4	ah yes, i think i finally found my watering hole here in the las vegas.  too bad it's too far, but it has the one of the best beer tap selections in town.  i used to come here a long time ago just for the guiness, the boddingtons, and the john courage.  I learned earlier this year that john courage will not be available on tap anywhere in the U.S., so that was a bummer.  I found a great replacement...kronenberg 1664 from france.  i cant get enough of that beer and tetley's too.  this place has good food, too!  it has all those english pub specialties, even indian curry.  go there on mondays to have all you can eat fish and chips.  the fish is fried fresh...so crispy...so hot...and so yummy with malt vinegar.  they have late nite chicken sandwich and cheeseburger specials.  but the thing to get there at any time....is the chicken wing appetizer...whoa man!!!  fu#$in so delicious, my mouth is watering right now.  i dont know what it is, but it has to be that batter...so tasty,crispy,crunchy, and tangy in the dipping sauce.  we always get our grub on and order hella plates of chicken.  this is a must!!!finally, they have a special down the hatch club card where for every beer you drink you get a stamp.  when you get to 30 beers, you get a free gift.   so i and a couple of other friends are on a mission to get as many free gifts as we can.   with my first card, i got my crown & anchor down the hatch club t-shirt.  right now i'm working on the jersey.  so, check this place out.  its open 24hours
3	After hearing all the craze about their fabulous chicken wings, I had to come and try it out for myself!Lucky me, even though I'm not a beer drinker, my Vegas go to man was willing to drag me along so I can indulge in some much needed deep fried crunch!  I can attest that yes, indeed, these chicken wings and drumettes are big ole things.  There's a lot of batter and meat on these babies, but I couldn't say so much for the taste itself.  Because we were dousing it in ranch dressing and hot sauce, of course it tasted fabulous.  But take away all of that, and I wasn't so sure there was so much flavor in the chicken or batter itself.  Bummer.  They do a fine job though giving it to you on the crispy crunchy end, and we like crispy crunchy things! They do have a pretty extensive beer on tap selection, which is always impressive.  I'm a pear cider kind of girl for now...They have various specials from late night craving deals to specialties of the day.  And who doesn't love a place that's open 24 hours?I'm on a mission to find tastier chicken wings that this!  Bring it!Update! 10/08/07 - I'm 1/3 of the way through my "Down The Hatch!" card!  Yay!  What the heck is that?!  They have this frequent beer drinker card and when you drink 30 of their beers, you get a free gift.  The BF is on card #3 already and is a proud owner of a Crown and Anchor T-shirt and Crown and Anchor soccer shirt.  (I'm hoping for the baby doll tee myself.)  They have some cool bartenders working here and a pool table upstairs as well.  We brought out of town guests and they loved the place!  I think they had live music the past Saturday.  We got there a bit too late and saw them putting their equipment away.  Yay for live music! And there's all you can eat fish and chips on Monday nights and happy hours from 3 pm to 6 pm!  Another cool thing is that they are showing football (soccer) games on the TV, and if you come by really late at night, they'll still have games on!Sidenote:  They even offer a free shuttle pickup service! Wow!
4	Fun times to be had at the Crown and Anchor...I just love the beer selection not to mention the great atmosphere.  Anything that stands the test of time in Las Vegas is a feat.  And what more could a girl ask for that 2 women's bathrooms.  They have an Internet jukebox so the music is never dull.  I've never had bad service there and there is always an array of people.  I do adore the food...the ploughman's lunch is my favorite!  Give me wicked cheese and Branston's pickles anytime.  Fries, pasties, sausage roll and even the shrimp is good and the fish and chips EXCEL.  Great conversation seems to flow there.   Cheers!
5	I love, love, love the Crown and Anchor.  I really don't go there enough for as much as I love it.  I was brought here on a horrible blind date my mom assisted on setting me up with once (thanks mom!  i know you read these!  he took me here and I was underage!  the HORROR!) but I don't let that sully the place.  It's lovely.The fish and chips are bully.  They are fabulous and greasy and perfect.  In true British form, you can get a bunch of peas OR if you want you can ask for Heinz beans with them.  I bet the rest of the menu is great - my friends eat from it a lot.  (A pastie doesn't just belong on bosoms.)  I'm boring and stick to one thing.  Their beer selection was unparalleled until a while ago, but that doesn't mean that their selection is any less stellar now.  (A full list to follow.)This is the only place in town to come and watch soccer matches with some actual Brits, Scots and Irishmen.  On Thursdays they have quiz nights with cash prizes.  Darts are always available - real ones, not the wussy plastic ones.  If you see me there and don't like it as much as I do, please don't throw one at me.Beers:Bass AleBlackthornSmithwick'sBoddington'sBudBud LightTetley'sCoors LightFoster'sWyder's Raspberry AleHarpJohn CourageMcEwans ImportOld Speckled enNewcastlePilsner UrquellPyramid ApricotPyramid HefeGuinnessWyder's Pear CyderRoclling RockWexfordFat TireSierra NevadaStella ArtoisKronnenbergAnchor SteamAbbot AleCarlsberg
4	I go to the Crown & Anchor whenever I'm in the mood for some chicken fingers ("Chickens don't have fingers!") and homemade curry sauce in which to dip them. Yum.The place is dark, which I prefer. They do, indeed, have bangers 'n mash on the menu, as well as a Scotch egg (a hardboiled egg wrapped in lightly spiced sausage) and a steak 'n kidney pie. If you're hankerin' for the fare of the lovely UK, then this is where you should go. There's only one bit o' beef I got with this place. Due to some sort of ... something ... on their liquor license, you can not order hard likkah at the bar. You have to be seated in the dining area, you have to at least order a plate of fries, and you must have your server bring you said likkah. Kind of a bummer when you've been sitting at the bar with a group of your buddies, and someone has the grand idea of ordering a round of car bombs. Everyone has to get up, go to a table, order some food, wait for the server to bring you your shots ... kind of ruins that whole spur of the moment, "Let's do a shot!" thing.They do, however, also have sticky toffee pudding.So, basically, go for the food and the beer, but do your drinking elsewhere.
5	Another bar in Vegas..?  No big deal.The BEST bar in Vegas... Now that's saying something!I learned of the C&A when I lived in Vegas several years ago and it quickly became my "let's meet here" place.They've got a huge selection of beer and cyder on tap.  A great menu, darts and patio dining.  The uni's the waitresses wear are pretty hot too!  But the best part (IMHO) is they play ESPN World on the several TVs scattered around.  Rugby, soccer, Aussie rules football... none of that candy ass baseball they play in most "sports bars".If you go to Vegas, stop in at the C&A, you won't be disappointed
4	As a British Ex-pat this is the closest thing i have to being home in Vegas. The food is good, although they do seem to have issues making a decent custard to go with the sticky toffee pudding (come on how difficult is it to boil a kettle and mix in the custard powder until it's smooooooooth!!!) anyhoo the atmosphere is authentic, right down to the slightly stinky toilets (a staple in any British pub!) and the chalk boards (so you can write humorous japes to your mates!) The beer is good and plentiful; although they did run out of St George Ale just before St Georges day (that's what i call bad planning!) and the selection covers most of the known world; why they even have some luke warm gnats piss that the yanks know as beer! (Lol I'm gonna get lunched now!! ;p ) The best thing is on Mondays they do ALL YOU CAN EAT FISH AND CHIPS, OK so it doesn't come with mushy peas, but it's a damn good representation of the dish, and they do use cod (none of that haddock b@llocks here my friends.) The appetisers are a little odd, sausage roll, chip butty and scotch eggs to name a few; for those of you who think this is standard faire will be sadly mistaken. A scotch egg and sausage roll is used for picnicking and the chip butty is a cheap student dinner. A true British appetiser or starter is...prawn cocktail with Marie rose sauce, Heinz cream of tomato soup, stuffed garlic mushrooms and pate on toast (not all together of course!!), the main dishes are more authentic, i can recommend the steak and mushroom pie and the roast dinner on Sundays ONLY!!There's not much else to say about this place; apart from their world cup coverage was super and they served $4 pints of Stella!! Wankers away my friends, wankers away!
5	This pub is a Vegas classic. I remember my dad telling me stories when he attended UNLV, and now I have found myself creating my own memories here. Don't come for the food, come here for the drinks. They have so many beers on tap, they have made it into a game. If you decide you want to keep coming back (because you won't finish all in one sitting) then ask for a beer card. There are approximately thirty beers on the card, and you get a stamp for every one you try. The only stipulation is that you cannot try a beer twice. It has to be thirty different beers. I made the mistake of mixing light ales with dark lagers with who knows what else one night to try to fill up my card, and it ended in, well, a mess, if you will. Anyway, it is such a fun place to be (we chose Tuesday nights for our weekly get together) and after dining hours settle, it gets a bit louder, and livelier. Crown and Anchor is the best place around UNLV for groups to get together in a casual atmosphere for fun conversations and drinking. Be careful though. You can get tipsy pretty fast, and nobody wants an accident to happen. We always designate a driver (which always seems to be the party pooper since they cant join in on the debauchery, hehe) and the police always seem to be about. Crown and Anchor is so much fun, but have good fun, be safe!Recommended drink: The beers on the card. Have your server recommend an order, don't just choose or you will end up in the bathroom all night!Recommended company: Because it is loud and filled with students, I suggest bringing your own group of loud students to add to the mix!
4	This Las Vegas favorite dive bar will always be a comfy place to plop down for a lunch or a beer. They have what seems like a million beers on tap, and they always have a soccer game playing which means that all British and Europeans that live here, are usually jammed into this place. Sit out on the patio with friends and a drink and your bound to feel like your sitting in London. I hope it stays in Vegas for a long long time.
3	Ever imaged an oasis in the Las Vegas desert? Well, here it is! Great English pub with food and beers to match! The bartenders are nice and the beers are cold. I also tried the sticky toffee pudding and it was pretty average but much appreciated nonetheless.
5	This is one of my favorite everyday watering holes here in Vegas.Great selelction of beers, wonderful patio outside, pool, darts, a few TVs, lots of people--in essence everything you need to stay entertained while drinking.The food is also very good... I had the Chicken Curry with Chips, and it was surprisingly good (either that, or I had consumed one too many black and tans). :)
1	You would have to be white or be with a white person to get good service around here.  I felt a racial tension when I was here last.
3	I am a huge fan of C&A, but I have to give it three stars for one major reason--time.  If you are looking to have great  times without dedicating your entire evening to the cause (well, at one place at least!), Crown & Anchor is not for you.  It WILL take you two hours to get three rounds of drinks on a good night.  Err, while I'm at it, I may as well mention parking as well.  I have only lucked out twice with parking at this place, and that was only because I pulled up as someone was pulling out.  On several occasions, my friends and I have parked at Metro across the street or Sherman-Williams and walked over.  Their parking lot is kind of hazardous, anyway.  It's very tight and really difficult to maneuver around in if you get stuck in a sticky place.But now that I got THAT out of the way (I'm sorry C&A, for I do love you so!), let's get to the goodies.  My friends and I love this place for every reason you could love a pub.  Crown is super cozy and completely raucous at the same time!  When you walk in, you will see people from all walks: older groups enjoy it, the UNLV crowd is pretty big, business people head there after work, and clubbers hit it up for the predancetimebuzz.Some one mentioned the old wood, and wax, and it takes me back to my Nana Wendy's house.  I sit down and look at the menu and see my family's traditional "home-cooked" foods--shepherd's pie, bangers and hash, scotch eggs, cod and chips, curries--for even though I'm from the South, my father and his family are British!The imported beers list gives a nice sample of the many great UK (and I mean all the countries involved, not just GB) beers, with plenty on tap.  If you're feeling adventurous, the bartender and *some* of the wait staff are very knowledgeable and will happily recommend something to quench what you're thirstin' fer.  If sitting around outside with a smoke, a beer, and a group of friends at a great pub isn't enough excitement for you, inside they have darts, video poker, and several televisions for your pubbing pleasure.  They also frequently host events aimed at the UNLV crowd, like the British Comedy bash, music, and more.  Hello AbFab costume!!
2	I generally go the the C&A for the televised football matches (read: soccer games) and from my experience, they generally charge a cover which pisses me off, but I guess it's their right to do so.I must admit I really do look forward to the chip butty they do (which is basically fries on a buttered roll), great at 6am whilst watching a game!  The rest of the food I've had there is ok, nothing special...haven't tried the fish n chips but as with pretty much anywhere Stateside, the chips aren't 'chip shop' chips, more like 'steak fries'.The TVs they have for the 'footy' are kinda crap though, especially in the room on the way to the patio, very poor.  Speaking of the patio, I do miss being home in England and having a pint in the sunshine, so this really does hit the spot!As with a lot of bars in Vegas, I find the service isn't the best, kinda slow as the bar staff of course want to take care of their gaming customers first.  I guess I find it too English at times, especially when there's a big boxing fight in town, it's full of Brits singing shite songs and being obnoxious, something I don't miss about living in England!All in all, a decent place probably mostly because of the atmosphere and beer selection (the Guinness isn't that great there by the way), but in my mind somewhat over-rated.Oh, and to Susan R.  it's NOT the same thing as the 'Rose and Crown' you mentioned... that's kind of like saying a Geo Metro is the same as a Cadillac because they're both American cars!
4	I made my first, but hopefully not last, stop into the C&A Wednesday week whilst on business in LV.It can be difficult at times in a big city to find local hangouts, however I fortunately have a UK mate living here who had already sussed the place out and found it up to his British pub standards. Better yet, as I was staying at the Embassy Suites by UNLV I could easily stroll over and avoid driving.The C&R is basically everything you want in a local pub with an excellent pub atmosphere, a great selection of beers, imported and domestic and a decent pub menu. My friend went for the curry on chips and I played it safe w/ a curry on rice. Although the curry is not quite London or Adelaide fare, none-the-less the dish was more than adequate (I settled for chicken as lamb or seafood were not available), all things considered. I would also prefer to have optionally mild, medium, hot or flaming arse curries served rather than the rather less than mild version served. Additionally a variety of curries such as seafood, lamb and veggie would be a nice touch.With UNLV so close by a curry night would not be out of the question. I was present for an Adelaide pub's (The Exeter) introduction of curry night in 2000, c.f. http://adelaide.citysearch.com.au/restaurants/viewContent/1119945819643/1137463277210, an event that remains wildly popular to this day.Not to complain though, all-in-all a great evening of British pints, curry and chit chat. I shall be back.
3	Ate here for my last night in Vegas. Experience was ok. Service was slow, and the food only eh. Ordered a snakebite, and got something else than what I thought I would. (Shame on me for not specifying.) Friends said that it's a good time during football (aka soccer) season.
4	When I went here, it was a great atmosphere. Very bustling and the staff were very friendly. The food was absolutely amazing... guinness stew was what my bf had, and he shared some of it with me, and I had bangers and mash. (I'm not even normally a fan of sausage, but authentic british food... hey...)They do lose 1 star for slow service. It took forever to get our check when it was time for our group to go and when we did get it, they had screwed up a bit on it. That was the only thing wrong with the entire visit, though.
1	I always go to this bar when in Vegas during the soccer season but only because it has the monopoly on soccer pubs in the city.  The lack of competition has lead to complacency and piss-taking on the cover charge for games.  My gripe recently is that my brother and I paid 20 bucks each to watch a game televised on Fox Soccer Channel (basic cable) when we could have watched in any other sports bar for free.I've been to games there with the atmosphere rocking, but for the UEFA Cup Final it was only half busy and left me wondering how they justify taking 20 bucks off customers when the average patron will also drop a reasonable amount behind the bar and on food.
4	I'm not much of a pub person, but I was craving a bacon butty with brown sauce.  Except for a hamburger bun instead of a proper roll, I got exactly what I wanted, and was perfectly acceptable for a 4-year craving  Service was good, decor appropriately pub-like.  Once the weather cools enough so that it's only in the mid 80's outside in the afternoon (I live close enough to where walking is the only reasonable option), I plan to return for their Sunday Roast dinners and/or the occasional proper English breakfast.
4	good service, friendly staff and tasty food. although we ordered wings and got strips. whatever. it was like 430 am and any food tasted good. i just remember the waiter/bartender was really really nice. and he said we could smoke even though there was a sign that said no smoking :)
4	I finally had the Sunday Dinner, with lamb.  The lamb and gravy were exactly as I hoped and expected--slightly tough, thoroughly cooked lamb with some fat on it and some slightly gelatinous gravy.  Trust me--this is a fond childhood memory or I'd think it was utterly disgusting.  I was disappointed in the roast potatoes because they were crispy-crunchy, almost like french fries on the outside, and fluffy inside.  They are supposed to be shiny and brown outside, still firm inside.  The carrots were okay, properly cooked and not overcooked, again a disappointment because I was jonesing for overboiled cabbage or marrow (sort of like zucchini) with lots of salt.  The peas were the bright green frozen things I ordinarily LOVE, but again, I was hoping for olive-drab marrowfat peas better employed as missiles launched at one's classmates from a spoon.  The Yorkshire pudding was American-style, this big puffy round thing resembling a popover, instead of a lovely slice of chewy stodge in a puddle of gravy.  The meal is a bargain at $10.95, and it was better than I'd hoped for.  The portions are extremely generous--one plate is enough for two, really.  I was only disappointed because I'd wanted a trip back to school lunches in the UK in the late 1960's.The Sticky Toffee pudding is lovely, although again, not quite stodgy enough, and the bottle of Theakston Old Peculier DID evoke memories of a fairly recent visit to Harrogate.The staff is always attentive and courteous.  Now, if I could just get some proper English food anywhere outside the UK....
4	Okay.  So my wife and I pull into the auto glass repair shop to get my driver's side window replaced (some &*^%&# broke it and stole about $600 of stuff from my car).  While waiting, we started looking for a place to eat and found this place.Crown and Anchor is an AUTHENTIC English pub, right down to the kidney pie and the smoky atmosphere.  It was great comfort food--at that time we needed some comfort and this place served up some great food and drink.  We could have done without the smokiness, but that was a small price to pay for a good meal.  Highly recommended.
5	How can anyone not give the CROWN 5 stars?! This is a must whenever the buddies and I make our quarterly trip to Sin City. Where to start with C&A? The beer. A huge selection of outstanding beers. The fact that they have Carlsberg makes me smile. Stella and Pilsner Urquel as well. They have beer for everyone there. The food. Honestly, I can't really remember what I have eaten there. My buddy Z loves the Scotch Egg. A hard boiled egg wrapped in sausage. He lives for it! The real reason we go there. The football. No, not throwball, but the real football. The first experience watching a game there had to be the best. My team lost mind you. Horribly. The atmosphere in the place at 4am was better than any place in the U.S. anytime of day for (insert lame sport here). Chants were being sung. Taunting was taking place from table to table, just before friendly handshakes and rounds being bought for one another. The greatest part of that night/morning had to be at about 7am. We stumbled outside to see the sun up already. Down the parking lot a bit there were 4 British guys. One of which was completely obliterated, yet still felt he could do a jumping spin kick into his friends face. He proceeds to pull down his pants to his knickers. Leaving his black socks on mind you. He lines up his buddy, takes a leap, spins, kicks, misses by a mile and falls on his ass hard. We almost threw up from laughing so hard. Just the thought of this happening again makes us go back. We will be visiting the Crown and Anchor in 3 weeks time for the Liverpool v. Manchester United match on 3/14. I am sure it will be just as memorable.
4	Forget the more American offerings on the menu.  Just have the fish and chips--with mushy peas.  Dip your chips in the mushy peas instead of the tartar sauce.  Their fish and chips are perfection, and English-style perfection at that.
5	Crown.  Anchor.  Either one by itself would be sufficient for excellent dining.  But you put them both together and you get:1. Bartenders/waitresses with kilts and knee highs.  Damn.2. The scotch egg (!) which is a hard boiled egg wrapped in sausage.  Shit yeah.3. English soccer, and, better yet, english soccer fans at 430 in the morning on saturday singing and chanting to their teams.The food is pretty decent but I have to tell you that there's more, like the huge beer selection and did I mention hot waitresses with kilts and knee highs?  Go there when a live soccer game is playing and there will be a crowd and a cover, even at 3 or 4 in the morning.  I shit you not.
4	I was entertaining some friends from the U.K so we gave it a try. It was during the time Hatton was about to fight so bristling with the younger fight crowd who had drunk too much but were civil. Beer selection excellent, nice atmosphere, 2 dart boards and T.V's for the football games. I had the fish and chips and like to smother it in Malt Vinegar but what came out of the Heinz bottle was a black liquid and I'm pretty sure it was Balsamic vinegar. I wasn't sure if Heinz had made a darker version or what. Thinking back I should have asked whats up? Anyway the fish experience wasn't great. I've had better. The wife's steak and mushroom pie was awesome though. I would have liked to have seen another British cider available other than the generic Blackthorn. All in all I'd go there again.
3	I hate to give this place three stars, because it's actually one of my favorite bars in Las Vegas, but there are some reasons why I don't come here much anymore.  The beer selection is great for me, because I am a big fan of British beers.  This might be the only place in the city that has Bombardier Ale on tap.  The food is very good, and the prices are reasonable.The problems: The prices on beer seem to have gone up quite a bit over the last couple of year.  This used to be a good place to come for a couple of $5 drinks, but on the last couple of visits I payed close to $14 for two beers.  Their Happy Hour prices are a little cheaper, but not much.I really hate to mention this, but there is a roach problem here.  If you sit outside, you're going to see a ton of roaches.  That's not such a big deal, but I have also had the same problem when sitting at the bar.  If you are coming here to eat, I would HIGHLY recommend that you sit at a table in the restaurant part of the room.  I have only eaten food on the bar-top twice, and both times there were roaches crawling around on the condiment bottles and near my food.  The food is really good, though, so I will certainly eat here again, just not at the bar.
5	Best Fish n' Chips in Vegas and maybe anywhere.  Light batter, thick and flaky fish.  Service usually blows (they don't staff many waitresses) but the food makes up for it.
4	I was expecting something out of Austin Powers but felt like I could have been at a bar at a beach in San Diego.  I was there on a Friday night and it was busy but not butts to nuts like you'd find at a place on the strip.  The beer is a little pricey.  $5.50 for a Newcastle, but this is Vegas.Parking is a little cramped but I got lucky and got a good spot just as another guy pulled out.  They had a dj playing songs off an apple laptop and he was playing a good mix of stuff.  Made me feel like I was back in college when he put on Crazytown.  When you're here, check out the upstairs area where you can kick back with some pool.  Another interesting note about the Crown and Anchor is the it's the hangout of choice for boxer Ricky Hatton when he fights in Vegas.
3	Final night in Vegas, my friend took me somewhere on the way from BINGO to the strip.  This was the place she chose, as we were NOT going to eat on the Strip another time.  We stopped at Crown & Anchor.  First of all, let me say that I was impressed with the decor.  Being that I have been in London, it was pretty "accurate" with the Pub vibe.Service was A BIT SLOW, and they were NOT that busy.  However, this seems to be a recurring factor in Vegas.  No one seems to move.  Maybe it is just that I am from the NYC area and like things promptly.We all ordered salads.  The salads, I must say, are pretty dang tasty for rabbit food.  I was really impressed with it.  The chicken was cooked to perfection and the english dressing was fantabulous.  Prices were NOT that bad.I would definitely recommend this place, if you have some time to kill & are NOT in a rush to get in, grab something to eat, and run.
4	Somehow an English pub wound up in the "slums" (I'm told) of Vegas (I live in the slums of Hollywood, which makes the neighborhood where the Crown and Anchor is look like Beverly Hills). But anyway.  I met an old friend here who is now a beer expert and he introduced me to some simply incredible stuff (Delerium Tremens and Young's Double Chocolate Stout). I'm now working on a script that's like Sideways, but it's in Vegas and the characters are beer instead of wine-obsessed.  It's a buddy pic where friend become enemies, enemies become friends. Got a compelling protagonist... an obstacle for him to overcome.
4	So I came to this place after reading the reviews here on Yelp and planning an annual trip I make with my father.  I wanted to find some good local places, off the strip, where the food was neither buffet nor over-priced.  Their meat pies were top notch, the cider was fresh, the beer was priced well and they carried a lot of imported foods that are hard to find most places.  Being an off strip place - it seems to cater to locals and I really liked that.  The first waitress was fabulous - fast, attentive and smiley.  The second was very friendly but much slower and less on top of things.  However she was adequate.  The only draw back to this place was how smokey it smelled - but its vegas and the law says you can smoke in the pubs so...This is a place I will definitely frequent again when I am in town.  In terms of being traditional, I am a first generation Canadian, raised by a family of Brits and I can say this is good authentic style pub.  WELL DONE!
4	I love this place! Its one of the few British Pubs that actually has a whole gang of Brits hanging out all the time. It may have something to do with the constant showing of Rugby and Football matches on the flat screens, or it could have something to do with the 50 or so ale's they have on tap each one being a treat or maybe the pretty tasty english fare on the menu.  I pick all of the above. I have been here so many times the past 14 years and never been disappointed. The beer is good, the food is delicious.  The atmosphere is lively and fun a great local places, a great place to get something on tap that is actually worth drinking!
3	Whenever I'm in Vegas and want to watch my Arsenal play I make sure to hit up the Crown & Anchor.  That means I'm showing up around 6 in the AM and I probably did not sleep at all the night before.There's a great beer selection but I can't really comment on the food (although I've been told it's good) because each time I've been there I've been just way too drunk to remember anything except the Scotch Eggs.  And those are perfect for eating after you've downed a few pints.The last time I was in Vegas we showed up at the C&A so early in the morning it was still dark.  We stayed all day as some lads from England were in town for a stag party (bachelor party to us Yanks) and we ended up drinking with them all day.  The staff was friendly and great fun to chat with the whole time as well (I think we may have even received a couple of free drinks).  By the time we left it was dark again.  We didn't step out into the sun all day and we weren't even in a casino!
3	Reasons I like the Crown:Late-night Hangin on the patio with a Guinness (or two)Outstanding Fish and Chips (with Peas!)Sticky Toffee Pudding (with custard on top if you ask nicely)The Chip Butty (which I've never ordered, but just love the idea of butter-covered french fries on a hamburger bun)Things I don't like:Service is never what you'd call 'brisk'The place could use a bit of a scrubPatrons can be surly on game nights.But what do ya want? It's a pub, right?The perfect place to end a long evening on a warm spring night.
5	Bloody Brilliant! Excellent choice of beers on tap. Outstanding traditional menu. Scotch egg is amazing!Love this place, you wont find any annoying American football idiots here....
5	Love this place! Love the fish&chips!
3	Came here for breakfast on a Sunday. A good vibe and the food was a-okay!
5	So if you have read any of my other posts, I do have a bit of a soft spot for the bar. Well, this place has a bar. They even have this promotion going on where they give you a punch card and you get it punched once for every country you buy a pint from. After 30 punches you get a t-shirt. They neglected to tell me that it needn't be in one night. I am unsure if I got the t-shirt. I have been here several times other than that faithfull night. I have enjoyed breakfast, simple but solid english breakfast. Lunch and diner were top notch. The bangers and mashare at least as good as my usualpub on Maui. The kicker is the waitstaff. They always make you feel like a regular. The service at either the tables, the patio, and the bar rivals some of the better establishments on the strip. The naughty schoolgirl thing never hurts either.Go early in the morning, order a red eye with draught Boddingtons never fails to start the day off right.
4	i was here last night, not to count the numerous previous visits. this is my friend's favorite pub! and it is my #2 pub for there delicious food. they got awesome apple cobblers, and cottage pie is my favorite dish here.  they got chimay on tab which is one of my favorite beer. everytime i go to this pub i get a kick out of it.  there are times like on the weekends where it will take a while for services but still the staff here is very friendly. :) i'll definitely be back!
4	UPDATED January 18, 2011 ...My second visit to the C&A was as enjoyable as the first, except for my disappointment in the curry sauce I requested with my chicken fingers. Not much flavor to it, and the consistency seemed gloppy, as if they took a perfectly good curry sauce and added a bunch of corn starch to it. Kind of gross. My date had the fish and chips, which tasted great ... Only one piece of fish, but it was a HUGE piece of fish ... Probably close to a pound! Once again we ordered the tasty sausage roll appetizer, which is served with a super yummy honey mustard type sauce. Also tried the onion rings this visit, and they were really good.  Service was okay ... Did not annoy nor impress me to any degree.Will continue to patronize the C&A because I love their outside patio (which is dog-friendly, folks!), but will look for my curry fix elsewhere.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~An authentic English pub smack dab in the middle of Vegasville - whoa ... kewl.  Mind boggling selection of brews from around the world.  I really enjoyed the Hoegarden that our adorable waitress, Mary, suggested. I prefer the lighter beers and this one had the perfect balance of flavor and brightness that I look for.Our food choices were thoroughly enjoyable ... Sausage Roll was a perfect savory treat to start the meal and served with a very yummy dipping sauce. The garlic mushrooms were sauteed beautifully and very flavorful.  My chicken curry was REALLY GOOD, but I missed the carrots and could have done without the cauliflower.  I guess everyone makes it a little differently.  My date enjoyed his pork chop special which was cooked in a "sweet whiskey sauce,"  that just tasted like BBQ sauce to me. But the chop was tender and meaty.Love, LOVE, LOOOOVE the outdoor patio seating area.  A big beautiful tree shades a good portion of it and the weather was beautiful on the April afternoon we were there.  The service we received was pretty good overall, which was a pleasant surprise after reading other Yelps that warned of the frustratingly slow service.Highly recommended for the authentic atmosphere and hearty fare.  And I love the fact that they are open 24/7.  Next time I am definitely going to try the fish and chips!
4	Considering the fact that this place is a walk through a couple holes in the fence from my house and it's a pub really makes me wonder why I haven't stopped in sooner!Actually what really makes me wonder is why I haven't had more cornish pasties in my life and actually decent fish and chips. We went in a small group to get some dinner around Friday night. I ordered that Cornish pastie and while munching on the yummy flavors of ground beef and veggies surrounded by puff pastry I started wishing everything was wrapped in pastry-easiest most delicious to go container ever! The rest of the table ordered fish and chips which were huge pieces of cod that were nice and flakey; some fresh squeezed lemon and you're golden!There was also a platter with veggies and cheese and bread-the cheese being of course, imported English cheese. This is a cool platter to order if you like to munch, also a cool platter because it's vegetarian. It reminded me of light lunches that my European grandma would put together-a cold plate with delicious munchies!We also ordered some beers and ciders, I noticed the selection is good, obviously focusing on imports from the U.K.The only thing I'm not too fond of is the timing. The servers are friendly and fun to chat or laugh with-the dining experience seems to take a while though. Food comes out after quite a wait, so enjoy your company, drink some beers and get ready for some pub style favorites.I'm pretty sure the next time any football game comes on and I can't sleep at 4 am you will find me here...
5	First , a little back ground to establish my credentials. I was born in the UK, and lived there until I was 11. My parents, now living on the east coast of the US, are the only other members of my family in the US. Everyone else is back int he UK, so I grew up on British food both at home, and on visits. I've been to every place I ever saw that claimed to have "authentic British Fare". Almost none of them do. A.SALT & BATTERY is a fish n' chip shop in NYC that serves the most authentic fish n' chips I've ever had in the states, hands down. Other than that, most places have a crappy battered fish and some fries. Which is NOT fish n' chips. (And I'm from Southport, UK, which pretty much makes me an expert fish n' chip person. It doesn't pay very well, but it is delicious.)Crown & Anchors fish n' chips are ok. Just ok. Better than what most places try to pass off as British fish n' chips. it's everything else thats amazing. In my home, every Sunday was, of course, traditional Sunday dinner. Roast beef or lamb, roast potatos, yorkshire puddings, veggies, gravy and colemans mustard or mint sauce. My Mother cooked it the same way my grandmothers cooked it, and it never got old. Amazing food. (whoever told you British food was bland has been eating at one of the aforementioned "authentic" places). Crown & Anchor manages to replicate this meal.....perfectly. It's flawless. From the tender beef, to the correctly cooked veggies, to deep golden roasted potatos and fluffy yorkshires, they get it right, and truly authentic, every time. the price for such a shit ton of food is impressive, you will not leave hungry. I love sunday dinner at the Anchor, and you will too. Other British staples are well represented. Cornish Pasties, sausage rolls, ploughmans lunch, chip butty's, mushroom pies, ...all a delicious part of my childhood, and all cooked to authentic perfection at the Crown & Anchor. Wash it down with a Speckled Hen or a pint of Strongbow, and you have just experienced the closest thing to a true British pub meal, possibly in the US. Hopefully I've conveyed how good the food and drink is. Staff is always friendly, the crowd goes from reserved to rowdy, and the atmosphere is always good. Sit upstairs for a quiter dining experience, but you sacrifice a little in the way of timely service. No complaints, see you there on Sunday.
4	I personally don't like the food here but I will give them the benefit of the doubt because there are always tons of Brits eating here and I've never been to Britain. I once saw them do a takeout order of 25 orders of fish and chips for some higher roller at Wynn so that means something to me, too. So that having been said, it's always lots of fun here especially now during the world cup and you can't beat the $20 video poker free lunch special. Word of warning, they do have a weird alcohol license where you can only have beer at the bar but beer or alcohol in the dining area. So get your seat at the bar and whenever you want a shot, order from the waitress in the dining area.
5	I don't want to sound like a zealot but this establishment should be in the best of Las Vegas.  It has character and it is fairly decently priced when it comes to Las Vegas as Vegas is pretty pricey in and around the Strip area, when it comes to food and drink. I have been to the Crown and Anchor Pub twice and I must say that I have enjoyed it both times. I had a beer there that I cannot place but it was bitter yet sweet and all in all terrific. One of the most important things about The Crown and Anchor is that it has an authenticity and feel that is lacking in most Las Vegas establishments. This alone makes it a good place to visit. As an addendum I would like to add that the chips served at The Crown and Anchor Bar are great. Also my friend and couldn't help commenting on the fact that our server was quite attractive. So there is eye candy at The Crown and Anchor as well.
3	Cool sports hang-out place for those near UNLV. Before Yardhouse and Freakin' Frogs, you came here for your beers. Hell, you can still come here for your beers. I want to say they have 60 beers on tap that you can try. They give you a special card too, that they punch for you every time you try a new beer. If you get through all of them, they give you a prize. I don't know what the prize is, since I don't know anyone who has made it through all the beers. Its a fun looking place too. It looks like a small cottage from the outside, but its a fun place clean place on the inside. It isn't a dive bar by no means. I have never been to an authentic British pub, but I could imagine that they look like the Crown & Anchor..
4	Let me start out by saying my husband is British so we just HAD to go here.  As we were staying at the MGM Signature this called for either a bus ride or a cab.  Cab to here was about 12$ w/tip (more or less).  When you get to the place it looks like an old old building and inside it was old looking too.  But I was told that was the idea by the hubby.  We got there between crowded times so we could sit where we wanted to.  The place has tons of memorabilia all over the walls - old signs, flags, newspaper clippings, etc. And chalk boards over the beer taps that were advertising all sorts of things.We had a scotch egg for an appetizer (not too bad) hubby had a steak and kidney pie and I had the lamb with taters, carrots, and peas and this ginormous yorkshire pudding.  And a ton of gravy.  Hubby was in pie heaven and I was scraping off gravy from some pretty good lamb. They have a great selection of beer and I had my first hard cider - Blackthorn.  I am now officially hooked on cider.  The stuff is sneaky and like my mum in law says 'it will knock your legs out from under you!'  It just made me a bit giggly, but I bet if I had had more than one............ ;)  They called a cab for us to take us back to our hotel even.  This place is way cool and the food is pretty darn authentic. The next time we are out in Vegas we are so going back!
5	I've always had a good time in coming here.I'm a big fan of British pubs, and while my favorite one still remains in San Diego, this is a perfectly acceptable alternative.The service has been good, the atmosphere is lively, their beers are extensive and great (I usually go for a Guinness with black currant, myself), and even the food is tasty.  Fish 'N' Chips and a Scotch Egg?  Good times = me.It's fun to watch the game, play a few tunes in the jukebox, or even hang out in their upstairs area (there was a lightning storm last night, which made the whole atmosphere awesome).  I've even been accosted by a group of friendly Elvis impersonators there, of which I will definitely rate that particular experience: "A hoot".All they need to do is run the recent Doctor Who episodes, and I'm set.Recommended.
5	Great atmosphere!!! I like hanging out here for football (soccer) games as well as just for dinner! The chicken curry over rice is my FAVORITE thing on the menu.  It's also yummy to order fries with a side of the curry sauce for a game time snack!  I would LOVE to become a regular....!!! :)
3	Things I like about the Crown & Anchor:The location (off the strip, but not too far off, close enough to walk to Thomas & Mack for bball games)The beer selection (Chimay on tap is pretty rare in LV)They have darts and a jukebox.Things that are just ok:The parking situation (not too many spots, especially tight on game day, you usually have to park at the paint store or the llantera and hope you don't get towed).The food (burgers and fish & chips are decent)The prices (reasonable, but I wish happy hour went past 6)The ambiance (pub-ish)The service (sometimes good, sometimes slow)Thing I hate:The smoking! (yes, they still allow it!)
5	I love this place! Along with the bartender that has a British accent, I feel like I've been taken away to a real UK pub.They are dog friendly! So bring your mutt and enjoy the patio located in front of the pub which is just along the street. Watch cars zippin on bye!Food is ridiculously good! So far, the Britsh burger with Stilton cheese, chicken leek pie, and fish and chips were slam dunks in my mouth. The last time I was there, the bartender looked at me with surprise when I ordered a second order of the chicken leek pie. That's just how I roll. If its that good, I'm having seconds! This place is my main squeeze right now.
5	Didn't want to review the place until I had the food.  The first two times I went I was on a liquid diet.  On my quest to find a cool place to watch the world cup games my co-worker told me about C&A.  My first visit was for the U.S.-England game it was an awesome experience.  Even though the U.S. fans were out numbered a bit we represented.  Besides a couple cheeky remarks everyone got along wonderfully.  Second visit to C&A was for the the U.S.-Algeria game, and unless you are a hermit we all know what happen that game.  Epicness happened.  When Donovan scored that goal it was absolute bedlam.  It is was one of the greatest moments of my life.  What a great feeling to celebrate something like that with your fellow countrymen and women.  But just like the England game all I had was beer.It wasn't until recently that I had the food.  I was in the area and decided to give the food a try.  And I'm glad I did.  I had the Fish and chips and they were good.  I'm not really a fish guy, but I thought I would have the house specialty.  The truth is I would give this place a four star, but since I experienced one of the greatest thrills of my life it gets a five.  C&A is hand's down the best place in Vegas to watch Soccer and the food is good.
4	Crisps with curry gravy and a cider, is the best ever.Their chicken tenders are the best!And a salad with beats - love the beats.
4	Was here last night to meet up with some friends for Monday Night Football and to have a couple of Beers before dinner.  We settled in around the bar and browsed the Beer menu.  There was so many to choose from and I was indecisive, so the waitress said she'd bring me a few samples so I could make up my mind....bonus.  After tasting a few brews, I went for the Fullers ESB.  It's a very good tasting English Ale that was very fulfilling.Although I've been here many times in the past, I learned something new.....you can't order hard liquor at the bar!  A friend of ours tried to order a Crown and Coke and they said that you had to be in the dining area and had to order food with a hard liquor order.  The reason is that their liquor license is for a Tavern, which means only Beer & Wine at the bar.....hard liquor in the dining room.  That sucked for the people in our group that didn't drink Beer or Wine.  I guess I never knew since I've only ordered Beer when I come here.Overall, it was a good time for everyone.  Will definitely be back again.
5	The Crown makes better chicken curry than a Pakistani grandma! Get it over a bed of rice or if you have a strong heart it's delicious over fries. Join the "Down the Hatch Club" by drinking every beer they have on tap. It's a great way to try new brews and keep track of your alcoholism.Every Thursday night is quiz night so get some friends together or go solo and make new ones to win the ultimate prize($50 bar tab).The juke box is digital so it can be hit or miss but if someone plays really bad music the bartenders will override it. The dart boards are in great shape and the loft has Foosball for all my Mormon friends. If you're a video poker player the bar is great, if you're not there's a ton of places to sit.
3	The review is for 3.5 stars. I came here a few times when I was in college at UNLV (back in the day, I remember how small it was- small parking lot too- and that it was busting at the seams- another location opened near Chinatown BTW). Our most recent visit was when a good friend was moving to another state- it's her favorite bar. I didn't eat- it was a little too late for me. A couple of our friends did and their food looked good. I did sample a few fries. We had a couple drinks while remembering all the good times. The server was really nice and came around often, checking on us. Since it was wednesday night, it was karaoke night- which made it more fun- it's great hearing people perform- some people are so animated. We hung out for a few hours. There was a good crowd but it wasn't as crowded as it would be on a weekend, I imagine. I am interested in trying the fish and chips sometime, since I hear that it is a specialty of theirs- being an authentic British pub and all. The atmosphere is rich dark woods and heavy furniture (chairs). It is a little dark inside too.  Just a note, be careful with the step on the way (from the front of the bar to the other side of the bar, on the way to the bathroom, I totally missed it and fell! I was ok, though, just a little embarassed, but not sure many people even noticed it.
4	In a town full of glitz, glam, and gaming, this is one of the only local pubs that I have found that downplays the gaming and focuses on the pub ambiance.  Of course there is gaming, if you choose, but it's subtle, so the dark, British pub feel comes through without being blinded by lights coming from the screens. They have plenty of beers on tap or in bottles, and offer a full menu worth of food.  The food is British pub style, so don't expect an abundance of spice or anything healthy on the menu, but it is what it is.  I go here for the atmosphere, it's what a great hangout pub should be.  It can get a bit loud when they have their DJ's making it difficult to chat with anyone more than one seat down, but during it's quieter hours (before 10 pm) I think it's the perfect place to have a drink and settle in, maybe play a round of darts or pool with the posse.  Of course, they always have football (soccer) on the tele, so if you're looking for a place to watch the game, you've found it.
4	The food is outstanding, and the selection of beers is even better.  I've spent many interesting nights here, and always love coming back.  Just watch out for the bagpipes and college students...
5	As any soccer fan living in the United States can attest to, being a fan of The Beautiful Game in this country can be quite a lonely experience.  From the quizzical looks I get when I wear my Cesc Fabregas Arsenal jersey in public, to the "huh?" I get from bartenders at other bars when I ask if they can put a soccer match on, being a soccer fan is sometimes like being the red-headed stepchild.Which is why I love this place so much.  Simply put, this is the best British Pub I have ever been to.  It isn't a big bar by most standards, but it's very homely and it just feels warm to be inside.  They have pool, darts and foosball for those interested in bar games.  They do have video poker like in most bars these days, but this is a bar better for socializing or watching a match than playing poker.  I just got back today from watching Arsenal play Barcelona in a UEFA Champions League match, and while the place was pretty empty when I got there 20 minutes before match time, practically all the seats were taken by kickoff.  The British Burger I ordered was absolutely delicious, and next time I must try the fish and chips.  Even though it was noonish, the people watching the match were rowdy and fun, and despite the intensity of a hugely important match were for the most part friendly.  While the fans are passionate and intense, you probably don't have to worry about brawls breaking out.The only bad thing I can say about this place is that the parking lot of quite small and cramped.  If you're going here to watch a match, be sure to get there early, as it fills pretty fast, particularly if it's a popular club or country playing (I.E. Manchester United, Chelsea, Liverpool, Arsenal or England's National Team).  Besides, the smaller lot probably encourages designated driving, so you can experience those many beers and get home safely :)PROS:-Authentic British pub decor-Wide selection of beers -Plenty of bar games-Great Food!-Soccer, er, Football fans!CONS:Small, cramped parking lot.
4	Our favorite pub in Las Vegas.Good food, great beer and close to the Strip. Make it a point to go!
4	This is a great place to run into a steady stream of Brits visiting from across the sea, apparently it is well known over there. There is also a steady stream of locals which gives the place a real "character". Over the years, both as a tourist and as a local, the Crown had always been a favorite place to stop in and have a pint. Nothing's changed for many years, even some of the staff seem to hang around for years.Not every visit to the Crown will give you reason to promote it to a 5 star joint, which is why it sits solidly at 4 stars. The food is good, since you weren't really expecting anything spectacular. The service can be good at times and not so much so at others, but overall you should have fun as long as you let yourself enjoy it.But if you ever get the chance to make it to the Crown during the World Cup (especially for a match between England and the US like we had just this past summer), you will have definitely have an experience you won't soon forget. It is events such as this that keeps this place on the list of some of the best places Vegas has to offer.
4	I love this bloody place!One of the few places in Vegas that I honestly miss.  The all you can eat English fish & chips (Monday night), chicken curry, chicken & leek pie and Lancashire hot pot are some of my favorite menu items.  Big beer selection and full bar lacking the typical douchebag Vegas tourist is a huge plus.  Most of the out-of-towners are here visiting with a local. Friendly, prompt waitresses and bartenders do their job well.  Parking can be a bitch at times but that's the only negative that comes to mind.  Oh...that and the mens bathroom sink's water pressure is up pretty high so when you turn it on, you get splashed in the front of your pants making it look like you wee'd on yourself.Crown & Anchor has done a damn fine job making you feel as if you are in an authentic "British Pub"  so much so that you forget you are still in Vegas (which is a good thing.)  Cheers!
5	Nice Pub, BUT the Curry sauce was bland and watery?Only negative thing I found with this Public House!
5	Need a local spot for darts? This is your place! My favorite locals pub in the city. Always an interesting group of people. The service is great, Nicole is the hottest waitress in Vegas :) Great beer selection. If you go I will suggest Wednesdays for karaoke night- half of the singers verge on professional and the other (like me) are pretty bad but always choose good songs. Thursdays are Pub Quiz nights- although you often have to translate what the quiz reader is asking (very thick British accent) it's a good time and winner gets a $50 bar tab, which, unfortunately, you cannot use the same evening. TV's are generally tuned into soccer or rugby...I wouldn't know but I hear they get some big crowds at 8AM for important matches.Interesting liquor license at this place- I mean who wants liquor at a British pub and with their wide variety of beers but if you want a shot you've got to be sitting in the "restaurant" not the bar.Get the chicken fingers they are better than the fish and chips! Open 24 hours this place is the best for after hours! I HEART THE CROWN!
4	A good pub is a wonderful place. Done right, it's a second home for those of us that like to bend an elbow.Now, Vegas doesn't have a perfect pub.  The main problem in our city is that every pub ruins its ambiance by installing those damn video poker machines in the bar.  And part of the greatness of a pub is a spacious wooden bar (uncluttered by anything except empty pints). So in Vegas, we already start a star down (try resting your elbow on the bar with those blocky video poker machines in the way).But when you lower the bar for Vegas, Crown & Anchor is an excellent choice.  They have a solid selection of British, Irish and American beers and a decent whiskey collection.  Add in a nice dart board and a solid crowd of good-humored patrons.  Head there for a big soccer match or rugby match and you'll find a nice batch of rowdy fans yelling at a television.  It's comfortable and fun, with tasty fried food and drinks.  What you'd expect from a good pub.And there are some advantages to drinking in a Vegas pub.  Like all successful Vegas businesses, Crown & Anchor has perfected the art of hiring sexy wait staff.  The staff is very easy on the eyes and a vast improvement from the brown teeth and rolly-polly figure you'd find in jolly ol' England.
5	This used to be a once a week destination while I was in college!  This is a great little bar.  I would love to work there for a day just to wear their cute plaid skirts!I haven't eaten a ton of their food...but it's typical bar good...greasy and tasty with a nice beer!They have 30+ beers on tap.  Darts and other bar games.  They have video poker, if you're interested in gambling while you drink.  Really fun to be there while soccer is playing.  The outdoor seating is really nice, especially at night.
4	So it's a pretty good English-y tavern, augmented with Vegas' love for gambling.  But if you don't sit at the bar proper, you can barely tell any of that's there.  There's a few TVs up to watch a match, lots of beer on tap (the English assortment of 1664 and Carlsburg), and you can order a large baseball of meat wrapped in a buttery shell.   Oh wait, that's a Cornish Pastie!  And it's delicious.  Did I mention the wait staff is hot?
1	What a dump!! I am a Brit in Vegas so I thought I would go to the Crown and Anchor to watch the footie. One end of the bar was covered with stacks of dirty beer glasses. The place was filthy and absolutely minging. The waitress was awful and the food I saw coming out of the kitchen I would not feed to my dog. I left after one pint. Shockingly awful!I think the worst bar I have ever been in!
4	fun place. Food was good. the owner is very nice. The waitresses are a little scantily dressed for a pub i think but I am sure it is to keep the men there. I am sure it is a fun place when the footie matches are on. I would gladly go back!
3	The food was very good but the restaurant was understaffed. What should have been a 40 minute lunch turned into a hour and a half voyage. The atmosphere was excellent. Know know it's a good British pub when the ex-pats are in to watch the footie on the big screen.
5	If you are in Las Vegas and are looking for a taste of Brittian, this is the place to go.  They have beers, spirits and wines from all over Europe, especially England and Ireland.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy with lots of neat touches.  They have kareoke night, specials almost every night and live soccer (or football as they call it everywhere else but the USA) on TV.  They also have darts and a jukebox.  The food is really good with a good mix of traditional British food and bar food favorites.  My favorite is their Shepherd's Pie, though there Ploughman's lunch is good on a hot day too.  When you go in, be sure to ask for a Lindemann's Lambic.  It's an excellent berry flavored drink that is refreshing.
2	The pub style is great, but the place feels like a sausage party.  The male to female ratio tends to be about 8:1 and of the 8, 6 are pretty douched up.  The food isn't very good....although the pies are decent.  Excellent selection of beer and fun trivia night.  The wait staff is hit or miss, and does feel a little like a strip club.  Dog friendly patio, which is great.  Not a bad place for afternoon summer drinks.
4	Pretty good English Style pub. Nice beer selection and they actually have a variety of British Pub food, not just Fish and Chips, but Bangers and Mash, Scotch Eggs, plus a variety of meat pies. Food is good, tasty, the pies are very good, nice gravy, flakey crust. They have a dog friendly patio, although most of the time of year it's either way too damn hot or way too damn cold and windy to sit on it. A big plus to the waitresses, they are all dressed in little plaid skirts and have English accents...very cool.
3	Great "local" bar..pool table, plenty of places for friends to sit, eat, and drink. Open till cows come home!
4	bangers, pasties, darts, fish n chips... excellant!
4	Love the new look. Staff friendly and pool are is outstsnding
2	I have friends that swear by this place, but it is not the place for me. I enjoy a good beer on tap, or a strong mix drink, but there are many places down Maryland that will offer me that. The food is ok, but nothing to rave about. The fish and chips are a crowd favorite, especially during nights when they do the AYCE. I have tried it once and can only do one plate because it is oil laden. I understand that you cannot expect fried food to be grease free, but a good batter and proper prep should leave you with minimum saturation. The generous pieces of flaky fish are moist and flavorful. After stripping the batter, the meal was more enjoyable. The lightly breaded chicken strips are great since I am not a fan of a thick coating. Nothing kills a good strip more than biting into a strip and getting predominantly breading.The staff has always been friendly and attentive. Sometimes the male bartender would overlook me for female patrons, but it is not a big deal.
5	Okay so !st off this is my fav place to eat in Vegas hands down, everyone that comes to see me eats there at least once on there trip, but my best friend and I went in a few weeks ago she had never been , and I really talked this place up, however they were out of the 3 top beers they sell, the waiter gave me an issue when I asked if we could smoke, which you can but he seemed put out by getting me an ash tray, the fish and chips were great but they stop putting it in news paper so that was a little sad but all in all great food and will be back time and time again! Also we all got our food at different times so it was weird waiting on other people to get done when you were don 30 mins ago. I hope they were just having an off day cause I love it, I feel this is not a kid friendly place, drinking, loud music and smoking so sorry mom and dad maybe on date night
5	I really like this place! It reminds me of my college days and going to school abroad in England for a Semester.  This pub is as close as it gets to a vintage British tavern/pub.  Great to watch Rugby and Soccer especially world cup soccer!  Cant go wrong here!!! They do it right! So much beer to choose from-thats a problem-lol!!!!
5	i love this place.  the food is always good and the enviroment is fun.  we've eaten a bunch off of the menu.  fav is fish and chips. pastie, cottage pie, chicken curry...all good.  the scotch egg is great.  dont forget to ask for HP sauce.  they make their own chips wich are tasty.  they have a lot of draft beers too.
4	Love this bar. People are cool, never had any issues. The weekends &  Wednesday (karaoke night) tend to get packed fast. The bar is small and there aren't a lot of seats. There is a balcony upstairs you can chill at, but no wait staff will serve you. All in all the place is cool. Just don't expect stellar service from the staff.
4	Sunday was my first visit to big crown. I have been to little crown on spring mt a few times, and never had a bad experience. A couple buddies and me sat at the bar and the bartender came over and informed us that sunday was 1$ PBR night. Well I was looking forward to a Stella or a Bass, but dam, 1 dollar pbr. So I had a couple of those, we also had some of the homemade potato chips and an order of wings.  The potato chips were really thin and broke easily in the curry which could of had a little more flavor.  The wings were decent, kind of your average bar wings. I'd have to give a low rating on the food, but honestly we only tried those two things and nothing off their traditional menu. I will definitely be back to try those becuase the bartender was really nice. He got our orders right, engaged in a bit of small talk, was able to answer questions I had about their happy hour and offered a sample of Bombadier when I asked what kind of beer it was, having never seen it before. The decor is pretty standard, pictures and UK beer decals. They have a little cove for darts and what sounded like a billards table upstairs. They have a board with all their sports offerings, and special events like karaoke and trivia.  So I will definitely be back for some pints, hopefully of something better next time, but cmon 1 dollar is 1 dollar, amirite?
2	Was not impressed at all.  The female bartender was nice but the male bartender was a dick.  I ordered a sandwich from the female bartender and 2 minutes later I hear the male bartender talking shit about what I ordered to other guys sitting at the bar (who he didn't seem to be friends with, and for the record, what business is it of theirs?).Then he came over and said something about ordering the same thing his grandmother ate.  Wow, your g-ma eats chicken too?  What are the odds?I went here because I was looking to watch a soccer game and another bar by my house recommened it.  I need to find a different soccer friendly bar somewhere in this city because I will not return here.
1	Was told this place had soccer games. Called to find out if they had the la galaxy game (which was on fox sport west) and was told "we have all the soccer games, we've never missed one". Although the guy had no idea who the galaxy were and was not knowledgeable about soccer.  We drove a few miles there.  The waitress had no clue to anything soccer related and simply pointed to a schedule chalkboard.  As expected only premeir league games.  What made this especially upsetting was that they were playing a college (american) "football" game on one tv.  This place does not play any major league soccer games and instead shows college football!!!! Also, so much for the "we never miss a game" I was told in reference to major league soccer.  But the guy obviously had no idea what he was talking about and I was skeptical going there in the first place.
3	All I can really say about this place is "Meh".....
4	I've been coming here off and on for the last six years. On my 21st this was the second stop on my drinking around the university tour. I got to witness a hilarious argument in which a biologist had a drink thrown in his face by a mean drunk lady. If you like to watch football (soccer), this is the place to be. They do have a cover charge on occasion; I guess that is for pay per view games or something.On those occasions when I'm a crappy vegetarian and eat fish (I admit it), the fish and chips here are the best I've had in Las Vegas.
3	Went here for dinner on our first night in Vegas.  It's a little restaurant off the strip and being an ex-pat I am always down for some tasty (read greasy) British grub.They had a lot of comfort food that I remember from my youth.  Couldn't make up my mind on an app so I tried a Sausage roll and a Yorkshire Pudding.  The latter was very dry as if it had been cooked a few days ago and just warmed up.I had a Blackthorn draft with Blackcurrent (originally asked for Ribena, but waitress had no idea what this was).Can't remember exactly what my buddy ordered, I think it was some sort of stew.  I went with a Banger buddy (sausage sandwich) with chips.  All in all, not bad.  I wouldn't be rushing back here any time soon.As a plus we were entertained by the two LVPD police officers who were dining next to us.  It was literally something out of Reno 911 as these two argued over the fact that one of them had never tried clam chowder and the other one was forcing him to sample from the bowl that he had ordered.
3	Crown & Anchor is nice for a good beer and bar food. Apparently friends of mine like their fish and chips, but I do not eat fish, so I cannot tell you from experience. The potato skins though are pretty good.They have a wide variety of beers to choose from, as well as hard liquor. However, you have to remember that you cannot order hard liquor at the bar, only beer. I prefer a Smithwicks, but next time I go in, I want to try something different. That is what I like about variety, so many choices, which means so many reasons to go back! They really do not have a daily happy hour, but they have theme nights. Like Thursday is Pub Quiz, you answer ten questions and the winner wins like a $50 bar tab or something along those lines. Our team did not win last night, bummer. They also have $1 draft Sundays at night. It is a cool place, nothing extraordinary though. Our waitress was hot, but she was a ditz for sure. She forgot all our orders at one point in time and kept forgetting to place them. I guess it has its days of being cool and lame. It is also awkward when your philosophy professor just so happens to be getting drunk in the same place you are. Got to love this place for the attraction of UNLV faculty.
5	great pub!! the fish & chips and sticky toffee pudding are amazing. strong selection of english brews.  the self-proclaimed "greatest bartender in the world" Adam actually truly was!!  excellent service and hospitality...really talks and listens to the customers! so glad we found this place. :D
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE1st  time I was here I saw that the waitress's were skinny girls in skirts, and I made the mistake of thinking that these girls were going to be lazy and not care about the fat people sitting in the back. I WAS WRONG... this is one of the hardest working wait-staffs in Vegas, they don't stop moving, and are constantly getting what you ask for. To top it off, they still make you table, no matter how large the amount of the people or how large the people... or both, feel like they are the only Table.This is the best Fish&chips you will find in this city, I have been looking for years for this quality of fish&chips. The Fish by the way is HUGE and cooked perfectly.  When I come on a Monday, I gain a good 40lbs due to the all you can eat Fish&Chips, then some how stuff a Toffe pudding in my mouth for dessert.
4	Crown And Anchor. How do I love thee? Let me count the ways...This place is a unique establishment, which, in Las Vegas, is an achievement. This place has so many draws. For example, the food is absolutely authentic British pub fare. It's the best in town. The staff. What can I say? From the plaid skirts to the flirty service, the help is definitely easy on the eyes. And ladies, don't despair, because every male bartender is huge ( I believe a prerequisite for male employment is the ability to bench a Volkswagen). Crown and Anchor issues to its patrons a challenge. Whosoever can drink all 30 beers available on tap will receive a free Crown and Anchor T shirt in commemoration of their drunken prowess. It repeats up to four times for different swag. And did I mention Pub Quiz?  Once weekly, on Thursday evenings, teams compete in an impossibly difficult trivia challenge, wherein teams are asked ten very difficult questions, spanning a breadth of topics. Thehighest scoring team receives a 50 dollar bar tab to be used at their next visit. It's competitive, free, and a blast. Highly recommended. So should you ever get the hankering for English culture for a moderate price, a great view, and some stiff competition, the Crown and Anchor Pub is the place to be.
5	This place rocks! I first started going with some buddies.from work we got off at 1am sometimes and this place is always open. Great fun and karaoke on Wednesday is awesome. I suggest this place to all my friends now.
4	This place is the closest Las Vegas will get to a college bar. The place is modeled after an English pub situated in a large wooden hall. They have a variety of beers on tap and after you've had them all (all 30), they'll give you some kind of Crown and Anchor swag. Thought it was kinda weird that the place was filled with seats. In other cities, a type of bar like this would also double as a club haha. That wouldn't fly in Vegas I suppose.If you're a local and looking for a chill time with a very young and college scene, come here. No grimy old man pedos. If you're a tourist and you've ventured this far from the strip, you'll find this place a comforting and unpretentious bar to pass the time.Minus one star for the service which is also very collegy.
5	I love this place! Every time I'm in town I hit it up. Good food, good drinks, and def has that old skool British pub vibe. And I like how they play soccer during football season!
4	In a town where $10 beers are now the new norm, this is a great oasis in the desert.Best of all, the patrons are mostly local.    I recently enjoyed several Delirium Tremens there, just one of the many unique bottled choices C&A offers, and I was seeing pink elephants.   The food is not bad, but go here for the beer.   Nice tap selection also.
4	Recently enjoyed another dinner on their patio with my lovin' man. This time, we both were in a breakfast kind of mood, so went for the Gammon and Eggs. Gammon is similar to ham, but the British version is called gammon and is a bit milder than American ham, and the steaks are generally round in shape with a center bone. Eggs were cooked properly, although I wish our plates had been served a little hotter. Overall, another great meal at Crown & Anchor on Trop.It was a great breakfast, and their great coffee worked beautifully with it to squelch our hankerin' for breakfast.
4	Yelp came thru once again... I arrived on a late flight and had not had dinner so we decided to look for a place close by to eat and this popped up.  The place was pretty empty around 9pm but shortly filled up for trivia night.  I had a side salad and order of wings and my husband had the fish and chips.  And we also had a couple pints, they have 30 draft choices!  The wings and sauce were superb, the wings are battered but its light not overpowering, the sauce is on the side and just how we love it vinegar and spice.  My husband raved about the fish, I didn't try it.  The fries/chips were good, thick cut awesome with malt vinegar.  My big gripe here is that its a bar and I guess in Vegas they still let you smoke, yuck!  Anyways if in the area I would go back again for the awesome wings.  P.S.  We tried the sticky toffee pudding and it was not good, super dry and no ice cream.  If you want one that will knock your socks off try it at Gallagher's restaurant at NY-NY hotel.  Theirs is awesome.
4	My new favorite spot in Las Vegas. An authentic British pub (well minus the video poker machines) & I used to live England, so I know what I'm on about! If you want a break from the insanity of the Strip, this is the place to chill out. I had their chicken-leek pie & it was wonderful, fresh & flavorful, the best meal I'd had in weeks. The ambience is dark & cozy, the perky co-eds clad in plaid miniskirts waiting on you are top notch. As I'll be moving to Vegas soon, I'm looking forward to many more evenings in my new hang-out.
4	Stilton Plate and Fullers London Pride pale ale...who wouldve thought that just stilton cheese(like blue cheese), cucumbers, and tomato slices would taste so good!! Also the sticky toffee bread pudding was AMAZING! I ordered two...oops ;)
4	Get past the crowd of UNLV students, or just come during the off-hours of their typical hours of drinking, and overlook the often slow service.Do these things and you will enjoy Crown & Anchor for what it is... an actual traditional British Pub in Las Vegas. I will be the first to admit I have never been to a real British pub, like say, in London, but hey if this is the closest I can get right now, so be it. I suggest Fish and Chips and it is typically what I get when I come here, although I have had a few other selections, this is certainly my go to and it's good, EVERY TIME.It's fish, it's chips, it comes with great tartar sauce if you want it. Not to mention the beer selection. It's works for me. I think everyone should come here at least once.
5	Good food. Good beer. Good service.  The fish & chips are always good, curry is not bad.Couple of beers on the patio, dog friendly spot.Been here probably 20 times in the past ten years and it's never disappointed, both locations are good.
5	I drive by this place often and finally stopped in for lunch.  GREAT  FOOD, GREAT DRINKS, and the bartender was so friendly and  great service.  I will be back.
5	My parents took us out for great fish and chips when I was a kid, for the past 40 years I've tried everywhere to find good fish and chips and am always sorely disappointed (my partner is under orders to stop me from ordering fish and chips because it's usually so bad).FINALLY!  The Fish & Chips at the Crown & Anchor are better than my childhood memories!  The food was so good, I actually ate peas - and enjoyed it.  This place is fantastic.Everything was great, real food and dog friendly on the patio,What more could you want, I've found happiness.
2	I know this is probably heresy but I have one word to sum up the crown and anchor: Meh.I think to enjoy this place you need to be  A) in college and B) have never been to any other pub. Ever.First off, I expect a pub to serve more than just beer and wine at the bar. To get hard alcohol (ie. Whiskey in my case) you have to sit in the dining area and order food.  Someone cheaped out on a real liquor license and just doesn't care at this point.Second, the fish + chips I've tried twice here and its completely lackluster. Not worth the hype. It tastes frozen. The chips were mealy, both times. Very middle of the road. Maybe they had a better chef or food distributor a while back when it got voted #1 in Vegas, but there's far better elsewhere.The jukebox was a little bit crap too. I heard the Police greatest hits for a little too long. Then it was followed by 1990's euro trash techno. Very blah.On the upside: great atmosphere, great room, nice pool tables. If you're a major beer drinker, then you'll love it. The whiskey drinker in me was disappointed by their liquor policy.
2	I have been to Crown & Anchor a few times with friends.  I guess I'm just far too old to be drawn into the hype, but I was not impressed.  Perhaps if you just celebrated your 21st birthday and you want to get smashed, this is a good place for you.  I'm not that person, so I just find the droves of college kids annoying.  I didn't take away stars for that preference, though.  I took away stars for the food.  What is everyone so hung up on here?  I've done the whole fish & chips thing plenty of times in my life, and this doesn't even rate with me.  I agree with a previous poster who said that the fish just seemed like it was frozen.  I wasn't that into it.  I guess I'm nuts, because a lot of people swear by the fish here.  However, I've had better.  I've had WAAAAAAY better in other cities, and I've even had better here in Vegas.  The service is slow if you order food.  I do enjoy sitting outside on the patio, but if I'm paying to eat something, I don't wanna feel like I basically paid for the ambiance.
5	Ever since my freshman year of college I have driven past this place literally hundreds of times and never gone inside.  It wasn't until my junior year that I went with a few friends to have a drink at this quaint littler tavern, and oh my God was I surprised.On the outside it seems like a sleepy little pub on the outskirts of London, but on the inside is anything but.  The Establishment is divided into two main sections: a dining room and the bar area.  My friends and I decided to get a bit to eat first and participate in drunken debauchery afterword (Just Kidding (*Wink)).  The dining room had the best of both worlds; the look and feel of an authentic British pub, with four huge Widescreen TVs on each corner of the room, blaring out endless sports center highlights from the day.  The waitresses were dressed in skimpy little outfits and actually knew some of the girls on a personal level from school.  The service was great, but not excellent.  They were very nice to me and my buddies, probably because we were friends, but the service could improve if the hosts and waitresses would treat the other patron with the same level of costumer service.The best part about his restaurant was the food.  I had Fish and Chips and I have to say that they were the best damn Fish and Chips I have ever had period.  I have been      here many time since then and I swear the food gets better every time.  They also have a huge selection of assorted British beers which I have to admit is pretty damn awesome.  Th food is great, the beer is great, the atmosphere is great, the girls are great, what more could you ask for in a bar?  I rest my case, Go to Crown and Anchor now!
4	I really like this english pub. It's one of the few ones that serve a raspberry cider around town. They also have an traditional english item called a chip bunty (or butty) which basically is french fries (chips) served inside of a buttered roll. It's hard to look at without laughing but it's an awesome idea. They have a huge selection of draft beers on tap. This place actually has a better menu than the one on Spring Mtn.
5	We were staying at Bluegreen Club 36 which is very near UNLV and loved the idea of going someplace off the Strip.  We went for dinner on a Wednesday night and it was very popular but we didn't have to wait very long.  The food was good - I love Scotch Eggs and also the chicken and leek pie was delicious! Good choice of beer.  Lots of students but we were weren't the only ones there who weren't.  Fun atmosphere, good service. We'd definitely go back again if we ever return to Vegas.
2	I am sorry, but I sooooo wanted to like this place.  I mean, what's not to like?  It's a kitschy little bit o'Britain right on Tropicana in the middle of the freaking desert, how can you not like that?Well, let's just say we stopped by their this afternoon for a wee bit o'food coming back from McCarran and oh my was I disappointed.  Now, there is no doubt they have an excellent selection of draught beers and I quite enjoyed my Belgian wheat beer, but sad to say, the Mrs, had an ice tea and she had to get a Sprite, because the tea tasted like water, yuck!Anyway on to the food.  Again like another poster mentioned, the fish & chips were just kind of sad.  I mean here we are sitting in the middle of supposedly  Her Majesty's finest establishment expecting British excellence and the fish seemed like something that had been bought at a Costco.  OK, you are right, this is the middle of the Mojave Desert and there ain't no friggin' ocean anywhere near here, but come on, I have had better frozen fish at lots of places that are far from the sea.Now on to my Ploughman's Lunch.  Oh, how I do like a Ploughman's plate, and to tell the truth they did do a wee bit better here than they do with the fish.  But the bread was dry and almost stale, and  the cheddar cheese tasted like something you'd buy at a supermarket.  Now the Stilton was a nice piece of cheese, though not the best bleu cheese I have had but not the worst either.  The tomato was fresh, but I was a bit expecting the beets to be pickled but they were just cold cooked beat slices.Service was fine, though nothing spectacular.  The young lass who served us did a good job, but she didn't provide excellent service, it was just kind of a step above adequate.Again, I really wanted to like the place.  The atmosphere is cool in a corny kind of a way.  I am fond of kitsch, but if you are going for kitsch you also have to provide more than a semi cozy English pub type environment.  You also need to have food that is going to live up to the hype, sadly the Crown & Anchor had the sizzle, but no steak.
5	There seems to be some kind of misconception, I believe, that British food is "bland," or otherwise lacking in flavor.  While that may be true in the UK, it certainly isn't the case, here.I don't get over to this place as much as I would like, and that's MY loss, because every time I dine here, I'm never disappointed.  In fact, a fraternal/social group to which I belong, used to meet here every Friday night, about 10+ years ago.  We had most of the upstairs section to ourselves.I can recommend almost everything on the menu, as at one time or another, I've sampled most of the fare offered.  I treated a total of 5 of my good friends there on June 13, 2012, and the total price for all 6 of us was under $100, so their charges are certainly reasonable.But best of all, if I may be permtted a totally MALE observation, I definitely noticed the delightfully (and incredibly) SHORT Scottish kilts being worn by the female servers.No joking guys, they all have LEGS TO DIE FOR.
4	Pretty excellent beer selection and good food options.The food is honestly a bit pricey for what you get, but it part of the cost be being in such a great environment. The outdoor patio is really nice and great for pets. Late night, it's a perfect place to sit out and have a few beers in the warm, dark Vegas air.I often recommend Crown & Anchor to both locals and tourists as a great place to get your night started or as a stop over on your way to a show.As it is near the strip, be prepared for out of towners who have been hitting it too hard all day and locals who stop in to feel like they are in a Non-Vegas pub. It can get loud and if the wrong people get a hold of the jukebox, you're screwed.
4	Beer! It's my favorite, and Crown & Anchor has a great selection.  Having British grandparents, and a father and uncle who grew up in England, a place like this just feels right.  Fish and Chips are tasty, as well as Cornish pasties!  But I love the giant Yorkshire pudding!  We always had Yorkshire for our Sunday roast beef dinners, and this one taste just like the family recipe. I love the layout, and the outdoor seating option, but I prefer sitting in the bar, near the dart boards, where I can find soccer or rugby on one of the tvs!  Its a great place to gather :)
5	This place has always been a Vegas staple for me. I used to come here after work every week. The fish and chips are great, jukebox is full of old punk and alternative rock. Bartenders and waitresses are friendly as hell and if you can't find a beer to drink here, you don't want a beer.
5	Excellent prices and awesome fish n chips! It is located very close to the strip, about five minutes away from the MGM.We went here on the day of the Queen's Jubilee and they had decorated the place with British flags and pictures of the Queen. Very cool. Best place to go to start out the night. It love how it wasn't rowdy at all and that the service was great. They also have a pool table and darts in the back :) Cool, laid-back atmosphere and good food. What more could you ask for?If I lived in Vegas, this place would definitely be a staple for me :) I will have to go back the next time I am there!
2	I would like to make this clear from the start, we have eaten here a few times and the food is pretty good, as a Brit living in Vegas there are times I get the craving for some good old British food, today was one of those days.On one of our trips to the UK I introduce the wife to the British Carvery, to give you an idea take a look here : http://www.tobycarvery.co.uk/carvery/Now, as these are non existent in Vegas, we are left with places that serve a traditional British Sunday Dinner, right, Crown and Anchor it is.The service is always good here, the wait staff are always friendly and quick....... And let's be honest here, whoever came up with their uniforms, you deserve a medal.But it is the food we are interested in.The wife went for the Sunday Dinner with roast beef, I had the Sunday dinner with lamb and beef, both dishes are served with Yorkshire pudding, veg and A roast potato (more on those in a minute), along with this my wife ordered a small house salad.After a while we had pretty much given up on the salad, no big deal, these things do happen. however, when are meals came out, they each had a house salad on the plate, along with the meat, potatoes, veg, Yorkshire pudding and gravy.....A pet peeve of mine is when waitstaff know that something isn't right, how a house salad, with gravy even makes it out of the kitchen is beyond me (unless this is the way the owners want it, in which case....WOW).Anyways, a quick recovery by the lady serving us, my salad which I did not order is gone and my wife has a nice house salad on the side, which would have been better served before the meal came out, but ok, on to the meal itself.Is it a "traditional British Sunday dinner", well yeah it is, in the same way that as a McDonald's 1/4 pounder is a gourmet burger, all the pieces are correct, it looks right, but there is just something missing.So let us dissect the meal :The meats were good, maybe a little thinly sliced, but that happens to be the way I like them, so I was happy, however, putting beef gravy on to lamb just destroys any taste to the meat, if you are going to offer both meats, it's actually better to serve the gravy on the side and let the customer mess it up.The Yorkshire pudding was good, this is something that normally causes all kinds of issues to those not raised with the darn things, but they were good.Veg is veg, enough said and ignored.Now for the real crime on this dish, the roast potato.....This is going to be long, it is a story and a rant.The Great British Roast Potato, a food that when done right makes a Brit smile and a non Brit wish they had been born a Brit, sounds like exaggeration huh ? A couple of years ago we were lucky enough to host the family Christmas dinner here, it seemed like half of California showed up, the women folk worked their wonders on the veg, the father in law worked on turkey and prime rib.Over in a corner of the kitchen the Brit who married into the family was hiding in a cloud of steam, gently giggling to himself, these poor Americans had no idea what was about to hit them. A bag of potatoes had been boiled, cut in half and were now being gently rocked back and forth in a colander.The women were looking at the wife wondering, WTF did you go and marry this guy for ? And why won't he answer any questions about what he is cooking ?45 minutes before we are due to eat, the potatoes are placed in the oven, set at 325, basting in a bath of melted lard and drippings. After 15 minutes the oven door is quickly opened, the potatoes are quickly covered with the oil, 15 minutes later the door is again opened and the potatoes are turned over.So 45 minutes pass, what comes out is a potato that is golden brown on the outside with a crispness to it while inside the potato is light and fluffy.... And totally ignored by everyone ! Heretics !That is until the father in law becomes brave and decides to try one of these strange things his new son in law has produced.... Or it could of been his daughter kicking him under the table while not so subtly nodding at the bowl of potatoes, but he tries one, then ever so slowly reaches over and grabs the bowl and shovels a bunch of them on to his plate, the family is shocked, the strange new food is a hit with the old man, the Brit sits back with a little smile on his face.Now the reason for that long story is...... If you are going to serve roast potatoes serve roast potatoes, not two little bits of potato that if I had to guess came out of a bag frozen, were quickly thrown through some oil and then put on a plate and served.Yes doing it right is time consuming, yes it can be a bit of a pain, but if a chain in the UK can do it day in and day out serving thousands of meals a day,there is no reason why a little restaurant cannot get such an important part of the meal right.For this reason and this reason alone they get marked down, is that mean, well no it's not.
3	Pretty good, but there's a reason the Brits aren't known for their food. Great beer selection, good sausage, other food items were standard meat and potatoes selections at OK prices.  Seemed past it's prime a bit, but I think that may have added some charm more than anything.
1	Terrible! Good piece of fish with tasteless batter, frozen fries,&  peas that must have been cooked at least two days previously. Either the cook was gone, or the reviews have been loaded by friends , relatives, and employees. We cannot believe that this ever got a "best" rating.
5	Me love long time.  This is without a doubt my favorite dive bar in all of Vegas.  The bartender is darn friendly and accommodating, and the beer selection is monstrous.  Normally, when I think food at a dive bar, it's more like no thanks, but their food is really great.  While not particularly healthy or gourmet, it's solid, yummy bar grub.  If you're playing, they actually hook it up and take care of you here.  I'm looking forward to coming back soon.
4	Nice place!  I lived in England for a time and developed a taste for British Ales so it is great to find a place that has them on tap here in Vegas.  I had the Sunday dinner special which was excellent.  Bar tenders are friendly.
4	I love this place. It is right around the corner from my house so it is easy to get to (for me). The food is good, not the greatest, but solid for sure. The place is more run down than it should be, the owner should look into touching it up. But if you are looking for a place with great staff this place is great. The bartenders and servers are so unique that it makes it fun every time. My friends and I go to Karaoke Wednesdays and Dollar PBR Sundays all the time.
4	The waitress and bartenders are gorgeous and everytime we've come here they have been pretty nice. Oh yeah the food is great too. I want to try the banger's and mash next. Had the cottage pie and it was delish. Just let it cool down a bit before you chow down or you will fuse your upper mouth with the lower and the only tasting you will do will be your firts bite.
4	Husband ordered chicken curry and I ordered lamb stew in sourdough bread bowl.  Both were delicious.  We will definitely be back for the food. However, if you are a non-smoker, I suggest you sit outside.  We sat inside and when I got home, my clothes and hair absolutely reeked of smoke.  (I am not a smoker.)  Our waitress was a bit slow but friendly.
4	While I doubt I will find another bar that will best my beloved Frankie's, I will let you know that Crown and Anchor comes close.From the cozy pub atmosphere to the selection of drafts available, this is a great place to have a date, hang out with a group of friends, or just chill by yourself.  You can even sit out on the patio and bring your pup!  There are 30 beers and ciders on tap and the majority of the selection is great. *Cough cough Miller cough*  Sorry, excuse me.  My personal favorite is Blackthorn Cider.  If you're feeling adventurous you can ask them about their "Down the Hatch" club. (Hint: you get a prize for trying all the drafts.  I've got 29 more to go).  The seats at the bar fill quickly, but there are some tables nearby.  The smoke isn't too bad, but then again, I haven't been there when it's really crowded.  Please don't hate me if you inhale a pack of cigarettes on a Friday night.  And while the bartenders are attentive, they aren't super friendly.  I'm going to go ahead and say it's because they are uncomfortable in the ridiculous outfits they have to wear.You can order from the menu at the bar which might be a good idea if you plan on having more than a couple pints.  Being British food it's not vegetarian friendly, so keep that in mind, my veg friends.  My husband has ordered the Chip Butty which is literally a French fry sandwich.  He likes it and I like to pick at his leftover chips.  They do offer a veggie burger but I just don't feel right eating it in a pub.  For the non-vegetarians, expect Fish and Chips, Bangers and Mash, and various meat pies.Please be aware that they have lots of rules about what kind of alcohol you can drink at the bar/restaurant/patio.  Definitely a fun place to stop for a drink!  And it's right next to Pinball Hall of Fame- bonus!Nikki Jo's Ladies Restroom Review:While it's clean, I don't like this restroom due to the creep-factor.  They leave the window open (I'm guessing for circulation) but it opens up right next to the employee outdoor break area.  I didn't have luck closing it but that's probably more due to the fact that I was a spazz and had a couple ciders already.  Instead, I covered it up as best as I could with my purse.  Regardless of whether or not it's closed, there is only a lace curtain covering the window ready for any perv to look through.  Not cool.
5	Great food and an outdoor patio that's dog friendly.
4	I've heard about it for years, but I somehow never made it to the Crown & Anchor British Pub until a couple weeks ago. It's always high on a lot my friend's lists of dive bars along with Frankie's Tiki Room, the Double Down, etc, but those recommendations are typically more for drinks and overall ambiance than food. This is why I was particularly skeptical about this one, even with a few friends swearing by it. Needless to say, I ate it and was more than surprised.The pub is located on the east side of Tropicana in an iffy area of town, but you're not coming here for the class. The interior is decked out with British-inspired street signs, posters of boats and the like, with the waitresses wearing skimpy kilt outfits. There's also an outdoor patio which I've heard is dog friendly. I was fully expecting an overly loud, smoky bar scene that would have made eating a bit unsavory, but it was surprisingly quiet on the Saturday night we were there. The menu features all sorts of traditional British dishes that I've heard are hard to find at other locations around town. This is all good, but I only really care about burgers for the sake of this review so I'll have to try some of that other wacky stuff on my next visit.The British Burger on their menu comes with a  1/2 pound patty, bacon, lettuce and tomato and choice of a few cheeses. My burger had great char flavor upon first bite, which carried all the way through. It was cooked a bit more than medium-rare but I was ok with it due to the overall great flavor. It was greasy for the first half, dried up a bit in the second half but was still ok because of the flavor. My bacon wasn't quite as cooked as I would have liked, but it still had decent flavor. The thin onions were good but I still pulled them off as to not overpower the great flavor I was experiencing. The lettuce and tomato were fresh, although the tomato was a little sparse, and the swiss cheese was melted and good as well. The bun was soft, gooey and delicious, and was very well proportioned to meat. Overall this was an excellent burger that I wasn't expecting at all.While I typically don't care for them, my steak fries were actually really good; they were cooked well for the most part but there were a few soggy ones in there.  My side pickle slices were good too; they never made it onto my burger but I still ate them. At $9.25 with fries this is very reasonably priced; combine that with a beer or three and you're in for a good time. If you're looking for a unique local pub with plenty of drink and food options definitely stop by the Crown & Anchor.
3	They have british pub food...I mean REAL british pub food. Chip buttys!!!!!! Scotch eggs, lots of beer, and its pretty decent...Its not my favorite watering hole in the area as sometimes the bartenders can be shit heads, and you cannot do shots at the bar?? wtf! But if you are jonesing something greasy and british, like russel brand, then go here
4	Huge fan of the Crown & Anchor!Come here for darts!  Come Here for English Pub Ales on Tap!  Come here for Soccer matches!  Come here for a  Scotch Egg!  You can even come for an English Breakfast or Sunday Dinner...they will both suffice, but I can't truly rave about either.  And you can certainly come with friends for a good time!The food is solid (Fish & Chips / Pub Style Curry...and I'll mention the Scotch Egg yet again!) but not worth coming here for by itself.  The Beer is mostly English & Irish Favorites...more than the average pub, but not everything a beer snob is looking for...again not a sole reason for the average Joe to come here.  But when you include the British Pub atmosphere, I'm sold!I want to be in a place that feels different than average Vegas.  I want to play darts a few times a year...so I will return again and again, have a great time, enjoy some food and beer and remember the special nights when the world just seems more right...and I'll do that here in a heartbeat!   A little more attention to their food and I'd be handing out 5 stars with a smile!
4	Food was delicious, Staff was attentive and friendly. Nice themed atmosphere.
3	Fish n chips is good...but..... The SERVICE of the waitress is so awful that i cant even leave a tip coz it hurts me.....waitress on daylight bfore 4pm ...so watch her out...
4	I can't believe I didn't come here earlier.  This is perfect bar atmosphere.  The bar is a solid area, and it has a nice dining area that's carpeted off to the side.  And, the bathrooms were clean.  Granted, I came at lunch time on a Wednesday, but that bears mentioning.For lunch, I had the famous chicken fingers.  They did not disappoint.  Solid breading, but not greasy or overly thick.  Herbs in the breading was unique.  I wasn't crazy about the fries.  They are your basic thick fries.  I doused them in salt, pepper, and vinegar, but that didn't do much.  I just don't like the huge fries, but in a pub that's what they serve so I should get over it.  The chicken tenders live up to the hype, and the bar was fantastic.  I'll be back.
5	Dude. The atmosphere of this place is top notch. The food, and drink is excellent. Monday's are all you can eat fish and chips, and it's probably the best in town. They are a great place, if you love watching soccer, you will be in ultimate heaven.
3	Decent draft selection. Nice "real" place off the strip. Great place to get out of the sun and enjoy a few pints in the afternoon.
4	This is the undiscovered part of Vegas that should be known. I like the food & the atmosphere. The waitresses are uber sexy and the decor is classic British.  Very good fish & chips done right with a side of peas so the food is home style. Unfortunately, it suffers from a weird layout and it being in a shitty neighborhood. They do offer a British black taxi to pick you up from your hotel or house. Good parking too. Just watch your back & your wallet going in & out due to the crime ridden area its in.  If you're a beer drinker,then you'll like the "Down The Hatch" club which one has to earn to be in. I do like this place alot & will go there again.
5	They have two locations that I know of. This one is by UNLV and the other is in China Town (I haven't gone to that one yet).I love coming here for fish & chips. The slice of cod is huge and it comes with a side of fries and peas. If you're like me and don't like peas, you can have them get you some extra fries instead at no extra charge. The fish is not overly battered, I love the batter though, so I would love to have more of it, but the fish more than makes up for it. I've also had their chicken tenders, which is your average chicken tenders, but they're pretty good. They're the typical ones you find in the frozen section of your grocery store. At least to me that's what they taste like. I always get a pint a beer with whatever I'm ordering, unless it's the middle of the day, but I'm here usually at night. It's a very friendly environment and they have several draft beers and also some bottled ones. This one is close to UNLV and since I'm always at UNLV this is the place I go to when I want some good dinner and a beer nearby before heading home. It's not quiet or loud, but has this nice vibe to it, at least to me. It is a bit dark inside but it gives you the feeling of a real pub.
5	The burly bartender comped me a free drink because I came inside sick! Horrays!Until I came here I was giving up on looking for a legitimate UNLV Student hangout. I had the assumption that outside of campus, they either split up to do their own thing or went to Frat and Sorority parties instead. Almost half the people inside are attending, attended, or will attend UNLV. It's great to hang out with people my age. Also the atmosphere is somewhat divey, however, not bummish! It is however, British, and it is LEGITIMATELY British because they serve ales that, according to my older brother, is primarily served as favorites in the United Kingdom such as Hoegaarden. Havn't heard that one have you? Hoegaarden is the predecessor of Blue Moon and dates back by 600 years. It's Belgian White production was restarted in the middle of the 20th Century. My brother is coming back with his overseas coworkers from the U.K. and he is definitely bringing all of them over here!
5	Really great little place.  Lovely chips and curry sauce!  Friendly staff, like a true pub as I remember from my time in England.
5	Crown is the best! Great food and 30 beers on tap. I go here all the time and have had most things on the menu. If you are looking for English food I love the Cornish pasty but if you just want bar food you can't go wrong with the burger. Unlv students get a burger and a beer for $10 on Tuesdays, or every night after midnight for non-students . This is an awesome deal considering you get a huge burger with bacon, cheese, and a big portion of fries. I'd pay at least $12 for the burger alone, the beer is just icing on the cake. Excellent service and a great atmosphere. Patio is great on warm summer nights.
5	When you are looking for a true pub- this is it!  In Las Vegas, if you get here, you are out of the tourist scene. Things slow down here, the food is good, the beer and scotch list extensive. It's just a down home pub that serves good food.
2	I usually love coming to this place, the atmosphere is always fantastic and usually the same applies for the food and.service: but today it was leaving. My bangers and mash was so-so, and while our waitress was nice enough, she had no enthusiasm and we waited for her to come and take our check (which needed to be fixed due to a mistake first), for at least 15 minutes. Not sure I'll be making the trip down here again anytime soon.
3	It had been so long since I had visited Crown and Anchor.  Great ambiance, dimly lit and full of pub style decor.  It was a Saturday night and a friend and I decided to stop for a drink.  We sat at the empty bar and ordered a drink.  The bartender not too friendly which by how busy it was you would think he'd be excited to have some visitors.Anyways, I was suprised to not see alot of people here.  I love the ambiance.  The best part was we moved our little party outside.  The weather was perfect and it sits right along the side of street where you can watch the cars go by.  Little white lights line the patio-super cool.  I love outdoor seating (sigh)-especially when the weather is good.  I do want to come back and try the food.  I also think it is a good spot to have a party...the ambiance is perfect for bringin in a good group of peeps and they have alot of seating.  See ya soon!
4	I have never been to England to see what a real British Pub is like, but I very much hope it is like this one.For an appetizer, my party shared a "Giant Yorkshire Pudding".  My mother had a British boyfriend when I was young and she made him Yorkshire pudding. This one was better than some I've had, but not as good as "Mom used to make". But since those weren't authentically "Authentic" it's tough to deduct points for it.  They got cold quick, but that was probably because of the "Giantness" Probably the best Scotch Eggs I've ever had are here. And you can get them cold OR warm (I personally recommend warm).I also had the Fish and Chips (Since I was going for "The Classic" British Style) and they were good.  Just one fish, but it was a pretty big fillet, so no complaints.We finished it off with Sticky Toffee Pudding which was great!Through all of this, the ONE waitress kept on top of a pretty busy place.  Considering she was the only one waiting tables her performance was extraordinary. Though as an understandable side effect, service was a bit slow and a member of the party never got the coffee she ordered with the Pudding.I wish I was in Vegas more often so I could stop in more often. I do hope to come back the next time I'm in town.One other side note.. They do have a "Pet Friendly Patio" so you can bring your pet for a meal outside.(PS: Due to some drunkenness, I checked in twice.  I've only been here once. The second check in is wishful thinking. Unless it is very far in the future and I've been here more than twice.  In which case, subtract one)
4	I had a good experience for each time I visited. The staff is friendly and very efficient. The quality of the food is good, and I cannot complain about the prices. I recommend this place for anyone wanting a pub environment or a late night drink.
2	Cute place, great fish and chips. 2.5 stars is my real real rating.No comps, super tight poker. We played 150 dollars and paid for beers, lame. Service was rushed and the waitress kissed our asses at the end. The coke was flat in my two rum and cokes.Not a bad place, but not gaming friendly.
2	Nice beer selection & cheap food.  They have Chimay on draft, however they no longer offer this in the beers that they will comp for players.We've taken part in their Thursday Night Trivia Challenge twice, but it's rather disappointing due to disorganization and it's impossible to understand the announcer because of faulty audio equipment.
4	Friendly staff, great selection of beer, and great food. What else could you ask for?
4	Great beers, good food and fun environment. If you haven't been to the Crown you're missing out!
1	Carpet has intense odor of beer/other things spilled on it.  If you like microwave frozen food, you'll love it here.  There's something "going on" in this place, like if I found out that there was 400 pounds of marijuana in the basement, it wouldn't surprise me. I think this is a hang out for local residents that are not allowed in casinos.
4	Cozy bar with lots of English beers on tap. Bartender has a "Locals Only" chip on his shoulder but was gratious and pleasant. Monday night all-you-can-eat Fish N Chips. Good drinking hole for those who prefer Vegas the city, not The Strip.
4	I like to watch English Premier League soccer here a couple of times a year.Great beer selection on draft and decent food.  The only drag is that it is a bit dusty in there, but it is not a dive.I like the bangers and mash, fish and chips, ploughman's lunch, and Sheppard's pie.
2	Went there on a Saturday night for beers after a day moving with friends. The beer selection is great, and they have a happy hour from 3 to 6. The waitress did not let us know of the special and by the time we realized the special, she reappeared 5 minutes too late. She was, however, nice.The place feels overall unclean. The good reviews on the walls from past times only added to my impression that the pub is falling apart. Ambiance was dive-bar like, and they have spotlights instead of regular lights if you like to constantly feel like you're a stage performer.To top it off, no hard liquor allowed in the gaming areas.I just feel like the owner stopped trying. A shame as it has great potential.
2	I had to give 2 stars based on my latest experience.  3 of us stopped by for Saturday morning breakfast at 9:30am today and encountered a lady bartender who could not have been more rude.   The bar/pub had 7 customers - four at two tables and three at bar.  We waited for five minutes to be seated (per the sign) and when she didn't acknowledge us, I asked if we could grab one of the 8-10 empty tables.  She asked us to wait and went on doing paperwork and tidying up behind the bar.  After another 5 minutes we decided to leave.  C&A needs to talk to their staff or get friendlier people.I gave two stars because I remember how good the food used to be!
3	The only factor that makes this dive a three for me is that it is a soccer bar. The food is woeful (there is a reason British food is difficult to find: it is terrible), the atmosphere is the definition of dank, it is not comfortable, the service is indifferent, and it should be cheaper for the dive that it is. But it has soccer and a lovely beer selection.
4	My boyfriend and I went to this place for the first time after talking about wanting to go for years. It is a really laid back pub with English decor and nice waitresses. We both ordered onion rings to start and then an order of fish and chips. The onion rings were huge with crispy batter making it the biggest onion rings I've ever seen. The fish and chips were awesome too, just what I expected. The waitress forgot to mention to us before we got the onion rings that Mondays are all you can eat fish and chips day, otherwise we would have eaten more. My boyfriend is a big beer fan and said he liked their beer menu! Overall, I really like this place! Remember, fish and chips are all you can eat on Mondays!!
5	This is my favorite pub anywhere! I grew up in Las Vegas and started coming to the Crown and Anchor in the late 90s for the all you can eat fish and chips.  The food is amazing, but the service is somewhat slow at times.  I have since moved to Los Angeles, but everytime I'm back home to visit, I must make a stop into the Crown and Anchor. Bottom line, great food, good price, fun atmosphere.
3	Great food. Sometimes slow service. Love that they are open 24/7 and service food at all hours. I Read a review about the place falling apart and being unclean. That has not been my  experience. It has always been clean no matter what time I have been in. And in no way comes close to a Divebar feel. Over all, you need to try it for yourself.
4	I found this place on Yelp! They were SPOT ON!!! The FIsh and Chips are Crunchy, light and Delicious! I always ask for an extra piece of Fish because one is just not enough for me. If you are a Chicken finger lover-you came to the right place! We eat here at least 2X a month!!!
2	We have been in twice in the previous month to get a British staple: Fish & Chips.The first time, we were not told it was AYCE until I saw the sign on our way out. My fish was cooked alright, smallish portions for the price, but not a horrible meal, just a bit overpriced for one serving.This go around, we ordered the AYCE Fish & Chips and hoped for a filling meal. For over two hours we were at Crown & Anchor, we received our first PIECE of fish, granted, the one piece per plate was fairly substantial. However, it was still just one piece. Shortly after devouring that one piece, my stomach was screaming for more food. It was not until we had been at C&A for over an hour the second piece made its way out. That was it. Two pieces of fish in two hours. I feel places like this should change the name from "All You Can Eat" to "All We Decide To Serve".Also, if you are a bar/restaurant... HOW DO YOU RUN OUT OF GLASSES?! The place was not even full and our server apologized multiple times for not being able to bring out drinks in a timely fashion and our friends that wanted a glass of ice to go with their bottled drinks could not have one because, "We're out of glasses." Seriously? There is a serious problem when a bar does not have enough glasses to cover a moderately busy night.
5	We love coming here once a week with our pit bull Zeus.  They have an outdoor area perfect for dogs that is fenced in.  It's ideal and hard to find in this city.  The service is always great.  My husband loves the chicken fingers and fries.  I love their English Garden Salad.  I have never had a bad meal here.  When we come for breakfast which is served all day, they always bring Zeus some extra bacon and a sausage.  He loves this place.
4	If you are looking for an authentic British pub you found it. Sausage rolls amazing, scotch eggs and fish & chips good. I come here everytime I come to Vegas.
5	Great food great beer great atmosphere
1	I went there on Friday 10-11-13 around 5 PM.  No one was there to greet and seat.  When we finally were seated, we waited a long time just to get a drink.  Then noticed that a part outside was getting all the attention.  You know how that goes, larger parties, larger tips!!!!  So after waiting nearly 15 minutes for anyone to even come and take our order we left.  This was the worst service I ever experienced, anywhere.  And it wasn't like it was busy or anything.  That should have been a hint right there.  And the menu selection was pretty limited as well.  What British Pub doesn't even have Shepherds Pie for crying out loud.  Don't waste your time.
1	Sorry but you are in VEGAS and I have to go to a table and order food to be served liquor? We had just had a great dinner and great drinks elsewhere, decided we wanted to go have a few drinks and some fun. Found this place, went up to the bar ordered a round of Jamisons which we were told we could only have if we had a table and ordered food. Ended up having a round of beer and leaving with a very very unhappy date.
4	I've lived in Vegas for 9 years. For some reason, I had not made it over here until recently. I've been to most of the well known dive bars and pubs around town. This place has a solid beer selection. The staff is very friendly. Adam is very cool and makes you feel nice and relaxed. The vibe is always upbeat and chill. The food is very tasty! If I had to complain about anything(it's a small one)...it would be the need for a few more upper end craft beers. They have a solid selection...but with the addition of a few more Belgians or sours and it would be great!
5	Yay for local bars in Las Vegas!!!I am a huge fan of the clubs and the crazy business of downtown Las Vegas, but nothing feels better than going back to your roots and just kicking your feet up at a good ol' fashin bar.The company here is great, none of that gliz-n-glam that sometimes we just need a break from... a huge selection of beer is always a bonus! (big beer drinker). I have only gone here a few times and the bartender is always the same dude and he seems to remember everyone!!! Oh, and their food here is great too and at a good price.****Will keep returning again and again and again*****
5	I was in town for business a couple years ago and found the location convenient and close. The food is great and the atmosphere even better. If you want to take a step away from the lights and craziness of the strip, The Crown is your spot. Laid back, low key and great prices.
5	The bartenders are all easy to talk to, and they treat you right. The beer selection is pretty great, and the food is as well. They show Premier League and MLS matches as well as other American leagues. The atmosphere is what really gets me to come in, and everyone is friendly, even the customers. I highly recommend this for anyone looking for an authentic pub atmosphere.
5	I have lived lifetimes in the place. Great place to take years off your life, it's all worth it. Atmosphere, food, drinks, gambling. Heaven.
3	I came here when I would go to UNLV, this place is a good place to hang out if you need to kill 2 or more hours in-between classes, they have big screen TVs everywhere and the food isn't that bad.
5	Arriving here with some friends and relieved I could get off the Strip to some local destinations, I entered a very divey smoke-filled bar. Parking was easy. One portion was a sit down area, while the other area was legitimately a bar with booze, cigarettes, and televisions a plenty. My friends and I were quickly seated and waited upon by a incredibly friendly staff. Considering it was a Thursday night, we anticipated a heavy college crowd, but were surprised to find it half-full. After a round of drinks, dinner was ordered. My selection was the chicken curry. I ordered as-is and found the dish to be quite kicking. The medium-sized chicken cuts were doused with a thin yellow sauce. The sauce is what made the dish kick. Unable to figure out whether what made it kick outside of any curry taste, I was baffled and prayed that my stomach wouldn't hurt later. It didn't. The dish, while seemingly small for the famished, ended up being very filling. Complemented by chicken tenders, I was very full and quite happy. Consider this place if you're bored and want to get out of Vegas, and have a dinner with the locals. Without all the shiny, materialistic, commercialized stuff.
2	Stopped by for lunch. It is a small pub. Didn't feel very clean & the chairs had rips in them, the server was working her ass off, she had a huge table she was working on plus us and a few others tables. The wait could have been better. I ordered a coke, it was flat. I ordered the British Burger which I have to say was delicious. Very flavorful & filling. My friend got the pulled pork sliders and she loved them as well. In closing, food is good, service could be better & the dining room could use a little sprucing up.
5	As a frequenter of Vegas, this is easily the best local bar in the whole town. I love starting/ending my nights here. With a great selection of beer and a surprisingly tasty menu, I can't get enough of this place. The bartenders are awesome and definitely take care of you. The regulars are friendly. Having not grown up in Vegas and my parents moving there 7 years ago when I was 18, I didn't have any friends when I go to visit them until I discovered Crown & Anchor. My first night there I walked in by myself and met some new friends and a few girls and ended up staying until 10AM full of shots. Awesome time every time. As many times as I try other places, I always just come right back to C&A.
1	Every few months I go to the eastside Crown & Anchor for fish and chips.  Sometimes it's good, sometimes the fried fish is greasy.  Yesterday I had someone visiting, so I also bought bangers.  The menu said that it came with beans and homemade mashed potatoes.  I love homemade mashed potatoes, and these were not even close to being homemade.  They weren't even close to being potatoes.  They were thin, watery and almost translucent -- like the worst mixture of cheap, non-brand fake instant.  And the beans barely covered the bottom of a container of a size that usually holds a squirt of ketchup.
4	Been looking for good authentic fish and chips. I really enjoyed it. Staff are nice too.
1	First time i have ever done this, but i felt like i had to. I was in town for a week and while here looked online for good places to eat. Crown and Anchor showed up so we decided to give it a try. We came in on Monday night for the all you can eat. First off they need to update their prices online, for the amounts are different. To get on with the story though we walked right in and were able to sit down immediately which was nice. The waitress was at our table within 2 min or so and we ordered beverages and our food right away. My friends water was there within 3-5min or so, my coke however took almost 20 min to show up. After that it took another 20 min for our fish (keep in mind this was AYCE so the fish should be ready quick. After getting our fish, i kid you not it was 40 min before our waitress even stopped back needless to say we had been waiting and trying to ask her for fish for 20min at least. We talk to her and fish is there then somehow within only 5 min. It was then another 20 before we see her again and ask for our check. For anyone that took the time to read this, i really hope that we were an exception and nobody else goes through this. The service as a whole sucked. The people on either side sucked (relationship fighting, and a guy talking in a terrible British accent). In whole dinner took around 2 hours. The reason this even gets 1 star is that yes the Fish and Chips were very authentic. I will not be going back, but if you are willing go ahead and give it a try.
5	I loved the food and the atmosphere. The service was great and even though it was loud because it happened to be karaoke night, it was great
4	My party of six wanted to enjoy the Super Bowl together and were lucky enough to find this gem. Wonderful assortment of beer. Great menu (Don't leave without having the scotch egg) of traditional faire (better add Yorkshire pudding to your order as well), great service -- the skirts rock too! Thanks again! Hopefully this trip and your restaurant becomes tradition.
3	As stereotypical British pub.  They have all the classics here.  Staffed by women virtually in costume, they were nonetheless very attentive and friendly.  I was unimpressed by the steak and kidney pie, but organ meat is difficult to prepare.  The other dishes at the table were great.  A favorable selection of draft beers was nice, but they were poured in the American style, which takes off points for style. Not a fan of the bar, which has those reprehensible integrated gaming systems, but that is a personal pet-peeve. All in all, I'd go back with friends if they want a pub night, but not otherwise.
4	This is a great spot with lots to offer and good, traditional food and beer. Personally, the beer cocktails tend to have my heart here. And let's not forget about the classic fish and chips. The chicken fingers are pretty tasty too. And if you're into meat pies, there are some good ones here. The service is always friendly and fairly attentive. Parking can be tight when it's crowded. The bar area is nice. The restaurant area is ho-hum, but not cramped.They have karaoke one night of the week, trivia one night of the week, etc. So there's always something going on here. While close to UNLV, it's definitely not too much of a college crowd.I tend to be here more often for lunch than anything else. Lunch here is fab as it's usually practically empty.All in all, probably the best British pub in Vegas.
3	The Monday night special, all the fish & chips you can eat. Well, the first delivery is very fresh and perfect in taste. If you order any refills, it's not the same batch. It taste like an obviously frozen piece so only order the regular meal and do not get the all you cannot eat deal.Service is nice and eating outside was great too.
5	I love the character of this place and AYCE Fish n chips Mondays! good selection of beers and definitely a spot to visit in Vegas. from the old school euro car parked outside to the White House that looks like it came from a fairy tale story but full with alcohol, beer and good food. it's a gaming bar but they have tables to dine in. they also have two dart boards in the back for friendly wagers but the highlight on my visit was the fish n chips. It was moist, flakey and crunchy batter with some steak fries. Rumor has it that they have some of the best chicken fingers so I might try those next visit. Try it out! You won't be dissapointed.
3	Not the place it used to be. It has turned into a "bro" bar. Now it's a college bar, which makes sense for the location. Still, it used to be better. So sad.
3	Good beer at amazing prices compared to the Strip.  Very close to the pinball museum.  The bartenders were not friendly at all.  I can now say I have tried a Scotch Egg, and I can also say I will never try it ever again.  Ew.
5	Went to watch the Rebel game.  We started with chicken fingers - crispy crunchy excellence!  Next up was the Steak and Mushroom Pie. The steak and mushrooms were waiting below the buttery crust in a delicious sauce.  Love the atmosphere at Crown and Anchor.  The service was great even though they were busy for the LV Weekly event.  And with over 30 choices on draught - you can't go wrong!
3	Went here with my wife for lunch and had a great time.  I wanted a british beer so I just told the waitress to surprise me and that she did.  It was excellent.  I ordered the fish and chips and was not disappointed.  HUGE chunks of fish and it was light and flaky and I enjoyed the heck out of it.  My wife on the other had ordered a lamb stew that was very very lamby, and I love lamb but when I tasted it, it made me jerk my head.  I had that lamb smell in my nose so I had to chow down on my fish and vinegar goodness.  It was fun though.
5	I'm pretty sure they fry food in unicorn piss because it's magical!  All of it - chicken fingers, onion rings, mozzarella sticks, etc. You can go wrong. I had a steak and mushroom pie and the crust was...you guessed it, magical. Our waitress was Tracy she was super sweet and attentive.
3	I HATE GIVING THREE STARS . . . but this place was just average for me.  I was hoping that this place would be bigger than life with lot going on . . . a great staff . . . lots to do . . . and plenty to drink.Well one out of four gets you three stars, but only because it was the PLENTY TO DRINK . . . service was slow, even though the place was dead . . . I would like to think that there are times when this place really gets rocking . . . I just know if it will ever be when I'm in town.Return trip possible . . . yes . . . but at this point only because of the drink selection.
3	Fun bar my local Vegas friends took me to away from the Strip. It was great to go away from the hustle, bustle and tourism and come here. I didn't hear a lick of British while I was here though. Maybe next time.Service was unbearably slow, although my friends assured me this usually isn't the case so I'll take their word for it.For both food and beer, the portions are giant. You definitely get your money's worth. I liked the variety of British food, but just wanted some chicken wings. Like I said, huge portion size and number. I had a good 8-9 wings. I was a little disappointed that the sauce came on the side, although it was just hot sauce (and also ranch).The crowd was lively for a Thursday night, although the television audio wasn't on (because it was college basketball?)
5	Love this spot, always have a great time going here, sooooo many great beers on tap and love playing darts!!
5	I have been visiting the crown and anchor for 10 years and it never fails to be delicious. I have had everything the menu but I always end up ordering the fish and chips repeatedly. Also, this is one of the only places in town that pours Guinness the proper way. Thanks and I'll be back for at least another 10. Cheers!
5	Great fish n chips. Very fresh!  The batter is amazing, nice and crunchy. .it left me wanting another order..
4	I had lunch with some friends here for a soccer game a couple months ago.  The atmosphere provides a British/European flavor to it.  I've watched world cup games here before and the world cup watching atmosphere is great.  Service was excellent and the dining room waitress was attentive.  She was nice enough to switch the TV to another Champions League game for us.I really like the fish and chips.  The only better version I've had is when I ate lunch by the sea in Ireland at a restaurant that made the fish from the morning's catch.  The chicken fingers are at or near the best I've had for that dish in Las Vegas.  The beer selection is excellent and you can get a lot of english beers that are not readily available at other bars in Las Vegas.This bar is a great place for on-strip tourists to get a flavor of off-strip and a great place for locals.  May want to pass on this bar if you don't like crowds and it is around world cup time (especially an England game or St. Patricks day).
3	Its a cute little british pub with a cute little front patio which is nice on a breezy summer evening. I love to go here while out on a night on the town and stop in for a Pyramid apricot ale along with a scotch egg with some hollandaise sauce. So good!
5	Have a beer or two or few. Eat delicious fish and chips and practice hitting a bullseye. No betting though, LOL
4	I'm going to try to write this without sounding too snooty (I lived in the UK for three years). Great atmosphere, plenty of parking, decent prices, an outdoor pet-friendly patio and a zillion interesting imported beers. The fish and chips was okay, however I'd say it's got nothing on the real thing found in the UK (or even New England). Also, I never knew anyone to wear kilts in England (like the waitresses to here); that's a Scottish thing. I'd be interested to try the Sunday afternoon dinner though!
3	Strike 1 right off the bat their website homepage says $1 pbrs Sunday night. I order one and they tell me its now $2 and the website hasn't been updated. Strike 2- almost 40 minutes later for my food to come out and I watch as the now off duty bartender gets served his food first, this after he ordered his meal 20 minutes after mine. Strike 3 food arrives and I'm given an excuse that there was a large table that ordered before me; there's only 1 other table ordering food in this whole place. The strike is because of course my meal is cold! The bun was toasted a long time ago and since dried out and the chicken tasted of burnt grill and is dried out. The bartender saw my disgust and offered to refire me a new one. Miraculously a new hot fresh sandwich and fries arrived in under 2 minutes and am told oh yea the cook said your original order may not have been right..... The refire is hot, fresh and tasty but unfortunately my rating still stands because of the 3 strikes. I did get an apology and handshake from the bartender on my way and that speaks for a lot but I can't get over all of the above.
1	Service was very slow. 20 minutes to brew a pot of coffee. Waitress took our order 5 minutes after delivering the coffee. 10 more minutes to deliver our meal. We both ordered fish and chips. Lots of large fries, lots of green peas, small single piece of fish. The fish was mediocre at best. Crispy breading but virtually  tasteless. In fact quite ordinary. We will not return.
4	Best fish and chips I've eaten. The service was spotty. The place is in a real need for a makeover.
5	Great spot for lunch with a pint. And they have a doggie friendly patio. I will be bringing Shadow with me next time!
2	The restaurant was rated by Restaurant.com and Yelp by many people as having the "best fish & chips in Las Vegas," which is in no way the truth.  I ordered the fish and chips, which came with baked beans and "fresh" peas, and my friend ordered a lamb stew with yorkshire pudding.  Sounds tasty, huh?  Keep reading...  Well, the fish was NOT seasoned at all.  Although the crust was crunchy, the cod fillet was drenched in grease.  Next, the baked beans were flavorless and obviously canned.  Finally,  my peas tasted like they were once frozen, but they had an old, dry and starchy taste.  They, too were not seasoned at all.  In the end, if you like fried fish, I would recommend FRESHLY prepared Long John SIlvers to this...OR even visiting the "hole in the wall" in Northtown called Marios Market (MLK/Lake Mead).  The catfish there is AMAZING and made with love.Now, my friend ordered the lamb stew prepared in a yorkshire pudding bowl.  Would you believe the stew was NOT lamb, but BEEF (my friend is a trained chef...he knows!)  ANYONE who eats lamb can recognise its distinctive, slightly gamey flavor).   And when it arrived at the table in the yorkshire pudding bowl, the stew was cool inside the bowl...as if the "chef" hadn't microwaved it long enough.  Really?!  How long had THAT been sitting around!  Even the yorkshire pudding was soggy and old, like it was made a few days ago.So, when we informed the waitress that the stew contained beef instead of lamb, she trotted off, frustrated, and returned 15 minutes later and said..."Yep...the chef says it's lamb.  YOU can SAY it's beef all day long...but I'M TELLING you it's lamb."  When I asked her if she had ever eaten lamb before, she responded "No...I don't like stuff like that.  But the chef told me the stew was made with lamb."  Hmmm.The waitress then grew rude and condescending, as if she was exasperated by our inquiries.  At least she replaced my friend's "lamb" stew with a dry, overcooked steak sandwich, which was again unseasoned.  Some "chef" they have at the Crown & Anchor, huh?!What's most disappointing about my experience at the Crown & Anchor British Pub was that I'd been wanting to visit this place for some time now.  I love fish and chips, and I've seen theirs touted as being so delicious.  Hogwash!  They must be paying people to post those comments.I would NEVER go there again...or recommend any friend to do so either.  It was a 2 on a scale of 1-10.  What a waste of time and money.
4	I had lunch here with work folks. Had the bangers and mash and they had fish and chips. Was good with decent service. Only wish I had a beer to wash it down but maybe next time. Noticed several customers with a British accent so that was a good sign.
5	Being born and raised in England I've had plenty of Sunday roasts so wanted to try this one. We both ordered half beef and lamb. My wife makes great Yorkshire puddings and we have a special pan that makes oversize ones but doesn't compare to the pub ones ( gigantic). For $14 portions were generous, so generous we had enough to heat up later. Not sure about the slow service reviews as our was as good as it gets ( Carra?). I normally drink Bass in pubs but this one didn't quite hit the spot. Blame my taste buds. Switched to a refreshing cider. Would eat and drink here again.
4	Love me some crown and anchor. The last 2 times I have been in I get the chicken fingers and fries. These are some of the best chicken fingers around. Really good. This also a good place to grab a drink and hang out with friends. If you are a soccer fan there almost always seems to be a game on. If you like fish and chips Monday night is your night. It's all you can eat fish and chips. This are also very good. Last but not least Thursday night at this location is bad singer night. If you like to karoke than this is the place to be. If you like hearing your favorite song ruined also the place to be. I am a fan of crown and anchor.
3	Best atmosphere in Las Vegas to watch the World Cup and it's awesome that its patio is dog-friendly. Maybe cause I'm not and English-food connoisseur but the food is not my cup-of-tea (pun slightly intended). The beer selection is great. The service is sporadic. Sometimes it's great; sometimes not so much. The blond haired buff dude and the auburn haired lady are some of the worst bartenders I've had. Then again the blond lady bartender with the British or Australian accent is awesome.  Oh, and southern blond cocktail waitress was outstanding. I have a love hate relationship with this bar. It's great at some aspects and not so much at others. I will probably go back but only during soccer events and at-least I know which cocktail waitresses and bartenders are good then I can be a bit choosy. I kind of wish they had some level of service standards so that at a minimum you know that the basics of service are attained.
2	Meh... It's really dark so it makes me suspicious of the food. I remember liking this place... but perhaps I was just drunk. Went there today with some friends to eat dinner and shoot some darts. No flights on any of the darts... so bring your own. The food was too greasy, too much cumin spice and the potatoes where cold, gravy tasted like brown envelope gravy and the peas where cold. I really wish they had good food because I really like the pasties crust. The severs are nice, but the wait time for food was long. Probably not going to come here again. Going to find a better pub for pasties.
4	Had lunch today.  Fish and chips. Great bar service with a pretty lady with an awesome personality.   Games are good and a very  wide choice of draft beers.  Plenty of tv's.  Love it!
1	Cute atmosphere, horrible service. We sat down at a table and waited 25 minutes. We were never acknowledged even though the waitress sat down at the table next to us and had a conversation with the party. She came and went at least 3 times and never stopped to ask if we had been helped.
5	I've frequented the Crown & Anchor since I was a college student at UNLV, and it remains to this day one of my favorite bars in Las Vegas. The bartender, Rob, was amazing. He took care of my friend and I, and he was extremely courteous and friendly. Our server Jess was also amazing, providing us with top-notch service. It was just another fine example of the service I receive at the Crown & Anchor.
4	The service is usually terrible, but it's such a fun place. They have real cork dart boards and great beer on tap. Go Monday for the all you can eat fish and chips.
4	Really enjoyed myself here! The staff were very polite and on top of there game. The place was filled with a bunch of people drinking beer and eating food. The wings were pretty good, and the beer prices were reasonable. I would come back for sure.
5	My favorite bar in Vegas! Great staff, food, and beer selection. Best fish and chips in town. Great place to watch sports, and the ONLY place to watch international soccer. Also love the uniforms.
4	We were in Vegas for my bachelor party and we were looking for a place a little bit off the strip with some good beers and decent food.  Crown and Anchor was that place for us.I am a chicken finger nut, so hearing that they were good here, got my attention.  We were also going to be watching the US world cup game against Germany, and we found out after the fact that C&A had made the Thrillist list for top 10 places to watch soccer in the US.  While it was a little warm, the atmosphere did not disappoint.My friends and I sat up a little upstairs nook to watch the game.  We all ordered the chicken fingers before the kitchen closed, as they were grilling burgers for the crowd that day.  The service was pretty good, given the number of people packed in the bar.  We got to try a good mix of beers and had a great time overall.
4	Better than 4 stars, but not 5.Fish and chips was jammin!  Icelandic cod!  Instead of bread, you can order a yorkshire pudding app.  Also, the handmade chicken fingers (yeah - they're known for this) was great.  That was also very good.  Apple cobbler dessert with bird pudding was very very good.Just wished I had enough room to try the scotch egg...Overall, this place is a good fun local restaurant.
4	Love the fish and chips here.  It's my go to place when I want a quiet break from work during lunch.  The service is always friendly and the food is great.  Maybe someday I'll venture to the bar :)
3	Good food. Fish and chips were great. 2 issues. Fish pieces were too big and they put the veggies on the same plate as the fish and chips, so everything got soggy. Great server - Lauren. Would come back again.
5	Great place for lunch and after work drink. Can't go wrong with bangers and mash and a pint of Guinness!!
3	Fun atmosphere to watch soccer games at. The food was whatever.
3	The decor was nice , it reminded me of a British pub back home.  The bartender was really nice.The food on the other hand was something else.My husband got fish and chips which he said was an 3 out of 5. He has has better and worse.I ordered the BIG Yorkshire Pudding. I was SO disappointed. It not only was burnt , but was TOTALLY HOLLOW in the middle.  Not ok at allThe Plomans lunch was nothing to write home about also not what I remember growing up. The chips and butty. Was Good.. For $43 dollars it to me WAS NOT worth it ..SORRY
2	Went here last night and did not have an enjoyable experience. After waiting for more than ten minutes to be acknowledged at the bar I was yelled at by the WWE looking "bartender" for trying to order a vodka cran. He abruptly yelled "no, you can't have that. We only do wine and beer at the bar."  Fair enough, but post a sign or be nice explaining that to your customers. Especially when you are working for tips. Also, the interior is completely run down and disgusting.
4	good food, good drinks, good times
5	I've been coming to the Crown & Anchor since I was five years old.  My parents discovered it when we first moved to Vegas many years ago, and we enjoyed it quite well.  I guess we sort of forgot about it for a while, because we stopped going for several years.  However after I started attending UNLV a few years ago, I rediscovered the place after realizing it was so close to the campus.  I would highly recommend the Steak and Mushroom pie, and you definitely can't go wrong with the fish and chips either.  The staff are very friendly, I'm always seated quickly, and the wait for food usually isn't too long.  Most recently, Jess was my waitress and she was very friendly and attentive.  I'm a serviceman, but unfortunately they don't offer military discounts, something that I would appreciate seeing.  However, they do offer discounts for UNLV personnel which I take advantage of.  The ambience is casual and a little old fashioned (which I like), and it makes for a great stop at just about any time of day or night.  The music usually isn't too loud, so your not struggling to carry on a conversation with the person next to you.  I also enjoy looking at the Naval-oriented artwork and decoration on the walls and ceiling, it only adds to the authenticity of the pub.All in all, its a great place to grab a meal, a drink, and a chat!
3	The place was popping but the food was pooping. The service was good. The place was busy. Our food was horrible. I have been going to crown for about 10 years and haven't been there in 2 years until today. I talked about how awesome the fish and chips were and it was just mediocre and missing a filet. Honestly, I only got one filet that was a greased up hunk of cod with frozen french fries severed along with frozen rare peas for $13. Then my wife had cottage pie and it tasted like ground beef without seasoning in cheap gravy topped with basic mash potatoes and different well done frozen peas. Honestly the peas were two different colors on our two plates. I would go back to drink but not to eat until they get there stuff together again. I have are there back in the day of the "best fish and chips in vegas" and miss that. I talked about it and talked about and got let down. I actually left hungry and unable to eat my wife's entree.... If I was single I would make it a "Go To Spot" for the young drunk college girls that are over served, stumbling around, and easy pray. Glad to see that crowd back at crown!
4	Weve been going to vegas for 15 years and just discovered this place last wrek. We went specifically for the fishn chips because the fish weve been getting at Ellis island is so greasy!  Our fish was delicious! We just got one piece but it was a big ass fat piece crispy, lightly battered and most delicious. Steak fries were yummy and they have what tasted like the make it yourself ranch dressing, yum! Peas had no seasoning but not a big deal salt and pepper were right there on the table! Our server Tracy was fantastic and treated us well, we will most definately be back. They also have Pepsi products as most places do when you get off the strip. Well done Crown, well done. Now if they would just take down those redskin banners...Lol
1	As regular (and once happy!) customers of the Crown & Anchor, I thought it would be nice to watch The Grand National over a few pints and some breakfast with my wife who'd never seen the event before and had been looking forward to it for a week prior to the event. We usually visit with friends, family and anybody else we can find to bring along! It's a great atmosphere and worth paying a little extra for the imported draughts! As I'm a British and a US citizen, living in Las Vegas, we thought it would be a nice start to the day as the race started at 8:15am here.I tried calling the pub three times before arriving to check if you were showing the race on TV, but the telephone went to the answering machine each time. We arrived around 25 minutes before the race and asked a Mexican bartender working there if you would be showing the Grand National. She immediately replied "Yes, of course!". Without hesitation, we bought a pint and sat down looking the menu over for some breakfast!Several minutes passed and all the main televisions were still only displaying the Man U and Newcastle football game. We'd all but missed the pre-race commentary and race line-up, I finally had to asked what time she would be turning the TV over. She said "I'll change it in just a minute" and walked away. Five minutes before the race started (and after asking the cleaner/repair chap also because the bartender had disappeared on us), the bartender came over to our table and said "You wanted the Chelsea game?". I don't believe for one instant that she comprehended what I had asked before purchasing drinks. I told her that "we came to see The Grand National". She seemed confused and asked somebody else working there. Another lady in her early 30s came over and asked what we wanted. When I told her, she said something to the effect of "I don't understand, what's The Grand National?" having no idea what we were referring to.We were very disappointed. Not only did we miss the race (we arrived in plenty of time so that we'd have other options if it was not shown there), but we were lied to. We sat there feeling like idiots with drinks to accompany, quite frankly, nothing! It was also sad to hear that, in a British Pub, none of the workers currently working had any idea what a near two-century-old race even was!! So if you wondered why somebody left full drinks on the table, that was us. As regular customers, I think we will take our patronage elsewhere. I will just have to wait until my bi-annual trip back to the UK to experiences and delights that I am still missing.Regards,Sean
3	I've been going to try one of the Crown and Anchors for sometime and never got to stopping there.  I met friends the other night who suggested this for dinner and off we were.  They have been there several times and could reocmmend things.For an appetizer, I got a sausage roll, a spiced sausage wrapped and baked in a flaky pastry.  The sausage came sliced and was accompanied by a dish of mustard sauce that was excellent.  It really gave the sausage a nice flavor although it was good without the mustard.For the mains, all three of us got steak and kidney pie.  This was a first for me and I enjoyed it a lot.  The steak cubes were very tender and the kidney had a very smooth texture and was quite flavorful.  The pie was topped by a flaky crust and it was piping hot.  (Sweeney Todd fans will get that).  With the pie comes mashed potatoes and gravy and a healthy serving of peas.  It turns out to be a large and filling meal.Service was a little off.  One of my friends ordered water with her drink at the outset and was not brought it until near the end of the meal when she had to ask again.  Also, after being seated, the staff wasn't sure whose table it was until we asked.  I could easily be a fan of the Crown and Anchor but they have to be better with service.
3	This review is based more on the service rather than the food or atmosphere , we had a large group of people meeting for a going away party , and basically were just left hanging around , we had to move tables for ourselves , and when server did come by it was rushed !! I realize it's a busy place but if they know it's going to be busy shouldn't they staff more ? For those that ordered food the wait to get it was over an hour , seriously about an hour and 15 minutes !! Our server was argumentative , when we asked what the hold up was , and basically said " do you want it or not ? Half the group cancelled their orders , the others starved , decided to wait even longer for food that was mediocre at best , The beer selection was nice and I'm sure we would have spent more ( there were some drinkers in the group that just went to bar for their cocktails ) but with no one coming by often to check for empty cocktails I only had about 2 drinks in about 2 and half hours ( usually could have doubled that , lol ) after leaving there I went to a real bar and was served promptly , all in all though there was nothing here that would make me want to come back !!
5	I absolutely love this place, it's my favourite pub in Vegas. Food is great (I lived in the UK and this place serves almost authentic meals), staff is friendly and was very helpful when organizing my birthday party there. Will be going back shortly!
3	This place was recommended by a friend and we went for lunch. He raved about their fish & chips.We walk in and wait 5-6 mins at the podium. There was no one at the host stand. I finally walked into the kitchen and asked for help getting a seat!It took 10 mins for a waitress to come to our table. Food took 25 mins to arrive. The sodas were flat... no fizz or flavor.The food was mediocre at best. Greasy ass fish. Chips were ok. And the place was very dirty. Grease stains all over the back wall and 3" of dust on the back of the booth seats.Don't get me wrong. The place isnt terrible if you just want bar food.I would recommend if you want a quick bite. I do appreciate the response from staff.
2	I actually can't even believe I'm leaving this place two starters I've gone to both Crown and Anchor bars and they have both been horrible horrible experiences yucky boring food not to mention slow slow service overall just a dump!  It's kinda a place kids go to watch soccer and game on dirty machines.
2	Giving this place an extra star because our server was really sweet. We came with a large group of about 15 people and they sat us in the upstairs area next to a foreboding "Max. Occupancy: 9" sign. Luckily, we all survived the experience, but the service was exceptionally slow and the food was pretty disappointing. I thought you could never go wrong with fish & chips at a British pub, but mine didn't have any flavor at all. The server felt bad that we had to wait so long so she brought us all plates of "chip butties" which are just french fries on a buttered roll. Don't knock it til you try it... that was actually better than most of our meals.This place does seem fun as a bar since they had Monday night football on and people were very into it.
4	Have yet to try anything off the menu, but I love coming here just for the atmosphere. Great place to end a date or night out with friends. Service is friendly and the whole place is very casual and laid back. Worth a stop if you're over on that side of town.
1	Brought my wife here for lunch, the waitress looked at us and walked by us three times and made eye.contact each time (Erica) and finally I had to loudly call out "excuse me ms.!" To get her attention. After we got our orders my meat and liver pie was great however everything else was terrible. The chicken was drie the mashed potatoes were dry, the peas werent thoroughly cooked and the service continued to be less than even average... I doubt Ill ever convince my wife to come here again...
5	Excellent bar experience. A bunch of wonderful beers on tap. I had the chicken fingers they claim to be handmade and are probably the best chicken fingers I've had in a bar in Las Vegas.
5	I just came here for lunch had 2 smithwicks but not before having chicken fingers. I asked them to make them as hot as they can possibly make it which still isn't it hot enough for me, none the less they are amazing. I also had the garlic sauteed mushrooms in lu of french frys. Please try them, they will brighten your day, way better than french frys.
5	Last time I was here was back in 93, hasn't changed much and neither has the fish n chips...outstanding as usual. I grew in the UK and familiar with pubs, this feels like home.
4	Wonderful place for a drink. Four ciders on tap. If you wear your scrubs on Wednesday you get a first free beer and discounts.
4	Finally! Some decent beers on tap! Odd that you can only drink beer at the bar; cocktails are allowed in the dining areas. Attentive staff. Good goth music the night I was there. Really near the Pinball Hall of Fame.
