3	Review Update: It had been about a year since I passed by Mi & Stu so I walked in today for their chocolate brownie and carrot cake muffin and was disappointed to find that I would have to buy 2xcarrot cake muffins (and not fresh - only frozen) and the fresh daily chocolate brownies cut rather small and are no longer wrapped with care with a little Mi & Stu label that list the contents (a bit of a no no in the land of specialty baked good stores methinks). I got home, steeped a nice pot of mint tea and unwrapped the brownie but the recipe seems to have changed as it was even more sugary than chocolate'y in my book and crumbled apart when I tried to take a bite. Still moist and with tiny chocolate chips but I won't be tempted as readily for this when next I pass by the store front. They still stock lots of gluten free bread and frozen to-go cakes, brownies etc. I'd be curious to hear a review of their other wares but don't fancy the trial and error investment in this case.    Prior Review:A very minimally decorated to-go bakery - threadbare atmosphere-wise but DANG delicious food-wise. I'm an omnivore who, from time to time, cleanses, modifies my diet and tries to figure out what things I'm allergic to. Well, if I go gluten free (but not sugar-free...) I will be a regular at Mi & Stu's. I picked up one of their gluten, dairy and peanut free chocolate brownies and it was amazing. Chewy, dark chocolate square of heaven. I recommend sharing it with a friend though because it is chock full o' sugar and the effects are felt almost immediately. ZAAAANG! For a less sugary but equally delicious option try the carrot cupcake. MIAM! I believe this one was vegan but you'd never know it...dense and moist and, well, scrumptious! Other items in demand, according to the bakers there, include the mock rye bread and gluten-free bagels. I'll be giving them a try next time!
5	I love Mi&Stu and I am so happy with their new place. I am gluten intolerant for two years now and in the beginning they litteraly saved my life. Gluten was not that popular and well indicated on food. I recommand this place to anyone who wants to be "normal". Try their cake or cupcake! Amazing!
4	Holy incredible brownies batwoman. Whether you are or are not gluten free these are Hulkify with happy, call upon the superheros good. My mouth is working just thinking about it. So dark chocolately and moist. Goodness gracious. And the gluten free chocolate chip cookies are buttery and home made tasting and freaking delish as well. Plus the ladies are hilarious, I recommend going to visit on a quiet Saturday and prepare to be cracked up. This is a small pretty storefront with a big kitchen behind where the team is pumping out gluten free goodness for lots of other celiac minded joints in town. You can get gluten free breads, prepared meals, biscotti, crackers, etc. Well worth a visit.
5	I traveled to Montreal from NY with my family last weekend. My mother-in-law is gluten, dairy, and egg free so finding baked goods for her is next to impossible. We made the trip for her birthday, and I wanted nothing more than to surprise her with a cake that she could actually eat. Thank goodness I found Mi & Stu! They were so helpful and accommodating and, the best part, my mother-in-law LOVED the gluten free vegan chocolate cake they made for her. It was so delicious, it was one of the best cakes I have every had (forget the vegan, gluten free part!) I hope that I have a excuse to return to Montreal and get something from Mi & Stu again soon!
