3	First time here! So far I have to say its pretty nice. Pretty busy too but no wait for me. Brought me right back and got started. Staff seems nice too. Gel manicure done french turned out great!
5	I got a mani and pedi and my legs have never felt soo smooth!  I got gel nail polish, which they warrenty for 2 weeks, i went back after a week and they fixed a few chips in the polish!  my mani and pedi only cost $50 and i had gel nail polish and a design on my toes with white tips. I think thats a pretty good deal compared to other salons in suprise...
4	Jackie offers Eyelash Extension.  Prices are very affordable and she is very professional.
4	I have always had great service and who doesn't love a spa pedicure complete with sugar scrub and hot stone massage? All for $20 too! You can also find coupons in the Surprise weekly paper that's delivered every Wednesday to get the pedicure for $16.99. Can't beat that!
5	I love this place!!! I have been to many nail places in surprise and so far this is the best! I will not go anywhere else now. The price is very good and they ALWAYS do a great job I've never had a problem here!
4	Wow what a bustling nail shop! I went in on Saturday for a pedicure and some quiet time. This spa was PACKED but they were able to take me right away. Friendly, courteous, and an hour later, I had cute toes and a relaxed demeanor to continue on with the rest of my day!  Looking forward to going back soon!
3	Being a recent transplant from NYC to the small town of Surprise, I wasn't sure what to expect when getting my first mani/pedi out here. Thanks to you fabulous yelpers I quickly found My Surprise Nail Spa, a quick 5 min drive from my house and boy, was it a different experience all right.I walked in promptly at 10am on a Sunday morning and was able to get a seat right away, but boy did they fill up quickly. Their nail color selection is pretty average, Opi and china glaze. (Oh, how I miss my pretty Essie colors) My nail tech seemed cold and uninterested during my time there, barely making eye contact with me. Her job was decent though and I was in and out within the hour. Two things I suppose I'll have to get used to out here is $30 for a regular mani/pedi?!? Whaaaaa... (I miss my hole in the wall nail salon in Midtown. $25 for the longest lasting mani/pedi ever) and no nail dryers?! Is that just this spa or are we really air drying out here?Overall, my experience was okay. It'll just take me more than a New York minute to adjust to desert spa lifestyle.
5	I have been here a few times for pedicures and they always do a fantastic job. Finally got my finger nails done for the first time in over a year. I have always hated getting my nails done because of how painful it can be at times. That was not the case here. They were so incredibly nice and gentle with my nails! I had a great experience and love the way they look. I will definitely be going back!
5	I am visiting my mom in Arizona and we tried this nail salon for the first time this morning and were both very pleased with the results. I thought the prices were reasonable for this area and both of our nail technicians did a great job and were quite personable as were the rest of the staff. I got a mani / pedi with a full set and gel polish and eyebrow wax. Loved the leg massage that accompanied the pedi. My technician was Tammy and I highly recommend her. My mom had Mandy and she was quite pleased with her. Really enjoyed the customer service. As I said the staff was quite personable. We got a very warm greeting when we arrived and were treated well the whole time. As people that were regulars came in they were greeted by multiple staff by their first name.  Will definitely be back.
5	This place always delivers. Great service, super fast and always with a smile. The prices are fair, the Pedi's always leave my feet feeling great and the eyelashes are the bomb.
5	I love this place. Always a smile, always warm and friendly and accommodating. All the staff is good and not pushy. I have to say after trying a bunch of other places around here after moving from California, this is my home nail spa hands down every time!
5	This nail salon was recommended by a friend for the wonderful service and cheap pedicures.  I was a little skeptical at first but the price was too good to be true to not give it a try.  I actually decided to upgrade my pedicure to a more luxurious one and it was wonderful.  My tech. spent an hour just massaging my feet and legs.  I had the seaweed and cucumber mask done as well which made my feet so soft.  I decided at the last minute to get my eyebrows waxed as well and my tech did a fantastic job on that as well.  I would definitely recommend them to others and will be going back for sure.
1	Giving it one star because my first visit was good but had to go back a day later due to nail chipping and was told by the lady at station 3 to fix it my self at home . I won't be back . And don't sit at station 3.
3	Not sure why the great reviews, she abraded my big toe and kept getting up to help other people.  Oh, and no top coat??? Wtf? I'm not impressed.
5	Becky and Amy are truly the best at this salon. They really make your visit worth it! Actually catering to what you like and really do a beautiful job EVERY SINGLE TIME. I havent had a good experience with anyone else so I recommend making an appt for these two ladies! Also Tim (I think hes the mgr) is always welcoming with a big smile and remembers me every visit. I usually am not a loyal customer when it comes to nail salons but I've been going here for years and love it!
