3	We have been going to Anancy in NDG for several years. The good eats are curried goat, brown stewed chicken, sweet potato fries, cod fish fritters. The food at this restaurant has been very good, but lately its going down a bit especially in the evenings. In the evening the food tastes as if no one cared, or sort of hurried and not good, kind of thrown together.  Lunch is usually good, but supper can be very disappointing. Long, long wait to be served even though the place is very small. The wait staff is lets say old county, they will get to you when they get to you and have to be nudged to get utensils, water or a drink.  Its an island thing I guess.  Anancy what happened to your food, it used to be so good?
3	Spicy, flaky beef patties, tender, juicy chicken roti, the fiery, sweet heat of jerk chicken, mmmm my mouth gets happy just thinking about it!I was craving a chicken roti last summer and found Anancy after a google search.I drove to their Ndg location that evening, anticipating the goodies I would soon be inhaling:)I found parking easily and walked in. The restaurant is cute, cozy and comfortable, I was doing take out, so I can't comment in the service.I ordered 2 beef parties, a chicken roti with rice and peas, jerk pork and a champagne cola to wash it all down with.I asked for my patties while I waited, they were tasty enough but it seems like most of them are bought from the same place. My order soon arrived and I drove home eagerly awaiting my little feast. I normally don't wait till I get home but this type of food does not lend itself to eating while driving so I had to wait!Ok, on to the food...The chicken roti is a generous size, tender, curry flavored morsels mingled with the potato and the tender roti skin.  The rice and peas were good as well.The jerk pork was spicy, smoky and sweet, fork tender and truly delicious. It was served with fried plantains, a little oily but delicious! I knew I would be coming back for the jerked pork alone!I've been back to Anancy a few Ttimes since then and it sadly wasn't as great as the first time. The previous reviewer mentioned inconsistency, I have to agree.The jerk pork was hit or miss depending on the day,  the chicken roti was not a melt in your mouth event as it was at first taste either.A memorable first time but following visits have been lackluster so sadly, no more Anancy for me!
1	I would not recommend this restaurant to anybody unless you like getting the stomach pump in the hospital and the shits for a week first time and last time I Went To That hole I had the curry goat with rice lunch special  their were more bones and fat then meat in the dish. Then the meat was very dry and very oily and the rice had a fishy aftertaste and the vegetables were semi frozen in the sauce. Never again .
