4	I can dig this bar. It's chill, played some good music (me and the girls got hype when some SWV came on), the couches were super comfy and the services was great.I can't remember our waitress' name bit she was really great. She was attentive, she put up with one of my friends who kept ordering drinks then sending them back cuz she didn't like them, she knew all the drinks back and forth, and she was actually really pretty. Not your average Vegas waitress who is either 83 yrs old showing way to much cleavage or 24, a lil smoked out and trying to "act" (no offense).So yeah, I could dig this place...wish I could remember that waitress' name...
2	This bar has a nice setting and definitely fits in with the decoration scheme of the Cosmopolitan hotel. I was here with my girlfriends waiting to be walked in to the new club, Marquee by a promoter. We received free drink tickets from him and chilled at this bar for about 45 minutes before getting walked in. I'm not really sure about what the whole atmostphere of this bar is supposed to be like. Half of this place is a bar with some couches, and the other half is a gambling area. This just made it more smelly with everyone smoking all over the place - the ventilation just couldn't keep up with all of them.Anyway, not much to say about this bar - drinks were decently made, good waiter service that kept coming around to clean up empty/finished glasses. I'm not exactly sure how drinks were priced, but if you're a girl, just find a promoter and you're all set.
4	This bar has a rather 70s Hollywood feel to it. The colors really reminded me of the brown and orange hues so popular in that era. What I really enjoyed were the large seating areas dispersed throughout the area. I met my host for Marquee here so I did not have any drinks. The bar is easily accesible from the casino floor and I imagine it isn't as popular as say the Chandelier or Bond. So, if you're in Cosmo and you'd rather have a more chill experience I think this might be the place to do it. I'd like to go back on one of my many return trips to The Cosmo.
4	If you're trying to get your Fat Joe on (lean back), then the seating here will disappoint.  But that's about the only disappointment at this bar.  The people watching is worth the price of admission alone--that's a figure of speech by the way, there's no cover at this casino bar.You're in the middle of the action at the Cosmopolitan when you're drinking at Queue.  The later the night the better, because the people walking by just seem to get better looking, although I'm not sure if that's due to the drinking or just the type of clientele that the Cosmopolitan Hotel attracts.In any event, this is my go-to pregame bar moving forward.  Give it a try and you'll agree; there isn't a more beautiful casino on the strip than the Cosmo.You'll get in sync here...
5	What to do when you are all partied out at 3 a.m.? How about a little gambling and free drinks at Queue Bar? And what I got was 2 spectacular drinks and 4 Aces baby! That's right, I won $500 big ones playing video poker here.
