5	This is hands down the best place to stay in Pittsburgh. The staff is fabulous - from Katie's smiling face at the front desk to Mario's excellent restaurant recommendations when he pulls your car around - the people who work here make your stay feel like you are at one epic house party. The rooms are to-die-for and the beds are so comfortable. HGTV addicts should be warned however. A week in this place and you will want to remodel your whole house. The breakfast and coffee isn't too shabby either while the cocktail hour drink specials downstairs were just right. The views of Pittsburgh off the luxurious patio are breathtaking. Yes, you could say this one hotel changed my perspective on Pittsburgh single handedly. Well don, Hyatt House. Well. Done.
3	Hubby and I are Hyatt loyalists, so when we were making our annual trip to Pittsburgh in July, we knew without a doubt that we would stay at a Hyatt, but which one? The newest Hyatt, the Hyatt House at Southside Works, provided the perfect location, not far from family and friends located across the river in Oakland, Shadyside and Squirrel Hill, and also situated in a pretty happening area surrounded by a plethora of restaurants, shops, and cultural activities. It has easy freeway access for trips further away, too. I give the hotel an "A" for location.Being only a few months old, we expected the property to be pristine. We had a king suite which was already showing some wear and tear -- bruises in the wood, stains on the floor, a toilet that didn't flush completely, and a dishwasher that sounded like it was cackling like a goose when it ran. There are some poorly designed elements in the suite itself, in particular the awkward quasi pocket door to the bathroom, the glass window in the shower that faces the bedroom window to the outside and if you don't slide the pocket door closed, or forget to close the window shades, you would be completely exposed to the other side of the hotel's guest rooms! Also odd is the lack of drawer space. For an extended stay hotel, the storage space is lacking. The coffee maker is what they call a four cup unit. Maybe you can get two small cups. I know there is free breakfast with coffee aplenty, but I just want a good solid mug or two before I even can think about breakfast. Also, there is no actual valet parking area save one little drive in along the front of the building that looks like a bus stop. It barely fits two cars so you really have to be careful as it sits on a two way street with one lane in each direction! One of the most positive and lovely features of the hotel is the outdoor area which is chock full of comfy seating and a fire pit, all facing the river. We sure would love to have been able to take advantage of that except the weather did not cooperate! For design and room standards, I give the hotel a "C".This particular week, it appeared as if the hotel was filled to the brim, so the elevators looked messy, not to mention the weather was less than stellar. I can forgive that . . . What I can't forgive is the big hair ball dangling from my towel that presumably had been laundered. Ugh! That just made me feel icky about everything -- sheets, towels, chairs, remotes, anything else that would touch my body! For cleanliness, I give the hotel an "F"!Breakfast was solid . . . Nothing gourmet, but sufficient and tasty. With made to order omelets, we know we got real eggs! Can't attest to the scrambled ones though. Unfortunately, the space is really not adequate for a full or nearly full hotel. Another "C".But don't despair . . . The staff was superb! From valet to front desk, they didn't miss a beat! Everyone was so friendly and went out of their way. Biggest kudos go to the valet team, especially Mario, who really had to hustle in the most humid and undesirable heat of the season. He was service with a smile. He knew our names from the moment we arrived and gave him our name. A solid "A" for friendliness and helpfulness.Averaging the grades, I'd give the Hyatt House a high "C". And remarkably, we'd probably stay there again!
4	I travel a lot to Pittsburgh on business, about once a month on average and I have stayed in many different hotels, as I am usually looking to keep my nightly rate within my allowed travel budget.  This is my second visit to the new Hyatt House in Southside and I must say it is by far my favorite place to stay!  The location is great, across the street from some decent (if a little bit chain-type) restaurants and dome fun bars.  I have to drive all around the area including different suburbs like Monroeville, Pleasant Hills and Robinson.. So other than downtown there isn't a more convenient location for me.   The staff is very friendly and welcoming and the rooms are comfortable and new. I especially like the island/ work table in the kitchen. So much better than your typical hotel desk that faces a wall. This faces the center of the room and the TV swivels 180 degrees to face either the bed or the work/ kitchen space.  Only real complaint is that the hotel doesn't really have a restaurant - breakfast is included though. But with all the choices nearby it doesn't matter.
3	Brand new Hyatt in a great location in south side works area.  Walking distance to the best south side has to offer.  Shopping, restaurants and nightlife all blocks or less away.  The hotel has a very modern feel.  It has a great outside deck w comfortable furniture.  View of the river in back of the hotel.  The hotel staff was extremely friendly.  This hotel was pet friendly, for a somewhat large fee, 75 dollars I think.... So not very accommodating actually unless 75 for a pet in a 100 a night hotel doesn't bother you.  Now for the rooms.  They were average in size, and had the same modern feel.  They had a nice little kitchen including dishwasher and dishes and things nice big flat screen.  The negatives were small yet a big enough deal for me to think twice in staying again.  The rooms were pretty dirty for such a new hotel.  The windows had dead bugs, crumbs in the couch.  The worst part was the cupboards that contained dishes had a layer of dust and food crumbs all through them.  The glasses were covered in finger prints and doubt they were washed.  I threw a load of dishes in the washer, but the room didnt have detergent.  So if a clean room is important to you, this may not be a good choice.One really odd thing was the bathroom door.  The bathroom has swing doors that have a large gap in the middle.  The doors have not lock and you can plainly see right into and out of the bathroom with the horribly designed doors closed.  I am not sure what they were thinking on this.. If you are staying with friends or care about privacy, good luck in this place.  So I guess other than cleanliness and the bathroom door issue it would be a great hotel.  Those are some pretty large issues, but could be fixed.  Also one more thing.. There is a parking garage across the street that charged us 3 dollars on weekends a day.  The hotel garage is 14 dollars and valet only.  Seems unnecessary considering all the space in the area, parking is easy to find.  I feel like the hotel was taking advantage of patrons a bit.
4	I would stay there again in a heart beat.  They have a very nice staff.  Breakfast was good.  They have a few hot dishes, made to order omelets, bagels, pastries, etc.Room was very nice. there are a few places to eat within walking distance.  from right next door, across the street, to a couple of blocks - plenty to choose from.  Nice area.  Seemed pretty safe to walk around.
4	My husband and I traveled to Pittsburg on business and stayed at Hyatt House for two nights. Our room was nice and CLEAN! It had a full kitchen and a roomy living area.  The gym was was open 24 hours and had modern equipment. The only negatives were lack of a bathtub, tv issues, and no self parking. Location was great! It's within walking distance to shopping, restaurants, and many bars.
4	Rooms are beautiful. Very spacious with a living room, fully stocked kitchen with stove, sink, fridge, etc. Separate bedroom and large bath. Very quiet and clean. The hotel staff are extremely friendly. Didn't have a chance to use the fitness room or pool, only stayed one night, but they both looked great. I really enjoyed my stay. I hope to come back when it's a bit warmer to utilize the beautiful outdoor area with fire pit.
5	My wife had surgery at UPMC and selected the Hyatt House based off the location, positive reviews and brand.  We did not regret the decision.  The staff was great and very attentive to my wife's needs. From the shuttle drivers  like Mario whom had  a wealth of information to the front desk staff, to Linda at the morning buffet with her smile and finally Chris the bartender who listened to our situation.  Although our trip was not really a vacation, I highly recommend this hotel because it's situated in a great area and the staff were very nice.
5	So nice and convenient! The Hyatt chain in general has always impressed me. The Hyatt is set up to be like home away from home with a kitchenette and sitting area. The bathroom is designed with safety in mind with a nice size walk in shower. They are reasonably priced for the area too. The hospitality is above average I feel. The staff was very friendly, personable, and professional. Such as when the concierge wished us a nice evening as we were walking out the door. The details make the Hyatt great. Loved the valet parking and the fact that we were walking distance from shopping and restaurants. You can't regret choosing the Hyatt house:)
4	I was only visiting for one night but really enjoyed my stay.  The building is new and the rooms are non-traditional.  My room layout had a work counter with outlets and there was a room divider with a TV in it so that could be flipped all the way around.  Staff was attentive and the shuttle service got me around the area efficiently.  There is a small bar.  Breakfast in the morning was good.  Made to order omelettes.
5	This is relative. This is not high end at all or by my NY standards. But for Pittsburgh, it is great. Accommodations: pretty new hotel. Everything was new, modern and well maintained. There are no frills to this place. Pretty minimal in design elements. Quality of hotel is by my standards Ikea level. Looks good but isn't the sturdiest of quality. That said, it is very efficiently designed. A small sitting area with a pullout couch is a really smart design. Then the kitchenette is both kitchen and workstation desk. Again just smart design. Room was comfy space wise. Bed was comfy.  Dishes in the kitchen were dusty though. Probably not used often. This felt more like a 1 bedroom condo in NY than a typical hotel room with 2 tv's and a sense of living space albeit a small one. Bathroom: Roomy. Amenities were just soaps and shampoo. So a little light on bathroom amenities. Lotion and a cup in the bathroom was missing. Towels were a little rough though. Wish they used a better fabric softener. Front Desk: such nice people. The gentleman who checked me in at 6 am after I had been driving all night was just so nice. He had my kids grab breakfast early so I could sleep and not worry about them. He made sure our car was in a close spot in valet. I can't even explain how nice he was in words. But he was genuinely concerned, helpful, and just kind. Location: great area with lots of restaurants, shopping and nightlife just a walk away. Breakfast: nice decent breakfast with breakfast breads and baked goods, cereal, pancakes and fresh to order eggs. Again smart layout and made for an efficient sort of breakfast meal. Experience: this probably fits 2 adults and 2 kids comfortably or 3 adults comfortably but we pushed those capacity limits. Unintentionally, btw.  It was supposed to be just 3 of us in the room. But it ended up 6. My spouse and youngest son were going to stay in another hotel room that my spouse had booked and paid for. And my eldest son was with school and supposed to stay in another hotel with his teammates. But the best laid plans got thrown out the window when they saw our suite. Which they liked better than the Marriot by the airport and the Marriot in the city. So the Hyatt won over my hubby and kids. And 6 of us crammed into the room. And we all slept well. I guess that maybe sort of says it all...
5	Stayed in this hotel with my wife & 3 sons ages 5, 3 & 1. We had a separate bedroom, kitchen and pullout bed. We had a beautiful view of both the city of Pittsburgh and the Mighty Monongahela river. Hotel is newer and is incredibly clean. Wonderful patio where pets and kids can roam with a great view. They have a bar, and work out room which are adequate. The pool was very personal, meaning small, but the boys loved it. There is a convenient shower in the pool room which was a surprising hit with the kids. The best breakfast in a hotel I've ever experienced. Fresh fruit, made to order omelets, every breakfast drink you can imagine. Great location near trendy south side Pitt and hot metal bridge. Stay here. Stay here. Stay here.Just thought I would add: You should use the valet here. Too easy. Very nice area btw. Cheesecake Factory across the street and HofBrauHaus right next door on the water. Front desk staff were awesome and very accommodating.
5	I stayed with a group of people for a funeral and despite the awful circumstances, I loved the hotel. As a Hyatt employee, I had never stayed in a Hyatt House, and the staff was extremely accommodating and sweet. The rooms were modern and spacious, as well as clean and comfortable. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would like to go back and stay for pleasure soon.
4	The hotel overall was very nice. The rooms are clean and very roomy.  The indoor pool and free breakfast were nice perks.  The only downfalls were the lack of a bathtub and parking.  I love to take long relaxing baths which I couldn't while staying here.  Also, as nice as the valet guys were it was still a pain to get my rental car out of the garage anytime we wanted to go somewhere. Overall I would recommend this hotel.
4	Nice people, comfortable, modern, ok breakfast, nice to sit on balcony by the river, German brewhaus next door with good beer and schnitzel, movie theater and stores across the street.
5	I absolutely loved everything about this hotel. The design and details are modern and amazing. The breakfast is beyond expectations for a free hotel breakfast. The gym has everything you need for a quick workout. The staff is friendly and everything went smooth with the valet parking. I will stay here if I ever have to go back to Pittsburgh. It was honestly the highlight of my trip to this forgotten city.
4	Stayed here for 4 days on a business trip. I got a pretty nice corner room with a view of the river. I really liked the TV in the room: it was in the middle of the room and had a rotating stand to watch TV from any direction. The desk/kitchen table area was a pretty good setup to work from; they have power outlets and USB charges built into everything. The free WIFI was everywhere in the hotel and honestly, pretty fast for hotel WIFI. However, the connection was quite unstable and I could never get video conferencing to work properly; my wifi connection would drop every few minutes. It's fine for web and email though.The overall look of the hotel and room is pretty modern and comfy, with plenty of seating and lounging room around the hotel lobby. Since it's designed to be a more of long term stay place, they had a laundry room with $1.50 wash / $1.50 dry machines that worked well enough for me, the front desk will give you a free tide detergent thing too.The breakfast was pretty good. They rotate out ham/bacon/sausage every day and have an omelet bar. The coffee was pretty terrible for my tastes; I would recommend walking a few minutes down the street to Big Dog Coffee.Finally, definitely hit up the Hoffbrau Haus while you are there, it's a great place for a beer!
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. We were there for 3 days and loved it! We will be back!
5	I really liked this place.  Yes, it's a hotel which are not my favorite, but the room has nearly everything - kitchenette, lounge area, full size bathroom and large shower, and island/office area.  The layout of the room too is not like a traditional hotel room, so it feels more homey. The in-room coffee was kinda nasty, however, the included breakfast was pretty great, with loads of vegan options (I did take my own almond milk), and the coffee there was a lot better. The girl at the front desk was really helpful, and gave us a coupon for a free item at the next door German bar, although its kitchen was closed by the time we got there.  If I were to complain about anything, it'd be the parking - it's valet only at $14, since there's no credible free street parking during the day.  Still, a great modern hotel - this is how all hotels ought to be.
5	I normally don't review hotels on Yelp. I save that for Tripadvisor. However, I'm trying to keep my Yelp count up with a fellow very competitive Yelper who shall remain nameless. I wasn't sure what to expect  with this hotel, but I was blown away. I had a sneaking suspicion that I would regret checking out in order to transfer to the airbnb we reserved. I did. Hotel is very convenient to all of the shenanigans of the Southside but just a bit removed so you aren't dead center. Staff are super. Name escapes me but the front desk chic on site the evening we checked in (11/24) was particularly helpful. The room is epic. Really nice and great value for price. Up there with some of the 4 stars that I've stayed in on the West Coast. Love the layout that feels like a well designed studio and less like a hotel. Breakfast was also a nice surprise. Abundance of freshly prepared foods including an omelette bar with lots of fresh fruit that allowed us to fuel up for a busy day of driving. Would stay again in a heartbeat.
4	1 star - Friendly staff (even showed me how to get cheaper parking instead of using the valet service)1 star - Clean room1 star - Clean bathroom1 star - Great locationI used a corporate code so the final price I paid was very affordable.  The room was on a corner and very quite with nice views of the river.  All in all a solid 4 stars.
5	Looking for an awesome hotel in Pittsburgh? Then look no farther!From the moment we arrived, we had an excellent experience. The staff was friendly and super helpful offering tips on events in the area.The room itself was very clean and was a great use of the space, offering not only a range kitchen but a high top table and a swivel TV dividing the living and sleeping space.Even though you can park in one of the several parking garages nearby, it is by far worth it to valet at the hotel itself. It is the same price as the 24 hour fee at the garage - $15. You can come and go multiple times with only paying the flat fee once.The "continental" breakfast was unlike any other I have been at with a legit omelette bar.I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting or needing a hotel for after events etc. It is a little priced than others, but offers all the amenities.
