1	The absolute rudest person and the highest prices of any estate sales! What an awful combination so do not waste your time by going to any of their sales only to get abused and gouged.
1	Susie's estate sales is a big rip off. All of their stuff is extremely overpriced so they can tell their client that their stuff didn't sell, which forces the client to "donate" their stuff. Then, Susie's takes the stuff and sells it behind the client's back to make a profit. It's obvious that they are doing this since they don't seem to care about no one buying anything, even if it's the last day of the sale.The one bigger woman who works there is a complete snob about it too. You don't even want to negotiate with them because they are so rude. Oh! and don't say you love garage selling. Or Susie will rip you a new one since they consider themselves to be "elite" and not in the garage sale category. If you want to spend a hundred bucks on a crappy southwestern lamp you could get at goodwill for $5, then Susie's estate sale might be for you. Or you might get lucky to buy a $3500 table and chairs on their 25% off day. I usually don't write reviews, but i feel like it's my duty to warn people when they are obviously ripping off their clients. For that kind of money, your better off going to an actual store. At least, you would get better customer service when your dropping that kind of money.
1	My first question is who monitors these people?  To say this woman is a low-life discredits and is an insult to "low-lifes", at least with them you know where they are coming from.  Susie smooth-talk, with her false promises, rude, offensive and cavalier attitude lets on to be an upstanding business person but her phony contracts with no advertising within the sales area reveal her true intentions.  She is going to take you to the cleaners and you have no way out.  My wife trusted this "Susie Snake" to hold an estate sale for her entire house.  This house was beautifully appointed with custom furniture, cooking utensils, appliances, vintage linen, sets of dishes, china, pots and pans, collections of cookbooks, sets of bedding, barbecue grill, outdoor furniture and antiques.  Nothing had been spared to make this home an oasis in the desert.  This lady priced everyone out of the market and had the remains hauled off by her co-conspirator most likely to be sold at a later date.  To add insult to injury, she closed early, did not advertise as she said she would and was so rude that even our friends that wanted to purchase items left.  We wish we would have read these reviews prior to hiring this unscrupulous, conniving, unprofessional person.  We will not list the chicken- feed we received from our mistake but we want others to think twice and then run as fast as possible away from Susie's Estate Sales.
