5	For our dog, Rebecca is the vet. She is truly wonderful and excited when we bring the dog in for a checkup. Our cats are with Kurt. Knock on wood... we haven't brought them in for quite some time!Healthy and happy animals go to Caring Hands. And I've never seen a single complaint from our pets!
5	Dr. Curt Thurman is my hero.I trust Curt with my pets completely.  He is absolutely wonderful with the animals and treats them with as much care and compassion as if they were his own.  He explains everything and the reasons for it; never have I felt in the dark about what was going on.  Our dog has had some pretty serious health problems as she's gotten older, and having Curt as our vet made the process of dealing with everything a lot easier for me.  He offers wonderful advice on all things pet and is great about making himself available to answer questions if you call with a concern.The staff is great as well.  They are super-friendly, very helpful and my dog loves them.  Actually, my dog loves everything about Caring Hands.  She actually gets excited when we drive in the direction of the clinic and literally drags me in the door when we arrive because she is so excited to visit herCaring Hands friends.I can't say enough wonderful things about this clinic.  I dread graduating and moving from the area because I know I it will be impossible to find another vet that comes anywhere near the quality of Caring Hands.
5	The staff and the vets are always very friendly, helpful, and compassionate. I see Rebecca and Curt for my cats, and recommend them both. I have never had a problem getting an appointment. I really like that they both explain thoroughly everything they are doing and why they re doing it. One thing I really appreciate is the separate entrances for cats and dogs. This reduces my cats' stress considerably.When I had to put down one of my cats, everyone was very caring and sympathetic and gave me plenty of information so that I could make a good decision.
5	We have been going to Caring Hands with our dogs and cats for many years.  Dr. Curt saw us through the aging and passing of two cats and a dog, all well into old age with great quality of life.  Dr. Curt also saw us through the adoption of a new dog, who has a specialized problem: an urge to eat every inedible object and substance he encounters.  At 7 months old, our new puppy developed a serious bowel obstruction and required removal of 3 feet of his intestines and reattachment.  This was a complicated and risky surgery.  Because of Curt's supreme surgical skill, that dog is with us today at 4 years old, happy and loved.Dr. Rebecca is also an outstanding vet, both in terms of skill and caring feeling for animals and their human families.  We have now seen Dr. Rebecca many times for the regular care of the "dog who lived" and the newest addition to our family, another rescue dog (who came to us with a number of minor healthcare problems).  We trust Dr. Rebecca implicitly.The staff at Caring Hands are also amazing -- good with people, competent at the animal health care business, loving to animals and able to calm and handle them.  The staff has low turnover, and some of them, like Gigi, have been there as long as we have.  You could not choose a better vet service in the Champaign-Urbana and surrounding areas.  If you are at some distance in an outlying small town (as we are), they are well worth the drive.
1	My fiance and I took our dog here during an emergency and were turned away because the vet was busy eating lunch.  This place is only a few blocks from our home and we rushed to the nearest place possible because our dog was having a seizure and was unable to stand up.   We were told drive to the university emergency pet clinic which is a ten minute drive.  The vet also had a lot of appointments coming and was "very busy".  There was not a single car in the parking lot nor a single room occupied. We pleaded with them to at least check his vitals and make sure he would be OK, they again turned us down.  I cannot speak to the quality of either the vets there because we were never given a chance to see them.  The staff was unprofessional.
2	I never rate on here but I came to this vet because of the ratings. Although initially we loved the doctors and everything, they told us our dog was OCD and sent us home. I'm fairly certain my dog has severe allergies now. Here is the thing I'm upset about though. We were there 2 weeks ago. I just saw a worm in my dog's poop. I called to ask them about it and they said "Oh, your dog tested positive for roundworms when your brought him in" THEY NEVER CALLED ME. I was never notified or given any treatment for it!!!!!!!!!! It may have gotten even worse because of their negligence. I will never go back here. No matter how nice everyone is.
5	All my family dogs have gone to Caring Hands, so when I finally got a puppy of my own, I knew exactly where to go. The staff at Caring Hands really know what they're doing. Penny, my puppy, needed to get her nails trimmed. Since getting bigger, she's gotten more difficult to trim so I brought her to Caring Hands. After three appointments, they finally got her nails trimmed (by no fault of their own - I'm telling you, Penny is a monster sometimes). Penny has never seemed stressed or unhappy after leaving and everyone there is extremely kind - they even remembered my childhood dog, Bear! Five stars. :)
