3	Typical fro yo place. My daughter got some marshmallows with her order and I tried them and they were old. The staff is nice, just pretty basic. Me personally, I will continue to go to Kokomo ( opposite corner of intersection ) because the prices are cheaper and ingredients are fresher. These people did put a lot of time and effort into this location and I hope they get it right.
5	I heard there was a new froyo place around and started researching so I could make a visit. I wasn't sure if Yollipop was going to be anything special since it didn't have many reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised- in fact, it may just be my favorite frozen yogurt place (that says a lot)!You won't see Yollipop if you're just driving around; it's hidden in the corner of The Falls at Ocotillo, right around the corner from Paradise Bakery, Keegans, and Pei Wei (make sure to save room for dessert here after your lunch/dinner at one of these restaurants!). It may take a little searching to find, but it's well worth it, I promise.Upon walking in, a friendly employee greets you and introduces you to what they have to offer. Usually I find the "introductions" annoying, but this one is actually helpful, so listen well- especially if you plan on sampling. Make sure they tell you how to get the froyo into the sample cups without getting it all over yourself...it takes some practice!Now onto the frozen yogurt- there are multiple flavor choices, which I like. All of their flavors are homemade, and they offer sugar free, gluten free, lactose free, AND fat free options. This will surely accommodate all of those with health concerns/allergies! There were so many good flavors, it was hard to narrow down to what I was going to fill my cup with! However, they do have taro which is my absolute favorite flavor and impossible to find anywhere else, so they'll definitely be seeing me again (and again)!Next, onto the toppings. They must have around 50 different toppings to choose from. More than I've ever see at any other frozen yogurt place. I'm personally not a toppings person, but I was impressed by the number of options. When you check out, make sure to give them your phone number. That's right, no more loyalty cards to lose in your wallet or attach to your keys. This is nice and easy. Each time you go, they give you a percentage of what you spend (I can't remember they exact number). You can then turn around and spend your accumulated amount whenever you want! As mentioned in another review, it is $0.39 and ounce, but as far as I know that is what all the other frozen yogurt places around charge, so I don't think this is pricey at all...Check this place out. Between the multiple flavor and topping options, along with the friendly employees, you won't be disappointed!
4	YUM!I love Yogurtland's taro flavor, so when my sister raved about Yollipop's taro, I had to go try it!  It was delicious!!  I love that they make their yogurt with rice milk.  It's very light and not too creamy. This place is perfect for those that are allergic to gluten or lactose intolerant.  They have some flavors that are labeled DAIRY-FREE, LACTOSE-FREE, GLUTEN-FREE, NO SUGAR ADDED.They are very generous in having sample cups available for you right next to the regular bowls.My favorites were:-Taro-California Tart (tastes just like Vietnamese yogurt!)-Pop Mango (tangy & slightly sour)-Kahlua (pretty sweet & creamy)Avoid the NY Cheesecake flavor...it had a very weird taste to it.  Vanilla Bean was very light, not too flavorful.The owner was very nice, and told us he'll be making a couple new flavors soon, including Green Tea!You can also make a smoothie!  Get a cup & fill it with any flavor or a combination of flavors! Then they'll mix it up for you.  It seems healthier than other places since it's made from rice milk.When I went, they didn't have any cupcakes...but I really want to try some!  Next time.
1	On the menu: Cupcakes. Never in stock? Cupcakes. The yogurt is sub-par at best. But I keep going back because they advertise at having cupcakes. And frozen drinks. At 60 toppings. The toppings they must rotate, because there is no way they have 60. And where do they make frozen drinks? Behind the wall somewhere? I don't think I'd like to have a frozen drink made somewhere I can't see it. So today I decide to call ahead and find out if they have cupcakes on the menu. First I was routed into a general voicemail box a few times. Then I got a hold of a live person, but not at the location I wanted. When I asked HIM about the cupcakes he said "We actually don't have any cupcake inventory today" (who says that???). I explained that I had bought a Groupon specifically due to the fact that they advertised having cupcakes and my daughters love cupcakes. And now I've been in several times and NO cupcakes. Ever. They act like it's a totally random thing.. like "oh gee, we're out of them today!".. Really? Every time? So when I explained to this guy that this was the case and asked him WHEN they have them (so maybe I could try planning ahead next time) and he hung up on me. Nice service. Not. So.. Yeah, don't think I'll be going back and I won't be surprised AT ALL when they are closed in just a few months.
4	Yummy self-serve Fro-Yo place in Chandler, off Alma School and Queen Creek road.    There are several dairy-free/lactose-free options available using Rice Dream.   Flavors: dark chocolate, coconut, Kahlua and cream, cookies and cream, California tart, vanilla bean, new york cheesecake, pistachio, pomegranate and mango.  Loads of toppings too. My favorite combo is California Tart with Dark chocolate and fruity pebbles, mochi bites, strawberries, kiwis, pineapple, mango, and cookie dough bites.  YUMMY!!! $0.39 per ounce as of 3/11/12.   My container was around $5.50.  They also have a 10% VIP by adding your phone number.  Adds 10% of your total bill to an account so you can use it at later visits.
4	I found this place by accident and this the only place I've found that makes yogurt with rice dream.  Finally!!!  I am not lactose intolerant but gave up milk many years ago and only have it here and there.  When I do I usually get tummy aches so this place allows me to indulge.  I've told many people about this place because it is a standout amongst the pack.  Keep up the good work.
3	Can't honestly say I was impressed with this place - I think that Kokomo nearby sets the bar much higher and so I, sadly, have to compare it to that.The 'not so good':- I tried all the flavors and really liked the Taro and a couple others more.  I think they have waaaay too many options and, thus, some of the flavor of their froyos are off or just a bit strange; their vanilla bean was not enjoyable.- The toppings are what I would consider lower quality (lots of cereals, chocolates, and crappy-carbs) and mabye 3 or 4 fruit options which look like sugar was added to them (perhaps frozen, thawed out)... definitely not enough nut options (here, again, I may be too picky, so judge for yourself)- The machines at this place are low-quality, not only do they look it, but they pour poorly and you basically have no control of your pour- No friendly welcome or chipper staff (okay, I may be picky here but froyo should be FUN!!!)The 'good':- If you give them your phone #, you get 10% off everytime you buy froyo (yes, you can accumulate it, too)... that is SUPER neat and may just be enough to make me switch- They have Rice froyo (lactose free) which is awesome since I'm now trying to cut back on dairy due to some recent issues.. I still think Kokomo is higher quality for a treat, so I may just continue with my punch-card there.. but this place does have lots of Rice milk options and the 10% off.. so I'll def give it 3 stars.
3	Alright so in the world of FroYo in Arizona there is 28 stores on every corner. They are plentiful. On my corner, I have Yollipop and Kokomo.Kokomo is my regular place. I've had their little punch cards and gone through a few to get my free yummy FroYo goodness. Let's just say that I'm a regular. With that said, Kokomo is a great place and they've set the bar pretty high for FroYo.I think that Yollipop only beats them in one area - FroYo flavor selection. I think that Kokomo plays it safe and sticks with the standard flavors and rarely changes from those flavors while Yollipop is more adventerous with their flavors.The part that really made me not like Yollipop as much was their fruit. It seemed old... and squishy. I want my fruit (about the only topping I get at FroYo) to be CRISP and fresh. My brother also felt the same (also a big fan of Kokomo).
