3	I can't believe no yelper has reviewed this place.This store is right in my neighborhood so..as embarrassing as it sounds -  we have been here quite a few times over the years (we entertain a lot... lol).My husband and I typically see the same guy every time... middle-aged guy with glasses and a mid-eastern (I think ?) accent. Nice guy. My husband likes him because he always has great suggestions - and somehow - even though my hubby swears the guy isn't the pushy salesperson type, he always manages to get him to buy something other than what he came in for...(he used to like beer on occasion but apparently he now thinks he's a scotch kind of guy).Obviously, it would be cost-effective to go to Smith's to buy alcohol & mixers, or drive a few blocks and head to Lee's... but when you are lazy and have unexpected guests - a quick drive over is worth the extra dollars.There are a few liquor stores (not Lee's) that have opened in and around the neighborhood (there's one on Jones just past warm springs, and another that opened up near Rainbow and windmill) but of those - this one is definitely cheaper. So if you live over here it's definitely worth stopping by if you don't have the time (or patience) to go someplace cheaper -- I would stop by.But I'm lazier than most people so.... :)
3	Cheap liquor right around the corner of my street! Pick up cigarettes at Dotty's, and check on the whip at Purrfect Auto, then brown sack your stash from here.
1	Insulted.Liquor World just opened up in my neighborhood outside of Mountain's Edge off Blue Diamond. My fears have been realized, the prices are all 20%+ higher than Lee's! I know they have locations around the strip whereby they over-inflate their prices for the tourists, but these prices are silly! For example, you can pick up a 1.75l of Skyy vodka from 19.99 to 22.99 at Lee's or Albertson's but at Liquor World they are selling it for almost $30! A 750l Jack Daniels was being sold for $14.99 at Walgreen's in the same plaza, but at Liquor World it is over $20?!  Whether you drive to Mountain's Edge from Durango, Rainbow, or Blue Diamond there are so many better options to buy your liquor. There are grocery stores on all the main streets and a Lee's on Durango and Blue Diamond. Of course if you don't have a car and have to walk, perhaps Walgreen's is the better option?
1	Passed by this place a couple times as its around my house and finally decided to stop in to grab a couple things for the start of the football season. Prices are INSANE!! Liquor usually around $15-$20 a bottle, I was seeing $30, sometimes even higher. My tequilla, casa noble, usually around $50 for the anejo.....$70!!!!!! Def will not return. Also, looks very large from the outside but once your in its much smaller than it looks, not as big a selection of lee's or total wine.
