3	If you are looking into living in uptown Charlotte, this place is worth a look. The units are nice and well-kept, the staff is super friendly and accomodating, the amenities are a bit lacking though. The gym and pool are small and seemed difficult to accomodate everyone in the building, but well maintained to say the least. Ample parking, covered, and across the street you have Dunkin Donuts and CVS.
3	A friend of ours lives here, so we checked it out recently over some drinks. Nothing spectacular, but I liked it. Its location is pretty prime--close to downtown without being RIGHT in it, and also near the cemetery and the gateway community (with all of its restaurants and niceties). It's also around the corner from Cans, CVS, and Dunkin' Donuts. So yeah, really convenient. The apartments are pretty standard--roomy, with new appliances. Good security in place and, from what I've heard, the management company is super easy to deal with and is generally very helpful. The gym wasn't especially great, but it was fairly new as well, which is key. One thing I noticed: this complex is SUPER young, as in the people who rent there are almost all in their early 20s as far as I could tell. Not the worst thing ever (it's an energetic, party-heavy place), but definitely worth knowing if you're considering renting here. Not the quietest place or cleanest on a Sunday morning, for sure...
4	A friend of mine used to live at the Cotton Mills and we used to love going to hang out at his loft-style apartment.  Everything looked so modern and retro (although having modern/retro furniture helped).  One night, we rented some space on the rooftop for a party where we had a counter, etc. to put our food and drink...and cake!  It was a beautiful evening and we had a great view of the city (although I hear the new Vue building is going to ruin that view; ironic, isn't it?).  The location of the Cotton Mills is awesome, too.  Walking to everything Uptown is a definite convenience.  The downsides?  The price, of course.  You definitely have to pay a premium to live right in Uptown.  And one of my friends had their car broken into in the visitors' lot of the parking garage.  The only thing that I didn't like about the loft apartment itself was that there were no doors between the bedroom and the kitchen and living room to which it connected.  There was just an entryway.  Nice if you live alone, but...   I guess that's what you get for a loft apartment, though -- everything's wide open.
4	I stayed in Camden Cotton Mills for 60 days in corporate housing.  The complex is very clean and the staff, including the maintenance is friendly.  I lived here July-August and the pool was never really busy.  Plenty of chairs and a nice pool area.  The fitness center was completely adequate for a 60 day stay.  It is a short distance to Eden Cleaners, CVS, Dunkin Donuts, Crave, Voume Salon & Harris Teeeter.  It is walking distance to too many other places to list.  There is gated parking and plenty of parking spaces.  We had a couple problems that were immediately remedied.  First there was a flash down downpour of rain which slightly flooded our bedroom.  Come to find out some brush has gotten lodged in the exterior drain causing the flooding.  Nothing of ours was damaged and someone showed up with a wet/dry vac within 30 minutes.The other thing was that one of our packages was misplaced.  It was checked into the office and there was no UPS tracking that it was returned.  The office said they left it in the unit and maybe our corporate housing staff picked it up but they pointed fingers back at Camden.  After some patient investigation on our part to find the package Camden did reimburse us.  One tip for them would be to have residents signs for packages.The residents certainly are mostly in their 20's.  Friday and Saturday nights usually include a 2AM wake up call from the neighbors coming back from the bar, failing to use their inside voice.  I have seen what I hope is dog (not person) urine outside of someone's door and junk mail left in the elevator.   However, you can't blame the management team for these irresponsible people who have no respect for other people and their property.  As far as I could tell any mess was quickly identified and cleaned up.  Even the fitness center was constantly being cleaned and the towels replaced.During small talk in the elevator I met several people who were going on 2-3 years living here and were very happy with it.  One person had even changed units and stayed.  Overall, I'd say it's been a very positive short term living arrangement.
4	This place knows how to throw a community event! Wow I was blown away by the fabulous details from ice sculptures, fire breathers, professional photographer, to red tinted Grey Goose vodka drinks... they far surpassed my expectations! I was lucky enough to be a guest at their Fire & Ice Party and have to say these people know how to treat their residents. My friend who lives there gave the staff rave reviews and explained that they know each and ever resident by name and where they live....despite the huge size of this place! The party was an unveiling of their pool-side deck. I have to say I would have spent a bit of that money to expand the pool as it is teeny-tiny, but overall they added a great space for resident parties. Whoever planned that awesome party has a serious career ahead of them, spectacular job!
5	Moved in two weeks ago. Great location and the staff is excellent.
4	I have lived at Camden Cotton Mills for two years.  Overall this place is a very nice place to live.  Objectively, I would give this place four out of five stars.  The reason I am moving is 1.  This property is way too expensive in my opinion for Charlotte and 2.  The noise has gotten out of control.  I live on the ground floor (second level) and the noise is terrible.  I hardly ever get a good night sleep on Wednesday & Thursday nights due to drunk people coming in between the hours of midnight and three in the morning yelling, slamming doors, playing music and screaming at the top of their lungs.  Camden just put a game room in on the second floor.  This is a really nice amenity to have, but I feel it adds to the noise during the week after 10 PM.I call the courtesy officer (CMPD officer that lives on the property) a couple times a month due to the noise.  It is nice to have the officer on the property for peace of mind, however by the time he shows up, the people that are causing the noise have usually left.Office staff is great!  You won't find friendlier more attentive people than the staff at Camden Cotton Mills.  All the residents are very friendly for the most part.  There are pool parties in the summer which are a blast and they even have free personal training sessions during the week which is pretty cool.My advice if you are going to live here and want to pay the inflated cost associated with living here, DO NOT LIVE ON THE GROUND FLOOR.  It is not worth it due to the noise.  I am a young professional that works in Uptown Charlotte.  Sleep is very precious to me.  If you live on the ground floor and probably the terrace floor (floor 7) you will probably be woken up Wednesday and Thursday night due to the noise.  Over my period of two years living here, this place has turned into more of an upscale frat house / college dorm.
