4	I attended the Eat, Drink & Be Pretty event at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival on Friday night.  There were a lot of restaurants at this event and I tried to taste everything and for the most part thoroughly enjoyed everything I had.  Some of the places I tried was ...7th Heaven Eatery A Little Slice of Heaven Arcadia FarmsArmadillo GrillBravo BistroCareers Through Culinary Arts Program- C-CAPCarlsbad Tavern & RestaurantCarrabba's Italian GrillDevil Spice- Vegan Catering & Culinary InstructionMalee's Thai BistroPassion BistroPhoenix College Culinary StudiesT. Cook's at Royal PalmsThe Herb BoxVillage TavernThis was a fun event and will definitely come back next year with a designated driver:).
5	Go every year, always a blast! Great people-watching, too. And you learn to beat the system when it comes to getting free tastes of beer. ;)Also, I liked it that they were WELL-equipped with port-o-johns. There wasn't as much waiting this year as there was last year. They also have hand sanitizers inside the johns.
2	Went for the Great Arizona Picnic on Saturday and was not that impressed. When I go to something like this I expect to try something new and exciting. What did I get here? The same Spinato's pizza and Salty Senorita food I can get out in town, not to mention mega chains like Buffalo Wild Wings, The Melting Pot and Chipotle. Meh... The Abolut tent was nothing special either, I mean, you can get that stuff in any bar. Why stand around with a bunch of D-bags in a tiny fenced in area fighting to get a drink?Let me sum up the event...1. Wait in line to get in...2. Wait in line to get a 21 year old wrist band...3. Wait in line to get tickets...4. Wait in line to get food...5. Wait in line to get into the Beer/Absolut/Patron areas...6. Wait in line for a drink...7. Wait in line for the Port O Potty...Repeat steps 3-7...The only bright spot was the beer garden, got to try a lot of unique beers that I have never seen in any stores in Phoenix, so that was kinda cool.
2	I'm still trying to wrap my brain around what happened yesterday. This is technically my second time going to this event... the first time, I was with my girlfriend at the time. Neither of us could handle being there for more than a few minutes, so we got our entry fee refunded and ate at a Mexican food place nearby (which was pretty disgusting if I remember correctly).This year, I was determined to check it out. I went with a few friends, and we wisely decided to get drunk before going. The Scottsdale Culinary Festival is a misnomer... it's neither culinary, nor a festival. At least it's actually in Scottsdale. It's more like a parade of drunk douchebags. My friend spent the day giddily taking pictures of d-bag shirts and dumb hairstyles. It's very different seeing them outside of the clubs. The food here was a joke... mostly chain restaurants. There wasn't anything culinary about it aside from the fact it was food. This city has some amazing unique restaurants, and it seemed like the sampling at the event wasn't representational of the kinds of fantastic "culinary" experiences one can have here.There's nothing really festival about this either. It's definitely an event, but apart from security, port-a-pottys, "beer gardens," and wrist bands - it's just some boring food and drink. My biggest problem with it is that you have to pay to get in, then you have to buy tickets so you can buy food and drink. They should just raise the price of admission, and have the food be free plus a drink ticket or two. I mean, this should be about restaurants showing off what they can do to get people interested in eating there. The vendors at these booths all paid to be here. People pay to get in, and I'm sure the promoter makes a portion of the overall ticket sales. Whoever runs this thing is probably making bank off it. It's a huge sham when you think about it. Red Bull paid a ton to be there and have a premium spot - they weren't even giving their drinks away (which they often do at events like this).Overall, it was a big joke - but we managed to have fun. It was interesting people-watching, but beyond that there wasn't any reason to come. If I had to do this totally sober, I would've been miserable.Edit: After browsing the other reviews, it seems like I didn't completely understand the event. I wasn't aware proceeds went to charities, and I didn't see a lot of the restaurants other people listed. I guess at an event like this, everyone is going to have a different experience.
2	We went on Saturday, the 19th. Thank god we were close enough to walk there because parking looked like a total nightmare. That only saved one b.s. hassle for us as we waited in line to get into the place. Then we waited in line to get a wristband to drink.Then we waited in line to get into the beer garden, only to be told we need to go buy tickets outside of the beer garden to be let into it. Waited in line for tickets. Back to the beer garden, waited in line to be let in. Then waited in line every time we needed a refill of our shotglass-sized beer sample. Waiting in line is a part of life. I GET THAT. I expected a lot of people to be there and there were, but being that it was our first time there we were unaware as to the organization of the event and there are no clearly-marked signs explaining how to do things. In addition to that, we quickly discovered that this little shin-dig was costing a little more than we expected. $10 to get in. Then a separate (additional) $10 to get into the beer garden. And then once we're in there, we're still paying for the tasters on top of that. Now while I understand how a beer garden works, in my past experience with these kinds of events, your beer garden admission fee will include a certain number of tickets to use for your samples. Not so much in Scottsdale. Between two people, we were $60 in the hole before we could get to our first drink (Admission 2/$20 + Beer Garden 2/$20 + drink tickets $20). After all of this, though, things picked up a bit. Drink lines moved fairly quickly and not every vendor was collecting all of their drink tickets. After we each had about 13 or 14 drinks, I got munchy. We left the beer garden and went looking for food, where I had the nastiest pseudo-spinach dip from, I believe it was called Arizona Bread or something like that. A miniature bread bowl filled with mayonnaise. Um, no. It seemed to me that the food booths that were set up were mostly chain restaurants like Chipotle and that hot-wing place. Not so much. I skipped eating and we went back to the beer. Most of the people at the event (and this includes both the customers and the vendors) were in good spirits. It was a beautiful day out and everyone seemed to be having a lot of fun. Sure, all the guys had the same hair, sunglasses, and v-necked white tee shirt, and all the girls in their twenties had 40-ish haircut-and-color combinations accompanied with their GIANT fake designer purses that whapped me a few times (what the HELL do people carry around in those things?? Unless you're supplying the blow for you and ten of your friends, leave the bag at home, High-Maintenance Hon), everyone was there for the same reason - to enjoy the day and have a good time with friends.
2	Weak.  Overpriced and forced to wait for everything.  Other than the game of "Fake or Real?" that we played the entire time we were here this place sucked.  Two stars because the only good part of the festival came in pairs.
2	OK, I am new in town so I was unaware that they are trying to change the name of this event to The Great Arizona Picnic, or something of the like.  Well, thank God because when I hear "culinary," my mind certainly does not think of Dos Gringos...or any of the other Vendors represented at this event.  And why the hell, after paying to enter, would I pay again to enter the fenced areas!?  WTF!?  I come from a town where festivals are managed better than most corporations so I believe that I am spoiled, but there is no excuse for the long lines encountered here.  I counted over 60 people in line waiting for pizza...pizza!  Lines to enter, lines to use the ATM, lines to purchase tickets, lines to eat, lines to pee......Obviously I feel passionate about this particular review, and for those that love this festival, I apologize.  I will say that many people with whom I had spoken who had been coming to this festival for years said that it is no longer what it once was.On a positive note, the people watching is tremendous.  I have never seen so many beautiful people in one location in my life.  And I would agree that it all depends on the company.  Great friends make this a fun event.
2	Now I've lived in Arizona my whole life and I've been going to this "festival" for quite some time and it seems to me that every year it gets a little more expensive,the food is nothing special, the vendors get more sparse and more and more people feel the need to bring their kids and strollers to this "drinking festival." How can you call it a Culinary Festival when you have pizza you can get anywhere, mexican food I can get down the street and drinks I can make at home? And for all you people out there who decide that you need to sit on someone's beer and spill it all over their phone and I don't care how wasted you are, don't offer them the butt end of your damn drink. I mean seriously is this really what the world is coming to? Not only did that biotch spill my entire drink but she fucked up my phone and I would have gone on my merry little way not giving two thoughts to what just happened but she had to offer me backwash. I would like to send thanks out to the man that decided to give me and my two girls I was with $65 in free tickets. He was fed up and had to bail and was kind enough to share some love. So thank you free ticket man, you made the end of the "festival" a lot more fun!
2	What the heck happened to this event? Dos Gringos??? Chipotle? The first time I came was 9 years ago and it's completely changed. This place was packed. You had to wait in line for everything. And I don't get paying admission to get in and then paying admission to get into one of the drink special areas like the beer garden and then paying again to get drinks in those areas. And many places ran out of food before the sun went down and this was suppose to go on until 10pm. Some of the best stuff was free. A free sample of pork and a free sample of cheese. The free cheese tent should have been placed next to the Robert Mondavi wine area.  That would have been much more convenient for me. I did enjoy the chocolate fondue from the Melting Pot because well, it's chocolate. I guess I'm lucky that I'll eat just about anything and came hungry. The people watching was the best part.
4	This year we popped into the Old Town Tavern on Saturday to have a few brews before taking on the spectacle... and It worked... we were all having a great time by 5pm drinking and listening to "Boston Joey" belt out tunes on the patio - Then we finally entered the festival. This event is all about drinking and people watching and if that's what your expectation is, you WILL enjoy yourself. As for the food - there were several sushi, taco, and dessert outfits to satiate you... oh, and a great Beatles cover band.*The event was better organized and a little more spread out this year. So kudos to them on the improvements.
3	Eat, drink and be... stuffed with silicon?  Yeah, something like that.  Girls with that much costly stuffing should wear more practical footwear or drink less, or both.All kidding aside though, we actually had a pretty good time when we went.  We had guests in town and they enjoyed walking around and enjoying the weather.  The food wasn't totally impressive and although the lines for drinks were kind of a clusterfuck, it never actually took THAT long to get a drink.  Plus, our girls had fun running around and chasing each other in the grass and listening to the live music.
2	The Fest !!!   2 words - money pit !!!Aside from a perfect day and plenty of talent to hang out with , this thing is poorly coordinated. So here's the scenario - stand in line to pay the entry fee , stand in line to buy tickets. , stand in  an even bigger line to get in the beer gardens , stand in line to buy cocktails. Stand in line to buy food  - then when the tickets run out. , stand in line again to do it all p we againI would have gladly purchased am entire bottle of booze as opposed to the 2 drink limit per person !! Needs alot of work
3	I have to say that I usually like the culinary festival but this year was only so-so.  We have been to the GAP the last 2 years - for those that don't know this goes on the last 2 days and you are able to eat and drink all day from different vendors.  I'm not sure what happened this year. We pre-purchased our tickets this year for general admission and for the beer garden - I love craft beer - in order to save a little money.  We showed up as usual ready to spend some money (it does get pricey) and sample some great food.  There were maybe half the usual number of vendors there this year.  The same went for the beer garden.  We still had a good time and sampled some good food.  There are usually decent bands to listen to also.  I will definitely double check the vendor list next year before we head up there.  It is still a fun time though and a great way to sample new food and drink without having to commit to a specific restaurant or 6 pack.
2	This review is for Great Arizona Picnic event of the Scottsdale Culinary Festival.The foods here are pretty bland.  Every other stalls sell plain tacos.  The non tacos vendors are drinks and chain restaurants.  The only good thing about this place is the people watching.  Just think about this event as a baseball game.  Instead of watching Red Sox - Yankees, it's fashion show and the food is the same as ballpark foods.  For excample, there is a vendor at GAP that sells Chili Dog or Plain Hot Dog, half-size for $3, that's how bad it is.   If you want decent food, go somewhere else.  If you just want ballpark food with beer and music then go here.
1	Went to the GAP event on Sunday and was extremely disappointed. Most of the restaurants were chains or mediocre places that weren't offering any good food. The lines were out of control and the place was so packed with people I was constantly getting bumped and having to dodge strollers and rampant kids. Even though it was only $10 to get in, the prices for food and drink were so high that we ended up spending way more than we would have if we had just gone barhopping in downtown Scottsdale... which is what we ended up doing when we left.  Ironically the best food I had there was from Los Taquitos, which isn't even in Scottsdale, it's in Ahwatukee.Save your money.  Its not worth what you pay.
3	Through some deal site the hubby and I got tickets for $2/person to this event so we thought, "What the heck?"This event felt pretty disorganized.  The lines are all over the place and it feels like there isn't much food compared to the amount of people who are there.  By sheer luck we wound up in line for the vendor who won for best food of the event for 2011, and we had never heard of them before.  It was a *great* start because their street tacos were super tasty.Then we realized that 70% of the other vendors also had... street tacos.  We get that street tacos are tasty and easy to serve, but we were hoping for some more variety.Prices were ridiculously high at some venues.  We spent $30 between the two of us, plus admission, and felt as though we had just had apps and some gelato.Because it was a beautiful day, the vendors were SUPER nice, and Scottsdale was actually tolerable for an afternoon:  3 stars.
4	This review is for Great Arizona Picnic event of the Scottsdale Culinary Festival ... I want to key in on the word "Picnic".   A lot of reviewers have complained about the food not be of culinary excellence, which is correct, but the selections are decent for a picnic.  There is broad range of mediocre, decent priced food from local restaurants, such as BBQ, taco stands, gelato, sushi, and even Indian Food.  Despite what some of the reviewer's state, there are several events throughout the week that are tailored towards the Foodies.   These events do cost more than $10 for admission, as do most extraordinary culinary events.   Now back to the picnic, it's a blast!  It's a perfect way to enjoy the spring while day drinking.   This year, they went away with tickets and instead you put money on the GAP card, and pay vendors with the card.   I believe the reason there is a no cash policy, is because a portion of the proceeds go to non-profit organizations. We spent a good amount of time in the beer garden.  On Sunday the price of admission into the garden was cut down to $10, and then each beer sample (4oz) is $1.  With a selection of over 200 beers, it was a great way to try all different kinds of beer from local breweries and vendors.  The rest of our day was spent lounging on the main picnic lawn enjoying the bands playing on the main stage.  To sum it up: Go to the AZ picnic if you want to hang out in the sun and enjoy some tasty beverages and mediocre food... Don't go to the picnic if you have less than $40 in your pocket, and expect to be delivered a culinary masterpiece.
2	This is AZ's response to the taste of Chicago except you pay to get in, the view's not as good, there's not as many choices, and there definately is not fireworks.  I worked the event Saturday and came back Sunday to redeem the food $ "benefits" from volunteering.  Saturday, awful weather, the entrace was higher, the people were more beautiful, and there was a whole lot less of them.Sunday-so many people! I waited 30 minutes for pizza! I spent $13 on 1/4 a box!  (It is the best AZ pizza I have yet to try bringing me almost back to NYC). The "best of the taste" street tacos were just ok, and gelato was way over priced and mediocre.  I had a much more enjoyable food experience with the free tostadas, empanadas, and hot dogs at the March of Dimes which was also for a good time. Next year, I am not wasting my time on the picnic.
5	I had a great time at the culinary festival and it was a nice and sunny Sunday afternoon to be there.  But the first thing I thought of when  I arrived is what us Chinese would say "People mountain.  People sea."  OMG.   There are a lot of people.  It was like Disneyland over the winter holidays.  I feel like I had to walk over people just to get through.  I bought the all access pass.  I think this is great for the first timers because it gets access to the Great Arizona Picnic, Skyy Bar, Patron Experience, festival of beers, Robert Mondavi wine tour, and Cooks & Corks.  Cooks & Corks is the main event of the day, and the other places only give you admission into the place.  All the tastings still cost money, which I personally think that'll be a lot if you want to try everything.   Every vendor in the Great Arizona Picnic brings their stuff for you to try, but it's pretty expensive.  The best part is of course Cooks & Corks because you get to taste all the vendors' food and a bunch of varieties of wine.  There are also the cooking classes and an alcohol seminar.  The cooking demos weren't that impressive.   But there was Wilo Benet from Top Chef if you've watched that show.   With so many wine vendors there, you're sure to get drunk.  I didn't even get to try everything, because I was getting drunk after a while.  They also pour you a lot in your cup for sampling.   I came hungry, but walked extremely full.  The 4 hour event went by fast.Now onto my favorites of the events.  My favorite vendor would have to be the guys from Yellowtail at the Bellagio.  I'll give them props driving all the way from Vegas to showcase their food.  Their kobe beef tataki was to die for.  I went through the lines multiple times so to eat more of it.  They were also the first vendors to close shop because they ran out of food before the end of the event.  The sauce was subtle in taste and spicy and complimented beautifully with the beef.  And their green garnishes added a splash of color to the small dish.  Light and tender, the kobe beef melted in my mouth.  The other thing I loved about the event is the muddling seminar by Kim Haasarud, writer of 101 mojitos.  In the class, she taught us how to make  3 different types of mojitos and even invited the audience for demonstration.  The best part is getting the samples for the 3 cocktails.  These "samples" were 3 full glasses of cocktails.  My favorite was the blood orange mojito.  Light and fruity for those who don't like a strong rum taste.  And it's a peachy color suitable for my girly tastes.  A lot of people walked out of the class with lost red faces and lost inhibitions.  The Cooks & Corks is definitely worth the price and it was a great experience.  I give it a 5 stars just because of this event. The only bad part it was too short.  This event made the culinary festival worth the time.  The other stuff I saw outside of that building wasn't that impressive.  I think next year, I'll just go to the Cooks & Corks event and maybe try another special event, the all access is fun just to see if you haven't been to the special areas, but it's probably not worth the extra few bucks.  I did like the small beer mug as a souvenir though from the beer festival. :-)
4	This Festival will get its fair share of hateful reviews, but you know what? I like it. Not an "I Like It and I Want To Go Every Year" kind of like, but more of an "I Like It and Would Go Every Other Year" kind of like. It is great for people watching so you really don't have to spend a ton of money to have a good time. It's $10 to get in and if you don't get wasted or pig out then you can get by with spending only $20 inside. Yes, almost all of the vendors are over priced and the food can be rather pedestrian (too many chain restaurants for my liking), but you can find a few tent gems that are offering good food at a reasonable price. Yesterday I got a big $6 BBQ plate, $2 for two tacos, a big order of stromboli for $5, $2 mac n' cheese, and a $6 16oz. Coors Light.  Don't worry, I spread that out over about 6 hours (with a midday break at Patties for a few beers).One big improvement this year is doing away with the tickets and switching over to a debit card for all of your food and drink purchases. Much easier. One bummer, it is the same tents year after year. It makes it kinda boring.Tips on making it better:Why not have a section for new restaurants at the Culinary Festival? Like a whole stretch of tents for all the first time restaurants appearing at the GAP. I don't know, I think this is a great idea if I may say so. And I know this sounds lame, but some of the prices at these tents are ridiculously high. Why set your prices so high at an event like this when you can possibly attract new customers to your actual restaurant. Seems like a bad business decision to me.  It will always crack me up when I see girls dressed in club attire and six inch high heels for this event. Why?!? You are walking around a food festival and there is no way you are comfortable in that shit! Hysterical. Please don't change, Scottsdale!
3	I think this is a great event, this year was a little hot. But were are the tables. There's not really anywhere to eat. Had a fun time though
1	You pay $10 general admission - but after you get in, you pay much more in everything else for little return;(If  you're 21+ older - first WRISTBAND)With whatever you DO/EAT/DRINK at the festival, you have to buy a money card. ALL food and beverage is deducted from the card, but even so, you only get 1-3 bites/swigs of anything that you buy - the cost is so disproportionate to what you get that I'm pretty sure that you're just paying for everything at regular prices if not more.For example, let's say you wanna get into the beer tasting are. We lined up to get into the beer area without having purchased the card yet, and they turned us away to yet another line (to get the card); We were a party of three, and the volunteer didn't know how to give us three separate cards.Then we throw $40 bucks onto the card, and it costs you $20 to get into the beer tasting area. Half the amount on the card was gone within a few minutes!For the beer tasting area (second WRISTBAND), there are two lines (kind of blending together), with a different person manning each line at the entrance. Nobody who works at the festival seemed to know how to organize, or what to tell people. We were told one thing at one line, but the guy who was manning our line had to double check with the guy manning the secondary line as to whether or not we were in the right line!Once you get into the area, you get this little 4oz cup that they fill for every beer tasting- which costs $1 ea. ON TOP of the $20 beer admission; I asked for tequila shots from the tequila area and were only about 1oz - for $1.Out of all the food tents that I went to - 1. the pizza was the most worth the money at $2 (Grimaldi's);2. they had super-dinky-mini-tacos, smaller than the palm of my hand, at $1 ea, 3. three little mini-buffalo chicken balls, about the size of ping pong balls, for $2;4. ONE braised short rib for $6 + three bites of calamari/greens for $4 (Tanzy's)We kept  adding money to our cards.Last but not least, I fell asleep on the lawn while sittin with my buddy in the shade; a non-uniformed cop came by and asked me to stand up; I was kind of wobbly and tired from having a few drinks, and he asked us to leave! Other than falling asleep, I was NOT doing anything disruptive to draw any attention whatsoever. They escorted us out...I was respectful. Been there, done that; once here was enough. The great thing though about coming here, was that I was able to spend some time with my peeps.
2	The good, the bad and the, well, good. I have wanted to come to this event for the past few years and Adam Richman making an appearance sold me this year. (I have a little crush on him) For a double whammy, my favorite Irish band was also playing, Keltic Cowboys. For those two things alone, I give 5 stars. Filled with beautiful, plastic people dressed in 6 inch heels and long dresses in 100 degree weather eh, 2 stars (only in Scottsdale). Yikes. Food was pretty decent actually (had BBQ), however I was actually thinking in my head I would see a little more original culinary action instead of prepared chain food. It was not bad I guess, maybe I had too high of expectations. But either way, it was still a decent time. Overall, I didn't see a value for my money because it was wicked expensive once you get inside. BTW, where were the food trucks?? I never could find them and I really wanted to check those out. The event needs some work before I will go back. What a bummer.
3	We had VIP tickets for Adam Richman. He did not disappoint - we loved seeing him at the food demo and then getting to meet/greet and take photos. Totally cool. As for the picnic, it seemed unorganized. We didn't know where to get our tickets or what we had access to. After talking to about 6 different people, we figured it out. The food was not anything different that you might get anywhere else. We still had a great time, the festival of beers was really fun - there were so many different beers even a beer made from syrup from Alaska. Wished there more places to sit under the shade. I would have loved to listen to some of the great bands but it was 100 degrees and again no shade. Included in our VIP tickets was the Sky Vodka Tasting, but it was just way too crowded. Overall, a fun time, and loved the host hotel of the festival, the Saguaro.
3	I worked in Scottsdale for 6 years and never got a chance to go to this festival. Instead I worked those busy weekends because the bar/restaurant I worked at was walking distance away and we would be flooded with drunk people. It's a little ridiculous that Scottsdale is allowed to let these people roam the streets after such an event. As a bar, if we had done the same thing we would be fined for over serving. But this is all besides the point. Since I no longer live in Arizona I thought it'd be fun to come into town during the Culinary Festival to participate in the drunkfest AND I had a great time! I went on Sunday, had brunch at the Orange Table (poor service, but that's another review) and got to the festival around 2pm. It was $10 to get in and the guy at the front tent was really rude. It didn't really bother me though because I had already had a mimosa that morning. After wandering around we decided to go into the beer garden because that's where all the action was. We did get a drink from the Sky Vodka tent, which was really tasty, but we didn't go into the "Sky Vodka garden" or whatever it was called. It was $15 to get into the beer garden which is just lame. We did get complimentary little plastic mugs for all our beers, not exactly sanitary but at least it's not wasteful. I was expecting to spend a lot of money, so right off the bat I put $100 on the "debit card" for me and my boyfriend. I'm not really a beer drinker but I had a lot of fun trying all the different kinds. If I took a sip of a beer and didn't like it I'd just give it to my boyfriend, he'll drink any beer. I did find a few beers that I really liked. We didn't try too much food as we had a big brunch but the food I did try was good and I liked the small plate set up. Most of the staff at the festival was very friendly. They had port-a-pottys but no port-a-washies which i find disgusting for a culinary festival! They have sanitizer but its inside the port-a-potty, gross. Overall the festival was pretty awesome and in the end I actually got some of my money back off my debit card, which I was definitely not expecting. Yay surprises!
2	This event is pretty chaotic if you're a newbie at this.  Even veterans of this were a bit confused.  I guess they switched to tickets instead of using cards for the '13 season.  Would probably have used a punch card instead cuz keeping track of these tickets was a pain.  The option for 5 tickets ($5), was the Sky Vodka area...which you basically saved a dollar per drink, which was $6 dollars compared if you ordered it outside.  It was also a younger crowd but only an area blocked off with nothing special inside.  The beer choices are horrible (no imports), and were each $6.  The food, for the most part disgusting and expensive.  Dickey's BBQ was very good though the line was very long do to it being the best and they were very slow and confused.  They could have put more pulled pork on the sandwich, you don't get what you paid for but it was good.  Dos Gringos and Salty's was just disgusting, served cold.  Salty's burrito was already pre made and I had no idea where it came from, must have just been sitting in a bin.  The bathroom situation was insane, especially for the women.  It would be hard pressed for me to do this again but I'd definitely do the beer garden next time or just wait for Beerfest in Flagstaff which is awesome.  You really just need to game plan what your going to do before you get there or atleast once you get there, or you'll  spend a crap load of money and can't figure out where and what to do.  There's also a place inside which I think was called the Tiki Lounge, with a theater that had really good drinks on special which seemed like the best place to go and if you wanted a break.
2	We got an awesome deal on living Social for tickets to this event.... $4.50 per person. HOWEVER, none of us in our group realized that only covered the entrance fee and none of the food. (you have to buy tickets in order to taste any of the food samples)I just wish we would have known about that and we would have brought cash (most of us are just plastic carriers) There were ATMS everywhere, but you know you're gonna be charged stupid fees for using them.... it was just frustrating. HOWEVER...... 5 stars goes to many of the Vendors.... we met some great people and found awesome products like Il Nero Olive Oil (AWESOME PEOPLE... will be buying from them again in the future!) and Kyocera Advanced Ceramics to name only a couple....It was fun, and I know it was for charity, but I'm not sure I would pay to go again, even if the entrance was only 4 bucks.
3	Like everyone else, we were kinda peeved the entrance didn't include ANY tastings, even the 2 oz. pours in the beer garden cost a dollar each - but it's for charity right? At least that's what I heard.That said there was a lot of different food and drinks to try, the location is great, the weather was fantastic, and the live music was a nice touch. We'd probably go again, just know what to expect - ~$50 per person on top of the entrance fee for tastings.
3	Scottsdale Culinary Festival is something everyone should try at least once if he or she is a foodie.  You get an opportunity to learn about different food places around the Phoenix Metropolitan.  The main negative is I felt that most places did not give enough food for the money you paid.  I can understand that pricing method, but business owners need to use price differentiation to attract customers to their restaurants.
4	This was a fun way to try lots of local restaurants, while enjoying the charm of Old Town and the perfect April weather. There were plenty of alcoholic beverages to enhance the experience and places to sit if needed. The only downside was the fact that it was hard to find water. My friend was sick and I had to hunt all over for water, and no one had any for sale. I lucked out when one of the vendors gave me a bottle of their personal stock when they heard it was for someone who was sick. Overall it was a great time if you like to day drink and try new restaurants.
2	Not so much for me . Last years participants was not impressive. I would rather spend more money and go to one of the bigger events like devoured , feast on the streets , or taste of biltmore. My friends that go like it because its family friendly so i can see that point of view , it is family friendly and a nice way to kick off the summer.
3	Always a fun time! A great time to meet up with friends and taste all the great beers & food around the Scottsdale.
5	Expect long lines and to spend a lot, especially if you go to the beer garden. Great event and lots of fun.
