5	Thank God there are other nerds in Las Vegas who were able to organize a Week Long Science Fair.  I look forward to a week of learning,exploring, and fun with our daughters.  I hope to see some of you Yelpers out there supporting science and getting your Geek on!Free AdmissionScience is Everywhere DaySunday, May 1At museums, educational institutions and science-related venues in the Las Vegas Valley and beyond. Behind-the-scenes guided tours offer a unique look at science at work in our community. Science is happening everywhere: creating architectural wonders, making us "ooh" and "ahh" at amazing shows, developing innovative conservation methods and much more. Plan your own route with places to visit for a great day of discovery.Science Week : Science in the SchoolsMay 2-6Throughout the Las Vegas ValleyBringing scientists, hands-on activities, science career information and more to students in grades K-12 and local colleges and universities. You won't want to miss class this week! Programming also available for homeschoolers and senior centers.Science Week : Great DebatesMay 2-6, three evening programsSelect locationsFeaturing special guest speakers who represent divergent viewpoints on thought-provoking current topics. It's a way to improve your personal science literacyand hear about the many sides of important issues.Expo DaySaturday, May 710 AM - 7 PM Cashman CenterGet your hands dirty, scientifically speaking,as the Festival culminates in an all-day Expo.We're expecting 100 or more exhibitors fromour most prominent science-relatedorganizations and businesses, offeringengaging hands-on activities, entertainment and education. It's a one-of-a-kind day of learning - cleverly disguised as fun.
5	I'm a huge nerd and I'm grooming my kids to be mini nerds who love to learn. I had seen a pamphlet advertising the Las Vegas Science & Technology Festival in my preschooler's backpack and was sure to take advantage of these fun learning experiences. 7 days of science! I was in nerd heaven. The expo was the final event concluding the week.  Housed in the cultural center of the Cashman Center were over 80 local businesses with hands on demonstrations. The Creative Kids Learning Center was a popular booth for the little ones with bubbles, moon sand, play dough, and flubber to draw them in. There were also tons of robotic demos. A Circus Circus clown was showing the science behind juggling.  We got a closer look at Chickens and eggs from the Gilcrease Nature Sanctuary and a cockatoo from Roos N More. Mandalay Bay Shark Reef was also there with a Leopard Shark that we could get up and close with. Plus much more! It was so nice to learn about other science programs that are available in our city. There were also 2 stages with science demos, a fun band from Santa Cruz called the Banana Slug String Band, and a Rubix Cube contest. Seeing all of the middle and junior high kids walking around with their rubix cubes was so impressive that I am now inspired to successfully complete one before I die. I even have the solutions guide to help me. Woot woot!! Can you say nerd alert???The event was very well organized and although quite crowded, we were still able to visit almost every booth. I am so glad that Vegas has this event every year showcasing the various businesses and nonprofits dedicated to science and technology. In order to shape the future, it is important to get our kids excited about science now. Who knows- the one who cures cancer or invents the next big thing may have been at that expo!!A big shout out to Yelp who was one of the sponsors!! The event was free. Parking was only $4. But seeing the excitement in my kids' eyes was priceless.Obviously I cannot wait until next year! *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 38/100*
5	Great to see so many Vegas families taking their kids to develop an interest in science and/or nourish that existing interest.  So glad I was able to take my kids to this, the involvement of the community, and to Yelp for sponsoring this event as well.  Education is so important, and helping kids become passionate about something that matters is essential beyond the words that exist to describe it.Great work, and thank you for making this a free event!
4	Fun, free event for the whole family.
