5	I'm extremely picky when it comes to someone cutting and styling my hair. My hair is full, straight, and thick which is a nightmare for most stylists and many struggle since it will show every flaw. Hayley is the only stylist I not only trust with my hair, but I can go to to suggest and try new styles. She is the only stylist that I could truly call an artist. Her schedule does fill up and I'm used to having it scheduled a couple weeks out since any great stylist would have a full schedule and harder to get in, but if you're flexible, she's TOTALLY worth it. I've even seen some of the pictures she's shown me of extensions and highlights and it's incredible the transformations she's done. Hayley has always been professional, talented and probably the kindest person I've ever met in any service industry. She's fantastic.
5	I've been going to Hayley for years for cut, color and extensions and she is the best! I also entrusted her with the most important thing ever... my Bridal hair! It came out beautiful and I could not have been happier. I decided to be super drastic and 2 weeks before the wedding I wanted to go from a brunette to a wheat blonde and also wanted these amazing new type of hair extensions that she is trained to do called Naturally Beaded Rows. I am so thankful for her, because this could've been a disaster. Instead she spent a ton of time with me helping me to choose the right blonde, we ordered the hair, and I went in for my drastic makeover. I am so happy with the results and everyone was shocked from the huge change but so far all good feedback and I'm really happy with my choice. You can trust Hayley to do whatever it is you need. My extensions are my favorite thing, they don't hurt at all, no one can tell I have them, I just have amazing long hair all the time now thanks to her! My hair is very fine and thin too, these hide perfectly under my natural hair... I am so glad she introduced these to me. She can get pretty busy but will always work with you to try and get you in as soon as possible, definitely worth it for Hayley. I'm very picky about my hair and look and she never lets me down. One of the things that I've always liked is when I say I want her to just cut off the dead ends and not take off much, she listens. Not only with that, but with everything, the colors I want in my hair, and especially with how I wanted my hair for the wedding. I found photos that we used and she came up with the most beautiful wedding day hair for me. I'm forever thankful to her for making me feel so pretty on such a big day! I've followed her as she's moved to different salons since 2009 and will continue to do so, she is worth it. Plus, she's the kindest, sweetest person ever, I could spend hours talking with her and look forward to my hair appts so I can catch up with her. Also, as a side note she does men's hair as well and it comes out great. My husband has gorgeous hair and is very particular about the shape and style. She listens carefully and gets it exactly how he wants it. So boy or girl, she'll make you look amazing!
5	I came to Hayley after months of trying to book something with a groupon deal. I decided to come in after work and get something done. My hair was gross. Split ends, too long and needed a color to spunk up the flat black I had. All I can say is WOW. She really did a GREAT job! I ended up doing a subtle brown ombre that I absolutely LOVE! It's so cute and looks really good. I am so so so happy! I will def be going back. I recommend her to everyone! She makes you feel so comfortable and not all in your face trying to keep up with a conversation and I like that. YAY HAYLEY!!! Thank you a million.
5	I've been going to Hayley for years, followed her from Dizin to Habit then Habit 2 and now at Mint. Regardless of distance, she's worth it because she cares about her clients and knows hair. As a person she has a sweet disposition, and as a stylist she knows what works best, and will experiment color with you and try to ensure you have an overall positive experience. I've been doing color with her for some time, been working with purple, blue, red, teal, copper color tones, and I like that she follow-ups with you on how the color turned out and she makes fixes by buying different color products in hopes it'll last longer, that alone shows how caring Hayley is, some stylists would usually stick to products that they think is good enough but for Hayley good enough is not it, she goes for great or better. Hayley always takes the time to catch up with you, and is flexible when it comes to appointments. I wholly recommend you get a cut/color with her because she's great at what she does!
