1	$200 after a 50% off sale for a plastic pair of glasses without nosepieces! How times have changed. I'm not trendy or fashionable, so I really had no clue what I was looking for when I walked in this store. That all changed when I found out I only had 5 choices under $110 for the frames alone (buried on the last display case facing away from the door). Nonetheless, I have a fat face. Let's be honest - most days it looks like an overgrown apple growing from my body. Apparently, there are frame shapes meant for fat faces (i.e., rectangular). I spent a good 15 minutes looking at all of the glasses and, of course, did not get a rectangular frame -- primarily because in that entire 15 minutes, not one of the ten employees in the room offered assistance or guidance or anything. I was then told to "have a seat" on an ungodly uncomfortable backless bench to be fitted by a worker. This wait was 30 minutes - and there was only 1 person in front of me. Not a happy girl here. The chick worker (very nice) was not clear about their offers, prices, lens benefits, or frame choices/differences. In fact, I felt like I was forcing her to give secret information when I asked about scratch resistance, UV ray blockage, and price, etc.If you know what you're looking for and you memorize their website, this would be a fine store to shop, but you will not find a decent frame for under $170, and the 4 lenses on the website are apparently not available with all frames, because I only had 2 choices ($120 featherwates or $180 featherwates plus). Employees are not helpful, but there is a receipt book that they give you at the end of the purchase that tells you about  frame choices (i.e., after you buy your non-rectangular frames for your fat face, they tell you not to do that). You could ask for this up-front because there's nothing but posters of pretty people with pro-youth slogans all over the store.Would not do again.
4	I know Lenscrafter has some limited "cheaper-end" frames, but I give it 5 stars for their service. A few months ago, I bought a pair of glasses and ended up regretting my choice in style and the price was higher than I normally would have gone for. I was able to return it - no problem, no questions, full refund. But what I like best is just their professional atmosphere and care for their customers. All the workers really seem to know what they are talking about and are willing to spend as much time with you until your glasses are fitting correctly - even if they were not bought at Lenscrafter. =)
5	I bought some nice plastic frames up in Chicago and needed to have them adjusted in town. I've heard horror stories about places breaking plastic frames while adjusting them so I was a bit hesitant to go anywhere but my optometrist. This place was really nice and professional and they sat me down, did all the measurements and used the proper tools to heat up my frames and bend them as needed. They didn't charge for any of this either. I can't comment on their other services but for . adjustments, I was extremely satisfied.Their location is a bit elusive - you have to get in from outside the mall between Bergner's and the food court.
2	My visit with the optometrist's office in Lenscrafters was very pleasant.  The staff people were obviously experienced in working with students and employees from the university, so they took care of my insurance paperwork without a problem.  The regular eye exam was performed in a quick and competent manner (less than 20 minutes).  If you don't have a preferred optometrist in the area, the office at Lenscrafters will do just fine for a prescription.   Next, I stopped by their shop to select new frames.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the attendants at Lenscrafters often seem overwhelmed by a mob of customers, so don't expect too much individual attention during the process of choosing frames.   I settled on a pair of everyday glasses and sunglasses.  I was told the sunglasses would be ready in 1 hour while they would have to order the parts for my everyday glasses.  The staff people  were very attentive and professional when fitting my sunglasses, making sure they sat on my face properly and even feeling the tightness of the metal behind my ear.  I walked out of Lenscrafters feeling fairly positive about the whole transaction......Until today.  Almost 1 month has passed (exactly 25 days) and my everyday glasses are still being "processed" by their laboratory.   Each Monday, I've called the store to check the status of the glasses.  I'm always told that, "Your order is still being processed" or "Your order will be shipping from our lab soon."  How is it that Lenscrafters requires 1 month to make a pair of glasses while every other optometrist in town advertises that they can have your glasses in a week or less?Each time I've called, none of their attendants attempt to explain the circumstances that are causing the delay.  Was there something weird about the lenses?  Did they stop manufacturing the type of frames I chose?  When I called again yesterday, the attendant who answered the phone told me that she would have to call the lab, and then call me back.  However, she NEVER returned my call (probably because she was buried under work orders from other customers). To be fair, I think my case is a freak accident, and I am sure that there are dozens of happy customers who walk out of Lenscrafters everyday.  I feel that I can't deduct too many points from the store itself, because they do have capable employees and their manufacturer is probably more to blame for the missing glasses.  My biggest complaint is that this location obviously lacks sufficient staff to man the floor and adequately serve the number of people that come in.
1	I think this place deserves 3 stars but I will only give one because of the bad experience I have with the manager there. She seemed to be very nice at first but then she showed that she didn't want to really take the time to explain to me about the situation at all... If u don't buy glasses there, just don't come there because they don't like adjusting glasses that are not bought from there.
4	In this day and age with online glasses for cheap, I went into LensCrafters not expecting a whole lot. It turns out I found a good pair, Heather was attentive, & I'm pleased to say that with my EyeMed plan, I walked out of there w/only a $10 copay for bifocals. $11.64 w/ tax! Pro tip: SHOP THE RETURN SECTION! Great selection, same frames, $60+ off the price of frames! Why only 4 stars? The last pair I purchased at LC scratched easily and a coating peeled off of my wife pair from LC. I'm going to view my current visit as a step in the right direction and pray that my new lenses hold up!They CAN be busy at times. Do yourself a favor and go in the evening on a weekday.
1	I ordered my glasses on 11/11 (a Mon) & was told that that I would get a call on "Wed or Thrs" when they were ready for pick-up, despite the "glasses in about an hour" sign proudly displayed out front. No biggie. So, I paid my $215 after the 40% off promo they had going. I called 5 days later to inquire & was told that it takes about 10 business days for processing. It probably wouldn't have been that big of a deal if I had been told that.So, I call back another 5 days later & was told that they were still at the lab & I will be called when they're in. I waited another 4 days later & spoke to Heather (who was rude over the phone) who stated that she would check with the lab & call me back in 30 minutes. After an hour, I called back & spoke to another girl who told me that Heather had already left for the day (imagine that!) & that she was with a customer & would call me back in 10 minutes. 20 minutes later I got a call from a guy who apologized & said that my glasses have been in for more than a few days & someone must've forgot to call me. Unbelievable. So, I ordered my glasses on 11/11 & was able to pick them up almost a month later. The manager (which was Heather even though she would never admit that she was the one I spoke to on the phone the day before) gave me $50 for the inconvenience. Won't be doing that again!
3	I want to give kudos to a young man named Zach who works at Lenscrafters in Champaign, IL. He helped me through a very frustrating experience in getting replacement lenses after cataract surgery. The young lady who approached me on my first visit told me that I needed a NPI number from ophthamologist who had performed the surgery. On my second visit after obtaining the NPI number, I was told by another associate that I also needed the after surgery cards that confirmed my surgery dates. I had not been told that I needed these cards on my first visit so I thought I would have to make a third trip to get my glasses. Zach stepped in to help and called my ophthamologist to get the dates over the phone. He works in the lab but he was working in the front office because they were short staffed. He literally saved the day for me. I would suggest to anyone who has a problem with getting their new glasses to ask for him if he is available. He is professional, courteous and knowledgable on Lenscrafters eyewear.
1	The doctor side of LensCrafters gets 5 stars. Always impressed with them and will continue to go there for the doctor and staff. However. I've found the retail side of LensCrafters to be a complete rip off. Ever wonder why glasses are ungodly expensive  here? YouTube: luxottica 60 minutes. Apparently one company (luxottica) owns pretty much everything when it comes to eye where, including LensCrafters, eyemed insurance, etc. The insanely high prices wouldn't be the worst of things if they at least took care of me after the sale. I spent over $400 for a pair of Oakley prescription frames with thin lenses and all the special coatings in 2013. I took them back just a year later to have new lenses installed after my eye exam and the lady just looked at me and said "the in house lab can't put new lenses in semi -frameless frames". I asked her if she could send them out to another lab and she refused saying they wouldn't be able to do it either, and that my only option was to buy new frames! Now this seemed insane since my frames somehow got lenses in them inititally. Her excuse was that my frames were to "beat up".  Sure, they could have used a few adjustments from me wearing them, but they weren't bad. After I left extremely frustrated I took my script to all about eyes and they immediately sent my frames out to their lab and installed new lenses in a week! All for a fraction of the price.
