5	This place is amazing!   Who knew something so good for you could taste sooo yummy!  I am totally hooked.  The best part is that not only are the shakes outstanding but the owners, Steve and Udi, are great.
5	I just came here for the first time today and I loved it. The smoothies are only $5 and the guy working recommended the black and green tea to go along with it which was only $2. Both taste amazing. Ill definitely come back, I'm very into meal replacement smoothies right now so this is the perfect blend of affordable and delicious.
5	My new favorite place for my morning shake in Scottsdale. My 2nd time walking through the door they remembered me by name. That is very impressive. Great shakes, and friendly people! A must go to place.
5	This place has the best people running it! The smoothies are absolutely delicious, and the tea gives me great energy. This is my happy place :) I love it. Hope you get to enjoy, too!
5	Fresh Fruit, (real as opposed to sugar laden syrup....) and  the correct amount of healthy ingredients.  Simply the best around.  Friendly intelligent no fuss owners and staff. Coming from a Business Professional who trains and competes in Martial Arts and travels weekly this will be a regular stop when frequenting Scottsdale. Highly recommend.
5	Always very kind and helpful! Have been coming here every day for lunch to have the Herbalife Aloe Tea and a 150 calorie Meal Replacement Smoothie. Blueberry Muffin, Cinnamon Roll and Raspberry Cheesecake flavored smoothies are my favorite. Salted Caramel was my least favorite that I've tried but I'm not much of a Salted Caramel type, unless it's Toffee we're talking about ;) I got a free health scan to see where I was at and what I needed to work on. There is a scale in the building that you can check your progress on if you do not have one at home. Love this place and the attitude of everyone that works here! Great customer service!!!
5	The club is wonderful: awesome smoothie; great teas and more.  The service at the location is beyond description!
5	Steven Panzullo and the whole wellness gang are so friendly and it's such a fun, comfortable environment. Herbalife products have changed my life and I have lost 13 pounds in the first month. I feel energized and motivated to continue my healthy style of living. They are very welcoming and give great advice with life problems! Don't be afraid to come in, you won't regret it! & also they are the cheapest smoothies in the valley.
5	Best place for a awesome protein shake the employees are super nice greet you with a smile and the service is A+.  They make there shakes out of Herbalife which is well know world wide.  And the price is great   A must go place if your looking for a great meal s protein shake before or after the gym
5	Steve the owner is a master of the shakes . the team he got there is amazing and welcoming. love the knowledge they have and the fact that they take the time to explain you about the different protein options and the best choice for you.truly a great experience for me. thank you
5	Tried many Herbalife Smoothies and Wellness Clubs in Scottsdale and the correct calorie and protein amounts at the Scottsdale Wellness Club convinced me.
5	Excellent! Super friendly, very knowledgeable, & an all around awesome environment! I would highly recommend everyone check it out! You can't beat a meal replacement smoothie at 150 calories! 5 stars!
5	Attend the flat bush avenue location and i love it there. i take the island rhythm class on Monday's and i enjoy every minute of the class. christian is a great motivation and i look forward to her class every week. i brought a friend in with me this week and she joined right away!! only down fall about this gym is that they close early on the weekends..
3	expensive but the smoothies here are actually very goodlines are long and blenders could be better. they should use a blendtec with the volume they have going through everyday- only an observation. smoothies take forever to blend compared to other places,very odd service and honestly i was there before 2-3 others and the girl flat out ignored me and took the other girls orders and than after they got their smoothies mine finally comes out. really?! if i placed my order before others in line why would the people who came 5 minutes after me get their smoothie before me.not a bad place but could be better and quicker. like why the hell is there only one girl up front making like 10 smoothies at one time while taking orders and cashing out customers, and than she has to leave and do dishes every 5 drinks or so.invest in new blenders and fix your ordering system and have someone else working up front. maybe have 2 girls- one working as cashier/in the helper position and another girl solely making drinks. lines would move quicker.look at one stop nutritions ordering system and take notes.
