1	Went in after along day of work to get a good pizza.. After watching the employees eat food with their fingers and not washing their hands after turned me off.. But thats not it..they had their own drinks on the same counter where the pizza crust lays..who knows what is on the bottom of those cups.. Dont even want to give them a star..so gross waste of 25 dollars cause we threw the pizza  away..
1	I wouldn't write a review on a franchise unless it pissed me off. I prefer Papa John's pizza to Dominos or Pizza Hut (by far), but there are some major service issues that have made my five ordering experiences pretty irritating.They can't find my house. It's not hard to find, I swear. It's a piece of cake, and a stone's throw from a major crossroad. They had once taken two hours to deliver a pizza, saying they tried to call me (they didn't), only to return to the store and bring it back once I called. Naturally, I was delivered a lukewarm pizza, but in the nicest way possible was told that it was *my* mistake.  Unacceptable, in the age of online ordering and GPS systems in our phones, there is no excuse for getting lost in what is essentially a three mile drive in a straight line. Without complaining, I had received a coupon for a free large pizza. Apology accepted. Upon visiting the store, I got to keep the card *after* ordering because they gave me the wrong toppings. Suckers.Also, they always take longer than the ETA, even in the middle of a weekday. Even now, I am waiting 70 minutes for a 30-40 minute order, and when I had called 15 minutes ago, was told it was on its way, but that construction was holding it up. Yes, there is construction, but you have taken this long in the past without it. Also, construction would not explain why it takes nearly an hour to produce one large pizza. I even tip nicely.I enjoy Papa John's pizza, but unless my complaints are addressed, I will never order from this location again. I will encourage my friends to follow suit. RAWR.
1	I was looking for a better pizza than my Little Caesars or Dominos near my home. Being the discounter, I found that Papa John's had a decent pizza for a nice price. I built my pie online and set up a carryout option with cash payment. Soon I received a confirmation email with all my order information and an ETA of about 20 mins or so. I sent my boyfriend within ten mins to go pick our dinner up. When he arrived, the front counter attendant couldn't find our pizza; leaving Joe to wait an additional thirty mins or so. (He was at the correct location) The attendant then handed my boyfriend TWO pizzas. Clearly, not our order!!  After finding what they thought was our pie based on the ingredient selection, it was luke warm at best and had a sticker for a different client and phone number. I was EXTREMELY disappointed with our experience. I never write reviews-certainly not a bad one-; however, I needed to tell you readers.... Rosati's is worth the gas OR try another location.
4	Friendly service, great food! Always have a good experience when I go and buy! Really great (:
