3	Soda and coffee, that's about all we come here for and it's a bargain.A fountain soda, up to 44 oz is .79 (plus tax), and they have flavors additives you can put in yourself as well as nutrient (?) options -Vitamin B, Ginseng, etc.Coffee here is my thing.  Cinnamon coffee, half & half  -yeah, that's called cream folks, not that powdery artificial stuff.Of course they have some of those sweet creamer mix options too.There's gas, including diesel fuel, beer options in the cooler, chips, and the other assortment of convenience store neccesities.Good location, but the entrance on Guadalupe Rd. is a rough one.
1	Sorry Cliff but I get better customer service at any of the other locations.Decided I'm not going to be hitting this stop any longer since the manager is charging more for coffee.All of the other locations give you a break on filling your own mug.Here they will charge more if your mug even looks big.Gas is cheaper up the road too.I'll just stick with the other locations.
4	Friendly faces behind the counter always makes going to this store a good time. Also, from time to time they have good deals on snacks, Gatorade, and other items...plus they have 79-cent Polar Pop fountain drinks...can't beat that, especially when you're thirsty!
3	Generally the evening and at least one of the morning staff is courteous and good for a chuckle too.  Polar Pops are still a good deal.Flavored coffees get shut down at 9 per Corporate, but this isn't consistent. They don't sell milk here fwiw.I dislike the entrance but glad I drive something that can handle it.  The traffic can be horrendous and exiting can be problematic weekdays during rush hour -am or pm.
5	Excellent prices on soda refills! and a nice selection of fountain soda here, so next time I'm back in the Phoenix area, I know where to go to get my Pepsi at a reasonable price!Plus the person behind the counter was very friendly and prompt at what he was doing, I would highly recommend this place!In regards gas, the prices were good as well, I dont know what brand of gas they have but the car seemed to like it so would have no problem getting gas here again
