5	It's pretty hard to find a damn good burger at a restaurant these days, but man do these guys know how to grill a sweet 8oz burger. With a variety of choices, you will definitely find the burger of your dreams.I ordered 'La Belle,' which is made up of brie, monterrey jack, fig gel, arugula and caramelized onions. On the side come a deep bowl of fries that are cooked absolutely perfect. Apart from burgers, they have a variety of poutines, mac & cheese, salads, appetizers and cocktails. I got to try my cousin's portobello mushroom poutine, and that was delicious. The sauce was rich, not too thick, not too watery, and tasteful, while generously drizzled over cheese curds that were just right. And you know what else? They make fried KOOL-AID pickles. Heck yes! They were great.
5	Amazing burgers and poutine. Decor is also special.
5	Oh. My. God. Seriously, at a loss for words. The Kool-Aid fried pickles were great, the drinks were strong and the burgers were AMAZING!!! Nothing else to say. The pictures of the burgers describe exactly how they taste... like heaven.
3	I tried to write a review on here but it said that my review it too long. Therefore my review is on my blog but the bottom line is: 3 on 5. Good food but the menu isn't all that diverse.Menus are ONLY in French (BOOO!)Service was excellent
5	Simply one of the coolest places I've dined in a long time.The food is outstanding. I mean, outstanding. The burgers are legendary. Great beef and the selection of custom offerings is mind blowing. Awesome fries. And the cole slaw, the cole slaw alone is reason enough to visit this gem. It's not cheap but nothing here in Canada really is and this time around, the food is worth every penny.Wonderful, friendly service. We don't speak French but the service staff is helpful and friendly. Yes, the menu is French but you'll figure it out. Really.We may go back tomorrow night. Yes, it was that good. If you're in Laval, treat yourself. You deserve it.
2	Wow I must have really caught this place on a bad day, basically we stopped by for lunch one Sunday afternoon and ordered some burgers.What was good: Portion and presentation was good.Service was friendlyDecor and location was greatWhat was not good:Burger was bland, all I could taste was the BBQ sauce.  Even when I cut a piece of meat on it's own without anything on it I felt it tasted like something freshly thawed and cooked in a microwave.The other thing I wasn't crazy about is choices were not presented to us when ordering.  If the menu says you have a choice of A, B, C then ask the customer, don't just assume and bring them "A" because that's what 80% of customers choose.Again I'm sure this was an isolated insolent and based on the other reviews I'll give this place another try and update my review based on that.
3	For those asking about my review on La Belle et La Boeuf I wrote about it on my blog with pictures. The review was over 5,000 characters. I'm a chatty Cathy! LOLhttp://www.giftedly-outspoken.com/2013/01/la-belle-et-la-boeuf-review.html
5	Nice atmosphere and great food. If you crave a burger and a great poutine, this is the place to be. We were 11 guys and service was a bit slow but all the girls are very NICE so we didn't mind... :)Great mixed drinks menu.You gotta try this place!Nice and trendy
5	A new favorite!  Super burgers, nice and juicy.  Great atmosphere, excellent music, pretty eclectic menu. Big portions and a great bar selection.  Vraiment tres bien.  J'y retournerai pour sur.  Prix raisonables.  Note:  18+!  So a good reason to ditch the kids...  Man, I wish they would open one in the West Island, we are in desparate need of good restaurants/bars!!!!
4	Every time I drove by the Centropolis I'd notice this "diner". A group of friends planned to watch a movie and since it's conveniently located a mere 2 minutes away from the Colossus, we stopped by to get a bite to eat. We didn't regret it.Pros :- The menu is actually amusing to read, lots of witty and comical names for their food.- Ordered a burger called "Le Laval" and a poutine called "Hey Le Gros". Both were particularly tasty and well worth going back to enjoy. Kindly note, the portions are HUGE and I didn't manage to finish it all. The poutine is HUGE so it can be a main meal (even for 2!). Burgers are exceptionally well done.- For desert my lady and I shared a brownie desert with ice cream, it was very good as well.- Music and atmosphere was retro and kinda neat. Plenty of TV screens to watch a game.Cons :- Service isn't notable, while friendly, not particularly quick and requires several reminders to provide for our table. I don't blame the waiter, as I believe he was simply waiting on far too many tables. He provided a friend at our table the wrong desert and quickly provided the right order.... even gave the wrong item ordered freely to the next table. I don't believe service is a big issue but if you're pressed for time, you may want to come a little earlier.- MUSIC IS LOUD. VERY VERY LOUD.
4	LAVAL... we have a problem. lol. I want to hate this place so badly. A suburb hamburger place that screams doooooche. Fake blonds and muscle men with barbwire tattoos in every direction. But the problem is that I don't hate it.It's not bad. And in a world of bland Baton Rouge and Madison Steak House, this place is at the top of my restaurants in Laval to get a burger with a few friends. The food is ok. I wouldn't go as far as some of the other reviewers, but it will do just fine. The decor is pretty cool. The service works well enough despite always being packed. And every time I go I LOVE the music. So what's the hate... that guy who drove up in the yellow Hummer? Yes, but I see myself returning none the less. PS: The a picture of Larry Bird on the menu. I should give them 5 stars;)
5	I love that place! service is excellent. staff is super friendly. drinks, burgers and poutines are to die for!
4	Very cool Burger joint and I'm even sure that the nightlife is even cooler!  Looks like a place that would be rocking all night long!  Decor and music played really does add to the experience.  If you have been to Cecile and Ramone in Quebec City (like a Hard Rock restaurant) this is it's burger restaurant cousin.  I think I like LB et LB even better!For my lunch I ordered the Classic burger with cheese with onion rings.  It came with a pate chinois (shepherds pie) soup which was a nice interesting touch! The burger arrived with a Kool-aid pickle, creamy coleslaw and a stack of onion rings.  Burger was Huuuuuuge!  I've never had a Kool-Aid pickle so this was a nice touch!  I must come here again to try other items on the menu as portions are very generous.  Vibe of this place is rock n roll meets hipster cool!  Definitely a nice addition to Laval and Centrepolis!
4	Great burger and poutine.  Scotch prices were good too
4	I've been here twice in the last three weeks.  The first time I would have given 5 stars and the second time I would have given 3, so I'll average it out and give this place 4 stars.Overall, I like the atmosphere and the vibe this place offers.  It is very relaxed and the music selection of mostly 80's & 90's rock is outstanding.  The drink menu is impressive and many of the drinks come in very large mason jars.  My coworkers and I each ordered different ones and tried each others'.  They were all delicious.This place is primarily known for their burgers and rightfully so.  I don't know what got into me but I decided to order the veggie burger .  I'm not proud of that decision but I have to admit the "burger" was excellent.  They also serve all of their burgers with a kool-aid pickle, which is a pickle soaked in red kool-aid.  It was surprisingly not bad.During my first visit the service was great.  During my second visit the service was sub-par.  The waitress was not friendly and very slow.  There were several occasions where we asked for something and then proceeded to watch her go and chat for other staff members for 5-10 minutes before going to get what we requested.Overall I would likely return, but there are so many other good restaurants in the Montreal / Laval area that it will likely be a while before I make the rounds back here.
4	This time around I went to La Belle Et La Boeuf for drinks with a friend.  I was pleasantly surprised to see how much people was in that place on a Sunday afternoon... No hockey game, nothing special on those TV screens!  They have good prices on tap beer and pretty cool drinks and cocktails served in those BIG jar... Watch out if you have more than one!
3	Visited again last night and it just seems to get a little more disappointing each time.  The music was so loud that we were literally screaming at the waitress and she still couldn't hear us.  We had to point at the menu to tell her what we wanted.  Don't get me wrong, I love the music selection, but I also like to be able to have a conversation.  I ordered the Californian which is mainly chicken and avocado and it was disappointing.  The chicken was hard ans dry.  I understand this place specializes in burgers but if they have other offerings they should put a little more effort into making them good as well.  I'm keeping them at three stars because I have had other experiences here that were much better.
5	Went here twice during a weekend stay in Laval, the food is fantastic!  Probably the best burgers I've had in Canada.  Their selection offers anything you could want on a burger,  they even have an Elvis burger with PB & banana.  The first time I ordered my fav, a burger with blue cheese and I was WOWED!  If you don't love blue cheese you might not like it, but for me it was blue cheese heaven.  It was dangerously close to having too strong a flavour but they took it right to the limit and it was a success.  Even the atmosphere is bold, with brilliant graffiti on the walls and great music providing a treat for your eyes and ears as well.The highlight of my second visit was a delicious burger with bacon and an egg.  Really really good!  Egg yolk must be natures burger sauce.  It's simple, but when done right it works so well.  I wish my stay was longer so I could try more.  I will definitely be back.
3	Had the burger and Poutine at this location.  The Poutine was way too salty for my taste.  The burger was alright with average fries and an interesting kool aid pickles.  The atmosphere is kinda nice with the patio but nothing amazing.  Would be nice to go once for experience.
5	Very nice place for burger lovers, many choices of patties,  buns and extras, you can even have a lettuce wrapped burger. In addition there is burger for vegetarian , fish or chicken lovers.  Tried the mushroom burger, the fish burger and the traditional, all good and tasty, generous portions, comes with either french fries, coleslaw and cool aid pickles or substitutes for a house salad. The menu also include some poutines and grilled cheese sandwiches but i did not try any so no comments on these. Restaurant is trendy with a full bar including many beer selections. During my few times there service was always good and fast. Friendly waitresses. Prices are reasonable for what your eating. The only strange thing i found was the 18+ only it limit my visit when i am with the kids. All said My favourite burger place in the area; definitely recommend it.
5	Just eat here okay.Everyone else has told you why. I am just saying they're right. Eat hereKool Aid picklePoutine Fried egg burger. Just go here. Okay?
5	OMG no I'm not saying Oh My God, OMG is the name of one of their burgers... I didn't have that one and I was glad I didn't because one of the normal sized half pounders did me in just fine thank you very much.  I had the Capitaine Flam instead.  It was a more traditional cheese, bacon, onion and mayo sort of deal.I had ordered a poutine as well and with so many choices I didn't know where to begin. Seriously if you have trouble decided things in everyday life don't come here.  Your brain will blow up in your head trying to decide.  I ended up with the smoked meat poutine because hey, we are in Montreal yes?  Well technically we are Laval but you get the idea.  The food is is something you won't see everyday in just any place.  To start things off the menu is in Francais.  If you don't speak or read French hope that the people you are with do... I was able to get by just fine but there are some things I just wasn't sure of entirely.  Everything is in order of price from lowest to highest so if you venture down to the bottom items yes you will see some outrageous things like the Epic which I don't think I could finish if I was given an entire day to do so.  For the ingredients of that particular burger there are some things that to me just do not go together but some that do.  For instance bacon and anything just about go but fried Kit Kat?  They should rename this burger "WTF".  Add to that brie, mushrooms oh and 4 x 8oz patties.  Apparently from what I could interpret from the menu is said something to the effect that if you finish it you get your picture taken along with a bottle of Pepto Bismal.  After something like this you would need a cab ride home too.  The photo of the Epic looks like a mountain of food on a plate.  I barely could finish my normal burger because my poutine was gynormous.  My friend had the Pac Mac which was a burger that had the bun replaced with formed mac and cheese that appeared to be breaded and then deep fried both top and bottom.  My other friend ordered a pulled pork that had enough meat fall out to make at least one more sandwich if not two.  The drink menu says on the front of the cover "do not open" in French.  The drink menu is extensive because the bar is like a 10 shelves high.  Some of the items on the shelves are like old TV's and other nostalgic items.I went to this place on a TUESDAY and it was packed.  I was told on weekends it's crazy.  The place looks like a club at best a bar, not a restaurant/bar and the food they serve is something I'd see on TV because everything seemed kind of unreal.  The place is kind of noisy inside as it is sort of a bar scene kind of place.  The music is loud and most of it was '80s and it was really bringing me back to my youth.  This place has to be one of the most unique places to eat I've been in a sense that it's not just a restaurant or just a bar but a real experience sort of what Planet Hollywood was always trying to be and never was if that makes any sort of sense.  The food here is just crazy.  This is not your typical burger bar... Remember when I said the most expensive stuff was at the bottom?  The two bottom poutines were one with foie gras and the other was lobster.  Ya this place is not Five Guys thank you very much.Oh ya if you want a shot of Johnny Walker Blue that's on their drink menu too... just a crazy place you would expect to see in the city as they do have one downtown but in this restaurant area in Laval?  Cool cool cool.We are so going back to this place next time we are back in Montreal.  Literally translated this place means, "Beauty and the Beef".
4	Great atmosphere and great service (especially Laura). Only reason I didn't rate higher is because I did not try the food (already ate). Have today that some pretty good looking girls there on the (Tues) that I was there (don't know if they were single),
5	I took my dad out for lunch and drinks. I have to say it was the best burger i have had in a long time. I just had the classic burger but The meat was perfectly cooked and had a good taste. It came with a house salad which has exellent homemade dressing! My dad had the epic burger which was huge and delicious! I had the beach bum drink which was delicious and my dad has the chambly beer. I recommend for any of you who love burgers and drinks!
