3	Imagine if you will for a moment that @Yelp had half stars.  If they did, I would plant this place right at 3.5 stars.  Not quite 4 star material but pretty good.My philly steak sandwich was tender, juicy, cheesy and tasty.  I would definitely return some time.Service was pretty quick considering my meal was made to order.Prices were fair, about $7.50 for a combo which included fries and a drink.  The sandwich itself is good size, the fries came in a decent portion.  They were thick cut steak fries.The folks working here were friendly and seemed to know a number of the local merchants, several of whom came in and had special requests.
3	The bread, was good. Lightly toasted. the fries, served were very little. I expected more. but hey there fries right!?, A little too much seasoning for me. It seems like they he drenched them in lawry's seasoning.  That goes for the Philly cheeseteak as well. the meat was a little heavy on the seasoning side. But with mushrooms/onions and cheese. It had the right taste. nothing spectacular, but just your average philly cheesesteak. I came in here very hungry. and left the place content. and 7.99$ is a good price.
1	The pizza is the best damn pizza I've ever had at such a great price, the Philly cheese steak is delicious too, however the service is unbelievably slow and not the most professional atmosphere. I've ordered to go from here three times and every time I've had to wait at least 45 minutes to an hour for one pizza. Im not coming back after today, it's not worth my time and there's other pizza places on eastern worth trying.
1	Whoa, i meant to post this back in 2011! OOPS! Zero stars! Me and my roomie called to place a delivery order after a flyer was left at our door. We found a special on mobideals for a bogo cheesesteak. When my roomie called they answered the phone by saying "hello" followed by "who is this?". Once they finally figured out customers actually call their number she asked about the mobideals special. The guy on the phone said rudely "you'll have to come in and we can talk about it because I'm on the other line". We sat there both in shock and then laughed hysterically. Who conducts business like that? We called Mama DePalmas instead and felt guilty for even thinking about giving our business anywhere else.
4	Ordered a Pepperoni Pizza at this place and wasn't disappointed. They delivered it on time and the delivery guy was such a nice guy who waits at the door without any complaints. Because we didn't heard him rang the door bell so he's just there for about 30 minutes or so. Kudos to the management to have such good employee.The pizza taste really good. I love it, would love to order some more.
