4	This place is awesome. I work just down the street and a group of my coworkers go here every Thursday - they call it "Cheap Chinese Thursday." The food is INSANELY cheap - like, between $3 and $4 for lunch, and it's pretty good. The Lemon Chicken is my personal favorite, and I'd go every Thursday if not for the MSG headache. The egg rolls aren't good, though, but seriously, for $3, this place is pretty great. They also have a community table in the middle, which is cool since it's usually packed at lunch and you can usually grab a seat or two at the group table. And, oh yeah: CASH ONLY.
4	If there was a -$ rating for pricing- China Restaurant would get it.  The majority of the menu is  less than $5.  The fact that their food is so cheap actually makes me wonder about some things... but I try to avoid letting my mind wander.Honestly, their food is mediocre.  I had the house chicken which came with soup, a hefty plate of rice, chicken and an egg roll.  The chicken was a overcooked and drowned in too much sauce as a cover up.  The rice was cooked fine however, and I did enjoy the egg roll and soup.I went during lunch and they were very busy but the service was super fast. It is really a small space and they don't have much seating however there are a couple of large circular tables in the middle where they will sit anyone who needs a seat.  That's kind of cool to me.  I can imagine it's a good way to meet people that work around the area.This place is a pushover into the four star realm for me.  If they were ever to raise their prices to be more expensive than McDonalds, it would turn into a 3. But no complaints for right now- if you need a cheap place to eat, this is on the top of my list.
4	As has been noted by the other reviewers, China Restaurant (kudos for the creative name!) is CHEAP. If you've only got $5 for lunch, this is where you want to be.The food is not very authentic (it's Americanized Chinese, what do you expect?), but it is very tasty. I make a point of trying something different every time, and I'm there 2-3x weekly. It's close to my work, and did I mention that's it's cheap? Most lunch combos are around $3.50, with dinners around $5. Dinner combos pile on the sides: wings, wontons, eggroll, and rice as well as a large entree. The quality of the food is surprisingly good, considering the price. Dine-in meals include a bowl of decent egg drop soup.China Restaurant does accept credit cards. I work with the guy who convinced them to start taking plastic, and Cindy, the very friendly and efficient manager, agrees that this was a great move. So, all you non-cash-carrying people, you've got no more excuses to avoid the place.
4	The quality of the food is 3 star, but the price makes it 4 star.They usually have way too much sauce, but it's not too bad otherwise.  If you're looking for a huge lunch for less that $4, it really can't get much better than this.  By far not the best, but it'll do in a pinch and the price can't be beat.
4	Good, Cheap, Chinese and Food - add Buffett and it is explains why Outlook has recurring event function. I would be tempted to live off the $3.50 lunch specials, but I would burn up my savings with time and gas.Combos come with rice, egg roll, crab puff and chicken wing.A la Carte comes with soup, rice, and fortune cookie (Take out = no soup)Menu does not have some standards, i.e., almond chicken - but cashew is certainly acceptable.Sauce abundant but thin, flavors are not bold, and "spicy" is not. However, value for $ is substantial and got plenty of spicy with addition of hot oil.They are tucked into a strip mall with little to no visibility. My sister has lived less than a mile from there for years and did not know it was there. I would not have found this place without Yelp -Thank You.
3	I wish I could write some original witty review, but I have to repeat whats been said before.  It's super cheap, there is absolutely no decor, the lunch special was enough for me to take home as dinner as well, it was fun reveling in a ridiculously value-saturated lunch with 4 strangers.  Egg roll sucks and egg drop soup fairly bland, but entree was fine and surprisingly the fried rice and kung pao chicken were not too greasy.  Definitely will become a weekly lunch spot!
2	Panda Express sounds good. I only gave them 2 stars because it was dirt cheap.
4	Found China Restaurant (clever name don't ya think) end of last year when a friend took me there and have been going since then. I dig the community seating, it gives it a family feel. Plus I am a people person so it just forces conversation with people. Service is fast & you don't have to wait long for your food. Lunch time you can eat for under 5 bucks and come out feeling full. I have tried a few of their dishes, beef broccoli, mongolain beef, and pepper beef and asked them to make them extra spicy and they turn out great! Yea their dishes are heavy on the sauce but I find that the fried rice goes well with the sauce, the lunch combo comes with egg drop soup (I don't care for it, but not cuz of the place just not a fan of eggs) egg roll fried rice & meal all for under 5 bucks! Can't beat that! When you want a fast cheap lunch and not from a fast food joint, give China Restaurant a try!
3	needed to a get a quick meal and chinnise sounded good this was close by and the prices were quite right lunch starting at 3.99 for a full lunch egg roll. rice, soup and main..food was good for the price and were quick with parparing things and having it ready for take out. will return and try something new..
5	The best food I have found the area and the price is right.  You get so much food you have to take home.  Get there early to get a good seat fills up for lunch.  Priced just right.
4	I have to give this place 4 stars based on value alone. I don't know how they stay in business. Not because the food or service sucks, it doesn't, but because a lunch plate that provides 2 meals for me costs $3.99. Soup, an egg roll, and a pile of fried rice and Kung pao chicken. $3.99!? And the food is decent. Not great but good enough that I've been back a few times already. $3.99!
4	This restaurant is very good. Been in business at this location for over 20 years. Prices are low. Portions are large. Strange peanut sauce on the egg fu yung instead of the traditional brown sauce, but it is good and you can substitute the brown.  Everything is consistently delicious. Service is good. Very busy lunch business on weekdays so call in your order if you can. Also they take Visa and Mastercard now so no need for cash on hand.
4	Can't beat the pricing/ plate. The food quality has been very good. Love the chicken wings.
5	Always fast and friendly service. I had the chicken noodle soup today. Can't beat the food, portions, and price.
4	I had the house chicken today. As usual it was hot and tasty. I was in and out in no time. Next time I am going to try the lemon chicken. Not much to look at, but food is predictably good.
2	I don't know why I keep ordering Chicken Egg Foo Yong from this place.  Perhaps because the lunch special price is cheap at $4.92.However, there is so much sauce laden on the egg that you can't even taste it.  This is the 3rd time that I've had this dish and the 1st time was pretty decent, the last 2 times were terrible.  I don't know if they changed their cooks but if/when I come back, I will order something else.  The place gets packed at lunch so they have to be pretty decent.
4	I have been eating at China Restaurant since 1997. The place looks pretty beat up, it always has, however don't let looks fool you. The chef in the back has been doling out hundreds of lil gem dishes for years and years. With very affordable lunch menu and a hurry up and eat and leave attitude, this place is great.I highly recommend lunch here and even dinner. Good food (A LOT) fast service.Have eaten here a hundred times or more, never sick, always full, and my wallet still with money in it.
4	Been coming here a couple of years now. The food is pretty average for a Chinese food place. The interior is nothing to write home about. But the fact that when I walk in I'm greeted by a big welcoming smile along with the price for lunch keep bringing me back. I have figured out the #1 house chicken is my favorite (extra spicy). I come here once every other week or so, but when I walk in they immediately recognize me and ask if I want the house chicken. This is a nice touch in our crazy world and one that I appreciate. Also if you ask to sub the egg roll for the chicken wings you'll get 2 wings those are pretty great as we'll.
4	excellent lunch dishes.  portions are huge.  try the chicken chow mein-the best.
4	First time I ate here was 20 years ago n I loved it.  Through the years anytime I'm in the area I try to stop   The service has improved - I recalled being asked to leave a tip at some point (rude) but nonetheless their food is prices just right.  My favorite is lemon chicken. And the best crab puffs.  Their soups are pretty good as well
4	It's a beat up Chinese restaurant with good food and ridiculously low prices. A regular lunch spot for me, since it's near my office.  Service is very quick as they make every effort to get you out to make room for the next customer. Not the kind of place where you can lounge around as you will receive a look from the staff that clearly says it's  time to go. But the good food and great prices make the former easy to get past.
5	This place is awesome .  Although the place looks older the food is great and the employees are friendly. The lunch specials run around $5.00 and that was with a soda! I will post some pictures during my next visit.  If your looking for some good Chinese and are in the area stop in.
5	Locally owned, AMAZING PRICES! Staff was on the ball and we were asked several times if we needed anything. The portion size was really impressive! I had plenty to take home and have dinner as well! You can't beat it! Two meals for about $5! Will definitely return! Highly recommended!
5	Seriously some of the best Chinese food I've had. What a pleasant surprise for an assuming little place in a strip mall. The egg drop soup was the best I've eaten and my lunch was $4.75!  It fed me twice!!!
3	Cheap and good for the price, lunch special includes fried rice, egg roll, soup and entree.  Will continue to ear here when working in the area
