2	Expensive for food that is mediocre.  The wait time for the food was incredibly long and they weren't even that busy.  Lame.
2	As a recent Chicago transplant, I've really been missing Chicago pizza. Imagine my amazement when I discovered that there was an Uno's in Madison! Wrong. While the original Pizzaria Uno (at Ohio and Wabash) is wonderful, something is lost in translation here. I can't even explain it. It's just bad. The hunt for good deep dish in Madison continues...
3	solid food....very good service and kid friendly....a sure spot in the dells rotation.
3	It's OK. We were staying in the hotel nearby and the roads were terrible, so we walked over. Some interesting local craft beers on tap, but not a single pale ale; three stars there. Interesting pizza choices on the menu, and other choices for people who wanted something different. The pizza was good--not great, but better than your average delivery pizza. I like their crust, the toppings tasted fresh, and sauce had flavor--food 3 stars. Service also three stars--friendly & prompt.  For a chain restaurant, Uno's is better than most, though would much prefer a locally owned pizzeria.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------FYI From Mens Health (should you care about such things): Uno Chicago Grill Chicago Classic Deep Dish Pizza2,310 calories 162 g fat 123 g carbs 4,470 mg sodiumDowning this "personal" pizza is equivalent to eating 18 slices of Domino's Crunchy Thin Crust cheese pizza.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Of course it tastes 18 time better, so there is a trade-off...
4	Very good service and great pizza! The staff did a great job with refills and making the 4 kids in our group comfortable. The bloody Mary bar looked great.
1	Horrible, horrible service.  I went twice before writing a review.  the first time I thought maybe it was an off day.  The second time, they lost me as a customer.  The wait staff was more interested in talking about their weekend plans than serving customers.  The food was okay, nothing special.  But, for the price, I expect a little more service from a staff that realizes they're not working at Denny's.  Hell, Denny's usually has pretty solid service.  This place will have to go to an extreme to get me to return.  If I could give them zero stars, I would.
4	Great place for lunch. Fast and friendly service. Nice options of combos like salad and soup. Soup and burger. Soup and pizza. I am fan of the soups here. They are really fresh and i can try more than onesoup in all you can eat soup. Great value for the price you pay. I have to try to for dinner sometime.
3	Good, clean pizza/bar place.  Numero Uno pizza is the way to go and they have a decent amount of beers on tap.  Wait staff is nice and friendly.  This is a chain, so you know exactly what to expect every time.  Good consistency.
4	I had the spinoccoli deep dish pizza and i loved it! It was very delicious but the only thing keeping me from 5 stars was that I understand that It was small and the pizza wasn't as filled as I would like it to be for the price. I also had the chi town appetizer platter and it was not bad. I could tell that the chicken tenders were made from scratch and the avocado egg rolls were pretty good! My meal overall was very filling and I'm extremely happy with my meal and service overall.
4	I've eaten here with my family as well as with coworkers.  The menu accommodates a wide variety of diet choices.  My wife eats gluten free and I work with vegetarians.  All are full when we leave.  Yes, the pizza can be a bit greasy.  But they also serve other foods including pastas and seafood.  Our service has always been wonderful and the food good.  It is a bit pricey though.
3	Enjoyed a Guacamole burger and fries for lunch a last week. It was good but not memorable.
3	We called in an order for delivery from our hotel, which advertised them on their room keys and gave us a delivery menu, only to be told they don't start delivery until 5pm. So...take note of that.The pizzas were decent. We got some crazy deals, I think, because our order *should* have come out to waaaay more. Maybe it was a discount for them not delivering at lunch time...
4	8/10/13 and 8/11/13 We stopped in to enjoy the bar.  They had Ale Asylum Hopalicious, Lake Louie Warped Speed Scotch Ale, and New Belgium Brewing Rampant Imperial IPA on draft along with several others.  Tasty craft beers found at a chain restaurant are rare from my experience.  We learned it was happy hour all day on Sunday for several food items.  Their chili nachos and Caesar salad were tasty.  We enjoyed their deep dish spinoccoli with sausage.  It's not on the menu, but they still make it.  They play a nice and varied mix of music and have several TV's for sports watching.  We plan on stopping in more frequently.  In the past this wasn't a personal favorite.
4	Stopped by here after seeing a movie across the street.  The place wasn't very busy for a late Saturday night and I think we were the only ones sitting in the bar area.  This place had some New Glarus on tap which is a must anytime I am in Wisconsin. Our server was great and got us everything we needed quickly.  It wasn't till after we were served our food that we realized we didn't have any silverware.  It took a while for our server to come back into the room but once he did we waved him down and he promptly brought out silverware for us.  We both really enjoyed our pasta dishes.  And there was plenty of food and I ended up taking half mine home.
4	Great for a quick lunch! Such a large variety on the menu, it will surely meet anyone's needs!
3	UNO, I truly love your food.  It is decadent and amazing and watching my significant other eat his way through an entire deep dish and straight towards a heart attack is especially rewarding.  However, I am incredibly disappointed in your new delivery system.  I am in the correct zip code and I had food delivered to my house twice with no issues.  Apparently something has changed, because after placing a third order the other night, I was informed that you do in fact deliver to my zip code... Just not to my apartment.  What gives?  Why did this change out of nowhere?  We had just added UNO to our weekly Friday delivery rotation and then you had to go and break our hearts.But fine.  I understand.  I won't be spending as much money there but I wasn't mad because my apartment is about ten minutes away and maybe that's just too far.  But the girl who delivered this news could not have sounded like she cared any less about the inconvenience.  Just asked if we could come pick it up.  No explanation.  No offer to make things better or take a bit off the bill.  Just a flat, slightly irritated statement.  Thanks a lot.The macaroni really hits the spot on a bad day.  Real shame about the disorganization and attitude though.  We could have had a beautiful relationship, UNO.
5	Ordered online and picked up...20 mins later, I was enjoying deep dish and artisan style pizzas.  Pizzas were great and affordable...will def order again. Glad it's very close to me.
4	Since writing my review, we have had UNO successfully deliver to our apartment three times, so perhaps the glitch in the system is fixed!  Thank you!
1	The service at this location is slow, the prices are outrageous, the food is totally sub-par, the drinks are always made super duper weak, and they close really early. I don't suggest coming here for a good time. The servers are nice, but I would suggest going to a more delicious location.
3	Excellent service. Fast to  get in. Food was tasty. Except the steak was a little well done. Salmon was amazing and the farro salad delicious. Friendly waitstaff and hosts. We came with a coupon so it was more affordable,. We will be back.
4	I had an Italian Wedding Soup (the soup of the day) and one of their artisan pizzas with Prosciutto. The soup was pretty okay. The pizza was great. The crust's texture was lovely, a slight chewiness on the inside and a delicate crispiness on the outside (though sadly this quality did not survive refrigeration). The flavor was interesting and worked. The server was fairly prompt and the food came pretty quickly, too. A solid place to eat.
3	Stopped here with my fiance and another couple on the way from Chicago to the dells for dinner. Place was pretty quiet for a Saturday evening which was surprising. Food was your typical UNO's experience, if you have never been to an Uno's try the deep dish pizza it is pretty good, Though like most Uno's the menu is huge but i always get the pizza, service was good,fast and friendly.
5	Great staff and food. The potato skins deep dish thing is amazing. I don't care much for salads normally but love the honey crisp chicken salad.
1	Worst experience please don't go this shitty placeLong wait for order delivery .for fucking sandwich they took 1 hour, the bartender is very careless and replied to me "i am not making it ". Damn worst service in my entire life.Manager is also worst and racial.
4	This is not homemade food.  This is a chain restaurant.  That being said, it's a good one.  I really like their pizza.  Maybe its something they put in the crust but they keep me coming back for more.
