4	I have been to see one other illusionist in a similar theater and Jan Roven with his death defying theme was better. I was most impressed when he switched places with his assistant. If you like choreography, there was a lot of it between illusions, some could be shortened. It was a good show for my 5 year old. They also offered food service in the theater (nachos, chicken strips, couple other items)
2	Somewhat predictable illusions.  A little entertaining personality and dancers.  Good for kids.  With some better illusions and more show, it could be good.
4	Jan Rouven was Amazing!I got 5 comped tickets through my Company to see this show and to be honest was not expecting much from a show at the Clarion. Boy was I wrong!Us ladies were running behind schedule getting ready and dolled up for the night so we ended up walking in as the show was about to start.We were seated in a booth in the back of the showroom and asked if we would be able to sit closer as we saw many open booths in the front open. No problem the Usher moved us to a booth up front and center stage! We were so close we could smell the sweat of the performer's bodies!Jan Rouven is not only nice to look at and adorable with his German accent, he can really put on a show!The magic/illusion stunts he does are really good, we were extremely entertained with ALL of his acts.He provides for some audience participation which is fun!His dancer's both female and male are awesome as well!Criss Angel should come see this show and take note on what a real illusions show should be! Jan Rouven puts Criss Angel to shame and does not have a nasty cocky attitude that Criss does.After the show Jan came out and signed autographs, and took pictures with everyone! He is so sweet and down to earth!This show is children friendly as well.The music had me bumping in our booth!4 Strong stars well deserved!
5	I've seen many of the magic shows in Las Vegas, and Jan Rouven is absolutely among the best..  This is a must-see show.    It is very entertaining, and the theater is not too large so everyone has a good seat.The venue for the show is the Clarion hotel -- it is just off the strip near the north end.  The Clarion describes itself as a hotel/casino, but the casino only has slot machines.   The show is targeted at adults, but there is no "adult" content - so it is safe to bring your kids and they won't be bored.  It is not, however, a "family-centric" magic show like some of the afternoon shows at other venues.I give this two thumbs up.
4	Jan Rouven was great! I was a bit worried about what to expect since it was a show off the strip, but I would definitely recommend to friends and family. He is a bit more personal with the audience (looks for audience members to participate) which I think is great.The only thing I found a little cheesy was him trying to sell his magic kit at the end of the show. I suppose that's how upcoming magicians start out? Regardless, after the show he met everyone in the front entry way to "autograph" entry tickets or anything else which is very personable and warm.Go see him. Skip David Copperfield. I honestly hope he makes it big in Vegas. He's charming, handsome, funny, and very down to earth. He's certainly a rising star.
5	An absolute must see.  Fun, entertaining, involves audience, family friendly!  The dancers were the most professional. The illusions were the best I've seen (or not!). The hotel isn't where you want to stay or play, so just ignore that. Go for the show.  Jan Roven needs a bigger venue. He'll be moving up fast.
4	Not your usual magic acts! Lots of amazing illusions that makes you wonder "how do they do it", venue was a little smaller than expected and there was more dance performances than I would have expected for a magic show.....Jan takes the time to hang out with you after the show which is really nice and unexpected.
5	My family and I  (includes two boys ages 10 and 7) just saw this show on 12-20-11.  Jan is an exceptional magician / showman.  The illusions were great, the cast (dancers) were excellent, the stage - props and music were great.  During this Vegas trip we saw Mystere, Illusions and Phantom.  My boys liked Illusions the most.  A standout portion of this show was the personal touch of meeting and taking pictures with Jan after the show.  He was very nice, especially with kids.  My boys have never had the experience of taking a photo with a star, until now.  While these shows are all different genres, even my husband and I thought Illusions was toe to toe with Mystere and Phantom.  Much better price.  The only con is the location, the Clarion is a bit cheezy, but hey, see the show and leave, you can't count the location against him.  Loved it!
3	I must be tainted with magic as I only thought the show was average.  Jans seems like a really nice and personable guy, but his magic was a bit sub-par when compared to what you see with David Copperfield or Criss Angel.  I guess all the illusionists have the same premise with people disappearing and reappearing, but Copperfield and Angel just seem a lot more "polished" and entertaining, but I guess you pay for what you get.What I did like is that at the end, Jans comes out and takes pictures with his audience.  Also, the theater at the Clarion was small, so no matter where you sit, you're going to get a decent seat.  However, I must warn you that he did say he's moving to the Riviera in a few weeks, so I'm not sure how their theater is set-up.Overall, the show was decent considering we got privileged (I think that's what they called it) tickets, so the price was half with a buy one get two tickets admission which you can find in the Las Vegas show magazines you get for free at hotels.  With the privileged tickets, you get seated before the general admission ticket holders and if you get the tickets with the buy one get two coupon, it's pretty much the same price, so you might as well get this deal for better seats.  Oh, and the buy one get two coupon doesn't work for general admission tickets, so...Overall, it was good to see a magic show for cheap, but there are probably better ones out there.
4	To my suprise the show was great!
4	Great illusion show at the Riviera Starlite Room.  Good venue, strong act, VERY FUNNY and enjoyable.  Would definitely return to the Riviera and recommend Jan Rouven to others.
4	At first I was kind of scared that the show would be a disappointment because it was at the Rivera which is off the strip and seemed a bit run down. The theater was small although it was a full house. He definitely deserves a better theater. Some illusions were sub par, a couple I've seen before, but several that were quite mind-blowing!! He has a very charming personality and is sooo adorable! :) Great humor. My mom had watched David Copperfield before and she says she likes Jan a lot more. In fact she didn't think Copperfield's stuff was very realistic. Oh the accent.
4	Since the unfortunate departure of Ziegfried and Roy and retirement of Lance Burton. Las Vegas Have been left with a few tired magic act with performers that are as enthusiastic about being there as the janitors are cleaning up after the show! That is a sad thing considering this is the land of big show , big magic, and the whole place is really one big illusion ! Well worry no more cause there is a new kid in town and he came with all the personality, skill and showmanship of the best. He is Jan , and i am very happy to say after my attendance of his show last night, i am a fan! Good looking, full of excitement, funny, great dancers and best of all he get 's it. He knows how to make you squirm with anxiety...is he really going to do that? or is he going too far this time..that is what it is all about! There is a huge TV star doing magic in town and every single trick basically ends in TA DA! again and again, it is like watching some kid in his parents basement doing a birthday party. Jan makes it sexy, makes it tense and makes it funny. Only thing he need to work on is his American humor, just a bit....make it a little racier and we are there right along with Roy, Lance and all the greats!I would almost bet he won't be at the Riviera for long, the majors have got to be watching this new kid from Germany and counting how many days till their current contract with who knows what is up so they can get him his own showroom. A little fancier prop and stage set, few more dancer which by the way are all fantastic, sexy, energetic and well choreographed. Bravo to Riviera for booking this undiscovered gem. I shall see him soon at one of the mega resorts, i hope.
5	so beyond his hotness  jan rouven is a geniunely great magician.  I don't have a clue as to how he does his illusions and am scared for him.  He is an amazing person and very sweet.  What i would like to see is levetation kind of stuff but i don't know if he reads this or am kind of too shy to say that to him. I would be more than willing to practice this with him :) I am very entertained by him.  It is way more real than any  other magician i have ever seen. I think he can grow to the likes of david copperfield and criss angel not only because of his talents but his personality and carisma .  I have read parts of other reviews that may think he is a typical magician but he is what this town wants which is why i think he can develop into a more household name.  He is easy to approach and seems to really have a lot of respect for his fans.
5	I saw this show again last night at it's new location in  the Riviera.  It was my Dutch friend's last night in Vegas and the show was the perfect way to end his first Vegas vacation. Even though it was my second time seeing this show, I had a great time and remained impressed.    I still don't know how Jan accomplishes his illusions, but that's OK with me.  Jan is also very funny and has some great facial expressions during the show.  There is a lot of interaction with the audience and some great laughs.  There were more people in the audience than the first time I saw him, but Jan still spent time after the show talking with people and taking pictures.
4	Good show, Jan was funny and the tricks were pretty cool.  Kids really enjoyed.The Bad: venue was in Riviera (third world casino).   Cheapo seats (general admission for us) and no stadium so it was very difficult to see if you are medium to short height.
5	The staff at the Riviera recommended this show to our group of six women.We all enjoyed Jan Rouven's charming personality and audience rapport as well as his sense of humour.  He made sure to include children in the audience participation and seemed to make them feel at ease.  Even without all this, we would have enjoyed the fantastic illusions.  It won't be long before he is in a larger  theatre more suitable to his immense talent.  He took the time after the show to take pictures and sign autographs and chat with audience members.  We never had the sense that he was just "going through the motions".  Be aware that the current theatre is not the best venue for this show.  We got discounted tickets and the show was sold out, leaving us sitting quite far back with poor sight lines.  We still choose to give five stars, based on the show alone.
2	We got the general admissions seats, and even though there were seat numbers on the tickets, we were told that seating would be first come, first served. We ended up sitting in the very last row of the small theater (in a casino that was in major need of an update to the twenty first century). The seats were not raised, so we couldn't see anything to begin with. The show itself was on a stage, and not broadcast on the two screens mounted on the walls, even though it looked like there was a capability of doing so. The stunts were pretty average, and there was so much provocative dancing involved that I want sure what I had paid too watch. Not really family friendly. The interesting illusions are few and far apart. If not for the dancing, it would be fun to take kids to.
2	Im surprised so many have enjoyed this show. First of all, it is in a very poor venue that looks like a dirty conference room. The seats are not stadium seating so if you get stuck behind big hair like I did you wont see much.Second, the tricks are only about 7 of them in a whole hour and a half and only 2 of them were any good. It goes like this: Trick, then 5 minutes of very average time wasting dancers, then he talks for at least 7-10 minutes then next trick. There were people even heckling him to get on with it!! My friend fell asleep. I am a seasoned Vegas show goer and have seen all cirque du soleil, le reve, v, and many more and this was the worst show ive seen. Chris Angel was also terrible but at least nice theater and show props. Too bad Lance Burton retired, he was the best in Vegas. Instead find discount tickets for David Copperfield. This guy has potential but this show needs a lot of work....
4	I really enjoyed the show! Wasn't anything crazy but Jan Rouven was great! He was very funny! The only down side is how they cram you in there. The seats could be moved a little bit far apart! Overall the show was good and I would see it again when family comes to town.
5	Jan was amazing tonight, my wife came with me on this trip, and we love a good magician, and Jan and his team really delivered. The best part was how close were to the stage. It as really fun, all the dancers looked like they were having fun, and they had achieved a fun ensemble cast feel... I will be back and will bring business associates as well. Stephen W Smith
5	Jan was very funny and charming! He is a great entertainer. Riverra is not a great venue but this show is worth watching!
5	Great show for the entire family!
5	Honestly this guy is so likable how could you not enjoy the show? He's very kind and you just want good things to happen for him. We paid 20 a ticket and I would say it is worth every penny of that. Clearly the show does not have a big budget or I am sure Jan could be just as flashy as all the other shows. You can waste over 100 on Criss Angel and watch him obsess over himself or you could give this guy a chance. Groupon gave us the deal and if it is on there then I would say purchase it. You cant regret spending 20 on this show. Can't wait to see good things happen for Jan Rouven.
5	This show is amazing!  very fun, exciting & definitely leaves you wondering how each illusion is done and wanting more. Jan is so friendly and personable, he was cracking jokes and would talk to the audience all throughout the show.   I love how he incorporates the audience in several of his illusions. Jan is very playful and includes everyone young, old, women, men and children.  The show is definitely family friendly.   Jan is much more attractive in person than the posters and I loved his accent.  The dancers were very good and helped pass the time between acts.  As stated in some other reviews its located in the Rivera which is one of the older casinos located at the end of the strip but that doesn't take away from how amazing this show really is. Don't get turned off by the venue.   My advice is to go see this show!
3	Cons:  1.   The ushers scam for tips hard.   They tell you to "pay them tips" to get to a VIP area:  We in fact already bought VIP (paid top dollar for the best tickets in the house).  That got us next to the same people who bought preferred tickets.  The difference..you get a fold out table as your big prize for paying for VIP - oh and they make you share the table with couple behind you.  We later found that these crooks keep the real VIP sofas for their own and tell people they can have them by "hooking them up on the downlow".   Awful.2.  The Riveria is an absolute dump filled with what looks like ex-criminals.  You wouldn't feel very safe bringing your wife or family here.  Honestly.  And when you get in the "theatre" it is simply a bunch of fold out chairs sitting in a conference room.  It's well below other Vegas acts.Pros:1.  Jan is pretty funny guy.  This is the best part of the show aside from the illusions.  He is from Germany with a funny accent (and he will play up the part very well).  He looks exactly like Dana Carvey and you would swear he is going to do the church lady routine at any moment.  haha.2.  The tricks are pretty fun...if you are a big fan of illusions and magics acts some of this you will have seen before...be he doesn't them a bit differently.  All flawlessly.3.  He is VERY engaging with the audience.  He actually had my fiance come on stage and did a great act with here.  He welcomes kids and is great with them.  He has them come on stage.  He walks way to the back of the audience many times over to make sure everyone has a blast.  Great.4.  Best part - he meets with every single person after the show...he will offer as much time as needed to get an autograph to everyone.  And he will talk with anyone who wants to for as long as you want.  Talk about cool.  Try doing that with Chris Angel.  Not a chance.
5	First of, to compare this venue with the theater of one of the Cirque du solei shows makes no sense! Those are in the newer hotels with ticket prices that are a lot higher than those for Illusions. I was actually impressed with the room Jan Rouven had his show in because I expected less, knowing it was in the Riviera....I used to dance as a teen so I was able to value the dancers knowing that what they performed was truely difficult although it looked easy( which it always does when something is done well).His magic tricks were amazing- each one of them and made us wonder how in the world he did that. Jan is funny and quite handsome which lead to an evening filled with laughter, wonder and great memories.At the end of his show he took time to take pictures and talk with everyone who wanted to do so.
5	Amazing! Jan is so personable, funny and talented! I seriously have no clue how he did any of his illusions. My mind is blown. lol. There is also audience participation which I liked. I personally also love that this show is at the Riviera. I'm a fan of old Vegas and having been born & raised here (still here, obviously) I've seen a lot of changes but I'm glad Riviera is still around. I love all the pictures of great entertainers that have been to the Riviera, which include a couple pictures of my beloved Elvis. :) But anyway, it's definitely a must see show!
5	This Illusions show was beyond belief.  Jan was funny and AMAZING.   How does he do it???  The crew and backup dancers/performers were equally as good.  Do yourself a favor and visit this performance with your kids at the Riviera.  It is by far the best $ and entertainment for the money on the Strip.  I took my 11 and 14 year old.  "G" Rated, Fun, family entertainment that will keep you guessing, like it has for us...  FYI:  You don't even need to buy to "Best seats"  the Ushers were happy to sit you up close if seating is available.  FYI: The Hotel itself and service there is not the greatest, but deal with it and Jan Rouven will make up for it!
5	This show was amazing and entertaining. I left wanting more and more. The illusions were great and some of them were so fast I wondered if Jan had a twin. He was very personable as he communicated with the audience members. This show should be held at a higher end venue!
3	Solid 3.5 stars.The good parts of Jan's (pronounced Yan) show were terrific.  I won't get into any details but the trick where he submerged himself in water and the "origami" tricks were both better than Criss Angel's entire show.  Jan himself is very likeable and actually had some pretty funny jokes.  One spontaneously hilarious moment was when his volunteer for one trick was a lady well over 70.  He wanted her to speak into his microphone headpiece and she chose to just kiss him on the lips like he was Richard Dawson from the old Family Feud shows.  He was pretty surprised to say the least.  Really funny!There was one trick he does that every other magician on the strip does and another trick he did with the exact same big metal prop as another magician down the street which I found pretty weird.  But even with those minuses, it's still one of the better magic shows in town.Tipping the ushers will get you better seating.
5	Jan is funny, entertaining and connects with his audience. The dancers are awesome, the pace of the show is great and the length is good. We had age ranges between 12 years old and 60+ and everyone loved it! He meets with his fans after for a photo op so that was cool. FYI: Got a great Groupon discount for this show. It is well worth it!
5	Everyone loved it. Jan is so entertaining, sweet and funny, and so good with his fans. He recognizes you hours after the show and jokes around with you. Show was AMAZING! Grandpa loved it, kids loved it, we had great seats, jan is super cute (and super gay) and his charme is irresistable.Breathtaking tricks, great dancers, very funny, adorable accent, keeps audience engaged, just plain awesome
5	absolutely amazing! This guy needs a bigger stage. Stunning illusions, great dancers, the only thing I couldn't stand was the awful German music before the show starts. Stefan Raab? Seriously?? Jan's personality is great, his jokes are funny, he is so charming and his accent adorable. He is a GREAT entertainer!
5	Freaking legit!!!
4	Very entertaining show and reasonable priced! Jan is so charismatic and charming! I also loved that it was at an old Vegas hotel; the Riviera.
5	The show was wonderful! Jan was very engaging with the audiences, funny guy. The dance was great also, good change of pace after each exciting act. The magic went so fast which the brain took a while to realize what had happened a few feet in front of your eyes. I would also recommend the preferred seating.
4	Had a great time with the family and I was able to take my 2 year old. Would recommend to anyone looking to have a nice night out with family.
5	Great show overall. It isnt the most glamourous of venues, which Jan truly deserves for his talent and humor. It was amazing to see and would recommend to my friends. This guy is gonna be huge. Go see if in Vegas! !!
5	Enjoyed the show! A lot of good tricks and a  good dose of humor involved! Loved it! we got to talk to him and take pictures with him! He is very friendly and a nice person! Only peeve would be the seating! We got general admission tickets and the seats we were in weren't good! There were two tall people in front of us and I had to watch the while show between their heads! Wish they'd change the seating!
4	groupon had a great deal for 22bucks. Great show. Backup dancers were great and entertaning. Trick by Jan Rouven were outstanding. Worth the watch. Its at Riviera so old casino at the end of the strip and seats were are little outdated. But still a great show
4	This was a cool show. We got the tix on Groupon. Totally worth it. This is better than some shows I've paid way more for. The seating is inconvenient,  which is why only four stars. Rouven was very nice and humble. He took the time after to take pics and autograph stuff for everyone. The show had a comical element as well, so win!
5	We had a great time at Jan Rouven magic show. Reminds me of Copperfield when he was younger and hungry to do split second illusions, that leaves you scratching your head.Was very impressed with Jan, funny and sincere. He actually submerged himself under water mid show, live! When was the last time you saw any magician do that?If you could only see one magic show in Vegas, I strongly recommend Jan. Don't bother with Criss Angel (criss worse off the two) or David Copperfield. Both are just coasting on their reputation.
5	Excellent show!! We were all very entertained with Jan and his crew!Show was very original, the whole room had a great time. Went to Blue Man Group the next day and it didn't compare at all!! If you go to Vegas come see this show!
5	Great show for adults and kids.  I've seen Copperfield, Siegfried and Roy, Lance Burton and several others.  Rouven's illusions are up there with any of them if not better, but delivered in a humorous and endearingly self-effacing manner.  Top notch.Wish he were in a better venue than the Riviera, but I imagine that will change in the future.
1	This review is not about the show but more about how the staff performed before we were let in (or better yet, weren't) to see the show. We picked up a Travelzoo deal, with a "first come first serve" caveat. We showed up in plenty of time and were escorted to a holding area with others (about 150 others by show time). The staff proceeded to tell everyone that those with either the travelzoo voucher or mobile app version would have to go back to the box office to redeem for a Riviera box office voucher before we could get in. So one of us held our line position and the other headed down to get the voucher. Nice person working the box office, but it took 20 min in line to get to him - he was the only person working and the process seemed to be all paper not automated or software based.Upon returning to the original line, nobody had moved into the Starlight Theater. 15 min later our evening Host or Theater manager came out to the crowd to explain to everyone that the theatre had reached capacity and that no one else from this group (150+), who had waited close to an hour+ would be let in BUT could come back on another day. WTF?!?!?!First come first serve to me means you get let in to general admission with everyone else until the room is full - Not, "let's put everyone into a holding tank, see how many full-price paying clients show up and then let a few of the Groupons, Travelzoos, etc, in. We asked of we could use the voucher to access a different show that night to accommodate our travel schedule but we were told NO. Call Travelzoo to get a refund. Pretty bad customer experience. Good Disappearing act or way to create an enormous illusion!My advice, attend a different show in Vegas, there are tons of options.
4	I really enjoyed Jan's show.  I thought he was incredible entertaining and charming.  His interactions with the audience made the show that much better.  He's just darling!My family and I left the theater scratching our heads.  "How did he do that?? how did they do it that fast???"   We talked about it for an hour after and we can't figure out his tricks. :)   I loved how he brought in audience members and just interacted with everyone so well.  At times I had to sit and think "are they fake audience members?" b/c he was so charming with everyone.I thought it was very cool that he and the cast meet up with audience members after the show to do pictures and autographs.  I SO wanted to take a picture with him to put on my FB profile and on instagram, but my folks didn't want to wait and were ready to go.  lol. My only disappointment was the venus.  Rivera is ok, but I felt the seating could have been better.  More stadium seating so ppl's heads won't get in the way.  I feel Jan needs a bigger venue so he can really shine.  I feel his talents will bring that on soon. :)   Great show.  Very worth the price.   I got my tickets via halfpricetickets and i felt it was WAY worth what I paid.  My family and I went to see Ka the night before and we didn't enjoy it nearly as much as we enjoyed this show.
5	Very impressed.  Was debating on Criss Angel, or Jan Rouven.  All of the reviews swayed me away from Criss, and towards Jan.  Right call.  Voted best in 2013.Some of his tricks seemed a bit redundant, but a few were awesome to watch.  I would like to see what he could do given a better venue and bigger budget.  The best part is his personality and friendliness and he sticks around after the show to talk to each and every person and takes pictures with him.  I wish him the best of luck on his career.
1	Again this review is not about show but how you get treated with general admission ticket. I arrived at show 45 min before show opens with general admission ticket. Still got last seat. Seating arrangement in back for general admission ticket is flat, so if some one is seating in front of you ( which off course many people will) you won't see a thing. It was waste of money and time. Will never go again there.
5	Jan Rouven is absolutely worth seeing - The theater, in the Riviera, is a dump but don't let that deter you....his tricks are incredible and the entire performance is very polished, humorous.  Amazing!  He'll definetely be picked up by a big casino someday soon so I would see him now while it's a more intimate experience and less expensive ticket.
5	Being someone that just turned 21 this past year, I wasn't excited about going to some magic show while I was in Vegas. But I ended up getting dragged with my parents so my brother and I ended up going. Surprisingly, I had an amazing time watching the show, laughing at his humor and getting my mind blown by his illusions. My whole family enjoyed it too. Jan Rouven is a skilled, comical, and very nice illusionist and I would highly recommend going to watch his show. Yes his show was voted as the best magic show in Vegas in 2013 and I can see him going big soon so watch while you can. Him and his cast even stay behind after the show and sign things for you if you want and to also take pictures with everyone! His show does not disappoint!
4	Amazing Show - Jan delivers the best magic show. This was last minute addition to our list of shows but it was worth it. We will highly recommend Illusions - it's must watch. I am sure few of us has faced issues in getting thru' the gropon deal. I guess typical holiday weekends, Rivera management tends to act weird.  Yes, the location doesn't do justice for the show. He needs better Theater and Location to go big in Vegas. Till then enjoy the magic at low rates.Few things on Groupon experience : (Show was houseful when we watched it)1. Yes, we had a Groupon deal. Based upon reading earlier reviews we decided to reach venue @ 4 PM. But @ the Theater the mgr 'Michael' said we are too early and should come back around 5/5.15 (no other viewers were present @ 4PM).  Raised the suspicion that we might be turned around.2. @ 5 - we got into the line for VIP seats along with everyone else (read non-Groupon). we got entry with everyone else and very first row.3. Electronic voucher was honored and no one ask for paper copy.
5	I have seen a lot of magic shows and Jan Rouven is one of the best I have seen. The illusions in this show are impressive and exciting. The dancers are talented, edgy, and the routines are creative.  (I get tired of seeing the same "showgirl" style costumes and half-hearted Choreography).  My favorite thing about the show is that Jan is so charming and witty. I hate seeing magicians and comedians that are awkward or uncomfortable. Jan rouven was funny, confident, and humble. I really enjoyed my experience  watching the show and what really topped it off was that he met with any guest afterward who wanted a photo or autograph.  and he was so kind and personable. This show is appropriate for children but also really entertaining for adults.
4	You get as much as you put into it yourself, go see it once and the performers give 100%...
5	Unbelievable.  By far the best magic show in Vegas, even including Copperfield, much as I loved Copperfield.  This guy was phenomenal.  I could not even begin to guess how he did these tricks, they were that good.  He deserves to be at a major spot on the strip, not the Riviera.
5	This show is truly amazing! I've seen multiple magic shows and one thing that stood out is the originality! It was original, clever, and overall just a magnificent magic show! The dancers keep you engaged instead of sitting there like other shows. I highly recommend this show for anyone who comes to Las Vegas and would defintely be watching this again next visit!
3	Short: not something you have to see!Long: I've seen worse, but I've never been bored in a Vegas show so far...It's located in the Riviera, which is at the bottom of the strip and fairly easy to reach. The theater is tiny, the stage more fit for a convention than a magic show and everything looks worn and used...The show consists of 7-8 tricks and a ton of time filling dancing and talking in between. His tricks are nothing new, most of them are way to easy to understand bit nicely delivered.The biggest downside was definitely the fact that he talks all the time... He tells you a boring story before each act, trying to mix comedy with magic and utterly failing in the process!
5	Loved the show, Jan was very entertaining and funny at times, the theatre is very old and if you want to see anything happening on stage you need to be in the VIP section, he did about 10 illusions and there were great dance numbers between each set, he also came out after the show and met with everyone for autographs and pictures...went with Travelzoo VIP coupons and got in with no problem, sat front row, get in line early as seats are first come first serve not assigned seating.
5	I can see why it is rated the #1 magic show in vegas. It was phenominal and the time just flew by. The only drawback was the venue having rather uncomfortable seats. It would probably be best to reserve a booth if you can afford it. But its not Jan's Fault the Riv is cheap. The show itself was unbelievably awesome. And to anyo saying "he talks too much" and says the dancing goes on for 5 minutes. Please, you're only kidding yourself. Each dance was roughly about 3 minutes and was usually a distraction for the fact they were setting up the next act. Sometimes the setup was included in the dancing and Jan would join in.  I gurantee its only a matter of time till he finds himself in one of the nicer Hotels here. If you are looking for an excellent show save some money and see this other than over rated Criss Angel.
4	Grabbed preferred seats on groupon for $39 each so decided to check out the #1 rated magic show in Vegas 2013. Turned out to be fairly entertaining. There was lots of dancing which was mediocre and just time filler. Approx 10 actual illusions which were all very well done. The illusionist was good, but could be a little more of a showman. His jokes were hit and miss, but that isn't what you pay for. My biggest complaint is actually regarding the seating. The entire room is cramped with no stadium seating, causing the show to feel longer than what it actually is ( approx 75 minutes ). Overall good fun an entire family can go to.
4	What a wonderful and unexpected surprise!  We told a worker at the half price ticket booth that we would like to see a magician and he recommended Jan Rouwen. We had never heard of him, so we didn't know that we were in for a treat!  Jan is a talented illusionist and very funny. He has a mischievous twinkle in his eye and appears to have as much fun as the audience. There are 5 fantastic dancers who are part if his team. They all come out fronand will pose for pictures, as will Jan.
4	Picked the show based on the reviews and we weren't disappointed. The venue is smaller and older, but Jan is first rate and I'd expect he quickly outgrows the Riviera. His show is a great mix of interactive bits, traditional illusion and mentalist. He's funny and has great stage presence. His dancers and assistants are also great. Honestly, the best part is his personality. You can feel his ambition and enthusiasm. He's in the lobby after the show signing autographs and posing for pictures (free) and spends a moment with each fan. This guy is going places - We saw Copperfield last time we were in Vegas and while he has the better venue and a more big budget feel, Jan's show holds up against the competition. I can't speak for Criss Angel as that show is so widely criticized I've always been afraid to go. Here's some tips if you go - discount tickets are easy to find, so don't pay full price at the box office or his website. If you don't do the half-pride kiosks on the strip, at least do vegas.com. The seats weren't assigned, and tip to the head usher got us in a sweet booth in the middle of the room that had a reserved sign on it. (We had paid for the mid-price tickets).
5	Absolutely great show. very fast and dangerous magic!
4	This show was really fun and very entertaining! Jan Rouven is, not only talented, but had an amazing and genuine personality that radiates while he is on and off stage. He also stays to talk, take pictures, and sign autographs after the show. I am very happy to have seen this show and would recommend it to anyone looking for a fun and magical evening in Las Vegas.
5	Great show!  Jan & his team performed a flawless routine, and he is an engaging and entertaining showman.  The rest of his team work well together and the whole experience was great!  I'm still pondering how he managed to pull off many tricks I've never seen before.   Don't miss this show!
5	This show was amazing!  He was very entertaining, funny, and included the audience into the show.  His illusion magic acts were fantastic!!  The show was 1 1/2 hrs long, yet we found that we didn't want it to end!  I loves the show and would definitely go again!  He is so good that he should be a bigger casino!!
4	A very entertaining show, definitely worth going to see. Subtracted 1 star for venue. The Rivera is really outdated and musty especially compared to the newer hotels/ casinos. Can't imagine this show will last at this venue as it definitely is a great show. A Vegas must.
5	I AM ONLY GIVING THIS SHOW FIVE STARS FOR JAN AND HIS PERFORMANCE ALONE. The venue and the between segment dancing left a lot to be desired. But Jan is a very likable, charismatic and brilliant performer. I hope he gets to perform at a bigger, more modern venue. The show room at The Riviera is small and a bit dated (chairs were squished together and not very comfortable). Jan has a great personable demeanor and a warm connection to the audience. He is quite funny, too! His tricks are spectacular! The puzzle trick seemed a bit hoaky at first but actually has an endearing message and left a lasting impression. The dancers that perform between acts are a bit cheesy and somewhat boring, but I guess there has to be something keeping the audiences attention while Jan prepares the next act and changes torn/wet clothes. So I didn't mind too much.
5	Went to Jan's show with a 5 year old.  Great show enjoyed by all. Kid friendly. Illusions were great.  Comparable to Copperfield and Lance Burton.  Much better than Murray. Dancing between acts was so-so. Very personable and friendly in his after the show photo op.
5	Absolutely loved the show!!  Jan is funny and charming, and the small showroom makes for a more intimate experience. The dancers were first-rate, and we loved the music. The Riveria is an older casino further north than the new resorts, but don't let that dissuade you from coming! We actually liked this show more than Penn & Teller.
4	Fun show. Worth the money, buy it at half price tickets just across the street. Jan is fun, still needs a bit of polish but it was very nice of him to spend time with the guests after the show for pictures and signing autographs.
5	Saw this show on 9/29/2014. I have seen all the magicians in Las Vegas and as an illusionist I have to say the guy is the best of them all. His tricks are truly baffling and he performs them at a speed that adds to your amazement. I literally had a front-row seat and could not possibly figure out how he does what he does. Very much worth the price of a ticket. Note that he's moving to the Tropicana in November.
3	It was enjoyable, and Jan charms the audience, but the actual magic is mostly old and predictable.  Too many people disappearing into boxes with various sharp objects seemingly impaling them, someone actually got sawed in half (though in a big way), Jan reprises an old Siegfried & Roy illusion ("Origami," another person disappearing into a box), and if that weren't enough, Jan gets chained into a tank of water and, oh no, it looks like he's running out of air.That's not to say it wasn't a thoroughly enjoyable show. Though Jan's magic is . . . classic . . . he does it well, and he does it big. He has obviously spent a lot of time and money building his illusions. They are big and dramatic, and he works them with skill and flair. As others have observed, Jan is charming, easy on the eyes, and develops a great rapport with the audience. He gets the whole audience participating in the show, if sometimes only in their heads. At some points, everyone in the audience is shouting and pointing suggestions about who should be dragged onto stage next. It's great fun. Jan grabs the audience and doesn't let them go.The show is family friendly, and I'm sure the kids there were utterly thrilled with the traditional magic, and indeed, one little girl got to go onstage and thrill us all.Then there's the venue: The Riviera.  Horrible venue. I'd write more about it, except I know he's moving out of there later this month. Fortunately for us, a little green incentive inspired the usher to get us a front booth right in the middle, where it was more tolerable.The dancing between illusions was entertaining but not great, with the exception of one dancer, a bald man named Destiny, who works harder and dances better than the rest. He's definitely worth watching.This sounds like an underwhelming review, but that's probably a combination of disliking the venue and knowing how many of his illusions were done (but if you don't know, you won't figure it out, because Jan performs them seamlessly). Jan, himself, is a fine magician and a wonderful performer who will engage you, thrill you, and leave you smiling (and hopefully feeling mystified).I'd go back, but only at the new venue. Jan's talent is worth the price of admission, and I hope that the new venue will give him the space, money and freedom to really express himself.
4	Leuke show!Veel trucs waar je niks van snapt in afwisseling met leuke grappen.Wel is de zaal 'redelijk klein', dus verwacht geen wilde vegas show met duizenden toeschouwers zoals op tv.
5	great family entertainment from start to finish. My 4 and 6 yr old children loved the performance. Spencer Horsman is filling in for jan just perfectly!  Was puzzled through put the show and engaged.
5	Jan is now at the Tropicana. He and his team were amazing. Highly recommend his show. Better prices on tickets can be found at Vegas.com. Kid friendly and will be back again
5	I saw the Illusions show yesterday evening. It was the best magic show I've seen in Las Vegas. I know why my friends mentioned that the show was the best. I met up with Jan after the show and I could tell he is a very intelligent man. A true illusionist.
4	Really good show had five truly amazing acts my favorite being the origami box it def a must c show
3	This is the first magic show I've seen in a while. I guess I was expecting more after reading the Yelp reviews. The Tropicana is a far cry from the other Vegas hotels so the theatre was not very impressive. Kind of tacky. I felt like the acts were nothing I haven't already seen on TV. No "WOW" factor for me. I also found his humor to be a little stiff. It's like he was trying too hard & it was all very rehearsed & lots of his jokes fell flat. At some point I thought he was outright rude to 2 audience members he had called up. One of the ladies was talking to him & he told her they could discuss things later outside. Then he said " I tell you I'm not very lucky with my audience members tonight". I thought that was in very bad taste. Also I think he mentioned 3-4 times during the show that he would be in the merchandise store after the show to sign autographs, which was a bit too much. We got it the first coupe of times. Overall an OK show but not what I was expecting.
