4	Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini's Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Will be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge!
4	Marges is tucked away in the delightful Pittsburgh neighborhood of Mckees Rocks. This place reminds me half of a diner from the 1950's, and half my grandmas kitchen.The seating room is accommodation, the service prompt and courteous.The prices are fantastic and so is the food.I had a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage, potatoes, eggs, and peppers all on one dish for 9.50. It was excellent. Ladies and Gents, I can put food away  like a champ and I still had leftovers.My friend had a succulent, buttery French Toast. Simple, but they nailed it.I would return.
5	On a random Sunday morning I went in search of a good breakfast spot.  I decided to explore the McKees Rocks neighborhood and came upon Marge's Place.  I hadn't heard much about this place, but after reading the few reviews I could find, I decided to give it a try.  Inside, it's bigger than I expected but still has that down home diner feel.  My guess is that most of the people there were regulars.  The wait staff was friendly to those they knew but also welcoming to me, someone they had never seen before.  I picked a table in the corner so I could observe what I imagine was a typical Sunday morning.  I ordered the breakfast special: 2 scrambled eggs with bacon, potatoes and toast.  Any place that has Mancini's Italian toast already gets thumbs up in my book.  Being in McKees Rocks, though, they really don't have a choice.  The potatoes were thin sliced with onions and very flavorful.  The only way I can think of to describe the bacon is...porkier.  Is that even a word?  I just don't know how else to descibe it.  The combination of foods was served in generous portions at a great price (under $5).  One random note: I liked the tables and chairs.  They were comfortable not just for sitting and enjoying a cup of coffee with my morning paper but also very comfortable for sitting and eating.  Good distance between the table and chairs.  That may sound silly, and I thought so, too, at first.  But when I go to a place and the booth is too wide or too narrow, it can hinder my enjoyment.  Not only will I return, but I will also recommend Marge's Place to anyone in the area.  It was a surprisingly good find.  I like places like neighborhood businesses like this where they make everyone feel like they belong.
4	Great service, great food at a reasonable price!  The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good.  Our waitress was friendly, attentive and quick to refill drinks. Can't wait to go back!
4	Very quaint! Stopped here for lunch while traveling for work, and I felt like I was in a diner in the 1950s. Had a grilled cheese and fries - the food was good and everyone was friendly.
5	Great small town breakfast spot Highly recommend George's Mixed Grill ... Delicious
5	I have live around this area all my life and My family would go here and I would always decline to go, that is until Saturday my brother asked me if I wanted to go to breakfast and I had to say yes (just posted on facebook that I wanted to go to breakfast and nobody wanted to go with me) Lets get to the review I am glad I said yes there homefries are awesome the eggs were just right. I would definitely go here again.
5	I'm new to Pittsburgh so I wanted to try out all the local spots first and let me tell you... This spot is definitely worth a try! It's a cute diner with a lot of local charm. The prices are awesome and the food is even better! I had the cinnamon raisin french toast with the home fries and a coffee. All of it was really good. I'm not a complainer but I'm picky and honestly...I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I highly recommend you stop by and give it a try! You can thank me later. ;)
5	Great service, friendly staff, great food, great prices. What more can you ask for in a small town breakfast place? Will definitely be back
