2	If you're looking for a sports bar Teakwoods at Indian School is NOT the place!  I had high hopes for Teakwoods but was really dissapointed. Most of the TVs are from 1990!  There are a few flat screens but they are so small you can't really watch a game.  The food was OK but not great.  Limited beer on tap.  I think this place is best for families that want to take their kids out to dinner.  Very casual and you can throw peanut shells on the floor.  The style and atmoshere where really boring including the bar area. Service wasn't shabby.
4	A co-worker noticed Teakwood's was open for business a couple of weeks ago and suggested we go try it out for lunch.  So today we got a group of four together and off we went.  First impression was this is a nice little sports bar.  Think Applebee's meets Lonestar and you've got yourself a pretty good idea of what Teakwood's is like.  Teakwood's has plenty of booths, tables, a bar, and some groovy crescent shaped loveseats with bistro tables on one side of the room.  There's also an arcade on the east end.  There were probably a dozen or so TV's with different sporting events playing.  The service was prompt, the menu was typical bar and grill fare.  Buckets of peanuts on the table and we were instructed to leave our hulls on the floor.  We all got chicken sandwiches.  Three of which were buffalo style with varying degrees of "hotness".  I got the Hot and it was spicy, but not overly so.  The interesting thing is they grill the chicken breast and then bring you the wing sauce on the side.  I guess it's healthier than a fried crispy sandwich.  I also ordered tater tots as my side as did one other person, one of us had fruit and the other had fries.    All in all we were all satisfied with our meals.  The portion sizes were large and the drinks were in monster plastic cups.  I almost asked for a to-go cup, but I got up to wash my hands and my tea was gone when I came back.  The total for a sandwich and an iced tea came to $12.71.  We're looking forward to going back to try some of their other lunch items.
4	Portions: HugeService: Top NotchAtmosphere: Awesome for loud groups and familiesThis place is a great basic restaurant for groups and families. It lies in the old Vine/McKenna's Tavern location, and while the decor isn't anything fancy, the service was fabulous and the food was really good and large portions. So some of their TVs are old school, who cares. They have great drink prices and daily specials as well as plenty of flat screens. They were really good accommodating all my food allergies and they serve cider, so I'm a happy camper. And, I love the fact that I can toss my peanuts on the floor and make a major mess with my 2 year old without anyone giving me the stink eye.
4	Teakwoods is what this 'hood has been needing for a while! The vine - OK, Mckennas - horrible! Teakwoods is the knight in shinning armor!Great tasty food (not just bar food either!). Service is excellent - never had to wave Jessica down once - even brought a round over when we were ready to order another - great intuition! Great atmosphere and lots of TVs! Who cares if they have 4 old school TVs - You cannot miss all the other 15+ flat panels with sports to watch while drinking a great pour of a decent selection of beers. Second time to this location and tried the Honey Hot Wings, Turkey green chili sliders and the onion rings. Friends had green chili burger and boneless wings  - All cooked to excellence! Specials are good! Today there was $1.50 domestic drafts after 5pm... I don't know about Heather M - but this makes me a happy camper! The crowd is mostly people from the neighborhood and other no nonsense fun lovers that like goodness! Manager noticed we were having a good time and came over to check on us and gave us all $5 off the next visit coupons! C'mon - who does this! I am a loyal fan from now on!
5	This is Teakwood's newest location here in the valley and they are really great! The service is wonderful, the wait staff friendly and the food is really good for pub fare. It is definitely not a health food restaurant, but if you want great pub food and a good beer while watching a sporting event of your choice, then this is definitely the place to go!
3	The food is delicious. Great burgers. Drinks are good and very reasonably priced. Two staff members got in an argument while I was there and one was escorted out. That being said, I still like the place.
5	Yay for tater tots!I love that Teakwoods is in my hood. I work at the coolest advertising agency (www.lavidge.com) on 28th and Camelback and we love coming here for lunch because the menu offers something for everyone.Teakwoods offers come-back coupons, LunchClub coupons and always service with a smile.I'm glad that old nasty McKenna's is gone and some real food moved in. Thumbs up for your great service and awesome Gallagher-look-alike.
5	Teakwoods is awesome and awesome for a variety of reasons.  Aside from the fact that they are huge supporter of my work at Crisis Nursery, their food is so yummy.  I love the pretzels and if anything, you should go in there just for that.  With any entree you have option of getting tater tots.  Tater tots rock!  Be prepared for big portion sizes.  You will definitely be taking a doggy bag home with you.Also their wait staff is very attentive and they work very quickly.  If you are looking for a place to kick back with friends and family.  This is a great establishment to do that.  Great food, great service, fun atmosphere and peanuts.  Who could ask for anything more?
3	Food is ok, layout of the restaurant seems boring, they started a live band during the ASU football game which was lame.
4	YUM!  I had the best ham and cheese sandwich here for lunch with this totally awesome jalapeno cole slaw.  I can't wait to go back to try the rest of the menu which looked a LOT better than most sports bars' menus.  Service was excellent too.
5	Thank you for putting a new Teakwoods in Phoenix. Teakwoods goes above & beyond regular bar food - but I come here for the chicken wings.BOTTOM LINE: Best wings in the valley, hands down
3	Buffalo Wings.. Food of the gods.Beer.. Nectar of the Gods..Peanuts.. Just darn tasty.All of this and more can be yours when you walk into teakwoods tavern. As a side project I've slowly been making my way through a list of recommended wing spots in the Valley. This one I was a little nervous about because just as many people told me they had great wings as told me they had bad wings. The only other place I've experience this with is Long Wongs where the day to day quality of the wings can swing drastically.Entering the building we are instantly and enthusiastically greeted by a nice lady who shows us to our table in this nice dark establishment. Less then a minute goes by and our cute, enthusiastic, seemingly genuine waitress shows up to take our drink over.My buddy Chris asks whats on tap and she rattles off what must be 20 or so beers. Feeling a little flirty, with a serious face, I ask her what the 3rd one she listed again. She puts me in my place instantly saying "bud light was 3rd." Youch.. owned ;)All three of us dig into the peanuts enjoying the fact that we get to toss the shells on the floor. They were really good and got you nice and thirsty for some good beer.Onto the main business which was ordering the wings we had come for. One thing I did not like was the limited quantity options. Half dozen(6.00), dozen(7.99), or bucket(39.95), what kind of craziness is this? I can order 6, 12 or 72? There are three of us.. We aren't making it through 72 wings and $8 a dozen bah. These better be really good. This definitely needs to be addressed :/We decide on two dozen hot, and one dozen Honey BBQ Hot. I'm not a big fan of anything but classic hot or face melting hot wings. But it cant be about me all the time :p Oh and following everyones advice I order them extra crispy which is supposed to deliver original long wongs style wings.Less then 10 minutes pass and out come the wings. They are a little less crispy then I would have liked but at least they were not rubbery.MMMmmmmm these are really good! I think the wings were frozen but they are still tasty. The sauce has the right fat/vinegar combo but its obvious that they add an extract to get extra heat. This is how it should be done. You can only make wings so hot with franks and butter. Eventually they just end up more vinegary. Wow the honey BBQ also had the same heat minus the vinegar aspect. Looks like I was spot on with the pepper extract. Usually these are "hot" because someone put red pepper flakes. These were actually decent.. but still to sweet for my taste. The rest of the table liked them.I would say so far these are in the top 3 in the valley. I would definitely return here for some wings and peanuts. Rating would be higher except for the horrible quantity ordering options.
4	We get seated immediately, there are peanuts to snack on while you wait. Service is normally swift unless there is a large group in the same section as you. We eat there maybe once a month. I really like the burgers and the sweet potato fries.
4	Don't know how I missed this place but I had never been here in all the years I've been going to the ABC store across the street.  Amazing.  So hit this place up during the USA-Canada Gold Medal game and was surprised at how large it is.  It is really two places in one...a Tavern AND a Grill - just like the name implies.  So we sat on the restaurant side and had pretty great service.  They had a ton of stuff on the menu that looked good but I went with the Take Em All burger or something like that.  It had chilies and avacados and bacon and all sorts of cheese.  It was pretty intense.  It was cooked exactly how I like it and the curly fries were pretty excellent too. This place is actually really awesome and I'm going to be looking at coming by on a Tuesday night to try their cheap wings.  Who's comin with me?(Oh, I didn't give them 5 stars because they have Pepsi and because there are peanuts in a bucket on the table and peanut shells on the ground. That means I cannot bring my friends with peanut allergies here which sucks.)
4	Like Glenn said, I'm pretty surprised that we've never been here until now.  We've made numerous trips to ABC Cake Decorating across the street and many of them were tainted with hunger.  It's just surprising to me that we never even noticed the cool place across the street!We finally came the other day, and I quite enjoyed my experience.  The place is pretty big with a lounge/seating on the west side, a bar in the middle, and lots more seating on the east side.  My only real frustration with the restaurant is the peanut shells on the floor and the bucket of peanuts on the table.  I really dislike that, but since I'm not allergic or anything, I'll live.The service was nice and friendly, and the food comes out pretty quickly.  I got the Southern Thang Burger.  Basically, it's a burger covered in yummy BBQ sauce, cheese, and crispy onions.  Yay!  I love crispy onions.  You have 5 or so options for your side including various interpretations on potatoes and I even think cottage cheese.  I chose the tots because I love tots.  My burger was pretty tasty and the tots were great.  I am definitely ready to come back here again.  It seems like a fun place to watch a game and grab some great food.
4	Yep, I'm a fan. In fact, I'm such a fan that I made it here twice in one week. I came back the second time before I'd had a chance to review my first visit.This place is like therapy for me. It just feels wrong to sweep your peanut shells onto the ground. It's quite liberating. I don't normally go to places that "crunch" when you walk around. The peanuts are free & are in little buckets on the tables & bar.There are tv's everywhere! They're usually playing sports.I haven't been out on the patio yet. I'm not a smoker. From what I've seen it looks like a nice patio.-- First time I was here was on a Mon. The place was pretty dead, except for the bar. Can be kind of hard to get seats at the bar because of how small it is.Tim was working & Autumn was training. Very nice people. Tim's quite the comedian at times. He's good at his job. I asked for a drink recommendation. He asked what flavors I like. I told him I like fruity but not overly sweet. He recommended a drink to me that was very similar to what I've ordered before. His was great though. He had me pegged, spot on.Only thing that was bummer is MGD is NOT a drink special on Mon. That's a misprint :(-- The second time was very different. Came in on Fri around 8-9ish. Got a booth & ordered food.I had the Seafood Pasta which was a special for $12.99 if I remember correctly. Olive Garden has a dish that's similar (& usually better). It wasn't humongous. I managed to finish it all & not feel stuffed. The seafood part was delicious. The shrimp, mussels, clams were all tasty. There was one clam that didn't open. Why was it put on my plate? The sauce was lacking though. It was some kind of oily white wine sauce. Could have used more of it on my plate. It just needed more oomph to it. Still not a bad dish, but I've had better. Their strawberry lemonade wasn't too bad. A little watered down though.There was live music. Fun :) The first band was good. They had a mandolin. Insta-points! They played a Bravery cover & did a good job. More points! The second bad (oops, I accidentally typed "bad". Freudian slip?) was meh. Too loud. Too older-gentlemen-trying-to-hold-onto-their-youth-by-being-in-a-garage-band. We left.Last notes...Our server was really nice. She joked around with us a little. I liked her :)Also, the bathrooms are always pretty nice.
4	Teakwoods is a great place. Decent food, cheap prices, and nice staff. Plus! you have to love the free bucket of peanuts on every table. I often find myself wondering how and why I have eaten so many peanuts, but still continue to crack more and place them into my mouth. Tuesdays are my favorite day because it is wing night. Wings are both cheap and delicious.
4	Teakwood's is a nice neighbor bar and grill with some really delicious food and nice size portions. On each table is a bucket of peanuts with instructions to toss the shells on the floor. I've been here a number of times and I've never been disappointed. The candlestick carver is one of the best sandwiches with roast beef, provolone cheese, and a chile, served with au jus. There are numerous sides to choose from. Lots of daily specials as well. Today I had a chile relleno  served with a walnut cream sauce. Delicious! The tortilla soup is also very, very good.  There were 4 people in my party and all were happy with their selections.  The atmosphere is also fun. Friendly staff and good quality HDTV's to watch a game, chat and relax with friends.  I am a big fan of this place.
3	first time here and i wasnt all that impressed. lets just say i was afraid to ask my waitress when she was due.. but thats beside that point. bunch of tvs tho i had to squint to see whats going on. my eyes arent that great but whatever.it was a wednesday so they had margaritas and mexi beers on daily special, which varies. had 3 margaritas fairly fast. felt nearly nothing. weak as hell. i expected to half stumble out of the place but really i was fine.decent selection of wing flavors. which i might start seeing as a bad sign. tried the El Heffe wings. dry and dusty but a decent taste, with no real kick like it says, except maybe in the stomach itself. and the extra dollar for them? shouldve been a dollar less.cant screw up peanuts. the peanut shells on the floor novelty was probably the best part of the place, because you cant be that messy anywhere else but a baseball game. thats an extra star in itself. the rest of the menu looked good so i may be back on a day with better drink specials and try something new to eat. ill update this shit if i do so......
4	I was pleasantly surprised with my experience at Teakwoods in Phx.  Wasn't sure what to expect as I had only heard you "throw peanut shells on the floor".  I love the fact that the menu offers vegetarian options.  Next time I'm getting the veggie Lavosh, it looks awesome!!  The tv's had the Suns playoff game on and it was amazing as there are tons of tv's.  Plus, $2 Mexican Imports on Wednesdays, can't beat that!!   Our server was awesome and the whole atmosphere screamed "good times".  Will be back!
5	Very, very awesome bartender and the fillet men-ion sliders are to die for.
5	We were pleasantly surprised by this place. Great prices on beer, fast and friendly service, and decent wings. The hot and suicide flavors were not as hot as anticipated but definitely good. The layout of the place is pretty open and the atmosphere was good. We will definitely be back!
4	After two very successful trips to Teakwoods it has become the official "no need to dress up" local bar!  The space is giant, with lots of tables, 6 seater high tops, and bar space.  They have an extensive menu that includes options that are NOT fried, which is a welcome alternative to traditional bar food.  I recommend trying one of the lavosh pizzas, the bruscetta variety was delicious without feeling too heavy! Though don't be alarmed they have all kinds of yummy indulgent stuff as well to soak up the liquor, er ,I mean diet coke :)!  But as far as liquor and beer go, there's plenty flowing, and they have my favorite, Blue Moon!  Definitely check this out!!
2	Good for a beer but that is about it.
4	When Teakwoods has enough staff on hand, this place ROCKS!  The food is always excellent. Tonight was a winner. Awesome salad, awesome burger, and attentive waitstaff. :)
4	Been a fan of this building for quite some time.... Seen a fantastic Vine Tavern grow up here. After that came Mckenna's, which was a FAIL. Redemption came with Teakwood's Tavern, as long as you do your homework on which drink specials are avail.  I especially like Friday's special, 2.50 four peaks kiltlifter and 8th st ale.  Food menu is rather nice as well. Awesome decor as well and very comfortable lounge couch's inside and out. and free peanuts just throw them on the ground which is kinda fun ha ha. If in doubt, check it out!!!
5	I am not a wing person and I am OBSESSED with the wings as Teakwoods!!!  The Jess Jess wings are unbelievable and I could eat 100!  They truly have the BEST wings I have ever had and my boyfriend agrees and he definetly has had a lot of wings in his lifetime.  The manager/maybe owner? is amazing.  He is so friendly everytime we go in there and takes the time to chat with us.  One time our wings were taking a really long time and he ended up giving us a really good deal which wasn't necessary but definetly appreciated.  Also they have tots for a side which is something I have an awkward obsession for too.
4	Great service, free peanuts, wings were delicious, lots of interesting people and they had awesome live music.  Very cool place, check it out.
3	Wanting a change from the Half Moon for some Sunday Night Football, i sought out another sports bar in the 85016...  Teakwoods was the answer.  Lots of TVs.  Average service.  Extensive Menu.  Good drink specials.The Good:  For bar food, nice menu... the Jess Jess wings were pretty good.The Bad:  The beer list is dreadful.The Ugly:  God only knows whose nasty fingers have been in those buckets of peanuts.    The crowd was the best part of this place... it was absolutely eclectic.  5 drunken frat boys4 suburban gangsta's3 hipsters with the raybans 2 goth chicks on a date1 TwentySomething daughter arguing with her cougar mom about how many martini's she'd had ("mom, i swear thats your 4th one, why would i lie, i drove separate?!")  ...And a partridge in a pear tree... Teakwoods has it all!   Beer: D-Food: BSports Watching: B+People Watching: A+
5	Decent place to get drinks. Do a little homework on the drink specials. football is better now that it is not a gaytriots (patriots) bar.  You will have an awesome time as long as you go when there is a special on your poison. i like fridays... 2.50 kiltlifters.
4	If you get a tall bistro table at Teakwoods and a pail of tossable peanuts, you feel like a baby in a high chair: you can throw food on the floor and the people in charge think you are acting your age.For a game day, Teakwoods provides quick beers, limitless peanuts, and some of the best tater tots in town.  (Order mild or hot wing sauce on the side.)The veggie burger is passable: better than your jerk-friend's paltry meatcentric backyard bbq garden patty but several racks below Houston's inventive saucy offering.Teakwoods is about nuts, tots, and suds. Let's face it.
5	Teakwoods was my go to place when I lived in Biltmore. They have such a diverse menu that those of you that hang with picky eaters would appreciate. They have the usual assortment of yummy burgers and wings. They serve up a ginormous Triple Decker Tavern Club, which is very tasty and you can easily get 2 meals out of it. Last time I went I got French Toast at dinner time, how cool is that. I had left overs for breakfast the next morning. Their meatloaf is delicious as well. And they serve the best Strawberry Lemondade in all of Phoenix which my wife just loves. Teakwoods actually get 6 yelp stars from me for serving Diet Dr Pepper. Teakwoods you rock and I miss you; But I'll be back to visit this weekend.
4	I'm giving Teakwoods a solid 4 stars. They have great special drink prices, and an excellent selection of standard barfare, but with additional, unexpected treats as well. I once had fried pickles as a special... The nachos are great, quite a thing to tackle on your own, and when I asked for no meat, the waiter suggested the vegetarian beans as an add on. Most places wouldn't have even taken that tiny step above to recommend that vegetarian option! The wait staff isn't always the most attentive... there have been times we would have had one more round of beers at the table if we hadn't had to wait so long for the waiter to check in. But at least there are peanuts on the table to munch on, and how fun is it to be out at a restaurant, as a grown up, and throw your discarded shells on the ground!!!
4	Awesome wings. Great beer selection. I love this place.
1	I gave this place 2 tries and both times it was a complete FAIL! 1ST time: I ordered the Gyro and it was awful! The meat tasted like it was just taken out of the freezer and nuked in the microwave. The Pita bread was stale and when I attempted to fold it and take a bite it broke and everything fell out (goody gum drops).  I understand that a Gyro is not a common dish that every restaurant can prepare with perfection, but don't put it on your menu if you can't make it. It's like an auto repair shop that also does manicures, just don't do it! 2nd time: I decided to give this place another chance and the end result was I me being out 20 bucks and extremely disappointed yet again. I ordered a simple chicken sandwich and it tasted like cardboard. I was certain that they could not mess up a chicken sandwich and they did. The bread was stale (AGAIN), the chicken breast was small, over fried and nearly tasteless. The fries were nothing to brag about either.
5	Teakwoods has an excellent menu. I had a BLT sandwich with breaded tomatoes... yum!!! ^^ Also watched the Suns own the Raptors. I like this place. Chill atmosphere, friendly staff, awesome bar-food menu and TVs EVERYWHERE! except in the bathrooms. Plan on going back, it's my new sports bar.
4	If you like wings, this is a great spot. Good choice of sauce and I love the fact that you can get the wings grilled after frying and covered in sauce again. A must have. The burgers are good as well. Have not tried the other items. Beware the free peanuts, you can end up eating a ton of them.
5	The soft pretzel app is the bomb! I get it everytime I go. Service is always awesome and they have great drink specials. This is a great place to go for great food in a bar atmosphere
4	Teakwoods is a divey-esque bar where you're allowed to make a mess and throw peanut shells on the ground. It's filled with a ridiculous mix of patrons and bar food that seriously steps it up a notch; they even won a Best of Phoenix award for their wings. Don't let that limit the menu for you though... I've tried a bunch of their food and here's what I think:Hot Wings - great sauces and the wings themselves are cooked perfectly how I like em (crispy outside and chewy in the middle).Buffalo Chicken Sammich - Like a giant hot wing on a bun! I like the El Heffe sauce, but hold the mayo!Jack Not Jill Chicken Sammich - Chicken, avocado, jack cheese and bacon. Delicious.Lavosh - Basically Passover pizza! It's a creative way to make put pizza on the menu without the pizza oven.Mac & Cheese - Another great entree! I respect a place that does two things to their M&C... 1: They use real cheese and melt it. 2: It's not cut from a friggin' casserole. Teakwoods covers those bases very well.Candlestick Carver - My first sammich at Teakwoods, and a memorable one. Sliced beef, grilled green chiles and tomatoes, horseradish mayo and provolone on sourdough, with au jus. It's huge.That all being said, the service has been pretty good each time I've gone, and the whole staff is loaded with different recommendations that have all proven to be good. Lastly, their drink specials are absolutely great (Fri and Sun - pints of Four Peaks are cheaper here than at the Brewery during HH). I like Teakwoods a lot. It has become one of my new watering holes, so don't be shy if you check in and happen to see me getting my grub on down the way.
4	While it's less than a mile away, my first visit to Teakwood's was via an expiring Groupon, and I was pleasantly surprised.Outside of the Four Peaks taps (one is rotating, which made me very happy), the beer selection is pretty sports bar bland. The food is solid. The service is solid.What's strange about Teakwoods is the ambiance. At one end, a dreadlocked singer-songwriter was opening for another folky act with an Americana-tinged hipster-y crowd looking on. The music was surprisingly good. Around the bar, there were some gentlemen who appeared addicted to growth hormone and mixed martial arts. At the other end, around the televisions and booths, there was a random assortment of patrons, from families to people just hanging out with a beer and generally watching TV or playing bar trivia. It was probably the oddest mix of customers I'd ever seen in one bar, but I liked it. I really did.I'll have to run through some of the other entrees and appetizers to get a full grasp of the menu, but Teakwoods has a weird appeal, and I think it'll replace Half Moon as my go-to walking distance sports bar.
4	Well after being a frequent flyer in the younger days to the N Scottsdale Teakwoods, I had to check this one out. I think I heard my liver scream when we walked in due to prior Teakwoods days! This location is strip mall located, though doesn't feel like it when you are inside. It's roomy, has a positive vibe, and I still enjoy tossing peanut shells around! We went during happy hour and the the hubby enjoyed some 2.50 pints. I had wine, per usual, but it was only 5.50 a glass not on special, so hey, that's okay.The food is a little pricey, which is why I knocked a star off. 7.50 for pretzel strips and very watered down cheese seems a few bucks too much, and 8.50 for basic meat free nachos seems steep too. It was all good, but I was starving, so who knows. Mainly post work business crowd. Some games scattered about, a medium sized screened in patio out front, large TV's, and clean restrooms. Our bartender, Sarah was awesome. She was attentive, obviously great at her job, cute, and never seemed behind or flustered. Our food came out accurate and fast.Thanks Teakwoods for being close and giving me some much needed Friday booze! Happy hour appetizer specials would have upped my rating. Advice: the portions are large, so share one. We had a ton left over from 2 apps, so save some cash. Nachos are basically a soggy mess if you are hoping for hungover leftovers!
5	very kid friendly, great staff, have never had a bad plate of food there.
4	It's a lazy Sunday afternoon, and I'm looking through my Groupons, figuring out where I'm going for an early dinner today.  Now I live in West Mesa, and don't want to drive very far, but I have promised myself that I'm going to start using my Groupons as they expire, and this one was the next.  It's only about 12 miles, so Megan and I say, what the heck, let's go.  The minute you walk in you feel welcome at this place.  Peanuts on the floor, lots of TVs, lots of regulars, comfortable booths, and they greet you as soon as you walk in the door.  Our server was Sabrina (I think) and she was great start to finish.  From the moment we walked in the door through  extra stuff requested and refills too.  Always there, but not in your face.  I had a Turkey Dip Sandwich with the steak fries and a salad.  Megan had the French Dip Sandwich with curly fries and a salad, with two large diet Pepsi (wishing for Coke).  Bread was ok, turkey tasted great.  Steak fries were good.  Didn't really care for the turkey au jus that was served with the turkey, so didn't use that much.  Megan's French Dip sandwich was great all the way down to the au jus.   She really liked the curly fries,  The only complaint I had on this place was the ranch dressing was not cold...maybe it was just made, I'm not sure?  But I like cold dressing on my salad.  Food was good, but I have to tell you what would bring me back was the atmosphere.  Loved this place, and will drive to it again!
4	Hands down, best wings I've ever eaten in my life! And I consider myself to be something of a connosieur when it comes to the wings! Try the Jes Jes wings... They throw the wings on the grill for the last few minutes of cooking to get them perfectly crispy, then toss them with their medium sauce, blue cheese crumbles, and diced garlic! Shit I'm getting hungry just thinking about them!The place itself is very divey... you'll either love it or hate it... they always have sports on the tv, and daily food and drink specials!If nothing else, do yourself a favor and at least come here for the wings!!
4	Who doesn't love throwing peanut shells on the floor? Not to mention for "bar food" this place takes it up a notch. Most recently, I enjoyed a green chile cheese burger which was ginormous! Already a fan of the ruben and the cheesesteak. Plenty of drink specials and TVs for watching games. On my last visit, I noticed they offer live music on weekends. Will have to keep an eye on that...
5	First time there. Had the chop chop salad with grilled chicken. Salad was more julienne sliced thin. Thought it would be large chopped pieces. Grilled chicken was tasty! Service was friendly and consistent thru the meal. They even asked if we wanted drinks to go which I liked a lot. Kind of lid inside since it's a bar/restaurant combined on an open setting, with TV's all around.
4	Great local place (as are the other locations in the Valley).  Good happy hour and daily specials.  This one (on Indian School) has particularly good service and usually a decent crowd.  Good for lunch, happy hour, dinner, weekends, just about any time.
5	My boyfriend and I tried out Teakwoods for the first time on Friday night with the Groupon I purchased a couple months ago.  I was so excited to find out that they have Four Peaks Peach beer and it was on special!  Double bonus!  I had the chicken fajitas which were really good and so much food.  There was no way I was going to finish it all.  My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich which he loved.  We will definitely be coming back to Teakwoods.  The service was awesome too!
4	Teakwoods "touch em all" is the best burger ever! Terrific wings too.
4	I like this Teakwoods!The beer flows cheaply, the staff are really friendly and many of the customers in there smile as new folks walk in the door too.  It's not often you find a place like this that has an overall happy vibe.Pros:- The portions are BIG- The staff are great- They sometimes do groupons- They support the local community through things like participating in the Indian School Street fair- They give you peanuts to shell and trash the floor with which somehow appeals to the inner kid in me.- The beer is cheapCon's- none that I've found
3	They have pretty good daily and happy hour specials on drinks. The food is a tad pricey imho, but it is good.Ordered the jess jess wings they were nice and crisp, flavorful...but I do tend to like my wings a little saucier and I couldn't taste or see the bleu cheese crumbles.Also ordered the burger with the green chili and tots. It was solid, but a little under-seasoned for my liking. I would definitely go back and try some other wings.
4	Wow wow wow really great place. I threw my bf a surprise birthday party here...which at first I thought was a nice bar and grill but the morning of the party I drove 30 minutes here to drop off the cake....and was kinda shock to find that it was kinda like a dive bar. Usually I wouldn't pick places like that but since it was a party of 30, I wasn't going to change the place just because there's peanut shells all over the place. But really it turned out to be a great place that had a perfect area that sat all 30 of us. The service was really wonderful...when I called in to make the reservation twice...since at first I thought it would only be a party of 10 but more people decided to come so it went up to 30, the guy that took the reservation was really nice about it, even asked me if I was bringing a cake. The waitress that served us was also pretty awesome.The portions of the food was huge and cheap and oOoh the wings are a bomb and what was even better was for Tuesdays it's only $6.50 for a dozen of any flavor wings. Overall I am very satisfied and happy with this place and the party was a hit...although I think we were their biggest party there because if it wasn't for us I think the place would have been pretty dead....There weren't too many people there for dinner. Anyways I would happily come back here.
4	In our ever running quest to find a great wings place in the Phoenix area, my boyfriend and I stumbled upon Teakwoods.  We've been there a couple of times, and we've really enjoyed the overall experience on each of our visits.  First let me comment on how wonderful the service was.  It's a very laid back atmosphere, and the servers are all down to earth and easy to talk to and ask any questions.I'm not a big fan of super spicy food, so I went with the Jess Jess wings.  A-MAZING.  I absolutely love them - they are fried then grilled, with bleu cheese crumbles to give them that extra bit of zing.  Very tasty.  My boyfriend went with the El Hefe (I hope I spelled that right...) wings, all suicide sauce instead of the mild with a dash of suicide like it states on the menu.  What a crazy fool.  However, he claims they aren't THAT spicy, and when he finally convinced me to try them, I didn't combust right on the spot.  So, for me they were just fine and a bit too spicy, but for someone who is looking for a really spicy wing, I don't think this would satisfy.  We also had their potato skins, and they were just meh.  However, they do give you a nice big side salad if you order one, and they are reasonably priced.  They also have peanuts on every table, so if you are inclined to throw shells on the floor and make an incredible mess for the waitstaff at the end of the night, well, you have that option ;).This is a good place to go for wings, and I'm sure we'll be back in the future.
4	Teakwoods is not my usual type of spot but i just love it. I love the peanut shells on the floor, watching bizarre customers, great drink specials, and GREAT bar food. This is another place where I have yet to order something bad here. I love their Mac and cheese...it was much nicer than i expected from the look of the place! Their pretzel rolls are so good too. Moist, soft, and covered with butter.Wings, sandwiches, beer...theyve got it all! It would be a great place to watch a game with friends if I liked watching games.
4	Upon first glance this is appears to be a very usual strip mall type bar but behind the black glass lies a more unusual bar and grill.We went on a Sunday for the Jets-Ravens game and it was a fun time.. This is one of those places you likely have passed a hundred times on the way to work or going to Scottsdale using Indian School Rd. It is set back into the strip mall so you would not see it from the street. Why Teakwoods is special comes from its extremely quality food which you would not expect from a place that lets you throw peanut shells on the floor. Like most bars it has a bevy of TV's and a rowdy but pleasant crowd. The food was really good though I would never call this "fine dining". An extremely great place to go when you want to be stuffed with semi-greasy food..I had their famous wings and I can honestly say they were outrageous. I especially liked the cheese balls which are hard to find as WineBurger stopped carrying them.No particular reason this place wasn't 5 stars..it just didnt have that 5 star feel..maybe in the future when I go back.
3	Cheap Beer.  Strip Mall Bar.  Big open space and tables.  Tons of small TV's with no sound.Tasty, greasy bar food.I came here on a Thursday night.  Beer seemed really cheap... clearly this is a great place to go if you want to drink with friends for not a lot of money.  I had a microbrew bottle special for $2.50, for example, that was delicious.Because everyone raved about the wings, I tried some (Jess Jess, $9.50 for a dozen).  I felt, like many do, that they are not "saucy" enough.  Almost no sauce.  But they are good.  Not great, not otherworldly, and not the best I've had in Phoenix.  But they are good, fair priced, and worth ordering if you are drinking beer and looking for an appetizer.I ordered the Candlestick Carver, recommended by many.  It was good.  Decent to good cuts of roast beef on sourdough (texas toast like) bread, with melted cheese and roasted peppers.  Here's a hint:  ASK FOR NO MAYO.  I like Mayo, but they put like 5 tablespoons on, and it kind of ruined it, and with the dipping au jus suace, you don't need it.I finished mine, enjoyed every bite, was stuffed, and ate a few of the curley fries (these are just the cheap frozen premade stuff you find at most restaurants).My son ate the Mac & Cheese.  I didn't try, but it looked fine.Anyway, will I be back?  Perhaps.  It's kind of a dive.  Parking is fine.  Serivce was nice.  Beer selection and pricing is the strength of this restaurant.  Food was good for a bar, maybe great.But this isn't a gastropub.  Not gourmet.  Check those expectations at the bar.I'd think this is a great place to go with a group of coworkers for happy hour.  Or a guys night out.  It's casual enough for the family if you are looking for greasy food.Order the wings.  But don't expect best of Phoenix.  Just expect solid wings.If I was coming here again with just one other person, I'd likely try a different appetizer to share, order a couple of their cheap beers, and probably eat their Buffalo Chicken sandwich to get the flavor of the buffalo wings without all the fatty skin.And I'd go home a pretty content man after signing the bill.
4	live music. peanuts on the floor. ntn trivia. arcade. cheap bar food. FANTASTIC drink specials! (what more could you ask for in a bar you can walk to from your house?)
2	Dirty floors, dirty peanuts, and the worst customer service you are ever going to experience. That's "Teakwoods" in a nutshell.Sometimes a good dive bar can be fun. That is, when the bar is clean. While Teakwoods likes to position themselves as something above a dive bar, the environment they foster isn't much better than that. There are peanuts everywhere. I love peanuts, but these things are dusty and dirty, and they sit around in huge containers on the tables. Instead of supplying fresh peanuts every day, these guys must buy them in bulk and store them in a shed somewhere, bringing them in by the shovel to put on tables once a week. A week's supply of dirty, filthy peanuts on your table to wash down with your beer. Just what I want to look at when I am eating a meal!The food is absolutely nothing to rave about. The wings are just "so so" . . . the only thing I found I liked there was the supply of cheap beer. And when that's your high point, you can imagine the crowd you'll attract isn't exactly the norm for a "Grill." I'd say that they've misnamed this place -- Its really more like Teakwood's Bar. There's no tavern here, no grill. Just a dive bar full of dirty peanuts and people who couldn't give a hoot about you except to get you in and pour cheap beer down your gullet.
1	Qver-priced, substandard food.  Never met a cheeseburger I didn't like-- until now, (NOT a 1/2 lb.).   Small portions of tired, room temperature "fry-pieces",  burnt bacon, chicken tenders so hard, they couldn't be penetrated with a fork.  Mediocre service;  didn't bring kids meal cookie.  Waste of $$$!
4	oh these wings were freaking amaaizizznzng,el heffe i believe they were... the bartender seemed very cool and concerened on what i was getting.. great suggestions.
4	BEST WINGS POSSIBLY EVER.Do not miss out. You have GOT to get the jess jess wings... I also tried the el heffe style on a chicken sandwich, which was good. I'd recommend just getting a load of wings in the two styles and judging for yourself, since I've never heard of any other place preparing them this way.... very tasty. Also got the cheese curds, which, if you've never been to wisconsin, you've got to try: they held up to the midwest standard and were super yummy (though they will put you into a milkfat coma).Nice deals on beer, and what's better than making a mess on the floor with some peanut shells? Very fun.
4	Another great Groupon find.  Teakwoods is kind of tough to describe - it is like 3/4 sports bar and 1/4 lounge.  On one side they have big, burly tables with lots of TVs up on the wall, showing every available example of athletic competition.  And golf, too.  On the other side, they have pub-style tables and an area for local music to come in and play.The place - even though it borders on Snotsdale - was unpretentious and populated with an eclectic crowd of folks.  I saw cowboy boots, jauntily-cocked bowler hats, and a tatted up chick stuffing sugar packets in her purse.I was charmed.The boyo and I have been back several times since.  The wings, as noted by others, are really good.  In our case, we go for boneless as neither the boy nor I particularly enjoy sucking hot sauce from under our nails.  The wings are always tender, and have great flavor.Service is usually pretty good - sometimes a little slow, but... whatevs.  Throwing peanut shells all over the place is enough to keep me entertaining while I wait for my beer.  (To the person who complained about the dusty, dirty nuts in the buckets... don't suck on the shells.  Duh!  The nuts are well sealed inside their safe, dirt-proof casings and are totally tasty when you crack 'em open.  With your hands.)I wouldn't recommend Teakwoods for folks who aren't into meat.  Not a lot of variety for someone who doesn't want beef or bacon on some form of bread.  But the Chicken Philly is muy yummy (I eat it every time we go there).  The boyo has worked his way through a number of interesting varietys of ground cow with toppings, and has enjoyed them all (except the sliders - he found them dry).Ultimately, we would definitely (and have already) go back.  I think we've been 3 times so far - twice with groupons (and we have another one to use), and once at full price.  Always a nice, relaxing night out.
4	Found this place thru a GroupOn. Love the cheap draft cider and I recommend the Cheese Curds.The two best things on the menu: Diego's Mac n Cheese - its amazing and the Pretzel Appetizer (I doubt I will ever find another as good).Perfect for a quick low-key meal.Downside - peanut shells on the floor - not my thing.
5	There is nothing better in life than Teakwoods.Service is AMAZING! For a "throw your peanuts on the floor" type of bar, their food is outstanding! BBQ Chicken lavosh with muenster cheese, cheese curds, wings, salads...everything is amazing and fresh! They have great breakfast and bloody mary specials too.The service is also superb! Plus $2.00 Rolling Rocks all day every day. You can't beat it. I am officially in love with Teakwoods.
1	First time here and I will try to remember it is a sports bar and it is a bit close to the burbs for us but "Groupon" reeled us in. Just ordered apps (rings and fingers). Atmosphere is definitely sports bar flat screens everywhere.  Live band the night we were there (Fri Aug 19). 15 minutes for appetizers they better be good...  Such a let down.
5	Just returned from a Sunday afternoon of bloody mary's, wings, fries, and football. The holy trinity. Oops, I guess I'm a little over three things needed for a trinity. Oh well. Needless to say I wasn't rooting for Tebow! The wings here are amazing. We ordered them medium honey BBQ and they could have been a touch hotter for my taste, but I wasn't complaining. The crispiness of the skin was perfect. We ordered a dozen but filled up with 5 wounded soldiers still on the plate. These wings weren't skimpy, y'all. The service was awesome and the TVs were perfectly spaced out for prime viewing. Now if you'll excuse me I need a nap. Did I mention the Bloody Mary bar? With blue cheese stuffed olives? No, well you might see me there next Sunday.
5	I LOVE this place! We live right around the corner from one and I could go there everyday. I've had a lot of items on there menu and I have enjoyed each and every dish. The service is outstanding and I enjoy the selection they have for beverages. I'm a beer girl so I was pleased when I found out that they carry a nice variety on tap as well as seasonal shipments. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone, whether you go with your family or you go to watch the game with friends because it is awesome. If you like peanuts, they are available at your table and you can just throw the shell on the ground.
5	Love that we are in walking distance to Teakwoods! Great live music couple nights a week, never a cover, awesome waitstaff, and consistently solid grub! Try the pretzels and cheese, out of sight!
3	I find myself at Teakwoods a lot. I constantly have Groupons from this place and they make it well worth it. Teakwoods is a fairly typical Sports Bar with peanut shells on the floor and live music Fri / Sat nights. They also offer free UFC fights and have some amazing daily drink specials.Food & Drinks - 3/5Decent food, wings are pretty good, not the best like everyone raves but certainly good. My favorite thing to order here is breakfast, its available anytime and always hits the spot on a sunday morning.Service - 3/5Good service, never had any complaints.Atmosphere - 3/5Casual, lots of TV's, a stage with a few couches and a fairly large patio.Price - 4/5Food is average but the drink specials are really good.Overall - great causal place to grab a bite to eat and catch a game with friends... or alone.
5	My fave sports bar. Amazing food, great service. Pnut shells on the floor... must have menu items are the Jess Jess wings, pretzel sticks and edamame... but honestly everything I've had there is good. For the vegetarians, try this... Patty Melt with a veggie patty and add breaded tomatoes... even non vegetarians will love it!
4	Food is top notch. Service the same. Prices Are very good. Wings are outstanding!
2	I am from Wisconsin and present this review as an out of towner. I came for the wings and they were average at best, Along with the beer list which was definitely average.  The bartender seemed to be having a bad night so the service was average at best. I am sure that there are plenty of good things on the menu and plenty of fun to be had at this local watering hole, however this is not a must go to spot for anyone visiting the Phoenix area.
5	Loved this location, but it has inexplicably closed.  It was always hoppin' when I went.  Too bad ;(
4	Huge fan but the place closed with no notice around March 26th. Would have been nice if there was some warning...especially for the employees. I hope they all land on their feet. This place closed but the Chandler & Mesa Teakwoods remain open?! You couldn't find a seat in there on Sundays during football season. It's a win for the rest of the bar/restaurants in the area until the space is leased to the next place.There's a place for owners comments. Owner of Teakwoods, care to chime in????
5	5 STARS only because I have been going there since before it was Teakwoods.  Even then the wings were awesome. Very dissappointed!!! This place was kid friendly with just enough games in the tiny game room. We have fight night there kids included!! This is the second Groupon I purchased to use on the 21st. Gilbert and Chandler to far to drive. BUMMER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Soooooo sad this one has closed. Great staff awesome food! Loved to watch the UFC fights there. Really bummed it closed
5	Great neighboorhood bar WHY DID THEY CLOSE IT?????????????????????
