2	The sales staff must be paid on commission here because they will not leave you alone...EVER! I think if I told them I was contagious they would still fight over who got to "help" me shop. I am an independent shopper..if I want help than I will ask, but usually I just want to shop on my own. To over-priced and annoying for me to come in again.
5	I no longer buy jeans anywhere else. For some reason, the brands they sell at Buckle fit me like no others. I don't even mind paying $100 a pair, vs. going somewhere else and trying on 10 pairs to find 1 that fits alright. If you don't mind paying that much for a pair of jeans which were assaulted in ways that make them look both old and busted yet like the new hotness, all at the same time, then Buckle is for you, too. Just so you don't feel like a total chump, the $100 a pair jeans are all made right here in 'merica. Yee haw!
1	I had the most horrible shopping experience here today.  I went to go get a new pair of jeans and when I walked in the sales associate came up to me and asked if he could help.  He then proceeded to argue with me about what size I am.  He finally let me try on a size that is one size smaller than I wear.  I tried them on while the whole time he stood outside of the dressing room telling me about how everyone calls him "the jean guy" and that i should tell all my friends to come get their jeans from him.  After I tried on the jeans that were so tight I could barely breath he then told me that I could NOT try on a size larger. I was so livid I threw the jeans down and walked out. I will never go back and I will not be telling my friends about "the jean guy."
5	Buckle is 'the' place to shop when you are looking for a pair of jeans.  What I value about Buckle is their customer service.  They know their products and I go into a dressing room and they are always right there offering up different styles and sizes until I find a pair that best suited to me. My daughter shops there as well and when a pair of jeans she bought there became prematurly worn (9 months after purchase) she brought them back to the store to see if they would stand behind their product and they did!  She came home with a new pair.  I endorse Buckle!
2	very poor customer service, i am only going to arrowhead Buckle from now on!! completely ignored at pv and there selection was poor.
1	Terrible experience...not like the stores.  The corporate heads have lost touch with the customers.  Never experience corporate till now....I sent back items which were not what I ordered and received a note saying that they have been retagged....did not know what this was until they explained it to me.  As I have bought thousands of dollars from them and referred many friends who have done the same....I was stunned.  As I got shifted around to corporate management who have lost touch with the customer experience...it became apparent that they did not want to help but make excuses for their mistake and put blame on me.What I did find from the managers who are friends at the stores that I did shop at was that this is happening more lately and she heard that they need to move slow inventory to reduce inventory....hence tagging items incorrectly and then sending them out.  When you try to return them they blantantly blame you for shady practices and if you make waves they ask you not to shop at their store.  This way they can get rid of you without having to replace anything....hence move inventory that they can't sell and financial books look good.I am appalled at this experience with On Line and Corporate....if you want to move slow inventory put it on sale or donate it.....don't make me pay for something I don't want.  Be wary of ordering on line!!!!!!  Also make sure you check the quality of what you buy....with jeans check the alignment of the back pockets since most are crooked and shirts check the seams also since mis-aligned.....you are paying a higher price so expect higher quality and top notched customer service.  Also I would recommend Nordstroms, they have the same price products sometimes cheaper, with better quality and exceptional customer service and return policy...they stand by what they sell.
5	This store has never failed me! I am such a huge fan of The Buckle at Fashion Square that I will always shop exclusively there. The associates are on point and know their product! Annalyssa, Tony,  Brandon, Brittany, Katey, Joey and Justin know exactly what they are doing and how to get it done. I am a huge fan of the Rock Revival and BKE brand and they are really on point when it comes to putting me in exactly what I want.  People, The Buckle is a lifestyle brand. There's a reason most of what they carry does not trickle down into the discount stores. You come here for a signature look and not to look like everyone else! It's icon fashion, not Target. But trust me, it's worth every penny as you get the latest looks and styles. Also, they make it a point to remember you and what you like best. Last but not least, they do custom fittings!
3	My older daughter is a Miss Me freak - she owns 3 or more pairs of those bling pants.  Me, I just can't come out of a store with a pair of pants and a t-shirt for $170, just cant do it.  The staff is usually very helpful - when I have been in there buying clothing as gifts.  My last visit I was just looking.  The young lady met me at the front of the store and got me to try on Buffalo jeans though I wasn't really there for that lol, they were great material and looked good, just not on me - she also brought in the 3 latest t-shirt tops to try on with them.  She was good, a little pushy but nice about it.  I see some reviews about the sales people being very pushy - you can just say I'll grab ya if I need you.  My experiences have been decent.  They do seem to have high quality clothing and accessories - definitely on the high $ end.
