5	I've been to Sweet Melindas twice, and both times for special occasions. The first time, my flatmate and I pretended we were married and had continuously loud lover's tiffs. The second time was yesterday and it could've easily been the subject of a 30 minute long sitcom. I graduated yesterday (Yay! This is information you don't need, by the way) so, my family decided to take me out to dinner with my flatmate's family and my friend's family. It was, in few words: large loud Brazilian family meets Indian family meets Indian family from London. In small Scottish restaurant. The possibilities for disaster were infinite. Our whole table could have spontaneously combusted, for all I cared. But, everything went smoothly. My family were even effusive about the food. And we didn't even break glasses our knock people unconscious with empty wine bottles. Sweet Melindas specialises in sea food, and they use mainly local organic produce. This bad vegetarian loves fish. So Sweet Melindas is heaven for me. A 2 course meal is set at the fixed price of 22.50. As a starter I got squid, chilli, coriander and garlic salad. The main blew my head off, it was so good. It was also a learning experience. You might be more knowledgeable than I am, but I had no idea what samphire was. Now, I know people call it the asparagus of the sea. So, my main was steamed halibut with fresh crab and samphire. And oh my god. The halibut just melted in my mouth. It was buttery and lemony and all good things wrapped in a bite. On my first excursion to Sweet Melindas we shared dessert and it was by far the best sticky toffee pudding I've ever had in my life. It had dates and walnuts in it, you see. I think that's the secret ingredient. The second time, we were all fat and happy, so we decided not to push our luck.The waiters were smiley and patient with us. And they knew what samphire was! I hear the red meat dishes were also very good, but I'd say stick to the fish. They get it from a fishmongers next door called Eddie's that specialises in local produce. Sweet Melindas is kinda pricey but worth every single penny. Go on a special occasion, when you're feeling lavish.
4	This is one of those places that every foodie and wannabe foodie raves about, so I decided it was about time to go and check it out for myself.Although the offer a whole load of different things on the menu, they focus on seafood and game which was right up my street, and with it being more or less next door to Eddie's (one of the best fishmongers in Edinburgh) you can bet that they're using top quality ingredients. I had the squid salad with coriander, lime and chilli for starter, and even though I'm not a huge fan of coriander I am a massive fan of squid, so I couldn't help ordering it and I wasn't disappointed. My main course was even better; the wild garlic pesto that came with my halibut was the best pesto I've ever tasted.Why only four stars then? It's a bit on the pricey side. Although the food was gorgeous and the service was excellent, you do pay for the privilege.
5	Food was excellent and the service was impeccable. I had sole with risotto. The sole was light and delicate and the risotto was perfectly creamy. The pear and goat cheese salad was delicious. My husband also enjoyed his sea bass. A nice touch is the vegetables (broccoli, potatoes and carrots) included with the meal.
4	How complicated is it to find Roseneath Place in Edinburgh? It's written in teeny tiny letters under WARRENDER PARK ROAD. There you go, I've removed all the mystery there. Sweet Melinda's...  I've been dying to visit you. It was the Silent Reviewer's birthday, and I was set with the task of somewhere nice, not fancy. I felt under pressure. I wanted Mark Greenaway, but that would be definitely termed as fancy. Pizza, although the Silent Reviewers' favourite, wouldn't cut the mustard. What was a girl to do? Well, Sweet Melindas saved the day - a fish restaurant (the Silent Reviewer loves fish) that is low key but delivers cracking meals? I think this one might be onto a winner! And it was, we had the Christmas menu to celebrate the SR's birthday - starting with warm soda bread and olive chickpea tapenade. As there were a number of us we were able to taste a wide variety of dishes - the tomato, star anise and squash soup went down a storm, as did the the steamed mussels. Crab tart was creamy goodness, the SR felt a little wanting with the gravadlax, but I think that was more jealousy seeing other plates arrive (especially the insanely large pile of mussels). Main courses arrived - got to admit, felt that the flavours of the sea bream and bass in an asian-fused soy and ginger marinade was lacking. However, the pheasant generated sounds out of the SR's mother I wasn't expecting... and the SR loved his roast cod. By the end, we were too full for desserts, but left feeling pretty happy with our lot. Sweet Melinda, you wooed me, the SR and the in-laws. Can't say anything more than that.
4	4.5 stars. I have been to Sweet Melinda's three times now. Superb each time. Local, fresh ingredients, new menu each day, romantic space in Marchmont, near The Meadows. Will return again and again! It's a highlight for me every time I go to Edinburgh.
5	A wee place, filled with all you need for a great meal.Sweet Melinda's was just a few steps away from my usual route to reach the Meadows and the city centre. Walking along Lauder Road, then turning to the left and then to the right, leaving the Argyle Bar on the other side of the street. But I usually was in the area too early in the morning or too late at night, so I decided to take a bus to come back in Roseneath St at the right time for lunch (well...I made the same one day earlier, but it was a Monday, a perfect timing in the wrong day...). The venue is just as described by Jenny L. in her review: nicely decadent and very cosy. The waiter was maybe more welcoming than friendly, but quite attentive.As a starter I had a huge plate of Mussels, steamed with shallot and garlic. An harmonious mix of flavours with the most delicious mussels I've had in the last years. Then I went for the Roast Cod with gnocchi and chorizo that was a very unusual mix. It was like eating two different dishes in the same plate. The tender cod faced by the thick pieces of chorizo, with gnocchi and tomato being taken in-between. Very funny and very good.I was so delighted that asked for the pudding menu. The Valrhona Chocolate and Amaretti Torte was a perfect finish for my last lunch in Scotland.
2	Disappointed after reading such great reviews! However, we did find out that Sweet Melindas is under new management and they have a new chef!The quality of the food is quite good but very limited menu.I wish i had experienced this restaurant before it changed ownership. The ambience of the restaurant is nice but the waiter service was really not  very good at all.Now i like my puddings and i will always manage to choose a dessert but i was so underwhelmed with the choice that i gave it a miss - first ever!I couldn't help feeling that on the very odd occasion that myself and my husband get to have a meal together was rather ruined by a bad experience at this restaurant!I won't be going again!
1	I can't review the food, only the service - because they just called to say they failed to write down my booking, and so I have no table after all for this Saturday. For a celebration dinner, right in the middle of the festival, when everything else will be full. Aargh! they were very apologetic but still, am completely fuming! If you book with Sweet Melinda's, make sure they flipping well write it down!
