4	Found this place in the same mall as the Lee Lee Asian Supermarket on Dobson St in Chandler, AZ.  They have a wonderful Chinese Reflexology foot massage just like the ones in China. A nice man named David did a huge work over on my feet and I felt great afterwards! First he soaks your feet in a tub of hot water while he massages your head, neck and shoulders, and then he does a great massage on your feet hitting all of your pressure points. If your feet do not feel some pain, then he is not doing his job, but it is a good pain! I only had time to do 30 minutes on my first visit.  Came back for my second visit and David was busy, so I had Linda. This time I booked an hour. She was good, but did not have the skill that David had. She did not use as much pressure on my feet, nor did I feel she really hit all of my pressure points.  Since I did not speak the language, it was hard to communicate this to her. I have reduced my rating from 5 to 4 stars after trying 1st Class Reflexology, which I feel is much better.
4	From the previous review I thought I was just getting a foot massage with a head, neck, and shoulder massage. Instead I got a complete massage from head to toe. Though it was one of the best massages I've ever had, she only spent about  5-10 out of 60 minutes on my feet. I had just had a regular massage the day before and had aching feet from going out dancing the night before, so I was primarily there to get my feet worked on. If she had even spent another 5 minutes on my feet it would have been a 5 star review. Still it was an amazing massage and I left feeling totally relaxed and fairly blissful. The recliner chairs are extremely comfortable. She changed the back on the chair and had me flip over, the new back had a face hole in it like a regular massage table, but it was infinitely more comfortable than a standard massage table. The dim lightly, pleasant decor, and soft music all added to putting me into a relaxed state. Next time I'm going for the 90 minute massage so there's plenty of time for the feet and everything else.
5	My husband and I have been going to this place for a while.  Tony is always the best therapist for my husband.  I've had some of the excellent ones (Peter, David) but they are no longer there, so I have to go with a different therapist every time....Anyway, this place gives great massage for a decent price.  Clean environment and friendly staff.  Btw, if you are a regular, they sell a batch of 10 sessions for $250, great deal!
5	I finally squeezed in a 90 minute session and it was heaven. The only thing that gets me more relaxed than they do it acupuncture. I still wish they'd spend a little more time on my feet for being a foot spa, but it's hard to com[plain considering the way I feel at the end of a session. It would be nice though if they had a foot soaking bucket that could accommodate my extra large size 15 feet.
5	My wife and I have been a couple times and love it. Clothes on massage but it's been better than most full massages we've had. Can't beat the price either. Call ahead if it's a weekend, otherwise you probably can walk in anytime.
1	So 6 months ago or more I took my girlfriend here. She felt that the male masseur was a little too close for comfort. But tonight we went back and I told the lady up front that I could have a male or female therapist but she would prefer a female therapists. So they took me back and worked on me but left my girlfriend in the chair soaking her feet for 30 minutes. She then got up and walked home over a mile in flip flops after being completely ignored. This place is a total joke. Won't be going back for real this time.
5	I am a regular here and I love this place. I usually come with a other person so we get $55 for two for an hour. People are all very nice here and I like how they actually press hard on your body. You know the real Asian massage is all about the pressure points. You'll be satisfied too ;)
2	I went there for an hour of foot massage with a friend. We both got female masseur as we request, but they did not do a very good job. First they almost wastes 10-15 minutes total here and there getting water, changing towels, getting lotion, and etc. Then my friend's masseur keep talking to her and my friend can feel the masseur's getting distracted and got sidetracked from giving massage. The price is good, $55 for two person. But compared to the other spas, this one have a lot of room for improvement!
5	Tip: like all massage places I like them strong and this is a request you should ask when you make a reservation or at the beginning at the front desk so they can arrange someone that has the strong hand to do it. I went to other nearby massage with same request like kneading feet, golden feet, or orientatal foot spa. None of them does a better job than imperial foot spa!
