5	Great place, great service and everyone is super friendly. I highly recommend getting the membership. For $60 a month you get a massage once a month and then if you want another one it's only $40. Plus the extra incentives like the aromatherapy and deep tissue services are at a discounted rate. Torie is my massage therapist. She's awesome at her job and I always feel absolutely wonderful when I'm done! Go here!
5	I called and made an appointment for the following day. The woman who scheduled the appointment was helpful, kind and thoroughly explained the process, adding that I needed to arrive 15 minutes early to fill out questionnaires and medical information.After filling out the paperwork, I was given a cup of water and led into the "quiet room" and we went over my answers to the type of massage I wanted and the medical needs I needed to address. At that time, I asked the woman who checked me in how she liked working there. She said she really loved her job. The masseuse came and got me, and took me back into the massage room. It was a very inviting, relaxing atmosphere. The room was a little small, but the music was soothing and the masseuse had a great vibe about her.The masseuse was wonderful. I needed deep tissue massage, and she was very strong. I asked her how she liked working at ME, and she said she really enjoyed it. It showed in the way she performed the massage. She was very professional. When I was through, she walked me to the entryway door, gave me a cup of water (would prefer a bottle, with ME logo)  and reminded me to keep hydrating throughout the rest of the day/evening.I expected to be offered the opportunity to purchase a membership. I bought one. I was also given my masseuse's schedule, and offered the opportunity to book my next appointment. I couldn't do that, but will call again in a couple of weeks. I have had many massage experiences in my life. This may not have been the absolute best, but it was convenient, affordable and really quite good.
4	I'm a fan. I've been here a few times because my wife has the membership and I use her "buddy passes" or whatever it's called. I've also had a different person each time so I have some thoughts. Of course getting a massage is going to be different for everyone but for the most part I've had a decent massage every time. My last massage was with Victoria, she did a wonderful job so I'll be booking with her next time. The place is clean and inviting, water/tea in every room. Relaxing music playing, staff is friendly and helpful. They call you the day before you appointment to remind you which is very nice. Definitely check it out.
4	Super friendly and great massages.  I wish it was a tad cheaper!
4	This is the fourth massage I have received, even though this is my first check in. The first was incredible! I felt like a new person! So I joined as a monthly member. When I called to schedule my next massage with the same therapist, I was told she was no longer there. I decided to try another female therapist. I was completely weirded out by her technique. I left feeling weird and half way violated. I decided to give it another try the following month, but this time with a male therapist. I could tell he was still learning his own technique, and he did pretty well. I didn't go for two months... But then I booked a two hour session with another female therapist. O.M.G. If I were a kitten, I'd still be purring! She was straightforward, thorough and used just the right pressure. I was so relaxed I fell asleep!  She is my new, go-to!
5	Professional and courteous service from start to finish! Aaron did an awesome job getting the knots out of my shoulders!
5	Ah, I have had nothing but good experiences here and I do so love this place.  We had the year membership but I had to cancel when it was up because my boo and I never have enough time plus we just purchased a Tempurpedic bed, so I had to balance the budget accordingly.Check-in is always a breeze and their quiet room is very, very quiet.  Ha!  Complimentary tea and water await you in there.I get deep tissue massages, so the recommendations below are based on that.Damon is the best.  He genuinely cares about his customers and treats you like a real person with real needs, is very open to your problems and even suggests stretches and tips on how to help with problem areas.  You will get an amazing experience with him.  =)Jack is probably second as he does very good work with deep tissue too.  I'm a constant sufferer of backaches (thanks, office job) so that's always what I lead with when I start with a new massage therapist, and he definitely took that into consideration.Carissa is a close third as she is very receptive and has a great technique.  At first she was stoic but if you communicate with her she is very polite, understanding and receptive.Really, there's not a BAD massage therapist here that I've experienced, but these are by far my favorites.  =)Intro specials are great if you haven't been yet! $49 hour massage and $59 hour facial.
5	I had a gnarly crash on my bike a few days ago. If there's a good reason for a sports massage, this is the best. Jared did a great job of working the knots out on my neck and shoulder. He's probably the most knowledgeable massage therapist I've ever had. He explained the muscle groups associated with the knots I had and provided great tips for soothing the soreness after the massage. It was a great experience.
1	This is corporate America.  It's sell, sell, sell.  I requested a deep tissue be there was no warm up, so to speak...he just started beating me up.  When it was over the receptionist asked how I felt I told her "horrible".  She replied, "oh, good".  So there you have it.  I'll be looking elsewhere for relief
4	Very friendly staff! And the massage was soothing and relaxing! I love the back massage. I just didnt like the fact that i couldnt pick what gender i wanted myMassage therapist to be. I had a male and i felt kinda uncomfortable. But other than that, i loved the massage!
5	Oh yeah thank you my wife, she treated me to this said I was getting to be an ass, as I was hurting all over, where I met Gina and my wife met with Anna she had a prenatal massage and I a medium something or other. Anyway I woke myself snoring 3x was embarrassing like falling asleep during class to find out you where drooling on the desk! Ha ha , but Gina stated that that was a compliment, so I guess it's ok I definitely  was sleepy for the rest of the day, that's either how relaxed she made me or how uptight I was I say a combo. My wife fell asleep too we had a couples 1 1/2 hour session. I don't know should I act up again will she set up another or will I end up just in the dawg house, idk if I want to risk it.
5	Friendly and affordable! Great rates for members with locations nationwide. Taylor was more than I had hoped for.
5	I am out of town visiting a friend so I booked us massages. I am a member and I booked a massage with Dianesse and my friend had a massage with Britton. Dianesse was kind and pleasant. I told her my concerns and asked for a light pressure massage. I can honestly say it's the first time I've fallen asleep during a massage. It was very relaxing. My friend commented that Britton gave a medium pressure massage. We both left very pleased and very relaxed.
5	Super friendly staff and very helpful. I have a membership and it took me awhile to find a therapist I really liked and felt very comfortable with. Eventually I found Dena who I have been booking with for over a year now. She is the absolute best. She is a true student of the craft constantly learning more skills and techniques, always bettering herself. I wouldn't even imagine booking with anyone else, if you're looking for a great massage ask for Dena!!
