4	After getting a deal on Groupon to finally take in my huge load of dry cleaning, I arrived in the morning to be greeted by a friendly gentleman up front. He gladly took my Groupon information, logged all of my clothes, inspected each piece for any stains or areas that would require more attention and sent me on my way.I wish I can say I got an estimate so I could have an idea of how long things usually take here. He tried to give me one but I told him I'd be back in on Wednesday (it was Thursday).Fast forward- I went in early on Monday (three days later) to see if my things were ready as I wanted to do a last minute skiing trip and my skii clothes were there. They were ready, and while it was a different lady behind the counter she was just as friendly and helpful! I had about 11 items, some of them bulky, most of them silk, a little wool. Everything was handled beautifully! One of my favorite silk shirts which had a small blood stain on it (that was a crazy night) came back to me looking brand new, with no indication of any of the sheninigans it had seen!This cleaners is open 24-hours but it seems as though they do send all of their stuff out to get done, and the store is just the front for pick up and drop off. Great and fast service, a thorough job done on all my pieces, I'll definitely be back!
4	well done! removed candle wax from my work uniform-saving me tons of $
1	Let me start by saying this cleaner does have reasonable pricing, with a relatively quick turn around time. However, I have had less than pleasurable experiences on multiple occasions. The very first time I used 24 hour cleaners, I had lost a button from a suit jacket. Since they perform alterations I decided to give them a chance, this alteration was done extremely poorly, and the button came right off, the very first time the suit was worn. Even after the poor experience I decided to take my business back to them for my cleaning purposes (3 or 4 suits, about every 2 weeks). On my most recent visit, I dropped off my suits, and paid for the cleaning (as per their policy, clearly stated on the counter "Prepay Only"). When I returned to pick them up, the associate started by saying "so she called and told you she under charged you right?" I explained that I had not been notified and was told "well I can't let you take your suit until you pay for it". Ultimately my suit was being held hostage with a $5.50 ransom.After paying (after the cleaning was complete) I asked for a manager, I was then told that she shows up once in a while, and stays for about 15 minutes. After being extremely persistent and asking three times, I finally received contact information . When I spoke to the absentee manager, I received absolutely zero help. I was told "I'm sorry," and "This will be addressed," but no mention of credit or attempt to retain my business whatsoever. Unfortunately, this horrific customer service failure will force me to take my business elsewhere, and willingly pay more, in order to be a VALUED customer. It is absolutely unfathomable to me, that any business in this economic situation, is willing to lose customers over such a minuscule dollar amount.
