5	Recently hired A Wise Move to move from one house to another. They were early to arrive, very nice and did a wonderful job. Pricing was fair for 3.5 hours $292.00. They also reassembled all our items and moved things from one room to another as I decided where they should go. All of my possessions arrived in perfect condition. I highly recommend this company for fast, efficient and great customer service for anyone needing to relocate.
5	I hired A Wise Move and I must say they did an impeccable job! I work in an industry where good work is appreciated and people return to me based on the work I do for them and I will be recommending A Wise Move to everyone I get the opportunity to! I am so incredibly pleased with the move! And @ a reasonable price! SOOOOOO worth it! I will be using this company the next time I need to move!
5	I hired A Wise Move twice in the past three years.  When I sold my home and when I was remodeling. The price is reasonable under $300 for a 3 bedroom house and $85 to deliver all the material for wood floors.  They are prompt, fast, clean, helpful and very careful with my things.
5	My husband & I were getting ready to relocate after a year in a assisted living facility. We had our furniture & things in a storage unit & in the AL apartment. We are both disabled & needed lots of extra help at a affordable price. We decided to see if any other Yelpers had suggestions for a good moving company. We read the great reviews on Yelp about A WISE MOVE & decided to call them. So glad we did because we hired Mike & his crew for our big move. They took great care of us & our stuff. We were very impressed with  their professionalism, speed & efficiency.
5	We used a wise move recently and it was everything I would have hoped for. We had one 26' truck and 2 movers. They were very careful with my belongings. Nothing was damaged and the move was extremely smooth and efficient. I have heard horror stories of people who used moving companies, but I can attest, these guys were nothing like the other companies that give movers a bad reputation. I wl definitely be using A Wise Move with any future moves and recommending them to everyone I know.
