5	I had not used my sprinklers in the backyard in a few weeks because I was letting the summer grass die off before the winter over seeding.  I went to turn on the sprinklers to water the freshly seeded lawn when the sprinklers began to slowly drip.  I called Jim's Irrigation the following morning and Jim, the owner, answered the phone.  Jim was able to get out to my house the same day and was ON TIME!  He advised me that it was a worn out valve and advised that since he was out that I should go ahead and replace all of the valves to save any future expenses on a service call for the other valves that appeared to all be the same age and they very likely could have malfunctioned in the very near future.  Jim provided recommendations on when these parts should be serviced and even answered my questions on the frequency of watering my yard.  I would call Jim in the future for any needed repair or installation and would refer his company to friends and family.
2	So I had an irrigation problem and since I'm not particularly experienced I called up Jim and he came out and gave me a quote.  I should have called around for other quotes but decided to go ahead and try him out.  He came out the next day about three hours late (which wasn't a big deal because I was at work) and fixed the multiple issues I had.  About 2 weeks later I awoke and looked out in the backyard and it was flooded with three inches of water.  I called Jim in a panic and he managed to calm me down and told me he'd be out the next day.  He showed up, took a look at the problem, and advised me that the valve was missing a rubber seal.  I was a little peeved because this was one of the valves they had worked on when I had called him out the first time.  He replaced it and proceeded to tell me how he was doing me a favor by only charging me 50.00 for the part and wasn't charging me for labor...I was so angry at that point that I just gave him his money and he left.  Summary:  Prices seemed a little high, not a particularly friendly character but he did come out fairly quickly when called.  I will probably use a different company in the future.
5	I have used him for irrigation system repairs for years now and can recommend him based upon the big three factors:1.  He shows up when he says he will.2.  He does work correctly and fully.  His thoroughness is important because more than once he caught something that I had not specifically reported and fixed it without asking (when there was no additional charge).3.  He doesn't invent things that need to be fixed.One issue: he may not return your call right away.  Remember this is a very small business and he is probably out working when you call.Note:  He is not a friend or relative and did not ask for this review.  Reliable service people are hard to find so I just thought I would spread the word.
