5	I've been to J'eet twice now and both times have been a pleasure. I have yet to try the crepes, but the sandwiches are amazing. Perfect crusty bread, fresh vegetables, and delicious meats & cheeses. When you want something light and incredibly fresh, I suggest you eat here!Great place to stop for a coffee as well. Very close to Children's Hospital!Excited to have J'eet in the neighborhood!
5	Like the reviewer below, I've also visited J'eet twice. I've tried both the savory and sweet crepes.The savory crepes are an excellent choice for breakfast. They are so flavorful and the ingredients taste very fresh.  My favorite so far was the turkey crepe.  The crepe is light, but it still manages to be filling enough. The savory crepes come with a side salad which has a very tasty balsamic dressing on it.I split a sweet crepe with my friend as a dessert. We tried a daily special -- s'mores crepe. It tasted just as we expected -- the chocolate, marshmellow, and graham cracker flavors just melted in my mouth! I was glad to only have half of it, though, because it was very rich.The employees at J'eet are very friendly and helpful too. Today we got to meet who I assumed is the owner. He really made us feel welcome at J'eet -- very down to earth and amiable.I can't wait to go back! The biggest downside is their hours. I'm hopeful that they will expand their hours in the future, once the place takes off a bit more. According to their website, they're only open on weekdays at the moment.EDIT: The hours on the main part of their website has been updated. It looks like they're now open on weekends (10-3). Great news!!
4	I liked it! A good option for sandwiches, salads, crepes, etc.  I had a great bagel sandwich with bacon and avocado.I couldn't resist a nutella & banana crepe.  This is one of my favorite things in the world and this one didn't disappoint.  (although with nutella involved how can you really screw it up)Service seemed a little frazzled/confused on a sunday afternoon.  I didn't think they were too busy - they just need to work the kinks out.
3	Like the star ratings say, it was a-ok. I had the turkey panini, Mr. had the pierogi crepe. He really liked the crepe, the applesauce added a nice flavor, although there was a bit too much of it. My panini was alright, cooked a little too long so it was rather crunchy, but otherwise good. The setup was a little confusing...we couldn't figure out where or how to order at first. I think we'll try it again. I also wish they had more of an a la carte menu so you can make your own crepe.
5	We went here on a Monday night because everything else was closed.   The crepes were delicious.   It is byob and we drank too much wine.   We asked to order dessert crepes and they said that they closed a half hour prior...but then the chef said what the hell and made us more food.   Very reasonable price, nice space, friendly staff and good food.
5	The perfect mix of sandwiches and salads with a great diversity of ingredients and options. Lots of fun ingredients for every taste and great specials. Far beyond your average sandwich and coffee shop! Great coffee and specialty drinks to compliment, served by friendly staff at great prices!Perfect place for breakfast, lunch, or just a snack!
5	Je'et is a pleasant addition to the Lawrenceville neighborhood, with a wonderful atmosphere reminiscent of a Parisian cafe. And the food is fresh and tasty! Their menu offers salads, sandwiches and crepes, which are moist and light, and filled with sweet or savory choices. The salad dressings are homemade, and fantastic. The service is always friendly, and I dig that they have an exhibition kitchen. Jacob, the general manager, is kind and friendly, and if he's not too busy, he will stop by to see how everything tasted. Last I was there, he informed us they were opening for dinner, it's BYOB with no corkage fee, yet. There are no wrong choices at Je'et, I can't wait to try everything!
3	The coffee and food here are excellent. I had the bacon, egg, avocado and cheddar sandwich on an everything bagel. I don't know where they get their baked goods, but they were delicious. The thing that kept me from giving this 4-5 stars was the service, however I should disclose that I went here while the whole town was watching the Steelers/Ravens game. First of all, they were out of pretty much everything on the menu that was my party's first choice. This wouldn't have been so bad if we had known up front but the waiter didn't disclose what they were out of until after we had selected and were giving our orders. After the food came, we had to make extra effort to ask for refills on water/coffee because the server kept disappearing to watch the Steelers game and when he was around, never came by our table. I understand that Pittsburgh basically shuts down for the Steelers, but he could have at least asked how we were doing or if we needed anything when he walked by.Finally, he gave us a check with no amounts on it. Just items and did so before even asking if we wanted anything else.To sum it up, the service is a bit aloof (at least when the Steelers are on) but the food and coffee more than make up for it. I'll definitely be back.
5	Back in Pittsburgh for a Steeler game, how could I resist a place with a name like J'eet? Until I moved away from the Ohio Valley in the early 90s, I thought this was how you asked someone if they were hungry. "Hey, j'eat yet?"Located on Penn on the far edge of Bloomfield that is really upper Lawrenceville, and only a stones throw from Children's Hospital, J'eet is a coffeeshop and creperie with a slightly bohemian, not too hip, on-the-go atmosphere.  Service was extremely friendly and everything was made to order.  The house coffee was top notch and the mushroom crepe served with a delightful salad of spring greens was exactly what I was craving.Highly recommended for light fare on a low budget.
4	Just got back from a delicious rainy day dinner at J'eet. I had the Cobb salad, size small (their idea of small is pretty darn large IMO). Fresh blue cheese crumbles, fresh greens, tomato slices, candied walnuts, real bacon bits...what more can you ask for? We split the Terrapin crepe for dessert. House made caramel? Who does that??? It's pretty darn tasty. A little too much cream cheese for my tastes, but the Mr. loves it that way. My only gripe with this place is the weird layout...order in the back, pay and get drinks in the front, or order in the front if you want espresso. Still can't figure out if we're supposed to bus the tables ourselves? Also the paper menus seems a bit wasteful. But really good food.
5	My favorite dining establishment in all of Pittsburgh! The food is amazing -- I brought my family here because it was really the best thing I'd eaten in the entire city.  I love their sandwiches (not really a fan of crepes, but that is not their fault!).  The coffee is also truly fantastic.  The salad they serve with sandwiches is well above typical side salad fare.  The day I went for the prix fixe breakfast, we had the best caesar salad I've had at an eating establishment, incredible pulled pork crepes, and a nice dessert crepe.  Honestly? I could have eaten that salad all day -- and the amount they served of it just about let me.This is easily my favorite place to get away from campus and school and study, eat, or just think. I'm truly sad that I haven't been able to get out as much as I'd like to this semester.
4	Okay, I would probably give this place 3.5 stars. My friend and I came here for the first time today because Coca Cafe had a loooooooong wait. We both had bagel sandwiches with side salads and they were both good. My friend, who is a regular, said, that if you order a crepe, select one with strong flavors. Otherwise, they can be bland. The service was fine and the coffee was good. For another dollar, I would prefer REAL OJ. That's my only complaint. I may go back to to try their weekend dinner menu and BYOB.
3	I was really torn between a 3 and 4 for this place.As others have mentioned, the food is pretty fantastic, but the service left something to be desired.None of us ordered anything truly complicated and we were outside dining with everyone else, so you would think we'd have fairly easy access to service. BUT, it did take a lot of flagging down for some water and coffee refills. Also, when they were bringing out all of our meals, there was a fly on mine (we were outside and my pumpkin pie crepe was indeed sweet), so they immediately took it back to remake--I didn't even ask. I know that was the best gesture, but they didn't even ask me if I wanted it taken back and while everyone else was enjoying all their yummy food, I had to sit there and watch and wait until mine was returned. So while the crepe was truly amazing, my experience was slightly tarnished because of the incident. I still think I'd give the place another shot though, since that was a unique event.I'm sure I'll be back in Pittsburgh soon, so J'eet don't let me down!
2	Don't order the Veggie Monster. I have dined on a fabulous crepe for brunch with a friend and loved the place. Service was not so great, we got our food then were ignored the rest of the meal. I work in the area and often don't have time to bring a healthy lunch. The Veggie monster was amazing when I first started ordering it once a week. It was filled with kidney beans, garbanzo beans, egg, avocado, carrots, tomato, and a heaping bed of mixed greens.  J'eet's first couple of months were great but like any new restaurant they slid into disappointment. Soon the portions were much smaller and the ample ingredients turned into barely a handful of beans, a couple of tomato slices, and a few slices of brown avocado.The majority of the salad is mixed greens, there's not enough of the other ingredients to balance the bitter flavor of too much lettuce. Last time I ordered they didn't even give me the bread that comes with this $8 salad. I've called and informed the restaurant, asked when I ordered not to skimp, but to no avail. Last week was the last straw, and our business was ordering lunch for about 6-7 ppl a week.
5	A super cozy and especially memorable (for me) spot. They have a newly painted yellow storefront, which makes it stand out a bit more. The laid back culture and welcoming nature of the staff makes you want to kick back and stay awhile. I thoroughly enjoyed the java and the Pierogie Crepe IS the most uniquely delicious indulgence you can not afford to skip. Enjoy!
1	Ugh! I had promised myself not to order from here again but my mom's eyes lit up when she heard there was a crepe option for lunch.  (I work down the street) I ordered the ham and swiss crepe with bechemel. She ordered the butter and sugar crepe with added strawberries. My crepe was ok, the ham was tasty but NO bechemel and that is why I ordered it. The crepe my mom received made my stomach drop. It looked like a large wilted, spongy pancake carelessly flipped into a TOGO box. The 3 strawberries were set on the side with a little container of whip creme. My mom loves her sweets and this was a very sad sight. She complained it was flavorless,hard to chew, and cut. She then mentioned Pamelas fresh strawberry crepe dish with a wispy sigh. She was SO not impressed and I felt bad that she didn't remotely enjoy her lunch.
4	Got there at 10:20 and was surprised to see only one other table enjoying their weekend brunch. I ordered a cafe latte and a California club sandwich with turkey. My girlfriend got the cheese crepe with three cheeses and spinach.The sandwich was really good and the thick, artisan bread really made it exceptional. The salad that came with it was light and delicious. The coffee was really good and made well. You can definitely tell they care about the quality of their coffee beans.My girlfriend really liked her crepe as well. The portions are perfect for a light brunch.On our way out we grabbed a chocolate chip cookie which was thick and somewhat cakie, REALLY good.Where the heck was everyone, 10:20 on a beautiful Saturday morning? Get the hell over to J'eet and give it a try!
2	Not a huge fan, the food is good, meaning the crepes are pretty standard.  But the coffee was barely drinkable, both times I went.  Though the main detractor was the state of service, usually I'm pretty forgiving of small foibles. The first time we went, both times for sunday brunch, we were near ignored after our food came out for a good twenty minutes.  The second time a BOH fellow came out and started cleaning the entire dining room with a bleach solution - completely negating any satisfaction we could have gained from the meal.
3	2.5 stars in my opinionit used to be alot better since the change to no espresso machine seems to me to be in a downward spiral.prior to the remodel various brews of coffee each day that changed daily.now some luke warm coffee thats nothing to special.i loved the bali blue coffee they had. not opening til 10 am!? REALLY!?  .i think most people want coffee in the morning before work.i also miss all the baked goods they had.tasty and very  good prices. maybe they can remodel back to the old jeet again.....
3	When we had moved to Pittsburgh, one of our friends had introduced us to Je'et since he knew the owner. Yellow is one of my favorite colors so I automatically liked the decor with the wooden furniture. The first time I had gone I had ordered a bagel sandwich. While there was a fried egg in it, it was dry and bland so I was not a fan of Je'et. I do like though that I did receive a salad appetizer. However my boyfriend ordered the prixe fixe menu (appetizer of usually a soup, salad or fruit; entree and then a crepe for dessert) and loved everything on it so each time that we have gone since my first time is based on his suggestion. The second time we went he insisted I go with the prixe fix menu (cup of fruit; a chorizo egg dish; and a raspberry crepe). I was pleasantly surprised - the chorizo egg dish was delicious and the raspberry crepe was a pleasant way to end the meal. My belief in Je'et has been on the up since that first experience and I have always the ordered the prixe menu when I go there now so would suggest doing the same. Another plus is that there is outside seating when the weather is nice.
2	Buddies and I were in Pitt because the Mets were in town that weekend. We saw the game last night and as usual the Mets lost. We slept in and decided to get breakfast. The diner near the fish market had a really long line and we could not find street parking.So, we mobile yelped and found J'eet. The setting and building reminded us of Brooklyn. I was sick and in a grumpy mood once again. I wanted to be on the road to get back home.When we wanted a great satisfying breakfast to end our short trip of Pitt became Lunch. We all ordered the pre-fixed breakfast brunch. The fruit salad is actually fruit cocktail form the can. Then waited half an hour for our egg entrees to come out. 3 of our plates we just luke warm. The potatoes was under cooked. Then table of 4 which was seated after us already left once we finished out entree. Then we waited another 30 for our crepes to come out. As we were waiting for our crepes to come out we complained and they acknowledged that they were slow on our order. The waiter didn't charge us for the up-sell for the specialty crepes. Whoa 4 bucks. I felt disrespected having to wait almost 2 hours for breakfast. It's wrong to see people seated half an hour we've been there leave happily full. And to see crepes that we ordered go to other tables was the icing on the pancake. I will never come here again. The food is less than average and the wait is miserable.
2	The breakfast fixed menu was a great option here and the food was good. When we received our food it was cold. This was due to the excessive time it took to get our food, over an hour. Good food but terrible service.
2	I went here on a Sunday around 11am. There were about five other tables when we arrived. The server who "greeted" us didn't even bother to say Hi, but just pointed at us and pointed at an empty table to sit down. I got the caprese bagel and salad. There was very little salad and hardly any fresh mozzarella on the bagel. Not impressed at all. Then the server came to take our plates away and asked if we wanted desert but walked away before we even had a chance to answer. Price is too high for what you actually get and the wait staff needs to actually speak to its customers.
5	I think from reading the other reviews that I might have caught them on a really good day.  Coffee was excellent, service prompt, chili perfectly piquant, and the decor was upscale and fun without being pretentious.  As a former New Yorker, I've had my fair share of crepes and felt that the Caprese that I ordered was well prepared and tasty and kind of enjoyed having a moderately priced, moderately upscale little gem across from the children's hospital.  This is where I'll take my clients when I'm in town.  Not too noisy, not too pricey, friendly, fast, and fresh.
