3	I decided to head over to the Epicentre and try out Firehouse Subs for lunch.  I went around 11:30ish and the place was packed.  The line to order your sandwich had about 4 or 5 people in it ahead of me, but they had 3 registers going so it moved quickly.  I had just the right amount of time to check out their menu board and figure out which sandwich to order.  I ordered the #9 Combo, the Firehouse Hero.  The combo is sandwich with chips & drink which came to $8.94 which is pretty pricey.  The Firehouse Hero has  roast beef, smoked turkey breast, honey ham, and melted provolone.  You can get it "Fully Involved" which is mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a dill spear on the side.  I got my drink and sat down to wait for my sandwich.  I didn't time it, but it probably took about 5 minutes to get my sandwich.  Which to me seemed a long time.  But, I was able to order immediately and get my drink so I didn't have to stand in line while they made my sandwich.  The sandwich was hot and the provolone was melted across the top.  The meats were juicy and tasty.  Overall a pretty good sandwich.   If there weren't other sandwich shops I would probably go here, but $9 for a sandwich, chips and drink is just to high when you can go to Subway or Quiznos and get about the same thing for less money.   Firehouse just isn't that much better than either to justify the premium price for its sandwiches.
4	LOVE this place! I do advise you to go when it is slower because thesandwhich will be perfection in this instance =)The staff is welcoming and they have the same ppl during certain shifts so your face will become known and they make you feel special!
4	Great place for a quick lunch. The subs are pretty good, and the staff is very friendly.
4	My ode to Firehouse...In the EpiCentre you lie,Tasty sandwiches are made on the fly,Friendly employees work here,And they're open late, no fear! You can drop by for a quick lunch or dinner,And save some money, too,That makes you a winner.I prefer the #3 steamer,It makes me so happy, But not so much leaner. Stop in for a sandwich, some chips and a Coke,That Freestyle machine is awesome, no joke,Enjoy your sub with gusto and style,Firehouse has your back, with a smile!
4	Hello FriendsWE went in early 10:30am. WE were greated with a friendly "Hello, Welcome to Firehouse". I ordered a LARGE (12 inch) Firehouse Hero Sub, which consisted of Premium roast beef, smoked turkey, Virginia honey ham, provolone.8.09 plus tax 8.76I walk pass this place often on my way into the gig. around 7am. Sometimes i can catch an early employee stocking, cleaning and getting ready for the day ahead. Pretty clean inside.. but then again.. I was so early they probably thought i was a health inspector or something. No biggie.The prices aren't that bad (not that great either), but for what its worth, between this place and my favorite Jersey Mikes.... I'll keep an eye out on this place. I like it! and I'lllllll be bauk!!
3	An ok sub. I would visit again if I was in the mood for a sub and was in the vicinity, but would not seek the place on my next visit to Charlotte.
3	This was my first time at any Firehouse Sub.  It was ok.  It's way better than Subway.  Staff was very nice. Asked if my sandwich was good, cleared my tray, and were just an all around pleasure to eat there.
4	This place is very quick and a healthier alternative (if you get the deli meat choice subs on wheat bread).  I love this place because it is a tastier version of subway.  They also have a get variety of drinks with their high tech fountain drink dispenser.  I would recommended to get the: -Engineer: if you are a mushroom lover this one is for you!-Hook & Ladder: This one has a bunch of deli meat so it is healthier, but still with that amazing taste! The workers here are awesome they usually clean up after you which is definitely not expected because it is a fast food joint.  I will probably be here on a weekly basis.  Enjoy!
4	Yabba Dabba Delicious!  I've only been here once, but I'll be back.  The Hook and Ladder is made with turkey, ham, and yum.  It's soft, it's fresh, it's warm, it's good!Not much to write about as far as the layout and decor goes.  I guess I could tell you that it's a bit cramped.  The pricing isn't exactly cheap either.It's a sub shop...and the subs are worth stopping for.
4	Who doesn't love firehouse subs. Once I had these subs in college, no other sub shop compares. Hot and fresh. Offer an assortment of hot sauces (which I love). Wish I could open up my own franchise.
