1	TERRIBLE.  Don't waste your time.  My husband called these guys to fix our dishwasher 3 days before a big dinner party.  We both rushed home from work to meet the scheduled technician at 5:30; the tech never showed up!  My husband called the company, and someone who called himself a "scheduling guy" answered a cell phone, super abrupt- said he was too busy in the line at the bank to help coordinate the details and pretty much hung up on my husband.  My husband thought they were disconnected, called the guy back, only to hear the guy call him "rude" for interrupting his time at the bank, my husband apologized, and they guy said it was too late and he was cancelling our appointment.  Seriously?  Your company no-shows at a job, insults customers, and then cancels our appointment??  Wow.
1	Called them off craigslist.  They were suppose to come for service call and the service tech didn't show up.  When I called there number to ask if they were running behind.  I got chewed out by the office number that he was at the bank and was canceling my service call.  Very strange has this company is ran.  DON'T USE.  On craigslist they go by Appliance Repair Specialist and have this number.
1	Appliance Pros are professional Con Artists! Charged $500 to repair my washer. 3 months later it breaks again . Bill Emerson ,the owner of the company,came out and said it needed another part. He never came back! I was told more then once he was in the van and on his way to my house.i called another company after a week and a half of waiting for Bill to get back to my house. When the other company came out they found that the parts that Bill said he replaced were never replaced! DON'T USE THIS COMPANY ! THEY ARE THE LOWEST TYPE OF CON ARTISTS!! They go by many different names including Appliance Pro & Appliance Specialists to name a few. Google BILL EMERSON, APPLIANCE PROS, APPLIANCE SPECIALISTS, 480-835-1349 and you will find he has an F rating with the BBB and many other bad reviews. Also featured on 3 ON YOUR SIDE.http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2763177475725&set=p.2763177475725&type=1
1	I really hate even giving these clowns one star, as it's an insult to the star.  I called Appliance Specialists one month ago and had my dryer "repaired" by Steve. He seemed pleasant enough and said that the dryer should run for several more years with no issues. Here I am, four weeks later, and after contacting the company, I was assured that they were proud to stand behind their work and would be at my home between 1pm-2pm today. Now that they're an hour later, I called and was hung up on. When I called back (thinking I might've been disconnected), I got their voice mail box.  So much for customer service or common congeniality.  These guys are the worst I've ever dealt with and how they stay in "business" is a wonder.  Please beware!!!UPDATE!I left the above review yesterday, September 18th. Today I've had a service technician from Wright's Appliance Repair come to my home to repair the dryer ASS-Company had supposedly already fixed last month. This new technician found that the person who'd just worked on my dryer had cut a couple of electrical cords within the dryer which caused a domino effect of issues with the machine causing it to fail.  I stand by my statement of "Beware!" and highly urge prospective clients to consider any alternative to Appliance Specialists.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!! Bill had no problem taking and immediately depositing my hefty check but never showed up to do the work! He repeatedly hung up on me. When he did answer the phone I got excuse after excuse, "I'm in line at the parts store, Ill be there in 20 minutes" He never showed..."I'm right down the street"...he never showed...Im at my attorneys for my dead brother...really? on Saturday? For a deposition...but you can answer your phone? Then he told me if I called again he would file harassment charges on me! He also said that when he took the check, even though he promised to be back in 2 days...that it says nothing on the receipt about WHEN he has to come back and if he wanted to wait months he could!!! WHAT?! I had to give one star to post this but NO STAR SHOULD BE AN OPTION!
1	Update: after I tried to serve Bill and found out that his address was a fake I realized just what a pro he was. So I called from a different phone and scheduled another repair. He again told me many lies and elaborate stories and told me how he could give me a discount if I had cash. He told me how "the wife doesn't know about cash ya know" then he may have thought about how shady that sounded and changed it so he wasn't hiding money from his wife but how he paid cash for her birthday Yukon unlimited...wow that makes me feel better Bill...maybe the IRS should know this information! Anyway...I set up the fake appt so I could serve him for my day in court and it worked beautifully!! I think the others affected should come to the hearing and serve him as well and get him shut down!! Or set up your own fake appts.
1	Bill Emerson from Appliance Specialists or Appliance Pros is very good......at scamming people. My issue has been going on since March. He took $740 from me to repair my refrigerator that never worked after he "repaired" it. I, also, made the phone calls, was told he would be there, and had many "no shows". I had to buy a new one.I have been trying to find him & went to "Tell Joe" on ABC15. They aired my story last night.  THEY tried to find him also, but, couldn't.. Is there anything that all of us can do, to get our money back? I'm not one to just forget about this. I work too hard to be "taken" for this kind of money!!
