5	I am a bit late but I need to review this furniture store! I had recently moved to Las Vegas and needed to get a bed for my guest room as being from Hawaii, lots of family come to visit me here in Las Vegas. I checked out a few places and as you'll see in other furniture place reviews you get bombarded by sales people as soon as you walk in so it makes it a bit uncomfortable. However, Brock was great to work with!! No pressure in buying something at all. He showed me my options and let me walk around the store with my sister alone to discuss what it was that we wanted to do. The prices are great as well. They offer a tremendous discount compared to MSRP. I ended up going with a full size pillow top mattress which was priced GREAT! They even offered free delivery!When they delivered the bed, they actually delivered the wrong bed. They realized it as well and they ended up bringing the correct bed SAME DAY! GREAT SERVICE! They even gave me a free lamp for the inconvenience! Now that is good CUSTOMER SERVICE!If you are looking to buy furniture, from dining room, to bed room Brock is who you need to see! GREAT CUSTOMER SERIVCE & GREAT PRICES! thanks BROCK!!
2	I recently moved to the area and needed a few odds and ends- end tables, night stands, decor. Thought this might be a good place to hit up, because who needs to spend much on those items?Though there are some bargains to be had, this chain's name seems to be a bit of a misnomer- $1200 for a "half price" bedroom set seems a bit much. I don't know whose MSRP they're going by.Found a bed head/footboard marked down to $200, whichever as a good deal, but seemed to be one of the only ones.I liked that I was not stalked through the store by commission-hungry sales staff, but perhaps of they'd gotten up from their desks at all or ended their personal conversation, I could have found out if they sell end tables or night stands separately or only as part of a room set.
1	A little late about this review but i decided to post because the same thing happen with a co worker that shopped here. I Bought a living room set here and the service was horrible, on the time of purchase it was all sweet and great but when my delivery date came by their promises were completely dishonest and undone. The "manager" was completely an asshole. Called to remind him about the promises he had made because my furniture did not get delivered.  He hang up on me and did not want to speak about the subject. They ended up charging me hidden fees . I do not recommend this business nor would I ever shop here.
1	Half Price, Zero Service!I found the store to be alright and surprisingly I DID find something I liked and made a purchase. The staff was very friendly and I was excited about my order. Delivery was promised the next weekend, I was called on the delivery day with the time window for delivery and then 2 hours later, I was called back informed that they in actuality did NOT have my furniture in possession to begin with. The person at the store could do absolutely nothing to help me and did not offer any compensation. What is worse, is that though I was promised follow up with a phone call by Monday morning, the call never came. I got in contact with them and was given the run-around about delivery dates and a bunch of EMPTY PROMISES (as mentioned by another reviewer). Two weeks later, I filed a dispute with the bank for my money back. This store/"business" is SHADY! Do NOT shop here and do NOT let any of the friendly staff fool you, they are clueless and rats just like the "boss" they work for. Just so you know, their "ALL SALES ARE FINAL" rule is null and void if they do not deliver what/when they say the will deliver. Thank you to the bank for informing me of that. I will peacefully go shop at RC Willy now.
4	I stumbled on this place while out and about. My wife and I were looking for a new bed (just headboard, footboard and rails) We stopped it just to see what they had. The ended up having exactly what we were looking for. The price was very good and so we bought it and set delivery. Afterwards I read the reviews of this place, and normally I would have avoided it if I had read the reviews before I went in. However, after working with them myself I have very little complaints. Let me say, if you are expecting five star service then this is not your place. You get what you pay for. If you want to get five star service you have to pay for it. This is a low price furniture store. The people in store are very friendly and most of the people I dealt with were super nice and helpful. Especially the delivery people. I think the biggest issue is that previous reviewers are not asking the right questions before they buy. So below are a few pointers on that. Before that I will say I got what I ordered, in good condition, and delivered when they said it would be. So I give them 3.5 stars rounding up to four for the friendly service.PointersFirst you must understand, unlike RC Willey and your larger companies, stores like this do not really have a warehouse of furniture. They have to rely on the manufacturer to have it in their warehouse in California and get it to them in time for delivery.With the above said, you should ALWAYS ask if the product is in stock in the manufacturer's warehouse (they can check this fairly easily. If it is then you will definitely receive it very quickly. If not, be prepared to wait a while, because they cannot get it until the manufacturer provides it.If you do the above you will have a much better experience with stores such as this one. I honestly would not recommend purchasing unless they do not have it in stock though. It could cause a long wait and much stress on your part.
1	I know another store just like this one stay away from bigs furniture they are real real bad they could not get a simple furniture delivery right  three times they delivered the wrong furniture wrong color two weeks to get money back no return calls these people are bad stay away from them to
4	Sales staff was very helpful and low pressure. Furniture is exactly what I ordered and was delivered the day it was promised. It was one hour late but totally understandable being the day before thanksgiving and people wanting their furniture for the holiday. Delivery guys were very professional and considerate. Thanks Half Price! I will be back!
