5	I don't very often take the time to write good reviews, just the bad ones. However, I need to write this one. I had a crack in my windsheild, asked around with friends and was told to call these guys. They gave me a quick quote on the phone and it was $70 cheaper than the company my insurance company sent me to. I made an appt, showed at my scheduled time and was in & out in less than 1 hour. I was also very inpressed with the manner the woman and guy working the counter handled me and other customers, on the phone and in person. I wish I had made a note of their names but it was Friday, 2/22/13 around 3 PM. They know who they are. GREAT JOB folks!Being an owner of a customer service based business, I know how important customer service is. These guys were great, very good priced and quick. I will recommend this company to everyone I know.
4	I came home this morning to find a dime-sized chip on my windshield.  A guy who runs a body shop recommended these guys, so I took my car down there.  The manager took one look at it and noticed a minute crack on the side of the chip--enough that he told me it wasn't fixable, and I'd have to eventually replace it.  He gave me a quote that was at least $50 cheaper than what I'd have to pay taking it to the dealer or to Safelite. Very courteous and professional--definitely worth the drive.
1	Came here to replace the back sliding window for my truck, was told to come back at 3 pm for the install - had a friend follow me all the way there to take me back once it was done...When we arrived they said the window wasn't there and that they tried calling me - no missed calls, pretty sure they didn't have their shit together. So we had to leave.They then said to come back monday and that the ordered window would be in no later then noon- come monday, they told me they didn't have the window and wouldn't have it, at all.Didn't offer an alternative - and the 2 women at the front desk were 'eye rolling divas' as if IIIIII was in the wrong!Bad customer Service.Poor time management.Disrespectful.Bad inventory.-Enjoy!
5	This very may well be my very first yelp review but I had to come on here and review Glassmaster's because they did a superb job on my vehicle yesterday!! I had a large crack running across my windshield so I had to get repaired as soon as possible. I called to make an appointment Tuesday and the wonderful front desk girl Alexis scheduled me for an 8 AM appointment the next day. I was in and out of there within 45 minutes, everybody was superduper nice and the glass looks amazing!! And on top of the GREAT customer service that I received yesterday she also helped me save over $100!!! Could not of had a better experience!! I highly highly highly recommend Glassmasters if you need any kind of glass or windshield repair. Thank you thank you thank you Alexis!!
5	Excellent service. I've had a full replacement and a repair here. Great service ! Highly recommend
