5	Had oil changes and repairs done. Never been disappointed yet. See website for coupons on oil changes.
5	Great service and very reasonable price. I stuck my tractor in the mud yesterday, my neighbor and I couldn't get it out.  Called Allen's this afternoon and by 4 PM he had it out. He charged less than half of what the other guy quoted me on the phone.
5	I was referred to Allen's by a friend who is an ex body man and mechanic a couple years ago when I had problems with my a/c on my commuter Civic. Eric charged a minimal amount for a dye test and found the problem and took the time to show and explain to me exactly what it was and I was able to fix it myself. Last week my van was having a cooling issue that Eric scanned the code and told me exactly what the problem was again, which was the cheapo thermostat I had installed a few weeks prior. 5 days later my Civic's timing belt snapped on the 101 and Allen's towed me in, diagnosed it quickly, advised me on everything needed and charged a very fair and reasonable amount for the repair. Repairs were done quickly and the car drives perfect. What else can you ask for than an honest business that charges a fair amount for quality work?
1	I brought my car to Allen's because my headlights stopped working. They were very nice and got my car in quickly. They gave me a quote of $631 for a replacement headlight dimmer switch. After the initial sticker shock, I decide to research the part myself. I found the part online for $199 when Allen's was charging $460. When I called and questioned them about it, they said that is what NAPA quoted them. Sooooo, I called NAPA. The price they gave me was $350 (still $110 less than Allen's told me). I decided to order the part and change it myself. I feel like they were trying to get more money out of me unfairly. My quote from them has an "other charge" of $20 on top of the part from NAPA being marked up $110. I'm sad and disappointed that they tried to scam me out of money. I can't comment on the quality of their work as I decided not to go use their services. All I can comment on is that I feel as though they were dishonest in their part price quote. I will not be using or referring Allen's in the future.
1	These guys are not good at troubleshooting and are very good at not fixing what needs to be done. I have used them for several years and the service has deterioated over that time. I brought a vehicle in and told them the car had a vibration at Idle, Eric called me back and told me that I needed brakes and new tires???? Really, thats your call for an idle vibration...new tires and brakes???? The bottom line here is they do not try to help find the problem they are just looking for there $90.00 per hour shop rate and another reason you need to spend more money!!!!!!
5	Having problems passing emissions. Went to NAPA on Combs and said it tested fine only to fail again. Took it to Allan's and he found the problem immediately. An inexpensive 4 inch hose. Very impressed
