2	I went to the Fig Tree thinking it was going to be fantastic but it was not.  The food was VERY expensive, and not very satisfying.  My boyfriend had ostrich that was like rubber.  The pumpkin soup i had was great, but my steak was not.  I would not reccomend this place when there are so many other great options for the same or a cheaper price.
5	Everyone is entitled to there opinion but I can't see how anyone could be displeased with this restaurant (as another reviewer has suggested). Sure, every establishment can have an "off night" but I find it hard to believe The Fig Tree is such a place. In fact, by this review I am hoping to help spread the word about this hidden gem in Charlotte. We went on a Tuesday night - probably their slowest night of the week - but we were still treated to what I would describe as art on a plate. The restaurant was decorated for the Christmas Holiday and the gas fireplace was lit. In other words, the mood was set. The heavy copper-bound menus were succinct but descriptive. We started with the lobster hushpuppy appetizer (which we were told has never been off the menu since the beginning) and they were delicious. More like a conch fritter than a hushpuppy but a perfect start. My wife ordered the seared scallops and I order their popular Osso Bucco. My wife rarely finishes everything, but she absolutely cleaned her plate on this visit. The scallops were tender, mild with just enough sauce. Coupled with truffle mashed potatoes she said it was one of the best meals she had ever had. My Osso Bucco was delicious as well. It was cooked and accompanied by foods that spoke more of "Pot Roast" than the traditional Italian method, but that's a good thing. On a cold night it was perfect. The shank was fork tender and I later quipped to the waiter that I didn't need the steak knife he placed in front of me - it just fell off the bone. It was accompanied with Spinach Speatzle which was a nice compliment to the gravy it floated in. The evening was topped off with a seasonal Gingerbread Bread Pudding that was incredible. I asked for the recipe and gave them my email address. My fingers are crossed I receive it.
3	I had a great first impression of Fig Tree. We sat at the bar waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. While browsing the wine list, the bartender gave us tastes of several of their by-the-glass whites. They were all tasty; it was a great introduction to the restaurant.Their menu got me interested too. It has things like escargots, lamb in phyllo, and elk. Unfortunately, things started to unravel when the food came to the table. The creamy sauce that surrounded the escargots just didn't work for me. The Lamb Wellington was inexcusably bland. The elk just seemed to lack flavor (it came nowhere close to the same dish at Circa 1886 in Charleston).The best thing we order was the trout, which was rich and delicious. The potato gratin cakes that accompanied the fillet mignon and the elk were also yummy. The desserts were good too. We got a very good standard creme brulee and cinnamon-sugar beignets, which were good but not traditional.I considered giving Fig Tree two stars instead of three--some of the food was just not good and we did send back a muscles appetizer that had some off flavors--but the wine list, the ambiance, and the desserts were great. Maybe you're better off sticking to just drinks and sweets at Fig Tree.
4	Food: I ordered the Lobster Hush Puppies, Pumpkin Soup and Scallops for dinner. The Lobster Hush Puppies were a a little dry .  I think I got excited because it has the word "lobster" in it.  I couldn't really get any lobster flavor, but they were fried so you really don't taste much but  the oil and sweetness of the hush puppy anyway.   Good thing I like hush puppies.  The pumpkin soup and scallops were delicious.  The cold pumpkin soup was surprisingly good because, normally, I'm not a fan of cold soups.  It tasted fresh and light; I expected a heavier soup.  I cleaned my bowl.  You have to be careful when ordering scallops.  I find that the restaurant  either gets it perfectly or just doesn't know how to cook scallops. The scallops were amazing. They were so tender.  The chive butter sauce is delicious. D to the E to L-I-C-I-O-U-S. Atmosphere: First rate.  The restaurant is in an old house with lots of charm. It may be a cramped but who cares?  It's more intimate that way.  Aside: I was on a business dinner.  Everything tastes better when it's free.  With that being said, if I had to pay I would probably rate it a 3 for value - great food but pricey.  In the same price range, Fig Tree would still be a the top of my list.  Rating on just food: 4 Rating on value: 3 But I'm a stingy bastard.
4	Really the only reason this place didn't get a 5Th star was because of the price of the food.  This place has a very nice atmosphere, and a very fancy feel to it.  The food itself is excellent, especially the mashed potatoes.  It was all full of flavor and cooked perfectly.  The service was good, not quite as excellent as you would expect from the high prices, but still better than some places.
4	Hands down my favorite high end restaurant in Charlotte.  No million dollar decor.  A very welcoming and cozy place.  Exceptional wine selection and a chef driven kitchen that always has something fun and unique to try.  Go with time to spare because it is very easy to have time just fly by.
5	I went to a wine tasting here, and it was amazing. The food was great, and the chef was very kind about accommodating my picky vegetarianism. From the appetizer to the dessert, it was a great fine-dining experience. I haven't been to a regular dinner here, but I highly recommend their wine tastings. This one was $75 per person, and it was worth every penny. I left feeling slightly tipsy and with a bellyfull of fine dining finest. It's a beautiful place for a romantic dinner. The one problem with the wine tasting was that we were seated with several other people, which kind of cut down on the romance...however, it was worth it for the great food and the little education in wine.
3	We sat on the porch and it was lovely.  I definitely recommend sitting on the porch.  The menu was very promising, but the food wasn't quite as good as I had expected.  I think the highlight of the experience was the drinks - a great bottle of Malbec for around $25, and excellent French press coffee.  This is kind of weird, but I liked the bathroom - it was like being in a big bathroom at someone's funky old home instead of an industrial restaurant bathroom.
5	I have definitely found my new favorite Charlotte restaurant. Fig Tree was everything I had been hoping for on a Friday night: the service was top notch, the food was amazing, and the ambiance was perfect. This charming restaurant actually feels more like you are in someone's home, with your own personal chef preparing your special order for you.In contrast with the usual restaurant atmosphere, Fig Tree is much more personal. There are five different areas for you to dine: you can sit in the candlelit main area, which feels like you are in the living room of a charming home, and admire one of the three fireplaces in the house; you may eat in the back area near the beautiful bar, or you can eat outdoors on the wrap-around porch, to name a few. There are also dining areas upstairs, which I'm sure is just as cozy. We chose the porch, which was perfect.Our waiter was totally on-point. He knew the menu in and out and was able to make great recommendations on both food and wine, and he was always right there when you needed him without being in your face. He was also very personable and made us feel at home right away. If you are a red wine drinker, order the bottle of the Malbec by Paul Hobbs - you will not be disappointed. We started off with oysters, (which were a special that night), and they were delicious - 6 different oysters prepared three different ways, and I can't remember all of them but I do remember feta and spinach, gorgonzola on one, and just deliciousness all around. We also ordered the Lobster Hushpuppies, which we ate so fast I almost can't give an accurate review of them - all I can tell you is Y-U-M. For my main course I had the halibut, which was completely out-of-control - sauteed, topped with lobster and lobster butter sauce, with asparagus - every bite was delicious, and I couldn't get enough of it. We didn't have room for dessert, but I have no doubt that it would've been phenomenal, as was everything else with this place. While the Fig Tree is pricey, I would definitely check it out on a night you could swing it and would recommend it over most restaurants I've been to in Charlotte, without a doubt.
5	Best local restaurant I've been to in Charlotte. The service was friendly and  quick. The food was outstanding...yes it was pricey but worth it. I've eaten there multiple times with my wife and in a group of 14 and each time the same great food and service.
2	Atmosphere - five stars.  Food - two stars.  Value - zero stars.Fig Tree is in a beautiful old home, and I think it is the prettiest (and most romantic) restaurant I have been to in Charlotte.  Sadly, spending time in the house requires that you eat the food - and that's not something you really want to subject yourself to...There are some positives to mention about Fig Tree.  I have been there for dinner on two separate occasions.  Each time, the service was good.  At the first meal, our server was particularly attentive and friendly.  A HUGE positive in Fig Tree's favor is that they do try very, very hard to provide great customer service.  Before my first visit I called the restaurant to ask about vegetarian options.  I spoke with someone from the kitchen, and he assured me that they could provide options that were not on the menu.  I was very impressed.  I have also been very impressed with the wine/champagne that I have had at Fig Tree.  At the first dinner, we had a half bottle of Lang and Reed Cab. Franc.  It is really hard to find, and it is an incredible treat when I get the chance to have it.  The second dinner I went to was a champagne dinner, and the champagne pairings were wonderful.  Sadly, the food at Fig Tree has been a major disappointment.  At my first meal, I ordered a special which included a steak and a crab cake.  The steak was mediocre.  There was very little flavor, and the quality of the meat seemed totally inappropriate for the type of restaurant that Fig Tree aspires to be.  (To be fair, my vegetarian companion enjoyed her pasta dish.)  If the steak was mediocre, then the crab cake didn't get close to being mediocre.  It was one of the worst crab cakes I have ever had - at any restaurant.  I was shocked.  On my second visit to Fig Tree a friend was treating me to a champagne dinner.  I literally can't remember a single course... Not a good sign for such a memorable event.  I feel as though I have to try Fig Tree one more time, for so many people seem to love this restaurant... But, for now, I would recommend that you spend your money elsewhere if you are looking for a restaurant for a special evening.
4	Great atmosphere, great service, and very, very good food. The wine list is interesting - not massive but a very varied selection across all price ranges and full of non-mainstream choices. The oyster on special we had were impeccable - obviously that's about the sourcing, but the frozen mignonette was a delightful addition. The Elk chop was beautifully cooked, with a magnificent sauce and really lovely sides. The lamb unfortunately was overcooked - not served at the requested medium rare - but they were happy to replace it but both diners declined. Still the sauce and sides drew raves.So, a less than perfect meal but still a delightful experience , and I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant- I only wish I could afford to eat here more often! Food was perfect, wine selection was amazing, the waiter was attentive and super nice, and the atmosphere can't be beat (quiet, romantic, beautiful). Go Here! I still love Zebra and Barrington's, but Fig Tree definitely beats them out.
4	3 1/2 Stars Loved the atmosphere! We sat at the bar first and had a cocktail to get started, although this seemed to have been frowned upon because we were getting the look to sit and eat!! Nevertheless we sat in time of our reservation and enjoyed ourselves!!We had started with the Cheese Plate and Scallop with Chorizo, Carrot, and a Maple Butter. The Cheese plate was lacking and not my favorite cheese plate in town. However the Scallop was really well prepared, it was cooked just right and the flavors were great!!For my Entree I had the Halibut with Lobster and Lobster Butter with Asparagus It was cooked good and I ate everything on my plate, but I just felt like it was missing some flavor. My Friends also had the Halibut and  the Wahoo Special which was over cooked but tasty!!All in all this was a good meal the server was great (Ty) and suggested great wine! I would come again and get that Scallop!! I just wasn't Wowed
4	Went here with a potential vendor during a business trip to Charlotte recently.  I had heard about the Fig Tree prior but hadn't been.  It is located in an old house so it is very small but well appointed.  We had a party of about 12 - 15 and the waitstaff did a great job.  The service was impeccable.  The food was excellent - i am not sure about some of the other reviews that said the food was just ok.  Everyone in our party was delighted with their dishes.  We had several (read about 6) bottles of wine and drinks.  The wine list is excellent.  I did not pay so i cannot really give a good handle on price but I am pretty sure it was expensive per person.  This is a nice romantic restaurant that would be prefect for special occassion.  I will be back for sure.
5	Dear God,Thank you for making this restaurant!  I had the best meal ever!  It was ALL delicious!Amen,Deanna
3	Went with colleagues to this place on a Wednesday night.  I thought the menu was creative, an approach I was obliged to encourage by ordering the Elk Chop.  Everyone in our party seemed please with their dishes.  The service was decent, although our server was no help with the wine list and at a place like this I would have expected better wine knowledge.
5	I have seen The Fig Tree Restaurant for years and was curious about trying the food.It is pricey, but when I saw that elk and escargot were served I had to try it. I like wild game and trying new foods. Although I have had both before.I had the elk cooked medium; it was tender and flavorful. It was served with cabbage and potato gratin. At first, I was not sure about how the flavors came together, but as I ate it more they complimented each other well. Good wine selection.The escargots was prepared differently from how I had them on a cruise once before. With the way they were prepared here, I was able to taste the flavor of the snail. It was chewy (like calamari) and good; to me there was a slight citrus taste. Not sure if I can compare the taste of it to anything. For desert, I had the bananas foster cheese cake. That was good!I had a good experience at Fig Tree.The service was good and you are welcome to take a look upstairs; liked the interior of the house. Built in 1913, I tried to imagine what 1913 Charlotte was like!This neighborhood reminds me of East Nashville.
5	I absolutely love The Fig Tree.  First of all, the restaurant is in the beautifully restored Lucas house on the corner of 7th and Hawthorne.  As soon as you walk in you are met with an atmosphere of balanced elegance and comfort.  The service is spot on-friendly staff who are timely with the plating and water, but give you enough space for intimate conversation.  The food is absolutely divine.  The menu changes with the seasons but some of my favorites have been the seared pumpkin sead encrusted scallop over a pumpkin and potato hash with a cider butter sauce, beet carpaccio, apple beggar's purse with carmalized pears, and some incredible deserts.They will also accomodate any dietary issues you may have...an ex and I did a 5 course vegetarian wine paired dinner no problem.  The chef/owner, Greg, came out and personally said hi.  I have always had a beautiful time here.  A great place to impress, but also appropriate for a lovely night out with friends.PS...they have wine dinners every month or so where you can meet the wine maker!
5	Great special occasion restaurant with fabulous food, attentive service, and ridiculous wine list. We went to Fig Tree for my birthday last night and really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is very intimate, but be sure to dress up a bit as you will otherwise feel out of place. Our server, Ty, was very good about making recommendations and was attentive without being annoying throughout the entire meal. On to the food.... We started with the appetizer special, which was squash flowers stuffed with ricotta cheese and pesto and then flash fried. Very, very good. We then moved on to the salad course. The house salad is delicious with the added goat cheese and homemade balsamic vinaigrette dressing. I had the halibut special, which was out of this world. So delicious and cooked to perfection. My boyfriend had the filet and said it was very good as well. For dessert, you must, and I mean MUST, have the beignets with coffee gelato and cinnamon anglaise. I'm serious - one of the best desserts I've ever had, and that's saying a lot as I'm quite the dessert aficionado. The mixed berry bread pudding was also delicious, but if you're only ordering one dessert, go with the beignets. Or if you're ordering two desserts, get two orders of beignets. You get my point.... Parking is no problem as the restaurant has a private lot. One thing I found a bit odd is that the bathrooms are on the second level, so if you have a disability (or plan to partake in a few alcoholic beverages), please keep that little factoid in mind.
5	My husband I waited for a special occasion to dine at the Fig Tree and it was wonderful! The hostesses were warm and wished my husband a happy birthday. The atmosphere is sophisticated but cozy. Our waiter (Ty) was attentive, friendly and  made excellent recommendations. Most importantly, the food was amazing and the bananas foster cheesecake was exceptional. The entire experience left me with a scrumptious memory. The Fig Tree is a Charlotte must for a special night. Yum.
5	This place was amazing!  It is located in an old house off of 7th that is just stunning inside.  Although expensive, the food is worth every penny.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants the best of the best.
5	What an excellent meal we had at the Fig Tree. From the food to the drinks to the service. Everything was top notch. It was date night and our dinner helped it along towards perfect evening status. We started with the seared foie gras which was served atop an almond bread puddingish delight and drizzled with a blueberry gastrique. Just lovely. She had a scallop app and I had the double cut elk chop in a gorganzola cream for dinner and both were fab. Service was on point throughout the evening and they arranged for a cab to get us to our next destination. All in all, highly recommended!
4	Do you love food?We flew into Charlotte for a short weekend.  I yelped for a restaurant for Friday night dinner, early, and was fortunate to pick TFT.  Set in an remodeled older home the tree is welcoming and a comfortable environment.  The menu hits of a creative chef who keeps a southern menu balanced with a creative approach.  We tried a few appetizers (the purse and the tart) and a few salads (the caesar and the beet).  All were perfect.  The entrees were very yummy.  I had a seared tuna which made my day.  The waiter, Ty, was perfect as well.  Just friendly enough to make us feel welcome while knowing when to back away and give us space.  I promise if you love food and you want to enjoy a great little restaurant try this place.  Next trip to Charlotte we will go back.
5	Rivals my experiences at Napa valley restaurants.  Very unique menu. Interesting appetizers, excellent well prepared fish dishes.  The wine list was excellent and prices were moderate. The restored Lucas house provided an intimate experience with excellent service by Ty.
5	Excellent!  Fine dining atmosphere, service, quality yet not pretentious and snobby.  Extensive wine list.We had stuffed pork chop, grouper w/lobster, Elk Chop, and Veal Chop.  All were outstanding and very generous portions. Their menu is very unique.Dessert was creme brulee and beignets...also fabulous!Highly recommend!
4	Awesome, I stopped here for some dessert and they were totally accommodating. It's almost like stepping into a nice elegantly decorated living room. Service is pretty top notch and friendly even if all I wanted was dessert.I got some pumpkin cheesecake and my date got the beignets. We stated to our server that we were probably going to share dessert with each other which usually means we should get some extra plates to divvy up the goods. Well was I super surprised when they brought out 2 desserts of each for us gratis! Was this be super nice to Jimmy day and I wasn't aware of it?! The beignets were light fluffy and fatty forming an excellent pairing with the creme and coffee. While the pumpkin cheesecake, oh god my pumpkin cheesecake. I am convinced it is the food of the gods, so creamy, so pumpkiny, with a buttery savory crust. Oh I was so tempted to lick the plate. We ate on a couch in front of the cozy fireplace, perfect.I'm going to have to return here soon to sample more of their food and see how it fares.
3	When I drop $150 on a meal for 2 people, I expect something very near perfection otherwise I'm disappointed.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good (filet and lamb chops), but I really just don't understand the cost.I like the craftsman style structure of the restaurant and the intimate feel.  The service was descent, but nothing really to write home about.I can easily say I will not go here again unless someone else is paying.  There are too many excellent, reasonably priced restaurants in Charlotte for me to want to re-vist the Fig Tree.
5	Fine dining - you bet! This restaurant is in a restored historic house and beautifully done at that. Each room is small enough so that you feel like you are privately dining.The service is very well trained and professional. The servers know and understand the food, preparations and ingredients - that is so nice. Service is usually very prompt  and well paced, although we have waited a little longer than we would have liked between courses on a few occasions, but on balance we have not seen this to be an issue whatsoever.The wine list is extensive and well priced. I noticed that they have won the Wine Spectator award of excellence for many years in a row. I would say you will find the seafood and chops are just superb. The chops range from Veal, Elk, Pork. and Lamb (on our visits). We have tried them all and for meat lovers they are not to be missed. Something I very much admire and respect is our meats always come out at the ordered temperatures. Thisis something less quality restaurants will bring an adventure of hit and miss.For appetizers we love the beggars purse, beef carpaccio and the foie gras. We don't usually eat dessert but have liked the Beignets. I would be wiling to recommend this restaurant to anybody who loves fine dining.
5	I have to be honest, as a well versed food snob who is throughly versed in the Charlotte dining scene, this is the BEST restaurant in its class in the area.  It has everything I want, and more in a fine dining establishment.  Great Service, atmosphere, and most of all AWESOME FOOD.We went this past Friday for my wife's birthday dinner.  They took the first part of the week off (New Years Week off), but opened back on Thursday.  I left a message on their machine on Monday to call me for a reservation and I had certain questions for the chef.  I received a call on Wednesday confirming that they had availability and we discussed the menu where I made certain requests that would put the finishing touches on making my wifes birthday memorable.  I requested Chantrelle Mushrooms as a side and they were able to accomodate me (SCORE POINTS FOR ME WITH THE WIFE!)We ate the Brie Stuffed Tart as an appetizer, which was delicately made and had a wonderful flavor.  I also topped my house salad with warm fried calamari which was a decadent add on that can't be beat!  I ate the Osso Bucco which was accompanied by a nice spatzle (sp?) that was perfectly cooked and much better than other Osso Bucco's served in the area.  We finished it off with a Godiva Chocolate cheesecake which was decorated with "Happy Birthday" for my wife.What I like about the Fig Tree is that it's a locally owned, Ched run establishment that has stood the test of time.  It hasn't compromised quality in a tough economy like most other non chains and seems to have it's act together.  They use local farms / produce when they can and jusdging by the crowd on Friday night other people have taken notice and appreciate it also.Well done Fig Tree!  We are lifelong fans!!
5	This place is everything you hope a restaurant would be and more.  The restaurant is  beautiful on the outside and makes you feel like you are stepping into someone's home.  It is fancy, but not too fancy.  When my husband and I walked in, I was greeted with such a warm smile from the hostess.While walking to our table, we were able to view the other rooms that were decorated in different ways.  My husband had informed me that each room had a different theme.  The ambiance from the whole restaurant was just perfect. I very much enjoyed our waiter.  He was very nice the whole time and didn't seem to be annoyed when I had asked a lot of questions about the menu.  He was also very kind in helping me pick out a wine, and also asked for what price range I was trying to stay in since he knew everything was expensive.  I felt like he was helping us look out for our wallets.  All the food was amazing.  I just fell in love with the Escargot appetizer.  It was beautifully prepared that you would forget you were eating snail.  All of the food was a good portion size for what you are paying for.  Everything had a tasty flavor and was just perfection.This place is a bit on the pricey side, but I would say that everyone should at least try it once in their life time.  Sharing it for a special occasion would be well worth it with great memories in a beautifully cozy restaurant.
5	Mmmmm . . . this place is so good.  I am just going to say right now,  it's expensive-  BUT if you are going for a date night or to celebrate- I think its worth it.  The ambience is great and the food is too.  I got the chicken and no lie, it was the best, juciest chicken I ever had.  Guys- treat your girl to this place and you won't regret it.
5	We went to the Fig Tree for a romantic date night dinner.  The ambiance was great.  The house is beautifully decorated and I love all the small little rooms. Everything we ordered was great, however the foie gras was simply the most amazing thing I have ever tasted.  Perfectly cooked, rich, melt in your mouth goodness!I live in Arizona and I have seriously considered going back to NC just to eat at the Fig Tree.
5	Omg, another one of our favorites!!! Put this on your must go to list because its completely worth every visit.
5	One of our favorite dinner restaurants in Charlotte. Great food, varied menu and excellent staff. Highly recommend it.
5	I had the pleasure of visiting The Fig Tree, nestled in the cozy Elizabeth neighborhood, with some friends in the evening this past year. Now, fine dining isn't typically my scene, but Fig Tree makes me take a second glance at the "use your salad fork" mantra. The inside is incredible intriguing. It's an old house off of 7th street with tons of history. The historic Lucas House that was originally built in 1913 and boy it shows. However, it has been kept in immaculate condition. Definitely go explore both the 1st and 2nd floor. Lots of cool things to see. The mini bar in the foyer is so rad. Only a few seat, one bartender, a small tv. Quaint and perfect. We sat inside since it was a bit chilly. There is some outside seating, which would be fantastic for a spring/summer dining experience. Apps: Apple Beggar's Purse was one of the most decadent and sought after dishes of the evening. Savory, sweet and addicting. The thyme butter sauce will make your taste buds deliriously happy. Escargots were fantastic. Best I've had to date. Tender, garlic-filled bites of once shell-inhabiting morsels. Worth the try if they'll be your first. Entrees: Lamb Chops were amazing. Cut was thick, flavor was smokey and rich. Cooked to perfection. Ok, so I'm not typically a filet kind of guy, but The Fig Tree made me shut my skeptical mouth. Veal demi glace? Are you kidding me? WHOA. Also, topped with amazing cheese and a mushroom mixture that was sining in the foreground of your pallet the entire time.Throughout the entire evening, service was professional, kind, witty, fun and helpful. Great staff. They hire and train well. These people know their stuff. The way it's supposed to be. My hat's off to you, Fig Tree. You've made fine dining a pleasant experience and I look forward to saving up enough money to come back and visit you once more!
5	One of the best dining experiences I've had in Charlotte in ages.  All 3 in our party got fish (3 different kinds), and all of it was fantastic.  Even the wine we had was amazing, and then we bought a bottle from them at a reasonable price, and not what the bottle price was going for in the menu.  One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
5	Everything from the moment you walk in the door screams "class".   You are treated like royalty during the entire visit.  The fish is particularly well done, as were the desserts.  Next time, I will be brave and try some of the more exotic dishes available here.
5	There is something exceedingly satisfying about having fine food prepared perfectly, and my dinner at Fig Tree satisfied existentially. To begin with, the service was unbelievable (quite possibly the best I've ever gotten). We went early and dragged our 15 month old along and they were able to accommodate us in a spot that didn't ruin anyone else's dining experience. The waiter was helpful and managed to convince us to order an appetizer special and the soup special (all of which were exceptional). The courses came out with perfect timing, were cooked perfectly, seasoned perfectly, and sauced perfectly. All of the flavors were balanced perfectly, and nothing got lost or overwhelmed in spice. They have just started offering a tasting menu (if you call ahead) apparently, so it looks like we'll have to hire a sitter...
3	Had a very nice mushro bisque with creme fraiche.  Bread was not particularly special nor was my dry aged new York strip which was 2-3 steps over cooked.  The fig tree has a slightly pretentious atmosphere given the modest surrounding area and facility.  I was expecting more but wasnt necessarily disappointed.
5	Intimate setting, attentive wait staff, delicious dishes.  This is a great place for a romantic dinner.
4	We were visiting Charlotte for a concert and were so happy that we stumbled across the fig tree. We were looking for a nice place to have dinner outside. Their cozy front porch was the perfect spot. The wine list, food and service were all outstanding and we will definitely return.
5	Awesome.  Had the Elk which was very good.  Recommend you ask for it rare as they prepare it a little on the "done side" in my opinion.  Service was outstanding and really liked the family style seating. ( If you are looking for a more private/intimate setting you might go elsewhere.)  The lamb is also quite good and the deserts are super.  A very welcoming and well managed restaurant!!  Felt like I ate in someone's home.  Very rare thing these days.
5	I love you. End of story.
3	Overpriced for what you get. I had the ostrich here sometime ago and was very dissatisfied.
5	Our experience at the Fig Tree was truly enjoyable. Visiting from out of town, we were happily surprised to stumble upon it. The atmosphere was homey, welcoming with a touch of Southern hospitality. We started out with a great bottle of Meritage and fresh bread with rosemary infused olive oil. We had a great pasta and an awesome filet mignon with yummy fingerling potatoes. We highly recommend this restaurant.
5	We come here every year for our anniversary. Its a pleasure! Excellent service. Spectacular food. Its very pricey but thats why we treat ourselves once a year. Try their French Press coffee- its the best!
2	Want to love this restaurant but can't. Have dined here several times and the last time was not memorable. The oysters were good but the elk was over cooked and tough. The service was perfect just not the food.  Even the side dishes with the meal was plain. They do make a great cup of coffee.
5	Love the atmosphere, the vibe, the excellent wine list; the martini, the hostess, the server, the chef, the entire experience!!!  We had a fantastic dining experience here on a recent business trip.  The service was wonderful; the presentation of the food spectacular, the taste DEVINE!  The pace between each course could not have been better.  I truly never understood the need to rush patrons out the door for a quick turnover of a table. I want to dine and I certainly don't feel I need to inform my server how to pace the meal.  Our server was spot on without being told!!!! Perfection on all counts.   I would fly back to Charlotte NC just to visit this restaurant.
5	This is the best restaurant we have found in Charlotte to date. Everyone raves about Bentley's on 27, but the food is better here and slightly less expensive. SLIGHTLY.However, the BEST seafood in Charlotte I have found here. Everything they do is AMAZING! Steak, elk, scallops: if I was a Fat Cat, I would dine here regularly.The service is a bit overzealous, but it's an upscale dining experience. However, if you tell them to leave off, they will leave you your crumbs.
4	Excellent service, romantic atmosphere (if you actually go with the right person)  as its a little nested lil cabin-like house. Everything is seasonal and fresh. The salmon was amazing. The dishes are good, but not so much with a unique twist for the price.
4	This is clearly a quality place with an excellent atmosphere, menu and wine list.  Love the cozy feeling of the historic house-turned restaurant.  The owners and staff are super friendly and I would definitely go back.So why not 5 stars?  I really wanted to, and I may re-rate after another experience if I'm really impressed, but my only hangup was that the menu didn't quite seem to fit the season (heavy risotto in the hot summer) and the food, while exceptional, didn't "wow" me.  To put that in context, I've been to most of the CLT restaurants and just starting to get my reviews posted, and I'll probably end up with maybe 5 places tops with 5 stars.  Same goes for the 1 stars.  I have a baseline and put them on a curve, and Fig Tree is probably the highest among the 4s.  Seem pretentious with my reviews and system?  Maybe, but with the high cost of these restaurants, I hold fine dining establishments at high standards.  If we go out and spend $150+ on a dinner for two, we should be impressed and expect a lot.  If we give places a free pass with inflated reviews and nothing but praise, only the customers suffer.  Help make CLT restaurants better by giving honest feedback and holding them accountable!
5	4.5 of 5 stars (excellent fine dining).What to wear: a jacket would be nice, maybe a tie (if it's a special occasion).What to take: a thirst for wine.  The Fig Tree has some awesome prices on more expensive bottles.  For example: Joseph PhelpsInsignia, 2006, Napa Valley cab.  Price?  $140.  Total Wine sells the same bottle for $150.If you have mobility problems, be sure to insist on being seated downstairs for there are some tables up.Want to give them 4.5 stars because they don't do the little extras as the best 5 star places (e.g., amuse-bouche, palette cleanser, etc.).In a lovingly refurbished older home.  Well-trained staff.  Simple, uncluttered menu with enough choices for all.About $60 per person, no dessert, no booze, gratuity not included.About my ratings:Only fine dining establishments can garner five stars.  Until yelp realizes that a fast food joint cannot possibly be ranked equally with a $100 per person place, I need to draw the line somewhere.  If we were only talking about the quality and presentation of the food, it would be a different story.  But, as we know, yelp's rankings take into account the entire dining experience.Therefore, I divide restaurants into three categories (and I wish yelp would do the same):1) fast food (no table service)2) casual dining (table service)3) fine dining (linen napkins, no plastic cups, no TV's in dining room, typically more expensive than casual dining)Fine dining can earn a max of five stars.  Casual dining can earn a max of four stars.  Fast food can earn a max of three stars.
5	Went here for our 11th Wedding Anniversary, and found the house to be very cozy and elegant. I thought I was underdressed in slacks and a Polo shirt until some guys showed up with Jeans by the bar area.Anyway, the food. Started off with a mixed cheese platter, which had a nice selection from Blue, aged sheep, Goat and cream with candied walnuts. Went very well with the nice rosemary bread they served.For appetizers, I had the soup special which was a dark meat roasted chicken and bean soup. Very earthy and flavorful. My wife had the simple garden salad, with spinach and shaved parmesan reggiano. My wife had the NY Strip special, with crab meat and a creamy horseradish. Cooked perfectly and tender. I had the Veal Chop, which was AWESOME! The quality of this meat was very top notch. I mean, when you can snarf down the FAT on a chop you KNOW IT'S GOOD! Melt in your mouth. I even exhibited heathen behavior by gnawing on the Veal Chop Bone....it was that good. Hey they didn't kick me out so there! :-)For dessert we had their famous beignets. They served a generous portion of 4 of these succulent pillows of flavor, coated with Madagascar Cinnamon sugar and some creme anglaise, and some coffee gelato. Very heavenly!Oh, and although I brought in a special bottle of wine from my personal cellar ($20 corkage fee), they do have an excellent wine list, and as others have noted, pretty reasonably priced for the most part. We started off with a Brut French Champagne which was only $7/glass. Not bad for a real FRENCH Champagne.Service was excellent, food was served hot, they were attentive without being annoying. So all in all, this is a top notch place!
5	The Fig Tree is one of those Elizabeth area homes-turned-restaurant, where a husband and wife wile away the days gracing Charlotte diners with an ambrosial experience fitted to their ever-changing whim. The house itself is a quaint cathedral: rich hardwoods and heavy ceiling beams lending geometry to moss-flat midnight green walls, all stationed heavy around the gorgeous gray-brick of the tall fireplace. White-shirted staffers gracefully maneuver between the tight-spaced long tables, aprons ascoff, delicate hands keeping bottles flowing, and candle and laughter all else left to fill the space. Not one accustomed to much fanciness, I relied on Xan and her upright properness to show me the way. Upon reception, our hostmistress - a diminutive, Mediterranean sprite, all done up in black against her olive skin and obsidian wave - checked our coats and handed us a number. I fought to keep my eyebrows from rising. We were profiled, the only ones yet there under the age of forty, and escorted to the far seats of a long table in the back of the second dining room. Given that guests must be seated together, I appreciated that our porter recognized we might not be the toothiest of patrons. Our first glass, a delightful Sauvignon Blanc, was poured well in advance of the first course. Though I knew to save it for the meal, I'm a nervous drinker. So I downed it post-haste. "Would it be uncouth to order additional drinks?" I asked Xan quietly across the white-linened table. Behind us, a server approached a table of well-dressed Sicilians carrying a tray filled with Martinis, Champagne flutes, and some fuzzy-red cocktails. "No, I think we're good," Xan quipped. I ordered a couple gins-n-tonic.A trio of thirty-ish dames were led in and ushered down in the seats next to us. One, a blazered judaical with tight pony and classy flair sat next to Xan. Beside her, a broad-nosed mousey blond. And to my right, a pale little midwesterner with jet-black bangs fronting her mushroom bob. I gave them each a clever wink. "Welcome to the kids table, ladies." The handsome Jewish woman, a litigator, puzzled my quip. She then momentarily glanced around the room, assessing, and then back to Xan and me. "We ARE at the kids table, aren't we?" she said. I nodded and grinned. The waiter returned with our gins - strong and crisp, as they should be. I snapped it back with a sigh and gestured a lifted toast toward Xan. She too presented.The first course was rolled out soon thereafter - North Atlantic Pan-Seared Striped Bass over King Crab Ravioli and Spicy Creole Sauce. My mouth watered at the sight, and then drooled overflowing at the first taste. My eyes glistened and I closed-mouth bobbed my head up and down in Xan's direction. "Mmm, hmmm." She agreed. Our trio of table-mates, too, enjoyed the course. And ours being long swilled, let us know that the Sauvignon Blanc served as fitting accompaniment. Our second course brought us Barlow's Merlot along with Poulet Rouge Chicken Confit over Kalamata Olive Polenta Cake with Smokey Tomato Sauce. It also brought me my second gin-n-tonic. My palate seared and sweltered, overcome by the onslaught of smoke and savor. "Too much," I slurred. "Just too much." Course 3 brought us a healthy glass of a rich Cabernet Sauvignon and a Red Wine Braised Short Rib over top Corona Bean Stew. Of the courses, we universally found this the least appealing. Though still delicious, the rib was neither tender nor tough, and the bean stew felt ordinary compared to what we'd already been offered. I asserted, though, that this may have been intentional. Like when a band plays a few hits in a row, then throws a couple obscure b-tracks at you, just to set you up for inevitable crowd-pleasing fan-favorite finale. Course four put us over the top: Barrouge (Barlow's table red) paired to a Roasted Duck Breast over Quinoa and Macadamia Nuts with Pomegranate-Port Gastrique. Giddy, nearly comatose, and teetering like jackal, I devoured the duck with no pause toward class or reason. It filled me like a balloon, full up and floating high with fatty, nutty goodness. That one really did it. "Wait," the mousey blonde interrupted. "Nothing so far has had bacon... why no bacon?" She was completely serious. I laughed, then considered. We all did. "Bacon might have made sense with the short rib," said the litigator, "but not the others." "But doesn't bacon go with everything?" asked the mushroom-bob. I shook my head. "Bacon's a cruel temptress," I offered, "sometimes perfect, sometimes overpowering... she should be enjoyed with cautious reserve." "You miss Hux, don't you?" Xan said. "I do. But, I'm truly glad it's you here and not her."Xan smiled.Dessert was a Carrot Cake lined with Cream Cheese and Grilled Pineapple. Though not quite a match for the fourth gin-n-tonic I paired with it, my system appreciated the unusual influx of sugar and carb.Before we left, I toasted our trio of new friends: "To the absence of bacon."
4	Took the girlfriend here for Valentine's day, and was not disappointed. Service was great, drinks were strong, food was pricey (but I expected that) but definitely up to my expectations. The atmosphere is pretty quiet, but feels a bit cramped, since the place is a home turned into a restaurant. I had a southwest trout dish, and she had the special, which was a steak topped with king crab meat, in a horseradish sauce. We both enjoyed the food quite a bit. All in all, I believe we'll be coming back here, whenever a fancy night out is needed.
5	One of the best dining experiences I've ever had! Our server Nicole made all the difference. Yes, the food and wine was amazing but Nicole's delivery and special touches (like suggesting an off menu dairy free dessert and pefectly timing the coffee and 'to go' boxes). Brava Nicole, you are a gem to a fine establishment!!!
5	I have dined at the Fig Tree with my wife on numerous occasions and have always been pleased with the quality of the food, the service, and the atmosphere. Whenever my wife and I can get a sitter the Fig Tree is where we prefer to dine. By far our favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
5	Loved it.  Sat outside on the porch.  Cheese tray had great variety, Caesar with calamari was wonderful (but hold the croutons), veal very flavorful and the accompanying potatoes had great flavor and texture.  We asked out waitress to pair our wine, and she did a super job.  Topped it off with strawberry tart....the basil cream was perfect.  Of course, my husband said he would only have one bite...yeah, right, more like he ate half!  Oh, and the French press decaf....the perfect ending.  Ok, it is our fav Charlotte restaurant for many reasons...flavors, service atmosphere.
5	Great food, awesome cheese plate. Service is over the top good.
5	A great restaurant needs to balance the three legged stool of Food, Atmosphere, and Service and The Fig Tree accomplishes all three. We've lived all over the US and have been to many outstanding restaurants, this is one of them. The food was excellent, the atmosphere very cozy, and the service excellent. I took my wife there for her birthday and it was romantic. And, unlike many restaurants in LA, New York, Paris where the tables are inches from each other, we had a very private table and could talk freely. Also reasonable price for the quality. Highly recommended.
4	My wife and I went to Fig Tree for our 10th year anniversary the food was superb as well as the service. We especially loved that it has a old house feel with plenty of charm. It 's was highly recommended by friends, and we really enjoyed the  experience .
4	Great restaurant. Good entrees and wine list, great desserts. Seasonal  menu is always changing but always good. Had the antelope and was blown away. Never had it before and didn't know what to think, staff let me try it, no worries. Would go again for special occasions, a little pricey.
4	I've been wanting to try this restaurant for a while and I'm glad I finally did! I went here with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday and the service and food was really good.  JD was our server and I was really appreciate of how attentive he was without being overbearing and how knowledgeable of the menu he was.We ordered the beef carpaccio and the house stuffed mozzerella for appetizers.  Both tasted so fresh and delicious.  The meals all come with a house salad (a nice touch!) but my boyfriend ordered the gazpacho soup instead for a couple extra dollars and let me tell you, it was totally worth it! Definitely the best gazpacho I've ever tried.Entrees that were ordered were the scallops, elk, veal and the dinner special.  Everything was really good.  After trying a bite of everyone's, I came to the conclusion that whoever is making the sauces in the kitchen really knows what they're doing because the sauce on everyone's dish was amazing!This is definitely a romantic, beautiful restaurant.  I will definitely be back on another special occasion!
5	Service, atmosphere and food excellent.Nicole was the best!We will be back!!
5	As a native Charlottean, I have no idea how I've never been to The Fig Tree. Now that I'm an "Elizabethan" I made it a priority to visit. I am impressed. The house is so interesting. I love the bar. The service was first class. The environment is intimate if you want it to be.  All the food was as described on the menu, good quality-lots of flavor. I will absolutely return to The Fig Tree.
4	Good service Jacob was our waiter and he was on point.Tough thick starter breadDidn't care for the garlic butter served with the bread.Salad was a good portion and the dressing was light and flavorful. The croutons on the other hand were hard rocks and unpleasant. The wine list is extensive and impressive. We started with the pic poul font-mars, was a tastefully light start.We ate outside and I didn't care for the dirty ceiling and ceiling fan. I kept worrying about the wind blowing the caked on dust off the fan and into my meal.My lamb was cooked more medium well as opposed to the medium rare I ordered. I had to have it sent back and new one cooked. The new one was amazing. Also the chef took care of us in the bill for that. To touch the point of service again, it was amazing.Erica they manager was a great manager and wonderful person to talk to about the meal. Dessert was the cheesecake and carrot cake. The cheesecake was light and more of a cream cheese taste.Random but even the way the towels were folded in the mens restroom impressed me.
5	My friend took me for my birthday and we both thoroughly enjoyed it. We started with the yellow fin tuna as an appetizer. I had the lamb chops and he had the veal. The lamp was seasoned and cooked perfectly. They serve it with an Israeli Couscous that is delicious and a great accompaniment to the lamb.  Everything was delicious!! And I highly recommend the Beignets for dessert! I felt like I had been temporarily transported to N'awlins!!!The restaurant is in an old house, which gives the place lots of charm and character. They also have a nice wine list and the staff are very friendly and attentive. This is one of the best places in Charlotte to celebrate a special occasion. The ambiance, the food and the service are all excellent. It's one of my favorite dinning experiences in town.
4	My wife and I celebrated our anniversary here, and were very impressed with the romantic ambiance, the food and the wine selection. The salmon was out of this world, and my wife really enjoyed her fillet. My only complaint was how close the tables were to one another -- we were a little too cozy with the couple next to us, and it dampened the intimacy a bit. Otherwise, one of the best places in Charlotte for a special night out!
4	We absolutely loved it!! Clean, fresh, flavorful food and great wine selection! Service was excellent also. Worth the price if used to quality not quantity!
5	I "like" a lot of places, but there are few that I love.  I am happy to say that The Fig Tree is one restaurant that I love!Yes, it's pricy, but worth it for a special occasion.  The food is superior to anything else I've had in Charlotte.  It's not gimmicky or trendy, it's straight forward delicious cuisine with a touch of flair!I did a blog post about my NYE meal which you can read here: http://theladyolive.com/2014/01/03/nye-at-the-fig-tree/It had been a couple of years since I was lucky enough to be wined and dined at The Fig Tree and I was so excited! The food and service are top notch.One of my favorite appetizers in the apple beggar's purse: flaky pastry filled with gorgonzola and served with apples.  My favorite sweet and salty combination.I've never had anything I didn't love.  The filet I ordered was cooked and seasoned absolutely perfectly.  The wine lists is huge! Definitely a good place to take your wino friends.
4	Great restaurant, especially for Charlotte!  The setting was lovely - classy and casual at the same time.  Service was attentive but not overwhelming.  The food was excellent - Apple Beggar's Purse made me want to lick the plate.  My husband had the lamb chops which were perfect.  I had cioppino - while this dish was nicely done, it was not to my taste,  having had cioppino in San Francisco for years, I have a definite opinion of what it should taste like, and this was not it.  The individual pieces of seafood were nice, but the dish was too spicy and the broth not thick enough (and there was no fish in it!!).Creme brulee was good, but I would have enjoyed it more without the butterscotch flavor.So many things on the menu I want to try, we are headed back this month.
2	1/25/2014 - our second visit was almost like a different restaurant, and not in a good way.  Sweet potato soup was excellent, Caesar salad was limp, warm and so underdressed we could almost not tell there was dressing on it.  Three of us had the elk - two were very good, the third had so much gristle in  it it was almost impossible to cut it, much less chew it.  The starch was good that came with it (like a garlic spaetzl), the cabbage and bacon was so unpleasant we all spit it out and would not eat it.  This would have been a good meal for $20.00, for $32 it was disappointing.  Lamb shank was nicely cooked, but bland to the point of tasteless.  My husband liked the pork chop and our 6th diner enjoyed his veal chop.  The bread was delicious.Desserts were beautifully prepared, but again, quite tasteless.  The cheesecake was old and stale.  I had ordered a cappuccino with schnaps for dessert, which just never arrived.  When I finally asked (after all desserts had been served), the waiter had completely forgotten, then said that the cappuccino machine was broken and he could get me a plain cup of coffee if I wanted (I did not).Really disappointed in the service.  Because we were a party of six, a 20% gratuity was added to the bill, so perhaps our waiter felt there was no special effort required.  The service was okay - I just expect great service for these prices.  I could not get my hot water refilled for my tea, he did not check to see how the meals were (or we would have mentioned the inedible elk chop).  His mannerisms were so...odd...that two of our diners thought he was making fun of them for their orders (he wasn't..at least I don't think he was).  We were unable to get separate checks, although he finally agreed to split the bill three ways (there were three couples).I doubt I will be back - $150 is too much to pay for this level of service/quality.  Back to Blue as my go-to fine dining experience.  Too bad.
5	Wonderful anniversary dinner! Very cozy & romantic..food was FABULOUS & service was great!
5	Finally, we're finding places in Charlotte we love. It's official- I love Fig Tree. It's very quaint (a cute house) and the service is top-notch. While they were very busy, it's organized as such where you don't feel you're in a crowded restaurant or too close to the other tables. Very intimate setting, little fireplace, lovely bar, beautiful stairway leading to the restrooms upstairs.Make a reservation- we did. We arrived early and were seated at promptly 8:45, our reservation time. Our server was very sweet and knowledgeable, explaining the menu and some of the signature dishes. The bread was divine and went perfectly with the escargot appetizer we ordered, accompanied with mushrooms and a gorgonzola/ garlic sauce. He encouraged us to dip our bread in the sauce, which we did- and oh boy. Heaven in your mouth.I ordered the ahi special (he said it was one of the finest cuts he had seen in a very, very long time) and it was also delicious. It came with a risotto and everything was cooked to perfection.I really love The Fig Tree and am excited to find such a charming spot in Charlotte.
4	We enjoyed this restaurant on my birthday - the old house it's in is beautiful and you'll sit in one of several private rooms (about four tables in each room).  The menu has some unique items and we tried the Elk Chop and Veal Chop.  It was my first Elk Chop and, as far as Elk goes, this is about as good as you're going to get.  It was perfectly charred and tender at medium rare.  I really enjoyed it, but after trying the Veal Chop, probably wouldn't order it the next time.  The bone-in Veal Chop was the best we've had!  Super tender and flavorful.All sides were a perfect compliment to the meat.  The "butter" they serve with their bread isn't butter...it's actually roasted and pressed garlic.  Incredible!!Try a great bottle of wine and save room for one of their delicate desserts.  The Fig Tree offers an elegant atmosphere, a friendly environment, and a delicious dining experience!
5	What a food experience!  "I feel bad for whoever didn't order the Elk" is what my wife said after her first few bites.  Overall, it was a great experience from the wait staff, the hostesses, the apps to the desserts --- I use my NJ/NY pallet experiences as a benchmark and this Charlotte dining experience is in my top #5!  Our dishes:Raw Oysters- different twist, but good (caveat - we're used to traditional cocktail sauce and fresh horseradish)Carpaccio- deliciously excellent!Octopus- very good; the addition of olives produced a higher salt content than I would have liked, but the various other textures made it very tasty and enjoyableElk Chop- ***** 5 STARS!! My first elk experience and it was fantastic.  The compilation of a flavors including a mustard glaze, marinated shredded cabbage, and horseradish infused gnocchi-esque creation was to die for... Seriously, last meal worthy!Beignets- These just put us in the euphoric state of "life's worth the stresses as long as we can afford to eat like this" mood ;)Sugar, fried dough, coffee ice cream over aBed of cinnamon and a lovely dipping sauce.  Topped it off with a French pressed coffee and 10-yr Tawny port.The End.To the Chef/Owner: Bravo!Pros- everything above plus a friendly server, Jennifer, that made it that much better.Cons- ......
4	Service was the shining star here. I had the feature which was New York strip topped with king crab and my handsome date had triggerfish w/ hen of the woods. We were both very pleased with our meals.....we ordered a blue label Johnny walker on the rocks after the black label that tasted more like the red. If your paying 36 bucks for one drink...a couple ounces of scotch. it should not be served with the same ice they use for the sweet tea or soda. They need to step up there game here with better filtered or spring water large ice cubes. The drink is almost ruined after 5mins with the small cubes. Other then that it's solid dinning experience.
5	Enjoyed The Fig Tree for valentines Day with 2 other couples. Food was very good, service was outstanding.  Server was very knowledgable about both food and wine. Atmosphere is quiet and cozy. Can't wait to return
5	Tonight is our 3rd year anniversary and the atmosphere was prefect for our occasion.  The food and service was awesome!  We ordered escargot and fois gras for appetizer, the fois gras was fantastic!  We ordered the elk chop and veal chop!  The veal chop was tender and the elk chop presentation could have been better!  This place is definitely a romantic place and very pricey!
5	We had a fantastic meal at The Fig Tree this past weekend. Nicole was our sever and she was extremely knowledgable about the menu and offered great suggestions in terms of wine pairing. She's been there for seven years and really knows her stuff. We started with warm bread which was served with whipped butter and a garlic spread. Word to wise- go easy on the garlic. It's potent. Then we shared the scallop appetizer and the foie gras- both were very good. I started with a Pinot Noir and she had a Pinot Gris. We loved the spinach salad with the quail egg and bacon and maple vinaigrette. We added the goat cheese, because you know, it's goat cheese. What shouldn't it be on? She had the filet- huge, super rare, awesome. I had the duck. Loved the duck, but wished for more sweet potato and fewer beans. I stuck with my Pinot and my wife ended up with a great Grenache which was the best of the evening and surprisingly inexpensive. For dessert we shared the flourless chocolate cake. Rich. Dark. Just right. In all, we had a great evening and will definitely return. Tip: sitting upstairs puts you close to the restaurant's only restroom. The down side? Steps. Lots of them.
5	The food, wine and service are top-notch.You cannot go wrong at The Fig Tree.  It is pricey, but one of those places where the service, food and wine list deserve it.  Great for a romantic evening or dinner with friends.  Or even a stop for a glass of wine on the way home.  Life is short, get the cheese plate...
5	Fantastic! The food and service are superior to most restaurants in the area. I also really loved the ambiance of the restaurant, smaller rooms, romantic and quaint to celebrate a special occasion. What also stood out is we had the table as long as we wanted it. This isn't a restaurant that double books so you can take your time & savor the experience. Finally, order the Beggar's Purse, it's outrageously good!
5	Sometimes you want a nicer meal. Fig Tree is one of my favorite choices in Charlotte. It is a beautiful old home. The service is impeccable. The food is delicious. It is cozy. Not pretentious. We love their cheese plate. The scallops are cooked perfectly. I highly recommend going here.
4	I really like The Fig Tree, I just don't loooove it. Food - My husband and I ordered an apple dish for an appetizer. He was reluctant but I figured it cannot be bad! It was actually good and refreshing to eat. Definitely a great starter before the main show. I ordered the scallop dish in a bed of beluga lentils. They did a great job with the temp of the seafood. It was perfect for me (I do not like them undercooked). I find the lentils very interesting and it complemented the dish. My husband had the lamb and he really loved it.Price - Definitely a pricey place, but you get your money's worth for a $$$ restaurant. Place - Very cozy decor, home feel, but nice restaurant setting. In some areas, I feel it is a little too small or cramped (especially upstairs).  I saw people parked next door where it said do not park..Special - The waiter and staff was kind to personalize your birthday or anniversary on the dessert plate. It makes the occasion/dinner special! Service - Our waiter was nice and attentive. It did take awhile to get our check though.. But ah well. Although our experience at The Fig Tree was good. That's one checked off on places to go have dinner dates in Charlotte. I was just not blown away with the place and venue. I tend to prefer the more modern, upscale restaurant for that price. If you are more of a comfy and homey feel, this place is for you.
4	First off let me say our waiter , Ty was a HUGE help with our dinner and wine pairings. We started off with the asparagus wrapped in bruschetta and  and some type of bread. Almost taste like a croissant and was excellent!!! The came the main dishes. My wife had the scallops and I ordered the elk chop. The scallops were very very good but not paired all that well with the lentils. Actually I'm just not a huge fan of lentils. The elk was cooked perfectly and and came with a wonderful horseradish sauce. The cooked red cabbage was a first for me and it was one of the best things about dinner. Fantastic!!! Well we finished off the evening with the Beignets dessert. It was amazing!! Who doesn't love cinnamon and ice cream served on what closely resembles a funnel cake. All this was paired with a grenache wine which was on the cheap end of bottles at this place but was very good. That have a $5000 bottle of Bordeaux there!! In fact if it wasn't for the price I would have gave it 5 stars. I think all in all its a little pricey for what your eating but it was great food with great service so maybe you pay a little more.
5	Great for a special occasion! Amazing wine list and deliciously crafted plates!! Must make a reservation and sitting on the patio is lovely. Restaurant is in a house-turned-restaurant, so it has a fancy but homey feel. I definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting Charlotte!
4	We went to Fig Tree for our anniversary. They did a wonderful job of making it special and pacing the meal so you can enjoy it thoroughly. We were impressed when our appetizer arrived and we were not quite ready to order our entree... The waitress took our menus out of the way so we could enjoy it and then brought them back when we were through. We sat outside on the porch which I highly recommend. It was a very warm day but cooled off (not a ton of sun) by about 7pm. If you plan to arrive by 6 on a week night it will be empty (we were literally the first people there). It gets busier later which adds to the ambience. The feel is quaint and romantic. Our waitress recommended the scallops which my husband ordered and I wish I had, too. I never order scallops and always worry they won't be filling but there were 7 medium sized scallops and they were delicious. The salad was wonderful, too fantastic dressing) and I highly recommend adding the goat cheese. I was pleased with my trout as well. Their wine list is extensive with bottles ranging from $30-$2000. We thoroughly enjoyed our bottle of Walt Blue Jay Pinot Noir.I would give it 5 stars if the feel was a little more up to date (it was a little outdated IMO) but overall our experience was very enjoyable and I would definitely go back.
4	Great dining experience. I can see this place, with its outdoor patio seating, being a  very romantic dining spot. I however was with 4 other coworkers and had a great dinner. The octopus and cheese appetizer platters were delicious with a local NC cheese being featured. They did have an extensive wine selection - we ended up with a Pinot Noir (not my choice) to pair our main courses. The soup of the day was cauliflower and blue cheese, which was very yummy to the last drop. I ordered the lamb chops and it ended up being the only reason I gave this place 4 out of 5 stars. It was over cooked!The wait staff was excellent. Definitely a place to hit in Charlotte. Make sure to bring a date though ;)
5	Went back for my birthday, and it's still one of my favorite Charlotte restaurants--the food is just wonderful. And get this--I got a thank you/happy birthday card from our waiter, which was a supremely classy move. The pork chop, which was mew and kind of a take on sweet and sour pork, was...there aren't words. Super crispy, flavorful sauce, generous portion. Ugh, it put my fish special, which was terrific, to shame. And the beignets for dessert? Shut up. The whole thing was fab, including our Oregon Pinot Noir.
5	Excellent special occasion restaurant. Everything we had was tasty and the service was excellent.  Will definitely be back.
5	Not sure where to begin with this restaurant because everything about it was exceptional. The service, the ambiance and especially the food was five star quality. This is a special occasion restaurant for sure and you will not be disappointed when you dine here. My wife and I came here for our anniversary. We had the scallops to start and they were delicious. Even the garden salad was top notch. I highly recommend the veal chops, with shrimp and potatoes. The set up for this meal was perfect. My wife had the swordfish which was the special for the night and she thought it was divine. This is a beautiful restaurant in Charlotte and a must dine for anyone looking for a wonderful night out
3	Though certainly not bad this place seems highly over rated. Scallops were mediocre at best, & the formal atmosphere in small cramped quarters doesn't appeal to my relaxation mode. Service was good.  Not on my "must return" list.
3	Ehhh. It is overrated and over priced. I've had much better. Very cramped space. One plus is tag background music wasn't blaring so you could actually talk to the people you are eating with. I had the chicken dish. It was good, nothing spectacular. My husband had the veal chops, medium rare, they were ok.
5	My boyfriend and I are from Rhode Island and we were in Charlotte for 4 days.  We wanted to go out to a nice restaurant while we were here and we found the Fig Tree restaurant.  Not only was the food amazing but the service was outstanding.  We had the filet mignon and the grouper with lobster tail and both dishes were incredible and full of a variety of flavors.  We've never had such an incredible meal.  Rich was our server and he was amazing, he was polite ,knowledgeable about the menu and extremely attentive, and he had a great personality to top it off.  Dustin was the server assistant on that night ,and he was also exceptional , he was on top of water and bread service, and you could tell he was doing everything he could to help Rich. We highly recommend dining at the Fig Tree!
3	We were excited to grab some grub from fig tree, but were somewhat disappointed after the meal and seeing the ambiance for ourselves. The restaurant in a house idea seemed cute at first but the decor was dated (intentional perhaps) and the crowd seemed stiff. The food was good, but not the good you expect at that price point. Overall I think this place is suited for an older crowd, and wasn't cutting edge in its menu or plating. This place plays it safe, and while good, I probably won't return due to the price. The Negronis the bartender made were very good.
5	Got the Elk Chop!  Never had that or seem it on the menu!  The food was great, the wine list is massive!  If you don't go your are stupid!
5	Fantastic food!! The service was great and personable, and the restaurant has a cool ambiance.  It is expensive, but well worth the money. I would definitely recommend this to people.
4	Cute place with good food. We had the foie gras & escargots to start, which were delicious. Then we had the lamb tenderloin, ny strip, grouper, & veal chop. Finished it up with red velvet cake. Everything was delicious & the service was awesome. Great place for a special occasion.
5	I couldn't think of one reason to not go back again.  We don't live in Charlotte and love trying new restaurants but we are definitely going back to this one on our next trip. I had the grouper with lobster, their signature dish. It was served on a bed of risotto and peas. The lobster was cooked perfectly and not just doused in the yummy buttery sauce. The roasted garlic puree that came with the bread was delicious as well. The house salad had a beautiful presentation and a simple herb vinaigrette.  Our waiter Devon made the experience even richer, as if that was possible.  He knew everything about every dish and the wines they served. He had professional yet affable demeanor. It showed that the restaurant really puts a lot of hard work in the food they serve and the staff they keep. Strongly recommend this place.
5	When you want something special, this is the spot.  The atmosphere could not be cooler but then again, I am a sucker for an old house.  The bar is super cool and the upstairs rooms so special.  The food and service is 5-star.  It is pricey but you know it will be worth it.  A home run all around!
5	Fig Tree is set up in beautiful home setting and we got place near fire place on request. I read about all great reviews online and reserved special time for our second anniversary. It was working day and we both got late for our reservation so we called to check if they can postpone our reservation.Staff was very friendly and they said just be here when you can! They set the mood right :) And from the moment we went there experience was wonderful. Every bite was so tasteful and unqiue flavours made our day even more special and amazing and they decorated our dessert with beautiful anniversary wishes. Would love to go back! Thanks eveyrone at Fig Tree for great time!
5	This restaurant is absolutely amazing!! Both the food and the ambience were A++. Immediately after we left I told my husband this was where I wanted to go for our next special occasion. I had lamb chops which were amazing. I tried the dishes the other three people in our party ordered and they were amazing as well! LOVE IT!! Sooo excited to go back!
4	I SO badly wanted to give five stars to this review -- however I had to deduct one due to all but TWO dishes (out of about 8) being average.I came here Saturday night with my husband and another couple.  We started with a few appetizers -- Escargot, Scallops & Foie Gras.  Everything was amazing.  All the flavors were so well balanced, the dishes were flavorful and we were very pleased.  The Scallops were cooked PERFECTLY and I know that's not an easy ingredient to perfect.  For entrees we ordered the Grouper & Lobster, Elk Chop, Veal Chop and Truffle Ricotta Ravioli.  The Grouper & Lobster was AMAZING.  It was served over a Saffron Risotto which was delicious and the fish was cooked perfectly.  The lobster had a delicious flavor to it but you could also taste its inherently sweet flavor.  However it was definitely a small portion of fish and lobster for the price of $42.  The Elk Chop was disappointing.  The sides that it was served with didn't complement the dish well and also the meat was very dry.  My husband sent it back and ordered Scallops instead which were good, but not great.  At $37 for 6 scallops, it should be great.  I didn't get to try the Veal Chop but it looked amazing and my friend had rave reviews.  The Truffle Ricotta Ravioli was a BIT on the salty side -- but delicious none-the-less.  For dessert there were so many delicious things so we ordered three items -- Peanut Butter Pie, 5 Layer Red Velvet Cake and Beignets.  I thought the Beignets were the BEST.  They were freshly fried and served with a delicious cinnamon creme and also accompanied by a scoop of coffee gelato.  The sweet beignets with a bite of the coffee gelato was to die for.  The Peanut Butter Pie was good as well, I loved that it was served with a caramel peanut brittle.  The Red Velvet Cake was good too -- more chocolatey than red velvet though, which is a good thing to me.I would definitely return if we come back to Charlotte!
5	Great date night restaurant. I loved coming here and experiencing the full spectrum of their menu: wine, appetizers, meal and dessert. The atmosphere, service, and food all deserve 5 stars. If you are looking for nice restaurant to have dinner or special place to celebrate, make a reservation @ Fig Tree.
5	I was in Charlotte this Monday December 1st on business and we were brought here by the guests.  Everything was splendid; from the food to the excellent customer service.  I has the Lamb dish was well prepared, generous helping, and beyond SUPERB!  The bartender(kind of a bald guy) was such a gentleman!!  The waiters and hostesses went above and beyond with service.  Will return again on my next visit.
5	Can't think of one thing to complain about at our amazing dinner at the Fig Tree last night.  We were celebrating my birthday, and from start to finish, they made it so special!First and foremost, the bottles of wine are so reasonably priced, which was a nice surprise.We started with escargot.  Delicious, and very rich in a gorgonzola cream sauce.  It was just enough.  Be sure to get extra bread for that sauce!We then had our salads.  Both good, nothing to write home about, but solid.I then had the grouper with lobster tail over saffron risotto. It was unbelievable.  Extremely rich but oh so amazing.  The perfect birthday dinner.  My husband had filet mignon, and the meat was so tender you could cut it with a fork.  Both entrees were five star, for sure.We capped off our meal with the biegnets.  We subbed out the coffee gelato for buttermilk gelato and my god, they were unbelievable.  I would go back just for dessert!All in all, service, food, and ambiance were outstanding.  We WILL be back for sure!
5	A cheese plate featuring 100% water buffalo cheese, elk chops, and the cayenne pepper triple chocolate cheese made for one of the best and most unique Charlotte meals I have ever had. My only criticism, however minor, is the music: "It's Beginning to Look a lot like Christmas" and "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer" played on a loop can get absolutely maddening through the course of a one hour dinner service. That should not deter you though as The Fig Tree is now in my Charlotte Top 3.
