5	With sushi bars rapidly turning into the new century's version of the grubby Chinese takeaway, it's refreshing to find one that  doesn't adhere to the now standardised menu and compulsary minimalist decor. Oishii is a bit grubby, with a fairly small menu, but is hands down the tastiest Jaspanese meal I've had in as long as I can remember.While it's annoyingly pretentious to harp on about how "authentic" Asian eateries are, it's something we all do as 9 times out of 10 it relates directly to quality. This is so far the only Japanese joint I've came across in the city that has that feel, with proper raw fish on the sushi rather than the Westernised versions that other restaurants roll out for the squeamish. Our sashimi plate wasn't especially massive for 9 bangers, but it was utterly delicious, and there's something wonderfully primeval about greedily guzzling down a wriggly ocean-dweller.My beef yakisoba was however, utterly, utterly tremendous, and E-Bot will testify to that since she nicked a good amount of it from my plate. It was nothing fancy, just tasty, well cooked, and incredibly addictive grub. Our bean paste pancake to finish was perhaps a step too far in Japanese oddness, but still well worth nibbling at. The service was quick and friendly, and while the bill did a bit more damage than you'd expect from a fairly basic restaurant, it was worth every penny. Best of all, while we were moderately stuffed, we didn't have that bloated, sick feeling that Asian cooking often results in. Tremendous, and somewhere that simply must be visited.
5	I was in a real sushi mood the other day and passed Oishii when I was walking along Rose Street, peering in the window I could see that it was very small inside and was choc-a-block - has to be a good sign, right? We popped in for some dinner and I took ages looking at the menu deciding what to get, everything looked great and they had one of the best selections of sushi I've ever seen, including seabass, sea bream and scallop sushi.  I opted for some tuna and crab sushi rolls, seabass Nigiri and a selection of raw fish which was delicious and made me feel healthy as I've been eating so much junk food of late. To finish I opted for the red bean pancakes and although not the pancakes I had expected, it was tasty and I wolfed it down in one gulp.The waitress was very attentive and friendly and the restaurant has a nice, cosy atmosphere - I will definitely be back.
2	The definition of two stars on Yelp is "Meh. I've experience better."That pretty much sums up the time I recently spent at Oishii - it was just one of those dining experiences where things didnt quite meet up to expectaions. Oishii promised so much, but it only ever teased you - never feeling as though it ever really took off.The place was jam packed full of people, which I took to be a good sign - but really it just meant that we wated ages for service and when we did get served, the staff were helpful and friendly, but it wasnt the brilliant hospitality I was expectiing. The food was tasty and fresh, but lacked any real depth or originality.Overall, a bit of a dissapoiuntment - but I DID have anice night. Maybe I was just in a bad mood.
3	Went for lunch the other day and was generally pleased with the experience.  I decided on the set lunch which came with 4 or 5 pieces of nigiri sushi, a few pieces each of tuna roll and cucumber roll, and miso soup.  The sushi was far better than I was expecting (I tend to set my expectations pretty low) and I was totally full by the end of the meal.  It didn't seem like the best place to go if you're looking for some exciting and interesting sushi rolls, though.  That selection seemed pretty basic and I'm disappointed (and slightly disturbed) to inform that mayonnaise seemed to be a regular ingredient in the rolls.  I'll surely be back to try out the rest of the menu.  A particularly tasty selection of mixed tempura just might sway me to bump up the rating another star.  For now though, it's just right of center.
4	Lunchtime is apparently the busy time at Oishii - 9pm on a November Tuesday found myself and my companion the only sit-in customers in the authentic-leaning interior though a number of takeaway customers came and went. No matter. The service was swift and courteous, the menu wide-ranging and well priced and the food very well made and tasty (I personally particularly enjoyed the unagi cone). The house white was a well chosen South African. One to return to.
2	Saturday afternoon, coming to the end of the lunchtime rush. I was pointed to a window seat as I was on my own and given a menu. Then I waited. And waited. And waited. I dallied with the idea that if I turned round to face the sushi chef, that I would have more of a chance of my order being taken, but given that that would be rather rude, I turned back again to face the window, but in a perky and expectant way. Don't ask me to repeat this, as it was hard enough the first time. Finally my order was taken. I went for the set lunch menu of nigiri, maki and miso with a green tea. I was craving miso on such a wintery day and figured that the rest of the meal would work, even if it did involve cucumber rolls, which to me is always a copout in sushi (it's a personal thing - it just doesn't have any flavour to me). I did throw in some spicy tuna rolls as well as I was hungry and figured on skipping the cucumber rolls. For the first time in any Japanese restaurant, I was given one cup of tea, no pot. Given that I never saw the waitress again til I got the bill, I ended up being rather thirsty (note this is a tiny restaurant).First up was the spicy tuna rolls. It smelled rather strongly but tasted ok. Spicy, but not a huge amount of flavour. I did like the texture of the rice though. Next up was the chef's selection of nigiri which involved two pieces of squid - I'll put my hands up right now and say I didn't eat it. Tried it once, nearly choked, never again. I'm a safe sushi eater (tuna, salmon, eel and fish roe), and I am ok with that. Saying that, I thought it was a nice touch to include all varieties of fish in the selection so that the more adventurous get something with more bite. There was also some less than fresh looking tuna (I get it, it isn't native to here so going to be defrosted, but it looked really sad to me), salmon and egg. The cucumber rolls were overpoweringly doused in wasabi. The salmon rolls were ok, but not a lot of flavour. You might wonder where my miso description went to, but it goes in last as that is when it turned up - after I reminded the waitress. Definitely, US miso is more salty as I experienced the same watery miso I had in other restaurants in town. I'll take that as noted. Finally, when I did get the bill, the waitress wasted no time in trying to take it away from me - even while I was still trying to get the cash out. Tip? Hell no. Would I be back, most likely not - there are better sushi joints in town. Prices are cheap, but you definitely get what you pay for and with raw fish, I would rather pay higher and make sure the fish doesn't try to return to the sea anytime soon.
5	I had theTeriyaki Chicken for 8 pounds. It is the best meal I had since I came to Scotland. I rarely write reviews while I am traveling but for the price and how tasty this food is, and a couple of subpur reviews I decided I had to stand up for this amazing place. It is small and I did go back for fried Noodles with beef which was good not great. and I do need to do some editing to this review when I get a chance but this place is great even if it is a bid small.
4	Oishii is one of growing number of Sushi restaurants in Edinburgh, but does a good job of standing out from the crown.I am massive sushi fan and i'm fairly confident that I have worked my way round almost all of the sushi joints in town, but there is something really special about this one before you even start to eat.  Its very small and intimate, tastefully decorated and doesn't feel gimmicky - I would go as far as to say it feels quite authentic.  While the kitchen is though the back, the sushi chef (and I guess owner as he has been there since it opened and is incredibly passionate about what he does) stands though the front and prepares the sushi to order in front of the customers.There are a handful of stools around the counter to sit, or at the window if you fancy people watching on rose street plus a few proper tables if there is a group of you.  I would always recommend booking ahead though, as it really only seats about 20.The actual food is great too.  I won't be going as far as to say its the best in Edinburgh, but its certainly 4 star worthy.  Importantly though, its very reasonably priced and you are hard pushed to find better value.  The menu is not massive, but that's a good thing as its common for sushi places to offer way too many combination.  This shows me that they know what works best, and that's what they want you to try.  I was particularly impressed with their spicy tuna had rolls, and the flavour and texture of the tuna is unlike most other places and when I complimented this, I was offered a detailed explanation this was, again giving an insight to the passion of the chef and the attention to detail that he puts into the food.If you are a Sushi fan, I highly recommend giving it a try.
3	Most of what I ate at Oishii was OK, however one dish ruined everything. The soup.I LOVE pepper. I used to think it was the Grandfather of all condiments. I still think that, but I used to think it too. The soup I ate at Oishii was just too damn much though. The pepper dominated everything that day. So I've decided pepper will dominate my review today.'We peppered into the pepper on a peppery pepper day. It was pretty pepper inside so it wasn't hard to get a pepper. Unfortunately, we were peppered right next to some peppered peppers peppering pepperedly. Pepper!I peppered the pepper and Sally peppered the pepper pepper. All I could pepper was pepper! The peppers were pepper but could totally have peppered some pepper. If this was pepper, how do you pepper the pepper! I peppered it down with some Dr. Pepper, a pepper pepper considering my choice of pepper. I will definitely give pepper another pepper, but not until my pepper buds have peppered back to their pepper pepper. I really want to pepper this pepper!'
5	Good Japanese food I think. Service-not too sure yet. Will need to try again.Definitely going back once main tourist season is over again.
4	Ate here last night and thoughly enjoyed our night out. Armed with a groupon voucher we headed off to grab some sushi. I had not been here before but was open minded on arrival after reading the yelp reviews. We were greeted by a very friendly waitor on arrival who gave us a choice of seats. First impressions of the decor were good its a very well presented place and they have made the most of the space they have.  They have a couple of nice Japanese lagers on the menu that were very resonably priced. I didnt check the Saki selection, but many people around us were sampling this and seemed to be enjoying it. We went for an array of veg sushi as my dinner companion was vegan. The fish sushi selection looked very nice, as did the dishes going out. The food was great and presentation was just right for me. Throughout the meal the waitor was very attentive and helpful even though the place was full. The chef even popped out a couple of times for a natter with customers which I though was really quite cool. When we got the bill we relised just how inexpensive the place is even before the discount. I will definately be back great service/food, nice atmosphere for a date/chat and inexpensive.
3	Being from Seattle I am a bit of a sushi snob I will admit it,but having tried numerous shops in Edinburgh I will say this is the best one. Food was a bit pricy but this city isn't known for its sushi so I was ok with paying the prices. Staff was friendly though and the sushi chef was a kind old man. He expertly served the sushi and sashimi like a samurai. I will have to come back and try this place again . If you want sushi quickly though don't go here as this establishment is a relaxing environment and to enjoy your food properly , one should take their time.
1	Very very disappointing !I was on the hunt for a good ramen and no respectable Japanese would eat this stuff.Noodle - same quality of pot noodles - not fresh and over cookedVeg - had same quantity of bean sprouts as noodlesBroth - ordered what I thought would be a pork broth but turned out to be miso based, very blendPork - not very flavoursome and seemed to have been roasted in the over, cut and put into the brothSeaweed - too sweet and no taste of saltiness - very poor qualityEgg - overcooked and not pickled as one would expect in a decent ramenResponse from waitress was "we make do with what we find"  - I could make a better attempt to ramen myself at home.Complete fail !
3	Below average standard of sushi and yakitori. The tempura was heavy. That said, service was friendly.
