4	A quick and easy hike up for some great views of Edinburgh. There were a number of families with small children taking the walk up, so you should be embarrassed if you don't make it to the top!
5	A climb up Arthur's Seat rewards with some of the most spectacular views of the city of Edinburgh to be had. If you don't want to climb to the top however, you can feed the swans at the pond, or go partway up a quite steep path to the ruined chapel. Or take a walk round Duddinston Loch to the South, made famous by Raeburn's painting of the Rev. Walker skating there. It is very pleasing to the eye - the loch not the Rev.Well worth taking the extra time to explore if you've come to visit the Parliament building.
3	Firstly when someone told me about Arthurs Seat, I was thinking 'What is that?' and after actually been taken there, I realised it was a great big hill and right at the top was the seat. Then I was told we are going to walk it. And I was like, 'What?!' So, we started walking up the hill following the path as we went. We did have a couple of stops for breaks as for it was a hot day and quite tiring too. But as we walked we got a compliment from an American women telling us, we could make it, and if she could do it, then we can do. That did actually make me feel better because I really was at the point of not bothering to go up. But, yes, finally we made it and what a sight it was. You could see everything from a distance and it felt like a bit achievement once you're up there. And also, to treasure the moment, we definitely needed a snap shot of us to keep this moment as a good memory to look back on.
5	The top of Arthur's Seat must be the busiest place in Edinburgh. Anyone who makes it to the top will be rewarded with one of the best views in the world. Take the easy way up, go up the Radical Road and start your ascent from Dunsapie Loch.
5	If Heather with the Weather tells you the sun is out in Edinburgh, you are likely to round up all your friends, some cider/beer, some munch and head up Arthurs Seat. Us students love an excuse to get up here, it is superbly trendy amongst us. I even hear of people heading up here after nights out, I have never done this because I live on the other side of town and the only thing I want to do after a night out is collapse into bed, but each to their own. Yes there is a bit of a walk to reach the top but it is so worth it. The views are beautiful and reach for miles (on a sunny day). If your mad enough to go up when it is not sunny, then well your just mad. I love the fact that Arthurs Seat is right in the middle of the city, it adds another unique touch to Edinburgh.Great picnic spot in the summer.
4	Arthurs Seat is probably one of the main attractions of the city. It is not often you see a great big bloody hill in the middle of a city, but Edinburgh is no normal city after all.  there are two parts to Arthurs Seat, The Crags and Arthurs Seat. Don't make the same mistake I did and climb The Crags thinking it was Arthurs Seat. Imagine my surprise. It's a nightmare climb yes, but hey it's only 20minutes of your life and trust me, it's worth it when you get up there. Ok, so it's a bit soul destroying when you are huffing and puffing up while spritely old men are jogging up past you...twice...but when you're there it's amazing. I used to go up all the time with my dad and our dog, it's a bonding experience and the dog is quiet for the rest of the day. However, I made the mistake once during a spur-of-the-moment trip up to the top wearing my new Ugg Boots. Bye bye ugg boots.in the summer it's a great place to toddle up to with your pals, bring a picnic, and in winter it has spectacular views. It's the best place to be during the fireworks, and is a really special place to take in the New Year with that someone special. It is a nightmare to get to the top, but it's simply dreamy when you're there (....see what I did there?)
5	If there is one thing that will take your breath away its climbing up Arthur's Seat... No, I'm just kidding, its the views!Yes, it may seem torturous and you will end up a bit sweaty, but I assure you - as soon as you get to the top and you look across the city of Edinburgh, all will be forgiven. The view is magnificent, and as one reviewer already pointed out - its free.It's really not that difficult to get up here, so forget the crampons - but a good pair of shoes is a good idea, because while there are stairs carved into the hill, it can still get steep.
5	It dominates the Edinburgh skyline, it looks dramatic as hell to climb and it used to be a volcano - need you have any other excuses for climbing Arthur's Seat?Iconic amongst students and people who have lived in the city all their lives, you can't miss it. It watches over Princes St like a sleeping lion and can be seen like a beacon all around the city if you ever get lost. It's a comforting scene when you look towards the sky and see that, in fact, ytou're not miles away from civilisation - Arthur's Seat is right there!It's a rites of passage - if you visit Edinburgh over a significant period of time or if you stay there, you have to go up. It's worth making the time and the effort to climb up it. I've got to say, I don't even find the ascent that bad, and even if you do it's well worth it for the view you are treated to at the top. A panoramic view of the whole city, from Leith to the tiny streets below, it's wonderful.My aunt used to take picnics up here during the day, and it does make a lovely venue for such outings. If you're careful and go in a large group, the night time view is also very rewarding. Nothing more romantic than seeing a glittering city below your feet.A great escape just off the high street if you're looking to get a bit above the hustle and bustle of the busy centre below.
5	Edinburgh is a city that deserves to be seen from an aerial position, and Arthur's Seat is the perfect venue for such a venture. A small initial warning though, do not climb this hill if you've been out the night before, had just a few hours sleep, and you're insanely dehydrated. I bounded up Arthu'rs Seat feeling very smug at the speed I was managing to climb the hill, then very quickly felt remorseful about my unwise physical exertion when I got to the top, when my legs felt like jelly caught in an earthquake.On a sunny day, the peak is packed and very popular with walkers, but it's a really worthwhile thing to go and see on a clear day, because you can just sit and survey the city, and appreciate how fortunate you are to live in Edinburgh. Well that's how I feel when I look at the view anyway. Get yourself to Holyrood Park, have a peek round there, then give Arthur's Seat a go.
5	You could go to the top of the Eiffel Tower, get the lift to the top of the Empire State building, but heck, they have nothing on the satisfaction you get after a hike up Arthur's Seat and see the gorgeous panoramic views of Edinburgh, the best anywhere in the city. Have I hyped it up too much? Maybe. But it's awesome and although it's pretty steep and you need to be kitted out with a Regatta fleece and some sturdy hill walking boots it's actually quite a nice walk.The views and stunning and in summer time it's the perfect spot for a picnic. Beautiful.
5	As a student in Edinburgh climbing Arthur's Seat in Fresher's Week is more important than your matriculation!  Not only is the hike up to the top steep and challenging, but it gives you a valuable opportunity to bond with and suss out the people you're going to be living with.  Moroever, once at the top you get an amazing view of the whole city and, once you're accustomed to where everything is, you can spend an hour just sitting at the top pointing things out.  I came here after my exams with some friends and it was great fun (and hard work) getting to the top and then working out how to get back down.  The Crags is a big brown cliff across from Arthur's Seat and so is worth doing at the same time.  They both give offer a challenging and fun day out with mates, best left for a nice, sunny day.
4	Somehow, I managed to dare myself into climbing Arthur's Seat. I don't know what hit me. One minute, I'm sitting by the pools at the Parliament building, the next minute, I'm huffing and puffing my way up a mountainside.You don't need to be in tip-top physical shape (i.e., I am very not) but it is a heck of a climb. You'll want to be wearing decent sneakers or hiking boots. Not flip-flops. Some of the spots are a little steep and the lack of friction on your flat-bottom shoes will cause you to land on your behind. The first hundred feet - the steep bit - are the hardest. Once you get past that, the rest is a relatively gentle climb.Once you get up there, the views are unparalleled. It's awesome. I took at least 200 fantastic pictures of the city from up there. You can see everything! Plenty of places to take a brief rest and picnic. Lots of opportunities for photos.Definitely worth the effort. I'm glad I did it. I hope you'll do the same!One note: stick to the traveled path. I saw at least two future Darwin Award winners free-climbing some of the rocks.
5	Arthur's Seat is one of those landmarks you simply have to visit (and one I simply had to review) - whether you want to climb all the way up to the top or not.  In all seriousness, it is a long climb, but once you reach the top the whole climb should fade into insignificance as you appreciate the view you will have earnt.For those looking to minimise the amount of effort required and lucky enough to have a car or bicycle I recommend heading round to the car park at the back of Holyrood Park near Duddlingston Loch.  From here it is fairly steep, but is the quickest and most easily navigable route to the top.  In no time at all you'll either by lying on the floor exhausted or perched at the top gazing down at the glorious surrounding countryside.  From here you are able to look at Edinburgh from several perspectives and at some points you'll hardly believe you're not miles from civilisation.  The main thing to remember is your bearings as it can be easy to wander round and round in circles struggling to reorientate yourself so do stay aware of your location and surroundings.
5	This ancient volcano dominates the centre of Edinburgh, in a very unassuming way. No matter where you are in the centre, turn 360 and you'll be struck by a giant piece of Scottish, rugged landscape smack-bang in the middle of the houses, offices, Queen's palace and University. For anyone new to Edinburgh it still comes as a shock even the fifth or sixth time you turn around and there it is.It is, in essence, a large dead volcano (I almost wrote dormant, don't want to worry anyone!) There are several different ways you can climb and descend, some trickier than others. The views from the top are magnificent and make the trek worth it.I've only climbed it once, and it took me 25 years. I think I felt it was too "touristy" and I was too "local" to do it. Don't make my mistake. WIth an afternoon to kill, and feeling fairly energetic, off we set. If you stop off at the run-down Hermitage it gives you a chance to appreciate how high you have already climbed. It took a good 30 minutes to get to the top, and some parts are steep. I run 5 times a week, and I was huffing. Then another 20 minutes to descend, and a further 30 minutes to walk along another ridge. I think we were walking for 3 hours in total.The descent is slightly worse than the ascent, as it can be slippy. Don't wear flip flops! (I saw some tourists had...)Take a picnic, take a camera, take a waterproof (the Scottish weather is very unpredictable!) It's not another "tourist" spot that is less exciting than the guide book makes it out to be. It's a taste of the Scottish highlands and a good bit of urban adventuring, right on Edinburgh's door step.Make sure you have somewhere close, and tasty, lined up for lunch or dinner after - you'll need it!
4	Who would build a city on a volcano?  The answer is simple:  The Scots.  The national capital is built on a little chain of volcanic plugs that bear ample testimony to the violence of the area's geological history.The legacy is a city that offers commanding views to all who are willing to climb.  Some plugs, like Castle Rock, have been developed while others, like Arthur's Seat, stand proud as islands of wild country entirely surrounded by the urban sea of businesses, universities and housing estates.The one surprising thing is that, although most students will make a point of ascending Arthur's Seat at least once during their sojourn in the city, many natives never set foot on the grassy slopes.
5	Arthur's Seat is one of the must-dos in the wonderful city of Edinburgh. There are numerous different options for hikes and walks from the crags, to the lochs to the peak of Arthur's seat itself. While it is more physically challenging to go to the top, there are several different ways to reach the peak, all of varying degrees of difficulty.  I tend to lean towards going up the steeper steps (facing Pollock Halls) because it takes the least amount of time to reach the top (I am not in top physical shape and it takes me about 20-25 minutes!). While I definitely recommend ascending during the day, especially clear days for a spectacular panorama of the city, one of the most amazing times I hiked around Salisbury Crags was actually at night in about 2 feet of snow. I don't recommend this to anyone who is not properly equipped with proper footwear and warm clothing. I had spikes to put on my hiking boots, a nice warm coat and wind-proof trousers.  The city of Edinburgh looks stunning at night under a blanket of snow and it's great exercise climbing up the steep crags starting from the Holyrood Park side.In any event, I highly recommend any sort of walk whether physical or leisurely around Salisbury Crags, Holyrood Park and Arthur's Seat during any visit to Edinburgh!
5	if you like to climb up big hills its your ideal place to go. there are small lakes for you to feed the ducks and swans. lots of people like to run round there its not my thing but seems to be popular. great for walking the dog and a good short cut in the car to the other side of town. has a great carnival in the summer too.
5	Provides a great view of the city and a wonderful landmark on the Edinburgh skyline.
5	More effort than anything else than I did in Edinburgh but well worth it! The views are beautiful and its not THAT difficult to climb up--I was wearing flats the whole time!
5	Gorgeous. The best thing so far about Edinburgh. can't believe it used to be a volcano! Loads of joggers making their way up, down, around. Superb views.
5	This is the first thing I visited when I got to Edinburgh, and was super happy. Absolutely worth visiting.  It's very close to the center of town. Only 250 meters tall, and you get beautiful views of the entire area. Bravo.
5	I see most of the reviews are for walking / climbing and picnicking on a sunny day but most of my experiences have been at night or more recently, sledging. I can't remember the last time I had so much fun that my face hurt from laughing and smiling. Being tossed about on a sledge in the snow was brilliant fun and a good work-out to boot. I recommend taking a hip flask of whisky with you to keep the cockles warm.Its also a great spot to watch the fireworks during the festival on a warm night with a picnic.One last thing, my Gran swears she saw little men dance around a fire in Hunter's Bog (the valley in the middle) in 1944 and Ive been up at night looking for them but never found them. Coincidentally, small coffins were found buried in the same area by some school children with lifelike dolls inside them. No one knows who put them there or why but you can view them at the National Museum on Chambers St
5	I have a fear of falling, but it was worth the climb to see the city and surrounding area.  Good workout for average person.  Cute bunnies and you meet lots of locals and other world travelers looking for a good hike.  Bring a jacket in the Spring, can be chilly/windy/little rainy up there.
5	Fantastic views. Fresh air!Tip - you don't necessarily have to go up the trail that's laid out for you. For a faster and more vigorous hike, just go up...
5	Whichever way round you go, it's always up.Even after 18 months of living in Edinburgh, I still can't quite believe my eyes when I turn a corner on the Meadows and see Arthur's Seat standing there. Hello, I'm a giant extinct volcano on your doorstep.Feeling adventurous? Climb straight up. There are several different ways up, and down, some a little trickier than others. Throw in the crags too and it's a good 3 hour walk. Just Arthur itself and it's 1.5 hours up and down.Want to explore a wee bit? There's the run-down hermit castle near Holyrood Park. There's the pond right up the back with the swans and ducks.Feeling fit? There's something wonderful about running around (note, I said around not UP) Arthur's Seat early morning and amidst the isolation passing another runner, both giving each other the red-faced slightly grimacing smile of solidarity. We're both doing this, oh yeah. Because whichever way you go, clockwise or anticlockwise, a good portion of it is uphill. For runners, I'd say clockwise is a bit harder as there's a much longer, continuous hill. I hate hills. Anticlockwise has a really steep hill and then a much more gradual slow hill equidistance apart. Just a wee aside.And then there's the gorgeous smell of the gorse (coconut or biscuit?) and all sorts of other wildlife. Baby bunnies. Lots of random dogs (not really wildlife but hey).No matter what the weather or day, if you are close enough and look over to Arthur you'll see teeny little figures on the very top. I climbed it on Christmas Day one year, in the snow. It just has that appeal.My favourite part is when going clockwise around, and on the straight section facing the Pentlands, as you go up a wee hill and there isn't much view ahead apart from more Arthur rock, there's a wee gap and all you can see in that gap is Edinburgh Castle. Magnificent.The best view OF Arthur's Seat is probably from Blackford Hill but that's a different review. I don't know how anyone could give it less than 5 stars (the grass was a little patchy? Aye right). It's an ancient, proud extinct volcano a stone's throw from the city centre. What a wonderful city we live in.
4	Fairly steep but wonderful views and great scenery on the hillsides.
5	I genuinely can't believe anyone gave this less than 5*s What on EARTH do you want more than a FRICKIN MOUNTAIN looking SHENANIGAN in the middle of EDINBURGH. How can it be anything other than what it is??!?!?!?!! It's ROCK. ITS BRILLIANTHere are some of the things I like about it.1) IT EXISTS2) You can WALK and RUN up and around it3) You can CYCLE around it - it's pretty much dead on 5k around on the road and there is a great loch-loch hill climb challenge - recommended if you're training for anything in particular.4) IT"S MADE OF ROCK - everyone knows that the rock producing, earth, Planeteer from captain planet was the best. He would LOVE Arthurs Seat5) THERE IS WILDLIFE. I saw a FLIPPIN' FALCON or some thing up there once and there are always RABBITS bounding about and not giving one single s*** about whether or not you're there.6) HOLY CRAP ITs JUST AWESOMEI feel that I am getting overexcited. If you didn't give Arthurs Seat 5* you're mad. It's like reviewing the moon and saying "3* - not enough cheese and it took ages to train to be an astronaut, and then to become a multi-millionaire because I had to fund my own trip because NASA cancelled the apollo program"  THE MOON IS MADE OF ROCK AND IS OF EQUAL AMAZINGNESS TO ARTHURS SEAT.FLIPPIN SWANS - need I say more. (There are no swans on the moon)
5	Yes - I'm the girl who gives Arthur's Seat a 5-star rating without actually walking up it, and I make no apologies for that fact.  Have you seen how tall it is?  It take more than an hour and a half just to walk up it and, seeing that I was on vacation and not in the mood for an strentuous activity other than lifting my fork up and down and walking the city, I passed.  Still we wanted to at least see the gorgeousness of it up close, so we walked to the park and snapped a bunch of pictures and watch people as they climbed - looking like tiny ants the farther up they went.The mountain definitely sits like a throne to a deity, high above Edinburgh, looking down on all the inhabitants. Green and lush, it's quintessential Scotland and truly, truly awe inspiring.  Seeing it in the distance is cool, but being right up underneath it is when the enormity of the all hits you.  A must-visit if you are in Edinburgh!
5	My hike to Arthur's Seat was one of the highlights of my visit to Edinburgh. Holyrood Park is not just a park, but a really serious set of hiking trails smack dab in the middle of a regional capital! We saw some great crags that just made me want to knock over a sports supply store, buy all the mountaineering gear, and go rock climbing. And the views of the city were just stunning throughout. There are many ways to get to Arthur's Seat depending on which side you choose to enter from. However, I suggest just using your intuition to just hike upwards until you get there. We had no map at all and managed it. We were warned that it was a little muddy and gloopy, but it didn't really affect us until the walk down, where we basically had to skip down the trail on semi-slippery rocks in a newly formed stream going down the mountain.I really enjoyed this and it makes me excited for my eventual return to Scotland to take advantage of the rolling countryside and also visit as many scotch distilleries as I can stomach.
5	Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful.   Rolling green near the top with one final push to the rocky summit.  Amazing view all around.  The grassy bit is incredibly comfortable.  Bring a book, some working, drag it up there and spend an hour at or so.  It's like an ideal park you have to work your ass off to get to.  I thought I might die at least three times... but I made it, if I can then you can.  There was a bit of a fly problem at the top, but I didn't notice it nearly as much once I was off the main summit.
4	Hike or Bike up... highRain, Sun... Best City Offer Don't leave, without... sad
5	Easily our favorite Edinburgh attraction.  Wear comfortable shoes and bring water.  It is a HIKE!  The path going up the front of the plug has the best views, but the path to get their is a bit challenging.  If you go around the back side, the path is mostly paved.
5	My favourite training ground. 10k from house and back always gives me a buzz!!! Simply has to be a regular part of my weeks workout, just because it is hard but well worth the climb for fantastic views no matter what the weather.
5	An absolute must if you're visiting Edinburgh!! At approximately a 25 minute hike up from Holyrood Park at the bottom, once you're at the top of Arthur's seat the sight is truly breathtaking. Panoramic views of the whole city and the sea. Rather romantic, I must add. Despite the name however, there is not a seat as a reward for the hike (I was certainly under the impression there may have been initially) so just nestle yourself into the rocks facing out toward the sea.I've climbed Arthur's seat twice now during my visit to the fringe in August 2011 and 2012- last year we were lucky enough to experience a fiddler and a guitarist just playing away at the top. My advice- bring up a bottle of red or a couple of beers (not too much!) with some pals and soak up the atmosphere, but do wrap up as it can be a little breezy! DO go, but DON'T go in the rain...it's a slippery slope.
5	I usually love my fellow Yelpers.  But at 7 AM on 11/27/12, I was cussing every Arthur's Seat Yelper for convincing me to climb it.  Yes, 7 AM!  It was still dark!  I was giving my husband heck too, for dragging me out of bed at 6 AM to get ready for the climb.  We ate breakfast, climbed into a taxi to be dropped off at the foot of the trail, while it was still dark!I am soooo not fit for this.  When we reached about half way, and that I started to feel good about myself for making it that far, down came a dozen or so human mountain goats... err I mean, joggers.  OMG they were dancing down the slope like nothing.  That means, they had went UP the mountain via the other more steep side and already on the way down when I am just half way up, and dying.  Talk about putting me in my place.... We finally made it on top and taking in the view.  While chewing my shortbread cookie (my reward for the climb) I am glad I did the climb, which I knew I would.... I just like to whine.And I do love my fellow Yelpers... no hate mails please....
5	I can't believe I've not reviewed Arthur's Seat until now! The first time I came to Scotland when I was 13, I noticed a castle-ey ruin in Holyrood Park.  It stuck with me and I *had* to explore that area and the rest of the park.With the park comes Arthur's Seat.  The first time I walked it, I managed to choose the most verticle route, in the rain, with my mother who literally spent the entire time cursing.  It was good times.When I moved Scotland about 10 years later, I was fortunate enough to live just outside Holyrood park and spent a lot of my time discovering new ways to climb the seat.  That's almost the coolest part about it - you can go around it, up via the Salsbury Crags, up a number of routes via the valley, up the far side, any way you please just about.  All through the climb and of course when you get to the top, you're greeted with the most amazing views of the city.  In my opinion it's a must visit for everyone who comes to Edinburgh - even in poorer weather, it doesn't disappoint.
5	This has got to be my favourite place in Edinburgh! Edinburgh is my kind of city. A combination of lots of pretty buildings and then this amazing hilly, rocky green thing in the middle of the city. It makes Edinburgh's skyline look even better.I've walked Arthurs Seat, run it (kind of), climbed it and cycled around it. When there's been snow I've sledged down it. I'd recommend a proper sledge though and not the black bin bag and pizza box I used!! I have seen people sledging down it on inflatable couches so you can get inventive. There's so many different paths up it that you'll never get bored and often I like to walk up just a bit of it and then sit and look over the city for its amazing views. Love it :)
5	Still awesome. Still a reminder of how majestic a city Edinburgh is and how lucky I feel to have been one of the city's residents for almost 20 years...saying that, I can't remember the last time I hauled my currently exercise-lacking ass up its inclining slope, so really this review is a reminder to myself - see more of what's naturally amazing in your city and don't take it for granted. Plus, this really is both a scenic and challenging way to up your fitness...last time I attempted to scale the hill at high speed I had to lie down at the top for quite some time. Just as well it was sunny and I could pass off my exhaustion as a spot of sunbathing...
4	I'm still out of breath. There isn't much to say that hasn't already been said. Seeing the old ruins of St. Anthony's chapel over the swan-filled St. Margaret's Loch was a real treat. And of course, the views from the top are incredible. Looking out over the gorgeous city of Edinburgh on a rare sunny day is priceless.Now the actually walk up is pretty difficult. I'm not incredibly athletic, and so it took me a bit longer than I would have liked to get to the top of Arthur's Seat. There are some mildly treacherous stretches, especially nearing the top. However, I had a harder time getting down, since I started slipping and flailing around on the rocky parts. With a bit of concentration, nothing is too bad. Just tiring.It's really all worth it for the spectacular views and the good workout. Just don't expect to do too much right after you've climbed. I had unknowingly worked up quite an appetite, so I went to Holyrood Palace (which is adjacent to the park) and got some filling grub from the cafe. Overall, it was a lovely way to spend a morning in Edinburgh.
5	Lovely walk with fantastic Edinburgh views. Take a hike around Holyrood PArk, See the lochs and old monestary ruins and enjoy the fantastic view accross the city!
5	No PAIN - No GAINSo, today I forced my non existing abs to conquer this large seat of Arthur and boy was it something...,Needless to say the scenery was outstanding, the view of Edinburgh was breathtaking and I'm not sure if it's my healthy lungs speaking, but the air at the top was a delight to breathe in!As any real man would do, I ran up the steep path with the aim of reaching the top in  25 minutes. THIS DID NOT HAPPEN! It took me 42 minutes and I had to stop 4 times on the way to stay alive. However I am still proud of my achievement and I definitely recommend everyone to give this a try, especially in the mornings when there aren't as many people around.Overall, Arthur is more of a man than me..  All hail the Mighty Arthur!
5	It's not every day you can climb an ANCIENT VOLCANO that's fabled to be where CAMELOT once stood! One can reach the top in about an hour and if you're from Florida you feel pretty good conquering this "mountain" and by "mountain" I mean hill (822 ft), but in Florida terms anything over sea-level is a mountain to us!Exploring Arthur's Seat was the epic crowning point after visiting one of the greatest cities of my life. It was nice to get away from the majestic stone architecture and see the lush beauty Scotland possessed. The closer we approached the hill the colder the weather became. I was only wearing my thin sweater under my pea coat and didn't bring along a scarf or hat (This was May after all.) My ears were killing me from the cold wind and we hadn't even started climbing yet! To solve my ear problem I simply took off my sweater and wrapped around my head like a scarf.  I'm sure I looked like a total dork, but at least my ears weren't stinging so painfully. We took a few photographs and I was resolute, " I going to conquer that damn mountain."The views became more stunning the higher we climbed. It was surreal how neon green the grass was in Scotland and the abundant yellow flowers on the hills complemented the grass perfectly. When we came upon this lake filled with swans, I couldn't believe it!  I've never seen swans in real life except for at the zoo, it was so amazing seeing them in nature! I was so grateful God had given me this opportunity to see this much beauty and to do something as cool as climb Arthur's Seat.  We have been learning about King Arthur in our British Studies class and we thought it would be funny to go back and brag to our classmates, "----Yeah, we climbed up Arthur's Seat last weekend.. but you know."Near the end I moved at a pretty slow pace, however, I was resolute to get to the top. It was also a nice incentive because I knew my ears wouldn't hurt so bad when we left.  Once we finally arrived at the summit I was slightly disappointed.  I guess I was expecting "Arthur's Seat" to actually look like a throne---or a seat---or something.... instead it was a bunch of concrete blocks on top of each other.  That was it?  It was terribly anticlimactic. The summit was also so windy  I couldn't really enjoy it until I climbed down a little bit and found a spot out of the direction of the wind. The view of the land below was *dazzling.* As we were climbing down I saw all these patches of soft green grass which some couples used it to their advantage to have some quality romantic time. The climb back down was much faster than expected but we all needed to give our body some nourishment--- so we went to Chocolate Soup! The delicious hot chocolate and soup was a royal treat and warmed our souls and my poor ears :)
5	This is a MUST DO in Edinburgh. My friends and I took a hike up to this dormant volcano. I believe there are 3-4 different ways to get up there. We took the steepest way up (furtherest trail to the right) to get to the peak (where the while pillar is). We spent literally hours taking photos there - the view was breathtaking. When getting to the top, I did something I haven't done in a while. I just sat. I took a deep breath. And I listened. It is so easy to get carried away in your normal day to day life - this is the perfect place to just get away and see the beauty of Edinburgh from above. This was the one of the most peaceful spots I have been to in all of Europe and I've traveled to 7 countries so far.A tip: When you get up to the peak (the white pillar) it is VERY touristy, meaning a lot of people will end up being in the background of your photos!Please do the hike, you won't regret it!
4	Such a cool place to go hike and escape from the city. Just right out of the city if you live nearby and your active then most likely you come here. Its quite beautiful to walk along the base of the hill and admire the cliffs and the stone . Arthurs Seat ( Not King Arthurs seat , as I was informed today ;) rookie mistake on my part) was formed by a system of extinct volcanos. The summit and surrounding areas were the sight of old iron-age hill-forts. There is a lot of history here and it is worth checking it out and reading about it. There are many different routes you can travel to get to the summit. Some are quite steep others a gradual climb for the less adventurous. Also a wonderful place to jog or run at. There are surrounding hills and areas you can jog around and enjoy the scenery. There is also a number of small ponds you could go have a picnic near and or take the kids to. A wonderful place I think and I will be visiting more often especially to go jogging. photographers will also love this place as you can see all over the scottish country side. The only reason I dont give it a 5 star is that it usually quite busy.But if you are visiting scotland or you live here I highly recommend heading over to view the scenery and breath in some of that fresh scottish air!
5	You might ask yourself, is there an easy way that I can kill myself while I'm in Scotland? Well look no further folks, because this 822 foot hill has everything you'd want if you're a bit out of shape: slightly steep inclines, sharp dropoffs, the occasional false hill where you can go off track and curse at yourself and others in your party as you head back down to get on the right path.*It's easily approached from Holyrood House. We started a bit late in the day, so the chill and wind had picked up by the time we reached the summit. It was totally, completely worth it. I looked out at the North Sea, at Edinburgh below, at my awesome wife and wonderful friends who had encouraged my fat ass to keep moving up the hill, and I experienced what I can honestly say is one of the happiest moments of my life. Just climb the damn thing and enjoy that view.One small disclaimer: As I understood it from our B&B owner, "Arthur's Seat" is so named because of one of the most honest historical legends I've ever heard: People started calling it that one day, and it stuck. No connection to any made-up famous historical people, and believe me, after a week in the UK you can start to find that refreshing. So don't expect any major historical or archaeological features up there. You won't need them anyway.* For the record, it's easy to tell which one is Arthur's Seat. It's the tallest one, with the people who look impossibly small from where you are at the base.
5	Definitely a must-see of Edinburgh.Perhaps I psyched myself out before the climb, but it really is not a bad journey up the hill. Once you reach the top (and even during the hike), there are the most beautiful panoramic views of Edinburgh and its surroundings. Simply breathtaking! I will say be careful on the journey down, and there are reasons behind the signs telling you not to climb on certain areas. Naturally, we found this out the hard way (on accident!) after trying to traverse down the side of Arthurs Seat and slipping repeatedly in the mud. Still loved every minute of it!
5	a lovely little hill that you can see from all around edinburgh city, yes it's not that big but it's still quite a climb! love this place for a brisk walk in the cold! and great views once you're up there.
2	2014: my year with Arthur.I'll be climbing Arthur's Seat every month through 2014, definitely, no room for failure. Never mind that I made the same resolution in 2013 and only managed it the once. Fear not for this time I'm telling people about it - let me know if you fancy joining me.So, January. It was getting dark before I started the ascent, cold and damp under foot - par for the course. Not much activity on the way up, but once at the top a constant flow of folk coming and going. No one was staying too long, just enough to enjoy leaning into the strong wind. I hope future trips will be more pleasant with a reasonable chance of a sunset or two to come - that'll get the star rating up a bit.
5	First off, this place is NOT a casual walk. It doesn't look like it'd be too bad but it's actually a pretty athletic walk. I think out of all the times I've gone up Arthur's Seat there were only one or two times I didn't have to stop to catch my breath. I also hadn't been working out so that could also be why...But regardless, the view at the top is worth it. It's pretty windy so layer up but there's nothing quite like taking in the view of Edinburgh from the top of Arthur's Seat.Also, can we just talk about how cool Edinburgh is? The city itself should get five stars for being sandwiched between a mofo-ing CASTLE and an extinct VOLCANO.
5	I've never seen another city that has an immaculately preserved mountain right smack dab in the middle of the action.  An absolutely amazing view, well worth the climb.  If you are visiting Edinburgh, then this is a must.
5	I had a great time hiking up Arthur's Seat. I was really lucky to have hit a sunny morning after two days of miserable cloud and rainy days.The hike itself isn't too bad, could be challenging if you don't take breaks since it does get pretty steep. I'm a casual runner (usually run 5k) and i was sweating and huffing and puffing by the time I got to the peak. I think it took me about 30 mins to get to the top? This included some detour time where i got a bit lost trying to find my way up. Try to stay on the trail if you don't want to get confused like i did :PIn terms of difficulty the hike is pretty easy. I hiked up in my chucks and didn't have too much difficulty. I would recommend you wear a proper athletic shoes though, going down could be a little slippery and chucks didn't provide me enough cushion against the rocks.The view from above is so worth it. I took hundreds of pictures throughout the hike and they were all breath taking. You basically get an unobstructed 360 degrees view of Edinburgh. Highly recommended.
5	This was a tougher hike than I expected but not THAT difficult.  We took the train up from London the night before and stayed in a bed and breakfast in Leith.  Someone had suggested we check out Arthur's Seat while we were in Edinburgh, so we left the B&B, determined to find our way on foot.  Little did we know that we were over 4 miles away, so it turned into a little bit of an adventure.  We eventually got ourselves headed in the right direction, and once we got to the top, we scarcely got a few good pictures before the rain started pouring down on us.  We almost killed ourselves trying to get back down (how was this harder than hiking up???), and by the time we got to the bottom, we were completely drenched.  It was AMAZING and so worth it though.  The view of Edinburgh from the top of Arthur's Seat is one of the most incredible ones I have ever seen.  If you're here, you HAVE to go.  Just make sure to have the proper gear for the weather and the terrain!
5	I'm from Texas, ya'll. The plains of Dallas-Fort Worth to be exact. And we have NOTHING in Dallas that comes CLOSE to how awestruck I felt when I clambered up to the peak of Arthur's Seat. Located near the Holyrood Palace and about a 20 min walk from Edinburgh Castle (The walk down is easy, all downhill), this is a beautiful expanse of green land stretching as far as the eye can see. And when you get to the many, many, many peaks: you are rewarded with a view of Edinburgh, silent and still, hanging quietly in the distance and in that moment, you're standing alone in a giant heaven of land and contemplate to yourself WHY WHY DO I HAVE TO LIVE IN DALLAS AND NOT SCOTLAND????*ahem*You can't miss coming to hike up here. A bit difficult, not for the feeble or handicapped. Prepared to get muddy due to the frequent rains of Scotland. I wore rainboots and was okay hiking-wise. The trail is pretty obvious but can be muddy or slippery. Lots of people running and playing with their dogs. I'm pretty sure my prissy little chow chow would fall off a cliff out here. If you're crazy like my aunt and myself and want to walk from your hotel in New Town, I suggest leaving right after lunch to ensure you are back before dark.
5	It was kind of a hike to the top of Arthur's Seat, so wear proper shoes (not Converse like I did). We got lucky and had a nice sunny afternoon, which made for gorgeous panoramic views of Edinburgh. The view from the top also gives you a great vantage point for pictures of Holyroodhouse and Edinburgh Castle. The hike back down is much easier, and there's often an ice cream truck at the bottom with which to replenish lost energy. Arthur's Seat is a must if you visit Edinburgh.
5	Huh?! I have no review for Arthur's Seat? Let me rectify that now. A walkers' delight, come rain nor shine you can be assured of a challenge (besides slipping on wet stones). The rewards for climbing this landmark are plentiful: a cardiovascular workout, personal satisfaction and on a good day a brilliant view of Edinburgh and beyond. Take a picnic with you and you'll have the best alfresco meal for sure. (Or you can take a 'Buckie' and veg out.Be aware that it is a windy place on top. Also if you don't fancy walking up the hill you can have a pleasant walk around it. It is a beautiful area. A must when you are visiting Edinburgh
5	Definitely 5/5 stars. BEAUTIFUL view once you make it to the top (but if you don't get that far, there are plenty of good lookouts on the trail up to the peak). On a clear day you can get a 360 degree view of Edinburgh, Old Town, New Town, Leith, the ocean, etc. from the summit.The hike is a little tougher than expected, but absolutely worth it. One of my favorite, if not my favorite thing to do in Edinburgh. Views on a clear day are spectacular, but even if you manage to make it to the top on a cloudy (dreich) day, the view is still amazing. And it's free. And it's exercise. And it's fun.
5	For those willing to make the challenging hike to the top of Arthur's seat, you will be rewarded with a stunning 360 degree view of Edinburgh and it's surrounding environs.Dress in layers as the hike is sure to get your heart rate up.  Being able to shed a layer or two will keep you dry so you're not overly cold when you're resting and taking in the view from the summit.  Also, a sturdy pair of shoes or sneakers will make the hike more enjoyable.We hiked to the top in early May and the blooming, vibrant yellow gorse bushes made for excellent pictures.  The coconut scent of gorse flowers hung low in the air due to the moist air and is something I'll remember about our wonderful climb.After the hike, we visited the Palace at Holyrood House, which I'd also highly recommend.Find a good pub for a hearty meal and a pint afterwards.
5	The view is amazing and worth the hike. But bring lots of water! Especially on the hot summer days. If your slow like me it will take you about 2 - 3 hours, depending on how many water breaks you take. also when you start go left, much easier climb. I took the right side, much much harder. I wish there was a sign at the bottom that would let me know which way is harder. But worth it!
5	Hiking Arthur's Seat was such a fun and crazy experience. We were hoping to get up before sunrise, hike to the top, and watch the sunrise over the city, but the weather did not really agree with us! It was raining the whole time, but we didn't care because it was just so beautiful. We made it up there, but it was completely foggy so you could not see anything - but still a very memorable experience. We heard from many Edinburgh locals that this is the best place to get a view of the city, so if you are able to go on a clear day, I'm sure it will be beautiful! The hike itself isn't too strenuous, especially in the beginning. However, some of the trail is not too wide on the edge of a cliff, which was not scary for me (probably because it was foggy and I could not see the bottom) but it might be for some. I'm very glad I had this experience.
5	After spending a week in chain-smoking, sarcastic, snooty London, I spent a lovely day in Edinburgh. I bookmarked Arthur's Seat prior to leaving Hawaii and I was determine to squeeze this hike in. Arthur's Seat is a short distance away from the Royal Mile. It is a peaceful, fun and an easy walk/hike. The path is paved and wide to accomodate a lot of hikers (and there are a lot). As you work your way up the path, there is a slight detour where you can take photos by an old ruin that used to be St. Anthony's chapel. From there you follow the main path and can see a body of water, crags and a view of Edinburgh and the sea. Beautiful sights to behold all the way up, especially if the weather is breezy and sunny like it was when I went. The last leg of the hike has railing and cobblestone. You know you're nearly at the top when you reach this point. As you work your way up, you'll have to climb some rocks. Incentive: It's a 360 degree view of Edinburgh at the top.  When in Edinburgh, add this 45-60 minute hike (casual walking pace) to your itinerary. It's relaxing, it's not too difficult and it's a nice escape from the city.
