4	We saw TJ Miller for their opening night.  I give it 4 stars for two reasons, the place was a bit on the warm side (I was not drinking either) and the host was not very funny or relating much with the audience.  Aside from that, the place is great. We didn't order any food, but they have many food and beverage options and NO TWO ITEM LIMIT! My husband ordered two Coronas at $9 a pop. Seemed a bit steep to me, but hey, it's part of the fun of going out, spending money. =P The seating was fantastic. I have been to comedy clubs who pack people in like sardines and I did not get that here. Big plus!Parking is ample in the parking garage and it is situated in a shopping center. I also saw signs of a Toby Keith restaurant opening up soon practically next door. The employees we interacted with were very friendly. Would definitely go back for more shows =) Would only hope they crank up the AC so I wouldn't have to use thier menu as a fan =P
5	Had a great time at the opening of Rick Bronson's House of Comedy on 9/11. First, the place is gorgeous, it fits in perfectly with the upscale atmosphere you'll find on High Street in City North, making it the perfect addition to a date night or GNO. The bar area is beautifully lit and the bartender was extremely friendly and jovial - just what you'd expect from a bar in a comedy club. The interior is also gorgeous, it's dark and has nice lighting, including several large flatscreens behind the stage. The show was hilarious, Rick Bronson who was there for the opening did a great job of warming up the crowd, and we were literally crying we were laughing so hard when Tony Gaud and Harland Williams took the stage. My only criticism would be the table service - we ordered the hummus flatbread which was just sort of uninspired. It was a flatbread with some hummus, a few sprinkles of goat cheese and slices of radishes. The prices were about what you'd expect for this type of entertainment in this neighborhood, but we were a little surprised at the $17 drinks (double jack and cokes). Other than that we had an amazing time It and we definitely feel forgiving of any hiccups since it was opening night. I highly recommend trying it out, we will be back!
4	Great new edition to the comedy clubs in Phoenix.  The food was good. The club was nicely decorated.  I was disappointed that they did not have any beer on tap. I will definitely visit again.
5	Great new place on the comedy scene. No local comics performed, unusual but refreshing. Very nicely decorated, very friendly staff and pretty good food. They had a magician going around the tables before the show started, a good way to get the crowd warmed up. I'll be back.
5	Had some friends in from Chicago that I've known all my life. Took a chance on the new comedy club in Desert Ridge. WOW!  This place was fabulous from the time we had a drink and were entertained by a magician all the way through to the end. The headline comedians are not always someone you may know, but, we had a tremendous night and Ian Bagg is one of the funniest and creative minds since Robin Williams. I will be back in a week or two, this is a new jewel for the Phoenix comedy club scene.
1	This place sucks. Rude Aggressive owner, Insult comedy, Go there if you like being treated like crap and offended.  Zero stars would be more accurate.
5	OMG. We spent New Year's Eve here last and it was the best decision we have made for celebrating.  The place was great, the acts were amazing, and the owner was the best host. We will be back.
1	Should be called House of Idiots. Terrible Venue & incompetent staff. We were here New years eve for the 7:00 show.When we walked in, there was no one there to greet us. The tickets said no reserved seating, so we were not sure if we were to seat ourselves. We walked inside and the only help we saw were bringing drinks to tables. We we walked back into the lobby we finally saw some employees taking tickets and seating people. The whole thing looked so unorganized I was waiting for the clowns to appear. The place is extremely cramped. I know that a place like this wants to maximize the seating capacity, but this was ridiculous. Since this was a brand new place, they should have done some better planning. The tickets said that the doors open at 6:30, but when we got there at 6:15 the place was already half full. Had we know that we would have arrived sooner to get a better table.We ordered two beers from a server who looked about 18 years old who brought us the beers with no glasses. When I asked for the glasses, he said he would bring them when he came back. He then proceeded to take the orders from about 4 other tables. After about 15 minutes, we were still waiting so I got up and walked out to the lobby where the bar was, and the bar was completely dark with no one working there. Finally an employee saw me looking around and asked me if she could help me, and I told her our server never brought us any glasses. She then went behind the bar and got the glasses. Even after I went back to the table we didn't see our server for another half hour and he didn't even remember that he was supposed to bring us glasses.I had called ahead to verify the actual time the show started and was told 7:00. Not true. The show didn't start until 7:25 and ended at 8:45. An hour and 20 minutes total for 3 comedians. The headliner only was on for about 40 minutes. The other 2 comedians took up the rest of the time. On top of all this, when I looked at my receipt for our drinks the next day, we were given the wrong bill. Now I have to straighten out that mess. Our bill was $18 and my card was charged $75. I'm sure the other person that got my charge of $18 is not saying a thing.  Worst comedy club ever! We won't be back.
4	Went to see Rocky Laporte here new years day and can say this is a great comedy venue!  Its no hassle parking (structure extremely close by), not overly cramped seating, and a great looking place.  One extremely important PSA for this place is the FOOD IS AWFUL.  Not that I expected anything special, but for those hoping of having a meal there think more airplane or microwave meals than actual food (for 10-13 dollars a "dish").  With that being said this is a comedy club and not a restaurant so that's why I dont hold that to my rating.  Special shout out goes to Kathleen the audience member rocky loved for this particular show.
