4	First night in Vegas, I got chambered at my friends condo, I had the munchies.$2.99 for a 24 pack of Aquafina.  $3.99 for a 12 pack of Cup o Noodle$2.99 for 48 rice crispy treats$1.29 for a big bag of red vines$2 bucks for milkand $2 bucks for oreosAre you shittin me?Nope. and I had 5 bucks left over to put in the video poker machine that won my ass 4 aces with a kicker. Gotta love Las Vegas. *warning, this place looks like you'll get mobbed in the parking lot. I have no idea how I ended up here in the first place.
3	Food 4 Less?My girlfriend doesn't like Smiths claiming the prices are too high.  I fought and fought but finally agreed to go visit food for less with the same exact shopping list we had from last week.Over all the store was clean. The produce was fresh but we'll see how long it lasts before spoiling.Im sure there is a law that regulates how much they are allowed to charge and still use the name food 4 less. I didnt see a whole lot of savings as Some items were cheaper some items were the same as my regular grocery store; but really the only cost savings I noticed was that I had to bag my own groceries. So they were saving on overhead and I guess that eventually trickles down to my pocketbook.Overall I spent about the same amount and still had to go to my Smiths store to buy yogurt (didnt have my flavor) or my kids type of cereal. I may go back but only if I notice they are having a huge sale on something I need
4	Great prices, friendly staff. I feel very comfortable shopping here.
4	If you don't mind bagging your own groceries, this place can save you quite a bit of money. Upon entry, you are greeted by the wall of values, offering bigger savings on bulk items along with great deals on soda, cereal and other pantry staples. The produce section was well kept with a large selection. This location offers a large meat department with a full service meat counter. You will find all of your favorite national brands, as well as a good selection of store brands, which are comparable quality wise. Our latest visit was early on a Saturday evening and the crowd wasn't too bad. Located at Craig and Simmons, this place has been known to get really crowded at times. The store itself is rather large, which makes for wider shopping aisles. It took me a while to decide on the cold brew I wanted to partake in, as the variety of beer is extensive. I will deinitely be back.
5	I can't imagine why anyone would make a big fuss about bagging your own groceries this is a great place to shop I went in today was in and out in 10 minutes grabbed what I needed had great service at the checkout what else can you say I don't bother with smiths it's over priced and the fruits spoil just as fast it's part of being in the desert if it doesn't spoil it's probably roided with additional GMO's
2	They need to stock there stuff here most of the stuff is not even stuff from meat, vegetables, fruit, sodas and so on never seen a food 4 less  this empty they need to improve on there ordering/purchasing. I can takes pictures of the stufd im talking  about but it will to many. I found over 20 different  places that had empty spots just talk to the cashier  there closing  thats why.
