2	-MESSY, messy, and did I say "messy"?-Dirty store. Gross restroom!-The cashier was condescending. When I asked for paper to wrap my ceramic vase in...rather than just randomly placing it into the plastic Ross bag, she made a "disgusted" face at me, like I was asking her for one of her kidneys or something.-The security guard dude with the amish goatee beard was on a total power trip - he was scolding people for forming one line (like at most other Ross Stores)...he kept REPEATING (like everyone was hearing impaired) to just get BEHIND anyone in any register line...(maybe he used to work for the TSA???)-The shelves were 1/2 empty...like it needed to be restocked.-Maybe the ONLY thing that was good (two-stars) was that there were four cashiers....but, it was soooo busy, they could had easily used more cashiers. (I thought we were in a BAD economy??)
3	The place can be a bit of a zoo. But you can find some decent deals in this chaos. It reminds me of a thrift store in that it is chaotic, there are deals to be had, but you will probably do more browsing than buying.
3	You might as well get used to the fact that Ross stores are the lower-end equivalent of TJ Maxx. Disorganized, and if you see something you really like you might as well buy it because there's a good chance it won't be there next time.Wide variety of stuff that for whatever reason didn't sell at their department stores. So, buyer beware. I've had good and bad luck with things here. Toys, great so long as you buy well-known brands. I can often find Melissa and Doug toys or much less than the typical retail price. If a toy looks like cheap plastic garbage, it probably is. Bedding, pretty good. Cheaper than Kohls if you can find something you like. Housewares- hit or miss. We've bought a few things cheaper than at other stores (French coffee press, spatulas, etc) but durability can be an issue, as can finding what you actually want. Undergarments- surprisingly good. Inexpensive and some sizes that are harder to find at mainstream retail stores. Other clothes, hit or miss. Their shirts tend to wear out really fast and fall apart too soon. Shoes don't seem to be that much cheaper than anything else. Purses are decent but they fall apart faster than they should.We've never had any real problems with this particular store, although there is ALWAYS a long line to check out, regardless of the day or time.
2	Really good deals in here tonight I'll kinds of neat Christmas gift ideas lots of colognes perfumes shoes but he is busy tonight wow what is going on why is it so busy this service is great very helpful.
3	Standard location with all the usual fare. This one is cleaner and more organized than some of the other locations I've been to in various cities. These stores are really hit or miss for me.  I either find ten things I want to take home, or nothing I want.  This go-around I didn't find anything to take home, but I'm sure if I visit again in the near future it will be another story.  I did like their new Valentine's Day items, and they are usually good about seasonal items as a whole if you are looking to decorate your office or home with some cute things.The staff was friendly and greeted us on our way in and also as we were leaving.  Overall: BA very decent Ross location with friendly staff and the usual items you'd find for this chain.
3	I've visited this ross often. It is often messy and things are all over. But I've noticed that it started to get a bit more organized. Sadly, it seems like the cashier's dread their jobs. You can sometimes tell when someone calls their name on the intercom to come up. It is sometimes sad when you have to ask them to use paper to wrap valuable glass items. When people are waiting in line they are speaking Spanish to the other cashiers. Sometimes the bathrooms are distinguishing, floors are sticky and some of the clothes have stains on them.
