2	Walking in, I had no idea what we were getting in for. It turns out that you pile meats, vegetables, nuts, fruits, and sauces from an extensive buffet line into a small bowl for the "chefs" who will fry it all up for you. Chicken, scallops, pork, beef, zucchini, carrots, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, asparagus, mushrooms, onions, mandarin oranges, pineapple, garbanzo beans, and a WHOLE lot more are available for the choosing. Plus over 30 sauces are available for mixing and matching. When first approaching the stack of bowls, I noticed that they were all soiled. Icky! Not my idea of a good first impression. While satisfied with the choices, I found myself going back to my favorite standbys each time I filled a new bowl. Yes, it is all-you-can-eat.The Cooking Method: Dudes take your bowl, slop it onto a large rotating flat grill (consistently too close to my neighbors pile, I might mention), and flip them until "finished". Meanwhile I'm waiting for my food to cook, I see significant pieces of my ingredients falling into the catch basin while they are being flipped. Dang! I wanted that piece of chicken in there!I must admit that the crab rangoon were mighty tasty. My mom longed for shrimp, which they apparently only serve during dinner. They did, however, send out a funnel cake dessert to celebrate my mother's birthday which was nice. BREAKDOWN: The food was ok. I like the idea of make-your-own stirfry. Atmosphere was way too corporate. Decent prices at lunch. Skived out by the messiness of the whole thing. I WOULD NOT SUGGEST THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE WITH FOOD ALLERGIES!
2	Standard Mongolian grill style restaurant. Ingredients are replenished quickly. Food is grilled even quicker. Seafood ingredients include: shrimp, calamari, squid, shark meat and prawns. Regardless of the input combination of ingredients most dishes come out with the same taste with varying levels of spice, bitterness and salt. To get your money's worth bring a healthy appetite.
4	I found the food to be very good and the selection of items to and sauces to be the perfect amount to choice from.The area is a little small and can fill up fast during peak times and can be hard to get around at times.
3	Not exactly sure how to rate this place, seeing how it depends on how well YOU make your meal.HuHot is a lot like Flat Top Grill, meaning that it's a make-your-own "stir-fry"(although it's allegedly "Mongolian") joint. I think this place has a few more items and sauces for your dish, but it's very much like Flat Top.I think this would be a great place to take kids and/or picky eaters, since everyone can get EXACTLY what they want. Don't get the martini that looks like Windex, it's nasty...$7 worth of nastiness.
4	Had a great time, and what a fun concept.  Pretty classic mongolian grille fare (lots of proteins, vegies and a TON of sauce combinations) with a very friendly set of grill masters.Took my 7 yr old son and he had sooo much fun putting together his own combination and watching them cook it in front of him.Highly recommend it
2	Seriously?  $13+ to scoop up some frozen food and then have a chef "stir fry" it for 5 minutes?  I really just don't understand the appeal of HutHot.  The restaurant itself is the typical chain of suburban-style places that put some kind of authentic looking name on a place that is more ordinary then what I get at the grocery store.First off, the food that is provided in the buffet might be all you can eat, but I'd never want to make more than one trip.  It's all frozen, the beef is thinly sliced and of a poor cut, the vegetables / side items are all stringy and pathetic looking, and there's little description to go with the labels.I tried a few of the user recommended combinations, only to be confronted with a dish that had an awkward taste to it and left me with a half-full plate of something I had no interest in finishing.I hate being harsh on a restaurant, but this is not something I'd recommend to anyone.  If you want all you can eat, you could go to an OCB and probably get better food (and I'd feel bad for you then too), and if you wanted Asian cuisine, there's plenty that are much better (or your own cooking).I understand the concept of these places.  Sure, you make your own food but they're supposed to provide ingredients and cuts that are better than what you could find at the grocery store.  Too bad this doesn't ring true with HuHot.  At least the service was ok and the items were well stocked.  Other than that, absolutely nothing that would compel me to spend $13 there again.
1	Now granted I'm opposed to the idea of Mongolian grills in the first place for the usual reasons, but at least with Flat Top nothing is frozen, it's nice inside, and if you go up a few times it's a good deal (well, for lunch at least). The whole ambiance of HuHot just felt trashy.
2	You try so hard, but Hu Hot - I'm just not that into you... Your sauces have no flavor. Some of your food is fresh, some isn't. Your branding is pretty cheesy. The seafood is poor quality. Just not loving it.The people seem nice, but unfortunately that just won't cut it.For my chain Mongolian bbq fix, I'm sticking with Flat Top.
4	No idea why those here are trashing this place so bad. It's just like any other Mongolian BBQ chain I have been to. Maybe better. Yeah the meat is frozen. So what? The other places had it frozen also before thawing it in the buckets. The sauces were good in my opinion, not bland. And there were many of them to choose from. Especially the black Thai peanut sauce which was great on chicken. The vegetable selection was large and nothing ran low while I was there. Service was good and the food was cooked as quickly as possible. I tried small plates of several different combos and thought everything was good. How can $13 seem too expensive when you get to build and watch your own food cooked in front of you? This is not monumental food but is sure hits the spot when you are craving some stir fry noodles that can be as spicy as you like. I would go here again.
2	There seems to be a lot of controversy regarding the HuHot, let me try and explain why I understand both sides...no, actually there's nothing to understand--the general premise is that HuHot and most Mongolian Grills in general heap large/unlimited portions of bland uninspired food at you and expect you to be awed by the concept of a large stir-fry and wide array of ingredients.To over-analyze it some, this premise if you can call it that is inherently flawed because at its core what makes a good restaurant is quality of ingredients, quality of preparation and service.  Service here basically is to explain the concept; so shakes out as largely a non-factor.  HuHot's ingredients are soooo bland, the meats are frozen and have no marinade or rub to them, the freezing of the vegetables results in the same end-result. Supporters want to clamor that the sauces give flavor and you can choose whatever you like! (like you can't find something at a normal restaurant) But the sauces are just alright and merely an attempt to cover up the blandness problem.  HuHot is tolerable for where it is on the "new" west-side of Madison as it's a relatively quick n easy lunch spot for all the new offices out there.  And I'll admit I find their stereotypical Asian menu rather amusing.  But one could create a tastier stir-fry at home.  The Parthenon is one of man's greatest constructions but without any skill it's just a pile of rocks.
4	First of all, it's not gourmet, high end, or romantic. I wouldn't come here on Valentine's. But it is a good deal of you are hungry and know you can make three or more trips up through the buffet line, and I think it's fun and tasty. For novices to Mongolian BBQ places, after being seated and ordering drinks and appetizers, choosing a soup or the house salad (free with meal) and designating if you would like white or brown rice, or tortillas with your meal, you head up to the raw buffet. You pile a bowl with whatever meats (choose from beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, 2 kinds of sausage, fish) and veggies (there are about 20 varieties, so I won't list them) or noodles (3 varieties) you want. Then you add pre-made sauces, or concoct your own, using soy, garlic oil, lime juice, sesame oil, etc. You then head to the large round grill, hand your bowl to a cook, and they grill it while you wait. Whole process takes between 5-10 minutes, depending on the crowd. Repeat as desired.Yes, the meats are frozen, as are some veggies. But so are most of the foods you get at other places, before they arrive at your table fully cooked. You just aren't aware that the ingredients were frozen before they got to your plate. Putting out the frozen product decreases the risk of food poisoning, as the less time a food is at room temperature, the better.Yes, the cooks are cooking your food "right next" to another patron's food. But so what? What do people thinks happen in the kitchen of any other restaurant? If you were under the impression that a restaurant kitchen only cooks one meal at a time on the grill, or sanitizes the grill between orders, you were sadly mistaken. Someone noticed that the cooks dropped a utensil and reused it. I have been here no less than 6 times, have seen dropped utensils a few times, and always saw them placed in a separate bin and never reused. But are you sure that the cooks hidden in a kitchen at your favorite restaurant never reuse a dropped utensil? Really?Anyway, getting to the food - I have 2 picky kids. Both like meat, and hate veggies. This is their idea of paradise. They can make exactly what they want, and as a bonus, kids 11 and under eat for $4.79. This was an awesome deal for my son at age 11.  Once when we were there, a group of 6 UW guys were eating, and went up at least 5 times. Again, for them it must have been a bargain.As for the sauces, you can make them as tasty as you want with all of the ingredients available. At first mine were hit or miss, until I figured out some good combinations. They also have recipe cards that list ways to make some tasty combos.One caution: I would not go here if I had severe food allergies. I saw the routine the cooks go through to clean the grill for someone with allergies. It's the same routine that cooks in other restaurants use for people with allergies, but for someone like my niece with life-threatening allergies, I would never bring her here given the possibility of contamination. But she also rarely eats at any restaurant, for the exact same concerns.Overall, it's a good deal if you are hungry, kids love it, it's great for picky eaters. But it's not for people who prefer to have their food prepared out of their sight.
4	I honestly love HuHot, and go there at least 1 to 2 times a month.  The staff is always friendly, but not always prompt, especially with refills.  The first time I was there, no one told us ingredients in the sauces, and no one asked if we had any food allergies.  I ended up eating an entire plateful of food in a sauce that I was allergic to, and it got pretty bad.  Since then, I noticed they not only ask each time, but then the grillers clean a spot on the grill extra clean and keep your food separate if you do have an allergy, and even use different spatulas and what not.  They even have a book they offer you if you have a food allergy to show you all ingredients in everything they have.  It was because of this care of the customers that has kept me coming back.  I've always felt welcome here, and even a few of the waiters take time to recognize us and come over and say hi.As for the food, it is pretty much delicious.  Being a vegetarian, it is nice to put together my own meal and just skip the meat section.  There are a ton of things a vegetarian can eat, and I'm always stuffed well past dinner time after eating only 2 platefuls here.  The food is pretty much always fresh and well stocked.  However, definitely take your time with the sauces.  I have tried a bunch of different combinations, and I honestly think you really have to try hard to screw up the sauces part (I have put some weird ones together and it has never tasted bad!), but be mindful of the type of sauce you are putting in to know how much you need.  They have good combination ideas on little cards for you to follow, but if you like the sauce to give you the most taste instead of just complimenting your ingredients, then add a few extra spoonfuls of your favorites.  I find when I follow the rule of thumb there, it tastes good, but slightly bland, and always add maybe one or two extra spoonfuls of something to make it more "saucy."  If you go overboard and get too much in there, it can get messy, but you only have to deal with it from the sauce stand to the grill, and they have napkins and hand sanitizer there.The only reason I give this place 4 instead of 5 stars is just due to slow service most of the visits.  Other than that, definitely a place to check out!Don't forget to throw in a tip for the grillers at the end!
4	We agree with the last review...there's no reason to trash this place, everything was great. Food was good, place was clean, decor is cool, people were super friendly (especially considering we were there an hour after close), the cook was awesome & performing tricks. The only thing is dinners are $12.49 which is ok on occasion, but the $1 beers totally made up for it!
5	Good service (Rob). You choice what do you want eat. They have a salad and beefs bar for choice and in minutes the good "cocineros" lo hacen para usted! Muchas salsas para escoger!
1	Never again...I guess they don't have much in the way of Mongolian bbq in Madison but this was a poor excuse for it at best...the meat didn't look fresh...the bar area was not well maintained...food was everywhere...the sauce area was a disaster...the offer you rice and soup to go with your dinner and the rice isn't cooked properly...and the soup was a sad excuse for hot and sour...YUCK!!!Once and only once...never again HuHot
3	HuHot was good, it wasn't amazing. The concept was exciting at first of creating your own stir fry. I went straight to the suggested recipe cards and picked out the Peanut Chicken ingredients. The bowls you put your stir fry ingredients in were not appealing in any way. They looked like cheap, plastic, semi dirty bowls. The freeze dried meat did not impress, not even once it has been cooked. However, my dining experience was fun and I would consider going there again.
4	Good food selection and a hell of a lot cleaner than most "Mongolian" BBQ places. Friendly staff too.
4	I tried HuHat again and was impressed this second time around. I will definitely be going back! I need to learn to pace myself when I fill the bowl the first time around so that I have am hungry enough to go back for seconds. There are so many stir fry options to choose from.
3	Staff is very friendly. Service is quick. Food is "eh".   My advice is use lots of sauce because the veggies and meats don't have much to offer.
3	Meat was completely rock solid frozen. I don't think that's normal compared to other mongolian grills (let's call it MG) I have been to but maybe its better sanitation wise? I thought my meat turned out good, my bf's meat was still cold in some parts and he complained the meat was tough.  (I will say that I was very hungry and inhaled the food in half the time that my bf did even though he's 3x's my size--which never happens) Meat selection wasn't that extensive compared to other MG's i've been to. We went on labor day and they were open (yay!) and there wasn't a line to get to the grill.
3	My kids enjoy the variety and ability to mix things up with multiple trips to the grill.  I can mix up some good dishes for myself, though the meat and "seafood" leave something to be desired.  For a dinner buffet, I think it is a good place to take the family and have a decent range of options.
3	For a quick stop, this place filled my tum and that's about all I needed at the time. I was happy with this visit, but won't make it a destination spot.The variety of items available for the grill wasn't the wide selection that I'm used to from other favorites.
4	the place has a wide variety of sauces to select from..... the food is fresh and good in taste.....i like their egg drop soup as well.... it is a nice place to have lunch, less crowd at that time....
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! This is probably one of the most spectacular eating experiences I have ever had. Ok, first things first. Location is OK but not great. It is in an odd spot between Middleton and Madison but is also near some other places to eat like a Panera and a nicer sit-down restaurant. I have been here quite a few times and everyone is always really nice and SUPER fast with anything we need like more drinks etc. It's affordable, fast, and delicious. The best thing about it? Technically the only person to mess up your food is yourself. I mean I have received the wrong plate and in my opinion something could have been cooked a little more but otherwise GREAT. The cooks are VERY very efficient and always put on a great show! The building itself is very modern and trendy with some great lighting inside and a nice relaxing exterior. The parking is technically in back and the "front door" is on the street so it would be nice to have the door at the... errr... back? where parking is?... um yeah... Anyways, I love coming here for an interesting eating experience because every visit is different from the last. I highly recommend at least eating here once just to see what its like.
5	This place deserves more than 3 stars. I've been here for dinner twice - on a Friday and a Saturday. Saturday dinner was pretty busy, but service and quality stayed reliably at a high standard. Service staff was very nice and prompt. They're usually very visible and attentive. They will refill your drinks quickly. A head waiter/manager type of person came around to check up on customers - which is always a good sign.The food was pretty good, too. I'm not expecting the best cuts of lean meats here. The meat you pick was frozen as expected - and that is fine. It's stirfry, frozen is fine. I did wish the meat was sliced thinner by the supplier. But for what it was - it was good. Though they're missing out on an offering of lamb, they did have the other types of proteins usually included in a Mongolian grill. So the ingredient bar is good enough. They have 20 sauces ready for your choosing. I know what I liked in my stirfry, but they offer sauce recipes to help you out. * They actively try to keep the ingredient bar as clean as possible. During busy times it gets a little disarrayed - but it's not like cleaning staff are ignoring their duties. They clean and refill the food often.The grill itself is run in as efficient manner as one can imagine when grilling an entire restaurant's meals. Be forewarned that when it gets busy you can have a line of 10 ppl waiting to put their raw ingredients in with the grill. Bring a friend to talk to or a phone! Though the food quality was pretty good at the end, one problem is that the cooking time is too long - usually to cook through the meat. Since they are not adding some sort of liquid (a salty broth would be nice) during the cooking process, the starches just start overcooking and a lot of it gets stuck on the grill. This affect is really visible when the grill is at full capacity and only 3-4 chefs are working. A positive is that they won't bother to give you the burned noodle parts. The chefs, though young like from college, were very polite and seemed to have a lot of fun grilling. So they're doing a pretty good job. * There's reviews mentioning that when chefs lose their spatulas to the floor, they'll re-use it. .... ???? That sounds preposterous. They are surrounded by 15 customers watching them cook their food. Anyways I actively checked every time a utensil fell to the floor to see where they ended up. The end up in the dirty dishes bin. * Spatulas ARE re-used for working between different customers' foods. I think that is fine. They scrape the spatulas between customers, at least. This does mean if you have any food allergies you need to make sure to mention it. AFAIK they have a system for this since the wait staff do ask if you have food allergies before you go up. The food was yummy when I ate it.  They have those 100 flavor soda machines so their drink selection is full of variety. Every time I asked to change flavors the waiter was prompt to get it.Is $13 for this dinner buffet a smart choice? Yes. I cook sometimes and I eat out sometimes. Cooking up a stirfry is going to be cheaper, but sometimes you're lazy. If you're lazy, you're going to eat out. I've tried so many places in West Madison. You're putting in at least $10 anywhere else just for an entree. I think HuHot is the best value for my money if I'm looking for a good sitr-fry and I'm ready to eat to my heart's content. All the staff so far have been very polite - and it was a great experience to come out having my stir-fry cravings fulfilled.I hope their service continues at the level I've experienced.Fun stuff: A great sauce mix: Soy sauce, garlic, chili garlic sauce, chili oil.  Simple but delicious in your mouth.
5	As a BIG lover of Mongolian BBQ I was very skeptical of a place this big trying to do it. However, this place was amazing. They have a huge selection of things to add into your food which is great. The meat selection was anything special but they had all the basics. They do put the noodles at the front of the line as compared to most places where you put them on last. My guess is that this is to fill your bowl faster so that you don't take as much...but after everything cooks it reduces down so much you typically want more. BUT it is all you can eat so it isn't the end of the world (if you really could go back for more that is...i'm always too full). The cooks do a great job of cleaning off the grill in between plates which is a huge relief for people (like myself) with food allergies. Also this place is very kid-friendly. When we got our highchair our server told us that it rolls and that we should take our little one with us through the line. At first we were a little uneasy about it, but after doing it, it was awesome! People in line complimented us on our ingenuity which we in turn attributed to the server.We didn't try it, but I would definitely think hard about getting their Smores desert they have. Comes with a flame in the middle and Marshmellows, chocolate and Graham Crackers. Make Smores at a restaurant table? Brilliant!At the end of the day what separates this Mongolian BBQ apart from the rest is the huge selection of sauces. I'm used to seeing several, but this place has way more than any other place i've ever been. Only complaint about the sauces is that the hot wasn't that hot. But then again, no hot sauce ever is. My one complaint...it is a bit pricy at $13 a person. It could be worse, but still...a bit high.
1	Won't be dining here again.  The meant is like flash frozen, and once it's cooked it's like trying to chew rubber.  The only thing really selling this place is that it's all-you-can-eat.  I'd rather go to Flat Top, same dining experience (mongolian grill) better ingredients, better food.  I'd rather get full on good food, than fill myself with bad.
3	Before the rest of this, I must disclaim that in general all-you-can-eat restaurants aren't for me. Eating responsibly doesn't usually go well with eating from an unlimited quantity. For this restaurant, the quality did not suffer. All the meat, vegetables, noodles, and sauces were delicious. Their hottest sauce is the hottest article I've found in Madison, though I don't really have much experience with the hot wings market here.Sadly, every time I've eaten the complementary soup, it hasn't paired well with the food. Either eat it first or order the salad, I guess. Also the line to have your food grilled can get a little long at times, though it's not so terrible as long as you've already eaten your first serving. I guess there's another reason to eat the soup/salad first...
5	Have been here a couple times.  If you like Mongolian this is a great place.  Drinks were good, service excellent, and the food selection area - which is important to me - was very clean!  HuHot keeps the meats frozen so raw juices do not get all over the place.  That is VERY smart.  Their selection is huge, and the sauces plentiful and good.  Last time we went my vegtarian frined was worried, but they cleaned a space on the grill stone, cooked her meal in a vegetarian pan, and used separate spatulas, so this place is vegetarian friendly.  Both times, good meals.  Looking forward to going back.
2	Don't be fooled, this is not Mongolian! My husband and I were on the west side and decided to get some dinner. Unfortunately the Pho place was closed so we decided to stop in here (not doing research first) with the thought that we have not had Mongolian cuisine in a long time. Well, we were fooled, it is an all you can eat, make your own stirfry chain. There are plenty of options which was nice, but it did take us a second trip to get a sense of the flavors/heat of their sauces. Needless to say, I doubt I will be coming back unless my only options are other chains, but Madison has much better options for the price.
2	I knew this going in, but I went anyways ... 10 bucks for lunch 13 for dinner ... it is pretty much just Syco frozen foods that are heated with a sauce .... BUT it is all you can eat!  No thanks!
2	Great staff but awful awful TERRIBLE food.I really really wanted to enjoy this place. I really did. I went here last night with my daughter and boy were we disappointed. We ordered the all you can eat and it came with the choice of either soup or salad. I ordered the Hot and Sour soup and she ordered the Egg Drop and can I say YUCK!?!? By far the nastiest version of HSS I've ever tasted and boring bland tasting Egg Drop.With such horrible soup we went on to try out their Mongolian grill. I will say this, they had a very nice selection. Large variety of meats and seafood and a great variety of vegetables. The sauces well... that's another story. It's obvious these are pre bought watered down tubs of sauces that did not say 'Mongolian' at all. Want to know whats even better? They give you a full view of their disgusting giant see through refrigerator with their bundles of horribly stored gross sauces right next to the grill. I was, however, very impressed with the cooks and how well they did. They cooked quickly and accurately. Props to them.After or food was cooked no surprise at all. Disgusting. Now I'm sure you can say. Marlene, what if you're just terrible at picking the correct sauces? Well my dear yelpers, we took advantage of the 'all you can eat' and tried out many different combinations including their cheat card combinations. Nothing tasted nearly close to mongolian or at all appetizing. At the end of the day I will never ever come back to such horrid tasting food. It's just too bad, they had a magnificent staff and very skilled cooks.
3	I went in with a bad attitude since I read a lot of negative reviews.. It was pretty good. The service was meh but the huge amount of options, Veggies, meats, sauces were impressive.  The frozen meat was a bit surprising but I guess it makes sense rather than having warm raw meat sit out. Who cares if it is authentic based on the name? McDonalds isn't authentic Scottish food.I have to say, though, the grill guys weren't very friendly, and the server kept calling me honey, so that was annoying.
5	Do it.
2	I wouldn't have normally chosen to go to dinner here, but a flip of a coin sealed the deal..also, I'm staying at a hotel within walking distance, and the options here are extremely weak. (I wish this trip had me staying in downtown Madison, that place is amazing)The restaurant seemed clean enough, but when the host sat us, the first 2 tables he deemed unacceptable..for whatever reasons, so we had to go on to table #3, in the corner.The entire system of ordering and putting together your main course is what really irked me. Grab a bowl, fill it with ingredients and hand it over to the chefs - sounds simple, which it is except...A table full of half frozen meats to put into your small bowl was gross, and was the beginning of my losing my appetite. Then, you choose one of maybe 3 types of noodles, but they all seemed the same....then if you have enough space in your bowl, put a few veggies to round out the dish. Then theres another table with an overwhelming assortment of sauces, but only half of them had utensils in their dishes. Then I hand the dish off to the chefs, who are busy doing tricks with their spatulas behind the counter for tips. I just wanted my food, not a spectacle.The food turned out alright, really nothing i'm looking to have again...I might have enjoyed it a little better if the staff didnt ask if things were okay every 5 minutes. It's nice that they were attentive, but this was over the top.
4	Super pleased with the care and attention they gave my food allergy. Service was great and food was filling and decently priced. Far superior to flat top in my opinion
2	nothing really wrong with the food, nothing really good either. my biggest complaint is the price: $12.99 for dinner. included in the dinner price is your choice of soup; I chose the hot and sour. weirdest hot and sour I've ever had. it isn't that it tasted bad, but seemed like it was made by someone who had no idea what hot and sour soup was. it was mostly thin strips of carrots in a light broth. not a bad flavor, but not hot and not sour, that's for sure. the dinner was also supposed to include a greater selection of ingredients. I don't know if it did since I've never eaten there for lunch, but I saw shrimp and scallops listed on the website, and the only seafood present was some suspicious looking kind of whitefish. you also get to choose from pork, beef, sausages, everything frozen and hard as a rock. then, a small choice of noodles (3, I think) a good choice of veggies and a lot of sauces. now, here's my real problem with this place: it's basically a buffet, except nothing is cooked until you order it, and your only choices are noodle dishes. you get a fairly small bowl, put a few pieces of meat in it, then some noodles, then you've got room for a few veggies. then, choose your sauce and wait in line to hand it over to the cooks. avoid this place like the plague if they are even remotely busy. on a Saturday evening I had to stand in line waiting to fix up my bowl, as people just shuffle through line like zombies, then stand and wait to hand your bowl over to the cooks, then stand and wait until it is cooked. sit down and spend a few minutes eating, get back up and repeat the process. I spent more time standing in line than I did eating. and again, the food wasn't bad, but I think $7.99 is a fair price for what you get, $12.99 is criminal. a lot of good Chinese buffets charge around $10 for the dinner buffet, and many also include a Mongolian grill. it's not this big, but for less money they also include egg rolls, much better soup, salads, rice, chicken dishes, beef dishes, pork dishes, sushi....you get the point. here, you get noodle bowls, that's it.
3	Fresh veges and wonderful meat, if you like noodles, don't order the rice.  You order rice before you go to put your food together.
1	NOT FOR VEGETARIANS!!! I have been eating at Ho Hot for several years now. As a vegetarian I liked that they had a lot of veggies and tofu available and they would ask if we were vegetarian. When we said yes the server told us to make sure to tell the grill people and they would clean it and use different utensils. The other day we went their and I noticed their menu had changed so I glanced over it. I noticed that each sauce was now marked if it was vegetarian. Only 2 sauces were marked out of the 20 or so they have to choose from. What's worse is that none were marked before so I had assumed they all were and had been eating them in the past. Now I feel lied to and ill. And really only 2 sauces?!? I WONT BE BACK AND I AM NOT HAPPY!!
4	my family been here several times never had anything but excellent service very good variety of meats and veggies wide variety of sauces to please different tastes from mild for me to very hot for hubby like that they a kids menu if the little one aren't in the mood for the buffet though when they they can things they enjoy love the totilla never would have to eat mongolian buritos
5	Great place! I went for my first time with a group of friends. We stood in line for a little over 5 minutes, but were happily piling on a variety of meats and veggies while doing so. The men who grilled our food were very entertaining and kept us laughing while some of their tricks ended in tragedy. Our cocktails were waiting for us when we were back at the table and the drinks and food was great! Even got a variety of desserts afterward. Server was very nice and he helped us out along the way with suggestions. (Love all the soda variety too!)Certainly going back
1	If you go there, I suggest skipping on the fish. I chose to put crab and pollock in my stir fry and have never been more sick. Ate my meal at about 6:30, had an uneasy stomach for the rest of the evening, woke up at 4:30 in the morning with horrible stomach pain and nausea. That was the only meal of the day to cause me to feel that way. Horribly disappointed as the service was otherwise great, minus being a little slow but that was because of the dinner rush. Will not be returning as I have no desire to risk repeating that experience again, which is a shame because I really wanted those cheesecake rangoons...
4	Great place and I like it very much. Everything is good and you only need to figure out what sauce you need. I usually have two or three plates of food each time. Try pineapple and mango and teriyaki: awesome!The only problem is that the huhot and sour soup is too salty.
5	Wonderful place! Me and my family drive an hour away just to come to Madison to get our crave. The staff is VERY nice, my daughter got sick there once from a headache & instead of freaking out & being disgusted out waiter was very helpful getting us water & towels & checked on us the whole time. Love this place!
3	HuHot is a basic asian inspired restaurant. If you have a taste for a variety of Asian noodles while keeping it healthy, they are a good pick.HuHot is a semi buffet. As someone who hates buffets, I actually don't mind this because you pick the food you want from a cold/frozen bar of noodles, poultry, beef, tofu, seafood, veggies and at least 20 different sauces. Once you're done with your selection, you take it to the flat top grill to be cooked. The food is being cooked to order so if you have any issues with germs and buffets, it does ease the mind a bit. I do like the variety they offer of food selections. Personally, despite what the comment said below in regards to vegetarians options, I think HuHot is pretty vegetarian friendly. I was quite surprised to read the comment. Ive gone to HuHot once in the pass year and even then I felt they had a lot of selections for non meat eaters. If you're not a noodle person, you can have white or brown rice served to you. Its a cool place to take the kids so they can see their food being made Mongolian Grill still and is all you can eat. You can order off a menu if you prefer but I think they are known for their Mongolian Grill.They are overall a very decent place. I like going to HuHot when I'm in the area and would recommend them for the cost and style.
4	I love Hu Hot!  TONS of options to pick from.  I enjoy the ability to be creative and build my own meal.  Want more water chestnuts?  Pile 'em on!  Wohoo!  Don't care for mushrooms?  Don't take any!  Every trip to Hu Hot is a new experience - customizing your meal to whatever you have a hankerin' for that day.  The meat selections are nice - I usually flip between beef and chicken.  I'm not fond of seafood, so "shark" never makes it in my bowl.  The frozen "meat chips" could be a turnoff, but it cooks up nicely and doesn't seem to be an issue.  For other ingredients, I can't think of anything that is missing.The sauces are abundant!  I appreciate the posted combinations, if nothing else to give me direction in my creativity.  Want it hot?  You can do that.  Want it mild?  Plenty of options there, too.  And everything in between!The chefs do a great job preparing the food, often putting on a little show.  Tip those guys!  They work hard and that grill is plenty hot.  They deserve a little extra something...The only thing keeping this from being a 5-star review is their "bread".  Call me crazy, but I'd swear they just microwave some stale store-bought flour tortillas.  But other than that, it's fantastic!
5	This place is awesome, add your own meat, veggies, and noodles! Everyone was ubber nice and the grill guy even flipped his spatulas like crazy!
2	Was hoping to add a restaurant to the "close to home, works for the whole family for dinner" category, but HuHot won't be in the rotation.Positives: Service was perfectly friendly, and the kids liked watching the guys at the grill. My 12 year old still fits the kid category for a $4.99 stir-fry.  These are the things that saved it from 1 star overall.The rest: The food is pretty bad-- one star for sure.  First I put something together based on pork and one of their spiciest sauce combinations.  Whether it was the meat or the prep, the pork was like leather (my wife compared hers to beef jerky) and the sauce could best be described as "gooey" (my wife's teriyaki was best described as "salty").  I then tried a bit of chicken with a Pad Thai sauce-- the chicken had the same unidentifiable (as chicken) texture, and the sauce was similar in its gooiness to the first sauce.Here's the clencher-- my 7 year old declared the chicken strips the worst he's ever had.  And this kid has looooow standards when it comes to chicken strips.As compared to Flat Top Grill at Hilldale (which to me always tastes good, fresh, and healthy), HuHot fails miserably. Too bad Hilldale is too far to drive when two kids are hungry, and they don't have the requisite nuggets, cheese pizza, or corn dogs for the 7 year old...
5	This place is awesome all you can eat. Dont limit you to one small bowl to grill. Lots of good ingredients reasonably price. Great staff and excellent t service and freshness!!
2	There's a Mongolian barbecue in Indianapolis that I absolutely love and used to go to quite often. When I moved to Madison my boyfriend assured me that this place was the bees knees. Alas, it is not. The sauce is average and their barbecue is quite bland. The meat is dry and tough. The fish and seafood are terrible. The veggies are what you would expect. The staff is amazing! The grillers are usually entertaining and Joy, my favorite waitress, is such a peach. I keep getting dragged back here, but I never enjoy the food much. They have a freestyle Coke machine, so that's pretty neat. The BEST part about this place is the cheesecake rangoon. It's usually the bribe that gets me to go. Every restaurant should put it on their menu.
1	Wow. I forgot I ate here for a friend's birthday party once because Flat Top was busy - its that memorable. The bartender didn't know how to make certain standard drinks and they didn't have a drink menu. The wait staff was ok. When you walked up to pick your items for stir-fry, it felt like you were picking things from a trough. The cooks looked miserable - the way it was set up reminded me of a pirate movie where they are chained to a circular pole and had to walk around in circles, and the floor was disgusting and they had to push all the water off the floor to the drain - yucko. The sauce/condiment area at the end of the line was a bit confusing. Overall, the food didn't taste like anything. It was pretty tasteless - usually tofu picks up something from the sauce, but not here. I would have been better off just grabbing a bowl of uncooked tofu and seasoning it with the soy sauce. The table next to us were a bunch of chicks and one of them even pulled down her pants to show off her thong. Terrible dinner and a worse free show? I love (not - its sad really because this place is soooo far from Asian food - it's like the Taco Bell of stir-fry) that they have the stereotypical Asian guy with a Fu Manchu beard as their mascot.
4	A bit expensive for "fast-ish" food, but I thought the selections were good, the place was clean and it was a good experience.  Now, we were there at 1:30p on a Monday.  I am sure that helped with many aspects of enjoying the experience!
3	This place is always an awesome choice as far as buffets go. Love the sauces and meat options especially.The only downsides are that the service is pretty subpar and the puny bowls of rice are never enough for my plate.
2	It was our second time here.   Not nearly as impressed as the first but then again we didn't come back for a year so maybe we weren't impressed that much anyway.It's a neat idea, food isn't bad, but it's nothing to rave about either.  The cooks use to be fun and show off their chopping skills, there was none of that anymore.  Service was pretty good, but we thought it was tacky for all the waiters to hang around the bar area and chat, with a little swearing added to the mix.Have went 2 years in a row for birthday of my daughter, apparently birthdays aren't as important to them any more since last year.  Not that anything was really expected, but when you set a precedent...Overall, on the ride home my wife and I decided it's not worth going back.  In my opinion, based on the crowd, we might not be the only ones.Was worth a try once, a year ago, not anymore.  Time to move on...
4	Been to this many times now and my daughter n I love it everytime we come here..we enjoying preparing all the by ourselves.. We can create our own dish according to our taste so I give 4.5/5 for the food. And 4.5/5 for the ambience  and 4/5 for the service.
1	I ate here just once, and that will probably be my only visit. I was looking for a low-priced, quick meal, and HuHot was the answer. Unfortunately, the cleanliness (or lack thereof) of the restaurant as well as the chatty gang of bored wait staff next to my booth during my visit were both such turnoffs that I don't want to return for a second visit.My husband and I sat at a booth near the bar, and when sitting down, I smelled something like dirty socks. I don't know if old food was rotting in tiny cracks in the seat, or if bacteria over time in the carpeting underneath the booth caused the smell, or if the smell was generating from something else. Whatever it was, the smell was one that should not be inside of a restaurant. The bathrooms smelled a little like sewage. The handles on some of the utensils at the buffet were sticky. Overall, the place just was not clean. (I'm turning my nose up as I'm typing this!)Our server was fine. She was friendly and attentive. But why did the rest of the HuHot wait staff sit around and chit-chat in the bar area during the 45+ minutes that I was there? I understand that I was dining at an off time (3pm), but I still feel that the wait staff ganging together and "hanging out" in front of customers is very unprofessional.All in all, my experience at HuHot unfortunately was not positive, and I am not planning on going back.
