2	Random fact of the week: There is a Capriotti's in the Regional Justice Center. Yes, you will hear the phrase "beer money!" spoken in the same building where the Nevada Supreme Court makes decisions.  Disclaimer: I am not a Capriotti's fan but I applaud Capriotti's on their business sense.  Desperately hungry people like me, trapped in the RJC for hours on end, will do crazy things to get fed.  My desperation led me to eat at this Capriotti's, a chain I truly despise.Capriotti's, to me, is universally gross and this new location did not disappoint.    I ordered the Cole Turkey featuring dry, overcooked turkey, sweaty provolone cheese, dry coleslaw, and one slice of tomato.  Eating this sandwich was like chewing an entire bag of cotton.  That's the Capriotti's experience!  This place was packed though, so apparently it's popular.Needless to say, once my biological need for food was met, I threw away the rest of my sandwich.  Sadly, I'll probably be back, whether I like it or not.
2	I love Capriotti's, we order it at work for extended staff meetings because they deliver. However, this location delivers when it wants to. The reason for the inconsistency they claim is based on whether or not they are busy. I will never understand why you'd miss out on sales.We were excited when this location opened, but we're missing our old location that was always able to deliver.
5	I love Capriotti's and I love that they are at the courthouse. Even though you're at the courthouse you still get the same great service and the same great food.
1	I had been hearing about capriotti's for a while now but my first time was when I had jury duty on the 8th of December.  I will never buy from them again.  The sandwich was very greasy and all I tasted was greasy onions and mushrooms mixed with cheese.  The meat had no flavor at all it was a disgusting sandwich.  Please don't waste your money.  They had the nerve to have tip jars on the counters.  It was a total waste of my money $9.18, I only eat half a sandwich because I was hungry.  Ugh!
