4	Chances are you haven't heard of Feeney's. It used to be the Cork 'n Cleaver twenty or thirty years ago, but it has since split off and now is its own steakhouse and bar. I can't speak thoroughly as to the food, since it has changed substantially since my last visit to eat, but I understand that the menu has expanded and has a Greek flair to it now.The bar, however, I can speak to. It is probably the darkest bar I have ever spent much time in and I love that about it. Their motto should be "Redefining Shady." It is a dive in many respects, but the regulars may not agree with that. Drinks are cheap and easy to come by in the very small bar area, and everyone seems to know the bartenders by name. If they know you and like you, you can even request music or bring in a CD and they may play it for you while you sip a smokey gin and tonic. But play your cards right, because they absolutely play favorites. The patio is comfortable for one group only but, it's all yours if you get it first.
4	this is a great place to go if you're looking for quality food at AFFORDABLE prices and a nice cozy atmosphere! they specialize in steaks and seafood but have other choices on the menu. i think this is a romantic place. it's small,  the lighting is low, candles on the table, and just all around intimate. this is not a large chain type of restaurant where you will be lost in the crowd and ignored.  the steaks & primerib are great. the prices are very affordable, much cheaper then anything like outback steakhouse or black angus. i get a large steak for about $15.00 and the primerib is priced under $24.  there are numerous daily fish specials to choose from which range anywhere from $9-$13. there are all sorts of fish dinners. you get an all you can eat salad bar with all meals. the appetizers are good and all appetizers are priced under $8. we always get the calamari. they do have a small bar area in the front. THE SERVICE IS ALWAYS BEYOND GOOD. THE WAIT STAFF IS VERY FRIENDLY AND THE OWNER OF THE RESTAURANT WILL ALWAYS COME BY AND GREET YOU AND MAKE SURE YOU ARE HAPPY WITH YOUR EXPERIENCE. they treat you very well and appreciate their guests. i go to this restaurant for all special occasions.  as an added benefit, THIS RESTAURANT IS ON  RESTAURANT.COM    IF YOU GO TO THIS WEBSITE, YOU WILL GET $25 OFF YOUR BILL OF $50 OR MORE. feeney's is on 12st, just south of glendale.
4	I like Feeney's. I must because I have been eating there for over 10 years. I like the owner of Feeney's (partially because his name is so much fun to say - Elias Pantazopoulos - but he will answer to Louie). Over the years, there have been very few times that Louie hasn't stopped by our table to make sure everything was ok. And although I would like to think it's because I'm special... it's really not. He genuinely cares about the people that come to his establishment and wants them to feel comfortable expressing their likes or suggestions.This place is small and mostly dark (the perfect place for a quiet dinner with your someone special) without one iota of pretentiousness. The brick walls, archways, and dark wood accents give it a little bit of an East coast feel topped off with the tiled exhibition kitchen complete with a shiney copper hood.The menu is mostly comprised of great steaks and sea food, but there are always a large selection of daily specials that are sure to mix things up. Most meals come with a trip to the salad bar... but beware, portions are pretty large, so make sure not to overload before your meal ever arrives. They have a full service bar up in front and if you are looking for a different game venue, grab a seat in there. The drinks are very reasonably priced, strong, and never run dry. They also have a hearty list of apps that you can supplement your drinks with, for the perfect game day fix.If you haven't over-indulged with your meal, you MUST order the Mud Pie. It is a ginormous slab of goodness! Dark chocolate cookie crust, loaded with coffee ice cream and topped with a super fudgy ganache layer that you will want to rub all over your body.Feeney's is a genuine rarity. It's a great little steakhouse that serves up above average meat but doesn't have a foo-foo bone in its body. Call ahead to make sure they have a table and head over to Feeney's. Oh and as Laura B. mentions, they are on restaurant.com so you can get a great deal on any meal.I have to go now... there is a piece of pie calling my name!
4	i'm feelin' a feeney. ya know what i mean? prolly not. but thats ok.Feeney's is just a cool spot on the travels of my life. one of my favorites bartenders from Hanratty's works here now, Whats up Chrystal..we gotta do brunch soon. :)Feeney's has a bomb patty melt. i love patty melts. greasy, cheesy, burgery and oniony. yep check all four things on the list. definetly something to check out if your in the area. awesomeness lives here. it's pure WIN...trust me.
5	This place rocks...it's simply the best neighborhood bar, with the greatest old timers hanging out there. I always enjoy my food, my drinks and the company - no one drinks alone here.  Where else can you find a salad bar from the 70's still up and functioning with bacon bits...There is a great burger deal on Tuesdays (I think) and they ahve a neat little patio with a TV.
5	I've been going to this restaurant at least once a month for the past 6 years. The fish, steak and prime rib dinners at Feeney's are excellent  and include one of the best salad bars I've seen anywhere. A basket of fresh rye and pumpernickle bread and butter is included as well.  The prices are very reasonable and the service is above excellent.. They really want to make sure you're enjoying your meal and have everything you want. The Mudd Pie is incredible and gets 5 starts all by itself.
4	As I was reading the rest of the reviews of Feeney's prior to lodging my own, I realized that I have never been there for the dinner hour! So I can't comment on the lights, candles, and ambience aforementioned.As Arik mentionined, Crystal is one of the best bartenders I have ever met! She has the best combination of customer service and sassiness that many of us bar regulars love. I've been to Feeney's a few times for drinks, and always had a great experience. They have a really cool patio for smokers as well. I think the thing I love about this place is that there are so many regular fixtures, presumably from the neighborhood. The times I have been there have been the early happy hour times, and it feels like a neighborhood bar, except the median age of patrons is closer to my parents age than mine. But not in a creepy way. I have had lunch there once, a few months ago, and it was very fine (3 stars). I had a club sandwich, my other 3 companions had sandwiches as well, and we were all satisfied. The 4 stars comes from the bar, its patrons, and the bartenders.
4	Nothing like enjoying a quality steak at a reasonable price with Rick Astley's Never gonna give you up playing in the background. heh.
2	We went back there again about a week ago. The same things that appealed to me the first time annoyed me the second time. Why valet parking? Its like having valet parking at a Lone Star. It doesn't make sense. The hostess is...weird. The atmosphere is odd. Why is the kitchen attached to the salad bar? Why the stupid cartoon building wall paper? The steak with tender but tasteless. Basically, it was a  bunch of blue collar workers who make less money than me acting like they were better than me. Lame.
4	This place is very outdated on the decore, and the customers are kinda older too, but they are on to something! they have a great salad bar and a great menu! everyone who was working there seemed happy and helpful.  The drinks are GREAT as well! Everyone I know loves the Monday night burger special........ $4 burgers with fries so they say! I stick with the fish and chips! they are amazing!
5	Absolutely love this place. Great regulars. Go in on Mondays for the cheap hand ground burgers. The Tenderloin Toast app is awesome!
4	The burgers are great. The decor is definitely old school, but the waitstaff are friendly.
3	I've driven by this place many times and never noticed it!! But per YELP...I found it. Went there a month ago.  Its not what you'd expect. A little dated inside, but the staff is very friendly. (Although, our waiter didn't stop by that much and it took a while to get our order in). Anyway,  I went there for dinner (party of 8) and we got our own little room practically. So it was nice to be able to not shout at anyone (like you do in most crowded restaurants). I ordered fish and it was really good (can't recall which one, sorry--white fish of some sort) And it came with their little salad bar option. (which was nice to be able to go up and get as much as you want). Overall I enjoyed this restaurant and would go back.
4	Definitely a fan! It's so not what you would expect from just driving by... Heck, they have beef wellington on the menu!!So far, I have only been for happy hour (twice) but it's a good one! The drink prices are great. As far as food, I've had the potato skins, fried zucchini (each $4 during happy hour) and the tenderloin toasts and spanikopita. The spanikopita was delicious! 5 small triangles packed with spinach, but what was most notable was the freakishly buttery taste to to the phyllo! And, by "freakishly buttery" I mean... AWESOME! The tenderloin toasts were great too. The bread was sliced thin enough that it didn't cut up the top of your mouth despite being crisp yet was sturdy enough not to crumble into pieces when you took a bite. The meat was tender and still pink. Packed with flavor! Talk about a neighborhood place. Went by today around 3:15 but they don't open until 4. Thought it was weird no one was behind the bar when I walked in, and it took a while for someone to come from the kitchen. The customer service was spectacular! First, he asked what he could get me, then he explained they weren't open for another hour so he'd be back in the kitchen getting stuff ready and invited me to just holler if I needed anything. And, still, he kept coming out to check on us offering to take a food order as soon as the kitchen was ready. Yay, Frank! You took great care of us. Thank you so much!! I'd totally recommend Feeney's!
5	Consistent is a great word to describe this place. The food is consistently great; the service is consistently great; the regulars are consistently there. (they're great too). It has a comfortable smoking/drinking patio and great prices during happy hour. The staff and owner is always (consistently) accommodating and friendly. You feel like you are part of the family here. Food I'd recommend: Any fish served Greek style, the Prime Rib, the burgers and definitely the fillet medallions with the gorgonzola wine sauce. All the food is good though and you gotta love the salad bar!
5	Feeney's is one of my favorite restaurants.  The back room is always quiet, the service is always excellent and the food is very consistently superb.  Prices are very reasonable, especially their specials.  Monday nights are so good in all departments that I'm almost a regular with my family and friends.Try it, you'll like it a lot.
4	Had a fun time here at Dottsy's UYE here.  Good cheap beer and burgers, on a Monday, and friendly service.
4	What a cute little place that I never knew existed. I arrived there on Monday night for UYE that Miss Dottsy put together for us. The best part about it was that they had no idea that we were coming. They accommodated us even though we caught them by surprise and we told them there would be at least a group of 15 of us. No problem!! The owners were so personable and the waitress we had OMG. Her name was Linda but I called her "Bubbles" because that woman has a very, VERY bubbly personalty and she made it a point to remember all our names all night. Now their were a few pros and cons..... Pros It was Monday night so the burgers were only $4.00. Although I didn't have one of my own, the bite that I did take was delicious and everyone said that they were good and juicy! The owners were super friendly. They even bought us a round of beer and gave us each a shot of Ouzo! (I had to declined but wow!!! You could smell the Ouzo seeping from our group lol) Happy hour prices are really great!! You can't go wrong here. Linda made sure everyone had separate checks without us even asking. Double score for that one. I was with a great group of yelpers. Definite plus. Cons Parking is a little difficult because the parking is small. But hey that just means you have to get there early! Their was a weird smell upon arriving. From what I understood, thier had been a back up earlier that day that had been fixed but the smell lingered for awhile. It almost made me leave because it was a little overwhelming. As the night progressed, it did air out. The area we were in, was very nice until it got dark. There was only one light in that area and made it very bright, but only on one side of the table The food that people ordered (aka the burgers) came out in weird spurts and some had to wait a ridiculously long time for their food. It was weird but not a huge deal. But it is still a con. Now will I go back? Absolutely. It really is a nicely hidden gem of a place.
4	I bought a few restaurant.com gc's & Feeney's was one of them. I have never been here, let alone heard of this place, but I checked it out on Yelp & the reviews were positive so I thought why not?! We arrived at about 8pm this past Saturday. It wasn't busy but it wasn't dead either, I would say there were about 10 other parties there maybe more. From the looks of the building & decor it seemed that Feeney's had been around for quite some time, definitely had character. For starters we ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms & I ordered a couple cocktails (strawberry vodka w/cranberry juice-yum!). The app was pretty good but it lacked flavor. I have to say Red Lobster's version is better. For our entrees, my hubby ordered the king crab legs & I ordered the filet medalions. You can't really go wrong w/crab legs, hubby loved them! I had a bite & the meat was sweet & very fresh. I am never one to clean my plate, but I finished my entire entree! The meat was cooked perfectly (medium-rare) & the mashed potatoes/asparagus were delicious as well. I wish I had received more asparagus though, only 2 pieces were given. Oh & I almost forgot, our meals came with their famous salad bar. Our salads were pretty good but kinda boring. I thought there would be more of a wow factor there but it wasn't a disappointment or anything since I am not really a "salad person". After devouring our meals we were stuffed but I wanted dessert for later so I ordered their mud pie to go. It was pretty standard but damn it was good. Chocolate cookie crust, mocha ice cream & chocolate ganache-freakin delish! With the $25 gc our total came to about $70 (including tip). Not cheap, especially for the area, but I have to say it was pretty good! We would definitely come back, I am curious to try their $4 burger special on Mondays.
5	Mmm i love feeneys and it also helps that its a redskins bar considering my boyfriend is a skins fan. We are there every Sunday morning
4	$4 dollar burger special Monday nights! Beer and drinks are a bit overpriced, but the week night specials are worth it.
4	What can I say? Feeny's has quickly become one of our favorite places for dinner.The hostess, Maria, is a star in every way: wonderful, happy, and its impossible to be a returning guest without a hug! Its just a bonus that she says "asparagus" with a Greek accent I find sexy, and my entire table laughs at me every time she says it! The busboy Nestor is usually our personal drink refiller, and a great guy all around.The salad bar is exactly the same as every 1970s salad bar at the steakhouse your parents dragged you to, complete with GOOD jello!Steaks are done really well, and its clear the chef cares about his customers. Maria will not hesitate to fix any that isn't perfect in her opinion, too!The Beef Wellington is a nice treat, as is the Tornado Oscar and other specialties. Definitely try the Osso Bucco and the Greek lamb chops!Decor isn't a strong point at all - its casual place and nobody cares how your dressed. The food is great and the staff is too!
5	Almost two decades and never disappointed.
4	Oh yeah. Now we are talking. This place is so old-school every time I go there I feel like I should be driving an Olds Toronado and wearing a Jantzen Shirt-Jac. I want to travel back in time and show up with Angie Dickinson on my arm and smoke a fat cigar in their bar while calling the waitress "sugar". I walk through the front door and suddenly it's 1972.And yes, these are good things.The ceilings are low, there are no windows to speak of, and the the brick arches inside recall something like a German rathskeller.Along with more modern dishes, the menu features old delights like Osso Bucco, Liver and Onions, and Beef Wellington. At the salad bar  you load up your pewter plate with julienned carrots among other things under a generic "Salad Bar" sign that probably came out of a Sysco catalog 30 years ago. Just behind the salad bar is the grill, steaming away under a large copper canopy. Watch and smell those delectable slabs of meat give up their aroma. An offering to the gods of polyester, Johnny Carson, and the man who reads Playboy.The martinis are adequate, though not killer. Actually they are probably made the same way they were back when the place opened in 1965. It's only recently that "superpremium" ingredients have raised the standard to lofty heights.On my most recent visit I had the grilled salmon-shrimp special which came with a couple of asparagus spears, a lemony-butter sauce, a few shrimp and steamed veggies for $21. Hey, as much as I fantasize I need to remember it's not 1972 anymore. Thanks to modern technology I know what my arteries look like. Though the flavors were good, I felt that both the salmon and the shrimp were both a little over-cooked. Overcooked shrimp are safe but rather tasteless. The sauce helped compensate, and the overall effect was satisfying.I looked longingly at my companion's prime rib, which was delivered exactly as ordered: Medium rare. The prime rib is the star of the show in a joint like this.There are nightly specials during the week that look like good values.Though I wouldn't change a thing about the decor, they do need to look after bathroom maintenance a bit, and some background music would be nice.I plan to return regularly to soak in that 70's flavor. I need to find some white shoes and a matching belt.
3	Great service, great ambiance.  LOVED the low arches and brick walls inside.  BUT Prime rib was barely warm, and broccoli was even cooler.  The bernaise sauce they brought was a bit curdled.  They were busy, but not swamped.  Maybe it was an off night.
4	Very good old school Steak restaurant that reminds me of how they used to be when I was a kid. It is kind of nice to see that a few places like this are still around. The prices are reasonable and the food is good. The service is superb. The best part is they serve dinner till 10 pm. My only complaint was the steaks are cooked a little more well done than most places so order it a bit less done than usual.
4	My husband and I had dinner here a month ago.  Always meant to eat here, but  20 years ago, we were too broke, and later we'd pass it, keep on driving and say "next time".    Then we were broke again... :-)  I bought a Restaurant.com certificate, and we headed over.Two words:   Really good.  Most of the reviews here sum it up well:  Retro, outdated decor.  Old-school salad bar which includes Jello.  Career wait staff.  Funky add-on, remodel areas.  Low ceilings.  Tight, weird parking.Our food was prepared perfectly to order.  I had the filet medallions with the gorgonzola wine sauce- yum!  My husband had prime rib, perfect. The salad bar was fresh with LOTS of choices.  Service was friendly and competent.  The mood in the place was familiar and comfortable- not a stuffy, pretentious feel.  I enjoy an eclectic mix of clientele, and that's what they have here.  No one looking to impress anyone by being at the local "who's who" location.    Just local folks wanting a good dinner, in a comfortable place.Three words:  We'll be back.
4	Cool local restauarant and bar. Good place for a low-key night hanging with the locals with no attitude. Awesome menu all priced very reasonably. $4 burger Monday RULES. We're talking a sirloin burger with fries. Best deal in town on a Monday night. They also have an amazing salad bar. Now on to the booze.....they have drink specials every night.The bar is a fun place to hang, and the bartenders are awesome, especially Sara and Scott. No matter how busy it is, they always make sure there's a not an empty glass or bottle in front of you, and they usually know exaclty what you want. Definitely a staple of local life here in Phoenix
5	Long time Cork N' Cleaver patron, first time Feeney's diner, and from here on out, this is my go-to steakhouse! For those people who miss the Cork (and who knows if they'll ever re-open since the kitchen fire last year) or love meat in general, this should be your ONLY stop for great food and service! It's old school, cozy, friendly, and phenomenally delicious! At first glance the place looks a little shady - like a neighborhood Irish pub your dad might hang out in. We almost missed the parking lot and when we saw the "saganaki", "escargot", and "spanakopita" on the menu I was a little weirded out but weird menu items and ancient decor aside, the staff is incredibly attentive and the prices just can't be BEAT! I mean, I don't know who else in this county serves quality 14oz slabs of New York strip or prime rib with all of the fixin's (including a FRESH all-you-can eat salad bar and bread) for only $27, and the mozzarella sticks? FUGHEDDABOUTIT!  Well, don't really because they are AWESOME! Feeney's has my heart and a customer for LIFE! My only regret is that I've lived here 7 years and am JUST visiting for the first time! What the heck?!
3	Went with a dinner group. The inside is a bit of a time warp. I know some people will love that kind of a thing.I had one of the specials: Chicken Cordon Bleu. Was very tasty with a mushroom cream sauce on top.I was disappointed with the salad bar. It was fresh and had good ingredients, but the way people on here talk about it I was expecting to see little bunnies walking your vegetables over to your plate or something. It's just a good, steakhouse salad bar people.Fogo de Chao this ain't, but it was still a tasty, quiet, charming restaurant that was a refreshing non-chain experience.
5	A old phoenix institution.  At one time this place was known as the cork and Cleaver.  Food is excellent, I had the Philly Cheese Steak.  I have not had one this good since I left the East Coast when i was there for school.  Great place to have some beers with friends and watch sports.
3	Went with a group to a happy hour with cheap burgers, and I mean they were like $4 or some really cheap price.  Decent burger with a good serving of fries with it.  What's to complain about?I'm not sure what the "pull" is about this place since it is tiny and dark, but the locals in this city seem to just "love" Feeney's.  Must be some kind of nostalgic thang that I am not getting yet.Regardless, I'd like to try their liver and onions in the future, but this really isn't my cup of tea otherwise.  Just another old institution in a major city that locals love is the way I see it....and nothing is wrong with that, too!
5	Best burgers in town.  Went with a co worker during lunch, food was great and service was wonderful.  A must vist again.
5	great bartenders and awesome burger special!
5	If you like that rustic, trip down memory lane type of steakhouse this is the place for you!The food and staff were great!  Do a check in w/ Yelp you get 10% off!
4	Great Monday special (cheeseburger & fries). Customer service always good. Owner even checks in with patrons.
3	Good solid Ma and Pa Restaurant.   I had no idea this Restaurant was here, and highly recommend you try if if you've never gone.The Atmosphere is quaint, cozy, and great for a date/conversation.
4	Monday nights you get a sirloin burger and fries for $4 -- awesome deal. Good burger. Add cheese, avocado, bacon, mushrooms, etc. for a small up charge. Get all you can eat (simple) salad bar for an additional $2.75. TVs with Monday night football in the bar and on the patio -- great, chill Monday night option.
5	Great place, very friendly and welcoming, excellent food.  Frankly it is one of my favorite steak houses in town, in part because the quality of the meat is excellent and the price is reasonable.  The decor is rustic and reminds me of the steak houses my dad loved when I was a kid.  You pay for good food and excellent service, not for glitz.  That's just how I like it.
4	I used to come for the booze (I actually still do!) but I wound up bringing my family in for dinner while they were visiting from out of town. Being the zealous consumer of lamb that he is, my father ordered the Greek-style lamb chops. Needless to say that every time he's in town, he HAS to go to Feeney's and have the lamb. He has since tried the pork chops (also Greek-style) and is just as much of a fan of those. I've brought in other family since who are also nuts about the lamb. So bottom line, if you're into lamb, come here and take it Greek-style!Not a lamb eater myself, I usually get the filet mignon. There is just something about the way the filet is prepared, old-school style and not a lot of bells and whistles. Bells and whistles are not needed because it's just so damned good: tender and flavorful. What else is delicious? The calamari is AWESOME-probably one of my favorite in any restaurant anywhere.The service here is above and beyond. Maria and George and the rest of the servers treat all of their customers like family which is why they have so much repeat business. In addition, you will never have an empty glass in front of you, whether is beer, wine cocktails, soda, coffee, even your glass of water is always refilled.Sure there are other places in The Valley that are fancier where the food comes to your table almost too pretty to eat, but that comes with a price tag and often a nice appearance is used to mask inferior quality. Not the case here, you always enjoy a good, down-home, no-nonsense meal with great service and all at a VERY reasonable cost.
1	First some of my background....20+ years as a waitress, hostess, catering captain, catering business owner.  We arrived at 5 pm on 12/31.  The first words out of the hostess/owner's mouth were "do you have a reservation?"  Not a good sign.  I snuck a peek at the reservation book, and there were a handful before 6 pm but no more.  I said that no, we thought we were safe coming in at 5.  She gave us the stink-eye and  proceeded to make a big deal about "finding" a table.  This while there were maybe 2 tables occupied in the whole place.We should have taken the opportunity to say "thank you very much" and turned around and walked away, but we did not...having been wanting to try this place for a long time.We sat and were waited on by the hostess herself.  Cordial enough, but no offering of a wine list or anything.  Clearly getting the bum's rush from the beginning.  We opted for a glass each of the house wine since no other options were given (generally we would order a bottle).  The wine was horrible, watered down and flavorless.  We ordered prime rib (Traditional cut) for $22 each.  Salad bar was small but good and fresh.  Meals were timed quickly after the salad was cleared.  Prime rib was decent, mine was not medium rare but more medium, barely room temp.  I had the steamed veggies which were done fine...husband had baked potato.  We were quickly offered coffee which we refused...at this point we couldn't get out of there quickly enough.  While the food was decent and the prices were reasonable, it was the initial treatment and the feeling of needing to free up the table that will keep us from ever returning.  Next time we will stay and have dinner at Dick's Hideaway where we had cocktails before venturing into Feeney's.
3	Sentimental college days date location!Revisited this old fav of mine and it was "cheese-burger night!  So a few of us had burgers which were delicious, but I had to stroll down memory lane and have my old favorite the base-ball cut sirloin.    All the food was very good and the salad bar was delicious and had not changed in 29 years!!   The proprietors were very hands on and involved with service the entire evening....very refreshing to see and independent locals place survive this O-Bama economy!Please give Feeney's a try!
5	I'm updating my review of Feeney's, as when I read the review of my initial visit, I was sort of shocked. It is now one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.First, make sure you check out their website for the nightly specials. Wednesday night is particularly great, with your choice of 5 freshly prepared entrees, including potato or vegetable, AND soup or salad for $10. Nice.Second, when you check in on yelp, look for the instant 10% off coupon. Immediately. For that use. Not a "10% off after 4 visits" or a one time use. Every time.Nice.Third, I am always a bit taken aback by the sincere friendliness of the staff, especially the owner. She always remembers us, even when we haven't been for a few months and we are always greeted with a big hug and a hearty "Hello! Welcome back!". Nice.Fourth, the salad bar that I was unimpressed with in my first review impresses me now not for its variety, but for its consistently fresh and always well stocked bounty. Not only leafy salads on the salad bar, but some slaws, a few pasta salad choices, and lots of very fresh veggies. And I'm a sucker for the carrots that have been shaved into curls and the cool fresh ground pepper mill. While you are getting your salad, the chef(s) will routinely visit with you, as the kitchen is right behind the salad bar. Nice.On my visit last night, I started with the onion rings as an appetizer. They were good. No flavorgasm like the ones at Durant's, but then how could they compete with those? I had the $10 special Salisbury steak with mashed potatoes and salad. Salisbury steak has been much maligned by the Swanson TV Dinners of old. When done right, and Feeney's does it right, it is a flavorful piece of ground prime steak. Here's a hint, if they ask you how you want your Salisbury steak cooked, you pretty much know it is going to be better than the chopped steak meal you are going to get at other restaurants. The mushroom gravy is an added treat for both the steak and the mashed potatoes. Another at the table subbed the fresh veggies for the potato, and they were a nice assortment of zucchini, squash, and broccoli. Not a limp, greasy garnish like you get some places if you opt out of the potato portion. Nice.Another hug upon our leaving. Goodbyes from the waiter and the bar staff. You can easily see why most of people you see in Feeney's are regulars. Count me as one now.
4	Excellent  Amsphere, great staff, and good food! Love this place!
4	Service was AMAZING. Tasty food. A family owned joint for sure. Everyone working there made sure we were well taken care of. 10% discount from Yelp. Comped dessert. Lovely conversation. If I'm back this way again I'll be back there.
5	Had a great night here with my boyfriend and new friends. First time and it was amazing. Food and service was above and beyond what I expected. The place is out of the way and looks dodgy from the outside but very warm and pleasant on the inside. Kinda pricey but worth it. We tried the London Broil and it was tender and well seasoned. Also had a "Envious Passion" martini....it was radioactive green and was sensational! I recommend this place for anything from hanging out with friends or family to a romantic dinner. Well worth it.
5	Had the Envious Passion, and was duly impressed.The salad bar was nice and fresh, and well stocked.The London Broiled was tender and delicious, the au jus was very savory.I had a wonderful time, and would love to return.
5	Old school yo!We're talking salad bar with beets, sunflower seeds and cottage cheese yo!We're talking prime rib of Flintstonian proportions! I met a group of good friends here recently. We were seated in a back (non window) room and my claustrophobia almost got the best of me. It was a pretty tiny room. Soon I decided it wasn't tiny. It was cozy. And soon the Coronas were a- comin' and the conversation was flowing.Our server, a delightful woman, was efficient and friendly. And a shout out to her just for handling a group of a dozen or so yelpers! Can you imagine waiting on us lol!?!?My prime rib and baked potato were pure perfection. The salad bar was fresh and fully loaded. Much like myself towards the end of the evening.The decor is all muraled-out if memory serves me. So there's a lot going on! So Feeney's you got a new fan! Great place to take my folks, out of towners or anyone I think is worthy of the Feeney charm!!!Yo!
4	I have been here on several occassions.  Most for the Monday night special $4 hamburger which is one of the best I have tasted.  Quality meat.They have specials every night and mostly the same things.  I had the prime rib special one night but nothing to write home about.,Salad bar is good but not great.  Not, a lot of choices, just average items.Small semi private dining areas with about 6 to 8 tables in each.Bar area which also has an area of dining tables.  Be sure if you sit at the bar to ask if the seat is reserved as there are locals who come in and if  you are sitting in their seat will let  you know.
4	This is a great little hole in the wall.Apparently theyre categorized as a steakhouse? Whatever. Ive never had a steak there but Ive tried a LOT of the rest of their menu. Delicious. Their reuben is my fave. I love the atmosphere here. It looks a little fancier than it is. Very chill.It's actually a great place to watch football on Sundays.Pro: technically, theyre a Redskins bar.Con: technically, theyre a Yankees bar.
1	Hated it!!!  I had a pasta dish and had to pay an extra $4 bucks for 2 tiny shrimp.  My husband had a burger, which I swear would have been on the kids menu anywhere else, because it was so tiny.  Our server had absolutely no personality at all.  Would not recommend this place
4	Hello, Phoenix history! This was the second location of the Cork N' Cleaver chain. Back when there was a Cork N' Cleaver chain. And not much has changed since.In my mid 20's I lived around the corner and was in quite often. Never had a bad meal. Granted - I never had a GREAT meal - but it was never bad.I moved away - then I moved back. While I am certainly not a regular - some of the specials are just too hard to pass by. Monday is CenPho is cheap burger night. $4 for burger and fries at Feeney's and Maizies, $5 at Vig and Vig Uptown. My mom's husband is not a big fan of Maizie's decor, so we have been frequenting Vig Uptown. I talked them into Feeney's last week - and it was a great trip down memory lane.Each of us went for the $4 burger special, and we each elected to add on the salad bar for $2.50.Nothing exceptional - it was a standard, good quality burger. Nothing flashy or showy - nothing you wouldn't have seen when they opened this location in 1965. And it still works. Well. Specials other nights of the week include fish & chips, liver and onions, fried chicken, salisbury steak and half rack of ribs - all for $10 each, and all including the salad bar.  Tough to beat that!In this town, it's not easy to keep an independently owned restaurant open. And keeping one open almost 50 years? Well, I think we can all count on one hand how many places have made that happen. The food is solid, if not spectacular, the service is always decent, the prices are fair and the portions are good - glad to have Feeney's in my area - it makes me feel like I am part of this town's history - and lets me step back in time a bit.The advantage of not having updated is when you get inside, it's easy to forget the outside world. You're in a little time warp with a full bar, well executed food and none of the worries of the real world of 2012.
4	This place was old school when it old school was in session.  I can't spot any changes since it was one of the original Cork N' Cleavers - maybe new carpet, but that may be it.The salad bar is so old school, it still has jello - not jello shots - jello.  And since, I'm old school, I'm a fan of the salad bar.Monday 4 buck burgers with 2.50 salad bar is the only food you'll require for the whole day.  Decent burger too.Good barkeeps - they remember your name or call you hon (old school).The food is pretty basic, but they start with decent ingredients and prepare them well.  Had the prime rib a couple of weeks ago and my view is that the only way to eat prime rib is to have it breath it's last on the way from the kitchen to the table.  It was early enough in the evening that they were able to deliver a tasty hunk of meat that was as requested.If you're into modern, contempo kinds of joints, Feeney's won't be for you - but if you're in the mood for dark, old school, slightly seedy (in a good way) - then Feeney's  might just fit the bill.
4	Confession - I am remiss in writing this review.Feeney's great meal and service was an excellent compliment to a great evening with friends!  You see, this raucous bunch took the place over on a Saturday night and while we were by far the loudest table they didn't mind a bit.  From @AZvern to @audreyrlwyatt to @TheDottsyZ to @ThomasWSmith to @lupnacca to @chrissyP71 to @cutepup8191 we all had a great time and enjoyed the old school food and service very much.
4	Definitely old school, kind of dark, well run place.  We had the trout special (17) and crab cakes (19)-- came with a full salad bar with all the fixings--a really nice salad bar.  Crab cakes were good and trout as well.  We had choice of fries, mashed, baked potato, fries, etc.  We had the mashed with gravy and fries.  The fries were extra well done as we requested. By the way, if you are not a salad person you can have one of their soups. Friday was Broccoli cheese or New England Clam Chowder.  They also brought us some steaming hot bread: pumpernickel and rye.  I don't know where they get their bread but it was amazingly good.  Our water glasses were kept filled.  Server was an older gentleman who knew how to treat a customer.  We were too full for dessert but noted that they were reasonably priced.  We had a coupon which they took without hesitation or questions.  Before we left,  we sought out the owners (new,only there two months) to tell them how much we enjoyed our meal.  By the way, there were no screaming kids in the place--maybe because it's a bar/restaurant  (Thank goodness).  We'll be back!
5	Great food and great staff.  The liver and onions is the best in town!  So much good food there is really nothing bad on the menu and the specials are always outstanding.
5	Amazing. The prime rib was the thickest, juiciest, and most tender I have ever had. The service was phenomenal. We were t there for a birthday they bought us desert and the entire staff was happy and friendly. I can't wait to go back.
5	Great place! Excellent prime rib. The staff and owners are very friendly and service is great. I love this place and go there frequently. It's a little neighborhood gem.
2	Read a number of good reviews here on this establishment. Last night, my friend and I had a hankering for prime rib so we decided to try Feeney's.We arrived and were seated promptly. Drink orders were taken. Iced tea only (my friend has been on the wagon over 25 years!!). Small glass, but was constantly refilled. Ordering was no problem. My friend ordered the small cut of prime rib (approx 10 oz) and a baked potato w sour cream and chives. I ordered the "Feeney's Cut" (the largest, approx 24 oz) of prime rib with rice pilaf. Dessert was fried ice cream. There is complimentary salad bar. Warm rye and pumpernickel breads and butter come with the dinners.Maybe the kitchen was having an off night. Maybe the vendor supplied substandard beef. Maybe the refrigeration was screwed up. I don't know. Let's start with the salad bar. All the usual fare: mixed iceberg lettuce, carrots, 3 bean salad, cottage cheese, cici beans, bacon bits, red onions, croutons, etc. There were four kinds of salad dressings, including ranch, russian and creamy italian. The ingredients were fresh, especially the lettuce. However, the salad bar itself was mildly cool, not cold. Otherwise the salad bar, in my experience, is nothing special.The prime rib orders arrived as we ordered them: medium rare. Small plastic cups of horseradish sauce and au jus were on the plates. My rice pilaf was starchy and stuck together. My friend's baked potato was underdone. After trimming off 20% of the meat because one end was all fat and gristle, both orders were a tad dry. There was no rub on the exterior; no salt, no cracked peppercorns, nothing. The prime rib is really nondescript. The fried ice cream dessert was well executed.The service was good. The iced tea server (that's all he does, apparently) was working overtime. I'd like to give this restaurant 2.5 stars because I find nothing about this restaurant particularly outstanding. They served us perfectly average fare.
4	A group of three of us went on a Wednesday night for the first time.  I ordered the salisbury steak (one of the Wednesday $10 specials) and it was fantastic.  It was thick and juicy and topped with a wonderful mushroom gravy.  The mashed potatoes were homemade and very, very good.  The meal came with the salad bar which was nicely stocked with fresh items.  It wasn't a large salad bar, but it was perfect for a pre-meal salad.Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  She had a lovely accent (Russian maybe?) and made sure we never ran out of beer.Overall, it was a fun experience and we'll definitely be going back.
5	Five stars for the prime rib!  The best I have ever eaten.
5	My hubby selected Feeney's for my bday dinner because I have been dying to try a Beef Wellington after watching Hell's Kitchen for years.  Pastry and beef, hello!!!  This place is one of those old school restaurants, tables, and feel.  I remember these places when I was a kid.  We were greeted right away and she turned out to be our server too.  Maria was awesome and her support staff.  Our drinks were never empty and they came to check on us multiple times but not to the point that they are standing over us.  We ordered:Chicken Wings with Ranch - Those little things are spicy but so crispy.  The ranch helped to cut some of the spicy.Cream of Broccoli Soup - Thick, creamy, and good.Beef Wellington - OMG, it was good.  It was so good, I could not stop eating.  The mash potato and gravy was a great side to go with my wellington.  Lamp Chops - My hubby loved it!  He said we are coming back!!!They bread that came with the meal was so good!!!  I ate both pieces of the rye.  My husband had the pumpernickel.The server found out we were there to celebrate my bday, so she bought me a huge slice of mud pie (ice cream).  It was so good and they sang happy birthday to me.  Too bad, I was only available to have a few bites.  I was so full from the wellington, but happy bday to my hubby, he inhaled MY mud pie.  =)
5	Great neighborhood Steakhouse and Good salad bar.the owners Maria and her son George are wonderful people who treat you right.
3	I came here with a group of friends for $5 burgers with fries on Mondays. We had to vallet park, which I didn't expect. We were seated promptly in a place that took me back to my childhood. It was almost like I was back in Maine in the 1980s going out to dinner with my parents. The decor...the servers...the salad bar. I skipped the burgers and just got the salad bar....it is very cool, but I was disappointed in the salad bar. There were no tomatoes and the potato salad was 100% mayo with some random pieces of potato. Perhaps I came on an off night, because my friends have been before and they love it. I'll give it another go and see if the salad bar experience improves.
1	I cannot believe the recent great reviews of this place! Had been meaning to go there for awhile and finally did last week as a pre-Christmas dinner, yuk! The place was dead on a Saturday night, we passed on the salad bar that looked lifeless and tasteless after our server basically forced us to go check it out. Mistake on her part as we saw some of the kitchen prep space that was filthy. The whole place seemed to be in need of a good cleaning. Now the food...I've never had a twice baked potato with so many lumps... My filet was cooked medium like I asked but no seasoning whatsoever...this place had me thinking of writing in to bar rescue or restaurant impossible for them! Definitely would not recommend or return, a shame we spent $80 here.
4	Great neighborhood joint! It's a place to go when you're craving good steak but don't want to pay steakhouse prices. The service is always excellent, and I don't think I've ever had a bad item on the menu.
5	We love this place.........we come here especially for the Prime Rib, and the awesome salad bar - who else has this anymore??!!Always amazing, always delicious........best little late-night gem we've found in a long while.
5	Super cute restaurant with great service. Fun, local atmosphere and family-like staff after just a few visits. Feeney's Steak Salad for life!
5	I've lived a rock's throw away from this joint for over 6 months now, and I didn't even realize the absolute gem that is Feeney's, until this afternoon!  I had heard an excellent review of their salad bar at work from a client, and decided to check it out!The overall feel of the place is welcoming, and up beat!  The dimly lit atmosphere is reminiscent of a dive bar (in a good way), but Feeney's is WAY cleaner and well maintained.  I saw a lot of reviews saying that the vibe was reminiscent of restaurants before major chains were the norm, and where as I may be a little young to remember such a time, I can see what they mean, and agree!Today, I actually decided to stop by to grab a quick salad to go (since I had heard that salad bar was awesome, and it is), but a quick look at their daily special (caramelized apple pork chop, oh em gee AH-MAZING!) and I knew it wouldn't be a salad dinner for me!  The menu has a lot of unique options that you don't see often, including their soup of the day, a Louisiana style seafood soup, london broil and even ESCARGOT!  I can honestly say I've never seen escargot on a menu before!  So I find their menu not only intriguing, but incredibly special! Some of their dishes are a little on the pricey side, but you certainly get what you pay for, not only in quality and quantity of the food, but also in SERVICE!I myself work in the service industry, and I know how frustrating it can be, but as a result, I hold customer service to a high standard.  Feeney's blew my standards out of the water!  It took only a few minutes to be greeted by Judy, the fabulous bartender, who gave me a lunch and dinner menu to browse through.  I had a few minutes before another gentleman (I'm sad to say I can't remember his name) offered me advice on what to expect from various dishes.  I ended up deciding on the special of the day (that super-delicious caramelized apple pork chop), and a chocolate martini (crafted deliciously by George, co-owner).Both George and Judy were so fantastic to interact with, even going so far as to introduce me to the cooks, and other patrons!  I even left with a bag of grapefruits to take to my co-workers tomorrow and A HUG!  Which is a big deal if you know me, because I'm a hugger! I've had some pretty awesome customer service in my day, but I can't think of a time or place when I have ever felt so welcome at an establishment I've never been to!  It's clear that the people at Feeney's take pride in their work and I can't wait to go back!From the menu to the staff, Feeney's is a breath of fresh air!  I would recommend this restaurant to ANYONE!
5	Feeny's is one of the best small restaurants in the city.  It has a very friendly atmosphere, great service, and the food is always well prepared.  I recommend the prime-rib.  It is excellent.  From the moment we enterned the place, our server referred to us as "baby" and treated us as if we were.  She was very attentive and never allowed our drinks to go half-empty.  I look forward to going back.  Feeny's is one of the best small restaurants in the city.  Go on Monday, it's $5 burger night and for an extra $2 you get an all you can eat salad bar.
5	Man, oh man ... I've just had the lunch I've been craving forever. If heaven made liver 'n onions, they'd be making it the way it's done at Feeney's. This restaurant has great food and drinks at great prices and a very down-home comfortable atmosphere.  And as my friend Eric mentioned, they treat you like family here - I love the service! Another reason I'm so very glad I moved into this neighborhood!
5	Amazing. We came for our anniversary and had made a reservation through open table (although reservations are not necessary). In the comment section we put that we were coming for an anniversary and as soon as we walked in we were welcomed they said happy anniversary. It really put a personal touch on our experience. The food and service are top notch and always amazing. We had prime rib and steak  medallions which I am already craving again. I can't wait to go back.
5	We found this gem of location looking for a great salad bar. The salad bar was fine but the rest of this place was just what we were looking for. Outstanding customer service from some of the most lovely people who work there and the owner and operators if the business.The food is done really well and offers diversity in a small but well done menu. If you are a meat eater this may be a good place to come and try out the prime rib. We have enjoyed everything we ordered here.We love Maria the owner and her son George they are a true hoot and nothing but a pleasure to know. Amanda is a super mixologist and is always up to my challenges. Judy is also a wonderful part of Feeney's family try getting past her without a hi or bye is not possible.In short this place has great food, atmosphere and people we simply love it.
4	This is an awesome whole in the wall for people who like to sit at the bar.  Bartenders are great, good peeps, and great foodies.  Give it a try when you are looking for the hole in the wall (but nice at the same time).
4	I went here last weekend with the BF's parents to see if we would like to have our rehearsal dinner here. When we first walked in, I wasn't 100% convinced because this place is old school....like what I remember a sizzler or something looking like in the 90's. The place is dark and it has an old school salad bar.... need I say more? But this place really surprised me with their excellent service and food. We started with apps (which is totally unnecessary because the portions here are out of control). We had the spinach dip and the potato skins....it was good, but typical bar food. I also had a couple mimosas because they were on special for 1$....heck yes! We then got our soup/salad bar. I had the soup and it was good, nothing terribly special, but not bad. Then the (humongous) entrees....I had the lamb chops and they were delicious! They were perfectly cooked and seasoned....super juicy, they reminded me of eating lamb chops at home as a kid....definitely delicious. The BF had the new york strip which was equally good. He got it medium well, and they managed to keep it moist and juicy....awesome! We all got twice baked potatoes with our meals, which were very good (how can potato and cheese and bacon and whatnot be bad?). We finished with mud pie, which was ok, but nothing special. Anyway, at the end of the meal (while I was sitting there dying of stuffedosity) the owner came over and spent the time to chat with us about how our party was going to be set up and what the room would look like. I liked how friendly and accommodating the owner was. We are planning to have our rehearsal dinner, so I will update after that! Definitely check this hidden treasure out!
5	We had a phenomenal anniversary dinner at Feeney's. Maria,George,Judy,Amanda, Angela, and the whole staff thank you so much for a night to remember it was really special and we were happy to spend it with you!
4	This is a real fun hidewaway in Phoenix.  You have to put it on your list and stop in now and then.  The staff and peeps there are really friendly and accommodating.  The food is also very good (unbeatable salad bar) and some pretty good steaks.  Had the ribs but did not care much for it.  Fun bar area as well if you go on a monday-thursday when they are not crowded (bar only holds about 10-12 or so).  Anyway, mark it in your books and we'll see you there!!
4	I found Feeney's on Yelp.  Many good reviews so I thought we should give it a try.  I am so glad we did.  We visited for dinner.  You would probably drive right by it if you did not know it was there.  As far as decor goes, the restaurant is a throwback to the eighties for sure.  It was very clean though.  I had the Oscar Tournedos and my husband had the Prime Rib.  Both were excellent!  Our waitress, Maria, was a very nice woman.  Attentive but not overly so.  She seemed to know everyone that walked in the door.  It was easy to see that once you eat here, you will be back.  The salad bar threw me off a bit, but I liked the fact that they had cold, metal salad plates.  Everything was fresh and their vinaigrette was delicious.  My dish was beautifully presented.  My husband had fries with his Prime Rib.  They were thick cut but they were perfectly crunchy on the outside and light and tender inside.  Prices were very reasonable.  I am excited to go back for lunch next time.  If you have not been here, you must try it.!
4	Always enjoy it here. The Monday burger special is always good. If we're having drinks we the margaritas.
4	Feeney's is a great old school neighborhood restaurant. They have awesome specials ($4 Burgers on Mondays, $10 bottles of wine) and the food and ingredients are always good quality.Last time I was there I had the baby back ribs and they were delicious. Fall off the bone, incredibly moist and the sauce was tangy and yummy.I love the salad bar, it has canned beets as an option and I think that rocks. It also has garbanzo beans and potato salad.. Yum! The service is great and they make you feel like family. I'll definitely be back.
5	Feeney's is the best! I have been going for years and it's always been amazing. The salad bar is always a favorite. It's always fresh and packed with great veggies. The prime rib and the prime rib sandwich are the best I've ever had. I've tried a lot of prime rib at very expensive restaurants and Feeneys is by far the best. The sandwich bun is so soft and so delicious. The meet cooked perfectly at medium rare. I can't say enough about this place, the food, the service, the owners are all amazing. It's like your neighborhood Cheers where everyone knows your name, but the food is amazing to match!
5	It's burger Monday! This place has the best salad bar prepared fresh everyday and uses the freshest high quality meats. A true central phoenix landmark that caters to generations of loyal customers. Amazing and friendly staff and owner make it feel like cheers... where everyone knows your name!
5	Despite Nikki Jo M's negative review I think its important to experience feeny's for YOURSELF. I have never given nor heard a poor recommendation when it comes to this place. You will find this establishment has a lot of character to offer which is largly in part why they have so many returning customers. It is true the staff and their clientele have often been compared to the environment of the popular show Cheers because indeed everyone inside is very familiar with one another making for a very comfortable environment. Doesn't matter if its your 100th time or 1st time in Feeny's. For this reason it is always a good time here; whether you're meeting for drinks or dinner. Everyone inside is extremely welcoming and gracious, nothing but good people. If the people nor the atmosphere is satisfying enough, the food alone makes up for any dissatisfaction. The menu has a wide variety of items including classics as well as new dishes, all delicious! They are known for their salad bar along with their high quality meats, including some of the best prime rib in central Phoenix. I've been frequenting Feenys for a few months now and will continue to do so as the food along with the people continue to make for a pleasurable experience. I highly recommend Feeny's to people of all ages and backgrounds.
5	Feeney's is definitely my home away from home. My second family that welcomes me with hugs and kind words each time I visit. The food, the atmosphere and employees are all wonderful. Feeney's has helped me create many great memories, which is the reason I will ALWAYS return. Thank you guys!!
4	When you walk into this place it reminds me of the movie Good Fellas. My brother turned me onto this place and it is fantastic. Family owned and operated. Just the nicest group of people. And the food, although not all heart smart from what I could see at our table, was quite delish!
4	My girlfriend and I had come in here on Saturday. I was planning to bring her on a Wednesday but she was so moody and angry...it was hard to accomplish anything with her. Wednesday is when they have some pretty good specials at good prices I hear, Thursday, and one other day I believe. In any which case, the parking wasn't bad...I got a spot up front. However, the parking lot was like a strip design so if you have a large SUV like I do, you might have issues with reversing and leaving, etc. The place looks pretty old school. There' s a small patio in front for smoking and presumably eating as well with some coasters and a TV inset...was pretty nice. There's a small bar to the right when you go in and a salad bar and probably the cooking area front to the rear. I presume the bathroom is off to the side as well. When you get in, there's a small waiting area/lobby to the left. It looks pretty comfy on the couch. We were shown our seats immediately. We waiting a few minutes for our server to get our drinks while guys were cleaning up our table off to the corner meant for two. They were quick about it and the busboy made some small talk, everyone seemed fairly friendly. After our waitress took our drink order and appetizers which, was a potato skin appetizer we got free since I checked in on Yelp!Mobile and crab stuffed mushrooms, we probably waiting another 15 minutes for her to come back and take our order. My girlfriend picked out a filet mignon med-rare with rice pilaf and a side of steamed vegetables instead of the soup or salad. She didn't want a salad and they were out of soup of the day or the soup. I got a New York strip steak with a rice pilaf and a salad. You can either get your salad before or after entree. I went ahead and got the salad before entree since I'm a fat kid that needs to fill as fast and often as possible. They have a salad bar which has some pretty decent selections. There some macaroni stuff that I wanted to try too but I didn't, sadly. About 10-15 minutes after I got my salad, the steaks and stuff came. My girlfriend thought her steak and food was pretty good. I thought my steak was pretty good even though it looked way more rare than I usually would get. Let's be honest, when she asked me how I wanted my steak, I wanted to tell her, "breathing." Heh, a page taken right out of Chuck Norris' book.Anyways, the food was good. The check came out what I expected and we left pleased. I would come back again since my girlfriend liked it here.
4	Feeneys is a solid neighborhood old school restaurant that has been doing things right since waaaayyy back in the day.  Service: We were greeted in a warm and friendly manner. Staff was polite and cordial and checked up on us without being intrusive. They made us feel like we were regulars, even though it was our first time dining there. Food:Wife had the liver & onions and I had the Prime Rib, which were excellent in terms of quality and price. Nothing is going to make you go "OMG greatest meal ever" but you will leave like "dang, that's a darn tasty meal, with excellent service, and solid price, shoot.. im coming back" and with that we definitely will be making the 30 minute commute to visit again.Salad: I love the old school salad bar!!! Steel plates, bacon bits, macaroni salad and awesome dressings? Heck Yes. Bread: Warm and soft. Good, wish they brought more!Dessert:Pretty solid. Basic usual suspects. Cheesecake, Ice Cream, Pie, Brownie.Atmosphere:Nothing fancy, but clean and orderly. Nice murals on the wall. Did I mention their salad bar harkens back to when salad bars were a staple requirement of a solid supper club? Dude. Go there now.
5	I frequent Feeneys after work for drinks and to relax on their outdoor patio. Great place to meet with coworkers, friend and family. The food is execelent. Monday burger madness is hard to beat. Daily specials are budget friendly,
5	Omg. The hubby and I ate here last night for dinner on our random getaway to Phoenix AZ.  Its a diamond in the rough!  The staff was so amazing. You felt the love when you walk in the door... the food was so tastey!  And never once was our cup empty! We were so full and satisfied Well worth the drive from Riverside CA. The hubby says we'll definitely be back!
5	I've been here a couple times now and like it more, and more each time. First off they have the best Saganaki I've had in a restaurant, the cheese is very sharp and salty like it should be, and the portion size is very generous compared to most other places. I love the old school salad bar- ice cold metal plates, bacon bits, beets, macaroni and potato salads, jello, etc, reminds me of restaurants I went to as a kid. The dressings are really good and homemade, I heard one of the employee's dictating the recipes to another last time we were there. I've had the pork chops, a couple pasta dishes and the fish and chips, all were very, very good. The tartar sauce w/ the fish and chips was so good, it was surprising. That had to be homemade as well. Last time we were there we had the Mud Pie for dessert, another old school item, and it was huge and delicious. The staff is always super friendly and on top of everything. Great, great place and I'm looking forward to more great dinners here.
4	Great food.   Even better service.   Lamb chops must be ordered Greek style.  Made my family feel like their family.   Even went out to find me matches for a birthday cake.   You'd be a fool to skip this restaurant.
5	Went here again for the second time in 3 months, and like the first time I was not disappointed. The owner, Maria, is wonderful and so nice, and the rest of the staff is great as well. The food is so good, I have tried the Prime Rib and the Beef Wellington, both are worth eating again and again.
5	I came to Feeney's looking for steak with my family. I ended up ordering the lamb chops which did not disappoint. However, I finished off the remains of a teriyaki steak, and loved every bite. The mashed potatoes were tasty, and the gravy was excellent. The salad bar at Feeney's was a pleasant surprise that both I and my family enjoyed. If you're looking for a Greek restaurant, Feeney's is the place to go.
4	This is a local gem! From the outside it doesn't seem like much. However, the owner, employees, & food is awesome. Try the salad bar & make sure you get some potato salad. It's the best potato salad I've ever had. The prime rib is always a good choice too. I love how cozy & comfortable you feel when you're dining here.
5	So glad we found this place on yelp!! This place knows how to do potatoes... We tried the potato skins, mashed and a twice baked... all were quite tasty! Happy hour every day from 3pm-7pm. Service was on point!
4	Wil definitely be back to this neighborhood, family owned establishement. Hospitality and service was outstanding! Beautiful cut of prime rib served with perfectly blended horseradish and a side of au jus. Salad bar was a full salad bar. I came in as a solo diner and was treated wonderfully. The only draw back is walking through the outdoor smoking section to enter the restaurant. Probably would not bring younger kids, but this is a space that older school age kids could experience a really great meal without too much expense. did not use the check-in bonus as I checked in after I ate --
1	I went to this restaurant, the food was priced expensive, $26-$48! I don't mind paying for that if the food is that great, this was not... The mashed potatoes were a ball with this dark brn stuff that had chunks (who serves burned gravy?!). I live in the neighborhood and was very disappointed, not returning...
5	Awesome family run business !  Super tasty salad bar. A really nice variety of entrees, and daily specials as well.
1	Hmmmmmmmm.  The website is down, the phone number not working.  I'm thinking the joint is closed.  I'll check it and get back to you.
4	I came here for dinner one night because there are always cars in the parking lot and I live close enough to walk. The atmosphere was nice. It's old school yet romantic and laid back.The salad bar is just a salad bar. There is nothing that makes it a great salad bar but I do like salad so I did eat some! I ordered the prime rib with mashed potatoes. The prime rib was very good. There was tons of fat on my piece but that's pretty normal.  The potatoes were great.  I was shocked because you can tell they are made in house and so many places now used instant stuff.The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it's a little overpriced for the area.
5	The fish and chips and salad bar were great.The waitress was friendly. I liked the atmosphere.
4	This was a little gem of a place we happened to find, good food, good service, funky older location, try it!
5	This restaurant is so wonderful !! Excellent food and the bartender / slash waitress named Judy is so so friendly and kind and personable !!! She makes the visits there so special.  She loves kids and always has a hug and a smile. Great food and salad bar.  Real neat and unique atmosphere.  Grreat customer service !!  A pluss !!! :)
4	Feeney's is a tradition in my family...It is my mom's favorite place to grab a bite. Let chomp down and Opa Opa Opa at Feeneys..~The Good~Service. Hooo boy, the service. As soon as you walk in its like your family is welcoming you in. I am not a big "don't touch me bro" kinda guy, but the hostess (and I presume owner) is a sweetheart. She took me by the shoulder, made me feel amazing and took me to my table. I had a bunch of flowers for my mother and she made sure I got a big pitcher of water to dunk them in. I did not ask but she was persistent I needed the pitcher. Now its one thing if the service is great, but its another if they provide smiles but crap food...not here.I got the Pan Fried trout in Lemon Caper Sauce...out of this world. I rarely get fried foods, but it wasn't drenched in oil. The sauce was a bit salty adding the capers in, and really meshed well with the trout. I will try my damnedest to replicate that recipe now. I love trout, and boy did they hit a home run. The salad bar which is attached with almost all meals here also hit the spot and was delicious. Happy hour was available, with almost all drinks being 3 bucks, including wine and well drinks. I got some Cabernet, which tasted about right, not bad, not amazing, just right for the dinner I had. As for the ambiance and mood, I love it. Quiet and comfy, the lights are perennially dimmed, creating a cozy atmosphere. The staff who are quick to refill drinks and always helpful keep the ambiance rolling strong. I also like the slight hints towards Greece on both their menu and on the murals inside. Very much an independently owned restaurant vibe, which as you know well I really really dig.Finally, their menu is eclectic, especially seafood. They have 4 seperate fishes on their main menu at any time: Pike, Trout, Salmon, Orange Roughy. That's pretty damn good for a small mom and pop place. They fly the Pike in directly from the lakes of Minnesota fresh, which is great. Overall, strong food selection as well outside of seafood, with dishes like Beef Wellington and London Broil to note. ~The Bad~Its an older location gang. You see all the reviews mentioning the former tenants and such. You can go outside, look at the roof and notice its older right away. Inside the walls are mainly filled with murals and it is dimly lit. Some people may not like this set up...actually I know a ton of people who hate any place relatively quaint and dark like this. Too bad for you. Also the prices are a bit high...$17.99 for my trout dinner? A bit much. They have to make their money somehow, and fish spoils quickly so I get it...but still, for trout? Oh well, thats my only real gripe.~The Downlow~I saved the best for last: Their Happy Hour. This place has a spectacular happy hour guys. Every day is a new food special, so you never will go a day without a real kick ass special. Some days it isn't a price special, but a different food item. For example they had Walleye Dynamite the other day, which my father said was very good. Their Tuesday (I believe) Burger Special is especially of note...very inexpensive.They get 4 stars for strong service, quaint ambiance, Great Happy Hours/Daily Specials, and a good selection on the menu.  Enjoy a Phoenix tradition and stop by Feeney's!
1	I am pretty dissappointed with this place.    I used to think it was a great spot.  But I met a friend here on a Sunday.   Had some iced tea. Did not get one refill and we were there for an hour and a half ! But we we're charged still for two iced teas.  Six bux!!!! I was a regular there.  But I won't be after that.  Terrible customer service.  I'll find a better place to take people to. Very bad customer service.   Not a place I'll be introducing to anyone ever again.
4	I'm a regular. A nice Greek family owns the place. They remember me and treat my family and guests like royalty.I stopped by near closing one night after taking the kids to look at Christmas lights. To my surprise they made a couple of phone calls and next thing you know, Santa Claus was at my table.5 stars for service. 4 stars because food quality has been inconsistent. Never bad, but one of their chefs is hands down better than the others.
3	Nice quaint little restaurant. Nothing major negative to say but overall it was not what I was hoping for in a quality restaurant. If you are going to price like an upscale steakhouse then you should deliver like an upscale steakhouse. This was really nothing more than a nice neighborhood restaurant. Would not return.
5	Awesome food...awesome service....and drinks will flow! Take your date or your whole family you will enjoy it Bill (Chandler)
5	Yum! Where do I start...from the Saganaki (flaming cheese) appetizer, Awesome Salad Bar, Amazing Entrees...Everything is Delicious!!! Today I had the Filet Medallions over Gorgonzola cheese mashed potatoes...OMG! So yummy! And of course the staff is amazing! Love Maria, George, Judy and all!! Highly recommend it!
5	This was the first place my uncle brought me to when I moved to Phoenix. I just retired from the military, from the moment I walked into feenies I felt at home, Maria and Judy have a way of making you feel at home.  I ordered the club sandwich with French fries and a salad bar. The best steak fries and freshly ground pepper with the salad bar I was hooked. As I continued to visit feenies and have become a regular, everyone that works and visits feenies has become my second family. I've explored the menu and it just keeps getting better and better, I've also made some odd requests (gravy and rolls), and George is always there to accommodate my every request.  Amanda  the bartenders joyful spirt is always appriciated. I bring all my friends and family to feenies, and the whole crew always makes everyone feel at home. The new brunch menu is amazing, George is the master mind behind it and he continues to make great progress.
5	AWESOME steakhouse, and coming from me that is quite a compliment.I don't order prime rib out because so many places it just isn't that good, and I never order steaks out because I know how to grill them awesome at home. BUT I would gladly order either at Feeneys! Matter of fact, they are my gold standard for prime rib!Super friendly service, comfortable but very nice ambiance, nice neighborly bar area, and an awesome salad bar. Lots of great specials, I think it is Tuesdays that you can get their angus burger for $5. Best beef spot in town, great place to impress a date!
5	We just enjoyed our Christmas company party there for the third year in a row. Everyone loved their selection for dinner. For a small place, they handled our service for 18 nicely. Thanks to all!
4	Wonderful French bistro in SoHo. After a day of walking in the City, was able to Feeney's Restaurant and Bar in with my fiancee without a reservation because they had an open table at 6pm. Service was excellent and food was delicious, particularly the bread, ravioli appetizer and frites (possibly the best frites I've had). The restaurant had a warm and vibrant feel. Had the added luck of sitting at a table across from Ewan McGregor
4	Still the standard by which all others are measured.
4	great atmosphere... great porterhouse....
4	The decor immediately catches your eye. It's very inviting, yet with a vintage feel. You definitely feel either a time warp or a country warp. We really liked it. Gave us a free app for checking in on Yelp. I started with the salad bar, then got ribs, a double baked potato and veggies. It was good. The double baked potato was amazing. They brought us a free dessert. The staff was friendly, the restaurant was clean and the prices weren't too high. I would for sure go back.
5	Loved this place!! We all ate excellent food (salad bar, soup, chicken marsala, lamb chops, chili, prime rib and delicious sweet-potato fries!) and were treated so nicely by Maria and taken care of so promptly by Sandy and Nester. Maria's son, John, cooks beautifully in the kitchen. Great food and ambiance...don't pass it up!
4	We had booked Feeney's for our 1sth Wedding Anniversary meal. From the time of booking and throughout the whole meal the service was excellent.
4	What can i say? For a perfect, albeit expensive evening of luxury dining, there's nothing like Feeney's Restaurant and Bar.
