3	Meh. This location still has a few wrinkles to iron out. Been there twice so far the first (early in the a.m.) was friendly, fast, efficient. Our server was someone you would expect to be named Flo, she was awesome. The second time was in the afternoon and was weird. The staff seemed confused, we had 3 different servers say they would be right with us, the one we ended up with kept suggesting meat entrees after I told her im a vegetarian and knew what I wanted already. The food is what you expect from an ihop.
3	Getting into this place at 11am on a Sunday is harder than getting into  Ft. Knox! Sadly, the food is not really worth the wait, but it's IHOP or Eat 'n Park, so what you gonna do? It could have been my fault. I tried their biscuits and gravy, and they were destined to disappoint. Maybe I'll stick with just eggs and hash browns next time I have to go out for breakfast. On the upside, the service was quite friendly and fast.
1	First impression(2/5) : I made the mistake of going here on a father's day... extremely crowded! We had to wait 25 minutes! As we were waiting outside one of the "chefs" came out for a smoke break and his clothes were FILTHY. Every fiber in my body wanted to get back in the car and leave but my husband and friend really wanted to eat here. This ihop hasn't even been open for a year but it definitely didn't look new. Customer service (0/5): HORRIBLE! Our waitress had an incredibly bad attitude. She was super rude and was acting like we were wasting her time by taking our orders. I'm really curious how she got the job because there was nothing friendly or personable about her demeanor. You know those type of people that NEVER smile and everyday is a bad day for them... that's our waitress. When she came to our table she didn't introduce herself, she just said, "What do you guys want!" Oh, and they didn't clean off the table before we sat down. There was syrup everywhere. She didn't check on us until we were done with our meals. We also didn't get a refill until we were done with our meals. I was thirty as a mug! Food (2/5): one word - Sloppy! I ordered chicken strips and "seasoned" fries. I don't really like breakfast food that much. When my plate came, it looked like they just threw it on the plate. Their version of "seasoned" fries is regular fries with a sprinkle of season salt on top. SUPER LAME! On top of the lame fries they only gave me a few. Never coming back...ever!
2	I was so happy when I heard that this location had opened. We patiently waited a few months for all of the hype to die down and for all the kinks of opening a new restaurant to be gone before we went. So Tamika and I went on a weekday around 8am. We were seated immediately and ordered our drinks. A couple minutes later our drinks came. We then ordered our food. I got steak and hash browns with a stack of pancakes. Tamika got some type of breakfast platter with pancakes, eggs and corn beef hash. My steak tasted like liver but the hash browns were tasty and the pancakes were delicious! Tamika liked her platter but ,had to repeatedly remind the server to bring her corn beef hash. It was gross once she got it! It looked like it came out of a can! The service sucked. Our waitress had really crappy attitude! Once we got our food our waitress vanished off the face of the earth for at least a half an hour. What I don't get is by 8:45 there were about 20 to 30 people waiting to be seated and they had a whole empty section but wouldn't seat anyone there. WTH? It's like when you wait in a long line to get into a club and when you finally get inside there's only 5 people in the whole club. I had to constantly ask for a refill on my OJ and Tamika's coffee. I love IHOP and have been to quite a few in different states but this location was a complete disappointment. I would have been much happier at Pamela's or even the Original Pancake House! Insider tip: Get here between 8 and 8:30 to avoid the morning rush.
1	IHOP's should not be allowed to close!Ok maybe they were waiting a while to build a customer case but they've been around quite long enough to staff 24/7.I am so severely disappointed. My friends and I showed up around 2.30am on Saturday night, not even thinking that an IHOP could be closed but it was closed!And now reading the Yelp page, I see they close at midnight. Big FAIL IHOP, big FAIL. For goodness sake, I had to go to Eat 'n Park instead! Oi vey.
3	While I can't speak to earlier service when iHop first opened I can say that my experience was good. Our server, Ciara, was attentive and cheerful. Our food came fast and was tasty. I made sure to write into corporate and compliment their service, something I encourage people to do for chains. These folks always hear about how badly they're doing, seldom about how good.I rate the food as a three star but the service as a four.
2	We stopped in here after visiting Kennywood's Christmas Festival of Lights, and we were totally underwhelmed.  To be fair, we didn't order on the breakfast menu, but I was really unimpressed with the dinner choices.We had a good server, and I love that they bring you a pot of coffee for the table, but the good news stopped there.  I got a chicken salad, and it was full of those little nasty chunks of chicken you buy by the freezer bag at Walmart.  My husband got a cheeseburger, which was small, flat, and nothing to write home about.I'll probably give this place another shot for pancakes at some point, as that is their specialty, but I'll not return for dinner.  I think we chose this place because we wanted something a little less expensive, but hopefully better than Eat n Park, and it was actually neither.  It was also a little odd to me that there's a huge "NO WEAPONS" sign on the door when you walk in.  I really hope people aren't bringing weapons into pancake restaurants.
4	Service here is great!  This wait and server staff seemed happy to be there.
2	Came on a Saturday afternoon.   We wanted to wait for the rush to be over I guess we waited to long.   Came in there was no hostess and we waited 4 minutes before anyone even acknowledged we were there. NO one was upfront.. It wasn't busy and there was plenty of staff there. We were showed to a table that wasn't bused and had to wait for them to clear it. There are plenty of other tables open but we had to sit here.  It took another 15 minutes for us to place our order.  The waiter was very nice and even though he didn't refill our drinks he was very pleasant.  Of course our order took forever to arrive and it was wrong.  I will stick with the one in Robinson,
4	Went here on a busy Sunday morning pre-Steeler game.    20 min wait.    Big menu.  Food was great (came out a little slow but like i said, it was super busy).   I'm a server and the server we had was outstanding.   His name was Abdul.   Super polite and attentive.   Couldn't have been more satisfied having him.
3	I visited on Sunday morning and our meals took 35 minutes to arrive - a bit slow even for a busy day. Today, the restaurant was close to empty and our order still took 20 minutes to arrive. Plus the kitchen forgot one order of pancakes. These took an additional 15 minutes... The food is good once it arrives and the service is great. I think the problem is in the kitchen. If they can get it together this restaurant will be 5 stars.
4	You know, I used to have this out of town romance that left a sweetness in my mouth.  The only way I could get a fix was if I left Pittsburgh behind me and headed for warmer climates.  Not so much anymore, you made me happy IHOP with finally opening your doors a few years back here in the region.As for the most recent visit to your lovely location outside of Greenfield/Squirrel Hill, there were many ups, and a few downs.  I was going to do the ups first and then do the downs, but they kind of mix together so I'm just gonna go through it all at once.Congrats on finally being open 24 hours!  Not so big congrats to advertise it.  I didn't notice it on the sign if you were open 24 hours, and the parking lot looks shady when you pull up and see no cars in the lot and you have to do a parking lot circle to make sure.  The lettering you use on the door is quite small too.  Even with my glasses, I was still squinting to see if you were open.  As soon as I saw '24' on the door, the car went into park and I was heading for the door.As late as it was at night, my friend and I were the only two people besides the workers in the building.  Big plus for us, no wait.  Service was super fast if you couldn't have guessed.Here's something I learned as well, the menu changes at 10 p.m.  Not a big deal for me as I was getting pancakes, as it is the International House of Pancakes.  As for my friend, she was really hoping to get the garden crepes.  So when the server came our way to take the order she went back to ask the cook if she wouldn't mind making it for her and the answer was something along the lines of 'Sure, I'll make it.'  Big props for making these two customers feel happy about that.  One thing, my sausage did end up looking like bacon...but I ate it anyway.OK, so this has to be categorized as a down, there's no way to put a happy spin on it.  The bathrooms...what in the world went on in the bathroom?  It looks as if somebody was having a battle royale in the one.  Maybe somebody was fighting a demon much like they do in the show Charmed.  I mean thank god I didn't mistake the Styrofoam cups for having anything else but soap in them.  Also, this place is really showing it's wear.  It hasn't been open that long, but it sure needs a bit of TLC and updating.
1	Bad. I will not waste my time listing the what is wrong with place. If you need ihop, go to the Robinson location. A waiter named Deez is a bad sign.
1	It's disgusting. Should be called the International House of Poop. The one's in Philly are better.
1	Second time we went and they were not making things listed on their menu.  Went specifically for their heavily promoted Crepe Cake, but they didn't feel like making it that day.  Won't go back to be disappointed again.
1	The store service was horrible! Bacon was so overcooked, eggs tasted very weird, coffee was oversweet and tasted nasty. The server was like half asleep and didnt even take the right orders.
5	I ate here number of times and I never had a bad experience. Their breakfast are the best around. Only once did I ordered a dinner meal (it was OK), but I prefer their breakfast.
5	I enjoy the Colorado omelette every time I come I am never disappointed. Service the crew does well food comes when it is done. Thanks IHOP!!!
1	Who wants to wait an hour for cold food?! Terrible service with a side of burnt bacon is what you can expect here. God forbid you need silverware.
5	I had a lovely break fast at this IHOP this morning. Our waitress, Leslie could not have been friendlier or given better recommendations!  I ordered their new Cinnamon French toast, which was to die for!  It reminded me of eating Cinnabon--which I also love!  I love that each table gets it's own coffee pot! Service was prompt!  I really enjoyed my meal at this location and plan to visit again next time I am in Pittsburgh!
1	Ok, as I write this review I realize IHop is not the finest-of-dining establishments, but I still feel like there is a certain-albeit minimal- expectation, and this experience didn't even live up to that. We got there, were seated and the waitress took our drink order. So far, pretty good. Then we ordered. ..Taking our order the waitress did not write it down, which I know a lot of servers don't anymore. If you are a seasoned server and can remember all that, go for it! I applaud a person being able to remember the orders of multiple people, the changes, substitutions and all that and not get wrong. I didn't know until our food came that our waitress was not a seasoned professional and could not handle the order of two people without getting it incorrect. I got an omelet without the onions. My bf got a custom kind of thing were you get to pick two of this, two of that or whatever. He also ordered and extra 2 pieces of sausage. The food comes and the first tip off that she was new to the serving world was that she asked us if the pancakes looked like the pancakes we ordered. We were confused, obviously, so she explained that she knew he ordered blueberry pancakes but she didn't know if the cakes she brought out to him were blueberry or  not. REALLY! Being the private eye that I am I looked at the pancakes and said no, they are not blueberry. Being the easy going guy the bf is, he said it was fine. Problem #2 he noticed he didn't get his sausage so he asked about he reminded her. She admitted she forgot and said she would place the order for the extra sausage and because she forgot and the pancakes were wrong she would not charge us. We were all but done eating by the time the sausages came but the best part is when she brought the forgotten links she asked, AS SHE WAS PUTTING DOWN THE PLATE, if we wanted our check now. I always thought it was customary to let the guest eat before paying! (Also, keep in mind that by this time she had not checked in on us once! Not for water of coffee refills or even just to see if our food was ok! And the poor bf was dehydrated because I drank all his water after I finished mine.)He just says oh sure that's fine (because he's the easy going one), and noticed she did charge us for the sausage, Now, it was $1.59 so it's not about the money but the principle. He was going to pay it, I am the other hand am all about the principle. Still not angry (upset, annoyed, miffed or any negative emotion) mind you I showed her the bill and asked about the charge. She looks at me like I was crazy and trying to rip her off, rolls her eyes and says "OK fine I'll take it off." and storms away. All those negative emotions I was not feeling, I am beginning to feel. So to avoid conflict we wait calmly for our pay and proceed to the register to pay. Another server, the one seating and taking the final bills, comes over and takes our check. I had a couple of gift cards, which is why we went, and she tries to process the transaction. It apparently wasn't working so the girl tries again this time telling the computer it sucks and muttering annoyances, jabbing the touch so hard it was rocking. The bill was $18 and some change.  All I wanted was the dollar and change to for a tip for the horrible dinner, BUT NOOOO I have to argue with the girl to get my Dollar and change! Now, I don't know if I was in the right or not but I was NOT going back after that bad experience and didn't feel like I should have to forfeit my change. In the end I did get my change, left it and a couple extra singles for the tip and left.
2	It was labor day 2014.  We arrived at 9:30 am to a packes restaurant.   Simple breakfast food was ordered.  It took half an hour before some of our food was brought to us.  We all got some of our order, but had to wait for things like bacon, sausage,  and my toast which took 20 minuets to get to me.  Our server was very good, and very apologetic.  Thank you Nadira D.  She was able to discount our meals for the lateness of our orders.  We heard others around us getting discounts for having to wait also.  Hey management,  you've been there a few years now, have more cooks on holidays.
1	Waited forever to be acknowledged. The person that appeared to be the manager tried seating our party before one that was already in and waiting.We got our meals, the kids (4 of them) ordered the create-a-scary-face pancake. After decorating we started to cut them up and they were completely raw in the middle. Not just undercooked, raw, dripping cold raw. The second set came out burnt. A happy medium not to be found here. The manager did make it better but taking care of our bill.
2	Service is terrible at this location. My kids and I have been here an hour and we're still waiting on our food. It was 25 minutes before we got our drinks and an additional 10 minutes for our straws. It would be different if they were busy but there not. This is the last time I come to this location.
5	Food and service was great. This is second time we have eaten here, both times visit was great.
1	Went on midnight, took 1 hr to be seated. 1 hr to take orders and half hr just waiting for the check. I think this is the worst ihop I ever been to.
