3	This little place is nothing fancy, but there's a moderate selection of good food, the service is friendly, & the price is VERY low... $3.95 for all you can eat lunch, & $4.95 for dinner.  Can you imagine??
4	Stop by this place since we were staying down the block and needed some food. The place is minimal and nothing special, but what does make this special is their staff and of course their food, it is not great, but just good enough to fulfill your need of Buffet Chinese Food, they have many selections, i would have to say about 20 different offerings, i have never seen any buffet offer Egg Foo Young and that was such a great treat only because i love the dish. The staff is great, there was this young fella that made us feel welcomed and there was this female that was great too in serving us new drinks and asking if anything was alright. I think we ended up paying under $7 for the food and free refills on the drink, they also offer beer, i thought that was a added touch to their establishment. So if your near this place, and are hungry for from Chinese Food, give this place a try.
3	Dropped back into Best Wok for lunch since my original review.  It's still friendly & a little run down but comfortable.  At my most recent visit they had 32 trays of food out, & it wasn't bad, except for the low quality fried chicken legs & the awful hockey puck things that you see at some Chinese restaurants that are supposed to pass for Egg Foo Young.  (Egg Foo Young is supposed to be a little round OMELET with brown gravy on it!)Anyhow, the prices are now $4.25 for lunch & $4.99 for dinner.  As not-great as this place is, the value is certainly there, the service is good, & they have beer!  I have enjoyed eating here a number of times.
3	The price here is the main draw: $4.25 for lunch and $4.99 for dinner. The place itself  is old but somewhat decently maintained. The seats in the booths, while clean, have become too soft with age, so choose to sit at the regular tables so you don't sink too low on your seats. The array of dishes offered is not extensive, but what they do offer are adequate for a decent meal. There are hits such as the chop suey and misses such as the sweet-sour chicken with too much batter. In all, you can get a decent but not great meal here, and the price certainly is attractive especially if you're on a very tight budget.
3	Well, not a big choice of dishes, maybe 20 at all. And it is not easy to find meat in virtually all of them. But price can beat it all, of course. And they have authentic Chinese Tsingtao beer! ($3/12 oz bottle). And I got a good fortune cookie from them :)
1	Nasty beef lo main #nasty egg rolls taste like theres curry and something else....oh no meat when we came
3	= = = = = =  NO MORE BUFFET!  = = = = = =So sad, so sad!     :-((When I moved to Arizona on January 6, 2009 my very first meal was the Buffet here at Best Wok & I have been enjoying it ever since.  Now all of the sudden they have decided to discontinue it completely in favor of "Daily Menu Specials."  Sorry, that doesn't cut it with me.So sad, so sad!     :-((
3	Nothing special but the location was perfect, right across the street from my regular hotel in Phoenix and right next store to my new find on my nail place. This place used to have a buffet, but I never visited then. I ordered a two flavor. You can pick chicken and chicken or beef and beef or seafood and seafood.. and so on. The chicken dishes were $10. I chose chicken and snow peas and general tso's chicken. It was 107 outside, so I wasn't looking for too spicy. The chicken in the snow pea dish was okay.  It had plenty of snow peas with onions and carrots. The General Tso's chicken was crispy and the sauce was tangy with a bite, but not too spicy...served with steamed rice. The portions were nice enough to have an entire meal again of leftovers or perfect to split with someone else.The only downfall I could see about this place is the name. You expect to see a buffet when you walk in. It is family owned and there is table service. They have lunch specials as well for $5 served until 3:30. They also deliver.
3	Ok the strip mall its in is dumpy.  And the inside decor needs a lot of help.       But the made to order food is pretty decent.  The menu lists each dish's protein, veggie and what sauce it comes with.   ) which really helps because the have a large menu.(Although they seem to put zucchini in everything even though its only supposed to be in 2 dishes.  HINT  if you dont want zucchini in... let them know      Personally I love the Phoenix and Dragon Dish. They deliver (within a specific area) with a free 2 liter of soda with min $20 order. I don't care for the egg rolls they have too much White pepper. (thats the spice the other person wasn't sure of)      I like that they got rid of the buffet, I never bought it as their fresh cooked meals were better.  The oriental front staff (owner/family) is more friendly than the other waitress.         With takeout delivery expect either a mess or less liquid in the carton. the cartons leak so they don't always go r you all the liquid they would in a sit in meal.When eating in. We get the combo and get an extra sesame chicken so we can split it up between us.
3	Not located the best looking strip mall but it's actually pretty quiet. I live right around the corner so I drop in here all the time.They updated the interior recently and it's a bit more comfy now. They got rid of the buffet, which I was sad about at first, but I honestly think the food has gotten better and fresher since they did. It's consistently pretty good, but I can't say it's amazing -  if you're craving Chinese this will definitely get you what you want at a pretty good price.
1	More like Worst Wok Buffet. This place I will never return in my life. It took 5 minutes just to get a drink. Than a big group came in after us and they were taking their order before me and my boyfriends. Just horrible service. Needless to say we paid for our drink and left. I wish I could rate this place NO stars.
3	The food here is very decent. My favorite here is the lo mein, it's so tasty. Even better than panda expresses IMO. Although the service here is crappy and the servers are sometimes rude I'll still order pickup for some fast yummy Chinese food.
