4	I've only been here once while in Edinburgh. Not because it wasn't good, but because it's a wee bit over my price range. And I guess it wasn't so good that it ever occurred to me to go back there again. You can blame this on my state of mind during my first year of university, though.The occasion was a post-exam meal with a friend of mine who also studied Social Anthropology. We wanted to treat ourselves and they were doing 2 courses for 10 pounds. For what my memory does serve me, I had risotto and that was the moment I became a risotto lover. I think it was risotto with asparagus and chives. I could be wrong about the latter two ingredients. The atmosphere in the restaurant is really warm. Maybe because the inside's cozy, but not too cramped. As far as memory serves, I recommend it, though not passionately--that might very possibly just be an effect of time.
2	We received a coupon to go hear during a short trip to Edinburgh. The maitre d' was vaguely rude to us and extremely rude to the waitresses. The restaurant was very busy, so we were excited to get our food, but it lacked flavor. Both of us are huge seafood fans, and we felt a little let down by our meal. During the lovely walk home, we both began to notice our noisy stomachs around the same time. Although it wasn't full-blown food poisoning, we definitely had something off from the restaurant. We're both very adventurous eaters and neither of us have weak stomachs, and from the nature of the illness it was pretty easy to tell that we'd gotten a poorly handled piece of fish or an unfresh mussel. It definitely wasn't a horrible dining experience, but I wouldn't recommend the restaurant and we won't be in any hurry to dine there again.
3	We tried this place recently, by way of a celebration for my Parisienne girlfriend's birthday. The food was nice- but you'd think we were in France from the service we got! I understand they have the 'Fawlty Towers' experience here, but you don't expect it all year round.On arrival we were greeted- or rather not greeted - by the man who seemed to be the proprietor. He was rude in the extreme- only deigning to acknowledge our presence after a couple of minutes, and then making us stand around some more while he fiddled with something behind the till- even though our table was sitting ready for us. Waitress service was fast, but they never once asked how things were, or offered a smile.Despite the above, however, the food was good, if not amazing. I had a starter of grilled goats cheese with chutney which was nice- but would have been better if it was warmed through. My main of a crepe stuffed with creamy spinach and mushroom filling was excellent, a lovely and rich with a well-made crepe. My girlfriend started with a seafood gratin and had braised lamb as main, both of which she reported were very good indeed. We finished with profiteroles, which were nice, but ordinary.I understand the place does some good deals on lunches, and if the food is all you're concerned with I can happily recommend B'est. But the service, combined with a slightly too bright/open atmosphere that makes things very slightly too cafeteria-like, make it hard to suggest as a relaxing night out.
4	We came here recently with a groupon voucher.  Now here's the thing with vouchers: they cost the business a lot of money but the point is to get people to come back in.  Repeat customers is the name of the game. As someone who doesn't have a disposable income I like vouchers, I use them quite a bit, and I've had both good and bad experiences. And oh man, I am so glad this was a good experience.The space inside is lovely.  Large, good atmosphere, cool things on the wall.  There was quite a mix when we were in: families with children, couples on dates, bro/sis combos.  The service was good: friendly, fast, what you expect.  But the food!  Oh hello tasty food.  For my starter I had the mussels and it was a huge portion!  Tasty as well.  My partner had the goats cheese and sweet onion and I had serious order envy, it was absolutely delicious.  For mains I had the pork loin which was so tender, so moist, the spices were perfect.  Partner had the mushroom strudel and claimed it was as delicious as it looked (I absolutely hate mushrooms and didn't even try it).  For desert: creme brule.  Perfection.My partner and I had such an enjoyable evening at B'est because the food was exactly what we needed and the atmosphere was excellent.  We will definitely return (there was a cod with lemon mash on the menu that sounded so good I can't wait to try it).  So in conclusion, groupon vouchers sometimes give you a hole in one, sometimes not, and in this case groupon gave me a lovely, enjoyable night out with a plate of food I honestly didn't want to see end.  Huzzah!
5	Mmmm. Someone recommended this bistro to me, and as an intense admirer of french food, I was thrilled to find it a) close to campus and b) damn tasty. I went hans solo for lunch and though a raised eyebrow greeted my request for a table for uno, I was positively doted on by my french server. I got a lunch special for $8 (no pound sign on my comp) and they also brought a bread starter. I had my salmon starter and pasta main course, but as I am a lady, and as you know ladies are figure conscious, I could not eat even half of my food. I was asked several times if I didn't like it, and i assured them I loved it but could not possibly eat this quantity. I do not think they entirely believed me, based on the evidence that they asked me three times. But I will definitely return here, maybe alone, maybe with friends, but whenever I am craving creamy and intensely flavored food.
5	I saw the faulty towers dining experience here. Best dinner show I've ever seen in my life. It is a must see wherever you are. Even if you aren't a fan of faulty towers, you will be entertained non stop!
4	fish cake is very good. it is cheap and nice. It may be a bit difficult to find it. But it is big inside. and the steak is tasty as well. recommend strongly.
