5	Our home was broken into and, to increase our sense of security, we wanted bars placed on our windows and doors.  Olson Iron received positive reviews, so we contacted them first and are glad we did.  The service was efficient and professional.  Everyone was compassionate and concerned for our safety.  After talking with a representative, we opted for security screens.  The house looks great, we feel much safer, and we do not regret the investment in the least.  Great company all around.
5	We decided to install an entry gate for our house.  We wanted a gate that didn't look too busy, yet not so plain that it looked like prison bars.  We decided on a design that was simple with knuckles spread throughout to break it up.  Unfortunately when it arrived, there were less knuckle than we had agreed to and it look like the prison bars we didn't want.  We got a hold of Angel, he had the guys take a picture for him to look at while on the phone with us. He acknowledged that there weren't enough knuckles.  He gave us two options, for the guys to take the gate to return and fix it or to take $150 off the remaining bill.  We decided for them to fix it.  One of the guys suggested instead of knuckles, adding four casters along the plain bars.  They wouldn't have to take the gate and could come by within  the week to finish the job. They returned to finish the job, they installed the casters, also put a plate along the hinge portion and a sturdy door stop to keep the gate from hitting the garage wall.  All without any additional cost.  The gate looks great and we are completely satisfied.  Thank you Olson Iron and Angel for making sure we were satisfied.  They also told us to call any time if we ever have any problems and they would take care of it.  I know it's not an empty promise.
5	They are awesome!  Their phone system is horrible, but that's their loss of business since you can't always leave a message.  It says the answering machine is full and that's losing customers, but oh well.  Their doors are wonderful and worth every penny.
1	After reading rave reviews of this business, my husband and I called and made an appointment with an estimator. The appointment was scheduled for 8am and we drove through heavy rush hour traffic 15 miles across town to get an estimate on a balcony railing we wished to purchase for our home. When we arrived at 8, we were told that the estimator was "called out on a job".  We should have been notified and rescheduled. The woman "helping " us didn't have any helpful information as to the cost per linear foot,etc. of the wrought iron. She said she had our number and would have an estimator call. Well, it has been two days and we haven't heard from the establishment.  I won't be doing business with Olson iron works and do not recommend them based on poor customer service.
