4	We first discovered Rita's on Summer trips to Hilton Head Island. It was a favorite once-a-Summer treat. Now, we can enjoy Rita's (almost) year-round in Charlotte. This location is in the University area at Mallard Creek Church Road. Ritas specializes in three things- Custard, Italian Ice, and A combination of Custard and Italian Ice. The Custard is made fresh daily. Vanilla, Chocolate, and at least one other flavor. I admit, it is not the best custard ever, but in the southeast any decent custard is great custard. The Italian Ice is smooth and almost creamy. Some of the fruit flavors (like cherry) has bits of real fruit mixed in. The flavors are all great, and on its own the Italian Ice is refreshing. The real magic of Rita's comes when you mix together the Custard and Italian Ice into one serving. Gelati comes in a cup and is layered top to bottom as Italian Ice, Custard, Italian Ice, Custard. Misto is a treat that BLENDS the Italian Ice and Custard together. Try a fruit flavored Italian Ice with Vanilla Custard in either, and it is a winner! This Rita's location is closed December to February, but open every day the rest of the year. The location also runs specials- like 99cent cones on Mondays. But call them for current specials. This Rita's is in a shopping center, so parking is easy. A few tables are available inside and outside to enjoy your treat.
5	Rita's is happiness... Their concoctions are like Love in a cup!
5	My first visit to a Rita's was when I made a trip to New Jersey.  Though different from the snow cones I grew up on in Texas, I found the Italian ice very refreshing!  The Gelati is a great innovation.  I would have never thought of serving frozen custard w/the Italian ice, but it sooo good!  Thankfully, shortly after moving to Charlotte this Rita's opened up & I couldn't have been happier!Today I tried a Blendini for the first time & it was delish!!  Got the Orange Cream Pie which mixed the Florida Orange ice, vanilla custard, and crushed vanilla wafers.  Talk about refreshing my tastebuds!!  It also brought me down memory lane a little since the taste resembled that of the Dreamsicles I ate as a child!I love this location b/c it's close to my husband's office so I can surprise with a Rita's ice (he loves them!) whenever I want & I don't have to worry about it melting.  The service has always been exceptional as well!  Love how you can try all the flavors (if you want) before placing your order just to make sure you're making the right choice for that moment!  Of course, so many of the flavors are fantastic & they change from day to day (excluding the regulars) so you have an excuse to come back for more!
4	Just stopped into Rita's after an afternoon of shopping! And we had been craving something mango.  And decided we would go to Rita's after stopping at another store in the small shopping area!And...goodness, they had an amazing mango ice...that was so very good.My wife made hers a gelato by adding a vanilla custard to the mango ice.Simply delicious!  Now a new spot to go and get some of those good flavors I remembered from Philly water-ice!
4	Well, there's nothing like a mango water ice with fat-free vanilla ice cream = gelato.  It is the best!  Ritia's is definitely the place to have an after dinner treat.  Just be sure to check the prices before you order or they will gauge you with extras!  I only wish there was a Rita's closer to home...
5	Super friendly staff and super clean place.  Great place to cap off a dinner.  I had just come from a couple doors down (Thai Taste).... after some level 4 out of 5 hotness it was good to have some Gelati to cool my mouth down.They are always coming in with new flavors (based on the fruit seasons I am guessing), but everything I have tried so far has been great.  Can't really go wrong with the Mango and Vanilla Gelati, but it's good to mix it up every once in a while.
5	Simply amazing! A great variety of flavored ice and yummy custard. The staff is amazing. The owners are super sweet and they train their employees well. If they don't have a certain flavor ice you want that day they will make it for you the next. Always kept clean. You always see the staff wash their hands as soon as they leave the back room or go behind the counter. (Always nice to see when dealing with food!) They have plenty of seating. Nice picnic tables with umbrellas outside as well. I don't have a bad thing to say about Rita's at the Arbors! Glad it's close to home!
5	Super friendly and helpful staff and super clean space! I stopped in here to take my granny out for custard and shaved ice. She's now a fan :) Many flavors to choose from and free samples are encouraged. Try a mix of the 'Island Paradise' and 'Lemonade' ice, it's great! I'll probably stop back here soon.
4	LOVE this place!Everyone was friendly and helpful they let you have as many samples as you want and encourage you to mix flavors that you like. The flavors change often so if you find one you like you may want to get one to go! But its very refreshing and delicious! The only down side is the cups are not big enough!!! Which is why I often end up with one to go! Can't wait to go back!
5	Really good stuff, I've never had ice like this before lol. Me and my friends went here like 2 weeks ago, we usually drop by the yogurt store like 3 stores down but decided to try something new and glad we did. The staff was nice and the flavors were exquisite I guess you can say.
5	A Rita's open year round and had indoor seating!  LOVE THIS PLACE!  It is amazing!The staff are friendly and great.  The place is clean as well as the bathroom.They always have different flavors, which is how it is with all Ritas, they rarely have all of their flavors two days in a row.  And if you don't like the flavors for ices that day, you can always get a custard.  :DYUMS!
5	Come to this location a lot in the summer. Very nice staff, excellent mix of flavors that change daily, very clean and there is seating outside. Great family time experience after a long hot summer day.
4	Nothing beats Rita's Italian ice on a hot sunny day! I've Had rita's italian ice since the very beginning when it first opened up.  As a child i've always liked shaved ice much more than ice cream.  I don't know why they do not have more shaved ice places around the area.The portion size of a small is marketed at an fair price and best of all, it will definitely be more than enough for yourself.  There is no need to get anything more than a small/regular unless you're a huge on italian ice.  I like to compare this to Luigi's Italian ice but much better.  They have a variety of flavors that you can possibly think of.  I couldn't see anyone who doesn't like shaved ice.
5	My kids LOVE this place!  They would go every day if I let them!
5	My weekly date night spot. This place is so amazing! They have alternating flavors of the frozen ice (usually 2-3 dairy options too) and they also alternate the custard flavors. Staff is super friendly and will let you sample anything and everything to make sure you are satisfied. The boyfriend usually gets half one flavor and half another. I usually prefer their dairy options like cookie dough, oreo, etc. and top it with custard. Enjoy your delicious treat outside if the weather is warm!
5	Rita's is such a yummy treat! I wish this location wasn't a 30 minute drive. It is always very clean and they always have a great selection of flavors. It is definitely a great price, especially compared to Maggie Moo's nearby. I usually get a gelati. It is a layer of frozen custard, layer of ice, then more custard on top. My personal favorite ices are cookie dough, fudge brownie, mint chocolate chip, strawberry, and raspberry lemonade. They use real fruit which is awesome! My picky dad even enjoys Rita's and he hardly likes anything.
4	Great place to take the girls on a warm day!  The Gelato is best I've found around. Always have a lot of flavors to choose  from. I don't like that when they do change, you may not find the same flavor 2 days in a row. The staff is the best. This a locally owned shop and the owners know the best quality service people to hire to be their face. Even though most workers are college students, all are very friendly and hard workers. Great to see! One thing I wish they still had was the coffee / Gelato drinks. It's like a Frappuccino with custard or something.  Amazing when I tried it. It had a strong flavor (a shot of strong caffiene), plus the sweetness of the custard.  They also have outdoor seating, some with umbrellas which is great! Always a treat. I love it!
