1	I used this business for my wedding and the professionalism and product was exactly what I paid for: cheap!  Problem 1: Although I paid for a trial prior to my big day, the woman who did my trial was not the same woman who actually did my makeup on my big day.  What is the point of spending money and time for a trial if someone I have never met ends up just winging it the morning of the event?  The woman who did my hair in the trial was the same woman who did my hair on my wedding day; however, she looked at me and queried, "How did I do your hair again during the trial?"  Again, it is her professional responsibility to work with the client and remember what we had decided.  My hair did turn out pretty, but it was completely different from the day of the trial.  Although it was beautiful, it went quite flat and when I look at pictures, I notice that there were sections she simply did not curl.   Problem 2: She said she would arrive with her two "assistants" to help with the rather large bridal party.  By "assistant," she meant her pre-teen daughter.  That's right. . .she brought her daughter who is in Junior High to do hair!  Her daughter was very sweet and well-mannered, but we would have been better off keeping our cash and doing our own hair.  The second "assistant" was her sister.  I do not believe she has any professional expertise or training.  Problem 3: Three of my bridesmaids had to re-do their hair.  The only skill these women seemed to have mastered is the curling iron.  Yet, the curls went flat within a couple of hours.  One of my bridesmaid's asked her to touch up the flattened curls, to which the "hair artist," retorted, "Your hair just isn't the kind of hair that will curl."  My bridesmaid has beautiful, lush wavy hair.If you are looking to save money with this as an alternative to other pricier travel make-up artists or a salon, my advice is to keep the money and recruit girlfriends or relatives to do your make-up/hair.  It's about the same level of professionalism, service and expertise.  This is the ONLY thing I would have changed about my wedding.
1	ATTENTION! DO NOT EVER BOOK GLAMOROUS EXPRESSIONS!I wish we had read the previous reviews before we booked! The exact same thing happened to my sister in law! We booked far in advance. We left deposits, and the day of the wedding, we were expecting 3 people to show for the 5 girls in the wedding. Bride, Mother of bride, and MoH included. Only 1 person showed up the morning of, and she was nearly 45 minutes late. Two girls, myself included ended up doing our hair and makeup ourselves. Airbrush was supposed to be included and it wasn't. The girl who showed up said her boss, Renne, texted her at 6:30AM and told her where to be. Renne, the owner, was sick, or in the hospital, and never once called and explained why the other two stylists never showed either.The stylist, a very young girl, complained that it wasn't the first time Renne had done that to her.My sister in law regrets the way she looked on her wedding day, and that is the worst feeling. She cried the first weeks after seeing her hair and makeup in the wedding pictures.I have yet to receive my deposit refund. The wedding was in September 2011. And it's NOT easy getting a response back from this "company". This was definitely the biggest and only regret!
1	I had hair extensions done there, omg the worst mistake I ever made. She was 45 mins late for my appointment then showed up looking like she just rolled out of bed, very unprofessional, very.My 1st issue was that she didnt use a heat guard to protect my scalp so therefore she didnt get close enough to my scalp with the hair, they were 3/4 " awy when I left that is UNACCEPTABLE. That means that they will not last as long, grows out faster. 2nd issue, her iron wasnt hot enough or she didnt keep it on long enough. When they FELL OUT and boy they fell out the keratin tip was undisturbed like brand new. The entire experience was a nightmare I cant write enough reviews to save others from bad service, I found them on Craiglist and I write bad reviews on Craigslist also. The hair lasted about a 1 & 1/2 months where generally I get close to 6 months from an install,, They are hacks there TOTAL hacks Fortunately I DIDNT have her cut my hair LOLOL. . PLEASE do NOT go there do NOT waste your $$ and your timeI had breakage that ive never had before...... I am a Hair Stylist also I know how these things are applied, she had no clue on what she was doing, It wasnt just the 2 issues that I mentioned it was many, too many to listIts not even a Salon, DONT go there...... Thanx for listening
1	No call no show, wish I could give NO stars. This unprofessional piece of junk Renee Quintana (702-504-4871) set up an appointment then took our deposit and didn't show up and never called. Cannot believe theknot.com also recommended her, I should have checked yelp reviews first.Don't ever sign up with her.  It's a great BIG scam!
2	just got married Saturday. I had read some reviews that they tend to be late a bit to their apts so I made my apt for 11:00am so I would be ready to leave by 1:00pm. The girls were about 20 minutes late do to the fact they had written my room down wrong. There was 3 of us girls getting hair and makeup only supposed to take 2 hours.They did not finish with us until 2:00pm and hour late I felt rushed through I could not enjoy getting ready beccause I was so worried I was going to be late. Thank the lord I had gave us an extra hour or we would not have made it to my wedding. It was very stressful. On the positive all of our hair and makeup turned out amazing. I would recommend them if  you give yourself a couple more hours than they say you needl.
1	Since my first review somehow disappeared...I hired this "company" to do mine and my matron of honor's hair for my wedding last July. These people were late, highly unprofessional, and just all around horrible. I had a gut feeling about these people and I should have stuck with it.  My bad. This is what I get for trusting Craigslist :(Apparently it the company is made up of two sisters and the young teen daughter of one of them. I first told the make up girl that my MOH does not wear make up. Ever. They should understand that you do not cake make up on someone who never wears it. My MOH looked like someone else - and not in a good way. It was horrible. I told the hair dresser the way I wanted my hair - and showed her several pictures - and she couldn't get it right. When she asked how I liked it I told her that it was not what I wanted and she huffed "Well, I'll have to start all over." My wedding was only 45 minutes away and my make up wasn't even done! Maybe you people SHOULD HAVE BEEN ON TIME!!!!!! She fixed my hair a little and then they rushed to do my make up and my MOH's hair. Epic fail all over the place. And these girls are yapping to each other about their sex lives and crap the entire time! Shouldn't you shut your damn trap and have some respect? I still tipped $40 (because I am clearly a moron and I just wanted them, GONE!). I had to fix my hair and make up after they left as good as I could. Bobby pins sticking out all over the place...no mascara on (WTF?)...airbrush my ass, had to fix my foundation. DO NOT USE THESE PEOPLE!!!I still cringe when I look at my pictures. Ultimately, my make up did look good in the pictures (probably thanks to myself) but the hair was a mess. I regret ever using these people. An absolute mistake.
1	I booked with Renee of Glamorous Expressions in May of 2012.  I put down $175 deposit.  A month later, they helped themselves to my bank account and illegally stole another unapproved $100.  I had a trial appointment for hair and make-up set with Renee for June which she failed to show up to and claimed to have been in a car accident (sound familiar).  After repeated calls she texted me and set up a new appointment which she again failed to keep.  She sent a girl who doesn't know anything about make up.  I have yet to receive the $275 that I shelled out for no services.  This "company" is a scam and these women should be put in jail!  Luckily, I caught onto their scamming before the wedding and was able to book real beauticians and cosmotologists.  PLEASE DO NOT USE Glamorous Expressions....they did nothing but steal from me and lie to me.  I hope Karma takes care of them!  THIS SHOULD BE RATED 0 STARS!
1	These reviews are so true, it just makes me laugh.  I got married on November 11, 2011.  I was planning to use this company because the prices were so cheap and I was having my bridesmaids pay for their own hair and make up.  I first scheduled appointments and put in my deposit for the hair and make up for the morning of my wedding back in early May 2011.  I could have sworn the prices were something closer to $50 for hair alone.  When the dates got closer and I was looking to schedule my hair and make up trial, I called again to confirm, and I was notified that it was $60 for hair only and $75 for hair and make up.  Well it was close enough, so I let it slide.  I'm from southern California, so planning my trial was set around me actually being in Vegas.  We picked the same date to do my trial and do our engagement photos.  I was notified that they were participating in a bridal fair and they were going to try to fit me in.  The morning of the trial, I told them where I was staying and they said they could make it happen in the afternoon.  They told me that since they were coming from the fair, they may be a little bit behind.  Well the time came and I was running a little bit behind in returning to the hotel.  But I never received a call.  I got back to the hotel about 10 minutes after scheduled time.  Still no call.  Waited for about another 5 minutes and decided to call them.  They picked up and was like, well we were early and waited for you and you didnt show, so we are leaving now.  So I responded with, ok who do I call to cancel my appointment in November?  When I mentioned that, they said they can make something work for my engagement photos and come back up to do my hair.  At the end of the day, I never got an actual trial for the day of hair.  We rescheduled for the next day, Sunday, and she promised to send me someone who was also going to be working with me on my wedding day.  Well I woke up early for the 9am appointment and we were headed back to SoCal by early afternoon.  I waited, 9am came, no phone call.  Had to call them and got their voice mail telling me that they were closed on Sundays.  by about 9:30, I got a phone call back.  after a lot of back and forth, I find out that allegedly, the girl had car issues and was not able to make it.  Once again, no phone call.  I had to call them.  They wanted me to keep my hotel room for extra time such that they can come and see me at 4pm.  I said no- esp not when my hotel was going to charge me another $150 for the night.  Johanna/Renne claimed that they are in socal frequently for shows and they can accommodate me for a trial in early October.  I woke up on that (once again Sunday) morning only to find out that I never got a confirmation phone call- asking for my address, location, confirming time, etc.  I try to call them to confirm location etc-- once again no response- of course it's Sunday- they don't work.  At this point, I'm less than a 6 weeks from my wedding.  I was not about to put up with this stuff.  I left something like 4 or 5 message.  I finally got someone to pick up on Friday.  I was then notified that a) I was on the list of calls to return and b) the sister had hurt her back and was unable to come to SoCal.  Once again- no call to let me know ahead of time.  While I had her on the phone, I explained that I was done and she can cancel my appointment on the day of my wedding and if she was any kind of decent business person, she would refund my $150 deposit.  She was upset saying that I got a trial and that they'd been holding my very popular date (11/11/11) since May and that they had to turn down a lot of people.  She said she will confirm with her sister.  A couple of days later, I get an email saying, nope, I got my trial and so, no refund and we are still good to go for 11.11.11.  I called her, told her that she has a ridiculous business practice.   They were so passive, and I am only doing this because I am a nice person who takes initiative and I am notifying them to cancel my appointment.  I was fighting every urge to just screw them over for a major time spot on an important date.  I paid my deposit - barely got a receipt, never signed a contract.  Thankfully, in the 5 days I waited for a response, I found a new hair and make up person. This company is truly a hit or miss.  My hair and make up was actually good, but their customer service sucks and really on the day of your wedding when you already are high strung, you don't need the stress of them not actually calling you if something happened.
1	Brides and employees of this "company" beware. This woman is a complete scam artist. She will quote you a price then charge you more. Also keep an eye on your credit card after the wedding because she has taken money out of accts months after. She has not paid over 20 of her employees and has had a warrant out for her arrest for writing 26 bad checks. I do not know why any of these huge wedding sites endorse her services. She does not have a cosmetology license or a business license. You can read her reviews on any site and find proof in what I'm stating here. When confronted with issues of her stealing money from you she will cuss and scream at you and threaten to call the cops about harassment. You wedding is such a huge day and I hope no other brides have it ruined by this scam artist!!
1	BEWARE OF GLAMOROUS EXPRESSIONS!! I received a gift certificate and booked them for what happened to be a holiday for my wedding! She did not tell me any details and I told them I would be checking in that day. At the time they were supposed to be calling they never showed. 8 times they did not answer then proceeded to tell me they were "sqeezing" me in!! Needless to say they never showed. So only book and trust them if you plan on getting upset and having no hair and makeup for your special day. They ruined mine and they'll ruin yours too!
