4	A small and not particularly comfortable seating area is a niggle I'm willing to accept when your greeted by warm, inviting ( and admittedly pretty damn attractive) ladies. Coffee, cakes and sandwiches are all available here but if I'm truly honest I prefer to grab an Americano and dribble at the stunning women who work here.Perhaps I've finally found my Yelp profile 'secret crush' insert, just don't tell my girlfriend...
3	I know a lot of people who rave about this place, so I am guessing I was just unlucky on my visit to this establishment. The cake I had was really dry and tasted a few days old whilst my coffee was lukewarm.Having said the staff seemed tired although still friendly. I am willing to give this place another try and hope to have a better experience.
4	I've come here a few times, mainly for coffee, but sometime I've stopped for brunch as well. The Treehouse is in a pretty good location, right in the heart of Tollcross and across from Scot's Deli, which I find is a better cafe, but that's mainly because they make coffee that makes you jittery (in a good way) for hours. For years, there's been a huge turnover right in that spot, with no cafe staying for longer than a few months, though this one looks like it's here for the long haul.Last time I went there for brunch I had an orange and spice cake with orange icing that actually tasted exactly like oranges, not like some icing tastes of candied fruit and sugar and then more sugar and then more. I definitely recommend going in and having a bite of that. The food there is plentiful and really well-priced as well as being tasty. It's pretty cozy inside, and the cafe's huge windows make it a great spot for sitting and reading, or as I have in the past, sitting and studying.
4	Love this little place! Really friendly and cozy environment, lovely home-made food, and milkshakes! I split a panini and wrap with my friend (can't remember which ones) and they were both delicious and came with nice side-salads. Service was quick and easy and they have yummy home-made desserts.
4	Love this little place! Really friendly and cozy environment, lovely home-made food, and milkshakes! I split a panini and wrap with my friend (can't remember which ones) and they were both delicious and came with nice side-salads. Service was quick and easy and they have yummy home-made desserts.
4	Homely, friendly, lunch or tea-time treat spot that really does, well, hit the spot.I'd passed The Treehouse everyday during the winter on my daily run round the Meadows and always thought 'I need to try there!' It sits on the corner, bright green, with plants in the windows looking very earthy and inviting. Especially when you're 8K in and smell the coffee!Sadly when I stopped here I'd already had breakfast so just had a tea. But the sandwiches look delicious. Fresh, thick-cut bread with the traditional fillings. I think I saw a BLT and chicken mayo. The cakes looked very tempting too, and mostly home-made (think tray bakes, millionaire shortbread (my favourite!), banana loaf). The staff were friendly and very down-to-earth. General customers were students, couples and young families.This is good example of a Scottish sandwich cafe that really looks like it delivers. Whilst continental delis are in vogue, you won't find any roasted aubergine or feta salad here, but you will find a perfect place to come for a dependable door-stop sarnie. Yum.
3	The Treehouse has several things I love - lots of natural light, friendly staff and home-made treats.It looks like the kind of place that would become a "local" if I lived a bit closer.  It looks like the kind of place that would bring a wonderfully fresh breakfast and great coffee.But...it also looks like something was a bit off when I went for breakfast here.  The coffee wasn't the best I'd ever had, although it was by no means the worst.  The breakfast sounded good - scrambled eggs with tomato and fresh basil.  And this was where I really felt a little let down.From the description, I just assumed - wrongly, it turns out - that the basil and tomatoes were incorporated into the dish.  What came to my table, however, was some delicious wholemeal toast with pale, watery tomatoes (one of my least favourite things) and eggs on top, then three large pieces of basil placed carefully on top of that.  The eggs tasted and looked watery, like reconstituted egg as opposed to freshly prepared but I'm not 100% sure so I don't want to do them a disservice in my description.I was so ready to love this place - and they'd certainly made the effort with presentation and good service - which made the almost bland breakfast seem even more tragic than it probably was.  It was okay...but I wanted so much to have better things to say than "it was okay"!I'd be willing to give it another try but, with so many places on my "must try" list, I'm not going to be in a big hurry, I'm afraid.
4	Nice wee place to stop off in and probably a bit of a welcome distraction from the plethora of coffee shops further up in Bruntsfield. Coffee pretty good and a decent sausage sandwich. Live music on a Sunday pm though never been in for it.  Sunday papers to browse through and a cheery service means it is a chill out experience.
4	I sometimes go the Treehouse as local artist Donna Maciocia does a bit of a sing song and plays the ukulele there on Sunday afternoons. I'm usually not a fan of 'flat white' coffee but I was recommended it and I have to admit that they do a fine one. The food, however, is far from outstanding but it's OK, and the staff are nice and friendly.  Very relaxing and laid back atmosphere, perfect for a lazy Sunday afternoon!
4	The Treehouse Cafe claims to make the best flatwhite in town, and while I don't quite believe that, they do serve up a tasty drop with some of the best coffee art I've ever seen in Edinburgh. They also make a delicious panini/sandwich with a selection of creative fillings, and serve it with a couple of freshly made salads straight from their deli counter. This place will keep your tastebuds interested. All this, and served with a smile. The staff are wonderful!
4	Ace little cafe with a great selection of paninis. Cool little illustrations on the wall and a great 10% discount for students. Bright and colourful, will definitely come back for some lunch again!
5	Smoked salmon and cream cheese on a croissant.   Decadent.  And perfectly done.  The soy latte there is the best I think I've ever had in my life. Certainly better than anything I've had stateside.  The music they play is great and it's well placed in the city and well priced.
5	I am not used to this part of Edinburgh. Late afternoon, we were buying bikes from Edinburgh Bicycle Co-op (one of the few things that can bring back to the East Side) and the Vegan was getting dangerously hungry. She gets mean when the hunger strikes.Henderson's was a bloody long way and I was not up for the trip back to Glasgow without food. Nicked in here and could see some possibilities but nothing that was completely animal free. So what did these folks do? Made up a really nice hummus and salad club sandwich that was completely Vegan. Off the menu and made to order. That kicks up to five Stars right there. My Treehouse Club was brilliant and the price was really good. Personal service, great people, brilliant food. I would walk a pretty long way to get back here. Yes it is that good.
5	It's hard to find affordable, fresh and not-boring salads in Edinburgh which makes this place a real gem. They have rotating salads, paninis, coffee, and desserts which makes it a good place for lunch or a coffee break. I got a beet and goat cheese panini with salads (potato and greens) and it was extremely filling and delicious. I also like the bar stools that look out to the huge church on the corner when I want to pretend I'm actually doing work.
