4	This new Cracker Barrel opened recently in Charlotte on Independence.   It's the first one I've seen in the area that's not off a major interstate.  Cracker Barrel has good breakfast options (although nothing fancy), so we decided to give them a try on Sunday morning.  For 9:30 a.m., it was surprisingly packed!  Usually crowds don't start for brunch until after church lets out in Charlotte.  Apparently there are many heathens out there besides us.  With the amount of cars overflowing from the parking lot and standing around indoors, our wait was only 15-20 minutes, as promised.  While we waited for our table, we walked around their country store filled with...well, country stuff...and also old-fashioned candy treats.  With the crowd waiting, it was difficult to maneuver around, but we managed until our name was called.  Once inside, we got excellent service.  Our server was very attentive, stopping by every few minutes to make sure my coffee cup never got empty.  My usual breakfast option ("The Old Timer") beckoned to me, so I ordered that.  Eggs, cheesy hashbrown casserole, and a choice of meat.  Not to mention biscuits (ask for apple butter!) and grits.  It's a very filling breakfast, and the coffee they serve is delicious.  After we ate, I grabbed some Chick-O-Sticks and Clark's Teaberry gum (my favorite as a kid) in the store for the road.
2	As with Eric, I'll have to say that this is one of the first (if not the first) Cracker Barrel that I've ever seen that isn't on (or awfully close to) an interstate.  Maybe they are branching out.Whatever the case, we stopped by on a weeknight evening - a Thursday if you're keeping track at home - and also found that they were packed.  Very odd indeed.  I don't know if people are just jonesing for something different, but it was an interesting surprise.While we did get in quickly, and the food was pretty standard Cracker Barrel fare, the similarities ended there.I'd like to say that they've worked out their kinks.  We're talking a chain here, and they've now been open for some six weeks, so it shouldn't have anything to do with opening jitters, but more than once I was left sitting with an empty glass, and it was a solid half hour after we ordered before we even saw our server again.It was so bad, in fact, that we actually threatened to leave if the food wasn't there quickly.  Miraculously, it was, leading me to believe that it wasn't a backup in the kitchen as I had thought, but a problem with the server.  Ultimately, we'll never know, but I think it likely that we won't be going back anytime soon.
4	I love me some Cracker Barrel! I haven't mastered the art of cooking a good meatloaf, so when I have the craving I look for a Cracker Barrell. I'm so glad they opened this location, because I had to drive all the way up to Concord Mills exit to get my fix before. The service hasn't really improved since the opening week. For some reason there is always a problem getting my drink here. I think I throw the server off when I order my food and drink at the same time? Last time the server came back to ask if we wanted some bread while we waited for food, and I responded with "well, not really, but I would LOVE to have my water while I wait". LOL! He apologized and ran with some great speed to grab our water. There does seem to be a good 30 minute wait between ordering and getting my food no matter what I order. Hopefully that will eventually speed up soon. The parking lot always seems to be full and often there is a wait. The turn around on tables seems to be pretty speedy though, so that is good. Haven't had to wait more than 20 mins to be seated yet, even when I was told the wait would be 45 minutes. This is actually the second CB I've seen not directly off the Interstate. We had one back in Athens, GA.. which has no interstate nearby.. good 30 minute drive to I-85. These non-interstate CB's must be popping' up due to high demand, which seems to be the case here.. I gave 4 stars.. but it's more like 3.5. I'll return often for my meatloaf cravings! yay!
4	Definitely a fan of the Cracker.  My only gripe with all the stores (this one is no exception) is the wait time.  Sure they have plenty of distractions (the store front with merchandise, rocking chairs, and checkers outside) but there is almost always a 30min wait.  Maybe I'm just unlucky during the times I am hoping to get some French toast or some country cookin'.This location is fairly new, it's kept well and the staff is friendly.
3	In college, ate a hot turkey sandwich at least once a week. For those not in the know, a hot turkey is an open-faced turkey sandwich, mashed potatoes, covered in gravy. I really wanted that tonight and figured this place would have it. They don't but our awesome server Tommy made it for me anyway!  So next time you visit this cracker barrel, ask to sit in Tommy's section for the best service.
4	This Cracker Barrel is the nearest location to my house in Matthews.  I've been at least 7-8 times since it opened and have never had a negative experience.  Never have I had to wait for a table, and my breakfast (all day, baby!) is usually served in  less than 10 minutes.  Jeremy is one of their best servers.  He is very attentive and helpful; overall, a really nice guy.  I request him each time we visit for lunch.  I love this place!The worst part about going to this Cracker Barrel is making a left turn into the place on HWY 74.  Just kill me.
3	The entire Cracker Barrel franchise is sort of an anomaly - they are literally everywhere. The staff seemed friendly and the food is fine for being a chain. Plating was a bit off and the food did not take up the majority of the plate - it felt like it was missing something. Pricing is aggressive and there is a family vibe to the place.
3	Believe it or not, I had never been to a Cracker Barrel before.  Earlier this week, I met a couple friends for lunch, and they suggested said institution. What they hey, I figured, and down 74 I went.When I arrived, I was somewhat surprised to find that one must walk through a strange little store to get to the dining room.  I say "strange" because I couldn't detect any kind of Cracker Barrel theme: it was a fairly random assortment of clothes, candles, food, and toys.  Do they really sell enough of this stuff to diners to make the venture worthwhile? Or perhaps some people, upon needing a new blouse or lavendar-scented candle, just stop by CB during their errands.Anyways, I digress.  Once we were seated, service was attentive and very friendly.  It was the middle of the weak, so I behaved myself and got the grilled catfish platter with three veggie sides.  The veggies were all really good, actually, but the catfish itself was slightly oily and muddy-tasting, as inexpertly handled catfish tends to be.  I am sure that their specialties, however, are the mouth-watering meatloaves and casseroles that I saw others eating.  If I return, I will have to resign myself to the calories and try those.Oh yeah, the server brings you your receipt, and then you take it into the store to pay.  The cashier will try to convince you to buy whatever knick knack they're pushing this month.  Be strong!
2	Cracker barrel was my favorite Americana food stop whenever I used hit the open road. I don't know if it's the whole franchise or only this store but I ordered my favorite, the Sunrise Sampler and it was way off both times I did. The meats were real small and dry, the fried eggs looked and tasted like Dennis, the home fries was tasteless and the whole meal was nowhere as copious as I remembered. They haven't raised the prices in many years but maybe they should instead of skimping on quality. Not too famous. At least they were open (and packed) on Sunday at 2 pm when so many restaurants in Charlotte are closing. Two PM???  That means they start closing down at 1;30, what's with that? Out in the world even the early closers ( Einstein's, assorted Jewish delis, diners etc) serve lunch until at least 3pm. Sunday is for sleeping late and having a late brunch, wake up Charlotte it's not 1956 anymore!!  8-P
3	Low staffed today . Good food .
4	Since there's probably not much else to do in Matthews, I swear the entire city comes here for brunch on Sunday.  Though the place was extremely crowed, C&B does a good job getting people in and out of the restaurant.  My girlfriends and I came here at noon on Sunday and we only had a 30 minute wait but about 10 parties in line before us.Regardless, you can never go wrong with any C&B!  The menu, the low price, their hospitality, the country store- all mixed together for a wonderful southern experience!
2	And the only reason I gave it two stars was the fact that our waitress was on the ball and felt so bad that I had to return my steak 4 times. The manager there, when the place gets busy, is well in over his head. I doubt that we will go back anytime soon or at least not on a sunday for lunch.
3	I had the meatloaf, which was one of the better restaurant versions I have had. I still prefer homemade, but am usually too lazy to cook. The service was fine and the sides were good. I would return.
3	All in all service was good, especially considering it was Easter Sunday. only a 30 min wait (expected). Worst part was after 10 min at our table and no drink order taken. I looked around to find a manager standing there jaw jacking with a server. Now, my table was the closest table to where they were standing. To look around a busy restaurant and find a Manager standing around flapping his gums, is unexceptable. Having to ask him if someone could take our drink order didn't even spur him into action. Well he did catch someone walking by and ask them to do it.Nice deligation dork! How about doing something besides hold the floor down?! Other than a laxidasical approach to Mgmt, things were good. Service was good once she arrived. She checked on us multiple times. The food was as good as pancakes and eggs could be.I just don't like to see the leader standing around while everone else is busting their butt. Poor Management.
2	Two more tries, only more of the same. Long waits to be served cold eggs, cold toast, dry and cold ham. Tried telling the manager about this problem but I gave up on waiting for him, I paid and left. It's pretty strange that I haven't yet found a good place in Charlotte to have ham and eggs
4	Consistent execution at Cracker Barrel, which does an excellent job of being exactly the same whether you're in Charlotte NC, Glendale AZ or Palm Coast FL. With the exception of a few that are right to left where most are left to right, they are as cookie cutter as they can possibly become. The only thing that might possibly be different about this one is that it's not on an Interstate highway. They are usually within a quarter mile of an exit. Odd.Otherwise, same hostess, same menu, same food, same service. I'm a fan.They've recently introduced some slightly healthier options. Though the portions remain the same - massive. I had the granola pancake breakfast, which comes with two eggs (scrambled, please) and a meat (turkey sausage seemed like the best choice) and a plate that had three ginormous pancakes that were over the edge. And two bottles of maple syrup. I was hungry, so I did manage to eat a good bit. But there was still enough left to feed a homeless person for a week.
4	Food was great as usual however we had a 24 minute wait.  Luckily the crayons and coloring book kept my 6 year entertained while we waited. When the food came it was pretty good.
5	Cracker Barrel is consistently delicious & comforting. Breakfast is always my first choice here. You can't beat it. And I love the old fashioned decor. One of my fav places to eat.
4	Who doesn't love a meal at the good old Cracker Barrel?  They all feel the same where you walk though a little shop to eat your meal.  The food is always decent.  Plus they always have apple cider.  :)    The service at this location was good.
4	I love Cracker Barrel! It reminds me of my childhood and my grandparents. This location is conveniently located off of hwy 74 in Matthews and is a great meeting place for out of town guests. My family and I ate here today and had a wonderful experience with our waiter. His name is George and if you're smart, you'll request to be sat in his section! He was awesome! He made our dining experience wonderful today. I don't eat at a cracker barrel unless someone from out of town is passing through, but honestly, I might make an exception once in a while now! Their food is yummy and southern and it tastes like home :)
1	I always get sick to my stomach after eating here. Ugh. I gave it one too many chances. And it's not even like it makes me sick but the service is great, no it's all just terrible! Don't eat here unless you need to barf for some reason. Lol.
2	A somewhat frustrating Cracker Barrel experience. My Mom's very hard sweet potato was replaced without question, but then she was surprised by a chunk of Jack's beanstalk in her green beans (see picture for comparison to normal-sized green bean). My oven-fried chicken breast was dry -- possibly a leftover from lunch (we arrived at 4pm). The check was delivered right after food was served, and the server nicely told us that there was no rush. Unfortunately, service by both waitresses (a second had delivered the food) all but ceased after the check was on the table. It took multiple attempts to get the attention of the servers, but they did eventually see our raised hands and refilled our coffee. Also, it took three requests to obtain two extra corn bread muffins. If a Cracker Barrel manager reads this, I would simply suggest that servers continue to pay attention to customers throughout the meal. No need to hover -- just use some common sense to check on us until we're out the door, please.
2	This is the first time I've gone to a Cracker Barrel in several years and probably the last for several more years. I notice that most of the high ratings were from those who had breakfast there. I had lunch and was so disappointed.
4	This is a review for their breakfast menu, which I highly recommend. I've never been disappointed ordering breakfast here. My favorite plate is the mama's French toast with the hashbrown casserole (delicious.) I always add cheese to my eggs too. The only thing that was a bit lacking was the waitress. She wasn't very attentive. Def give breakfast a try here!
5	This is one of the rare situations where I review a chain restaurant. This is an awesome Cracker Barrel location. The service is impeccable and super friendly every time that I go whether it is for breakfast, dinner, or carry-out. My personal favorite for dinner is the chicken and dumplings, roast beef dinner, or meatloaf. They are all so yummy and you get SO much for for such a low price. All of the breakfast choices are great as well. I love the cheese potato casserole. I also love that they will poach your eggs for you. Same greatness you would expect from cracker barrel without the bustling interstate nearby!
5	Chicken and dumplings. Pure Southern Comfort! Try to get seated in Antoinette's area. Best service ever!!
2	We eat at this Cracker Barrel 2-3 times a month, however, the past couple of visits the food has not been very good. The featured salad with chicken, beets and sugared pecans looked delicious in the picture but I must say was not good. The chicken was like frozen chicken fingers that were not hot, not cold, just room temp. The vegetable soup I ordered on a recent trip was just luke warm and my silverware looked dirty. I was told it was just water spots.  My husband ordered hashbrowns and they were very greasy as were the corn muffins. It was not crowded but service was slow.  What's happening here? Come on Cracker Barrel get it together.
