2	We've ordered from Geno's several times now and for the prices you pay it's decent pizza for the price. I like the seasoned crust. My favorite choice here is The Italian -  pepperoni, ham, salami and pepperoncinis. Also, try ordering a Geno's large pizza and throw some bacon on it (for you carnivores out there). Wings are decent - not the best I've ever had, but not bad. I like the hot and hot bbq the best. Wife likes the garlic parmesan wings. Next time around I will probably try one if their toasted subs. The Italian and Steak & Cheese sound pretty good. When you call in an order, a lot of times they will give you the coupon discount or tell you about the monthly special, even if you don't know about them. I had to downgrade my rating for Geno's since I wrote my first review because of two experiences that I had picking up orders. On one trip to get our pizza we found that it had apparently been sitting there for quite some time - much earlier than we were told, so basically we had slightly warmed pizza. Last week it happened again, except this time I walked in to pickup at the time they indicated it would be ready and was told our pizzas should ready in another 5-10 more minutes. After waiting 15, I asked someone, figuring our order might have been lost. What they discovered was that our order had been ready all along on the waiting rack and they missed it. So once again slightly warmed pizza. It seems that other customers here share similar experiences with orders that are not ready at the pickup time provided. C'mon Geno's - you need to get your act together...
3	Decided to try Geno's tonight.  Unfortunately, pizza is the only thing STV has quite a few choices of.  We were told the wait would be about an hour and a half, but delivery turned out to be only a little over a half hour, which was nice.  The pizza was just okay.  For the price, it's decent.  If you have a large family to feed, it's definitely worth it.  Kids aren't usually too picky about pizza anyway.  :)
1	I have never been inspired to write a review on my eating experience as much as my first encounter with Geno's. I had also had to write this review, again, considering it somehow disappeared and how disappointed I was in myself for having fed my family this quality of food...really upset.   Earlier this week we decided to order Geno's after having received a flyer in the mail.   Considering all the Pizza competition in this tiny San Tan Valley radius, we were extremely disappointed with the quality of food we received.  We are realistic people and understand what to expect when getting "budget" friendly pizza options.  However, when we initially placed the order via phone, we were told it would he about a 45-60 minute wait.  We figured that that since they were this busy that their food must really be good. However, we were really hungry.  It was the middle of the week, it was late evening,  and we had just gotten home from work.  We decided to call back and requested if they could have our order ready for pickup.   They said it would be ready in 15 minutes.  Happy with this option I jumped in the car within 10 minutes and got there within another 5.  When I arrived, they couldn't find my order.  I repeated to them my address,  my name, my phone number several times.  At this point I was thinking they forgot my order.  It 5 minutes for them to find it and it had been sitting on a large rack with other orders.  I don't recall if there heat lamps or not.  When I got home, the pizza and wings were cold.  Not even slightly warm.  The pizza was poorly put together and looked and tasted like whoever had put it together didn't care about taste or at least have minimum standards of quality.  We have ordered budget friendly pizza options from all the other local pizza places and not once have we ever received cold pizza and wings and that was with delivery which usually takes longer.   We have realistic expectations on what to expect with certain food options but this was NOT worthy of our money.  We won't be giving Geno's a second chance.  At the time i wrote my review, there were a alot of negative reviews (which disappeared from yelp somehow) and the owners hadn't respond once to any comments on lack of decent quality.  To me this shows that they don't care about the customer and I will  spend my money elsewhere moving forward.
2	Pizza always takes over an hour, but tonight it took nearly two. We called to check on our order, and were put on hold - twice. When the pizza finally arrived, it was cold.We love that they have a gluten-free option (even though it's TINY and $10), we love that they have $5 pizzas, AND we love that they deliver! However, waiting nearly 2 hours for cold pizza with not even an apology is not something I'm interested in doing again.I hate giving negative reviews to new businesses, because I really try to like them, but sometimes it's necessary. Something big has to change, or Geno's won't stay in business very long.
1	Greasy greasy! Flavored crust was not flavored. Garlic and herb but looked like they just sprinkled garlic powder on it. Couldn't really taste a difference. Won't be coming back.
1	This Geno's location is absolutely terrible. It takes two hours for a pizza  (even when they tell you it will only be one hour). They mess up orders and deliver the wrong food and when you call back to let them know that it's wrong the management staff doesn't care. Their pizza has been excessively greasy and no flavored crust. The ladies answering the phones blame the customers for wrong orders and argue about the delivery time. Worst Geno's in the valley!
1	I went there tonight for the first time and I will NEVER go back. It was the greasiest, grossest pizza I have ever had. The crust was soggy and the pizza was dripping in grease. I guess 5 bucks means 5 yucks!! Plus, the place was so noisy with them banging the dough to death at the kitchen. STAY AWAY! Get a cheap crap pizza at Papa Johns instead.
1	Geno's has been to our home at least 10 times and is usually good considering the price. Tonight after waiting over an hour and calling back they said they couldn't find out house. Not only that but it wasn't on the GPS they said and our home has been here since 2008. Our # is 7482 and the driver said he only could find 7487? Not to mention there's a light over the house # on the garage and on the porch. Manager was willing to deliver cold pizza but not remake them. We cancelled the order and doubt we call again. YOU SUCK.
4	Geno's is one of my family's safety nets! Whenever we run out of time they are one of our top three options of eating out. The food is good, inexpensive and as long as it is not a weekend prepared rather quickly! So if you're looking for quality pizza and don't want to spend a lot check them out.
3	Generally good but this location is lacking consistency/quality control with their pizza, and the cost for additional toppings is a little high.I've been here several times before I posted this review, and my review is on this specific location.The taste of Geno's pizza is a far step above little caesars, dominos, and pizza hut, but this location has pretty consistent problems with pizzas coming out with 4 or 5 big bubbles, and inconsistent disbursement of toppings or little sauce. For example one slice might have 8 pineapple and the next has 1 or 2.  Sometimes you get lucky, other times not so much.They struggle to evenly season the crust so some parts have little or none of the seasoning. Also, they really don't put a whole lot of toppings on their pizzas as it is, so charging 2 dollars to add a small amount of a second topping to a pizza seems a little high for what you actually get.  Toppings should at least be priced by cost, because some toppings undoubtedly cost less than others. Overall if you're ok with rolling the dice, my advice is to stick with buying the 5 dollar single topping pizza since it's the best pizza deal.PS- My wife likes the Philly Fry's and I have not tried their other menu items.
