4	My wife and I banked at B of A for years. Then we noticed that they were getting bigger and bigger and dipping their fingers in all different kinds of enterprises. It seemed that they were making their customers their last priority, while doing a lot of shady deals to boost their bottom line. It reminded us of that movie "The International" from a few years back. B of A is so big and powerful, it wouldn't surprise me if they were manipulating countries to start wars in order to profit from them. We grew disgusted with everything that they stood for. Which is why we started banking with Desert Schools. Desert Schools has a long history in the valley, and we've known many people that have been satisfied customers for a long time. Switching all of our direct deposits and auto-debits was actually easier than I thought. We just had to peruse our bank records to see the recurring transactions and make a few quick calls to those companies. Desert Schools has also made some technological strides even in the few years that we've been banking with them. They have a great mobile app and their ATMs accept the envelope-free cash and check deposits. If you need to go inside and talk to someone they are relatively quick, whether you're talking to a teller or an account specialist. I had an issue a few months back where a cable company in Florida debited my account for another customers bill. I initially thought it was fraud, so I called Desert Schools to inform them. Within minutes of placing the call I was talking to a live person in Phoenix and he was securing my account so another transaction from that company couldn't go through. With B of A, or another bank of that size, I guarantee that it would have been a half-day process for the same situation. If you want a local, personal bank that can do all of your banking efficiently and technologically-forward, then Desert Schools is a good way to go.
5	This isn't my favorite location. Mainly because there is no drive-thru. Other than that, I really like Desert Schools. I highly recommend a credit union over a bank. When I had my accounts with a regular bank there always ended up being fees. That Isn't the case here.The tellers are personable and helpful. I recently lost my debit card. Stopped by and explained the situation. They canceled my card and gave me a new one on the spot. Total time was maybe ten minutes. I plan to be a long time customer!
