2	Inexplicably overrated coffee only marginally preferable to the Second Cup et. all chains. Sandwiches are overpriced and mediocre (and they come with an inedible  "side salad" comprised of shredded carrots doused in some kind of ranch-esque sauce). Like the rest of their mini-chain brethren, it's also too brightly lit, uncomfortable (bad arrangement of table space leads to feeling of being more cramped than necessary) with generally poor service (of the slow to non-existent variety). Best thing to order coffee-wise is their cafe au laits which come in French-style bowls.
4	Stumbled across this cafe after walking for hours on Saturday night and needing to rest our tired feet. This cafe has nice high ceilings and a big exposed brick wall. Nice ambiance, with a big menu to go with it. I opted for a decaf coffee with whipped cream, and they did not skimp on the whipped cream. My bf and I shared the carrot cake and we couldn't even finish it since it was so big. The breakfast menu looks tasty and affordable, I'd love to come back and enjoy breakfast on their patio once spring officially hits.All in all we liked the cafe, very reasonable prices, a large variety of espresso based drinks (took us a few minutes to make up our minds!) and service is pretty quick although we never did get that second fork we asked for...
4	Great study location, awesome seating arrangements.
5	Another day and another stop would lead us to Brulerie St. Denis where I found not only great service and Free Wi-Fi but also two great roasts, the first a fruity and aromatic Ethiopie Yirrgacheffe that I tasted as drip in store and subsequently purchased for French Press brewing at home -  a substantial step up that highlighted the coffee's rich mouthfeel and assertive caramel notes that came through on the finish.Moving next to something I'd not seen stateside in quite some time, my second pick from Brulerie was 60 grams of Jamaique Blue Mountain in a vapor sealed bag for $10.  Certainly the most pricey coffee I've ever purchased in whole bean form and saved for home, first via Chemex and then via French Press I will admit that the flavor was sublime - a truly complete roast with surprising sweetness, low acidity, and aromatics that bordered of floral when made via pour over and allowed to bloom a bit but even better when pressed - a nearly creamy taste on the palate that I'd place in the top two or three cups of coffee I've ever brewed at home (though perhaps not the best despite being the most expensive.)  Certainly not an everyday indulgence I do think every coffee fan with the means should definitely try a cup at least once even if only to know the standard by which others can and should be judged.
3	The lady was a little rude to me when I was smelling/looking at the teas. They have  great products though.Nice place to sit.
4	Best place for the money around. My friends and I enjoyed large portioned breakfasts and cheap, good beer many days/nights here. Definitely recommend it.
