5	Original and best place to get fish and chips in Edinburgh. They managed to see off Harry Ramsden's. Not pricey and child friendly.
2	This quaint "ye olde" pub in Newhaven loses some of its charm from the spray-on stucco finish, and a bit more from being right beside a busy road. We arrived on a warm day and had lunch in the front courtyard. The staff were friendly and the prices reasonable, but the food was only so-so. My onion rings, in particular, suffered from being 70% batter and 27% oil, with just the tiniest space reserved for any actual onion. Our salads were decent if unremarkable and the fish was generally tasty. From the menu, I'd say fish-and-chips is a bit of a specialty here, but we didn't try them.As I mentioned, we sat outside, which was nice on this particular day. The inside looked a bit dreary, and we couldn't understand why we were the only people eating outside. That is, until the trees (acacias?) started shedding into our food. Ah well, at lest it kept us entertained and seasoned the onion rings.
1	This doesn't even warrant the time to write a proper review:We made a booking for valentine's day, travelled across town and they were closed. They didn't even let us know! Poor Show!WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND TO ANYONE!
1	Never Never Waste Your Time or Money Here!I was looking forward to a quiet Valentine's day dinner with my boyfriend here and booked some time ago to make dinner reservations. This week, my boyfriend came down with the flu and we talked about rescheduling the dinner but he made a valiant effort and said we should still go out, even though it was his first time out of the house all week. Well I dragged him out and we went all the way here to find it completely dark, closed, deserted! They had my phone number and didn't even have the respect to call to let me know they wouldnt be open, or perhaps have closed? I'm not a happy camper now and so much for the romantic date here, but at least my relationship's more dependable than this restaurant! Don't go!
3	Lovely food and good service.
