3	When I was 12, I can remember my mom dragging me to a Tuesday Morning to "browse". I was miserable. Seventeen enlightening years later, I have rediscovered Tuesday Morning, and all of its knick-knacky goodness. The name is a bit misleading, because they are open from 10a to 7p Mon- Sat, and Sundays from noon to 6p. They close relatively early to restock every evening, because apparently they get new shipments in every day. Whether or not those shipments include something you want to claim is another story, as this is another one of those hit and miss type stores that requires quite a bit of patience. The stores have never claimed to be the cleanest or most organized. The aisles are narrow. And by "narrow", I mean "seriously, if you bring your shopping cart down the aisle I am in, you better put that thing in reverse because I'm not moving, and there's not room for all of us".Their website describes their product selection as: bed & bath, closet & storage, cookware& house wares, crystal, glass & tabletop, decorative home accents, for your pets, gourmet foods, lawn & garden accents, seasonal and toys. Although at some stores, I have honest-to-God seen clothing, including bathrobes and bras. And no, I have never purchased those from there, thankyouverymuch!Around the holidays, you can score some great little nuggets for parties, and even gifts (the kind that won't be regifted). I also like their patio section, even though I'm currently living in a one-bedroom condo with a "patio" the size of a shoebox. A girl can dream...and plan for my next big place. They also have a small selection of kitchen-type furniture at really reasonable prices. I've found party favors for an office party, candles and picture frames, and a really cute wine rack. Overall, if you're planning on making like my mom and browsing through Tuesday Morning, don't wear your Sunday best, because you might get a little dusty, but it will be so worth if you walk out with that perfect entryway table for a steal. And a bra or two.
4	I have been going to Tuesday Morning since i discovered it a little over 15 years ago while living in North Carolina.  At that time I had a candle holder fetish of sorts; that is a whole story in itself.  As one review stated, it is not the cleanest place and yes the isles are narrow; not a bad thing. If the isles were larger then the carts would probably be larger as well and that would mean accidentally buying even more unplanned junk.   But aside from those two things the place is fun.  When you go you never know what you are going to find.  But what you do find is usually of pretty good quality at draw-dropping prices.  I like to think of it as a Marshal's or TJ Maxx with "focus".  They don't  have a lot of anything so if something catches your eye I suggest you get it right then and there.  Also, if you really get into Tuesday Morning shopping there are usually several locations in each city so you can make a day of it.  Just a creepy idea but ya never know!  I once scored a $300 Michael Kors orange trench raincoat for $25.00.  That was over 10 years ago; I still have it and I still get a ton of compliments on it.  When I am looking for home goods I go there first to see what is on hand. The staff is nice and friendly and I have yet to get "dusty" on a visit LOL...reference to another reviews comment.  If you like cool or unusual house "things" then I think you will enjoy Tuesday Morning.
4	Love the deals here!!! We shop here all the time and you can get some GREAT deals on more high priced items that you would find in Macy's or other more upscale stores. Definately NOT Walmart quality here! BUT, you get great high quality stuff at the Walmart prices!!I didn't give them 5 Stars only because every once in a while, I have to return an item because it was a "second." Other than that, I don't think it is the norm to get "seconds" there...
5	I'm a huge fan of Tuesday Morning. This is a great place to come to find last minuet gifts and cool affordable home goods!I've rushed in several times to grab a quick present for a baby shower or toy for a toddlers birthday they usually have a good selection of stuffed animals, and games for youngsters. Looking for a gift for your mother or father you can also count on finding something here. They have a whole section of candles, frames even clothing that your mothers would love and for your tech loving brother or father they are sure to have some cool gadgets that can make them smile. If you like to scrapbook and you haven't been in yet you need to get here ASAP they have everything ranging from a work desk to stickers, fun paper, crazy scissors and fun colored calligraphy pens! (I wish I had more time to scrapbook)  The prices here are very affordable and be sure to look for the yellow stickers noting their sale items (they also have a little section for sale stuff)The staff is okay there's a few employees who are over the top nice and then you have those who don't even greet you when you walk in.Check out Tuesday morning!! I'm sure you will find something for everyone in the family... and don't forget to buy yourself two gifts... you deserve it :)
4	They always seem to have an interesting mix of items here. Staff is friendly and efficient and I always enjoy looking around, even if I'm not looking for anything specific. It can be hit or miss, but the selection is ALWAYS changing. I like stopping by and seeing whats new. They do carry a lot of higher end items at discounted prices.
4	Been looking for an amethyst tote for a while. Marshalls, tj max, burlington : no bueno. Tuesday morning: mucho bueno. Descent prices. Random goods, great find Just go when you arent in a rush
