5	The need for a Primary Doctor is vital, you will not want to jump from Quick Care to Quick Care.Dr. Molin is a Super Detail oriented guy that I have been using for about 15 years, his Nurse Practitionar Debbie is a very caring alternative and Dr. Philander also has good manner so it is a win win. Your Health is number one and they can see to that, and if you have patience they can squeeze in Patients same day.
2	Although the doctors at Clifford Molin's practice are good, I would not recommend this office for the following reasons:They cancelled my appointments on three different occasions.  I have never had a doctors office with such poor scheduling.They do not provide over-the-phone follow ups.  You have to come in for simple things like pap results, which means I had to pay $20 co-pay and STAND in the waiting room for 30+ minutes (there was no available seats) just to get a piece of paper saying I was fine.  All three times I went to the office I waited 30-60 minutes to be called back (I arrived on time for all my visits).  For all of these reasons, I am not going back to this practice.
5	I have been going to Dr. Molin for more than five years. He has been very thorough and concerned about my care. He has a Quest Lab right in his office so it is much more convenient to do blood work. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The combination of a board certified internal medicine doctor and sleep doctor is hard to find. You can't imagine how much better I feel now that my sleep is normal!
5	Dr. Molin helped me with my restless leg syndrome. I had been to other doctors before him with the issue but they failed to recognize that the root problem was an iron deficiency. I am very grateful to Dr. Molin.
3	This could be a 4 star review if it was not for the service at the front desk. The lady at the front desk provided a very poor service, she was short and very rude. She pretty much made me feel like she was doing me a favor. It's sad to encounter someone like this as that was the first impression once you walk in. Except for her, the doctor and their staff were pretty nice. I came in on monday morning and I had to wait about  1 hour until the doctor came to see me. I know Mondays are usually busy so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. Something I really liked was the convenience of having someone who can take your blood for additional testing.
