3	I typically park in the underground garage at SouthPark Mall (yep, now you know my favorite parking location). Each time I ride the escalator up, The Art of Shaving is right there. I finally went in with my husband to "dress up" his shaving ensemble. Whoa, who knew shaving accessories could run in the hundreds?! This store is high end! The weird thing is, you still see Gillette razors that you could buy at Walmart laying next to a $150 shaver/brush holder. Yes, just shaver/brush holder...I think I'll make hubs make due with just wedging his shaving brush between the faucet handles 'til I can save up for something classy. Anyway, the employee mentioned that the company and Gillette are owned by Proctor and Gamble and that is why you see them paired together. The employee did a great demonstration of their products...minus the actual shaving. However, if you want a shave or haircut, they have an in-house barber. Pretty cool...although you will be put on display since the window to the barber area is directly off of the escalator and faces the mall.For that man in your life that needs a bit of fancy in his "getting ready" regimen, you'll want to see if the Art of Shaving fits the bill. Not for me this time around, but I was impressed...Christmas is just around the corner, maybe Santa will be generous!
4	Went here a couple of times to get a shave, taper (haircut) and relax/treat myself. I love it here. Ferrell is one of the barbers there and he's awesome. His clients include a lot of professional athletes in Charlotte and beyond. He definitely knows what he's doing. It's a cool spot to buy products for grooming. The barber shop area is in a separate room and is decorated to give it a very old timey, but classy feel. You really feel like they've turned back the clock in that room. It's super clean. The only thing is that when you get a cut the barbers chair faces the mall so people can see you. I personally like that aspect, but some shy folks might not. It's a fun, relaxing experience. I'd definitely recommend giving it a try fellas, especially the shave. The haircut is a bit on the pricey side. But I'd still recommend giving the shave/cut a try to treat yourself!
1	Terrible experience I would recommend avoiding.  I was shaved and nicked up with a dull straight razor.  It was painful and unpleasant.  The haircut was average at best; after nicking up my face the barber didn't bother to clean up the back of my neck.  I was happy to do it myself at home with a sharp razor.  I will not be going back.
5	This is a great shop. Very old timey and very classy. I went in on December 20 to find gifts for family. I have a brother who uses or used to use a straight razor. I've always been interested in doing it myself. So I walked in and was immediately helped by a younger guy named Chris. Very helpful, nice guy. He walked me through how it all works, the different tools, lotions ,etc. He even walked me over to their demonstration sink and showed me how to do some of the store (short of actually shaving). He did a great job introducing me. I was not planning on buying anything, but ended up buying a safety razor and a starter set with the pre shave oil, lather, and the after shave which comes with a brush. It's pretty pricey, but this isn't cheap throw away stuff from the store. This is high quality stuff. They also have the in shop barber if you want a cut.
5	I love this store. I've wanted to go in since I was little, and the time was finally right. I was taken great care of, given a demo, and shown great products.  The saleswoman was very good at her job and even stuck within my price range. And to top it off, they were having a sale. I think it was fantastic, and I would recommend this store to any man wanting to take good care of his facial hair. The only thing to watch are the prices. Oils and stuff are not terrible but those razors are hella expensive.
2	The barber is awesome at what he does and I will come back because of him but calling ahead is always a challenge I've tried 12 times over the last 3 hours and no answer......pretty ridiculous
