3	There are two Jave Coast cafes in the Flamingo Hotel. The one near the strip has smoothies, pastries, coffee, yogurt etc.The cafe nearer the monorail has the line for the crepes. But it's not worth it. They're freshly made, but the confiture is soooo sweet it's not really enjoyable. May be it was choice, but the rasberry crepe is crap. The strawberry one is a bit better. But, not even a coffee helped wash that down.If you must have a crepe I recommend the banana one as the bananas looked delicious, but again they're caramelized so it may be crazy sweet. Yuck!
4	A good place to grab a quick bite or snack and coffee at Caezar's Palace.I had a delicious (and large) chocolate chip cookie with a 16 oz. mocha iced drink.  Both were sweet and good. Seating was in the main Food Court area, but plenty of spaces to just relax after walking around the Strip. Good spot to sit by the bar seats so you can people watch while you chill here. Friendly service.
3	After a long drive to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, due to traffic, I felt a sudden sensation to sleep. Wait, sleep when I just go to VEGAS!? That was definitely not an option for me :). As I was waiting to be checked-in to the Bally's Hotel & Casino, I decided that a cappuccino would help me give me a pick-me-up to start the night right. I ordered a small cappuccino (12 oz) for about $3.50. The espresso was pretty good, it was not bitter and did  not  taste like Starbucks' burnt up coffee, and the milk was nice and foamy (thus, proper steaming temperature was applied). The barista that took my order was very perky and did a wonderful job doing my latte.The best thing about this place is that it's not too expensive, open 24-hrs, has quick service and offers an assorted of baked goods and drinks (from lattes, to smoothies, to juices, drip coffee and decaf coffees) to give you enough sugar and energy to keep you going well through the day and night!
2	We stopped here to quickly satisfy my gelato cravings while running to the Bellagio Fountain show.  I've had tons of gelato in the past, and I have to say--this place left me hanging.I don't know exactly what was wrong.  Maybe the flavors were off, maybe the service was just crappy?  The staff members seemed completely bored and did not want to help us.  No offers of samples or any sign of courtesy at all.  It was very mehhhhhh.And to piss me off even more, there was another damn gelato stand RIGHT next to the Bellagio exit.  WTF.
4	When you have to have that caffeine hit, this is the place to go!  The coffee was great and served quickly.  For those coffee needs... go here.
3	A passable Starbucks alternative within Bally's.  Not much more to it- decent enough coffee, and a wide variety of pastries as well as Krispy Kreme donuts! Prices are adequate.  I wouldn't go out of my way for this place, at the same time the quality was good enough not to send me out of my way looking for a Starbucks!
2	Java Coast Cafe is the kind of cafe you go to when you're in Vegas, and you're checking into Bally's, and you really want some expensive coffee to go with your future hangover (or current hangover).Not much to say here, it's a bit overpriced and the cups kind of suck, but it's all about location.
3	The alternative to Starbucks at Caesars.  It is located in their "food court" Cypress Marketplace.  Lots of pastries, donuts and bagels to choose from.  Plus your normal coffee menu (lattes, coffee, cappacinos,  etc...).  Plus they had ice cream. There is a big area with tables to sit.  It is in a resort, so 2 cups of coffee and a couple bagels will put you back $18, but in a Vegas casino that is just how it is!
3	This is a coffee place that's not Starbucks. They're located in the food court at Caesar's, so it was a good, central place to go and hang out.We went there for a quickie breakfast both mornings, which consisted of 2 coffees, a pastry and a bagel. It was about $20 both times, which seems super expensive for what we got.I noticed one of the times we went there that a server was going around offering people mint's, but didn't offer us any. She just walked right by us. Thought it was weird :)
1	Expensive and low quality.  The latte was crap and the pastries from the pastry bin were mediocre. Felt like I was at a hospital cafe. You come here when you want a coffee but dont feel like walking to a decent place.
3	Located inside Caesars, Java Coast is basically just a cafe that serves coffee, lattes, pastries, and gelato.  Yes, I said gelato. I couldn't help myself and had a scoop of their Peanut Butter Gelato one evening. I thought that this was a little sweet and pricey, but totally hit the spot when you're craving dessert.  In the morning, Java Coast was our breakfast of choice because it was comped. I had a bagel and an iced Americano, while the GF had some chocolate pastry and a latte. I guess we can't complain because we both finished our breakfast.  All their bagels, breads, donuts, and pastries are in a clear bin where basically serve yourself.  Although, there's tongs for you to grab your breakfast, this isn't the most sanitized way to get breakfast. After paying for our breakfast, I noticed a few people grab their bagels, donuts, and pastries with their hands.  This place should at least have signs stating to use the tongs.  As for their prices, seemed like everything was over-priced. I guess I shouldn't complaint since our meals were comped.Overall, I found Java Coast as "Just A-Ok".
2	I stopped by here yesterday with my fiance for a late afternoon pick me up before heading to a show.  The "restaurant" is located in a food court area of Caesars and other than literally having a wall of pastries, there is not much else to say about it appearance wise. After looking over the menu I decided to go with a small iced coffee since even that cost $4!  Ahh Vegas inside casinos, how though rip us off.  One nice thing was that they had actual cream for the creamer which was nice and so I added some cream to my 12 oz cup of coffee (probably 6 oz of coffee with the ice) and away I went.  It ended up being a pretty decent cup of coffee as it was strong and went well with the cream.The bottom line for me is that I probably would not stop by here again in the future.  The coffee was good but if I have the chance, I would love to find somewhere thats a little more reasonable price-wise.  I do realize that I may not be able to do that though, especailly if I am inside a casino.
