4	i just bought my simplicity vacuum there (um 8 pounds and amazing suction, but that is for another review) - and i was totally impressed with all the FABRIC!! this is a quilters/ cotton loving persons paradise!! most are around $7.00 a yard, with a clearance rack with nice prints for about $4- this is where sas fabric lived on the bolt lol.  i will def be back for my next project and to buy vacuum bags - two birds with one trip- nice!
1	Start to finish worst customer service ever!My initial called to them was because the manufacture referred me. I attempted three different times allowing the phone to ring 20+ times before someone answered.The vacuum cleaner was under warranty and I still received a call with an attempt to charge me. Was told it would take two weeks for the vacuum cleaner to come in and that someone would call me.It took more than two weeks and I did not receive the call. I had to call them.I was told they would be closing three hours early. They did not. I left work early and hurried there unnecessarily. Very very disappointed. It is obvious they count on the manufacture referral to keep business.
5	I was about to cry, my heart was beating fast and I was so dreading this moment.  Brian said "How are you",  I said crummy, then I said, "Know really, I'm great", and he your machine's crummy.  He said let's take a look.  I said REALLY.  He didn't ask my name, if I had had my machine serviced there before (I had but it had been a yr and I was afraid he was just going to say you need to have your machine serviced, but he didn't).  He said what's she doin, I told him, he said with any luck, you're just using cheap thread or your needle is dull.  He asked me if I always used this kind of thread (that was on my machine) then he showed me how fuzzy my thread was, not smooth like silk and he showed me how the thread twirled from the bobbin (cheap thread) not to mention that I had the thread in the bobbin in backwards. (Gave me a little lesson in threading the machine and bobbin and where to keep all my dials set.  In case you can't guess, I don't sew only mend when I have to.By this time he is my best buddy.  I'm soooo happy, so I want all the help I can get, so I said do you sell thread, he got me thread, I said do you sell needles, he got me needles, he was taking the old thread off the bobbin, I said don't waste your precious time on that when your teaching me, let me buy bobbins from you.  New thread, new needle BINGO, my machine is perfect.  NOW he wants to know if he has ever serviced my machine cause he says it looks really clean to him and it doesn't need to be serviced.  Well HE serviced it last December, but he just found that out.  Brian has now spent at least 30 mins with me and has managed to sell me 2 spools of thread, a package of bobbins and package of needles.  I was so happy that he had not tried to sell me a yearly service job that I asked him what else I could buy.. He laughed and said there was a really good buy on pink lifetime guarantee cushion soft Breast Cancer 8.5" Scissors with 5.5" scissors free for $10.00.  They were $33.00 retail, now that's a great deal.  But I really wanted to show this man my appreciation for his time and mini lesson and the best way I know how to do that is to spend money in his store, so I went shopping.  Now don't color me stupid nor naive.  If his store had been busy, would I have gotten this kind of customer service, no, but I wouldn't haven't expected it either..  Here's my point, even if there wasn't another customer in his store at that moment, he didn't have to give me that kind of customer service.  That's what we all want and we should get, but we don't always.  BUT I DID GET IT.  BRIAN YOU HAVE NOT ONLY EARNED MY RESPECT, YOU HAVE ME FOR A LIFETIME CUSTOMER AND A GREAT REFERRAL FOR YOUR STORE.  THANKS       TERRI DAHLGREN
