4	I go here late at night and have the $4 chicken wings special...... the cook makes it extra spicy for me, it gives me a real kick haha The late night bartender Wes is cool so come on in sometime and try out the wings or a pizza
5	I love this place--I would be there all day and night if I didn't have a job.  While it looks like every other neighborhood bar from the outside, I have more fun at the Keg than any place else in Vegas.  The bartenders are sexy, funny and way beyond uncensored--everyone has a good time!!!  Daily food specials are always tasty and affordable--Saturday's (and Sunday when football is over) $1.99 breakfast special is truly the best deal in town.
5	This place is great - and makes me feel like home. It is sort of like Cheers - everyone knows your name. But everyone is friendly to newcomers as well. I started coming here because it is a Cleveland Browns bar, but it has become my normal hangout as well. Video Poker Players, if you hit a 4 of a kind with max bet, they write it down on a card and take a picture. Once you hit 15 four of a kinds, you get an extra $100! Even if you don't come often, they will keep your card.  The food is great, the beer is cold, and the staff is friendly and fun. What else can you want in a local bar!
1	The morning/early-afternoon bartender is one of the most unpleasant, awful bartender/servers I've ever dealt with.  Nasty attitude, and absolutely could care less about your experience.  Waited 30 minutes for my food, which was good, and another 15 minutes of which i was STANDING UP at my table before I had to go into the smoky section of the bar to ask for my bill. "I have to go get it- so gimme a minute.", was her response.  The food is great but the treatment and service is inexcusable.  The night-time bartenders are awesome- they deserve to have a better morning staff.  Owner(s)- you're losing business and costing your great employees money, one apple is ruining it for the bunch.  Step up and do something about it.
5	nice people , good food , one of my favorites to watch a game and play video poker
2	Running around with my buddy getting stuff for his Harley we dropped into this joint. Interesting it has the two door entry system bar side smoking and the non smoking side. The non smoking side is off to a bad start as the bar had an attractive friendly lady the non smoking side has the big quiet chef dude.Now I have to say the place had boxing on the TV at 10am so I have to say nothing makes breakfast more entertaining like a good boxing match a golden boy production.The food was just ok for the price which was extremely high for the quality and service (or lack there of). I highly doubt this is a place I will check back into unless I go into the bar where the bartender greet us coming and going. My advice this is a small local place and I would prefer to support these type of places but they need to step up there service to keep us. There were two tables us and the people who were done eating. No excuse for bad service!
4	Great staff and good prices for food and drinks. Food specials daily. I usually eat one if the specials but when I've eaten off the menu it always is a good deal. Lots of TVs showing whatever game is on and they are willing to change a channel if you need them too. Buckeyes/Browns bar to boot.
1	This bar is the Sunday home to Las Vegas fans of the Cleveland Browns.  That's appropriate because like the team and the city it represents, the Kopper Keg is absolutely dismal. (I say this as a native of Cleveland who escaped many years ago The stench of stale smoke permeates everything, including the "non-smoking" dining area.  The service is virtually non-existent, which almost doesn't matter becasue what they serve you may wish never made it to your table.Sorry, but I can't think of a single redeeming thing about this run-dwon, filthy "restaurant & lounge".  Maybe they should add a river that catches on fire once in a while, just to complete the genuine Cleveland ambiance.
5	I love this neighborhood bar! The staff is friendly, the food is delicious (ahi tuna bites and wings are a favorite), and their is a non-smoking side for those who aren't used to Vegas gaming bars (you're in Vegas, get over it). I've been coming here since I moved here, and I have never seen it dirty (per the person below's review). The bar is clean AND they actually have the cleanest women's bathroom I've ever seen in a bar). Yes, it's smoky, like every other bar in Vegas that offers gaming, but the company, bartenders, and food make up for it. If you're looking for your "Cheers," a stiff drink or a yummy hangover meal, the Keg is where you need to be!
4	I feel like I'm in Cleveland! I can't believe I've lived in Vegas for so long, and never been to this Browns backer bar! Only downfall (for me) is that it is a smoker friendly bar. The Skyline Chili during Browns Games only, is a huge plus, and a nice piece of "home." Here we go Brownies, here we go!
2	Love the Cleveland vibe. Great football environment.  45 minute turn around time on food is a joke. Especially because it was wings, salads and sandwiches. We had to return the wings because of the old oil smell was overpowering.
5	Being a Clevelander and living in Las Vegas, I often get homesick for my city on the lake, but when I walk through the doors of the Keg, it's like being home again. Lots of Cleveland sports gear on the walls and the game's always on. This place fills up fast on game day, so get there early if you want a seat at the bar. Food takes a little longer when the Browns are playing, but the kitchen and lovely ladies serving up your dish work really hard to make your experience a good one. And let's not forget about the bartenders! The best combination of sassy and friendly. Sometimes I feel like I'm on an episode of Cheers. The cheese steak sandwich is delicious! You can't go wrong with a burger, either. Overall, one of the greatest bars in the valley when it comes to food and atmosphere. A must-visit for any Cleveland sports fan!
