4	I always support local businesses, especially local coffee shops. I tried the Irish Moon Latte and it was excellent. Service was very fast and friendly. I'd you are tired of the same old Starbucks and Dunken's, I. Would most definitely check this place out if you are in the university are.
5	Love this place, great atmosphere, and the baristas are nice. They make great coffee art too!! I'm always up to support local businesses.
5	My two friends and I were kindly greeted upon entering the store and received excellent service while ordering. I ordered a vanilla latte and sat in the nicely laid out seating area that has a nice warm atmosphere. Our lattes came out after a short wait straight to our table by the barista. None of that starbucks stand and wait, call out your name crap. The latte was excellently crafted in both taste and appearance topped with a latte art rosetta, and one of my friends had a swan. The vanilla latte had a great froth and was not overly sweetened by the vanilla. We also bought a slice of iced vanilla pound cake which was also excellent and received a sample of an cinnamon apple type pastry that I can't wait to try the next time I go. I highly recommend this coffee shop.
3	Well this place is good but one of the barista ladies over there was very hostile and racist towards us. She made us feel uncomfortable.I'm giving 3 stars as I liked the coffee there.
5	Great local hang out. Dedicated baristas who care about what they serve and how it's done. Coffee isn't over roasted like that giant chain we all know so well. Great flavor and consistently good. The owner sources all his beans from local North Carolina roasters,  so it's as local as a coffee shop can be in every sense of the word. Always some fun music playing and people chatting it up. Laid back,  definitely check it out.
5	While I typically go to Starbucks since it's just closer to where I live, I have been here a few times and love the quality and strength of their drinks. The coffee tastes superb and the baristas have all been friendly each time I have been. I actually like the atmosphere compared to someone else who posted otherwise. I feel like I am at home and not in some corporate coffee shop when there. They also do bring your drink to you if you have settled in and started reading or working on something so that's a nice little luxury for a coffee shop. It's locally owned and operated so I like that too. Give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
3	This is probably the best coffee shop in the University area. Granted it is also one of the only coffee shops in this area (that isn't a chain). The thing I enjoy the most about Cafeccino's is the atmosphere: chill, relaxing, pretty steady traffic flow, yet never overwhelmingly crowded. The coffee isn't bad (but would enjoy a bigger variety to pick from).I take a slight issue with the employees, though. I do recognize and appreciate how friendly they are, but sometimes feels a little too chill (boarding unprofessional). They do favor their regulars, and it shows. Sometimes I don't feel overly welcome there. On several occasions I've waited for simple drink orders (i.e. hot tea or drip coffee) close to 10 minutes (while they weren't busy) or my coffee would be lukewarm. Overall, I do like this coffee shop! I just wish I felt a little more welcome there.
5	This is a nice cozy spot. The customer service is awesome and the coffee is reasonably priced. They also have good deli sandwiches and you can order wine what's not to love !!
5	This is one of the best if not the best coffee haven in Charlotte. The atmosphere is terrific the product is fabulous the people are awesome and now I have a great rewards program on top of everything else
5	Great place awesome atmosphere and they have specialty Saturday nights with different themes.
2	Once the home of Caribou Coffee, this University hangout was reborn as Cafeccino.  It boasts the stereotypical coffeehouse decor and offers plenty of seating.  The menu, however, is limited and the staff seems uneducated in the likes of coffee.  Looking for a latte?  This place may work for you.  Seeking counter culture?  They'll give you that tilted head, confused puppy look.  Not that I have any room to talk.  That's the same look I flaunted when I first learned of counter culture and pour over.  Now a lover of both, most other coffee can only be described as lacking.Cafeccino does offer the pour over method but, for me, the coffee was nearly undrinkable.  Perhaps a little pour over training is in order.  Either way, this place just wasn't for me.  I felt as though they were more concerned about their image than their product.  An investment in product knowledge would go a long way.  In addition, they offered a nice patio area but kept the door leading out to it locked.  What's the point?  I first tried entering through that door as I parked near the back patio.  Upon realizing that it was locked, I was forced to pass by the ever so pleasant dumpster while walking around to the front.  This business sets facing West Mallard Creek Church Road and any foot traffic would likely try entering through that patio door first.  Just FYI, an open door is typically viewed as more inviting.  Just sayin'!
5	This place is awesome! Coffee is really good and they have unique flavors of lattes such as marshmallow and cheesecake. The employees are very nice as well.
3	Cool atmosphere and tasty stuff...  But the service is so ridiculously slow it's painful. If you're in no hurry whatsoever then this is a nice place to come hang out...  If you're looking for a quick iced coffee go elsewhere.
4	Cool, modern place with a relaxed feel. The coffee is good, they had a decent food selection, and the baristas are very nice.
5	I have been twice.  Heres what I know.  The regular coffee is good. The chai latte is really good.  They say they are suppose to be getting more bakery items which is good bc an apple fritter and coffee is my thing. If harris teeter it out, Im kinda SOL. The staff has always been friendly and quick to serve me.  Even a little comical once. Perhaps she was using her own supply a little too much.  But it was funny so I find no fault there.  Love the fact they have meat and cheese trays with some wine.  Hate the fact they are not on the south side.  Overall, I will return and love the option of local business vs. craptaskic disneyfide starbucks.
3	I had the breakfast, it was mediocre.  They were out of waffle mix which I had already payed for, the hash browns tasted frozen and bland.  Eggs, toast, and bacon was good.  having to wait 10 min after the rest of my breakfast for the waffle was no bueno.
