4	Part shisha lounge, part Mediterranean/Middle Eastern restaurant, this is a great place to come with a group of friends to enjoy a few hours together. The smoothies are some of the best in the city (seriously), and the kefta kebabs and fattouche are worth trying as well. I never leave hungry. Service is pretty on the ball, and the shisha charcoals are always replaced on time whenever they're starting to die out. Decor is not by any means elegant, but the place has a sort of cozy charm to it, particularly on a crowded evening in the basement.
4	Came here tonight with my friend from school for dinner. He's a Muslim and wanted to go here because they were having a Ramadan special for a very attractive price..15 dollars for a glass of fruit juice, soup, salad, and main course. You can't really do much better than that..and of course you can get dessert elsewhere afterwards! The interior of the place is very very nice with purple couch-benches and comfy chairs to sit on..the main dining area is a bit small but I think there is more seating downstairs (where everyone is smoking hookah) and there may be an upstairs (not sure). Service was quick (all of the food came quickly) but afterwards was quite inattentive. I had to ask three times for a glass of water. The lentil soup and salad were very tasty and just to let you know, what makes this place even more great apart from the low price is that the portions are pretty damned big for the main course! I had the salmon which was coated and served with LOTS of rice with nuts mixed in. It was very very tasty and I am full.  Overall, this is a great little place..I don't know what they have on other nights (we weren't given a menu or anything and they don't seem to have a website) but I am sure it's good. Since tonight was a holy night for Muslims (my friend and most other people in the restaurant had to wait until 8:22 when the day's fast ended) almost everyone there was there to break the fast with a nice big meal. Hell, some of my friend's friends were there too. What was nice was that the staff were allowing people into the basement so that they had a space to say their evening prayers. Next time, we might come for hookah!
3	I remember this place when it opened, it was my favorite shisha. Now it looks dirty and full of loud teens. The service was good enough and it is the only reason I left this place 3 stars.
4	Good food and OK service--but cash only.
