4	This place prides itself for not using any deep fryers and is a trans-fat free restaurant.  I've been here a couple of times and it is actually pretty good.  I was wondering how different it would taste since they don't fry any of their food but everything was still pretty tasty.  I had the angus cheeseburger and the turkey burger another time.  They are pretty big burgers and prices aren't  too bad either, around $8 for a burger w/ fries and a drink.  The angus burger comes in either 1/4 lb or 1/2 lb (basically two 1/4 lb patties, not one huge patty) and served on a wheat bun.  The fries are "aerobaked" but are pretty good, maybe just a little dry compared to fries that are deep fried.  They have different types of condiments, like garlic ketchup!  I tried it and it was good but I could still taste the garlic in my mouth after I left!  There is also different flavored syrups that you can add to your pop/soda!  Overall, not my favorite burger joint but it is good if you're looking for a "healthy" burger!
4	Just for being a burger joint that offers whole wheat buns, baked, "aero", potato and sweet potato fries, and baked onion rings gives it an extra star in my book.  My turkey burger was moist and tasty.  My wife's salad looked good, too.  The place was very clean, and the prices were decent, $4.95 for my 1/3 lb turkey burger, although the serving size of my $2.10 sweet potato fries was small, but I did like them.  I don't know why more places can't offer something as simple as a whole wheat bun.  Wanna burger and fries (are they still fries when they're baked?) w/ out so much bad to it?  Give Topz a try.
2	Does a "healthy" burger sound too good to be true? It pretty much is. The gimmick behind this place is that they use "healthier" ingredients, such as whole wheat buns and less fatty meat- they bake their fries for a lower fat content.That said, I really did not enjoy my meal here. The fries are dry and tasteless, and they shoot the "healthy burger" idea in the foot by serving most of their offerings drenched in dressing and encourage you to heap it up with condiments (probably to counter-act their dry and tasteless patties). Ultimately you could come up with far better on your own at home, but if you're very careful (and don't add all the extra glop) you probably could come out of this place with a less fatty burger. Just don't expect it to taste very good.
2	The place was clean, and the food is fresh, I just thought it lacked flavor.  I'm sure baked fries are better for you, but as expected they just don't taste as good.The other problem I had was the cashier was taking orders and bringing out the food.  I saw her adjust a bun on a plate she was bringing out, but she wasn't washing her hands between taking the money and delivering the food.  I'm sure this is not the norm, but it caught my eye.
4	We have been eating Topz since they opened.  They offer Angus burgers cooked over an over flame, turkey burgers, veggies burgers, and baked sides such as fries, sweet potato fries, and onion rings.  The beef burgers are good but slightly dry.  The fries have improved over the last year as they have added seasoning and are crispier than they used to be.  The sweet potato fries are awesome.  They also have baked cheese sticks and they are only $1.95  for an order of 5.  They taste exactly like their fried counterparts, and I don't know any place in Charlotte that offers 5 cheese sticks for under two bucks.They also have some very good salads, especially the Asian one.  One of the proteins you can get is ahi tuna and is good - but like any tuna steak, it needs to be rare.They also have some other entree like options which are also good.  The prices are very reasonable for the food and quality.  The sanitation grade is always over 100.  I don't know how healthy the food is as far as fat content and the like compared to other burger joints, and honestly I don't care.  I like the food here because of some stomach issues and none of the food is greasy.  We eat here at least once every two weeks, and sometimes more often.  They are good people and offer great service.
4	Decided on a whim to give these guys another chance today, and I'm pleased to say they redeemed themselves somewhat.This time I had two of their 100% beef hot dogs, which were excellent. The rolls were fresh and perfectly toasted, and they got my toppings right. I also had a side of the Aero Fries, and they were considerably better this time than when I first went- crispier and more flavorful. Service was very friendly (though a bit on the slow side).I'll still be steering clear of the dressing-soaked burgers, but their hot dogs get the thumbs up. My only complaint is the price, which is a little high- over $9 for two dogs and a small fries (no drink) is a bit excessive. Still, I suppose it's on par with places like Five Guys.Well done, Topz- you changed my mind.
3	So I claim to be a health nut, but I certainly have cravings for a burger once in awhile.  I have been in search for the best burger in Charlotte (a perfect 10 burger is an In 'n' Out Double Double) and figured I'd try Topz.  Granted I can't expect Topz to compare to In 'n' Out and I liked the option of a "healthier" burger.I did get the all angus burger on a healthy wheat bun, but felt the burger was average overall.  Nothing overly flavorful or juice about it.  On top of that, a side option was fries, which is imperative to have with a burger.  The fries were average too.  I noticed them taking the pre-cut fries out of a manufacturer's bag.  Sigh.Overall, my impression of Topz was average.  I'm disappointed because I thought it would be a great alternative by having a "healthier" burger, but I think when you get a burger, you have to throw health out the window.  Heart-attack, here I come.  I'd do Five Guys or Big Daddy's before Topz.
3	Solid place to get a burger. I stopped in here thanks to a Groupon but they also have a coupon or two in the Citipass book. My beef with this place is it's one of those places where you walk in and are unsure about if you just wait there for your food or if you sit down and wait for them to bring it. So we sat and waited and the food finally came around. I got the turkey burger--succulent and hot off the grill-just the way I like it! They have lots of condiments to sample as well, include garlic ketchup-my new love!
1	Had high hopes for this place. Read the decent reviews and figured I would use my Groupon.  The burger was just not hitting it and I was very surprised the sweet potato fries were just, plain ole out the bag. The fancy name " Aero Sweets" made it seemed like they were homemade and cut. My friend had tried the mozzarella sticks and said they  taste fake cheesy and very breaded. I give places a chance, but I think I will not try this place again. I will say the girl taking the orders was very personable and the owner seemed to be a nice fellow.
4	CLOSED :(  Feel bad for the owners and employees...they were good people.  I think the location hurt them, as did Red Ventures moving to SC.
4	CLOSED. Very sad that they're out of business.
