3	I have never been to El Pollo Loco before so I had no idea what to expect. Was it going to be like Taco Bell or Del Taco? Turns out,  it's completely different than the aforementioned fast food joints. When I walked in there was a huge grill behind the counter loaded with, suprise, pollo. It was unexpected because the chicken looked fresh and of supermarket quality. Plus there was just a shit ton of it. I also liked the fact that there was an actual salsa bar. I had a coupon for a stuffed quesadilla combo that came with a drink and chips for $5. I ordered the quesadilla enchilada style - it was pretty substantial and tasted better than I expected. The wait time was longer than I would have liked. It took about 10 minutes. And they gave me a buzzer for my order. WTF? A buzzer for a fast food joint? Anyways, since it took a little long for me to get my food,  they gave me a free brownie!Customer service was great. I think I was greeted 3 seperate times. This is a brand new location, and you can tell the employees are still getting the hang of things. All in all, El Pollo Loco is a bit pricier than say Del Taco, but the food is higher quality.
3	In general, I like El Pollo Loco.  This location, though, is brand new and appears to have some minor growing pains to work through.  First, I think they need to hire more help.  We were there at about noon and just about every table was dirty.  The whole time we were there, no one came out to clean.  I can't guarantee it, but looking behind the counter, it appeared that only two people were working.  And, second, the music is overly loud and pretty awful.  I'm getting tired of going into restaurants and being blasted with bubblegum pop (especially when the average age of the clientele is probably about 40).  Plus, this is a Mexican-ish restaurant.  Something a little more ethnic might be nice (I'm NOT talking mariachi bands here).  While we were there, only one of the songs played was in Spanish.Neutrally, the food seems to be about the same as any other El Pollo Loco location (though our cilantro dressing was a bit thin, today).On the positive side, I'd like to say that this particular location is very nice looking.  It's got floor-to-ceiling windows on three sides, so it has a very open feeling.I also have a suggestion for all El Pollo Locos:  instead of microwaving your tortillas (which are just bland, commercial things), how about tossing them onto your grill.  You might have to watch the timing, but it might add some much-needed flavor to them.
1	Very disappointed !I have been eating at El Pollo Loco  for years but last night I was so disappointed the food that i ate it tasted so bad I won't come back here for a long long time.
1	This is a bad El Pollo Loco location. I have been a few times on a lunch break and my food was messed up each time and I had to go back and have it corrected. I said I didn't want any guacamole or avocado yet it was on and in my food. I said I wanted a bean and cheese burrito and they put rice in it. I ordered a carnitas taco and got a chicken taco. The wait in drive thru or inside is ridiculous and waiting a long time and not even getting the right order only to have it done again just isn't right. I had a chocolate churro and it actually tasted burnt and nasty. Like a crushed up oreo cookie gone wrong. Definitely not one of the better locations.
