5	Good food and service. We tried a little of everything since this was our first time here.  The best part was the carne asada quesadilla.  It had so much meat and cheese.  The salsa bar is pretty legit also and it has 5 different salsas.after I selected my salsa the nice cashier lady came over and brought me a bag to put them in so they didn't spill.  Next was the bean and cheese burrito enchilada style.  The carnitas weren't that great but they weren't bad.  The carne asada taco was good but Would of been better With some avocado and less onion.  If you're in the area you should for sure Check them out.
2	Food was really good my only complaint is that if you want cheese and guac on your rolled tacos its gonna cost you and extra 3.50 I just cant stomach paying almost 8 bucks on three rolled tacos.. the torta was good and good priced I just cant get over 23 bucks for 2 orders of rolled tacos and a torta..that's crazy!
2	I live right by here so I had high hopes, unfortunately with so many other better Mexican places around town I probably won't be back. The carne asada burrito was very light on the meat, and it was a little dry and bland. At one point I actually spit some out because I couldn't chew it.The service was good though. I hate to knock on new small businesses but hopefully you can use this feedback to improve.
5	Tried this new taco shop on the corner of Ft. Apache & Sahara. I was hesitant because I've had so many disappointments but it was the best crunchy taco & chile relleno I've had since my old favorite spot shut down 2 years ago. Made to order crunchy shell & the carnitas came w/guac. The relleno was kind of like a Mexican spin on eggplant parmesan, so a little different but AWESOME! The adobado taco was good too & the fluffy rice & light colored beans were good but I'd skip them & order another taco instead. Nice salsa bar & the owner is nice & speaks good English so he explained the salsas to me & he'll accommodate special orders. Tostadas aren't on the menu but someone got one & it looked yummy! Please visit if you're in the area so it stays in business. I can't lose another favorite spot!
4	Yummy! Authentic Mexican food! Everything is made fresh. The sauce for the enchilada was spot on. It hit the spot. We don't like beans, but the beans here almost taste like mashed potatoes. We even loved whatever cheese they used in their carne asana nachos lol. But the winner has to be the salsa. All homemade and you get to choose between 4 salsas.  The little old lady behind the register was so nice too. She kept stopping by to see how we were doing and even stood around and chat with us a bit. She even took a chair for a little as she has back pain. Lovely small authentic mexican restaurant.
5	I've eaten here several times now & the chile rellenos are always perfect! The owner is super friendly & remembered me after the first visit. I had my carnitas taco made into a tostada today & it was to die for, though you do need to eat it quick before the center gets soggy. They need to put that option on the menu! They also deliver. LOVE this place!
5	I'm here right now..third time this week. Small but clean and newly renovated ...the food is outrageously good..I have had their carne asada torta(my favorite), carne asada buritto and the adobada buritto , bean and cheese burrito(best I ever had) and now the breakfast burrito( not big but still good) and horchata . Everything is great and you can definitely tell its fresh. There salsa is also freshly made everyday ..its a little hidden between the 76  gas station and creative kids learning center.
4	I just have to add.. I HATE beans.. but the beans here are so good! I finish it every time! I don't know what sauces they use here for everything, but it never disappoints!
3	If there was ever a place that deserved a 3.5 star rating Apache Taco Shop would be it. I'd have to say that their salsa bar is easily the stand out at Apache. They make a mean tomatillo sauce with a whallop of flavor and just enough heat to get the nose running. As for the rest, nothing spectacular.After trying their carne asade I'd have to say I'm not a fan. It's just flat out bland compared to the other meats they have. I'd personally stick with the chicken. The chicken is heavily seasoned and goes well with the sauces they offer and their style of burrito.Their burritos are not made like your average run of the mill burritos. The only ingredients that they put in their burritos are the meat of your choice, beans, rice, and pico de gallo. No cheese, lettuce, sour cream, or guacamole. For an additional charge you can add those extras on. But sitting at under five dollars a burrito, you can't really complain much.Not a bad spot to grab a burrito during your lunch break but don't expect to have your mind blown.
5	Meats for all items on the menu aren't cooked until you place your order. Wait time is still reasonable for such freshly prepared food. Not a fast food joint. Seating is limited but available. Big take out business too.
5	Great service, hot sauce bar was very clean and the salsas were all fresh and taste great. Fast service....will come back again..
5	Great food, had there fish tacos and there beans are so good.  Small clean and friendly place.  Will be going back soon,
2	My carne asada torta was terrible. The meat marinade made it seem store bought and it was so tough I could barely eat it. Was hoping for an authentic west side Mexican spot. Um...you better fix it guys, cause that meal sucked.
2	First time coming here and I ordered the chili Rellenos plate for myself and a carna asada burrito for my husband. I was very please  with the size of the chili relleno but was very disappointed with the sauce on top. It taste just like a cheap can of spaghetti sauce and looked like it too! Terrible flavor killed the whole meal, not to mention the rice was extremely dry and hard.My husband said his carne asada was good but wish they out more in the burrito. The burrito would have been more enjoyable if there weren't any of the hard dried up rice inside of it. The beans were ok. Weren't watery and runny like other places can be.
2	Nice people but 1) the carne asada burrito has too much rice and beans in it and  2)  The rolled tacos were kinda squishy.  I am sticking to Roberto's for my taco shop fix even though Roberto's is nothing compared to the good taco shops in So. Cal.
4	Had to kill some time waiting for a place to open.  Stopped in at apache and got a enchilada plate, red, cheese, actually white cheese that was melted.  I was shocked to be honest.  The sauce did seem to be tomato based which I'm not a huge fan of but it tasted pretty good.  Also at 6 bucks for that plate cheaper than most.
4	Dude..    I keep looking for the Taco...    the one that I can write about in loving terms...    the one I can make my go to Taco...      still havent found it but these are good...    really good.    This place isn't pretending to be anything its not...    its a little place...    4 tables...    right next to a gas station...     but what they do, they do darn well.I should really say...    since I have bee reviewing tacos lately...     that I keep looking for the taco that comes close to the taco I had in Tampa Florida...   Place called Caiifornia Tacos to-go.    By far the BEST I'VE EVER HAD.    I think that there fish tacos could solve the middle east peace process....   ( Ok   I my like them too much...   my bad..    I digress)Now Apache...    cool vibe...    The owner is there and he has a great sense of humor.    He led us throught the choices and we sat and got our food...      good...    really really good and at a pretty darn great value as well.    Oh and another thing...   if you're close by...    you have them as a choice for delivery.   I cant tell you how many times I wanted somthing delivered, but didnt want Pizza or Chinese...     Yes tacos are now a delivery option.Listen...   may not be a regular, but I will be back and really...    if your in the mood for a taco, just go...   you wont be dissapointed.
5	Great food and very nice owners. The fish tacos are thebomb.com. Definitely worth a try for yourself, I try to eat here at least a couple times a month.
4	Holy Apache tacos! Was pleadingly surprised at how good this taco joint was. Tiny hole in the wall. Decided to check it out for lunch. I tried the enchilada plate, which was tasty, and the bf got the carne asada burrito. The carne asada was marinated in some delicious sauce cause the flavor was on point. Only weird thing is they are a little stingy with the salsa/hot sauce bar. There's a giant sign that says 'one serving only' haha. Weird, but good.
5	We were looking for a place to eat and stumbled across this small taco shop not far from our home. It's a small and quant place next to a gas station. I would not call this place a hole in the wall or dive but just like most hole in the wall family owned restaurants this one rocks! The food is authentic, you can tell immediately that you are in for a real authentic meal. We have been here many times and I have to say my favorite is their fish tacos and their homemade chips. Yes they actually make each bag of tortilla chips from scratch by slicing up tortillas and frying them. Most Mexican food in general bloats my stomach and gives me indigestion, but not Apache Taco! It must be because they use only fresh ingredients and no crap or fillers. We will definitely be ordering from them again in the future, in fact perhaps we will order in and have them deliver this evening. If you are looking for a quick meal try apache taco instead of Taco Bell or Dell Taco for a healthier option.
3	Both times I've been here there's only a single guy running the show: taking orders, making them, and serving them. All one guy. It's a lot for one person to handle.Fish taco is huge- one is filling, but I'd personally ask for it without pico, as theirs has a ton of jalapeno in it that just overpowered the great fish for me. Burritos are a good size for a good price (under $5!), but you have to add on extras like cheese, sour cream, or guac. Still not a bad deal.Salsa bar has five different options, all of which were tasty in their own way. Signage suggests customers only take what they need for their current meal, which strikes me as odd seeing as how fresh salsa doesn't actually keep all that long and this place has never been busy.
4	I've driven by this place so many times and I've always wanted to try it. Finally, tonight I tried it. There is only one man working. He takes the order, cooks the food, just little old him. I don't mind, I just feel sorry for him that he has to do everything alone. It's a small restaurant. I almost walked into the wrong restaurant next door to it bc it's so hidden. I ordered the shrimp taco and chicken taco. And some chips and salsa. I ordered 5 tacos total. My total was $18 and some change. The guy was nice, food was pretty good. The shrimp tacos were my favorite so far. Tasted authentic and I enjoyed every bite. The chicken taco was ok. The chicken was dry and seemed a little old. Maybe it's been sitting there a while. All the salsa are yummy. I saw the other reviews that said that they deliver. I got sooo excited but when I asked the guy, he said they only deliver mornings now bc he is all alone at night. Awwww :( I like this place. Taste like the real thing.
