3	Another from the local group.  Recently opened with two dining areas and a large bar.  The bar is large and has about 10 TV's. 30 beers on tap.  Looks like a good bar to go to with a group.Ordered from the lunch entrees.  Parmesan Crusted Chicken & Gnocchi that has a tomato basil sauce with some chopped tomatoes.  The chicken was good, cooked just right with some nice taste of the Parmesan.  Waitress was good.  The place was not real busy since it just opened recently.
2	This place just opened last week so a coworker & I decided to try them out.  We were seated in the dining area.  The decor is quite nice.  The staff was very upbeat & friendly but, as my coworker put it, they have some kinks to still work out.Shortly after we were seated, we had two different servers attempt to take our drink order.  There seemed to be some confusion over who was supposed to be handling our table.  After it was figured out, I ordered the flat bread chicken sandwich.  The flat bread was burned rather badly on the edges and underside.  Also it really did not resemble much of a "sandwich", it was more or less just piled on to the plate.  I was also told I'd have a refill as soon as the iced tea was done brewing but it never happened.  On the upside, the sweet potato fries were very good and my coworker's burger also looked very appetizing.If you do visit, I would suggest trying to get seated in the bar area as it looked very open with a lot of natural lighting but would recommend you avoid the flat bread chicken sandwich.
5	The service was top notch. You must try the pork nachos.  Dressings are all made in house and are very good.
5	My husband had my 50th birthday party there one week after it open. All I can say is the food was very good. The private room was set up so everyone could mingle. The service was outstanding!!! We had over 50 people there and we never had an empty glass and the food was continuously replenished . We will definitely be regulars.  Markus the manager was so accommodating, He has a great staff. I can't wait to go back.
5	My wife and I had dinner at the new Walnut Grill last night.  I usually wait a couple months until the bugs are worked out of any new restaurant, but my friends said the food was great and to give it a try.  We weren't disappointed. The the balsamic and wild mushroom chicken dishes were fantastic.  The table service was excellent.  The only snag was waiting a short time on a reservation.  Again, we eat out regularly and have experienced nightmares going to new restaurants.  This was a minor issue for us since they were extremely busy.  I gave them 5 stars based on what they accomplished in a short period of time.  The food and table service are worth the wait, but make make reservations on weekends to avoid longer waits.
5	Their food is great. I had the chicken and mushrooms in a light cream sauce and was pleasantly surprised. I only wish they had coupons or discounts, as their food is somewhat pricey.
5	My fiance, future mother-in-law, and I attended dinner here recently. We were so impressed that we ended up booking our rehearsal dinner here! The crabcakes were delicious, my fiance had an out of this world steak, and my MIL had the balsamic chicken, which is my new favorite dish. The atmosphere was very friendly and the waitstaff was super attentive. They do have certain specials on different nights, and we happened to get the $15 bottle of wine night. Being it seems as though they switch up their wine selection, that is the only thing that the waitress wasn't 100% sure about, but she checked on our questions before bringing our bottle out.As for the private space, there is a large back room that will fit a very large group of people. It can also be split into two separate rooms which is a very nice feature for smaller groups. One of the rooms has access to the outside patio and we have been told that by the summertime they may even be offering live music outside.All in all, this place has a great vibe. It is modern without being over the top and the food was phenomenal. Not knowing all of the restaurants in our area, it had been extremely hard booking a rehearsal that everyone would like that would also have a relaxed vibe and would also be under $40 per person. After eating at Walnut Grill, the choice was an absolute no-brainer.
4	Came here on a Saturday night with friends. Highly recommend making reservations as it is a new restaurant in bridgeville.Great selections and I highly suggest the tomato basil salad dressing. It is so good! Serve warm bread with specialty butters and always have drink specials. Saturday nights are $4 Long Island iced teas. Desserts are not too large and shouldn't be skipped over. Hoping to go soon for brunch! Oh and they have a take out menu!
4	Nice atmosphere and decor.  Bar is a good place to meet with friends and colleagues.  Food is pretty good and our kids enjoy their meals as well which is always a challenge.  I would recommend for a variety of experiences from hanging out, happy hrs, to family dinners.  Service is friendly and prompt.  Waiting for summer to see what its like on their patio.
2	Decided to check the new one out in Bridgeville with a friend for dinner. Made a reservation but found the place fairly empty that it really wasn't needed.The ceiling appears to be unfinished and now and then a "heater" would blow for a small time to try to warm the room.The menu specials are misleading. They advertised a stuffed shrimp with crabmeat for only $12.00 but in actuality that was really an appetizer.We ordered French onion soup and salads. The soup was very good. The salad I had was fair.On the plus side we received prompt and courteous attention.The menu appears to be overpriced so we decided not to go with the high ended dinners. Please note this is a "chain" restaurant. Dress is casual.Chances are we won't be coming back.
3	Love Walnut Grill. Great happy hour spot and I've enjoyed dinner here before but the new brunch is aweful! Worst brunch I've had in some time...most items were store / warehouse brought vs being made in-house and lacked flavor, no omelet station and desserts weren't good either. Sorry  Walnut Grill :(
3	This is basically somewhat-upscale diner food.  We ended up here on New Years Eve (long story, but an emergency prevented us from getting to the restaurant where our original reservation was on time).  I was surprised at how many people chose to eat at this very casual establishment for NYE and the staff was slammed.  Our server had a terrible attitude.  My friend found a very long hair in her food and the server was very rude about it.  The manager came over and was appropriate.  I'd go back for a casual lunch or dinner but this is definitely not a special occasion place.
5	Just take a look at the photo of the salad....the photos tell only half of the story.   The food was as good as it looks.  We ordered one Caprese Salmon Salad and one Cobb Salad.  The Caprese Salmon Salad came and it looked like a work of art.  A large piece of grilled Salmon, grilled and lightly season, fresh, soft, Buffalo, mozzarella cheese, sliced, Heirloom tomatoes with a Balsamic sauce drizzled around everything.  The Cobb Salad was a mixture of sliced chicken, bacon, sliced egg, tomatoes, lettuce....chopped to perfection.  I love a salad that I don't have to cut.  Both salads were amazing...I rinsed my salad down with a glass of Pelligrino served in a Wine glass with a slice of lemon and a slice a lime....yum...Our server Courtney was sweet and attentive and gave us the Veteran discount...every Tuesday every Veteran gets a FREE meal with a purchase of a meal.  So calling all VETERANS....come on Tuesday for your free meal.We both had a great lunch and a great time.We will be back...
5	Never had a bad experience here. great, extensive food and drink menu. Clean place. They also have great specials for each day of the week!
4	Love this place. Staff is friendly and food is delicious. Recommend the chicken with mushrooms, strip steak or gnocchi.  We have never left disappointed!
4	Food is good, a little pricey.  Staff is always friendly
4	Ate here recently with my daughter, son-in-law and his parents.  We were in town for a visit. We thought we were going to have to have a long wait since it was busy and there were six of us, but they got us right in on the heated patio.  I ordered fish tacos and chose a baked sweet potato as my side.  They were delicious.  It was so much food.  I got three tacos and the sweet potato was HUGE. Everyone else at the table really enjoyed their meals.  Drinks were good and we were able order at happy hour prices for dinner. Waitress was very friendly and professional  Overall a good experience.
4	I've been wanting to try Walnut Grill for so long. Now I'm kind of disappointed I didn't go sooner! First of all, the swanky atmosphere of the restaurant is very cool. We sat on the heated patio - which I'm actually grateful for since the "inside" restaurant seemed a little loud. You still get the atmosphere on the patio, but being able to visit with everyone at the table was nice.We ate here on a Saturday, and it's really nice they still do a happy hour on the weekend. 5-7 is $3 drafts, $3 house wine and $5 Long Island Iced Teas. The drafts even include some craft options which was very nice! The menu itself had so many unique items on it, it was hard to choose from. The meat and pasta entrees on average ranges from $15-$20 so i was a little tempted to choose a sandwich since that was a little cheaper (parents were paying and I always feel bad getting something on the pricier side) but I just had to try the Thai Pork Mac n' Cheese. It was delicious! Don't be fooled by the mac n' cheese title though - it's much more of an alfredo pasta dish. So delicious. I was full but kept eating because it was so good.Everyone at the table was very happy with their food - some other dishes people got were the sweet & spicy chicken, fish tacos, gnocchi, greek pasta and sun-dried tomato pasta . The service is also super nice and helpful.
5	Excellent Cobb Salad!!!
5	...had a function here with individuals at work and it turned out to be a great time. The food was excellent and the holiday beers flowed. We were positioned outside in a tented area which I thought was initially odd, but it was well heated and was a good barrier from the other patrons.
3	I remember when this was a Damon's. They've really changed it inside for the better. Bright blues and wood touches, but I didn't go into the dining room. I was impressed with the draft list and there were some interesting cocktails on the menu, but we were only in for a quick lunch.The Pittsburgh chicken salad was okay but not interesting. The lobster mac and cheese and deviled eggs were awesome appetizers though. They didn't skimp on the lobster. I also tried some of the cod entree and it was good.The lounge has a lot of TVs and it seems like an unexpectedly good place to watch a game. Actually, better than Damon's ever was!
