5	Sweet treats!  Caramel apples.  This trumps Christmas cookies.Holiday traffic combined with battle amongst those in the rush to get home is a drag.  Yelp Event helps render the situation.This place must be like heaven.
5	Great event! There was a wonderful array of goodies to sample, from a variety of fudges, nuts, chocolates, and chocolate covered  everything. There was also sampling of their gelato, wines, and bottled drinks. You got the chance to go back and actually make some sweets, which was really cool too. There wasn't much for vegans (even the sorbet gelato flavors contain a milk product), but it was still a great event, and I was able to snag some Xmas gifts at 20% off. Plus, we were sent home with a goody bag of treats, which I'll be gifting. Bonus! ;)
5	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CGf6lVfhF8Awhhhhhh, when I walked in I had childhood memories of South Hampton Long Island fudge shop, for sure. I am currently in a sugar coma! Wow, so much indulgence. We even got to make a few treats and then take them home. This place is the best! They have all types of nuts, fudge. treats, apples, and even Gelato. It was pretty amazing. I am not sure how I will sleep tonight with my blood sugar levels being in the Candy Cane region levels. lol. The couple who own this and their Flagship, Flagstaff shop are the nicest people. I wish them great luck on Mill Ave in Flatland territory. Thank you Lindsey, store employees, and the shop's delightful owners, for the kind service and Yelp Swag! You should check out their gift boxes for holiday gifts.
5	My mouth is watering as I type this review. All I can think about is chocolate and fudge. I had a very good time meeting the owners as well as the wonderful staff. The moment I walked in my eyes just melted. I felt like a kid again with all the treats calling my name and not sure which way to turn. The creative variety of candy tickled my fancy. It was interesting tasting chocolate mixed with some my favorite candies. My eyes were dead set on the chocolate dipped Pringles. Who would ever imagine dipping your potato chip into chocolate. Well a kid of course because I sure felt like one when I bit into it. Another favorite of mine was the butter finger topped fudge. This is something I will defiantly be coming back for. Along with the dark/milk chocolate sea salt caramels. Yum!I have to stop the list goes on. There are more exiting treats from candy apples on a stick, chocolate covered pretzels and marshmallows. You'll find taffy and popcorn. Jelly Beans and Old Fashion Soda. I can't forget the Gelato too. So many options for all types of sweet tooth cravings.The venue was neat, organized and decorate like a old fashion candy store. You can tell the owners are so passionate about what they do. I wish them nothing but loads of success. This was overall a great experience and I can't wait to visit again.
5	I love these small, intimate Yelp events so much. This one was just the right size for mingling and relaxing. But someone must have told the owners of the Sweet Shoppe to expect an army because they had A TON of food for us. Samples of their made in house fudge, chocolates, caramel apples and nuts abounded. Everything was absolutely delicious (yes, I did try one of everything). Even better, they offered us 20% off everything in the store so I was able to get some stocking stuffers for Christmas... they even had a few sugar free options for my diabetic hubby. So awesome! Since this place is just a short distance from work I know I will be back.
5	This was a nice little event. The perfect size really... where everyone got to try everything and a chance to make some delicious sweets! There were definitely way too many chocolate samples to name. Although... my favorite was the dark chocolate sea salt truffle! The butter pecan fudge wasn't bad either. And then everything was served with wine. :)But it wasn't all about the free samples! We got to go behind the counter and make some of our own sweets. We got to dip some marshmallows in chocolate and then pretzel sticks in the caramel (made from scratch). And let me tell ya, that caramel is amazing. Absolutely amazing... I couldn't drink or eat too much since it was a lot of sugar to consume, but I probably consumed more than a week's sugar that I eat on a normal basis.The staff was super friendly and nice! And the owners too! They were in the back helping us make stuff. Jackie, one of the staff, cut a caramel dipped apple with white chocolate cheese cake. It was a new taste and I loved it. Thanks to them. And thanks to Lindsey setting something up during the holidays. It was totally the right mood and atmosphere for this time of the year!
5	I love these owners. They take such pride in their art and what they create. The science behind making the caramel was fascinating and I loved learning how they take the time to make it right. Awesome small business with delicious sweets, great assortment. The gift basket packages really seem like a great deal too and are perfect for corporate gifts, birthdays, anniversaries, holiday gifts, etc. I especially appreciated making my own chocolate covered marshmallows and caramel covered pretzel rods. Really cool experience overall.
