2	Went here on Christmas day after church just to try it out. Food is what you'd expect, nothing special, nothing horrible. But, the service was atrociously slow... Waited 45 minutes before they took our order. Waitress was apologetic and very friendly, but maybe they were short handed because of the Holiday. Nonetheless, nothing would make me return here!
1	I've recently moved into the neighborhood and decided to try IHOP today. A big mistake. After I was seated I just waited and waited for someone to take my order. And it's not that they were busy. The place was practically empty. I saw waiters just walking past me avoiding eye contact. They didn't even bother to tell me that someone would be with me shortly or something like that. Customer service anyone?Finally a waitress came along and I told her that I've been waiting for a long time. She was apologetic and nice, and came to check upon me 4-5 times during the meal. But by that time they had totally ruin my Saturday with their pathetic service and "I don't care" attitude. None of the people working there looked like they wanted to be there at all.I'm not going back which is a shame as the place is right next to my apartment.
5	I come here most mornings for breakfast (as I work overnights) and compared to some of the other IHOP's, I have been to, this one is awesome! I always have fast friendly service ( granted it's not to busy at  4am) the servings are always good size and freshly cooked doesn't taste like microwave food, like with other late nite/early morning restaurants. Their hot chocolate is great too.
2	Went for the fish fry. Fish was mediocre. When asked if we wanted more fish, we declined but asked for more fries, but apparently that wasn't part of the deal.Server wasn't friendly or fast or good about refills. They had one cook so everything took forever and the pancakes my kids got weren't even cooked all the way. Also, even though the restaurant has posted all over the place that kids eat free, the kid's meals were on the bill and I had to ask them to remove it.We will be hitting a local parish next time for a friendlier atmosphere and better (cooked) food.
4	I recently moved to the opposite side of the 101 and after trying the ones by my new home I have realized that coming to this IHOP is worth the drive. I have not only had some excellent service when I go (for an IHOP) but the food has been consistently good. Never burned and I never waited more than I should to receive my meal. Also have had management interaction here just stopping by to check on us, which is unusual for me, they make me feel valued. Keep it up.
1	Why is it most women, on Sundays anyway, have this expectation you're going to take them to breakfast as some kind of post-coital reward?First it was snuggling.Then snuggling followed by chit-chatting.Now, they've added one more thing to the list...breakfast.You need to reverse this trend, and quickly, before she starts demanding you spend the day with her, probably at Costco or Home Depot.Here's my recommendation.If there's no Waffle House in the vicinity, the next best thing is IHOP, particularly this IHOP.Between the slow service, indifferent servers, botched orders, and flavorless creations, you'll marvel at how IHOP has remained in business for this long. Here's the best part.The next time she says, "take me to breakfast," merely invoke the term IHOP and you're out of the woods.I can't help you with the snuggling or chit-chatting, unless you're the type of guy who can muster up a brain-damaging fart at will, which should stop her in her tracks.  Now you're really home free. Literally.
3	Very pleasant atmosphere here with an older crowd that is refreshing to me.  Food was typical IHOP, nothing bad but nothing great either.  Prices were fair.  Service was better tha most places today.  Among the better IHOPS in Phoenix area I'd say.
2	I'm not sure why I thought going to ihop in the first place was a good idea. I went at lunch time, on a weekday because I was craving some pancakes. The place was mostly empty, but they still couldn't be bothered to have good service. I was sat at a table and waited, and waited.. finally after I stared down a waitress was I finally able to place an order. My food came and it was alright, not sure how anyone could mess up pancakes. I didn't see my waitress again until she brought the check. No "how does your food taste?" or "can I get you anything else?" Actually yes, I really wanted a glass of water but I couldn't get one until the check finally came. Avoid this place.
4	Just have to rave about great service at this IHOP recently. We dropped in for a late dinner (9:00 ish) and were the only ones in the place.  Some road construction nearby made it difficult to get to this parking lot but we managed.  I believe our waiter's name was Jacob.  He was professional, pleasant, efficient and he took our order in WRITING - and delivered exactly what we requested.  What more can you ask?IHOP is IHOP - on this night, it fit the bill and this young man renewed my faith in good service.  Keep up the good work!  People will notice.
4	After not getting a meal at another spot this morning, we headed over to IHOP in hopes of FINALLY getting a meal and they did not disappoint. I mean Jared took such good care of the 8 hungry women that came barreling into the place. It took all of 30 mins tops to get our food and that is from the time we walked in, sat down and ordered. Thank goodness as I am not sure we could have taken any more restaurant disappointments. Eggs, bacon, coffee, hashbrowns, pancakes. What more can you ask for? Fast, piping hot, cooked just right. SCORE! Thank you, thank you, thank you! Especially to Jared! You rock buddy!
2	Portion size has diminished greatly or maybe it was just my plate that day, either way it pissed me off.  The pictures made it look like a decent portion size. I have been to IHOPs where they actually filled their plates. The plates are big for big portions, if you're going to reduce the portion size bring it on a smaller plate.
1	Horrible service waited for a table for 30 after being told 5 min. Waitress seating people removed us from list without calling our name. Sit down and still no service have to flag down a waiter to be told it isn't their section   Never coming back
1	Restaurant in crisis.  What a horrible experience I had trying to enjoy a Labor Day breakfast with my daughter. A good 20 minutes between drinks and ordering food was the start. As I started looking around, i noticed how stressed out the servers looked. Another 30 minutes later, our order showed up. My daughter's order was wrong, my pancakes were cold and the quarter cup of eggs were horrific. Bacon was border line raw. When I brought it up to the server, I got a whole lot of excuses - "the cook was freaking out" was what I was officially told.  She disappeared and wasnt seen again for a while. Drinks were empty and my daughter asked to drink my remaining orange juice so she could swallow her remaining pancakes. I was about to get up and get the refills myself when our server finally showed up again. In an attempt to salvage the event with my daughter, I choked down the subpar food and we left. On the way out, we ran into the manager who was just coming in. It was apparently her day off. She proceeded to tell me how understaffed the establishment is and that she needs to hire more help. No kidding.   I know we all have bad days, but not on my dime. Never again. Buyer beware.
5	I am always completely taken care of at this IHOP. Irvin was so helpful and attentive. Everything was delicious! Thanks to all of you!
1	Possibly the worst run restaurant I've ever been to in my life. They keep tables dirty for 20 to 30 minutes no one approaches you to take an order or give you water. The chain should be ashamed of this franchise or the corporate store. Never wanted to give a negative but wish I could. Pathetic.
1	Pancakes were not steaming hot. They give one small hard as a rock ball of butter that punctures the skin of the pancake. Hash browns were not served with the pancakes. The wife's French Toast was obviously frozen and not served hot.A little advice for Ihop management. Have an Ihop management type that likes pancakes order pancakes with one hard minuscule piece of butter on barely lukewarm pancakes and see if he/she enjoys that meal. Then go  over to the Waffle House and learn how butter should be served. For those management people that need the cliff notes version, you serve the butter soft and the pancakes hot so that the butter melts on to the pancakes.I've heard some scuttlebut over the years that there are health code regulations about serving butter soft. I find that hard to believe since every other restaurant I visit seems to have soft butter.This will definitely be my last visit to Ihop.
1	Wow. Feel bad for the waiter who is doing everything here seemingly because someone didn't staff the place properly. We got here literally 1 hour and 15 minutes ago and we just now got food, no it's not packed. There are maybe 4-5 tables. The food is disgusting, cold, rushed. The waiter is so stressed out it looks like he was given both horrible treatment and way too much responsibility. I get that this is IHOP and not a fine dining establishment. I get that this is a different style of casual dining and expectations shouldn't exactly by at 5 stars.  Someone seriously needs to address the lack of staffing in this place and furthermore - simply shut down the place if you can't stay open or don't have the people. CLOSE. Every single plate is disgusting, undercooked and cold. We come here every week and it's not usually great, but this... This was unacceptable. I really don't know how IHOP is willing to put it's name on this building. Something's got to give here. 2 hour visits are unacceptable.
5	Went to IHop for my birthday and also the verynext day. Desiree was my server both days and she was incredibly fantastic. I told Tina the manager and she agreed! Apparently many people notice the great service Desiree gives them. Thanks! Can't wait to come back to see you two!!
3	This place is a hit and miss experience.  The location is great.  Zoom off the freeway and I'm there.  Zoom back on the freeway.  The food?  Basic Ihop stuff.  Zoom zoom
1	I would give zero stars if it was possible. The service wasn't bad except for the fact that they gave me water that had things floating in it, and when I asked for another glass there was no difference. IT LOOKED LIKE TOILET PAPER IN MY WATER. There were also eggs that had spilled onto the floor and 45 minutes later the manager sat a table while stepping over the eggs stating it had just happened. The most disgusting establishment.
2	Came here for National pancake day where you may donate dollars for the free short stack of plain buttermilk pancakes.  Added hash browns and an egg, but my server forgot to add the egg order.  I reminded him of the omission after a few minutes and told him I didn't want it anymore, but a manager brought one over, anyway.  Hash browns were OK, crisped the way I requested it, but the pancakes tasted very sweet, and I hadn't even added any of the syrup I'd brought, not like any other kind of pancake I've had at local breakfast places, such as Good Egg, Snooze, Soul Cafe, and even U.S. Egg.  I ate one at the restaurant, and took the leftovers home, but they turned rubbery the next day and was inedible.  I could taste the sugar left on my teeth when I tried to take a bite...I won't be back for the free pancakes, but perhaps, in a pinch*, I could have more of the crispy hash browns, bacon, and eggs.*Thanks to Jeffery A., who made me realize I didn't have to throw the baby out with the bath water!
2	I came here pretty early one morning with a friend. So of course, we were the only table there. I asked for chocolate chip pancakes and the server literally gave me plain buttermilk pancakes and sprinkled a few chocolate chips on top. My friend ordered an eggs benedict with a side of hash browns. Ten minutes later, the server came back with it and said, "The chef didn't know how to make it, he doesn't have a recipe for it so he wasn't sure if it was right. Is this how it's supposed to be made?" My friend and I gave each other a look like 'what the fuck'? After the server left, we realized he had forgotten the hash browns. We informed him of that and he said, "Oh yeah, absolutely!" Ten minutes go by and he comes back to our table with a stack of buttermilk pancakes INSTEAD OF THE HASH BROWNS and said, "Here I bought you these for free because I wasn't sure if the eggs benedict was okay or not." He briefly walked away and my friend said to me, "Okay so am I not getting hash browns? I've asked him twice already, not for a side of pancakes." Don't get me wrong, the server was a nice guy and all but you shouldn't inform your customers that the chef "doesn't know" how to cook an entree and had a difficult time figuring it out. The fact we asked for a side of hash browns twice and he came back with something completely different that we didn't ask for says a lot about his lack of communication and listening skills.
1	Stopped in yesterday for a breakfast "lunch". One couple in front of us at hostess desk but no hostess. Maybe 8 booths full and two servers on the floor. Waited a while and finally server came over and asked how many. The first couple says two and the server pulls out four menus and says to follow him. He sits the couple and says "this way" to us. Never been seated like that before. Brought us to a table that was not wiped down and then sat us in back. (later a different server sat a family there still not wiped!) An adjacent table was empty but there was loads of garbage, including silverware and empty dairy cups on the floor.It was still untouched 30 minutes later when we left.Food was okay. Someone there is making bad management decisions regarding number of staff needed and restaurant cleanliness.
1	They don't make whole wheat anymore:(. The pumpkin are cinnamon with a fancy name and even at times they are empty they undercook the pancakes. Gross!  Sadly it's the only place open after 9pm so I may have to return.
