4	This place is really good.  There are five meats (pork ribs, beef ribs, fried chicken, catfish, and perch), and with your meat you get two sides (e.g., collard greens, black-eyed peas, sweet potatoes, mac and cheese, sauteed veggies) and a bread (corn muffin, hush puppies, or dinner roll).  This is for about $8 combined, and you can also order the sides separately.  Plus there are desserts like sweet potato pie and lemon cake.Doug cooks up all the dinner food in the back, and his wife makes the desserts and does the table service in the front.  That is pretty adorable.  The food is good - no crazy frills, not particularly refined, but solid.  The fried chicken is particularly tasty, with a thin but very crispy skin and super juicy interior.  I also thought the mac and cheese and collard greens were highlights.  The pork ribs were actually underwhelming at the restaurant, but they were significantly better heated up at home the next day.There are about 10 tables in the storefront, but you can also do takeout.  There was not a lot of business when I was there on a Wednesday night, probably because the location is kind of out of the way.  But, you should make it a point to go.  In my opinion, Doug's is a clear winner over Kip's, even though Kip's is also good.
2	I had been tossing it around in my mind whether or not I wanted to review this place.  So, I'm just going to do it.I had the take-out beef ribs, collard greens, black eyed peas, sweet potatoes, and the hush puppies.  I am really picky about ribs, and you could tell that these were not slow-cooked.  They were sort of tough, and not at all how I like them.  I didn't care for the sauce much either.  The sweet potatoes were good, and so were the greens.  Someone stole the black eyed peas from me, so I didn't taste them.  The hush puppies were fabulous though.I dunno.  I really like ribs, but I would never have them from here again.  I don't know if it's worth it to me to go back and try something else.
4	We had the pork spare ribs, fried chicken, collards, mac n cheese, hush puppies, and cornbread.  I liked this place a lot, based on the fact that I think Madison suffers from a dearth of non-tavern informal hole-in-the-wall places to grab some cheap greasy food. (Suffers?  From what I can tell, Madisonians are really happy with their food offerings, so, I guess I mean, I am the one with the bitch).  AMBIANCE:  They seemed kind of empty at dinner time on a weekday, so I'm a little bit worried.  I think they should make the place a little less formal - use baskets, and liven up the inside with some bright decoration.  Ditch the water glasses.  It's ugly inside, and not in a good way.  Feels very 'flat.'  BREAKDOWN:  Pork Spare Ribs -  pretty damn good.  Nice portion of five.  Very tender for spare ribs.  The reviewer below said they were not slow cooked.  These were slow cooked.  So maybe they made some changes in response to complaints.  Fried Chicken - really good.  I think they make it fresh.  You basically get half a chicken (thigh, breast, leg), two sides, and corn bread or hush puppies for 8 bucks.  That's a good deal.  Mac n cheese - not so good.  Very bland (better with salt).  Not greasy enough.Hush puppies -  um, yeah, these are nice.  Never seen hush puppies done with onion.  Collard Greens -  yeah, good stuff.  Cornbread - bland, light, fluffy little muffin.
5	As far as I'm concerned, THE place in Madison to get soul food.  The fried chicken is consistently perfect, the sides are all good, and the hush puppies are fantastic.  Portions are generous, but, if you have room, you can't go wrong with the lemon cake for dessert.  Sure, the ambiance is a little lacking, but the staff is very kind and accommodating.  Go!
4	Especially now that Kipp's Soul Food has closed, Doug's Soul Food really is *the* place for soul food in Madison.  But you don't just need to come here because it is the only place for down home Southern cooking in Madison--you can come here knowing that it really is a great dining experience (I would argue better than Kipp's)!While not all of the side dishes that Doug's offers are spectacular, many of them are quite good (the hush puppies, for sure, and also the collard greens), and the fried chicken is truly to die for.  It is some of the most well seasoned, perfectly cooked fried chicken I've ever had.  For my birthday this year, I ordered a big batch of it to go.  Not only was it delicious, but Doug and Jamie (the owners) were incredibly nice and helpful, and even gave me a discount for my large order!  Along with the delicious food, they make Doug's Soul Food a worthwhile experience.As for the ambiance of the restaurant, well, it's true that the decor is rather spartan.  But to me, that's part of the place's charm.  It reminds me of other small, family-owned businesses that I love that might not have a huge decorating budget or design aesthetic, but know how to treat you right and feed you well.  But if you don't want to eat there, by all means, get it to go!  I'd advise calling in your order about 20 minutes in advance, as the chicken and ribs are made to order.  Keep Doug's in business!  Eat there soon!  (And let me know what you think of the ribs--I haven't tried them yet.)
2	i'm gonna be honest with ya, the food is alright. none fancy. average, it kinda broke my heart, when i asked one of the owners if this was the only soul food joint in madison, she replies " reverend james just open one up on beld street, it's been slow here for 19 months." just to support a locally owned business, ill think ill stop here once every two weeks or so
