5	Arrived in Phoenix and stopped by this place for a late dinner.  Had the double burger and sweet potato fries.  Both were good but the sweet potato fries and dipping sauce were really outstanding.  Could have just eaten a huge plate of these.Stopped in the following morning for their hash breakfast.  Again, no disappointment here.  I'm not really a breakfast hash person but these were recommended and were excellent.  Would definitely order again.  Wait staff was impressive as well.  Out of the way but quick to address any concerns.  Coffee and waters were constantly topped off.  Great experience all around.  Need to go back and try the amazing looking bloody mary.
5	Really great place.  I think they opened recently and are still getting their sea legs, but I see success.  The prices seem high, but the food is worth it.  There is SKILL in the menu.  The service is friendly and genuine.   The only thing I would encourage is 1 or 2 things for kids....but I'll be back.  Several times.  Probably tomorrow.
4	All I can say is wow!Ok, that isn't all I can say, but wow, this place was extremely good, especially for a brand new restaurant. They already have it together. The decor of this restaurant is cute, they have a wall covered in 8 tracks and everything has a 70's vibe. I said the bathroom was like the Jetsons because it is decorated with 70's flair, but has all modern technology (I don't think I had to touch a handle or button in the place...). More importantly, the food was very good and made with local ingredients. I had the breakfast sandwich (at the waitress's recommendation, go waitress!) and it was pretty fabulous. Melt in your mouth short rib that is bursting with flavor served with an over easy egg (that's the way it comes! I know!), tomato jam for a savory and slightly sweet touch, all served on a soft sweet bun. Absolutely wonderful! It came with a small portion of nicely cooked potatoes with peppers and onions (which were especially good when put on the sandwich). The husband had the pancakes, which tasted homemade.... and not 'homemade' from a box. The portion was huge, 3 giant pancakes... he couldn't finish them. Service was good, though the waitress couldn't tell me what kind of coffee they use (it was pretty good, though) and asked if we wanted cream, 1/2 and 1/2 or milk.... we said cream and got milk (ha!), but little things like that will get ironed out I'm sure. The prices here were fairly steep, breakfast was over 30$ with tax and tip, but the quality warranted (to some degree) the price (plus they bring out the check inside of an old book.... that definitely softens the blow of the price, ha!). I can't wait to come back and try their other menu items, including lunch and late night!!
5	Well that was unexpected! This place, as my mom would like to call it, is the bomb! I have been staying at the Graduate for the last week and I finally made it in for dinner...I really should have started eating here a week ago! I can see this place becoming a huge success. I will be back. Actually, I have already made plans on going there for breakfast!
5	First visit to The Normal was very promising. For those of you who are new to Arizona, ASU was previously known as Tempe Normal. Thus, the name. Love it. Located at the newly remodeled hotel now known as the Graduate. Love that name as well. Great location near Gammage Auditorium and the W.P. Carey School of Business.The restaurant has been nicely redone. No evidence that it was once an IHOP. A kind of retro feel. Very welcoming. Very friendly server who helped the vegetarian with whom I was dining maneuver the menu. We sat in place for a long time after our meal and felt no pressure to vacate our booth. Loved the use of vintage Western paperbacks to deliver the tab.Greeted promptly when we entered. Seated immediately. Offered beverages. Order taken the moment we were ready. Yes, perhaps evidence of a three week old restaurant with employees who are trying hard to please, but I sensed it might be sustainable. I was a little concerned The Normal might be positioned to become just another bad hotel restaurant.  Happily, this does not seem to be the case.We only sampled two items. The burrito, modified for a vegetarian pallet, was excellent. The blue corn pancakes were unique. I would order them again, but they were a bit much by themselves and I would consider splitting entrees with a friend next time. I mentioned on a comment card that some color on the plate, perhaps just a slice of orange or the like, would help with its presentation and could break the taste. We appreciated The Normal's emphasis on sourcing locally...Not priced for starving students. Not too high priced. Just a little. The folks dining at The Normal this night appeared to be local, not captive hotel guests, which was nice.Five stars. While the food and surroundings were nice, it was the high level of customer service that made the difference.
3	Just had brunch at the normal and we were left with only a mediocre experience. The place is newly renovated and it has a lot of charm. Service was okay, nothing stand out. I ordered the after school special (brisket grilled cheese w/tomato soup) and the husband ordered the sausage cheddar biscuits w/ gravy. I enjoyed my meal but felt like it was more of just a brisket sandwich, as the cheese flavor was hardly noticeable. When ordering the biscuits and gravy, we thought it would be a sausage gravy, but instead it was sausage links on the side. The sausages had great flavor but the biscuits and gravy fell flat, in fact the gravy was barely warm. I wouldn't mind giving them another chance sometime but we weren't that impressed.
2	Their "spicy" Bison burger has no kick at all, the spicy ketchup at Whataburger has more heat. Only really had cheese, meat and sauce on a bun, nothing else. It's was a very meh burger at a higher price of other really good burger places close by. All the stuff on their menu was overpriced. I'd pass on this place.
5	So we were extremely excited to try this place out It is very close home and work And I must say, we were not disappointed in the least. Renovations look great and Cameron, our server, was nice and knowledgeable. But most importantly, the food was amazing I had the Fat Hen Sandwich and the beef brisket was on point and the tomato jam put it over the top Great first experience, definitely going back to try more!
5	So happy I found myself at this new diner! Food was amazing and the staff and management were extremely helpful and friendly. Their food is made from scratch and  also comes from local purveyors! They really made us feel like our business mattered... Can't wait to go back and try more items on their menu. Oh and PS if you don't get the "Redeemer" off the cocktail list you are seriously missing out. It's by far the best Bloody Mary I've ever had!
5	Really good simple food. Staff is nice and friendly. Would have liked to have known that the special turkey club I ordered had a fried egg on it, but knowing that I don't think I would have ordered it, but it was really really good.
4	This diner is in the new mod style hotel called The Graduate. Apparently the site used to be an iHop but I would not have known it at all. They had it decorated really cool. It is your basic diner set up with stools at a counter and then a bunch of booths but there are a few glam touches like cool fabric patterns and light fixtures.The menu is likewise basic diner food glammed up a bit. Hubby had a burger and fries which he said was pretty good. I ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup which is always a favorite meal of mine no matter where I order it. The soup was creamy and delicious. The sandwich was made with Havarti cheese and had shredded beef brisket in it with a bbq sauce on it that really went well with the cheese. The bread was griddled so that it had the perfect crunch to it. The sauce on the beef was a bit too sweet but other than that it was really delicious. I loved the pomegranate iced tea as well... they do have some alcoholic drinks but we did not partake that evening.By the end of the meal we were both satisfied and happy. Our server brought out the check stuck into a '50s dime store paperback novel which I thought was a cute touch. I think this is a great option for dinner before a show at Gammage (it is right across the street) and so I am sure I will be back.
4	The staff here was incredibly friendly right off the bat. They made several recommendations, including the fat hen sandwich (awesome), quinoa salad and hash. I also had the half wedge salad with green goddess dressing. Highly recommended. If I had one negative thing to say, it would be that the stools at the bar don't have footrests, so if you're of a total normal height of 5'8" like myself, sitting there can be uncomfortable. Head for a table instead. As I sit here writing this review, our server just dropped off complimentary (and delicious!) sugar cookies with the check. Like Schwarzenegger in Teriminator 5, I'll be back.
5	Came here with my friend and I had an amazing burger! Nice and juicy not overcooked at all, perfectly done. The garlic french fries were delicious as well, and my friend enjoyed her minimum wage meal too, though she did comment that the eggs were a bit too spicy for her liking. Overall an excellent meal! :) Will definitely be coming back.
5	The Normal Diner makes 'normal' exquisite. Features homely, simple meals, cooked to perfection, and presented beautifully. It may just be eggs and potatoes, but it is one of the best variations of eggs and potatoes you can find,  A.K.A. 'The Minimum Wage' breakfast.Two flawless eggs over easy, crispy potatoes with herbs, spices, and sauteed poblanos add a small kick. Topped off with thick bacon, and toast of your choice. Portions are just right, even for an American restaurant. At first glance it seemed small but by the end of the meal I was left full with little on my plate. My roommate whom I dined with ate a dish with braised beef short rib, that was extremely tender. He even compared it to his mothers own cooking!The atmosphere and staff made the experience that more pleasant. The restuarants dress is spacious, retro, impeccably clean, and feels like a hodge-podge of decades past, featuring a wall decorated with 8 tracks, and leaving checks attached to dated paperback novels. All of the staff was amiable, and I had a few conversations with some of the waiters. The two waiters I chatted with were ASU students along with the majority of the staff that also appeared rather young. It makes me feel good, knowing I can leave a nice tip, for a waiter who absolutely deserved it, but for a waiter who is also a student. I am currently a graduate student at ASU, and it wasn't that long ago that I remember living off tips from strangers. It pleases me to see Normal Diner employing students, I remember the nightmare of an ihop that preceded Normal Diner. Not only was it bad for an ihop, but their staff was rather crotchety and old, certainly not employing Tempe's younger work force. Normal Diner, is far from 'normal'. I plan on returning frequently, next time I'll have to try their espresso!UPDATE: Their espresso is delicious and comes from a big beautiful pink espresso machine
3	We've experienced the Normal 3 different times now and the experience has been consistent. We want to love and embrace this as our community go to for breakfast but they do have a little work to do. Given that Tempe now has so many great places to choose from, I feel that there is some improvement to be made. The patio is lacking aesthetically, a little cold given that they aren't seeing the sunshine through in that area. Some plants, pops of color, music & heat lamps could really make that area nice. They also have a coffee window (my favorite part) but is not inviting at all. The window is never open, when they take your order it slams shut and there is an itty bitty counter. Coffee is decent - I'm sure this will improve as they get their legs underneath them. Overall it's decent & I'm confident it will get better. The best part is the food. Great selection & prices, everything has been fresh. Very friendly staff! Patio is dog friendly too!
5	Delicious, way better than my expectations for a diner. My family had the BBQ brisket sandwich, hash, pancakes,  chicken and red velvet waffles, and the French toast. Everything was wonderful, including the atmosphere and the service. We are visiting the area and staying in the graduate hotel, but I'm honestly sad that I can't pack this place up to go.  You should definitely try it! !
5	Pretty cool little place. Although it took a little longer than expected to get my food it was worth it. We stayed next door at the Graduate so it worked out to have breakfast here. When I come back in town I will stay at the Graduate and have a bite to eat at the Normal Diner!
5	Service was strange. We were told the wait would be 20 minutes even though there were many available tables. When we got our coffees from the bar (as suggested by the waitress that greeted us), we were approached to be seated. A little weird. We sat for a while until someone finally came to get our orders. I got the Fat Hen Sandwich and my boyfriend got the Hash. My sandwich was delicious. The meat was so tender. Whatever sauce they used on the bun was a little sweet and it matched perfectly with the brisket. My boyfriend was impressed with his hash too. Real hash! None of that canned stuff here. We'll definitely come back.
4	My boyfriend and stopped in for a quick breakfast, so we just got coffee and pastries from the bar. I ordered a cappuccino, maple bacon donut, and a whoopie pie. The cappuccino and donut were delicious. We didn't really like the whoopie pie- so I would skip it. It looked cute though!  Overall, the food was yummy and the place was super hip. I would totally come again.
5	red velvet waffles and chicken!!!  SO GOOOOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!  I will be coming back next time I am in town for sure!!!
