4	My first time at a WinCo market. What a great big supermarket with super awesome prices. The place was crowded. The shelves were well stocked. The fruit and vegetables were beautiful. I hope it stays this way, and hope the prices stay low. The staff was friendly and helpful. I don't live near either of the locations that opened in Las Vegas but if I'm saving money on quality products, I'll drive the extra couple miles. The prices for their non food products were a little high, so I'll stick to Walmart for that stuff for now.
3	As I fought through the riot that gathered inside of this store, I was not overly blown away by the prices. Until I found the new "Italian Favorites" Digiorno pizzas which I had never seen before and they were only four dollars. At that point I picked up five of them and fought my way to the registers at the front. As I passed families with carts full to the brim they seemed to be amused with my selection and dedication to securing my pizza. I wish I could write a review on my Chicken Parm and Meatball Marinara pizzas as they were 5 stars indeed. As for Winco 3 stars because some things were priced a little better but a lot of things were priced much higher. I will continue to visit this location monthly for the sole purpose of picking up my pizzas though. Also to flirt with the cute girl that thought it was adorable I was only buying pizzas.
3	I went to their Henderson location on Friday night, March 09, during their grand opening week.  Walking in, it reminded my wife immediately of a Food 4 Less of how the store is set up.  Both of us are former retail clerks in our past lives also in another state.We both loaded up carts with the grand opening coupon items which were loss leader items which were conveniently all located in  a centralized area of the store and there were was a good supply which showed adequate planning by the store buyers or night crew guys!  The store is huge and I was wondering what are they going to use all that sales floor space for once the grand opening items are off sale?  The produce items are fresh looking so far, and prices range from really good to the same as other grocery stores.  I found bunches of cilantro for .33/bunch but the leaves were really small, but they were grown in Oxnard, CA.  A lot of the produce, especially the mainline produce in prepackaged, like what one sees in a  Walmart or Fresh and easy, but they also have a large variety of fruit and specialty vegetables in bulk or loose sale.The store has a large meat dept and bulk dry good sales with buckets and lids for storage.  A large selection of coffee beans also.Their main line grocery selection and variety surprised me also. They has a big selection of brands and variety to choose from and their pricing was pretty cheap.  I bought a 48 oz bottle of Wesson Canola oil for $2.48 for example.  Their frozen food selection was little bit less impressive with the amount of selection especially their ice cream brands and choices.Their fresh bakery are did not impress me at all.  Their bottled watter section carries no national brands except for aquafina.  Overall, I like this store, and I would shop here if I lived closer. They do not publish ads so that sucks.  If I'm in the area I will stop by if I need something.  Their prices are decent, but one always should know their competitor's pricing also to know if you are getting the better deal here and not just blindly believing the store's signage.
4	I couponed for awhile. Then I stopped because I didn't grocery shop as much I wanted to because prices seemed to be going on up and only bought what we needed vs. stockpiling (what we used to do). BUT...with my one visit to Winco a few days ago, I have now bookmarked a bunch of the most popular coupon websites and will now coupon as much as I can and only buy my stuff at Winco. I noticed that some of the other Yelpers thought that the prices weren't that great, but I must disagree. I've shopped Food 4 Less, Albertson's, Vons, Wal-Mart and Smiths. I'm a card carrying remember to all these places and take advantage of their great promos and sales (when they have them), but those are rare. For example, without a coupon and their normal pricing, the spaghetti sauce I normally buy was $1.25 (give or take a few cents, I forget) but even at Wal-Mart, this sauce is usually about $2.50. My baby's diapers were cheaper here (broke down to .14 cents a diaper, no coupon. Even with a coupon at other places, the average cost per diaper is still .20 cents). Bacon was $1.98 (yes I used a coupon, but regular price is normally about $3.00 - at Wal-Mart, it's about $4 and some change). The prices are definitey close to 20-30% cheaper than your neighborhood grocery store chain. Winco does take coupons, but they don't double, triple and googleidererdiple like the extreme couponers do...or stack coupons. Winco also only takes debit or cash and you bag your own groceries like a Food 4 Less. If you don't live by one, I suggest trying out this place at least once to see if it's your cup of tea. Maybe wait till all the hoopla dies down. I went at 9:30am on a Friday morning and I had to practically park at RC Willey to go here. If you are on a budget, and want to be on an extreme budget, this is probably your best place to go in Vegas. Bring your coupons and your recycled bags (they have plastic bags, but we want to save the planet, right?) Bonus: It's less than 10 minutes from my house!!!
5	This is the best grocery store ever made!  Well I used to work at WINCO when I lived in Oregon so I am a bit biased ;)I just love the selection and prices - for people who used to live in the Pacific Northwest it is nice to see certain  products again - like Marion-berry jam and syrup...for all of you Vegas natives...you have to try it...YUM.  The very very best thing about WINCO is the freaking HUUUGE bulk food section!  You can get any amount from 1 tablespoon to 5 lbs+ of many of different things from rock sea salt for grinders, to cat food, spaghetti noodles, cereal, candy - you name it they have it!The only drawback and thing you have to remember is that they don't take credit cards...they take debit cards, checks and cash and I think food stamps and WIC.  And you have to bag your own groceries - which I think is a good thing anyway because I have had problems with the baggers putting in raw meat with produce....duh people ;)I also love the fact that they have paper bags available - just look under where the plastic bags are and you can see them stacked there.  They are open 24 hours 7 days a week :)  The crowds are less after dinner and in the late evening....
3	Walking into this place, it looked like a larger version of Food-4-Less. The selection of produce was decent and they carry a lot of different products, but it was just too overwhelming. The fresh items are not that much cheaper than other grocery stores and not cheaper than the Asian or Mexican supermarkets. Weaving through the foot traffic made it difficult to take my time. In the end, I just abandoned ship halfway through and made my way out. Although it was a large pile up, I will give it another try later down the line because they are suppose to have a large bulk area. If they are similar to Costco or Sam's then I would like to investigate a little more.
4	I just went shopping there today, at about 10:30 at night. The store was (finally) fairly quiet and empty, but the employees were working overtime and many areas were blocked off from customers due to them stocking. I didn't like that so much, what's the sense in having the store open 24 hrs then?! Worse than what you'd encounter at Walmart at the same time. I did notice that Winco doesn't carry a good amount of the brands I usually purchase. I'm okay with saving some cash and trying something new though. Their "bulk" selection was amazing! Perfect! From spices to candies to cereals to pastas, make your own peanut butter, grind your own flavored coffee combination....I was walking around in awe! It was great. Worth making the trip for!! Their fruit selection was also very good. I typically shop at a mix of Food 4 Less and (mostly) Von's. Omaha Steaks & Whole Foods for meat and Walmart for dry foods and paper goods, toiletries. This place was much cheaper for food! Some paper goods are okay priced, depending on the brand. Shampoos, etc are NOT! In fact, they're a few dollars more. I'm hoping their meats are okay. They look very good in store. Maybe I can eliminate some stores!
4	If you are price conscious and have shopped the competition, then you can rack up serious savings at WinCo (that even beats WalMart and Food 4 Less in some cases). But if you're not careful you will end up paying prices that are higher than Albertsons and closing in on what Whole Foods charges. Store Layout: If it's not packed it's not bad to get through. And it's new so you don't get the dull and dingy feeling that Food 4 Less leaves one with.Bulk Foods: is worth a close look, pricing is good, selection is surprising, but it's usually a zoo to get in and out of. Produce: If the item is on the Dirty Dozen list for pesticides I buy organic at Whole Foods or Vons. But for everything else WinCo's pricing is very good, and the quality is better than I expected Meat: Until they say they refuse to carry anything with "pink slime" I stay away from any beef unless I know the brand / source. Lunchmeat, hotdogs, etc are competitive. Poultry is cheaper at Cardenas Markets..substantially so. Dairy: They carry Meadow Gold cottage cheese made here in Las Vegas which tastes better than the stuff made in Texas. Canned Goods: Private labels are where you save the serious $$$. And so far the quality has been very good or exceeding private labels at Smith's, Vons, Albertsons, Food 4 Less, and WalMart. Yes it can be a zoo, sometimes the checkout lines are long, but again if you know your prices you can save serious $$$ here.
3	The prices are reasonable...for some items. I agree this is larger version of food for less. The veggies are better at Cardenas. The meat is much better elsewhere, I bought a big package of New York steak, it had no flavor whatsoever. Their cheese brand is ok. No large organic containers of milk. The service is horrible and expect delays when checking out, not because of the long lines, but because of the system, very touchy. Since it is employee owned I do not whom to complain to. 2 1/2 stars.
3	Dear WinCo: I'm from Kansas City so I have a SERIOUS craving for Williams spices. Williams chili powder is something I will seek out and make a special trip for. You carried it 2 weeks ago. But this morning I walk in and I see literally 6 boxes of gravy seasoning but no chili powder to be found. I walked out the door at that point with nothing in my hands....Be aware of produce quality and shelf life with WinCo produce. Red bell peppers became internally moldy very quickly. I should be able to keep a pepper for 48 hours but not from here. And it's not been an isolated case. I use a LOT of red bell peppers for home made pico and WinCo's produce has sent me back to Vons and Whole Foods to buy replacements several times now.One redeeming thing that will bring me back: Dehydrated refried beans in the bulk section. And the banana chips too but shhh! don't tell anyone I'm hooked on those silly things.
4	Today was my first day at WinCo Foods. I was blown away at the sheer size of the place. Some people compare it to Walmart, or Food 4 Less. Not true. More like Cosco or Sams Club. The prices are killing Smiths, and most other stores. Great bulk section. Spent $120 and walked out with double the amount of stuff compared to what I would have at Smith's. Only downfall was I had to search for a cart. But heck, I saved almost a hundred!
4	We went on a saturday night (good crowd) this past weekend. Looks like a Food For Less (also, bag your own groceries) but better, a large warehouse basically; also similar to Costco (has large quantity items). Produce is in the front, after the 1st aisle (upon entering). Bagged celery for 48 cents?! Bulk foods is next, candy, pasta, etc.; this is where coffee is- select it, grind it, bag it (FRESH). Refrigerated foods is next (sausage, meats, cheese, eggs, etc.), with frozen food against the wall. There are two sets/rows of aisles clearly marked in between or in the middle of the store, rather. Following the frozen food, is the bakery (good stuff here! we picked up boston cream style cake, which was really good) and bread aisles (lots of variety) lead to the cashiers. Past Customer Service (front of the store) are the restrooms.  Everything is neatly arranged, and even with the decent sized crowd (my FIL said that when they came around opening day, you couldn't even park in the lot!), there wasn't any screaming kids, things out of order, and spilled messes, so the place is pretty clean. I didn't go down every aisle, but I did see most of the store. My husband was really impressed with the coffee, especially because he was able to get a coconut coffee blend for $1.73!
1	I FLAT REFUSE TO STEP FOOT IN WinCo Foods for as long as I am residing in Las Vegas. I went in today and trouble began from the second I pulled into the lot. The parking spaces on the North side had broken glass all over the place and with traffic behind me I had to drive through it. Not cool. Then after getting a space I can't even get to the door because the hordes of people are gawking at a Henderson PD Parking Enforcement officer who was circling like a vulture waiting to write tickets. Once inside I had a foot run over by a shopping cart and in the bulk foods section I had 2 different people ram me in the derriere with a cart in under 90 seconds. Hello? I'm 6'4 and wearing a red shirt. It's not like they couldn't see me! I know I'm not a small guy. But I'm trying to lose weight so having a steel shopping cart attached to my rear is not going to help me any. So after extracting myself from the shopping carts of mayhem I head over to the deli counter. I ask them a simple question about the source of their meats and I get the classic I don't have a clue shrug. Ugh! After fighting the madhouse to get through the rest of the store for what I need I finally get up to the front to check out. I have 16 items...I thought it was 15, my bad. Self check out is for 15 items..it's posted on the overhead sign. I get in line and next thing I know I have some woman counting my items and saying I have 1 too many. Fine, I take an item out of the cart and set it to the side and she's like sorry, you have to go to another line. I tell her I now have 15 items, she's like you need to go to another line. At that point I'm at thermonuclear launch mode (this is ultra rare for me) and I'm like this is ridiculous. I raise my voice and tell her and a lot of others in earshot: Let me tell you how I'm going to save at WinCo...I'm leaving, and I WON'T BE BACK! On my way out the door a couple that saw what happened said good for me, that I did the right thing. Not that I needed the validation but still...enough is enough. Maybe when someone carves a replica of the Taj Mahal in ice in Hell, Michigan will I ever step foot in that store again. 1 star, and a bump to the EEK! I THINK NOT / Worst of Las Vegas list and an email to WinCo Corporate is my response. For the sake of readability I've left out even more bad things that happened on this trip...don't even get me started on the bakery! Ugh!
4	The first few weeks after  the opening, we tried a few times to stop in, but it was so crowded, the parking lot full, we just drove on by.  Finally we decided to try late in the evening and see if the crowds had died down, and they did.This is a 24hr store, like their competitors, they need to stock and usually do this late in the evening, so if you choose to go late, be weary about this, as it makes it hard to shop.  We went at 10pm, it wasn't crowded but stockers everywhere, blocking isles.  We had one entire isle completely blocked, so we never made it down there.  The produce looks fresh, and we found dry goods, like flour, sugar, rice and beans, sold by the pound.  They had a lot of candy by the pound and decent prices.The bakery items looked good, we skipped buying but looked just as good other bakeries. Overall, a large store, with a large variety and selection with prices that seem reasonable enough.  Both locations are a drive for me, so it wouldn't be a store to shop at regularly, but worth the occasional drop in just to check on bargains.
2	What do you mean you don't take credit cards? I don't mind paying cash or debit but we like the card because of the cash back rewards we earn. I know it's to help them keep the price down, but they aren't really that much cheaper then Walmart and there isn't anything here I can't live without or find somewhere else! To me, it's always too crowded and inconvenient so I will pass...
5	OMG!!!  The place is huge and I do believe their prices are lower than Costco's. Also, they have stuff that Costco doesn't have, such as bulk candies and such for sale. It was very interesting to browse through the store, but the negatives are that the parking lot is single lined and not double-lined like Costco. Double-lining the parking stalls gives each car more room to open their doors when exiting and re-entering with wagon-fulls of groceries. Another thing is that Winco does not accept credit cards like Costco, which is probably why they can offer lower prices (credit card companies charge a fee to the merchant each time a card gets "swiped"). Other than that, Winco is great and we really enjoyed shopping there today! I don't live near this store, but when I'm in the area I will be sure to drop by again. It's a fun place to shop!
4	So I braved this store on grand opening. Maybe not the best idea but all I could keep thinking was holy hell. I was in love.The bulk section alone is reason enough to come here. Spices are highway robbery now if I even think about buying anywhere else. We got three bottles worth of ground mustard for less than a dollar. And that was just the start of my addiction of buying spices here. You can also get Tillamook everything here. Tillamook ice cream, yogurt, cheese, beef jerky, etc. The Tillamook Black Cherry Ice cream is where it is at.The bakery has good items. Love the muffins, stay away from the cinnamon rolls. I am a pretty efficient shopper and wouldnt do all my shopping here. But i don't do all my shopping in one store anyway. I know where to get the best deals for certain items but WinCo has ALOT of great deals!They are open 24 hours and they always seem pretty busy anytime we go, evening definately seem a better time than anything else though.And the flyers where they include coupons for free items are a plus either. And you dont have to purchase anything to get them for free! So make sure you dont throw your winco flyers in the trash.
4	This place is busier than the busiest time I have ever been to Costco.  Wrap your head around that one!  Seriously though.  This place is busy.  And not in a fun way.  But, the prices are so flipping cheap and it's near my house that I am drawn to it.  Hopefully the hubbub will die down and I will actually get to go here without having some serious Cart Rage.  I love the bulk/bin section and it means I pretty much never have to go to Whole Foods again.  I know a lot of people love Whole Foods but it's a tad expensive.  Did I mention Winco is cheap?  You can tell by looking at some of the people who shop here.  It's like Costco and Wal-Mart had a baby, gave it hand-me-downs and then told it to be awesome.  And cheap.  I don't even know what that means but I liked the sound of it so I kept it in.  Despite the crowds, I would much rather go here than Wal-Mart.
3	I have a love-hate relationship with Winco. Love: -Produce department: the quality is good. The major plus is that they have all those weird fruits and veggies that I've never heard of, but show up in recipes. -Meat department: the quality is also good here. There's quite a variety of cuts in various meats and the prices are awesome. -Seafood counter- I was SO excited to see a seafood counter! Quality here is also good, not too much variety, but it's awesome to be able to ask for 1/2 lb of something and get it wrapped up in nice, white butcher paper. The prices! This place is way cheap. My average weekly grocery total at Walmart was $60. My trip to Winco, about $45. Uh-mazing.Hate:-The crowds are nuts. The store is always very crowded, seemingly with people who think they're the only person in the store and can apparently spend 3 hours grocery shopping. I want to get through the store, get the things on my list and leave. The slow people are in my way and it's annoying. -The store is strangely laid out. It takes some serious maneuvering to get from produce to frozen food. -The lines to check out tend to also be very long.Other things:Be prepared to bag your own groceries. Be advised that credit cards are not accepted. If you value your sanity, do not go during the day on the weekend, on or near the 1st /15th of the month or within 3 days of a holiday. To make your life so, so much easier, download the store map and list of product locations from Winco's website so you can make your battleplan before you go. This is not the place to stop by and grab one thing; it will not be quick. Bottom line: Go only if you have patience and preparation, during strange hours, and make this your big, staple shopping trip so you don't have to go back before your patience has been replenished.
3	WinCo is okay.  I was excited when I found out one was being built because I remember it having great prices.  For whatever reason, though, I still prefer other stores.  Between the dim lighting and being rammed into by numerous old ladies' carts, I'm just not that into it.
4	Winco's cool. It's convenient and they have price comparison for the stuffs. Since its 24hours, better to be there after midnight lol.
4	This is definitely a different sort of grocery store. It feels like a warehouse type place, they don't take credit cards, and you bag your own groceries. Overall the prices were good, and I'd go back - but I don't see this place ever becoming my "regular" grocery store. Produce - while some of the stuff was pretty old and nasty looking, it was a great department overall and has AMAZING prices. A huge bin of the same type of organic spinach sold at whole foods for half price? YES. Avocados for .19 ?? Insane. Meat - Nothing grass fed or organic or non-conventional here. I know,  I know I should just shut up and go to Whole Foods.. I don't buy many packaged/processed foods, but it seemed like they had a fair amount of them here. They carried a lot of brands you don't find at other grocery stores and prices seemed lower than Smith's/Albertson's the majority of the time. I will be back once a month, even if it's just for the crazy produce prices :)
5	Great Location & reasonable price...
4	Loved the pricing. The produce section was fun, they have a lot of exotic fruits you can't buy in most grocery stores... first time seeing a dragon fruit :-) You bag your own groceries here, which is fine with me. Will be back~
3	I've been to other WinCo's before in Oregon, so this was no different. Huge selection of items, almost warehouse-store like. Love the produce selection, there was a wide variety of fruit available. However, you have to be careful with some items. On the day that I went, I saw a large portion of the apples were bruised and picked over.The best thing that WinCo has going for them is their bulk bins. Flour, spices, candy, you name it. You can also get freshly ground peanut butter and three varieties of bulk honey. The bulk bins also had a few gluten-free options. I saw gluten-free pasta, including a potato-based one, gluten-free granola. I wouldn't get any of the gluten-free flours/starches (tapioca flour, rice flour, buckwheat flour) here, as there is a high risk of cross-contamination.This WinCo also has a great freezer selection. I actually saw frozen gluten-free waffles right next to the Eggo Waffles! They also do have a dedicated gluten-free case near the bakery (of all places) with mostly Udi's products.If you live nearby, I think this is a great place to stop for weekly groceries. If you don't live nearby, I don't think it's worth the trek, but have a lookie-loo once in awhile.
5	Walking in to WinCo, I felt like I had just come to the U.S. from Soviet Russia and was seeing my first supermarket.  The place is massively huge, probably 150 x 300 yards.  Get some exercise before attempting, or get your exercise here.Lots of retail employees have asked me the question, "Did you find everything OK?"  I generally find this to be an inane question because if I didn't find everything I wanted to purchase, what is the person going to do for me?  Special order it?  Yeah, right.  At WinCo this is not a dumb question because if you didn't find something, it's because you didn't look hard enough, or because it doesn't exist.  They have -everything-.  Every grocery product that was ever issued a UPC bar code, they have.  Examples of what they have:  Hundreds of bulk items (poured from a dispenser or shoveled from a barrel into your plastic bag, you write the product number on the twist tie) including candies, grains, spices, nuts, cereals, trail mixes, pasta, spices, soup mixes, Tang, fruit punch mix, nacho cheese sauce mix, flax seed, wheat germ, cocoa powder, anything that is powdered or otherwise fungible is in one of maybe 100 lineal yards of barrels.  Yards after endless yards of shelves display endless products.  10 yards just for pickles and pickle relish.  Another 10 yards of Campbell's soup, same for beans, rice, canned fruits, canned veggies, on and on as far as the eye can see and then some.  They also have more varieties of produce, meat, and fresh dairy products than any competitor.  They even have a self-service peanut butter grinding machine.And everything they have is cheaper than at other grocers in Las Vegas (for example Wal-Mart & Smith's (Kroger)).  Some products are slightly cheaper, but most products are a LOT cheaper, and often there will be a sign indicating what the same product sells for at Wal-Mart and at Smith's.  Now that we have discovered the place, our bill tends to be about 2/3 of what it was shopping at Wal-Mart.  You have to bag the groceries yourself, kind of like "Food 4 Less," except the groceries actually cost less.Also, WinCo claims to be "employee owned" which means they have an employee stock ownership plan that is 100% company funded, and from all appearances their employees enjoy good benefits.  While I'm sure the mileage of individual WinCo employees may vary, you can sleep better knowing that your purchases won't be supporting an allegedly sketchy company like Wal-Mart.They take cash, checks and debit cards, but not credit cards.  Money orders are 30c and they charge reasonable fees for cashing payroll checks.  Store is open 24H; if you like to shop late at night like I do, you'll have no worries with crowds or lines as mentioned in some of the other reviews.At the exit there are soda machines selling Shasta beverages for 35c/can, Coke and Pepsi products and LaCroix flavored seltzers are 50c/can.  Talk about not getting nickled and dimed to death!
5	Kathi my checker is as good as it gets!  She is so genuinely friendly, and knowledgeable about the store.  Every time I see her, she is always moving!  The bakery is oh, so good!  Quality produce at unbeatable prices!  Great deli and steaks!  Can't beat their prices  $4 for a HUGE Rotisserie chicken!  Unbelievable!  Better prices than Wal Mart and better quality than Smith's!  Worth bagging my own groceries for sure!  They are open 24/7 and can't be beat!  I keep returning because they keep wowing me every time.  I recently purchased a birthday cake for my boss at work,  They happily decorated my cake and make it look perfect!  Love my Kathi and love my new store!  They get more and more of my business with each visit!  Why should I go anywhere else?
5	Be careful!  Make sure you take a list and stick to it.  Otherwise, you may end up with a cart full of food you weren't planning on getting.  The prices are that good.This is not your average grocery store!  I understand why some people are so excited about it.  Great selection and prices that can't be beat.  People in Vegas seem to be going nutty over Winco.  I grew up with Winco (formerly Cub), so it's not such a big deal to me.Winco is employee owned and operated.  This is NOT a HUGE corporate owned box store.  While the store is enormous, it still has a neighborhood market feel to it.  (death to Walmart)For those who complain about not taking credit cards (debit cards are accepted) and having to bag your own groceries, get over yourself.  That's how they save you money.Winco has a great produce dept with anything and everything you could want and it's all fresh, ripe, and priced right.  Their bulk food section can't be beat.  High quality bulk item at a low price?  Yes please!  Just don't be one of the a-holes that feels you need to sample every item.  Your sampling (read stealing) makes the prices go up for everyone else.They also have a quality service deli and meat counter.  Once again, good quality at a reasonable price.The selection and price, regardless of what you want, are amazing.  If you want it, chances are Winco will have it.  Give this place a chance.  I think if you go in two or three times, you'll have a new favorite grocery store.
5	Love Winco.  Great prices, especially bulk. Love the grind it yourself peanut butter.
5	I sit here having my breakfast of french vanilla yogurt that's topped  Bluberry Granola & Flaxseed and  sipping green tea.  It inspired me to write this mini review of the bulk food section for Winco because I got most of the stuff used to make my breakfast here.., go figure!!    This  section is cooler than cool!! I was so fascinated at all the stuff they had to offer!  You control how much bulk item you want, whether it be a 1/2 scoop to filling up a bag. The choice is up to you!  The prices set are pretty low as well. I spent as little as 60 cents on a little bag of cookies for myself. From what I remember there are all kinds organic goods, spices, cereal, granola, flours, cookies ( Mothers ICED CIRCUS ANIMALS ones!!)  pasta, powdered mixes of gravies, cheese (ya you know that mac cheese powder stuff) , wrapped candies, chocolate, JELLY BELLY beans, different nuts, beans and rice. Some rice like Pink Madagascar, which I usually got at WF, but they got it here at Winco same quality and taste, but cheaper!!!! Oh and Forbidden/Black rice can be found in the bulk food section too. Heck they even have bulk PET FOOD!!! (that section is clearly seperated from people food and bags marked differently just so you know) Also did you know you can make your own peanut butter?? You can grind the honey roasted peanuts located against the back wall.  Everytime I go to grind a batch other shoppers take notice because they dont realize you can grind the peanuts. On my latest visit here I noticed Winco added different varieties of Stash tea bags sold indvidually. Pretty neat that you can just buy a bag of tea for 9 cents. Well that's my mini review for Winco Bulk food section. Take time to check it out. Alrighty back to having breakfast.
3	While Winco is the cheapest, their selection is dwindling.   There were quite a few things I used to buy when they opened, that they don't carry anymore.  It is disheartening to drive 20-30 minutes and find out they either don't have an item stocked or have discontinued it.  It seems they are now trying to compete with WalMart quality wise instead of Smith's.  Albertsons in Anthem Highlands has stepped up their game quality wise, and has a better selection, so I would rather pay more, and keep them in my neighborhood.  Winco isn't worth the drive it used to be.   I'll stick with the Albertsons down the street and Whole Foods when they don't have what I am looking for.  Like a Vegas casino buffet, they start out good, then look to save money and skimp on quality.
5	((cue best Elvis voice I can muster up)) Thank you WinCo, thank you very much.I'm thanking you in a public forum and I want everyone to know I love you. I love you for many reasons, but the number one reason I love you is that since your opening I never, EVER, have to shop at Wal Mart again. ((tear drops))Seriously, not only are the prices for most items lower than Wal Mart, but the employees are friendly (you can actually ask them where something is located), the store is stocked (did you hear that Wal Mart?), the clientele is "normal" (i.e. peopleofwalmart), the list could go on and on and on.My favorite thing about WinCo is that they have several Pacific Northwest brands that could never have been bought in Vegas prior to their arrival. My personal favorite is the Chocolate Peanut Butter Umqua Ice Cream - cheaper than all of the name brands and better tasting. Love the fact that they carry all sorts of Tillamook items at reasonable prices. Only negative is you have to bag your own groceries - but it saves a few bucks on the overall bill and allows them to keep prices lower, so I'll suck it up. Now that I can go grocery shopping and not feel like I'm going to Incredible Hulk everyone in the store my life and my emotions are in a better place. So thanks WinCo, see you this weekend.
5	WinCO, WinCO, WinCo, thank you for coming to town!  This great store is a combination between Costco selection and Wal-mart prices.  Woohoo!  The meat selection is top quality.  I love the granola section.  The bakery has yummy bagels.
5	Short but sweet...just moved to the area...had never heard of Winco...won't shop anywhere else! Thanks Winco!!!
5	When I moved here over a year ago, the only "grocery store" near me was Walmart...let's just say I hated shopping and would rarely go. Insert WinCo, and everything changed! Any grocery store that gives me an excuse to not have to shop at Walmart is enough reason for me to give them 5 stars, but this isn't any grocery store...it's WinCo! WinCo is different than most grocery stores for a few reasons: Their prices are equal to, or lower than, any of their competitors on most items in the store. Each store is employee owned...yes, all those friendly employees that are helping you out own a share of the store! Most importantly, WinCo has a bulk food section that makes shopping fun! You can get as much, or as little as you want of hundreds of items at outrageously cheap prices!A few other things that make them different, but keep the prices low, are that they don't accept credit cards...only cash or debit. Also, you bag your own groceries. This might seem like a pain, but if you have kids keep them occupied and make them do it. If you don't have kids, then you might be shit outta luck...but it's worth it considering how much you save off the bottom line! For some FAQs, and a few tips on how to save the most money, check out this link: http://www.wincofoods.com/customer-service/faqs/I hate that I even had to mention Walmart in this review, but it's a block away, so chances are if you're shopping at one, you're not shopping at the other! For your sake, I hope I've convinced you to start shopping at WinCo! However, I like the lines short, so feel free to ignore everything I said above and keep shopping at Walmart...ha ha.
5	I grew up in the Northwest, and we ate slept and breathed Winco. Well, actually it was called Waremart back in those days. Needless to say, I was ecstatic to discover this location in Henderson. I live smack dab in the middle of Las Vegas, so it's not exactly convenient for me to drive down here. I do it anyway though. Why, you ask? Two main reasons: lowest prices anywhere, hands down, not even kind of a question there, and the bulk section. I buy weird things. Spelt flour, powdered hummus, TVP, gluten flour, wheat germ, exotic bean sprouts, forbidden rice, bulk brussels sprouts, skinny asparagus (thick asparagus is a no), cheap bubbly water, fresh ground peanut butter, Pink Lady apples, blah blah blah. Incidentally, I'm not actually even a vegetarian. I know of nowhere else I can buy spelt flour and TVP, especially at such prices! Seriously, I cannot overstate the greatness of the bulk section. Every kind of bean or flour or rice or spice or candy or whatever else you could possibly imagine. Things you've never even heard of. This place is HUGE, and they have EVERYTHING. It's cheaper than Wal-Mart, and oh so much more pleasant. Plus, the produce is actually edible. Wincos are pretty much all the same, so if you've been to one up in Oregon or Idaho, you know what to expect here. I love it, and you will too. CASH, DEBIT, or LOCAL CHECK ONLY.
4	First time we came in, it was busy with restocking, it was hard to move up and down the isles, this time, it wasn't like that.  Still we came late in the evening, to avoid the crowds.  Surprised to see there were still quite a few shoppers and there were only two check out lines up and running.I lingered longer at the "by the pound" bins, I didn't realize there were so many different ways to get sugar and flour!  It's a very interesting and different store.  Don't get me wrong, they have the basic staples, but there are those few things like barrels of candies, flour, sugar and beans by the pound, and bag your groceries, not to mention the decent prices that set them apart from the rest.  I like that.
5	Great supermarket that fortunately is close by to my home in Henderson. The selection is very good and so are the prices. I've heard their produce is expensive and not very good, but I don't seem to have any problem with that department. They've got a nice bulk foods section with a huge variety. Overall a great place where you save money and bag your own groceries, but I don't care. It's the best supermarket in town!
5	Wow! This place is so cheap for what they have to offer!My co-workers told me about this place and I eventually ended up going with them. At first I was a little skeptical since they said the food was "super cheap, and was pretty good". I thought this place would be some 99-cent store, hole in the wall, off brand ghetto super market. SO WRONG. Walked in and it has the look of Sam's club but no one annoying at the front checking for membership ... because guess what! There isn't a membership!The food here is sooo cheap (cheaper than walmart) and sooo fresh! They also have food that you could buy by the weight that you normally don't such as sugar, yeast, chocolate, i.e. There's also a bakery and an alcohol section inside. The only strange thing about this place is that they don't accept credit cards thought they DO accept debit.
5	our go to 24 hour grocery store. clean, organized and a friendly staff. i shop late at night to avoid the long lines but it does get a little crowded because of the restocking crew.  one thing is they only accept debit/cash but no credit cards.
5	I love WINCO... who cares if they don't take credit cards... we live in hawaii and the prices are awesome there.. if i lived close to one i could eat healthy everyday...!!!!
1	The quality of this place has gone waaaaay downhill....already! What a disappointment. I don't shop here as much as I did when it first opened. I've found rotten fruit all too often. They let the bulk bins get empty. The coffee area skeeves me out, there's always little flies swarming.The spices area is messy. The inconvenience of the stocking is pretty ridiculous. Employees carelessly throw boxes everywhere and completely block off aisles. They react rudely to customers being around them. Um, THE STORE IS OPEN! What do they expect? I've honestly lost interest in this place. Its reasonably priced....but so is Food 4 Less.
4	As a college student I love saving money and this is the place I can do it. I love their daily deals of avocado for 42cents. They have fresh vegetables,fruits, nuts,  grounded almond butter, and a great deli. With their automated self checkout there is never a line. My #1 spot to buy healthy foods with a great deal. I would say it is a Food 4 Less for Whole Foods.
4	Great prices and Super cheap produce! But you do have to bag all your own groceries
1	Let's start with the good: great prices, great produce, open 24 hours The bad: shopping here quite often with my children in 2 seperate carts..pushing..crossing things off my lists..keeping track of prices..my toddler grabs a bag of donuts off the shelf opens it and eats some....didn't even know it.  I proceed too checkout and apparently my daughter throws the bag out of the cart..bottom line they accused me of "stealing"...um..really...I just spent over $200 on groceries why in the world would I steal a bag of $1 donuts?? totally ridiculous..even worse they had their security guard trying too scare me...a little over the top. Needless too say...not happy.Not coming here again.
4	I really like this store. It's big but don't let that keep you from going here. Everything is grouped together well and going in and out of the aisles you are never too far from those items you forgot on your list. Staff is friendly and helpful.
4	Cheapest groceries in town. Best bulk food section, best produce section and hands down the friendliest staff you'll ever find in a grocery store! What's not to love?! They don't accept credit cards (which helps keep the prices down) but they do accept debit cards, so you don't have to bring alot of cash with you.It gets super busy on the weekends, so if you can, shop during the week
4	I really like this grocery store and appearantly, everyone else does too. I have been trying to find a good time to go when there isn't as many people clogging up the aisle.On my latest trip I decided to check out the bulk bin area, since I usually avoid that part of the store because it's always full.  Anyways, I was amazed with how many diffrent things they actually have. I ended up getting some black rice, mainly because it is also know as forbidden rice, and I figure, if its name is forbidden I am going to try it lol. They also had a peanut grinder to make your own peanut butter but, somebody was using it so maybe next time.
1	Winco is very similiar to Food 4 Less but much bigger.  They have most standard groceries you would need to purchase as well as a large bulk foods section.   They are more of a "standard" grocery store vs a health food store despite the large bulk bin section.  Much of the bulk bins consist of candy and highly processed foods with virtually no organic foods.  On a recent trip to Winco, there was no sign on one of the produce items.  I asked a produce employee, and he told me they were .48 cents a pound.  I said, ok, if I go to the register and they charge me something different, I will have them call over to produce and you can verify the price. He agreed.  A few minutes later the produce manager walked over to inform me I was mis-quoted the price and the price was .98 cents a pound, and I would not get the .48 cents a pound, despite the quote I was given by the store employee.  I then asked to speak with the manager, who would not give me the quoted price either.  So much for customer service.  One of the lessons I learned young: the customer is always right..  In addition this place had long lines, and on this particular item VONS has an everyday lower price of .69 cents a pound. Winco said they do not pricematch, despite some signage around the store making them out like they are the "lower" price.  I would rather shop at walmart where I am treated better.
4	I have a love hate relationship with this store. I love the super low prices on groceries and selection of bulk items. I hate the warehouse feel this place has to it. Concrete floors and metal bays where they shove palettes of food in is a yuck. They have a lot of things but just not much of a selection when it comes down to certain things. They do however have pretty good produce and you can't beat the prices on some of them (48 cents a pound for vine tomatoes anyone?). You do have to bag your own groceries and they only have one bag stand at each belt, so that's kind of annoying. But with the amount I'm saving I don't mind bagging my own stuff :)
4	I like Winco as a box store. I have visited numerous times and the place is clean and prices are good. I like their bulk candy area!
5	I should probably rate this business 4 stars because of the weird layout and fact that you have to bag your own groceries.  However, I love saving money and that makes this place a 5 star business in my opinion.  The prices on many items are crazy good with some items that I buy being 40 to 50% cheaper then my usual shopping spots.  I love the bulk food section where you can buy a little of this and a little of that without breaking the bank.  I love the machine that grinds fresh peanut or almond butter.  100% pure nuts and pretty healthy in moderation.  Not a glamorous shopping experience but if you want to save money on your groceries shop here.
2	This store is like a Mega store. Maybe they are a little bit over they head because sadly the meats are not the best. They have meat on sale for 3 and 4 bucks and its coloring is brown to black. Meat should be Red. I will shop here but I will stay away from the meat. If you can get pass that the store is really ok.
4	So I decided to check this place out and see what the fuss was all about.This particular Winco is located on Stephanie and 215 conviently located and easy to find and located in my neighborhood in Henderson.This place reminded me of an upper scale version of Walmart, without all the roudy rude people pushing you out of the way.The entire place was clean. The produce department was fully stocked and everything was fresh. I loved how they had organic greens and veggies there, but most of all i was in awe on how CHEAP everything was!I also checked out the meat department, everything was clean and their prices too was very cheap, along with all the canned goods and everything else in the grocery store.I was a bit leary on how cheap their goods were i checked for expiration dates and everything seems to be fresh and up to par  as far as expiration dates go.They pretty much have everything a regular grocery store has, i was even suprised they had QUINOA!My overall experience at Wincos was a pleasant one, the staff was polite and i was unable to find anything negative about this place. :)
4	WOW! What an incredible selection! I love they have a bulk foods section...things like tapioca flour, flax seed, candy, nuts etc.They have a good produce selection and great prices. They have things you can't find in regular stores like Thai chilis, guava etc. Prices on some regular items are even better than Walmart.
5	I found the prices here cheaper than Walmart and this store is allot cleaner. The floors are waxed  and employees friendly . I but the orange blossom honey and all kinds of groceries here. Milk ,potatoes , lemons  and the basics are inexpensive . A good place to go during these tough times.
2	First location I shopped was near N. Las Vegas, sorta close to Aliante Casino, I believe. I shop this location a lot, especially moving back to Henderson. I love this place. The prices cannot be beat and the selection is huge!I have noticed that the prices are raising. It's the typical "Get them to become regulars" tactic and then up goes the prices. I think that part sucks. Outside of that, the prices are still fairly reasonable. Had a horrible experience when I purchased a pizza and when I got it home, I discovered the pricing label was used to cover up a huge divot in the pizza where the deli clearly screwed something up and rather than disposing, tried to hide it. I contacted WinCo about this and blasted the photo on Twitter and the deli manager promised to refund me and give me a free pizza, but every time I came to take her up on her offer, she was never there and her staff had no idea what I was talking about. Horrible customer service from that stand point.At the end of the day, I like the sales and what the store has to offer. Still a little pissed about the pizza incident, hence the low rating.
5	I love this store.  Best prices in town by far. The employees always say hello and they seem to enjoy working there....as opposed to Wal-Mart.  Best to stay away the first of the month as the store is extremely busy.  It's great that its open 24 hours so you always can find a time to shop.   The best parts of this store are the produce dept and the bulk foods section.  Several people on Yelp complain about bagging their own groceries but considering the $$$ your saving over an Albertsons or Smith's, I'd do it everytime.
4	I always go here for my grocery items. It's typically the best price and I can buy in bulk which is helpful.
4	In my recent quest to get my pre Yelpers body back I have been spending a lot of time here!  I have been doing a meal replacement of juicing a great way to add so many nutrients to your diet and a great way to loos weight.  However by doing this you go through an enormous amount of fruits and veggies.  So in my quest for a large variety of fruits and veggies and to avoid the dirty dozen (only buy these in organic form) I have become a regular of WinCo.They have a huge selection of the regular varieties of fruits and veggies but they also have a nice selection of the more odds and ends not so easily found items.  They do not however have the best to choose from in the organic area.  The prices are defiantly a competition to other stores in the area.  The check out is always friendly and fast!  I'm a fan...
3	3.5 stars.  Finally made it out to WinCo after all these months. Was in the area and had time to kill so why not.Pros: Open 24/7.  Most of the groceries are the cheapest out of everyone. The produce are a lot like Food4Less or Wal-mart quality.  Which there's nothing wrong with. It's right off the highway. Lots of parking. No other business shares the parking lot. So you should have no problem going in and out with grocery shopping.Cons: Far away from my hood and just Vegas, they should open one closer. No or little other business shares the parking lot.It is probably way to far to drive out just for groceries for me and with most groceries doing some form of price matching I probably won't be doing my normal shopping here. But for those in the area cool for you guys.  Didn't do much shopping just looked around and picked up some drinks and snacks to eat while I waited. Bring an extra cooler or two if your drive is far.
1	On 1-27-13 my wife and I purchased a few dog treat from Winco foods in Henderson, Nevada from the bulk bin container they have in the store. Winco foods sell these bulk bin products with everything from candy to rice, coffee, bean and dog treats to the public. Winco foods does not put a brand name on these items and therefore the public gets the better price but at what cost?On Friday, Feb. 1, in the late evening I fed my AkC Service dog one of these treats (a round roll chewy about 6" to 8" long) and after she eat about 1/4th of it she began to get sick (throwing up sick) which went on for long enough for her to throw up that chewy and then it was just yellow mucus for about a half an hour and then she just stop eating. This was Friday night and I was beside myself with my wife wondering what had just happed and I knew it had to do with that chewy. So not thinking, I threw that chewy away not wanting my dog to have access to the chewy again.After the weekend and my dog still not eating my wife and I took her to the vet on 2-5-13 and with a series of test the vet asked us if our service dog had gotten into any household cleaners or anything like that? I said no that I was with my service dog 24/7 and if she had I would have known and that she does not even leave my side, even in my yard. She is there to provide a service to me because I am disabled and she does not leave me. Her blood test came back that she had 3.7 kidney diseases in her blood and therefore she would need to be put on medicine and a special diet for the impurities to come out of her blood and for her to start eating again it would be a very slow and long process. We were very luck that she was very health before she got ahold of that dog treat. So I filed an injury claim with Winco foods of Henderson in February 2013 but was told I could not get a copy of if by the manager at that store and that the stores insurance would be contacting me in a few weeks, which it never happened. Winco foods of Henderson never filed this claim.After a month in a half of nursing my dog back to health. One night I let my guard down and my wife ask if she could give the dog a pig ear and it too was from to same items, but in a different bag from Winco foods bought at the same time 1-27-13, and on June 11, 2013. My service dog eat her last treat, she was only 4 year old and she didn't even finish it before she started throwing up and loss her appetite, this time she would lose her bladder too, inside the house while laying down. My wife and I took her to the vet and after what we that was a bladder infection turned out to be kidney disease.  It was so high it didn't register on the charts. My service dog meant so much to my wife and I, that I am devastated by Winco foods and the hurt they have left in my life and the unwillingness to right the wrong they have caused me, I have a transaction proof of purchase, I have vet bills and invoices and I have a dead service dog (a $1500.00 dollar service dog), but I do not have a bad treat..........I will get another service dog, but I will never go to Winco foods again! And I will tell everyone I see my story. Is this how Winco foods wants to end it customer relation stories?This wasn't just a dog, but it was a service dog for a disabled person and Winco foods as a community provider of goods and services, needs to be held accountable for hurting it community and that's what they have done to this family and that is what could happen to you if you shop at Winco foods throughout its line of stores and so far I done thing they care. I AM JUST ONE PERSON AND A DOG!!!!Since my service dog death on 6-25-13, I have call the FDA and they are looking into the pig ears for our pets. I have also contacted Winco foods Corp. Office in Boise, Id.  On 7-10-13 and asked them about the accident report that I filed at their store in Henderson, Nevada. And they told me that it was just filed and not sent to their insurance, for claims. (Like they are trying to hide something) Then on 7-11-13 I get a call from Winco "Travelers" wanting more information on the claim, but not claiming responsibility saying it will take 6 - 8 weeks and gives me a claim numbers. I told the gentlemen that anything can get into those bins from off people's hands that touch them to the janitor, they are open to just about everything in those stores and so are the food people eat like the candy and other items.( Just wait till people get sick) I also told the gentleman that I would tell my story to as many people as I could if Winco foods would not do what is right, so that is what I am doing.
4	We had one of these employee owned supermarkets called Redner's back in Pennsylvania and I totally LOVED it! I am so excited to be moving closer to WinCo, which is very similar.  The prices are incredible at this store!  Their every day prices on certain things are better than sale prices in some of the other supermarkets I frequent.  The layout is decent, the place is well stocked and very organized, and I like the self checkouts.  I noticed they don't have as big of a selection for certain items (not always the case but they didn't have some the cereals and yogurts I buy often).  And they don't accept ANY credit cards, which can be a bit of a hassle for some, but they accept every other form of payment.  They are open 24/7, which is very convenient.  A great supermarket and I'm sure I'll be doing the majority of my shopping here.
2	This place reminds me of a slightly upgraded Food 4 Less.Yes there are items that are slightly cheaper than Walmart or Albertsons, but since it is located on the other side of town for me (215 & Stephanie) the .50 cents savings or so is not worth the drive.The store itself is pretty clean. But I'm not really liking the warehouse feeling.I do like how they offer certain items you can select the servings on your own (rice, variety of nuts and candy, etc).Overall I won't make a separate trip just to visit this store. Even if I'm on this side of town, I'm still hesitant to stop by.
2	I checked out this place after hearing how great there prices were, and yes they had good prices on some things, but many of their prices were the same as everywhere else or more.And it's cash or debit only... No thanks. I like my cash back credit card.
4	I go to Winco off and on. They are open 24hrs so it is convienient in that way. It does get very busy in here so we tend to go between 7:30am and 8am to beat the big crowds The staff is very helpful and friendly. I like that the fruits and vegies are cheap and look really good. Compared to other stores that have expensive $$ and not so good produce. I love the bulk area especially for BIG time Baking like CHRISTMAS!! Nuts of all kinds, spices, etc. One thing I have noticed is don't get used to an item that they carry because they wont carry some items again for a while. For example we were shopping pretty regularly and I was always buying the ONE Coconut water "great price". Then for two months they didn't have it. I left the store started going to the competitor store Walmart and just came back within 3 months and now they have it. Its worth going to just keep your eyes open to things.
4	Just shopped at Winco for my first time this morning. I have heard/read some not so great reviews and I had to see for myself. When I walked in it was much better than what I had expected. They have everything you need and their prices are unbelievable. Everyone there is very friendly and willing to help you if you don't know where you are going. You may think that the check out lines are very long due to all the food people are buying, but it is the total opposite. The check out clerks move you along very quick, and the only downfall is you bag your own groceries but who really cares about that. Also their produce is up to bar with Whole Foods with tons of options fitting everyone's needs. With this being my first time at Winco I am very satisfied and definitely will be doing more of my shopping here!
1	On august 22, 2013 I received a letter from JP Quijano, a claim professional affiliated with WinCo Foods stating;Please be advised that a claim arose involving a WinCo Foods customer (me) purchased your dog treats, specifically rawhide and pig ears, from our store and alleges that consumption of both treats was the cause of his dog's death. Our client did not make any modification to your product. As such, we have determined there is no apparent liability/negligence on our client.Another words, when asking WinCo Foods for compensation in the death of my dog, they would just rather pass the buck to the manufacturer and not take any responsibility for the products and or how they are displayed and handled in there stores.My dog's death could have been a tax right off to WinCo, for my vet bills where more than what I was asking for.  Then this bad review and the poor customer service could have been avoided.This claim took from 02/02/2013 date of loss to 09/09/2013, for me to speak to someone (the manufacturer) for this matter to be taken care of in a professional manner. If I didn't care as much about my dog to take the time and to call and call about this matter, it would have been forgotten and that is how I feel WinCo Foods wanted it, after all it was just a dog that died. I feel WinCo Foods should have handled this whole situation different for better customer service and maybe in the future they will.
3	It's nice that the prices are so good and that it's open 24 hours, but it's mostly pretty unhealthy food. I suppose that most stores like this are going to be that way, but I still don't think it would be a big deal to add some basic "healthy" options and more vegetarian choices. I don't imagine the crowd here is that different from a Smith's or an Albertson's and both of those stores (despite being much smaller) have many more options in this regard. While they don't have a full pharmacy (i.e. no ability to fill prescriptions), the pharmacy department is the only reason I go here, since they have a generic over-the-counter allergy spray that has the same exact ingredients as the options other places, but is vastly cheaper (even when compared to CVS or Walgreens "store brands").
4	WinCo is a bit of a drive for me as F&E, and Smith's are closer, but I do love WinCo's low prices. One thing I absolutely crave, their coffee. OMG It's amazeballs.  I grind my own and mix a couple different beans together to get the flavor profile I want.  I used to work at a coffee shop, so I created flavored coffee all the time.  They have a huge selection of produce, cheap prices too. They have a huge meat, packaged cold cut, and cheese section. I particularly like their 2lb pkg of ground turkey for around $5.50!  Dairy case, frozen section, and some larger bulk items too. I also like their gluten free section over by the bakery section. I don't have celiac disease but I have lost some weight and kept it off by eating gluten free.   You should know that this chain does not accept credit cards. I made that mistake once and bounced my bank account, but the food was tasty! :D
3	The prices are good.  All the staff with whom we came in contact were very nice.  Then, we got to the checkout.  The elderly male checker was sooooooo rude!  It was Tuesday, November 26, 2013, before noon.
5	The best supermarket in town. Friendly staff, great choices, great prices. Come and see for yourself.
3	I haven't been to Winco since last year, when I was pregnant. When I was there, I saw an employee, who was working in a fridge box, with an empty cart next to her. I asked her if I could take the EMPTY cart from her, she sighed heavily, and very nastily, said "I guess". Not wanting to steal her empty cart from her, I asked to speak to a manager about her attitude. No manager was on duty. I filled out a comment card, and no one to this day has ever contacted me. Last night, my guy wanted to go. I reluctantly went. I do agree that this reminds me of a 'food 4 less'. There are some things that are forth buying there, and there are some things that are so out of the price range, it's ridiculous. The produce is decently priced. I am getting back into juicing, and it's nice to have a decent sized selection of fruits and veggies. I have also found some "Tiger Sauce" that I can only find at Albertsons for 3 or 4 dollars, at Winco, I was able to get it for 2 something.No employee stopped and greeted us.I don't understand the big bins and plastic containers of muffin mix and nuts. That kind of freaks me out.
2	WinCo tries to position itself as a discount, "great deal" grocery store and as such, they have a very industrial warehouse feel. It's quite an unpleasant store to shop in. Some of the prices are good and some are outrageous; make sure you know your products and prices before setting foot inside. The frozen food section is something to behold (if you eat processed frozen stuff), and the variety of brands and products here is very impressive. The deli, bakery and meat departments are big and showy in terms of size, but the stuff is pretty low quality and looks less than fresh. Think Food 4 Less type quality.I don't shop here often but there are two reasons I do: first, the produce is cheap. They always have some fresh veggies on sale and you can score some amazing deals if you hit the store on a good day. Only shop the sale items, the regular prices can be high. Second; their bulk food section is the best in town. I'm a cook who cooks for two, so I don't need a giant bag of nuts or spices. Here, I can get just the amount I need! They carry a great selection of sugar free and low carb bulk candy, perfect if you are a dieter or diabetic.They don't take credit cards either, debit or cash only! Come prepared; you must bag your own groceries too.
4	Ok when four different girls at work in one night said they bought what they were eating at winco I guess it was about time I checked this place out! It lost a star already as the two in town are both so inconvenient for my home! It's not worth the drive for groceries but if I'm in the area I would check it out again. Maybe one day they will open one up in a more central location!The place has a Costco feel when you first walk in but opens up to a regular grocery store. Some of the prices are great and some are the same as the regular store.the selection is good and nicely organized. What really sets this store apart is the nice bulk section that is well organized and way awesome prices! They have a variety of trail mixes, nuts, dried fruit, baking goods, granola, and candy. The different flours like almond and coconut is the cheapest in town by the pound! They have some selections too that are hard to find anywhere else for baking and candy selection! It's a nice concept but until they move closer or I decide to go to that side of town more, I won't be a frequent shopper. But a tip: the guy told me you get a discount if you bring your own grocery bags!
2	They do not accept credit cards, that is a big negative for me.  Lots of bulk items if you like other people hands scooping out of the barrel... I watched some girl sneeze right into the flour.  Produce was expensive, bakery was awful, expensive and zero selection, meat was about the same a everywhere .  I will not be back.
3	Using coupons is a nightmare and takes forever to check out.It was a busy Friday evening so that is expected!  I don't come here often because I'm not that desperate for bargains but I did come to use the $10 off $50 coupon. I like the price comparisons posted that show competitor prices. I got some great deals but since they need overrides for coupons I won't return often.  They do have more lanes open than most stores and if you spend 100s here it may be worth it. Don't come here for a few things its not worth the headache.
4	This place is awesome! Cheap food, big selection and you can get almost anything you need from candy to nuts to pancake batter to dog treats and MUCH MORE from the bulk section dirt cheap!! Gotta love WinCo!!
4	My wife and I love shopping here. They have great looking produce and their bulk foods section is nice when you have to stock up for a party like pretzels or nuts. I've used their bulk foods and made my own trail mix many times for camping trips.
3	Ya it's a Winco, they are all the same pretty much. I am not a fan of their produce, it seems to go bad pretty quick. I do buy coffee here in bulk. Their bulk foods do have a good selection, pop corn, dog bones, almonds, candy (what candy, I don't eat candy!) I don't like to buy too much here, mainly cuz I do not care to bag my own groceries, I just feel rushed bagging groceries.. uugghhh.. Humm, at least I am honest..
5	I love this place.The bulk foods and low prices are top notch, I will never grocery shop at a walmart or other grocery store ever again. the only draw back for a first time shopper, yes u do have to bag your own groceries and they do not take credit cards..but this is how they keep costs down to give us good prices.
4	So glad this place opened to close to my house. Winco has made shopping at the greedy pigsty that is Walmart obsolete. I mostly get produce and canned goods and staples here. Their meats aren't that great but I wouldn't expect them to be at a discount store. For that I'll pay a bit more for better quality at Whole Foods or Smiths. To those complaining about them not accepting credit cards or you having to bag your groceries, that's one of they reasons they can pay their employees decent wages and still keep prices low, unlike Walmart. Costco doesn't accept CC's either.
4	I love the huge bulk section and the prices are pretty good, some products are the same price as other grocery stores but overall ill take the 20 min ride down 215 to shop at Winco instead of 5 mins away at Albertsons, Walmart OR Smiths. Only thing I was dissapointed to see was that they dont offer soda deals like other grocery stores. But nonetheless i love this store and will continue to shop here but hopefully they will open one in sw area where i live sooner than later!
5	I wish there were WinCo's everywhere instead of Walmarts! Enough said, end review. No, just kidding. But seriously I love this place. Well, except for that damn do-it-yourself candy station with every possible candy imaginable. I have yet to go to WinCo without leaving with a huge bag of lemonheads. But there is WAY more than do it yourself candy! There are pastas, herbs, spices, rices, grains, flours, sugar, even honey!! They have items in bulk like meats and cereals. They have normal everyday grocery items. Prices are decent and they pay their employees well too. Just an all around respectable company that I love supporting.P.S. They are open 24 hours!
5	This store is not like your average overpriced grocer. This place is Great. Why you ask? GO TO THE BULK SECTION--there is everything you could think of needing (probably stuff you didnt know you needed) at a price you could never find at any chain store. They have a machine to make your own peanut butter.....no not lard or oils just peanuts and salt. A tub of that which is more than the side of a jar of natural peanut butter at the other stores is around $2.30, close to $5 at your local store.Spices--Amazing selection of spices and im not talking about a few im talking every spice out there. I can get a POUND of cayenne pepper for $5 or a pound of garlic powder for less......try getting that in your store for that price.Quality stuff at a lesser cost.....the store is employee owned.Why are you still reading this???? get your caboose to Winco!
5	This store is great.  Great deals and great buys.  Meat and chicken are the best deals. U can have a great dinner party for very little.   The employees are happy and after reviewing the stores info, I would rather give this place my business then walmart.
3	WinCo is a grocery store I shop at just every once in a while.   They are conveniently located just off of the 215 and Stephanie.  The parking lot is huge.  Plus they are open 24/7 for those with crazy work hours.   For me, it's just ok.   I haven't had good luck with the produce I purchase.  There are other items in the grocery department that I can get great deals on.   But keep a close eye on prices of your regular grocery items. I've come across a few things that are priced significantly higher than the other grocery stores.   Sneaky!Also they do not accept credit cards. They say this is to keep prices lower for customers.  As stated before, I've found higher prices on items that I usually buy.  Hmmm.   If I need to, I will shop here but I will keep my weekly grocery shopping to another store.
5	Like Cub Foods of Chicago/Denver and other places. Clean, well stocked, very excellent fair prices. Employee-owned. It shows. Pride in helpful service. Enjoyable stores to shop in. Bins are a joy! Felt like home to me: Cub Foods. Excellent!
5	Prices are great on packaged items.  Bulk items have crazy low prices.  Wife eats her weight in sunflower seeds.  It's really nice to buy them in bulk!!!
5	I love WinCo. They have the lowest prices in comparison to any other market. I have been here a month now and shopped at every store (on purpose) to compare prices, and WinCo wins, hands down!
4	Cut your costs and take advantage of the bulk section.  Surprised to find organic and gluten free ingredients for Monkey recipes here.  Score!  Traders Joe is unique, but WinCo will give them a run for key organic staples...  Need a WinCo on the westside, please!
3	From the first impression It looks like a version of Food4Less geared towards the anglo market.  From the warehouse grocery store set up, the weekly sales wall entrance all the way up to the self bagging after check out.  The kick to it is that it is somewhat employee owned.  Meaning it was founded by supermarket employees supposedly.  Now dont quote me because I haven't done the research, but I think I heard that the employees also are given stock shares?  All that aside this store does look like it is taken care of.  There are bulk dry foods that dispense by the pound.  The meat department is a throwback to grocery shopping in the 2000's.  There seems to be a lot more cuts of meats constantly available that are not seen so often at the major chains any longer.  Cuts such as short ribs, all 3 baby back, St. Louis and sparerib simultaneously.  Sea food choices like live oyster by the "each".  They have 3 different sizes of shrinp including giant langostino, er whatever really big shrimp.  They have more fish choices than just salmon sea bass and tilapia.  Which is more than can be said for major chains.I stumbled upon local honey from a farm in the region.  A good holistic remedy ingredient!  The Winco store brand products aren't bad.  I don't look at store brand as generic, I call it Non-Monsanto mostly.  The prices are competitive on almost everything.  Produce is standard.  Pretty much everything else is basically standard stuff.I like to support a lesser corporate monster than the known suspects so we have to look up the employee owned part but all in all it is like a cleaned up Food4Less more or less.
5	I found WinCo foods to be a great place for most of my shopping.  I enjoy going during early morning hours but found it not to be a great time as they are restocking the store.A better time to go is around 8:00 A.M. or 8:00 P.M.  I don't buy much meat there but did find a wonderful pork roast for half the price of Albertsons.  Overall I probably save about 40% from Albertsons or Vons , but I am a very careful shopper.  My food budget is $200.00 a month and that includes all things like health care, toothpaste, coffee, spices, virtually everything.  I prefer to bag my own groceries as it also saves money that is passed onto the consumer.  The bulk section is wonderful, I can get a high quality brown rice for 69 cents a pound and I eat a lot of rice.  WinCo is best for the careful shopper who avoids junk food and processed food.
1	You cant give prices of things over the phone? So I have to make the trip without knowing what I'm getting?  Way to be inconvenient and waste my time. I'll never shop there again.
5	Loved the store. Very good prices. Hope to go back soon. Florida needs Winco 's I stead of those other big stores. wink wink Winco.
5	We found this place on reddit in the juicers feed.  Prices are awesome and produce was fresh great place to save money and they have an awsome variety for raw and vegan foods.  Also their bulk stuff is awesome!
4	Love their produce and bulk food section. Big store, great prices and lots of variety. This is my new grocery store for sure!
5	This is the first time I've shopped at WinCo since I moved from Oregon 10 years ago. I missed it ...love it and will drive a few extra miles to shop there from now on.. Their produce is much better quality than the other stores in Vegas. The bulk foods are great and no membership fee.. Lots of variety on ethnic foods. Overall a great comfortable shopping experience! Felt like I was back home!!
1	If I could give ZERO stars I would. If I could delete my last RAVE review I would! I  loved this store but my recent experience has me beside myself.  My son opened 2 junk toys (the over priced plastic crap every grocery store sells) in the aisle and played with them.  HE DIDN'T STEAL THEM.  I realize now that he can't be trusted in the store without me  but they caught him on camera and FORCED me to pay for the toys.  My 25$grocery order became a quick 40$. They had the packaging in their possession and could have easily taped them back in to the boxes but refused.  I've seen Wal-Mart do this with their items all of the time.  I confronted the manager who said it was out of his hands. I scanned the packaging and realized that they were TRYING to make me pay for cardboard so I made my son get the toys THAT WERE STILL IN THE AISLE so I could pay for them.  I think this is BULL SHIT. Believe me my KID'S in trouble but I'm not coming back EVER.  THIS WAS MY FAVORITE STORE.  WHAT a BOGUS experience.  Had he stolen them I would understand but he didn't. The clerk that was listening to what they were putting me through was actually on my side and told me that she knows kids do this all of the time every day and their parents aren't charged. I made my son donate the toys I was forced to pay for that were STILL IN THEIR POSSESSION to Good Will.  Sorry Win-co you have a poor way of dealing with children. I'll spend the extra money closer to home.
3	I'm still annoyed by their "security" tactics in regard to small children opening toys, However, they are a good store and by far the cheapest so I'm just not going to bring my son with me when i go, and if I have to, he will have to sit in the cart. I was contacted by a former security personnel in regard to my post, who told me I had every right to be angry because the issue was handled inappropriately. I guess we have to take the good with the bad. My son learned his lesson, so did i.
1	I've never actually been here, but I called to find out their price for crab legs and they said they couldn't tell me over the phone.  Why not????  They lost a potential customer because of this.  However, Smith's has great prices on crab legs!
