3	The Herberger is a toss up as a facility.  Yes, it's not like the old art deco palaces like Orpheum or the Pantages in LA, but that's ok.  I like the exterior design, the atrium and the decor of the place, but they really need a larger lobby and the way the ticket booth is set-up in a cul-de sac of sorts makes getting around the cramped lobby difficult.  Add to that some kind of craft fair vendor thing and the way people were crowded over in the bar set up in a hallway (?).  Not impressed with the set up of the lobby.  Restrooms?  Small as well...not nearly the number of stalls/urinals they should have for an 800 seat theater. The inside of the theater is very faux-traditional with the balconies and such and cozy, comfortable red plush seats and even the from the farthest of seats you have a decent view.  Not sure if it was just the production I saw, but there were no curtains, so come curtain call, the audience was confused as to whether it was over.
3	I'm in agreement with most of Stevey P's review.  The lobby sales were akward and it was unclear about how it related to the theater.  I liked the stage and the set for the production I saw was amazing.  The direction was also very good and the small cast was used very creatively.  I enjoyed the faux-golden age of theater feel.  It was true to Phoenix architecture:  a soutwestern reprise of high cultures from european civilizations (Have a look at Gammage auditorium if you don't believe that there is a trend emerging in the Valley)I thought the acting was a little jilted in the production I saw... and I don't think it was due strictly to the British-affect the actors adopted.
3	I'm just a regular joe, and am probably not qualified to review a theater... so let's do this!Parking was very convenient, as I chose the lot across the street.  Stairwells didn't smell like urine, so it already beats out the Greyhound bus terminal parking garage in Riverside CA for ambiance.On our way to will call, my daughter and I had an intellectual conversation about the pronunciation of Herberger.   Was is 'her-burger' or was it 'her-ber-ger'?  Curse you, Hooked On Phonics!My tickets were delivered posthaste.  The atrium seemed fancy until I beheld the swap meet tables functioning as the focal point.  But I'ze white trash, so I purchased one of them there comedy/drama mask necklace charms.I liked the bar set in the hallway.  I waited less than a minute both times I frequented it.  Oh, how very cosmopolitan I felt with my hand crafted soda.  You might want to skip the cookies though... a little doughy for this dough-boy.  Yeah, I know they don't have goat's milk, but you can bring your own... in a flask... concealed.BTW, they will only let you bring bottled water into the auditorium... and if you plan on eating and hard candy during the performance, then you best unwrap it before the drama commences, or risk a public cane-ing... because there were many spectators with walking sticks.  I'm enamored with the look, and plan on being a man about town when I order my new shillelagh.The men's room stalls had ample room... a place where a man of stature can put some distance between his knees.  Actually, I only had to go number one.  Jealous?!?The theater was very intimate.  I don't think there was a bad seat in the house.  I did feel a little cramped, as my knees touched the back of the seat in front of me.  How I longed for the legroom of the stall.  But I'm a big guy.  The seats were comfortably padded.Big Bonus: my shoes didn't stick to the floor.I thought the acoustics were great, as I didn't miss more than a few words.My 15 year old daughter enjoyed it enough to come back, so I am looking forward to attending April's presentation of Mockingbird.Thank you her-burger for a delightful venue.
4	Over the years I have been to the Herberger for many performances. I have enjoyed each and every one, with Othello being my favorite.  The outside plaza has a variety of sculptures in dance poses.  The lobby is nice with a glass front and "grand" staircase.  I haven't used the ticket booth so I can't speak about those concerns.There are actually two performance rooms, but every show I have seen has been in the 800 seat theatre.  I haven't always been able to get center seats so I've discovered that there are good seats throughout the house.  The balcony area is roomy and comfortable as well.The performances that I have seen have been first-rate from sets, to costumes, dances, sound and acting.  It's a wonderful venue to see wonderful performances.
5	I thought I was in a bad dream last night, my sitter was late like I missed the first part kinda late. I was steaming mad grrrr when I got to the Box office it was already closed of course, because who would actually be that late for a show! After peeping thru the doors we were directed to the head honcho, he politely gave us our tickets and instead of us interrupting the people already seated he decided to put us in some empty balcony seats on the lower level. It was great! I never made it upstairs and mind you I was late but from what I saw and the staff being so helpful when I thought the night was totally ruined they get 5 star's from me!
4	Hello, let me introduce you to a classy little theater in downtown Phoenix. +Easy to find. You can snag free parking on the street, if you're lucky (assuming this show is after 5 p.m. on a weekday). +Not a bad seat in the house. +Super nice staff and seating attendants. +Clean restrooms.+Full schedule with plenty of shows.- I felt like I was at a Nursing Home Annex. The audience may be a bit skewed toward the older generation, but it could have been the show I saw. - Not alot to see or look at while you wait for intermission to end. (So make sure you go with somebody you can chat with!)- There was cookies and cider at the bar, but I had no idea if I had to pay or not. (And, let's face it, I would have looked like a tool going up there to ask. El cheapo!)Kym S graciously invited me to see Enchanted April here. And the play was marvelous! So kudos goes to Herberger for hosting such a delightful play. I would most definitely recommend this place, so check their schedule for upcoming shows. And thanks Kym for the invite! I had such a great time!
4	My only dissappointment (actually there is one more and it has to do with cold balls...proceed with caution) with the Herberger was I thought it was called the Hamburger Theatre and was looking forward to a meaty snack. But alas. It is the Herberger. Not the Himberger. Or the Itsmyberger. The Herberger. Rickie was an "esteemed and prestigious" judge at the Miss Black Arizona Pagaent. A pagaent, mind you, that lasted SIX hours. So I was a frequent customer at the bar. And the restroom. So I can attest to good bar service. One time as I grabbed a cookie from the bar, he politely told me they were $1.50. Oops. Color me red. I had started out in the VIP lounge where everything was complimentery. Including the ice cold meatballs. But I digress. The restrooms. Clean. Really, really clean. The box office staff was friendly and helped find the right person who had my ticket. Rickie had already been seated. You know, as the "esteemed and prestigious judge". I was basically road kill at this point. Finally got my balcony seat and had a great view of the pagaent and could see Rickie writing and watch him texting me. Now back to the VIP Lounge. No bar set up. Which equals no adult beverages. Kinda sucked. And the food was COLD. I met the craziest pagaent moms. One lady, in fun, even told me to "talk to the hand". I kid you not. Oh. Parking you ask?  Across the street. I think we spent five bucks. I would most definitely return to the Herberger. I will remember to bring my own cookies and to ask how long the show will be. The art scattered about was enjoyable and the theatre itself was quite beautiful. Hopefully sometime soon the Pet Shop Boys will perform here. That's all I have...
3	This place reminds me of the Pantages in Seattle.  A cute little performing arts theatre with a balcony and some red seats.  It's nice inside and the acoustics are quite good.  You can't really beat the location or the nice staff that runs the place.My problems are many though.  The naked statues outside are a bit unsettling - especially the child.  The seats are too close together; my knees were wedged against the seat back all night.  The WonderWoman logos that wrap the inside of the theatre are a bit weird.  They won't let you use the exit doors near the bottom in the middle of the show so you have to walk past everyone and disrupt 3 times as many people.I think that's about it.  It's a decent place.  I'd probably go back if they ever hosted a show I wanted to see.  Maybe some day I'll live in a city that actually has culture...and maybe that will be because of the Herberger.
2	Let's start with positives... - Large and open entrance (way better than Gammage, which is a never ending hallway) - Intimate stage/seating - Helpful/sweet/attentive staff - Bathrooms - they were clean, well lit, well decorated, and smelled good :} Negatives... - Naked statues in front of the theater - don't get me wrong, I'm all about art being an expression of beauty and the human body being beautiful, but I also appreciate artistic traits: class, taste and reverence...none of which were present in front of this theater. - Concessions, a dumpy little espresso kiosk? LAME... I'd like to come and see another show here to give the theater another shot, because honestly, the show I saw (which I refuse to name/advertise) was poorly written, boring and the acting was the worst I have seen in a very long time...
3	Saw opening night of [title of show] here, and although I loved the show, the theater was simply OK.  Have to agree with previous comments that the statues in front of the theater are a bit odd.  I get that they're trying to be artsy, but sometimes it's not art, it's just weird.We happened to get front row seats, which was quite amazing because we saw all the expressions of the actors & I almost felt like I was part of the show being that close, but at the same time my neck was hurting a bit from having to look UP most of the show.  Still, would take front row seats anytime to get to see the detailed expressions, etc.The seats were cramped.  I felt lucky to not have a row in front of me as I would have felt a bit claustrophobic.Overall, I had a good night out doing something different and seeing a great (& unique) show, and if I got free tickets to another show here I wouldn't turn them down.
3	The Herberger Theatre is a cute and very intimate setting to catch a show.  It feels very old world inside with the semi art deco inspired decor and the red velvet seating.  That being said, everything is in old world proportions.  I'm talking like Fenway Park seating.  All the seats are extremely narrow and close together.  I guess that's what makes it so intimate!  The acoustics in here are quite good so it was very enjoyable to hear a show.  The staff was all friendly and helpful, so that's always nice.  My main drawback, and this one is big for me, is the yucky naked statues out front.  Now, I'm not a prude or anything, and I appreciate art.  The Statue of David is nude but it is incredible well done and quite beautiful, even with the peen hangin out in all it's glory.  Unfortunately, the statues out front are not beautiful and were shoddily made.  I feel especially uncomfortable walking past the child one.  Ewwww...  Anyway, I like the theatre and I would like to see a good quality show come through here so I can go again.
4	For being a small place, it is great for some plays, as the space get's to be more intimate. No need to worry and fight for a good seat, you'll get to see the show where ever you are. Place is new and has many things going on, so if you have time, enjoy!. The other plus, that you can take the light rail to get there. Personally, I don't go to have a drink to a theater or a coffee, so I can't say much of their little bar.
4	I saw "The Glass Menagerie" at Herberger Theater last night (3/27) and not only was the play great but the Herberger staff made the entire experience memorable. As a first-timer I appreciated the attention and thoughtful each theater-goer received. I'll definitely be back for "The Second City Does Arizona, Or Close, But No Saguaro."
5	Wow!  You guys (the earlier reviewers) are prudes!  Naked statues shouldn't even get a mention.  This is a theater, not a Mormon temple.The seating here was great.  Such a small theater that every seat is great.  (I was in Stage West i believe.)  The acoustics were great and the concessions were fine.  Not excessively priced, but still concessions priced.Really?  Naked people get you guys that weirded out?!
4	Was at grand re-opening of Herberger, featuring mini-performances from performing arts organizations including Phoenix Boys Choir, Phoenix Opera, AZ Opera, Scottsdale School of Ballet, Epik Dance, Valley Youth Theatre.Kudos on the renovation - new entrances grants accessibility from 2nd Street, while maintaining 3rd Street and Monroe accessibility.In general, the Herberger is well-designed as an overall theatre destination. Both main stages, Central Stage and Stage West, maintain an intimate feel - every seat in the house is worth having.  The bar counter opens to ample outdoor patio seating, which overlooks the central courtyard. Beautiful 2nd-floor open-air loft space above the central rotunda and cozy lounge in the west wing with balcony overlooking the central courtyard. Both spaces were used to showcase local artists this weekend, the lounge seems esp. perfect for event space.
4	Giving this theater 4 stars because my first and only experience here was a good one, although a couple things can be improved upon.First, I went last night with a friend to see "In the Next Room, the Vibrator Play." As you may know or can tell, very adult oriented play. The majority of the laughs were in the first half of the play, but as a whole very amusing, entertaining, great performances and solid writing. It made for a fun start to our Saturday night.Like most theaters, symphony halls, performance centers, etc., they serve coffee, beer, wine and a few select liquors, which must be consumed before entering the actual theater. Likewise, I love the fact that one can purchase drinks (wine for us) for the intermission and the drinks will be poured and waiting for you without standing in line again. Bonus, considering the intermission may be your only opportunity for a restroom break.The chairs are very comfortable within the theater and there really is not a bad seat in the house, considering it is a very small theater. I have two complaints, though, which are totally fixable in which case I would easily rank this theater 5 stars...1) The temperature was very pleasant outside, between say 60 and 65 degrees. Inside, however, we were sweating. It wasn't a dripping sweat but if you choose to "dress up" to go to the theater, you might be uncomfortable, as we were.2) My second complaint is about the website and the frustration in navigating around to find seating charts that don't suck. Right now it's a crappy, what they consider, 3D seating chart that when clicked on will show you the available seats. The problem is, it doesn't work very well. It's just not clear. It's sad when you google seating charts for the theater and ticket brokers have a better seating diagram than the theater itself. So do yourself a favor and do what I did, find a good seating chart and call the box office. It's quicker and you know exactly what you're getting.My thoughts on the best seats....the floor seats seem to be good and close. But I chose mezzanine  because I like the looking-down view. If you do choose one of the balconies, I recommend in front of the stage and the 1st row. If you sit on either side of the stage, you'll inevitably end up leaning forward in your seat and resting your elbows on the ledge in front of you to get the best view, doesn't seem that comfy. And I say front row because we sat center stage on the second row and my friend had a hard time seeing over or around the big hair in front of her. Just saying.Great experience overall. Small venue, has a laid back feel to it with some folks choosing to dress to the 9's while others were comfortably wearing jeans. I'll be keeping my eye out for other plays that might interest me, as I will certainly return to this theater.
4	I went here last week to see "Respect", and loved it. The theater is set up in just a way that you can have a good view from any of the seats. We were sitting up in the Mezzanine, and still had a perfect view of the stage. The play itself was really fun, and the singers were full of energy and impressive. I remember coming here as a child with my parents to see other plays that came through Phx, and I always remember loving those experiences as well!
4	I hadn't been to the Herberger in awhile and was pleasantly surprised at how good the balcony seating is.  The accousitcs were wonderful and except for the fact that literally one minute after the performance began there was a guy chomping on cough drops behind me, it was well worth it.  I didn't pay much attention to the statues out front but the meters aren't free until 8pm (seriously, in downtown Phoenix??) so we took advantage of the $3. parking deal they offer patrons.
4	I never would have walked into the Herberger without my brother, the dancer. Since his joining of the resident modern dance company at the Herberger, I've seen him perform twice now at this theater. I love that they have multiple theaters in one building. Because of this, the Herberger is always buzzing with people. There are people of all ages here, except for maybe the ushers. I'm not sure who's responsible for the lighting, and sound here, but I think they do a really tremendous job. I'm not at all the type who is into details, but I mentioned this to my brother, and he said he was also really impressed, even from stage. I'd really like to find another excuse to see a show here, and it seems like they bring a great selection. The theater center is newly remodeled, and there's a cute little lounge upstairs called Bob's Spot. Also upstairs is a small art gallery. I've seen a few great sculptures of there, and even a Leslie Nielson plaque....random. We usually find pretty decent street parking given that it is downtown. There are also surrounding parking garages nearby as well.
4	Having passed this place numerous times, I was excited to get the chance to see the world premier of Ten Chimneys here last night. We made the short walk over from dinner at the Arizona Center and I was really impressed with the venue. Super clean, very aesthetically pleasing, and the staff on hand was very nice. We found our way to the seats and in the inside of the theater matched the expectations from the outside. Plush red seats, nice size staged, a very intimate set up I think. While I didn't check out the bathrooms or any of the other stages, it is a really cool place that I look forward to visiting in the future.
4	I am surprised I have not reviewed this theater.  I have been here for several performances by the Arizona Theater company.  The place is always spotless.  The attendants, many of whom I believe volunteer their time, are always knowledgeable about seating and other questions I have had.  And the real attraction to attending a play here is there are no bad seats in the house!
4	I wish I lived closer, I know it is not NYC,  but I enjoyed the theater and the performance.  I had a fantastic time watching Ten Chimneys, it was a fun show.
5	my wife and I went to see Sex and the Second City.  What a hilarious play!  We had a great time, everyone at the theater was very friendly and it was a great experience.
4	Last night was my first adult play experience. I have been to the theater to see the Nutcracker when I was a kid and I saw the Lion King in New York when I was a kid as well. I remember them being fun, but that's about the extent of my memories of the theater. There happened to be a groupon for the play "The Mystery of Irma Vep" that my mom purchased for the four of us (mom, myself, husband, sister) to attend. We got there a bit early after dinner and walked around the theater looking at the art that was up around the building. There were places you could grab a drink and relax before the show. At our call time we went in and found our seats. We were up on the balcony in the fifth row pretty much right in the center. We had really good seats. The only thing about this theater that made me uncomfortable and keeps it from attaining that fifth star were first of all the seats. The backs were extremely straight and having a back condition it makes sitting up that straight difficult for long periods of time. The second thing that was a bit uncomfortable was the temperature of the theater. It was a bit warmer than I would have liked. I left coated in a film of sweat. Not pleasant. I was nervous I wasn't dressed appropriately having never been to the theater before, I went in jeans and a t-shirt, but I am glad now that I did because it would have been much more uncomfortable in one of my nice silk dresses than in jeans. However the show was hilarious. The part that made it for me was when one of the characters started singing the Rebecca Black "Friday" song. Classic! Most of the people in the theater didn't get the reference so there were only a few pockets of young people laughing when it happened. But I found it to be a nice touch and after a play full of references I didn't get, I liked that there was something for us young folk thrown in. The rest of the show was funny, and I am glad that I got to experience it. After coming here I am interested in becoming more active in plays and am looking into seeing a ballet soon. All of us really enjoyed this, and I was surprised my husband liked this as much as he did. A good time had by all!
4	Yay for small theaters!!!! Seriously. All you people that love those huge grandiose things need to experience the intimacy and power that comes with a small theater, and a nice one on top of that. The Herberger is in a great location and is a great venue to see a show. The staff is always really friendly and the space is always clean. It has class without being too stale and old. Like downtown hipster class. It's nice. Soothing. Fun. Good for all ages. The bar inside also has a window for the outside patio which is great for nice evenings and intermissions :) Also, if you're lucky you will see some musical troubadours outside as well.One awesome thing is that you can get parking validated for the Arizona Center for $3. You park there, take your ticket, then go to the Herberger box office and get a validation ticket. When you exit the Arizona Center, enter the ticket you got when you parked and then the validation one.So now you have no more excuses not to go (if the light rail didn't help already).See you there!!
5	Herberger's Lunchtime Theatre is truly the coolest thing to do for lunchtime in downtown Phoenix.  You can pick up a live 30-45 minutes live theatre performance on your lunchbreak and eat a decent deli sandwich in one of the best theatres in the valley for $12.  UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!Why this isn't a sell out crowd every day makes no sense to me.  Herberger has been doing it for years and I swear I am going to do this regularly, and I don't even work downtown.If you are on lunchbreak you may need to extend your lunch break a little just for commute or parking.    You were probably going to spend $12 on lunch anyway, you may as well stop by a world class theatre watch a witty show with what seem to be professional actors for 45 minutes.  The shows run for about 2 weeks and then there is 2 week break, then a new show runs for another two weeks, throughout the season.  SCHEDULE:http://www.herbergertheater.org/lunch_time_theaterJoin the mailing list.  Herberger will mail you the entire schedule each season.  They are brilliant shows that usually get a earnest guffaw from me before they end.  This is a concept that is so good, people can't conceive that such a show is available at such a time and such a place!  Best value in Theatre!!!
2	This review is about the Attendants (Ushers).Has a group they are totally unfamiliar with the seating plan.****They'll send you to ANOTHER door, for BEST ACCESS to your seats.****Guess what, you were previously at the BEST DOOR.I have a feeling, that these Folks, are volunteers.       MANAGEMENT should not put, unknowledgable staff, on the floor.
5	I was asked to move my original review to a listing for Arizona Theatre Company  instead (which I have), but I thought that my review here is also significant, for the Herberger Theatre was a great venue to showcase the phenomenal production.  The lighting was fantastic-- the subtleties were not lost on me as the scenes progressed from comedic to utter sadness, and I could almost FEEL the sunshine coming through the large windows whenever scenes from Lock Willow played out, and the cold winter air surrounding Jerusha's dorm that winter as she wrote to her "Daddy."  The ushers were very friendly and eager to help those who needed it, the cookies looked wonderful by the bar, and the women's restroom was tidy.Now, if we could only get HT to emphasize in many places that it offers $3 parking validation...  ---I thank Yelp and ATC for giving me the great opportunity to experience a terrific performance of "Daddy Long Legs," ATC's first musical production at The Herberger Theater tonight!  The two-actor (Megan McGinnis and Robert Adelman Hancock) musical, plus the invisible, but great assets, the orchestra and sound crew, entertained and amazed me w/ their execution of a well-written body of work.  It had comedy, romance, deception, and sorrow, to name a few... what's not to like?  Truly enjoyed McGinnis' impeccable timing, as well.  It is sad that many people pass up the opportunity to watch live theater due to the higher ticket fees, and I cannot fault them-- what's easier to bear: $37 per person plus $3 parking fee, which you may buy at the box office prior to attending the show, or $10 and free parking at the movies (well, at least when you're NOT catching one in downtown PHX)?  However, when you do decide to place the financial investment, you will almost always be rewarded w/ a highly-memorable night, believe you me!  I had a wonderful time, and I would definitely recommend "Daddy Long Legs" to anyone who enjoys great acting and music!  (Much thanks to McGinnis and Hancock for their lovely harmonies-- I cherished them!)
5	I came here with my boyfriend for the very first time last night. We loved it!!                   A great venue, small and intimate. Nice soft seats, done in red velor.                                 It is a small Theater,so it makes it so easy to see the performance very clearly.  Everyone that works here is very friendly. The attendants were very helpful..The bathrooms are very clean and automated.                                                                                        There is even a snack bar with consumer friendly prices. You make take your bottled water in the Theater with you as well.  We saw the show Daddy Long Legs, i loved it so!   It was a great story and so well done.  What a brilliant performance!! Wonderful singing. Lots of parking and restaurants around so you can eat before you go. We will be back and looking forward to it!
5	This is the best place to watch theater in the Valley. No such thing as a bad seat. Acoustics are excellent. Small enough to feel intimate but big enough to not be confused with your neighbor's basement. I've enjoyed every performance I've seen here.
4	Very, very nice theater. I swear there is not a bad seat in the house, unless of course you are sitting behind a tall person and then you are screwed. I was lucky enough to see the performance, Daddy Long Legs and both the actors (Megan McGinnis and Robert Adelman Hancock) did a fantastic job. They kept you entertained the entire time which is what you want in a musical/play. (although there was a woman behind me who fell asleep and starting snoring.. wowza) The bathrooms ( which I frequented before, during intermission, and after) are quite clean which is always a plus in my book. The staff were friendly and very helpful and I will have to check out the play roster for this theater to see what else may be coming up.
5	What an amazing night! Exactly what every theater experience should be :)The seats are comfortable, I had a great view of the stage, the show (Daddy Long Legs) was one of the best musicals I have ever seen. Seriously. It was put on by the Arizona Theater Company & from casting to sets, it was impeccable. You will not see traveling shows here & that, in a way, makes it even more fun. If you like supporting local businesses & you love the theater, you can't do better than this place!
2	I have been here twice and last time was great but this time I had expensive first row balcony seats. I didn't know they weren't the same as the other seats. THESE SEATS ARE VERY UNCOMFORTABLE !!!! They are much smaller and much less leg room than middle row plane seats and the person next to me was a triple large person and spilled into my seat and my husband who is normal size spilled into my other side so I think I only had 10 inches of room and was almost not able to squeeze my feet in . At intermission we jumped into the row behind us and felt very relieved they were NORMAL seats . Many elderly people attend and they drop balls of Kleenex everywhere I can't tell you how many balls of Kleenex I stepped on. The ladies bathroom  is pretty and clean but was designed terrible. You only have maybe one foot of room between the door and toilet AND THE DOOR OPENS IN so you have to hop over the toilet to get out. If you are an X-size don't even try it.Next time I will call to ask if the seats are the regular ones or the mini ones. I only noticed this problem in the first row balcony.
5	It's an amazing theater!! The theater is beautiful and the seats are comfortable.Advice:Avoid sitting on row C. Evidently rows A & B were "under the stage," so on row C, we were even with the stage. I've sat on the front row before at other theaters and have never been so close to have to look up. Next time I'll choose seats more toward the middle of the theater.If you'd like a hot appetizer during intermission, order it before the show.
4	Though I've lived in Phoenix for 14 years my first visit to the Herberger was just this week.  I'm glad I went.  We saw a production in a side theater - Stage West - and there wasn't a bad seat in the place.  In fact, there's a tip - you don't need the more expensive seats to see everything.  Even the balcony seats are close.Good acoustics, comfortable seats, friendly staff, and a limited bar /snack stand.Even an art gallery upstairs if you have time to kill before the show.Ample parking in the lot next-door, and on-street parking if you get there early. Also close to the light rail.  Great place to see a show.
5	Fabulous show of Legally Blonde presented by Valley Youth Theatre!  There were even dog actors.  Loved it, loved the spirit of the young actors.  But more importantly, LOVED the brownies served hot.  Yum-o!  Got the recipe to share?
4	Wife and I had the opportunity to attend a YELP event ! The show was called "Circus Americana". Seating was great, don't believe there is a bad seat in the theater. Staff was very nice, bathrooms very clean. Parking is just across the street. Would like to come back and see other performances!
4	Beautiful theater, very clean, nice art on display, the only thing I wasn't impressed with was the seating, the front two rows are too low, so the stage isn't as visible as it should be.
5	Love coming to the Herberger. this is definitely one of the best places for an amazing dose of art, culture & entertainment in downtown Phoenix!  Performances for all tastes, ages and interests.  Affordable and all seating is good seating - a rarity in theaters.   This is definitely a gem of Central Phoenix.
4	Very beautiful smallish theater. I enjoyed watching circus americana here and seeing there artwork. The boyfriend was not too impressed with the acoustics but I enjoyed seeing all that was capable with the space including use of large trampolines, spanish ropes, and swinging from the upper balcony.
5	I've always loved this theater. Big enough and still be intimate. There are no bad seats on the main floor. I love the feeling of grandeur once you enter this theater. I always feel like whatever I'm watching is going to be good otherwise it wouldn't be performing at the Herberger. I also love their location, 5 min walking distance from the Arizona Center so we can have a great dinner before a show at a nice restaurant without having to stress out about driving and the need to find parking twice!
5	I'm not familiar with the theater, but this was a really nice experience for me and my family. The stage is kind of small and intimate, but the balcony is really roomy and nice. The exterior is really pretty and old and full of character.
4	If you have been to the Chicago Theatre in downtown Chicago Illinois.....well this theatre....while not as big......would be Arizona's version. It is small....cozy....comfortable.....and very nostalgic. There is not a bad seat in the house and I was very surprised that I had not seen it before since I have spent sometime hanging around downtown. If your like me and go downtown for the sporting events and city center etc....this place could easily be missed. I went to a Yelp event there a couple of weeks ago which featured Circus Americana.....which is a family run and operated Circus....and it was awesome. If your looking for a huge venue to see a show then go to Chase Field or US Airways Arena.....however your looking for a nice intimate location well the Herberger Center is your spot. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	I've only been here twice, and both times were to see Next to Normal (which was excellent, but that's a totally different review that belongs on a totally different site) this past October. And I'm not going to lie and say "OH! There's no such thing as a bad seat here!" because honestly? That isn't true. If you sit on the extreme left or the extreme right, your sight lines won't be the best. The best thing they have going for them would definitely be the $10 student rush tickets. So, yeah, you're stuck up in the nosebleeds, which kind of sucks. But it's better than nothing and is great for the theater goer on a shoestring budget. Add in the $3 parking validation for across the street, and I (and my wallet) am smitten.
4	Large facility. Nicely lit.
4	I work right by this Theater and have always wanted to check out a show and see what the atmopshere was like inside. Well i finally did and im glad because i had a nice time. Snacks and drinks available. All different kinds of shows constantly going on and you wont have to break the bank to do so. Great for kids!Upstairs and downstairs...check it out. well worth a visit.
5	Can't believe I've lived in Phoenix for 15 years and have never been to Herberger!Intimate, clean, well-maintained--not a bad seat in the house!Will definitely be back!
4	What a fantastic part of both the downtown area and the local theater scene!  Herberger Theater Center has a lovely outdoor area, complete with fanciful sculptures and at least one arch (pictured) to welcome meanderers prior to a show.  After visiting the Will Call window, it's hard to miss the glorious chandelier (pictured) under the atrium.  A theater wouldn't be complete without a bar area for drinks and snacks and HTC has got you covered.  The word "Center" in the title is no accident.  This facility does not have just one theater, but a minimum of two, that I noticed.  The chairs are made of comfy, red velvet and there isn't a bad seat in the house.  Be sure to enjoy a show and support a local theater with local and national acts/shows ASAP.  You won't be disappointed!  :)
5	The Herberger Theater in Phoenix is always the best for performances. This weekend, October 5th, they are also having a Festival of the Arts event where they will be having events inside and flowing out into the streets as well. It's from noon to 5pm and you will see Live Music, Food Vendors, Wine Tastings, Film Shorts,  Children's Activities and my favorite, Pet Adoptions.  I hope to see you all out there. This is the best way to experience the Herberger Theater for the first time if you have never been there before.Donna
5	"Respect" Herberger TheaterMust see! It's a wonderful musical of a women's journey through life. The four women were absolutely wonderful. Good job girls!There were four ladies in our group and we all loved it! Go see it, you'll be glad you did
4	Great place to see a play.  small venue with no bad set.  Great plays.  it is your secret place for good theater in the middle of the city.  Other Desert Cities was one of my favorites.
4	I watched the production of The West Side Story and I thought they did a pretty good job for being a youth theater! The actors were all really young but they had great potential! GREAT JOB EVERYONE! The theater is smaller, so don't get seats that are too close when you buy tickets. We sat on the second row and we were craning our necks to look up at the theater the whole time. If I could choose again, I would have sat further back. The whole theater is very clean, well maintained and a nice relaxing place to enjoy a play.
5	This place is amazing: the architecture is modern and the sound the best I know. For classical music lovers, a "must" in Phoenix, AZ. Not sure what offers other program than the classic.
5	If you have been lucky enough to go to a Broadway play in New York, then you might recognize the Herberger a close cousin. We really enjoy this theatre and have been here many times. It's so much like a real Broadway one in setup and size, but only nicer and updated.  The seats are large and there is no bad one in the house.  I would highly recommend you signup for the Arizona Theatre Company's email blast.  Or if you can afford it, their season packages aren't too expensive and are quite reasonable.Enjoy!
