1	Joe is an arrogant prick.
5	It was my very first time pawning anything in my entire life. I entered EZ Pawn and was helped by a team of very nice gentlemen. My item was appraised and I was given a good amount. My transaction was completed quickly and easily. Everyone at EZ Pawn was extremely helpful and provided me with superior customer service. I would recommend EZ Pawn to anyone, even those who are first timers like myself. Five stars, who knew pawn shops were so nice :)
1	Worst business ethics I have ever seen. No wonder they bar the place up, they are crooks! Went in with an limited edition Ford watch. They pulled one up on there computer that was not even close to the watch I brought in tring to compare prices. The reason they could not find the one I have is because of its rarity. The employees have no knowledge of anything, and are very sloppy with no customer service. The "boss"  Insulted me with a useless offer, would not even look me in the face and walked away in middle of conversation.  Something shady is a foot. Bottom line I got out of the geto and got $250 more then what they offered. Just pass this place and move on. To the manager just because someone is tring to sell something does not make them desperate, maybe if i had boobs you would have talked to me.
1	Absolutely the shadiest business I've ever stepped in. Made a deal on a pistol and agreed id be in at 3. Show up at 3, sold it to a guy standing there just before I could get it. I can understand if j was 30 minutes late,  but I was there exactly at 3! Then I had to deal with some old tweaker with greasy hair who tried selling me a hi point with electric tape on the grip and a ruger for what I was  uying a M&P for. I stood there looking at the pistols as they walked away and disappeared. Greasy and unworthy of my money.
1	BEWARE! Joe the red head manager is crook. He treats people very rude. He will also try to burn you. They should get rid of this guy. I will never use this pawn shop for purchase or loans.
