2	2.5 StarsThis is my first visit to Sushi Sonora(SS).  This experience left me in culture shock with never partaking in Mexican sushi.  Growing up in a half Mexican and half Cuban household being a glutton for Japanese food was a serious no-no until later in life.  SS is a very unassuming hole in the wall.  There is nothing fancy here but it is clean.  I came here with some coworkers for lunch and we were the only customers.  Let me be transparent with two things about SS, their rolls are expensive(none less than $10) and all their rolls have cream cheese.  I am not a fan of neither!  They had telenovelas playing on the TV along with Spanish rock which gives this place it's vibe.  SS has many Mexican related treats that they fuse into sushi.  I saw a roll with carne asada or ceviche that did not catch my attention.  They also have one with a Sonora style hot dog just to name a few, BTW I did not get the above three.  I went with the Sinaloa roll $14(yikes).  It had tempura crusted shrimp, processed crab mix(I prefer crab stick), avocado and cream cheese.  The processes crab mix had a hint of tuna flavor which was odd.  Everything was fresh and I did not get sick so let's go with tuna in the crab mix.  I'm a bit embarrassed but the crab mix also appeared to be imitation from what I could tell.  The presentation was very nice but the plate had chips on it.  Am I being super picky, maybe but if I am paying $14 for a roll I want near perfection.  So on this day I finally broke my Mexican sushi cherry!  Will I try Mexican sushi again, YES!  The likelihood of me returning to Sushi Sonora is slim to none until they drop their prices.  One more thing about SS, they do not sell aguas frescas!  What's up with that?  I am lucky enough to have many choices for south of the border sushi and cheaper prices in the metro Phoenix area.
1	This place was absolutely horrible. Its overpriced, dry and does no justice to prove just how good sushi can be. To make matters worse I found a eyelash in the roll that I ordered. Definitely never coming back here again.
2	Ok not too much fun of mexican suhi. Love the Japanese sushi period..... dont like the fried sushi prices are way to expensive and not even good food. I won't be back because too expensive, no happy hour and don't like fried sushi sorry not a good place for me to eat
