3	So we all know PPP is not what one would consider  the "gourmet" of pizzas, but personally, I think it is yummy!  When you can pay $5 and have some all you can eat pizza, well...that's a win for me.  Foodwise:Numero Uno:  Large variety of pizzas and toppings and they are constantly refreshing the buffet.  Dos: Pizza is fresh and they honestly do not skimp on the toppings.  Tres:  The place is HUGE and you can always find a place to sit.  They have people coming around and bussing and making sure tables are always open.  I would give it 5 stars for the buffet, but having been to a few other locations, this one seems to fall behind on organizational skills.First of all, they pre make their salads which leads to soggy and wilted lettuce.  I prefer the salad bar method as they have at other locations for the buffet.Second:  They do not have pre-filled cups of marinara dipping sauce for the breadsticks readily available.  Then, when you ask for some...it takes a minimum of 2 minutes for them to go and fill a little cup. (not joking) They don't seem all too happy to have to fulfill these requests either...so why not make a crap load ahead of time, knowing you will be getting these requests?Thirdly:  Their lids for their sodas are hard to find when it is super busy.  I love PPP and am not ashamed!  It's fast and convenient.  Plus...they have Fruit Ninja on a big touch screen!  Good times!
4	Greasy, loud, busy and lots of kids. A place this lady would avoid like the plague BUT this lady is a mom so glad that despite all of this the service is great, staff kind to kids (many stars for that alone. God bless you)and price is right. My kids enjoy it here & with school fundraiser nights held at this place this means they are also community orientated. Not to mention lots of room so I can hide out in a booth. ;)
3	First time to a PPP so I don't know how it stacks up to other PPPs.  I like the pizza better here than, say, Chuck E. Cheese's but there's not as much to do as far games go.  My toddler enjoyed the games though but the play area just seemed really small.  Other than that, the place seemed OK.  Lots of dining space.
3	Great place for fast lunch!!! The buffet is always stocked here! Keep it up! Easy to get in and out of.
1	Waited 45 minutes for 2 large pizzas and then they tell me that they never put in the second pizza! Never coming here again!
2	I LOVE PPP. buuuut this location was horrible. Granted it was the buffet but they had DIRTY plates and the set up was weird. You have to get back in the regular line to get seconds. Still love PPP but NOT this location.
1	Worst Peter Piper I have ever visited. They gave us the wrong order and when I tried to tell them, the manager was extremely rude. The pizza was disgusting. One side had more sauce than the other. Some people where trying to get in a fight. Definitely not family friendly.
2	The pizza and. Wings really aren't bad. However they want to give you the same amount of ranch for 20 wings as they do for 10. Then they charge you $1.07 for another small portion. I understand they can't hand out ranch to every person that asks for it. But when your paying $15 for wings should you really pay another $1 when it should have come with it to begin with. On top of that the restrooms here are discussing. We won't be back.
