5	As a local resident, I used to come to this location for my cat when they were under other ownership.We took our new puppy here for her first wellness exam.The office is extremely clean and welcoming.  They also have two separate entrances and waiting areas for cats and dogs as to not stress each other out.Liz is extremely friendly and knowledgeable re: our puppy/crate training concerns.  She spent a good 20 minutes sitting with us answering questions and providing helpful tricks and hints.Dr. Svoboda was also extremely friendly, knowledgeable and passionate about animals. We left knowing our brand new puppy has a Vet for life.  I would definitely recommend visiting for all your animal needs.Welcome to the neighborhood Hayden Road Animal Hospital!
5	Hayden Road Animal Hospital is a great new one-stop pet health facility. Don't let the word 'Hospital' make you think that your animal has to be in bad shape to be seen. Rather it means that this place can take care of just about any problem. Drs. Svoboda (Father & Son) are tremendous Docs that look out for for pets like they are their own! Unlike 99% of other veterinary practices. These professionals provide world class care, without trying to upsell you on random garbage.  My dog had allergy issues, and instead of buying super expensive doggie allergy pills, I was told what I could buy at Costco to help my dog with this ongoing issue. Cost? $16 for a year supply. Drs. Svoboda would rather take great care if your four-legged family member for life, then screw you over once, unlike many other shady places. I give Hayden Road Animal Hospital my highest endorsement! Amazing care, skilled AND kind Doctors and staff, and genuine care and concern make this place my best and only choice. Side note- don't be alarmed if you see police vehicles in the parking lot. Drs. Svoboda take care of numerous valley police agency K9s- which says a great deal about them! If cities can trust their $40,000 crime fighting machines to Hayden Road Animal Hospital-  you better believe we can too!
5	This place is fantastic. I moved from Tucson a few months ago and spent some time looking at different (and affordable) vets.  This is the first place I took my dog (April) to and the staff is wonderful, helpful and attentive.  April (who is 10 yrs old) got her teeth cleaned by Dr. Svoboda and naturally I was extremely nervous dropping her off (because of her age and she has valley fever) so the vet tech had the Dr come to the room beforehand and walk me through the whole procedure. She came out of it better than ever!!  Also, during her first exam he didn't try to do a bunch of unnecessary tests with outrageous prices, which is another HUGE reason why I am making this her permanent vet!
5	We found this vet after being to 3 other vets in the Scottsdale area. My only issue is I wish I would have found them first. My German Shepard had a nasal problem that turned out to be cancer. No vet would help me come to some type of affordable treatment system without an expensive x ray or ct scan which can run in the thousands. The fact that I did not have that kind of money did not even raise an eyebrow with this vet. Dr Ryan is who we saw and he did a thorough examination of my dog and spent as much time as we needed to answer questions and give us alternative forms of treatment to keep her comfortable. When it came down to the time we had to make the very tough decision to let her move on, he came to our home and allowed our dog to be surrounded by the people that loved her. He and his assistant both had such a great disposition and treated her with the dignity and respect she had her entire life in our family. The entire staff has been kind, and genuine throughout this difficult process. We have other dogs and cats that will now be lifelong patients at this vet. Highly recommend this vet if you want honest, quality, and thorough service given by genuinely kind people.
5	I cannot say enough about the staff at this office. They are some of the kindest, most thoughtful, empathetic and sympathetic people I've ever had the pleasure to deal with.Recently, the time came for our 19-year-old cat, Chloe, to leave us. Our vets office could not see us until the following day and we knew that she should not suffer through the night. We called Hayden Road Animal Hospital because we had previous lived nearby.   Brandi and Dr. Ryan were amazing. The receptionist - I'm so sorry that I forgot her name - was so kind and accommodating. We made an appointment for another of our cats to see the doctor. She needed a second opinion. Though Dr. Ryan had a similar diagnosis to the previous vet that our Bella Blue had seen, his bedside manner and explanations were far superior.  I cannot recommend them highly enough. If I could give 6 stars, I would!
