5	When I'm hungry, I'm hungry. And when I'm lazy, I'm lazy. That's why I love Foodie Call. They take care of both of these predicaments and solve them with one successful swoop of delicious restaurant delivery!Foodie Call is a sweet little delivery service that gives hungry Charlotteans a great smattering of local eateries and menu items to choose from with a click of a button. The website is straightforward and you can easily check out all of the restaurants and their menus online. I've ordered from Foodie Call a handful of times and the food always arrives quickly and fresh as can be. I'm a big fan of the variety of restaurant cuisines offered on the site as my tastes and cravings are always a-changin'. Since their inception, Foodie Call has added a bundle of new restaurants to its arsenal, too. Sweet!As for their service, it's golden - from the order takers to the delivery peeps. One particular night, we selected a menu item that was unfortunately out of stock. Foodie Call was quick to call us back with an apology (not their fault whatsoever), took our new order and brought it to us in no time flat. Super sweet service.As of now, Foodie Call charges a flat $5 delivery fee and delivers to Uptown, South End, Dilworth, Elizabeth, Myers Park, Sedgefield, and Plaza Midwood. I'm a big proponent of solving problems with a creative solution. Hungry + lazy = make a Foodie Call.
5	I always want to sing "foodie call, foodie call, foodie call", when I think of this place. If no one knows what this place is or what it does, you're missing out. The tag-line says it best... "Delivering Charlotte's restaurants to you". Many of Charlotte's top restaurants all on my website and delivers fast...usually under 45 minutes. Not just fast bar food, but nice restaurants too. If you're in the mood for a nice restaurant, but are in the mood to wear your pajamas to the place, Foodie Call is a great option. The restaurant is delivered to your front door. As of right now, I'm training my dog to tip the driver, but hasn't worked out yet. Stay tuned...
5	Yes, you can get delivery in Charlotte! And, not just pizza. I've used  Foodie Call serveral times and as mentioned below in other reviews they are fast, on time and fresh. You can pay online too so no need for cash.Here are just a few places you can order from: 131 Main, Aria, Dolce, Pio Pio, Flying Biscuit, Sonoma, Press, Maharani, Tavern on the Tracks....lots more.
5	Love the convenience. Excellent customer service and my orders are always spot on correct
5	Love Foodie Call.  Moving from Chicago to Charlotte, I was missing that amazing service that could and would deliver to me food from all types of restaurants.  Foodie Call to the rescue!1st,  their selection of restaurants is nothing short of amazing....at least in the city.  They deliver all types of food from all types of restaurants.  I've used Foodie Call several times now, and have not been disappointed.  Their service is easy to use, quick, and they have the friendliest delivery drivers I have ever encountered.  Food always arrives quickly, is always hot and fresh, and has always been exactly correct and what I ordered.  Their website is pretty easy to use for sure.One thing I really love are the text message updates.  Foodie Call will text you when your order is received, when it is placed, when the driver arrives to pick it up at the restaurant, as finally, as when the driver leaves the restaurant with your food.  I live in a condo, and the driver will always call ahead to make sure he or she knows how to get the food to me.  The only negative I have for Foodie Call would be their evening hours.  They usually stop delivery around 9:30pm, but why would I be ordering that late anyway.   We are lucky to have Foodie Call in Charlotte....so much better than Uptown2Go!  Oh, and delivery fees are very reasonable!
5	Always on time. Always hot. That's their job!
5	Foodie Call is the shizzle fo' rizzle. Not only does the food come fast, fresh and hot, but they send you email updates every step of the way. So you always know where you food is and when you can expect it in your mouth! The selection of restaurants is great and will even let you order beer or wine to add to your meal. There is a $5 fee for the delivery, and of course you should tip, but being able to eat delicious food from some of Charlotte's best restaurants in your jammies on the couch is worth every penny! They really do a great job and should be on everyone's speed dial for the weekends when you just don't feel like going out!
3	Service is very good and it is a great idea, but the restaurants are quite limited.
5	10.3.11 - Updated review - I placed the review below w/ 2 stars BUT foodie call contacted me, apologized for the delay and gave me a $20 credit.  I have ordered 3 times since and the service was quick and exceptional.  Must have been a rough couple of weeks but they have definitely worked it out. OLD REVIEW from 9.25.11I have loved this service for a while  it is consistent and hot and always perfect. Now it takes 2 hours for delivery. They text you along the way and now they don't even place your order until an hour after it is requested.  Maybe they can't handle the volume.  I have to say the timing is disappointing. An hour to even place the order?  Not satisfied.
1	I've been ordering with FoodieCall since they started delivering a little over 3 years ago. I started getting delivery in Dilworth to Midtown, and now Cotswold. I was completely infatuated with FoodieCall and told all my friends that they are the bee's knees. Now, let's address why I used the past tense in that last sentence.Over the past 6 months or so, the accuracy and customer service at FoodieCall has dropped at least 80%. The first time I had an issue  (fall of 2009) with an order (raw chicken wings from Tavern on the Tracks), they comped the entire dish (which was actually a sampler).Most recently:-I've ordered grilled corn from Sauceman's. The driver called to let me know that they were out of the soda I requested. When he arrived, the original soda I ordered was there, but no grilled corn. I called to find out what was up, and was told by Kurt that they didn't have grilled corn and just substituted more fries. HUH?! WHAT?! You're not going to ask me if this is okay? I let Kurt know that I wasn't happy about this. When I got off the phone, I emailed FoodieCall. Why did I get a response from the same person I talked to (Kurt)? Where's the manager or person I need to complain to?-My girlfriend ordered dinner and dessert from Nix. When the order arrived, there was no dessert.-And today (6/16/12), I order $38 worth of food (and left a 20% tip) from RiRa's. I'm sick as a dog and just wanted something tasty to eat  that I didn't have to make myself. The driver was really kinda late (she called about 20 minutes before she showed up at my door saying she was going to be late). I start digging into my food and eventually I get to my Baked Okra Mac 'N' Cheese. Where's the okra??? I call FoodieCall and speak to Cody who actually gives me attitude. At this point, I'm furious because of my recent orders that weren't correct. And need I mention that the extra remoulade I ordered with my girlfriend's fish'n'chips was missing? This kid wasn't even trying to get my order corrected? And then he tells me he'll get someone to do it when a driver is available? I WANT MY EFFIN' TIP BACK!!! (Oh, and I never received email updates after the order being placed with the restaurant.)***Update: Just received a very suspicious phone call from Kurt saying he spoke with the general manger of RiRa's. The general manager explained that there's no way that there wouldn't be any okra in my dish. He went on to explain that I would have to take it up with the restaurant. I called RiRa's and spoke to the ASSISTANT general manager, Dan (the general manager wasn't in today) who said that FoodieCall should have someone on their way to pick up a large Baked Okra Mac for me. I let him know that I have no idea what's going on and why I'm getting attitude from FoodieCall. At this point, I'm not even sure I want to eat the Baked Oka Mac for fear that some a**hole as spat in it.If and when my Baked Okra Mac shows up, I will be sending the driver back with the non-okra mac I received, as well as contacting the BBB as FoodieCall's shotty customer service. I've already contacted my credit card company about getting my 20% tip back.***AS OF 10:35PM... I still don't have my corrected order and FoodieCall is closed.***
3	Received a phone call from the owner of FoodieCall, Anu. I appreciated her taking the time out to listen to my concerns. She also compensated me for the incorrect item in my order, and explained what she was going to do to make sure this never happened to anyone again.More owners should be like Anu. I will be ordering from FoodieCall again because of Anu's response to my issues.
2	Just placed my order around 8:10 and 40 minutes later it has still not been placed with the restaurant. (they show status updates and it will say "placed" when it has been done)  If ALL you do is delivery you better do it D@m*^ well!  I understand if there is a delay getting it cooked at the restaurant or traffic, but they should be placing the order with the restaurant immediately!!  Not cool foodie call, not cool. Not going to use them again unless I have to.  Also there is not a great selection of restaurants to chose from.  Maybe Im spoiled, Im from Chicago and every kind of food imaginable is deliverable and super quick, that sure is not the case here in Charlotte!   When I called they just said they were very busy and thin on drivers.  Well hire some more then dude!
5	*I've since updated this review.  This company does care about their customers and, ya know what?  It's a great business.  Text messages kept me up to the minute  (pretty cool).  Ordered a steak from a nicer restaurant and was really pleased.  Arrived hot!  The small premium you pay for Foodie Call to deliver it to your front door is totally worth it.  How else can you enjoy prime filet with 2 sides in your pajamas and NO dishes to do after!???
5	We called in to place an order, since we were only visiting Charlotte the one trip. Apart from a little confusion over the fact that the credit card ZIP code was different from the delivery ZIP code, they had no trouble taking our order, and we got a few text messages rather promptly telling us the order had made it to the restaurant and such. Delivery happened very quickly (we ordered from Kabob Grill). It was an easy way to get the food we wanted without having to go outside and deal with driving and parking and such.
4	Pouring down with rain and very busy working from home today, I had enough time to hit the website and make some choices. Under an hour later, lunch arrived.Good choices from quite a few of the restaurants near to me or quite far.It's not cheap - most places are an $8 delivery charge plus a tip for the driver. But you can't beat the convenience.
1	Okay so this is my second time ordering from foodie call. The first time it took two hours and thirty minutes for my food to be delivered. I have now ordered my food an hour an forty five mins ago. An hour ago it said the restaurant had received my order. I haven't heard anything since then. If I knew it was gonna take this long I would have just ordered pizza or something I could actually get delivered before I die from hunger. Not cool foodie call, not cool.
4	Ok. So I'll leave my previous review below BUT I find myself STILL using this service after numerous issues although it does seem to be getting better. We've found that the earlier you order, the better chance you have at your food arriving quickly. Order lunch when they open and you will be very happy. Order early in the morning and set the delivery time to 11:30 for most restaurants and your food will come promptly and taste delicious! After many attempts at a waiting a few hours for our dinner order to arrive, they mailed us a hand written letter with $20 off our next order and apologized for the long waits but that their service had just taken off and they were not ready for the increased demand. I write this because they reached out and as a customer, I couldn't be happier. I didn't even need a discount but the fact that they took the time to apologize with a hand written letter, let me know they cared (instead of just saying they were sorry for the wait and will give me my money back if I don't wanna keep waiting on my food which is what they originally did when I called asking about our order.) The service is an awesome concept, especially for people that live uptown and don't wanna deal with parking, and the fact that they're actively working on finding the correct number of drivers per time is reassuring that we'll soon be able to order dinner and only need to wait an hour*ish :)Old Review:This is the 3rd time that I've waited over an hour for food and then received a call saying the restaurant I ordered from is closed. WTF!?! They apparently don't call to confirm orders and don't make it to the actual restaurant to pick up the food til the "estimated" delivery time... I have never been so unhappy with a restaurant/service! Waiting for an hour for food and then a phone call saying they can refund my money but that if I'm still hungry, I'll have to wait another hour for my food to come (if the restaurant I order from is open!) way to go Foodie Call, 3 strikes.
4	So, it's pouring rain & I have a meeting from 6:00-7:00, with nothing in the fridge. Why not check out Foodie Call. I logged on for the first time and thought the online ordering process was very simple. The site offers a variety of restaurants, access to view the menu, and the option to order immediately, or select a delivery time. So, I selected my restaurant, chose my items, and selected my delivery time for 7:30. After that you can indicate cash, or charge, and if you choose charge, include tip if desired. Note: most restaurants require a $15.00 minimum purchase and there is a $5.00 delivery fee. I arrived home and at 7:10 my doorbell rang. A very cautious delivery man was there and removed my meal from a heat proof bag. With that said the order was perfect, and warm. Overall, I was very satisfied, but do wish there are more restaurant options.I look forward to another crappy day to order again.
5	We ordered with Foodie Call today at work for the first time.  Ordering was really easy as it's all done online!  i realized after i placed the order, that i had forgotten to add something, so i called them and they added it for me, no problem!  All 5 of our orders were exactly right and it was delivered with in the specified delivery time and still warm when it got to us.  We will definitely use Foodie Call again!
4	Stranded at home with no car. Not feeling so hot. Chilly day. What's a girl to do? Foodie Call to the rescue.I had the trifecta of factors working against me on this Monday. Add to that a craving for some delicious and soothing food... and no desire to make anything myself. There are a lot of restaurant options on the Foodie Call website. However, my choice today was a no-brainer when I saw the Viva Chicken logo. Soup, stuffed avocados and a two liter of Coke. Yes please. My order was just under $30 including delivery fee and tip. Took about an hour. All completely worth it. Seriously, I needed those avocados.My delivery guy was super nice. He called on the way to the restaurant to let me know his status. He also apologized when he arrived for the delay... even though he was right on time. Super nice. Things to know: most restaurants have a $15 ordering minimum. Delivery fee usually runs about $5. If you have a group of people, it's a deal. Make sure to sign up to get special offers, discounts and codes to your inbox.
5	Yesterday I had one of those lazy days when nothing, not even free VIP tickets to my favorite rappers concert would have gotten me out of my PJ's.  My tummy was hungry but my arms wouldn't agree to driving or cooking.  I'm new to the area and  the only place I know that delivers is a pizza chain...ummm...I rather eat a water sandwich than call that place.  My sister noticed my predicament and said phone Foodie Call.  What?!  I can get delivery from another place other than the unmentioned? YES!!!!I set up an account, ordered online and before I logged off my doorbell rang.  The delivery guy was super nice and my order was perfect with food still hot.  Pros: Nice friendly delivery guyQuick serviceCorrect orderWill deliver things other than pizzaTakes debit and credit cardsAlmost Cons:Cost at least $5.00 that's not really too bad but the delivery person doesn't get any of it.  You have to make sure to tip, don't forget (tip well, they aren't paid enough).There are minimums per order.  Mine was $15 but its not ever really difficult when eating out to meet the $15 requirement.I recommend and will use again when I have one of those lazy days.
5	College hunting trip--saved us from going to a restaurant!  Great idea!
3	I put in an order 3 hrs ahead of time and they were 30 min late....so make sure you're not starving when you put in order.  It is a great concept though, I will give them that!
1	The past three times my order did not arrive until over one hour after ordering online. Last night it took 2hrs 15mins. The service is not reliable. I was refunded the full amount, which was nice. I can't see using them again, because of the inconsistency.
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE customer service! They've screwed up MULTIPLE orders over the past few months. After this past order they didn't deliver the entire order after waiting 1.5 hours. They refused to make the situation right, insulted me over the phone and were EXTREMELY RUDE. The manager said that it didn't matter that I had to wait another 1.5 hours and that there was nothing she could do. No refund, no discount on next order, NOTHING. I WILL NEVER USE THIS SERVICE AGAIN. What a horribly run business. I would not recommend to anyone.
