3	Pozoleria Guerrero is another little Mexican in the near-central Phoenix area.  Definitely not a bad experience and the atmosphere inside is a lot more pleasant than you would assume when driving by (think shady area).  Of course, this is the case with many of Phoenix's best Mexican spots.  The atmosphere inside was nice, the server was really friendly and helped out almost immediately.  Pozoleria Guerrero is open on Sundays which is nice as well.The menu is fairly extensive, including the usual assortment of tacos, tortas, burritos, quesadillas, and of course pozole.  I decided to go with their specialty and got the pozole Rojo.  For those who don't know what pozole is, it's a type of pork stew that has little pieces of hominy blended in.  The spicing is excellent, and it left me with a runny nose.  A normal bowl will run you $7.25.  Other items on the menu were reasonable, with tacos ranging from a buck to $1.25.The salsa was interesting and really spicy but good as well, although the chips were thin and left something to be desired.All in all Pozoleria Guerrero #1 was a decent spot and I think it comes down to whether you want to get pozole.  In the future if I get a hankering I will definitely be returning.  I can't comment on the tacos, etc. yet, but plan to try them in the future!
4	The different pozoles here are worth driving out of your way for.
5	Best pozole and menudo we ever had! Had to order some more menudo to-go to take back home.
5	It's hard 2 find a good Mexican Restaurant but I finally found 1. This little hole in the wall had one of the best GREEN pozole I've ever had. 4 sure going back to try the white pozole!
4	This is a small restaurant, but the food there serve is actually very good, far better than what i thought i would get.  The plus side is that it's an actual Restuarant not one is the chain things they have in abundance or here. And what that means is that the food is all made to order and nor just heated up. The prices are fair and service is always fast, while the service is not exactly memorable or is still friendly, and overall pretty good. It's not too far from home so for me that's a plus. There's only a small handful of restaurants that are close to me, and this is one of maybe three thati go to on a regular basis.   The rest are not really worth mentioning much less actually go to.  It is with checking out though
5	Whole in the wall but oh so worth it!!! I had a sope & it was huge & delicious! Service was fast and the waitress is extremely nice! The gorditas are a good choice tooooo! Must try if u havent!
5	You know you are getting good Mexican food when the restaurant's main dish is Pozole. This dish little known to the non-Mexican population is such a staple, along Mole, of authentic Mexican food. Those who know me are aware of how hard I am to please when it comes to Mexican food in the United States, however, this place is going on my must visit restaurants next time am in Phoenix. The service is excellent, the price could not be better and the spices they use give their dishes an authentic Mexican flavor that is hard to find in the US. Our waitress, Monica, was awesome. A little off the beaten path, but, worth the trip.
