3	Met my family here for breakfast on Saturday morning. I had the chicken fried steak with biscuits, hash browns and eggs scrambled soft. Very tasty meal. The portions were generous. Places rarely get my egg order correct but they did a good job here. Clean restaurant, clean bathrooms. The music was a bit annoying. Wait staff very friendly and helpful. My family enjoyed their meals alot. Ended up with a  vanilla shake that was good and thick. The younger kids really enjoyed this place along with the older folks. I know that when I come here (no matter which location) I am gong to get a good filling meal at a good price, no more, no less.
2	If you are coming for breakfast or a burger and fries and a shake, this is your place.  I have tried 2 of the regular meals, the ground round dinner and the smothered chicken.  I had to send the smothered chicken back because it was floating in water and the green peppers on top were pickled peppers that had a sweet taste.  Not a good surprise.  This is not the place to go if you are a healthy eater, which I try to be.  I normally can find SOMETHING healthy on every menu,  but this food was too greasy and strange tasting.  The only reason we went there was a buy one, get one meal free coupon.  The servers, however, are very friendly and helpful.
4	They are getting a 4 star because of great service.  That is not to say that their food was bad, it was a solid 3 star, but normal what you would expect from a old fashion diner like this.  I had sliders, they also served breakfast all day which looked good.  Everyone was happy, but the stand out tonight was the service of this place.  They take care of everything and really are helpful.
3	Over all I was pretty impressed here. Service was slow, but not to bad. Food was very good, nice portions. We had fried pickles as an appetizer - good, but maybe a little more pickles for the price would make them better.Decor is good, seems clean inside. Lots of traffic in the place.
5	Love this place! If you sit outside you can smoke and bring your dog. Their milkshakes are to die for! Love their burger and fries.
1	First of all, let me state that I have been a long time fan of 5 & Diner. Rarely have I had a bad experience, and never had I had bad food. This has changed however, after visiting this location. Upon entering, it was perfectly clear that the manager was training several of the hostess staff as we wait to be seated. No problem, I understand training is necessary, and the experience with less than seasoned employees will be less than stellar. I get that. What I didn't expect was a bad burger. Normally, the Blue Moon Burger is one of my favorites. At this location however, it was terrible. The burger arrived wrapped in the usual white paper. Although this time, something was different about it. The burger along with everything else was pushed to the back as it was sitting vertically. Eating it was messy because the back end was full of grease and most of the competent of bleu cheese and sauce. Seriously, it was bad. There was taste of some blue cheese toward the front, then was met by a mouthful of mostly bleu cheese at the back. Definitely was not evened out. It was more like eating a bag of melted bleu cheese as desert AFTER a saucy greasy burger. I didn't make a scene by letting the staff know the sandwich was terrible because of the training going on. I'll let them work it out. But for this fan of the franchise, I definitely will NOT be going back to this location. I want to forget about this experience and drive a little further for a different location.
2	I love 5 and Diners and I feel bad giving this one a bad review but really there were so many mistakes made I just can't bring it up to 3 stars. On the good side I really liked our server Valerie. On the bad side I ordered a cheeseburger with chips and what I was brought was a bacon burger or bacon cheeseburger, whichever, with fries. I noticed the fries right away and told her I had ordered chips so she took it back and switched them, but I didn't notice that the cheeseburger had bacon on it until after I took a bite. It did taste good so I decided to go ahead and eat it and see which one I was charged for. The bacon one of course was a dollar more.  She had asked how I wanted the meat prepared and one of the things I liked about 5 and Diner is the fact that you could get your meat cooked just the way you like it. I told her medium rare. She repeated it back to me but when the hamburger arrived it was actually more medium than rare. It tasted great but there was no pink in it at all so that was a disappointment. One reason I'd  been anxious to return to the Arizona Mills location was because the meat was so delicious  and cooked perfectly, grilled outside, pink inside.  It was still good so I  decided to go ahead and eat it. She didn't come back to fill our water until we asked although she did ask us several times did we need anything. I did have tummy issues the next day. I won't go into details.The milkshake was delicious. I forgot to order malt in it which is 50 cents more.  She was nice enough to divide it between 2 to-go cups because the kids were getting fussy so we had 2 generous  cups with chocolate cherry milkshake for about $4.59. Both of the hamburger meals were just pennies away from 10 dollars each which I personally think it's kind of high for a hamburger. We had the opportunity to ask Valerie if she knew what had happened to the 5 and Diner at Arizona Mills and she told us she had been the owner of it and it broke her heart to have to close it but the shopping center assessed some very high tax fees on the business that was more than she could afford to pay even though business was booming. You know you can't just pay all your income out on taxes, rent and such, you gotta make something. I would honestly hesitate to go back to this location because of all the errors that were made and the tummy problems I had the next day. Maybe next trip I will try the Scottsdale location because it seems to have really good reviews.
5	The food is always so fresh and tasty. the service is awesome! My lil one and i are regulars. We love you five and diner on southern ave!
5	This place is great.  Cheap prices and good food!  I am amazed at how clean the place is.  I am now a regular customer!
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!!!!!!!! My husband & I bought a Groupon & headed over. We were excited cause we saw a GREAT special online for a burger & a shake for $9.99. As newlyweds on a tight budget..this looked like a GREAT plan. WRONG!!!! Fi should have figured out what we were in for when we pulled up to the parking lot & it was EMPTY on a Sat. Night! Now I COULD make this review soooooo much longer by going into ALL the details, but instead I will give you the highlights(I mean LOW lights!). Menus-STICKY & GREESY. Host & waitress were upset by my discussing the $9.99 burger/shake deal. "No, we don't have that avail...but EVERYONE ASKS ABOUT THAT !" Why? Cause it was on the online menu! I suggested it be removed..I think this was my 1st mistake! Sorry..short really isn't my style..I should have warned you 1st! Ok, besides the dirty menus, the floor was dirty, tables not bussed, etc.. & there was only ONE other table in their besides is! Food quantity was very generous..milk shake was great. HOWEVER...I am sooo sick(MAJOR TUMMY TROUBLES!!! Ever since we got home , & that was 6 HRS AGO!!!!!!!!!! This is really my FIRST REVIEW... But I cannot feel THE CRAPPY, & not tell the world( or at least the Yelp community! never, Never, NEVER come into this 5 & Diner!!!! Unless you don't order anything,  & are only in it for the cute photo pics ONLY...You will seriously REGRET IT...over, & Over, & OVER AGAIN! Stay Away if you want anything edible..seriously...STAY FAR, FAR AWAY!!!!!     PS- the ONLY reason I have it 1 Star is I couldn't post this review w/out one. If I could, this place REALLY needed NEGATIVE stars!!!! ;{
1	Nice 50's atmosphere albeit noisy. Had breakfast of eggs, ham and "home fries." Potatoes were frozen from a bag, not fresh. Biscuits were frozen from a bag. Service was OK. Seems to be popular with the 70+ crowd.
4	Kind of reminds me of a Johnny Rockets. We only had ice cream so I can't comment on the food. The ice cream on the other had was wonderful!
2	Atmosphere was old timey. Food was tasteless which is great for people that were born in the early 1900's. If you don't mind hearing all the old people talking loud cause they didn't turn their hearing aides up. Service was mediocre. I would not recommend it to anybody that like flavor in their food and likes a little peace and quiet while they eat
2	Mixed review. Food was very good. Friday night met cousins after a 7 hour drive from California for a late dinner, had the chicken pot pie, was delish as was the French Dip, service was outstanding, very friendly waitress, Jill.  My father and I decided to go have breakfast on Sunday before we left home.  Big mistake, don't know if it was the owner but a lady with short bob type haircut, greeted us at the door and quickly sat us off to the left where there were no other patrons, being Mexican, my elderly father took notice quickly, I made the mistake of sitting him facing the front door and he counted and watched as the same lady sat more clients to the right where the bulk of the customers were.  Needless to say breakfast food was marred by this incident, I could see him watching as people entered and were seated with the majority, finally they sat another couple  with a child (Caucasian) behind us, but we were the only two clients sitting in the whole area, our waitress was excellent, her name escapes me now but we knew it was not her fault.  The lady with the short hair may or may not have done it intentionally, but my father felt slighted, segregated and discriminated  upon, we did not say anything but will not visit this establishment again due to this.
1	Cute place and I love the old fashioned malt shop ambience, but I will most likely not return.  Everytime we've gone our orders are messed up in one way or another.  I made the mistake this time of sitting at the counter in front of the food pick up window.  They mixed our orders together so that neither of us got what we asked for.  The cook had a question, but couldn't get the waitresses attention so he cooked what he thought was written which was wrong.  Disappointed, but not a deal breaker.  As I'm eating I'm watching the waitresses and hostess make toast.  Their long, nasty fingernails all over the toast, no gloves and one had a band-aid on the tip of one of her fingers.  Then the cook in the back comments "these plates are filthy."  The clincher, a black hair in my husband's eggs.  Note to the staff:  If you're handling dirty plates and order slips please put some gloves on before you start handling people's orders.  I'm so disgusted by this place.  Wait, one more thing...one woman scratched her head and then proceded to butter toast.  Also, to the cooks in the back...cover your long, nasty moustaches.  Enough said!
