2	Well, it's cheap.  That's basically what Food 4 Less has going for it.  Other than that, there's not much.  Since I just got done being a student paying my way through college, I recognize the value of cheap and I would be a great big liar if I didn't say that a good portion of my shopping has centered around here because of convenience and, well, necessity.However, now that I can afford NOT to go there, I don't very much any more.  Basically how it works is that Food 4 Less buys the cheapest stuff possible to pass the savings on to you, or something.  Therefore, the selection is pretty lacking.  This specific location smells TERRIBLE when you walk in, and it just feel like there's an inherent grit all over everything.  Ew.  Grody.It's a lifesaver if you need to cut corners in every way possible if you can over the funk.  Blech.
3	Very inexpensive and convenient from work.  When entering the establishment, it feels a little crowded with all their food popping right at you.  You want cheap groceries, this is the palce to go to.
3	This market is not my usual go to market unless there's a sale going on. The quality and selection doesn't really compare to most markets around. What can you say, they're cheap?
3	Very cheap groceries. But think about it, cheap groceries meaning you won't get any good services. The stock people barely know where certain products are, the cashiers are somewhat friendly. They just ask you how's your day going and leave it off there.
4	Cheap prices and a great place to get fresh veggies. Place does get busy on the 1st and 2nd of the month given how cheap the place is so try to avoid those two days.
5	I've being shopping at this food4less for 7 years and I just love this place. Some of the cashier are very friendly and I ran across some rude ones but they don't last that long. I see previous bad comments about this place these people need to get over themselves. Oh, avoid this place the first of the month lol it can get pack.
1	Decent selection of food and okay prices but there are never enough cashiers. They usually have two express lanes open but God forbid if you have more than 15 items- those other lanes are always 5 or 6 deep and poorly managed. The managers should either call for more cashiers and make sure they show up or get out there and man the register themselves! I've walked off and left my full cart before due to the long lines & lack of help. The cashiers that ARE working bust their butts to move the lines but it's not enough.
4	I mean it has inexpensive groceries. If you shop their green tag specials, you can find some awesome deals. Like other Food 4 Less locations, you can easily find Kroger products (which I love). The store is mostly always clean and has it definitely has huge wide aisles. More often than not, the cashiers are friendly. I like this location because of the ease of the location. I was being asked for money by a panhandler one day and an associate actually told them to leave. That was nice.
5	Its better then walmart.Its cheap. This place is a Bohemian as it gets. If you're low on cash and just eating to survive. Then this is the place for you.You bag your own food to keep costs down. Its a great place.
5	I love F4L. First time at this location today and I was pleasantly surprised by the customer service from my cashier, Carlos. He honered a digital coupon from Smith's for me. He was friendly and even joked with me a little. If I find myself on this side of town shopping again, I'll stop in. This F4L seemed smaller than the other two I've been in. It was not as nice looking as the S. Las Vegas Blvd.  One and the deli/bakery did not seem as nice. But over all good store. Customer service from cashier, Carlos, won this store 5stars. Otherwise, 4.
