5	Anyone who knows me will tell you that i LOVE the little hidden treasures that serve up good food with good pricing! This, my friends, is that little treasure nestled in a small corner on E Sahara right past Paradise. I love my Korean food, but most of all, the hearty soups that  make you feel all fuzzy all over, not to mention the home made kkakdogi and kim chi. The lady that runs this place is very nice, and the service was good. We had to keep asking for water refills, but it was no biggy. with your meal, you get the korean green chiles and its served up with a fermented soybean sauce mixture to dip it in. Its refreshing but hot when you get to those seeds!!! YIKES! I have been looking for a place that serves up good seollangtang here in Las Vegas, and thought I found one, but they stopped making it. Really? Ugh, so i was on the search again, and then WALLAH!!! E-JO came into the convo from a friend, and she said her fav soup was like a MILKY based soup. Ding Ding Ding, it was right on. Seollangtang!!! This is sort of a milky bone soup that served up with slices of brisket and somen noodles. Its not salty at all, so when you get your soup, you are given salt, green onions and chili pepper paste to put in the soup yourself to control the salt and spice level. SO ONO!I But on the menu, this is the #1 dish on the Menu, Beef Brisket Soup.  This place definitely does seollangtang right, not to mention the price is reasonable. I haven't tried any other dish from this place (sad i know) but I'll give other dishes a try when Im tired of this soup. BWAHAHA! Yea right. But in all seriousness, i will give the other dishes a shot too!
5	My Korean friend took me to this place because I wasn't feeling good. He order me #1 beef brisket soup!! I love it!! Also the kimchi here is really good here too!! I'm really picky when it comes to Kimchi!! But I love it here!! Also brought my friends here too!! They also love this place too!! They also have beef bulgogi here to which is the expensive item no the list but so worth it!! I believe that the price is $15.
5	Didn't expect much at this restaurant initially. "After all," we thought, "how good can an ethnic food restaurant be in the middle of Las Vegas?" But I bite my tongue now. The 5 of us had a great meal here. The BBQ Beef and the stews that we all had were pretty good and comparable to the likes of urban cuisine. I was impressed. Next time I am there and crave Korean food, that's where I'll be heading. Also, we needed a cab to the airport for some of us who were leaving after dinner to fly back home. The restaurant called a special cab service for us and the gentleman was really nice. Overall, the service was great!
5	E-Jo is located in a small shop on the other side of the commercial center. The simple sign is easy to pass up so keep your eyes peeled, because this place is not one you will want to pass up. The dimly lit restaurant made my sister initially curse, because she thought it was closed. Once we sat down, the waitress brought two cups of the iced barley tea. No chilled metal cups, but the tall plastic ones will do. The food is similar price to other Korean restaurants in Vegas, but that is the only similarity they share. The thing about E-Jo is that they do not serve the most common Korean soups, so you will not find kimchijjigae (kimchi soup) or soondubujjigae (spicy soft tofu soup). Instead they had a beef brisket (9.99), tripe, tongue, and an all of the above soup (13.99). My sister and I split the beef brisket and the cold buckwheat noodles in a chilled soup (9.99). The former was steaming hot with generous amounts of meat and noodles. It comes with a bowl of rice, a huge pot of cabbage and radish kimchi, and lots of green onions to sprinkle in. The best way to eat it is to throw your rice into the broth and add gochujang (the red chili paste). A dash of salt goes a long way too. Like seullongtang, you need to season it to your liking, otherwise it might be too bland. Another way I learned to eat it, in Korea, was to add a little bit of the juice from the radish kimchi. It might sound odd, but the taste is amazing. The naengmyeon is a true summer dish. The tangy vinegar beef broth is chilled with the addition of ice cubes. It comes with half a hard boiled egg, two pieces of brisket, pickled radish, cucumbers, and a horseradish mustard on the side. My sister has been complaining about how unbearable this heat was and she was relieved to devour this dish. The banchan are minimal, but what they do give is top notch. I almost inhaled both pots of kimchi and they do not skimp on the portion. There were also some cucumber peppers that are served with ssamjang (a mixture of garlic, red pepper and soybean paste). They are not spicy and perfect for summer.
4	What a fascinating place!  I was completely curious about the location in Chinatown across from ChinaMama because I don't read Korean...so when I saw the yelp listing - finally - with a picture of the building, I was thrilled to know what was inside!  Last week when my husband and I were headed downtown to the arepa cart, I noticed this E-Jo location for the first time...I've probably driven past it 100 times and never seen it... Yesterday, as the city baked in 110+ degree heat, I knew I wanted something cold for lunch - when I saw David S.'s review of this location and his mention of the cold buckwheat noodles in chilled soup, I had to go.  There was one other table who'd just been seated when I arrived.  The server looked at me initially with great suspicion, which concerned me.  Once she saw me dig into the kimchis, she relaxed.  Actually, a gentleman from the other table came over and asked "So? Do you like it?"  He explained he wasn't used to seeing 'folks like me' order the buckwheat noodles - he commended me for ordering such a healthy dish, too.   I thought it was brilliant.  I wasn't expecting the ice cubes to still be in the broth - but they were - this was unlike anything I'd ever had before - and I loved it.  Buckwheat noodles are chewy, so chewy they sort of bite back - in fact, I couldn't bite through them...those scissors for the kimchi came in extra handy.  Bottom line, this isn't a dish you can eat quickly...which is also why I loved it so.  It's the kind of dish that makes you sit down and enjoy on a scorching hot day as slowly as possible.
4	Been here several times n foods always been good!  Stick with the house specialty (beef soup) and you can't go wrong.Their kimchi has been pretty solid (not over fermented).
4	This was my first attempt at eating anything Korean style. I went with a friend for lunch during the week. First off, I tried to park close , so that I won't get my car stolen (a legitimate fear for the time, as a friend of mine got something stolen out of their car in one of the casino parking garages the day before). I didn't realize that it was pretty much soups only, but I dove right in and ordered the 'everything' soup, and my friend had the #1. The server brought out interesting tasting tea (I realize now that its iced barley, but I enjoyed it) as well as kimchi. I asked her about the white chunky kimchi, because I've had the cabbage kind before. It is radish kimchi; they both were very tasty. When our soups came out, they tasted bland, so I put alot of salt, green onions, and chili into it, and it was delicious. I loved the oxtail as well as the broth- it was very substantial. All of the meat in the soup was good, and dipping it into the sauce provided helped the flavor of the more blander cuts. Over all a delicious experience for my first time, I don't have anything to compare it to and that is why I gave 4 not 5.
3	A bit disappointed with this place...looking for a korean place that we could count on, we tried  E-Jo. Loved the delivery of kimchi in the clay pots. They tasted good too.  As for the other "sides," there just wasnt much to talk about. The potato salad was warm, which is a big no no considering its made with mayo. The other side were soy sauce marinated potato cubes, bland and uninspiring...cheap. Last side were simply hot peppers and onions marinated in soy...same as the above. The taste of the two beef based soups (gom tang and oxtail) were good. Oxtail was tasty. but for $14??? Sorry, but thats over priced for what you get.
5	I was really surprised to find this place in Vegas. It's got really good soup even for LA standards. It's a perfect breakfast for a hangover and their side dishes were very tasty as well.
5	I been dying to come back here since I first came here a year ago.Better than any Gom-Tung in Los Angeles.  Price might be slightly higher than L.A. but it's Vegas...I would rather eat here than any Korean Restaurant on the Strip...except Ginseng Restaurant has this Kal-Bi Hae Jung Kook that is really good...I would always recommend this place...Not a whole lot of people know about this place because it's a small family owned restaurant outside of the Steip.Enjoy...
5	I've come to realize that good, I mean.. DECENTLY palatable Korean food is hard to find in Las Vegas. Of all the places I've tried thus far, this small "hole in the wall" restaurant is one that has its specialty down.Green pepper and pepper&bean paste are not usually served as a "side dish" at gom tang restaurants but somehow it fits all too well. Also, I love how the restaurant doesn't serve tap ice water, but iced tea.The gom tang, bibimmyun (spicy cold noodles), galbi (although overpriced), and spicy pork are all good. The prices of all the menu items are slightly overpriced; however, like others have commented, it is Vegas.I highly recommend giving the restaurant a try. Even in the 100+ weather, I find myself back quite often.
2	The staff was very friendly but it's just not my kind of food. The soup I ordered tasted dirty socks. Should give it a second chance but I just can't do it.
4	I hadn't thought about Korean ribs until I stumbled on to E-Jo's, on my recent trip to LV. Typical Korean restaurant with TV playing some weird Korean TV game show. Entertaining in it's own way. Of course I ordered the "ribs" they were delicious. Rice, kimchi, and radish rounded out the meal. The hostess/waitress was very nice and  helpful to this caucasean guy who walked in from the street. She even cut up my "home made" kimchi. The place was clean. It was enjoyable.
5	Deep and clean taste
5	almost forgot to write a review about this place.what more can i say about this place? kimchi is just awesome! the best gomtang in town for sure!unlike any other korean restaurants ,price was very reasonable and service is great.
5	Have only tried beef brisket soup.Love the soup and their radish kimchi is very tasty.I am going back to try other menu items.
4	The aroma of the broth is so tantalizing and you can taste the hours and hours of boiling bones.  The broth is very meaty but bland because they want you to however much salt you like.  I'm use to seasoning my own soups because my Korean mother likes bland soups too.  E-Jo doesn't give that many banchan like other Korean restaurants.  We were given two types of kimchi and some peppers.  Overall, the sul-lang-tang was really good.  I ordered the number 1 which cost about $11. This place might be kind of hard to spot for non-korean folks because there's a red sign that just E-Jo in Korean letters.  Then as you go up to the sign, you can see in that it actually says "E-Jo" underneath in small letters.  So, just look for the red sign and you'll be fine.
1	The place is small and kind of dirty. The staff is rude. And there is not much to eat for lunch.
4	Legit Korean oxtail soup restaurant. They don't serve anything else, so if you're looking for Korean BBQ, get out.The broth is really meaty and rich the endless boiling of bones. It's served to you plain, with rice noodles and slices of oh so tender beef. You add as much salt and scallions as you wish. Simple and hearty Korean food that warms the body and soul on a cold winter's night.
4	***!!!!!***WARNING TO ALL WHO WON'T/CAN'T EAT BLOOD***!!!***!!!**This is a great restaurant, my friends and I were all very happy with everything EXCEPT one thing. HANGOVER SOUP!!! It tastes great, however it contains large chunks of jellied Ox Blood. I ordered it not knowing what was in it. It highly offensive to me to eat blood as I see that it violates bible commands at Deuteronomy 12:23 and Acts 15:20,29. Other than that I loved the KimChee, the radishes are amazing. Literally the best Kimchee I've ever had. The restaurant has a very authentic feel and the workers are all Korean and there is even Korean TV playing in the dining room. I only can wish that they would have had a warning about the Blood as I had no idea when I ordered. (didn't find out until I had eaten half of it!)...I did of course inform the waitress about the need to have it disclosed on the menu and she seemed very accommodating.
4	I actually enjoyed a lot of their beef tongue soup and beef brisket soup. I just felt there was not enough either beef tongue or beef brisket in the soup. I expected more from a bowl of soup cost me $12. Our meal came with complimentary kimchi and radish in big portion as appetizers. They both tasted very good. I was pretty much fed with rice, kimchi and radish because there wasn't enough meat in my soup. However, aroma of the broth was really good and soup tasted light and meaty.
4	Yelp actually led me to this restaurant. I wanted to try something new and through yelp found this restaurant. As soon as I opened the door, the rich aroma of the food was enough for me. I was seated quickly and asked if I was here before.I'm familiar with Korean food and knew what I wanted. I ordered the spicy chicken. Less than 15 min later my food came out. It was "f'n" bomb! Every bite was nothing but flavor. The kim chee was spicy just the way I like it. They have definitely made me a repeat customer. The entire meal was less than $10. Of course I'll be back!
4	My friend took me here for some good home-some Korean food. The Sulongtang soup was very good, and even better than some of the places in Korea Town in LA. Their Banchan was also excellent, especially their kimchee which is made by them. They bring it in a separate black bowl and it's easy to share if you're a germaphobe lol. I will be a regular here whenever I want to down to earth Korean food.
5	Love coming here during the winter. The brisket #1 is my usual. It comes with kim chee, Kim chee radish, peppers. Pour a little salt in the soup, add lots of green onions... MMMMMMM :)  Never really tried anything else here. Just love #1. The service is great. The servers area always nice. Never really been in E-Jo when crowded. Altho I have seen it crowded. So just went somewhere else.. lol. Overall great place for some soup on a cold night or even daytime...
4	Great post-hangover or early morning breakfast soup in Vegas. I go to Vegas a bit for work and many times, I need a bite and leave for work around 8ish. This is one of the few places that I can go and rely on a hot soupy meal.It's pretty standard, but it hits the spot -- especially in Vegas.
5	Best Kimchi in Vegas.  Easily.  5 Star Kimchi.The rest of the food was fantastic also, particularly if you like traditional Korean.  You can also get the Kimchi togo, which I suggest.  I cooked three meals at home with it and they were delicious.  I will definitely be back.
4	Today, I finally fulfilled my desire to stop by this place and give it a try.  I ordered the oxtail soup and the spicy pork plate.  Oxtail soup had a bunch of oxtail - they were definitely not stingy with the meat.  The broth is purposefully made without any sodium, so you can control how much you put in with the table salt provided.  Spicy Pork was sweet and spicy, just how I like it!  Definitely way above the quality of KBBQ places.   Their in-house fermented kimchi was bomb, too! It was not soggy at all, but pretty fresh.  Oh, and also we were given a small plate of whole green peppers, along with some (bean/chili paste mixture?) sauce for dipping, and it was great.  I don't know what they were but I was scarfing them down like they were french fries. The cute older woman working there was very nice and helpful. I am definitely coming back to try more of their soups.
5	Great service, amazing food and a fun local environment. If you are familiar with true Korean food I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Forget the Las Vegas buffets. This is the place to go. Can't get anything like this anywhere. Best Korean beef soup place!
4	I've driven by this place many times and saw the decent reviews on Yelp. The area is pretty sketchy so I parked on the side street since there was additional lighting.Being it was a Tuesday evening there were only a couple of other patrons. I was greeted by the friendly Korean woman who immediately brought me ice tea which was refreshing. Being that E Jo is popular for their soups, I went with their combo soup which had 6 varieties of meat in a yummy broth and noodles. The soup included fresh tasty ban chan and rice.I'm so glad I tried E-Jo Korean Restaurant - good food and friendly service will have me returning again.
5	Number one kimchi, number one beef brisket soup, just number one everything. Enough said haha
5	Best sullungtang(beef brisket soup) hands down, better than any places in LA. Korean pepper with their own ssamjang(sauce) is also superb. Kimchi is legit. Highly recommended.
5	As Korean, I really love their Kimchi rather than their main meal. That doesn't mean their food is horrible, just want to say their Kimchi is really good. ( at least to the person what is Kimchi and what is taste like ).Everytime I visit Las Vegas with my wife, we visit there and take a least one meal.If you are Korean or love Korean food, but just take ton of meat or buffet during your stay in Vegas and want to try another one, visit here and try it.Since it's Korean restaurant, Kimchi will be refilled everytime you want/ask to the staff. Affordable price ( than others in Vegas ).This is located in Sahara Ave street, but it wasn't easy to find it at first time... since I rely on my stupid navigation. I remember the restaurant also sell Kimchi to the person who want to buy it.Not many person knows here, so if you visit the restaurant in the morning, there should be almost no one except the person who knows here is awesome and quiet in the morning.
5	If you were so lucky to grow up with a mom or dad that slaved over a stove all day to feed you soup that always comforted you, this is the place to replicate that exact feeling or see how much your parents made you miss out.  The Beef Brisket Soup is perfection and the Kimchi is hands down the best I have had in Vegas.
5	Came to Vegas over the weekend and got a splitting hangover Sunday.  I stumbled upon this place and it was better than any gom tang in Orange County or Los Angeles.  I ordered the cold noodles and gom tang.  It was incredible.  There were so many side dishes.  Just to let you know that it wasn't because of the hang over, I went back 8 hours later and ate it again for dinner and it was still unbelievable.  Good service great prices.  Will definitely come back next time I hit the strip.
5	We came here on a Tuesday night and ordered 1. 2 Brisket beef soup, 9.99ea2. Spicy chicken,15 3. Rib-Eye, 15for 63- The best Kim Chi and Raddish in Las Vegas. Hands Down. Bold Statement. The last time I had Banchan like this was when we ate at Yong SuSan where we basically paid $100 for banchan. HAHA. - I knew right away that this was comparable to SoCal Korean food when we entered the restaurant with the waitress welcoming us in her native tongue and they had a Korean TV show on! Perfect! :)- Friendly service. We got our food fast. Was served both hot and cold tea. She even small talked with the little English she knew. - Brisket beef soup was a bit bland for my liking, but was filled with a lot of brisket. I added most of the chili paste in the soup and always dunked my beef in the sauce! Sauce was good. Had a wasabi-like taste. Yum!- Spicy chicken and rib-eye was exceptional! If I had to chose, I thought the spicy chicken was a bit better. Great flavoring. Lots of grilled onions. - Shhhh...She was so nice that she said it was okay that we can take some of the kim chi home.- Definitely a gem since it's off the Spring Mountain strip! Love this place.
4	I don't live or work in this part of town, so when I do travel this way it is usually to go to one of the restaurants in the nearby Commercial Center or simply passing through.  So over the years I have driven past this unassuming restaurant that practically blends in with the other random businesses on this stretch of E Sahara, and never really given it a second thought.  So I am glad that we the typical question about where to get dinner ultimately lead us to E-Jo Korean Restaurant.Their menu is pleasantly simple. Just 2 pages worth, and almost all of it is dedicated to the various traditional Korean soups not found at other Korean restaurants. These soups are the final product of hours of slow simmering to extract the flavors from the beef bones used in its preparation.  You can order the soup according to the meats and other ingredients that you want served in it.  If you are a beginner, then go with item #1 (Brisket Beef Soup for $9.99). If you are adventurous, then order item #8 (Their Combination Beef Soup with all the ingredients listed in items 1-7).The soups themselves are what many would considered bland, but that is completely intentional. And sea salt is available on the table for diners to adjust their soup to their individual taste (very good for individuals with high blood pressure or are on a low sodium diet, since it is easy to add salt but impossible to get it out).  Besides that, there are Korean spicy chili paste and another soybean paste and garlic mixture for flavoring the soup or as a dip for the cucumber chili (most were not spicy, but there were a few that did packed some heat, so be careful if you don't like it too spicy).In the end I opted for item #3 (Beef Knee Bone Soup with Tendon, $13.99).  If you like soft tendons, there are a lot of it in here, but no other pieces of beef.  Overall, this alone was just okay for me even with all of the tinkering that went into fine tuning my soup.The surprised highlight of the meal for me and probably everyone I ate with (Michael K and Roger T) is the restaurant's house made kimchi (2 varieties: radish and cabbage).  As far as banchans are concerned relative to other Korean restaurants, the selection is minimal.  However, what the E-Jo lack in kimchi selections is more than make up by the quality and flavors that they packed.  I will be happy with a few servings of rice and their kimchi, and maybe just a small bowl of soup or side order of Stir Fried Ribeye or Spicy Pork.  The kimchis are that mind blowningly good!  Forget the other K-Restaurant's commercially sourced industrial kimchis.  I want E-Jo's artisanal kimchi goodness!Service was friendly and efficient. The food came out with nominal wait time.  You can help yourself to as much kimchi as you want.  However, be polite and considerate and get the kimchi out of the jar with the provided tongs and put it on the serving plate first (no ones wants your cootie crossed contaminated double dipped leftover kimchi, not even your GF or BF).In the mood to drink responsibly?  They offer, you guessed it, Soju!  Plus Korean beers and rice wines and soda for me.For entertainment, besides staring at your iPhone or Android devices and neglecting your dining companions (okay if you are Yelping, but only because I am Yelping too), catch up on Korean programming of the variety show category on their TV (at least that was what was on at the time of my visit).  Afraid of ordering wrong because you are not Korean, can't speak Korean, but you still want to madly impressed your Korean GF or just being  culinaryly (I am making up words because of their kimchi) adventurous minus the requisite language skill, have no fear! pictures of menu items are on the wall for easy visual reference.  Or just ask the restaurant staff taking your order, silly.(Getting the frantic hand signals to wrap it up)E-Jo, a good Korean soup restaurant to visit, especially as the thermometer starts dipping towards your feet.  Lastly, awesome kimchi!4 stars! **** out of *****Trivial observation: Their soups all look the same to me here.  But I can assure you I am not a soup racist. I have had soups from many culinary traditions in the past. Just the other day I thoroughly enjoyed a miso soup, and before that an Italian Wedding Soup, and a very invigorating cold Borscht from Russia (or was it or Ukrainian origin) just over the summer. My point is I am not a soup racist.
4	Shout out to my Yelp friend Michael K for doing a last second UYE for this place.With that said, I have never been here. The Korean restaurants im used to are the cook it yourself all you can eat table top grill kinds. So I was curious as to how this place works.From looking at the menu it looks simple enough. Everything has a number and is in Korean and English. Since I didn't really want to be that adventurous, I chose the #1 Beef Brisket Soup. It's your basic soup with Beef Brisket and Noodles. Now this is where I learned something new. You season the soup yourself meaning they don't put any spices whatsoever in it. On every table there are containers of salt with a mini spoon. For those that are looking for a low to no sodium meal, this is your soup to get! What I ended up doing was grabbing the meat from my soup and eating it with the steamed rice they give you. I would also mix in a little bit of the hot sauce and curry sauce that was provided as well as mild green peppers. What actually stole the show was the Kimchi. I have had it before but when I had some of theirs, it tasted really fresh. What I find out was that they make it themselves from scratch. That explains why it was so good. Definitely not from a jar you would be able to buy at Seafood City or Ranch Market.Service was good. We had a sweet old lady that looked like she would not be able to understand us or speak English well. I was pleasantly surprised when she spoke perfectly good English to us. She was very helpful in answering any questions we threw at her.As for the place and overall location, I gotta admit, I drive by this place all the time and never really noticed it. Shame on me. But then again, it is in a weird part of the east side of Sahara when most of the food places are on the west side. When you go inside, there are plenty of tables and chairs I would say for about 20 people.So next time, based on the pics, the Spicy Pork and Spicy Chicken looks really promising.
4	Here in Vegas for team meeting and we wanted to eat something off the strip and this definitely did it for us!!! Love the variation of soup selection, try hangover soup and be surprised! I had the stir fried rib eye (tasted like yummy bulgogi..by the way, if you're not too hungry, it's enough to share!) but the best was their "barbecue ribs" so tasty and well marinated! A must go!
5	I was actually between a 4 star and a 5 star but decided to go with the 5 star just because they had what I was looking for :)I've been wanting some seolleongtang (broth made from bones) for a while now that the weather has been getting chillier. So when I yelped for this specific soup, E-Jo came up! And I know, I know, soondubu is just as good during the winter -- maybe even better cause it's spicy! But come on! Everywhere that's Korean in Vegas serves soondubu. Can we get some variety?!?!! Now that's what sets E-Jo apart from a lot of other Korean places. Because if you're looking for your typical Korean BBQ Restaurant joint that you're used to, this is definitely not it. E-Jo gives me the feeling of a mom and pop joint. What's better is that a majority of the items on their menu are new to me! When my friend and I arrived at E-Jo, the area around the restaurant was a little shady and quite dark. So being the paranoid me, I would say always go with someone. But right when we walked into the restaurant, we immediately got greeted in Korean. Not only that but she asked us how many in Korean too. I don't know about you but I was confused but still loved it. Nothing beats authenticity. The menu wasn't anything spectacular. It didn't have a trillion options for you to choose from and it was easy to follow. The waitress came by to take our orders and I just had to ask her, "Do you have seolleongtang?" Why would I ask that since some of the yelp reviews have confirmed it to be seolleongtang? Well, the menu didn't have it.She pretty much told me, "Yes and no." Then she explained that their #1 on the menu, beef brisket soup, is very closed to seolleongtang however it's a little different. I couldn't really remember exactly what she said but she mentioned about the ingredients being a bit more expensive in their version but it's very close. With that, both my friend and I ordered their beef brisket soup for dinner. She gave us extra green onions, hot pepper paste, peppers, meat sauce, and bean paste (I think). As for banchan, there was only two: kimchi and spicy radish. I thought it was quite interesting because I've never been given actual peppers before and I have also never been given meat sauce or hot pepper paste when I ordered seolleongtang before. I'm not a big kimchi fan but even so, I find their kimchi to be very good. It looked and tasted fresh. I liked the radishes as well but I typically like radishes with more vinegar haha. Then our soup came -- relatively quick I might say. I do have a warning though. Those who are used to flavors, msg, and thick broths ... this isn't going to be like that. The beef brisket soup is, for the lack of a better word, bland. Or to us Chinese, we call it "ching" which is clean. But it's okay! For all you sodium lovers or those who just want a bit more flavor, there is salt on every table! You can adjust the salt to your liking, which is what I love most about this soup. And oh, she was right, their beef brisket soup is VERY close to seolleongtang. One of the differences I've noticed is that E-Jo's noodles are white versus the clear glass noodles I'm used to. Also, E-Jo's broth base seems a bit thinner compared to what I've had before. In the end, everything is dandy. I got to have what I've been craving for :DOver all, awesome service tonight. Attentive workers. Yummy food. Win for me. I'm definitely coming back next time to try their oxtail soup while my friend wants to try the oxknee soup :)Come give this place a try and experience Korean cuisine in a different light.
2	I will begin by clarifying that I am not Korean, so I may have different tastes than other reviewers about E-Jo.  I ordered the Hangover Soup, and it was missing a certain something.  I added kimchi into it, and it was a bit better.  The kimchi cabbage and the kimchi radish that accompany the meal were good, but it was not the best I have had.  Once again, I am not Korean, so maybe that's what authentic kimchi tastes like.  I have, however, had kimchi in Seoul airport before, and it did not taste like what E-Jo had to offer.   All in all, I don't think I'll be returning soon.
4	Sometimes it's nice to get away from all that fancy shmancy stuff you find on the strip and enjoy what food is really all about and that is good old hearty home cooking.  E-jo has some of the most delicious and authentic kimchi I have ever had and some pretty good (although not the best) sullungtang.  Its good enough to satisfy any hangover or asian soup craving.  The service is wonderful here and the place feels nice and cozy :)
4	My friends and I were in vegas and being the super Koreans we were... we had to find a good sullungtang place to cure our night ones hangover. HahaThe place isn't so fancy but it's very "homey" the servers were very friendly and I felt like I was back in la and not in vegas hahaWe ordered 4 gom tang which they are known for and my friends looked like they enjoyed it very much. It was around $9 -10 dollars per person.I ordered nengmyun cold noodles... it really helps with my hangover haha and I loved it it was very delicous!My friend ordered the Kalgooksoo which had pictures of clams on the wall but... When it came out it was actually made with the same soup base as their gom tang with... spicy chicken which my friend wasn't too fond of. I'd say... they can't be as good as hanbat in ktown but it definitely hit the spot. :) if I'm ever in vegas I'd come back ! :)
3	How to write this review is very tough for me.  I want to give it 5 stars because the bone soup is really good and the broth is so simple and good.  I have to agree with all the other reviews when they say it has the best Kimchi and Radish in Las Vegas...its really good.  I have been here several times but my last visit has made me skeptical of the Kimchi and Radish...which is why i can't give it 5 stars..are you ready?.......We usually finish the kimchi and radish, but this last time we had leftovers and didn't want it to go to waste, so i ask for a to go box.  the waitress informed me that you can't take the kimchi and radish home....(okay since i already removed it from the bowl it comes in why would they care if i take it home unless.....they reuse the kim chi and radish from other customers...this is gross!!!!!).I questioned why i couldn't take it and another waitress came over and said I could take it this time but not ever again owner policy....I asked why?  Do you reuse it?  she said...oh no! we keep it for the employees....yeah....sure.  Though i dont know  for sure thats what they do with the kimchi and radish i can only assume that would be the reason and that has me questioning whether to back now.  Why make it so obvious over such a small amount of kimchi and radish too.  i wasnt taking the bowl full of it.
5	Good Korean food for those "tough mornings" from drinking too much fluids the previous night.  Good kimchi and good service.  I love these restaurants that serve one thing.
5	A true diamond in the rough when it comes to Korean food options in Las Vegas.  Korean barbeque and tofu stew joints are aplenty in Spring Mountain, but E-Jo is one of those niche restaurants that specializes in slow cooked beef soups which  one rarely comes across unless you're in a city with a full-fledged Koreatown.  Don't be fooled by their limited menu offerings and the simplicity of their banchan since the old saying goes that it is far better to do a few things well than to do many things poorly.  They offer a variety of beef-based broths containing a variety of cuts ranging from brisket, oxtail, and tongue to a variety of other tender bits such as tripe, tendon, and intestine.  The broth has a milky white complexion that can only be achieved from boiling down beef bones for several hours under a low simmer achieving a rich and nourishing soup perfect for a cold winter day or when one is under the weather or post-hangover.   Sea salt and pepper are provided at the table to adjust the broth to optimum taste and along with the choice of meat, some silky threads of somyeon (wheat flour) noodles and fresh green onion complete the dish.  Accompaniments include a refreshing glass of barley tea, a few raw green peppers (not spicy, although they look like banana peppers, presumably as a palate cleanser?), and two artisan jars containing perhaps the best made-in-house kimchi in town in the form of radish and napa cabbage cut down table side to bite-size portions by one of the staff.  For the final fine-tuning of flavors, some ground red chili paste and additional green onion are provided for the broth and a spicy soybean paste and horseradish/wasabi based soy sauce for dipping the meats.  Other options include a few choices of grilled meats, nyangmyeon, and a soup with homemade dumplings/rice cakes which have also been well-received in other reviews.A true mom/pop joint devoid of pretense that delivers homecooked Korean goodness to nourish the body and soul.
5	Went here for an early lunch before catching my flight. Opted for the beef brisket soup. It was excellent!  $10 for the soup, rice, kimchee and other condiments...what a great deal! I'll definitely go back again when I'm in Vegas.
4	So sad they closed the other location on Spring Mt. & Jones due to lack of business (barely anyone noticed it was there in the 168 Market shopping center).  Their Oxtail soup is perfect for wintertime when you need an alternative to ramen or pho.  I wished they had their steamed manduus like their closed location.  That was one of my favorite dishes from there.  Loved their homemade, pickled kimichi and kakdogi (radishes).
5	During our last trip to Vegas, we found a few new places to add to our list of favorite eateries and this place came up top for future visits.  Their kimchee was very good!  The 3 of us each ordered the mix meat tang and we enjoyed every bit of our soup.  We wanted to stop by again for a 2nd time before leaving, but our trip was so short we didn't make it before our flight back home.  We will definitely make it our regular stop every time we visit Vegas, as long as they keep up the excellent flavor.Just writing this review already makes me want to go back and have another bowl.
5	Their kimchi is amazing! The ox tail soup is too die for. Service is awesome. The ahjumma has even recognized us :D
4	"Oh come on.  When I said I wanted soup, I thought you'd pick ramen.  Tripe, tendons, beef knee bone, tongue, oxtail.  Seriously?" whines my Midwest poker bud."Be adventurous"  I say, choking back giggles."Adventurous?  It's not fair.  The worst my people got is Rocky Mountain Oysters, and you like those."E-Jo is all about authentic Korean beef bone soup.  Heavily extracted, boiled for hours until gelatinous and milky.  Incredible beef flavor with garlicky undertones.Simply select from a flavorful list of brisket (well braised, stringy), tongue (braised and tender), knee (clean, gelatinous tendons), oxtail (fall off the bone with melting cartilage), tripe (well cleaned, no off smell, tender), or all of the above then adjust the seasoning with the provided salt, fermented chili paste, chili powder and scallions.  Done.Only three banchan.  In-house made, incredible Napa cabbage and radish kim chee.  Deep flavor, good heat and just the right tingle of fermentation on the tongue.  A plate of fresh shishito peppers adds a vibrant, mild spice, green pepper foil made even better when dipped in a light but flavor enhancing soy garlic sauce.There are a few other non soup items (spicy pork, chicken, etc).  Have not tried them.  Prices for the soups are very reasonable ranging between $10 - $15.A short list of shoju and Korean beer rounds out the meal.Mom and pop Asian service.An incredible bowl of deliciousness.  Oh yeah, "Mikey liked it".
4	Wife wanted Korean bone soup. Haven't had it in a long time as we can't find it in San Francisco. Looks really authentic. We aren't Korean but we lived in a Korean neighborhood before so Korean soup is like comfort food for the wife. Down to earth restaurant where they play Korean videos on their tv. No subtitles. Have no clue what is showing. Ha Ji Ma!
4	Yea they do have some of the best kimchi I have ever had in my life. for that it gets an extra star. as far as the food, I ordered the #2 which had the brisket, tripe, intestines, and tendon. and they don't skimp on any of it. it does come bland. it's up to you to season it however you like. salt, pepper, green onions, and spicy red paste us avail to you. I even threw in some kimchi. the first smell that hits you.... It did remind me of the times when my mom made this soup. friendly staff, fast service. I might be back to try other things on the menu, mainly the kalgeuksoo, which was my childhood favorite.
2	Quality has gone down hill. Last three times I have visited, I noticed that Soup stock is water down and did not have that rich beef flavor as before and the kimchi has also changed. I don't know if there was a change of ownership or change in cooks, but definitely their quality has gone downhill!!!
4	If you need some good Korean soup to calm the soul, this is the place in Vegas you want to go to. The kimchi is good as well. It's not as good as the LA/OC Korean restaurants in the U.S. but it comes pretty close. Plus, after a hard night, I don't think you'll notice the difference. Tip: You want to make sure they took your order right.
3	korean bone broth soups....sulluntang, breakfast korean style...to soothe stomachs after a sinful night in vegas...order of korean pancakes to start...crispy golden deliciousness...well made pancakes...majority taking the brisket sullungtang...self taking the doganee sullungtang (knee cartilage soup), but basically given a tendon soup...instructions are simple for sullungtang...season it yourself, customize it yourself...add some sea salt, but remember sea salt is extra salty...add some green onions if desired...black pepper for little kick...some will go as far as to add kimchi juice straight up in their soup...there are no rules to personal preference!..kimchi jars and plates given...radish and napa cabbage...sissor to cut it  yourself...any size you want...careful not to splatter on yourself or neighbors...korean green peppers are milder...before they ripen to a red firey fiery...dip the green peppers in the brownish/reddish paste...mixture of fermented beans (korean miso) and things...overall, the kimchi is decent...korean soup restaurants are suppose to have the best kimchi, but e-jo is just decent....the soup is light and not as rich as wanted, but it does the job....
5	After being surrounded with tons of tourist spots and food choices, we wanted soup...chaldobaegi gom tang hit the spot.  This place has a homemade taste in all dishes even down to the handtorn beef and the insisting on cutting the kimchi for us first. Such good kimchi.  Splitting a soup is fine, be sure to ask for a bowl on the side and add salt, kim chi juices, and plenty of green onions while it's bubbly. Parking lot out back is so quiet, try to park closest to the street.   Also the service is so attentive and kind.Next time,  definitely going for haejangguk, since that looked popular here too :)P.s. speak Korean for amazing service!
4	So I decided to come here because I was meeting up a friend and she chose this place!  This place seems so shady from the outside! No kidding! I was scared to step outta my car!I ordered an oxtail soup and I'll tell you that it was amazing! I really loved their red bean paste, we cut up our jalapeno and then just dipped it into the paste. I ordered the oxtail soup. It was a bit bland but it was refreshing. I added the hot spice they had and the bean paste and it helped. It was really good! I'll tell you they're pretty generous with the amount of oxtail that was in it! I'll def come back next time and try their hangover soup too!
4	2nd place we went while in Vegas, my dad must get his Korean fix at least 2x while traveling.  That being said, prices were reasonable, food quality was great.  Small little place, but kimchee was great too.  The squared spicy radishes (Cqack Doo Gee) was not fermented enough for me.  The Nem Myung (Cold Noodle Soup) my brother order was a good broth, not necessarily the best, but was tasty.  Got the Gahl Bee for the kids, they loved it, old school standard style cut the long way.  NICE!  I got the Sul Lung Tang (Beef Brisket Soup), great for the hang over, excellent.  All in all, great place.  Can't give 5 stars and those are restricted for innovative / SUPER excellent Korean food.  Sorry, gots to be picky for those.
5	YO ur korean stayin in vegas for few days n u kno u need korean food, am i right??  Shin ramens at ur hotel can only take u so far.  rent a car or hava taxi wait cuz this place is worth it. ur korean stomach will thank u.
5	I love this place. Their #1 beef oxtail soup hits the spot every time! And they've seriously got the best sweetest kimchi in all the land. It's perfect spicy and balanced out with a sweetness like no other! I'm totally in love with their food! Their BBQ short ribs are perfectly marinated and pairs nicely with the side chili and kimchi as well. Don't hesitate to enjoy an authentic dish here!
4	Ventured here with our Korean friend, who we promptly put in charge of ordering. The kimchi cut fresh at the table was the best that I have ever had - the radishes were especially delicious. Don't ask me the authentic names, I don't know them, but the pancake, beef with veggies, and the assorted beef soup were all incredible. I tried beef tongue and tendon for the first time, and thoroughly enjoyed both. The tendon is a bit gelatinous, and the tongue tastes just like any other cut of beef. We got two cold buckwheat noodle dishes, and I definitely prefered the broth preparation to the chili paste preparation. I WILL warn you however, that these noodles were EXTREMELY difficult to bite through. I took a big bite thinking that I could just bite them off, but I couldn't, and kind of wound up choking a little. The super kind server came rushing over to see if I was okay, or if the food was too spicy. And I was embarrassed. White chicks eating Korean food wrong. Boo. But it was no big deal, I took smaller bites and loved every minute. The staff is very friendly, and helpful if you aren't exactly sure what to get.
5	This place is straight up Korean food.  No weird American twists on it, no compromise in serving sizes.  Just good old Korean food that tastes great and left us wanting more...  even though we were about to explode when we got up to leave.Awesome, job!  We'll be back.
5	Great place to stop for some classic korean food. Try the gom tang or beef short ribs, I was not disappointed and you won't be either!
1	This place was not great as I expected looking at the reviews here.1. The food is extremely expensive. Gomtang at LA usually goes for about 7$ and here it's $10. 2. Customer service is horrible. We ordered a korean pancake and they said they ran out when we came here for breakfast. And they didn't provide anything to make up for it. 3. We have a little baby in the family and asked if we could just have a small bowl of soup for her because she wasn't hungry to eat a lot. They said they can't give it for free and it costs half price of the adult bowl. At LA they always give a little to babies just for service. And when they gave it, it came with no meat. Just soup for like 5 bucks. 4. The gontang soup tastes just okay. The soup is a little clear and it's because they use a lot of water and I can taste the msg in it. I'm gonna be super thirsty later. 5. The one star only goes for the kkak doo gee (Korean kimchi radish) and the kimchee but I would not come again. Even after the horrible service, they still charged us for the little soup. This just shows that they want money and don't care about their customers because they have no competition. They're the only Korean restaurant around. Come if you're in Vegas and miss Korean food but this I'm so tired but I have to goto practice):made my family leave Vegas in a horrible mood.
3	This place was ok/good. Not as good as I expected with the 4 1/2 stars that it got. The banchan was good. You only get 2 kinds though, the kimchi and the daikon.Pros:-slightly off the strip on Sahara, less traffic.-the portion was good in comparison to the price (based on the chicken that I ordered)-nice/friendly waitress (the one that took my order was very nice). Even said good bye as I was leaving. Cons:-The price is higher than some other places. -The chicken I got was good, but was more like a stir fry than Korean bbq. I wanted bbq.I wanted to order the short rib, but it was $25 bucks a pop, so I opted for the chicken instead ($15.99). For that price, you might as well pay a little more for a nice buffet.
5	I love this place! E-Jo is definitely one of the true authentic Korean places to eat at, in Vegas. The radish kimchi is the best.They specialize in soups so order up!Have a hangover? Try the oxtail soup (my fav)
5	I recently visited E-Jo on a Friday afternoon. My friend and I ordered the kalbi and it was superb. The kimchi and pickled radish were the best I have ever had.E-Jo isn't fancy, merely functional. There were many Korean people there which is always a good sign. The server was friendly and helpful.I will definitely return!
5	The food was great. I had the spicy pork and dumpling soup with rice cakes. I would go again. The atmosphere was clean and simple. Authentic food.
4	If you are in the mood for some great Kimchi and tasty soup then you are in luck, because this little restaurant offers both. The prices are reasonable, service is friendly, and portions generous. I tried the hand cut noodles and they reminded me of this fantastic restaurant in Myeongdong. My wife had the dumpling soup and also enjoyed her dish. We will definitely be back!
4	So unfortunately the best Korean restaurant in town is on the east side, far far away from my house...  This place across the street from Commercial Center is, in my opinion, the best traditional Korean restaurant in Vegas, by a mile.  Most Korean restaurants are bbq places, and even those are just mediocre.  The only other specialty Korean seems to be tofu joints, except for this place which specializes in gomtang, a soup that is similar to sullungtang and cooked in bone marrow.  They have parking in the back, but you have to walk around to the front to enter.  It is your typical Korean restaurant decor, which is to say it's not much to speak of.  Service is friendly and speedy.  The menu consists of a various type of gomtang (different main ingredient) and several other popular Korean dishes.  Although oxtail gomtang is one of my favorite dish, we opt for a combination gomtang and a naengmyun.  I'm guessing the gomtang is already made, but perhaps because of naengmyun preparation both dishes take about 10 minutes to come out.The naengmyun is quite good, with nicely flavored and cold soup.  Wish there was a tad more brisket slices in it though, but otherwise very satisfying.  The gomtang soup tasted great also, and the accompanying kimchi and radish kimchi (kkakdugi) were outstanding.  The kimchi is quite sweet, but I actually liked it.  I am definitely getting the oxtail gomtang next time.I've probably tried 90% of Korean restaurants in Vegas, and it's not an impressive lot overall except Soyo which is very good, K-bop which is satisfying, and couple in Commercial Center that have a handful of good dishes.  So this one is a keeper, with great service and food on par with typically good places in L.A.  It's a solid 4 stars.Table-for-1 Factor:  Most places like this are just fine for eating alone.
4	Came here tonight bc it had such high ratings and I needed a Korean restaurant for my Korean mom and Korean Aunt, who need to always eat Korean food. :) Anyway, we grabbed a taxi from the Wynn (where we were staying for the weekend) and went over. In hindsight, I should've just driven but I was too lazy to get my car out of the parking structure. It cost $11 cab fare to get there. Then I paid $5 tip. I know. Dumb. It was actually worse on the way back. The owner of the restaurant called us a Korean cab to get back to the hotel. He charged us $20!!! What a ripoff!! Anyway, I digress. So, the moral of the story is if you decide to check out this place, and you have a car, just drive there. So, I got the oxtail soup, my mom got the Kalgooksoo, and my Aunt got the soup with the greens in it. I thought my oxtail soup was  good! Broth was flavorful. My meat was a little tough...I mean I was fighting with it to get off the bone. But still pretty good. The cabbage Kimchee and the radish Kimchee both were really good! They also gave us peppers with daenjang. The peppers with fresh and crunchy! Really good! My mom and aunt said their food was just ok. They said it was bland. Lol. But they live in LA, so they always compare Korean food to the restaurants in Ktown.Overall, I thought the service was great and the food was pretty good. If I have a craving for Korean food in Vegas again, I will be back.
5	Wonderful family run restaurant.   Reasonable prices.  The bulgolgi I had was delicious as was the Kimchi. My companions all enjoyed their sobering meals.   Service was prompt and polite.  They were very patient and accommodating even though we were all drunk and one of us very drunk.  Great meal off the strip.
5	So Rod U always talks about cartilage and bones and tendons. Some of the best ingredients in a soup that I can imagine. After reading his review several times decided to try this place. Love it. First is the green onions and chili paste for your soup. Peppers and dipping sauce that thankfully is not too hot and then bowls of kimchee the cabbage and radish. Love how you also have a plate to put the kimchee on and scissors to cut them. You can keep adding more kimchee as you eat them from the bowl.   The Kim Chee was absolutely awesome. We had the oxtail and the combo. They both come out very hot and you can add as much chili paste and green onions to your liking.The oxtail was tasty and tender. I love to gnaw on the bones. The only thing I would say is a bit of veggies and bigger chunks of oxtail would make this an ideal meal for me. This was the first time I had oxtail soup instead if stew at a restaurant. I enjoyed this or at least the bits I could steal from the wife. The combo had brisket, tendon, tripe, and was tasty yet a bit sparse in terms of meat. I did not get any bones so next time I am trying the beef knee bone soup. Again I really enjoy more veggies in a soup as I make my own with pork bones , mushroom and cabbage. It adds to the overall consistency. Here I would say tasty yet anemic. Tasty though. I would like to give the 4.5 and will be back. I will try the 24.99 assorted boiled beef with some folks as I am sure you share this. Right now I would say that Soyo restaurant may have an edge on soups and plenty of banchan. I will be coming back to E-Jo to figure out what is what.
4	If you want to try something different and you are daring, go to E-Jo's.   It is very Korean.   The cooked beef soup was great, but we did order the mixed meat soup which included parts of beef I did not care for (tripe, etc. etc. etc.)   So if you are not that adventurous, just get the beef.   Also, the other Korean dishes are great.   If you go, helpful to have a Korean with you or you can ask the waiter/waitress more info.   WARNING: traditional Korean.   So do not expect the grills.
4	Extremely Authentic, extremely fresh.I originally gave this place 3 stars, but it really does deserve 4 or higher, I can't punish the establishment simply because Korean is a little outside my comfort zone.The atmosphere is simple and homey. The restaurant is a few miles from the strip in what looks to be a questionable part of town, though I have no idea what the area is REALLY like. The employees are very sweet and very kind. Like I said, this place is extremely authentic so expect communication to be a little difficult. However, you can tell they are used to having English speaking customers and are happy to assist you. The food is, like I said, a little outside my comfort zone. The buckwheat noodles were delicious, but very difficult to get out of the bowl and even more difficult to bite through. All the beef we tasted was tender and delicious, absolutely no complaints. I would go back in a heart beat, I would just do a little more research on what types of Korean food I'd like to try first.
1	The place is rundown and shabby. The lady is nice but the food is quite poor. I had the oxknee soup, spicy pork, hangover soup and handmade noodles. The oxknee soup was so bland. Adding chili didnt help. The hangover soup tasted like yuckt simmering vegetables. The noodles were bland too. The spicy pork was okay but not oustanding. It was abit too oily. I like their kimchi though. All in all, not recommended.
5	Forget the buffets. I come here every time I'm in Vegas. It's ultimate Korean comfort food and SO PERFECT for when I'm hungover (cough... I mean... sick). Very traditional Korean fare, please do everyone a favor and don't get the BBQ (hubs likes it okay but its not great), just stick to what they do best - the SOUP. (and the kimchi, but that's free)
5	OMG! This is the best Korean food I ate in America!! Very traditional food and good service:) BTW they have G8T free Kimchi!!! I highly recommend it!
5	This is the best 'Korean meat soup' restaurant. They offer the highest quality of Kimchee and meat soup.
4	Came by because it was right down the street from JZ Billiards & we were hungry. I didn't realize this place mainly serves soup but I was kinda hungover from the night before it worked out ok. I ordered the beef brisket soup & the bf ordered spicy pork. I've never had this kind of soup before so I didn't know it comes to the table with no flavor. You add your own salt, miso & whatever else they put on the table. Once I added salt & other stuff it was pretty good. The spicy pork was very tasty. Came with rice, Kim Chee & Kim Chee radish.  Service was good, food was good, parking was easy. If you have a hankering for korean soup give this place a try.
5	I have been craving for Korean Oxtail Soup since I arrived in Las Vegas last Friday. I tried last night but this restaurant closes at 9pm Saturdays. After church today, this is my only destination. My family of 5 ordered 2 Oxtail Soup and 3 Ox Tounge but had to order extra ox tounge because they are all so good and delicious. I love the extras on the side such as Kimchi, spices and sauces so I can customize the soup to my own taste. Service was friendly and fast. A new favorite place in Vegas so will definitely come back and will being along friends and family.
5	Definitely coming back to this place! The food is amazingly authentic and the service is awesome.
4	E-Jo is a Korean Sul lung Tung Soup House which is boilled beef soup. The choices are what cuts of meat you want in your soup. There are some other options and the hangover soup has spicy bean paste added. The grilled meat start at $17 per plate. The soup is good and the Kimchi is excellent. But the green onion topping is very roughly cut. Service is good but English is limited so you need to use the menu item numbers. Great place to get a hot piping bowl of beef soup.
1	Unfortunately Not as good as we expected with the high stars that it got.We are not Korean so we may have different taste. We ordered Oxtail soup and beef brisket soup,but taste was so bland. It's just hot water, nothing taste of Beef broth. What is this?!?! So added in lots of Korean miso and some other sauce, but we still couldn't eat. However Kimchi was so delicious. Waitress was nice and friendly. The price is higher than some other Korean restaurant in LV. Unfortunately we are not going back there again.
3	Overall food and service of waitresses were okay.But the owner's attitude towards customers were not good at all.He was bossy and rude to customers as he was treating his employees.
4	Great sul lug tang to help w the hangover the next door- not that I ever need that. Worth the drive off the strip. Soothes the belly for sure. Busy! Which is a good sign. Service is really fast but we did have to wait to get a table.
5	Excellent Korean find in the middle of Vegas. Totally authentic , Bring your Korean dictionary or google translate . I used it to order beef tongi soup .All Korean customers but Mexican kitchen ( took a peek on the way to wash)
