5	Great training!  Mark and Lynn really push you to be your best.  The personalized fitness programs are way better than any chain gym.  And they offer kettlebell training, which is hard to find in the valley!
4	My wife and I bought a Groupon for this place good for 12 kettle bell classes.The facility is clean, new and nice and has a bunch of different cardio/weight stuff for their personal training activities.  There are also showers and a massage room for their in-house masseuse.  It is a pretty solid place if you live in the area and want some personal training.  I can't comment on their personal training ability or prices yet though.We've only had one class so far but it is pretty hardcore and kicks my ass.  Lynn starts pretty basic (well not basic enough for me because I am slow and uncoordinated), but I work my way through it pretty well.  It is a pretty good workout.  I know this because all my muscles are sore.  She offers classes at convenient times which is good because my wife and I need to do things as early in the morning as possible.  Right now we are doing the class at 5:30am, 3 days per week.My only suggestion so far is to pick a class that doesn't have that many people in it.  Their kettle bell area can be a bit tight if there are more than 5-6 people.  It would be perfect with like 3 people because the last thing I want to do is knock somebody out with my kettle bell.Anyway, I will update in a few weeks at the end of my 12 classes.
5	I totally forgot to update but my kettle bell classes have came and went.  They were pretty hardcore and a great workout.After the classes ended, my wife and I bought several personal training sessions with Mark/Lynn.  They are a bit pricey but the workouts are pretty solid.I am unable to workout there anymore but my wife still goes a few times per week and seems to love it.This is definitely a great place to get your workout on and I just wish I lived closer.  Anyway, I highly recommend Lifestyles.
5	I've known Mark Hill for over a decade and can say without hesitation, he is one of the best trainers in the fitness industry.  His personal attention to his clients is un-matched and his knowledge in the field is unparalleled.  Anyone looking for a incredible trainer with unflinching moral ethics, who just happens to be a genuinely nice person also, would do well to get to know Mark Hill.
5	I have been going to Lifestyles Fitness with Mark Hill for over a year. I highly recommend him as a trainer. He is knowledgable and honestly cares about his clients. Each workout is tailored to your needs and goals. I have had many special challenges and he has been so understanding and managed to work around them and still work all parts of my body at each workout. Regardless of your fitness needs, you can't go wrong choosing this place to work out
5	I have been training at Lifestyles Fitness for several years.  The owner, Mark Hill, is extremely knowledgeable and will make you feel right at home. From beginner to advanced, this is the studio for you. You will never be bored and you will always get a kick butt workout!   I consider this an investment in my health and it's worth every penny!
5	Lifestyles Fitness has been great at working with me to achieve my goals.  I'm grateful for the thoughtfulness they take in making sure I got what I needed and not just a cookie cutter workout.  Thank you Mark
5	I was only there for a short time, unfortunatly. But when I was there,, I totally loved it! It's not your normal gym setting which I totally dug,, and Mark really listened to my goals, and expectations. He and Drew we're both great. I totally recommend this place, and am looking forward to getting back in there! :)
5	Thorough workouts, every session is different, plenty of encouragement and positive attitude!
5	I've been training with Mark since January. He has really motivated me to achieve my goals and he pushes me to try things I have never done before. He's down to earth and knows his stuff and every time I go I get a great work out. I consider him my friend and a great trainer! I highly recommend him if you want obtain your personal fitness goals.
5	I've been working with Mark for over 2 years now. When I first came to Mark, a back injury had ended my soccer career and kept me from playing for nearly 3 years. I wanted to find a way to workout without hurting my back. Mark has always worked with me to tailor my workouts - first for my back and now for my high intensity workouts. A movement specialist was able to help my back pain over the past few years (another review all in itself); and as my back pain lessened, Mark changed my workouts as needed. Mark is one of the most dedicated people I have had the pleasure of getting to know. He can work with anyone - from injury to athlete. After not being able to workout like I wanted to for a few years, I had gained 14 pounds from my pre-college soccer days. I am now 4 pounds less than my pre-college soccer days and more lean. I couldn't be where I am today without Mark's help. I'm sad to be moving away this month, but he has prepared me to keep going on my own. And I know I will always have a good friend here in Tempe.
5	I have been through my share of trainers but Mark and Drew are TOP notch.  They listen to your goals/dreams and make them happen.  They motivate and drive you to extreme fitness.  It is a one stop shop: nutrition experts, knowledgeable in sports, fitness,, injury and "special" conditions.  This is the first time I have seen extreme results.  I am so happy.  People really see the difference (muscle and abs)!!!!  Mark and Drew are so personal and helpful.  Even on my bad days, they motiviated me to drill on.  So don't sell yourself short, anyone can do this.  You can reach your goals, no matter how big or small.   Challenge yourself.  The reward is priceless!!Thank you Mark and Drew for believing in me!!!  Ya'll are AWESOME!!!
5	Awesome!  Mark got me in the best shape of my life.  Check out my before and afters to see for yourself!
