3	Clean, spacious and a very good value for the money. Not too much more to add here. The menu was a little bit limited and the bar was not very spacious but all things considered, I would stay here again for sure.
3	Like other posters, I too had flight issues at CLT and spent the night here (voucher courtesy of the airline). My first impression was frustation - - as it seemed to take longer than expected for the hotel shuttle to arrive at the airport, to pick up all of us stranded passengers from various flights. The hotel itself was fairly close to the airport, a short drive -- definitely not walkable. But upon entering, the interior looked clean and had a large open atrium area and warm colors througout (think reds, oranges, etc). Check-in was alright, however no "perks" here for Marriott Reward Silver  -- was what I was originally quoted. They do have a Club Lounge I learned later. Breakfast weekdays (i believe) at 6am. The room was definitely larger than I was expecting. It was a 2-room suite with small refrigerator and microwave. Beds were comfortable for my 4-hr sleep. Shuttle brought me back to CLT with fast and friendly service. The first shuttle in the morning leaves at 6am. It was alright -- but room service closes at 11pm. And of course, I would've rather been at my destination than being stuck in a hotel. **Oh and the large atrium area made me think that this property may have been previously an Embassy Suites or something. So I asked the shuttle driver, and he said that they've been open for 11 years. And that it has always been a Renaissance Suites.
4	Like other postings, I had a flight issue.  My flight the next day was at 7:05 am and the hotel bus does not run from 12 am - 6 am, so I kept my rental car.  We were there from 9pm - 5:15am, by the time we checked in we wanted to stay at the hotel for something to eat.  We tried room service and it was fine.  The suite was large but we did not get to enjoy it much.
4	I had a very good stay here. Check in was great. Very capable & friendly staff let me check in early (11am). Only downside was not a very good bar in the hotel. Room was very clean & comfortable.
2	Honestly disappointed with the service.  They require additional deposit on cash or debit card (?!) payments, $50 per night!  The hallways are noisy, you can hear everything from adjoining rooms.  Breakfast is $14 per person, kind of ridiculous because there are virtually no restaurants in the area.  Go elsewhere in a cooler neighborhood if you're staying here for fun.
4	From the moment I arrived, I was impressed by the Renaissance Charlotte Suites. I have stayed at this hotel on at least two or three occasions in the last several months and I have yet to be disappointed. The lobby and main areas of the hotel are immaculately clean and well decorated - the hotel commands an elegant presence even from outside. The guest rooms are the real treat. Every room at this Renaissance is a suite and has at least a living room/sitting area with separate bedroom. The rooms are thus spacious and comfortable, and they are well-appointed and upscale. The hotel's fitness center was sufficient - it was nothing spectacular but it was slightly better than the average hotel gym. While I didn't use the pool, the Renaissance had a beautiful one. This hotel does charge $10 per night for internet service, something I find obnoxious and an instant "ding" for any hotel. Parking, however, was free and not very easy to navigate. I found the staff professional and courteous - while I did not have any negative encounters, they never did anything to go that extra mile or do anything particularly impressive either. The location of the hotel could, perhaps, be somewhat of a con - it did seem everywhere we needed to go was a bit of a drive compared to times we stayed at other Charlotte hotels. An elegant, pleasant place to stay and a true value for weekends spent in Charlotte - this hotel is consistently $99-$119 per night from Friday to Sunday night. You simply can't beat the price with what the hotel is offers. Superb!
4	The hotel itself is fantastic. The rooms are huge, and the building is nice. The staff on the other hand, not so much. Group sales dropped the ball big on my trip. The front desk was not easy to work with. Will stay here again, but will have to make sure everything is as it should be.
4	had a lovely time here! the rooms are HUGE and clean! the little kitchenette area proved very useful and i love the idea of a separate living and bed area. very cute! the atrium area is also nice.
4	Very large rooms with living room?  Friendly staff.
3	Great rooms and amenities. Restaurant is the worst I've ever seen in a Renaissance. Terrible bartender who thinks extra dry is half vermouth, terrible steak, and soup and crab carabiners was so salty I couldn't eat it. Ambiance is a burgundy Embassy Suites with no free drinks.
4	The rooms are beautiful and staff was nice. However they have a policy if you are using a debit card/checkcard they authorize $25 per night . I however wasnt using either but they thought my credit card was bank card and put a hold on my card which wasnt disclosed, needless to say I wasnt pleased with that. Everything else was very great though the room was well cleaned every day and they had a free business area because they charge for in room wifi . I would stay here again .
4	Booked a King Suite online from Feb 8-10 @ $87.99/night (AAA Membership Rate) after being delayed at Charlotte (CLT) due to Winter Storm Nemo. The hotel is about 10-15 minutes from CLT. I arrived by shuttle and checked into Room 705. The room was very clean, with no issues throught my trip.This is a great place for catching up on sleep. Unfortunately there's nothing to do within the immediate, remote area, which will leave with few options beyond fast food delivery and the hotel's restaurant. A cab Uptown (Time Warner Arena, The Epicenter, Bobcats, Panthers, bars, restaurants, etc) will cost $25. The hotel concierge hooked me up with an 8pm shuttle ride to the Woodlawn LYNX (Light Rail) station (approx. 15-20 minutes away), which only costs $2.00 to head Uptown.The only drawbacks are the remote location, and the lack of free WiFi outside of the hotel lobby and lounge/restaurant ($9.99 per day). If you want to get a good night's sleep, then this is the place. If you want to enjoy Charlotte, I recommend choosing a hotel closer to Uptown and Center City.
1	I am only reviewing the staff at this hotel. The hotel is a great place to stay, but the staff is not very helpful or nice. I arrived at 8:00 AM so I went to the front desk where I was stood for 10 minutes while the two ladies working the front desk were talking. Once they finished talking they offered to help me. She told me that my room was not read6y yet come back about 11:00 AM. So when I return at 11:00 AM another desk clerk made sure I felt stupid for even asking if my room was ready, she also told me to come back about 12:30 PM. When I returned at 1:00 PM I was told that no room yet, come back about 3:00 PM, in the meantime others in my group checked in before us with the same rooms, our reservation was made 6 months ago. I came back at 3:30 PM; the desk clerk told me that it would be at least 6:00 PM to get a room. I then asked her to cancel my reservation that I would stay at another hotel, I called Holiday inn which offered me a room at the same rate and aid it is ready now. Since the desk clerk hear this she to me that my room is ready, 1 bed King, She took my card and started the check-in. When she told me that it was 1 bed I showed her the reservation was for a 2 double beds, she said that she had the wrong room. So she then had my room ready for me after waiting 8 hours. The front desk staff is not very nice, as my wife noticed very rude. I checked out on Sunday and the night desk clerk said they would e-mail my bill. I called to ask about my bill and the front desk clerk told me I would have to wait 3 to 5 days to get my bill. I guess that Marriot does not care about their guest. I will change hotel brands, since no one at Marriot cares. The story goes one for the week from the bell man, wait staff and the maids. I will not bore you with all of the details.
2	Nice hotel.. but it's way too much for what you get... In that area, there are a TON of hotels... you can find another.Next time I think I'll stay at that Hilton Homes place off Tyvolia. At least they had a sports bar right next to it! ;)
4	All I asked for was a comfortable room, nice staff, and room service that didn't break my bank.  I got all three here.  I was pleased with my stay.  Room service food was good enough, and it wasn't too overpriced.  The bathroom somehow managed to be a little cramped even though it was big.  Maybe it was the wall separating the sink from the commode.  Pretty unnecessary.  The bed was comfy enough, and the AC worked well.  I'd stay here again for sure.
4	"Well why don't you go upstairs and book a conference room. Maybe you can talk him to death." -- The Bourne Identity (2002)I recently came here for a business meeting - my client reserved once of the business center rooms for a business meeting for the morning for 5 of us.We were very comfortable in the room since there were only 5 of us - but if we had all 10 that it could fit, I'm not sure we would have been as comfortable.  We had pitchers of water (with huge pieces of orange and mint), bowls of mints, pens and pads of paper at every chair.  We had free wi-fi, but it was a little spotty and would randomly drop each of us throughout the morning.  The chairs were comfy, adjustable and I wasn't stiff after 3-plus hours in them.  The most uncomfortable piece about these rooms, is while they have an in-room bathroom, almost every sound that happens in that bathroom can be heard in the meeting space - AWKWARD. That's not something you want to hear when someone from your group excuses themselves to go to the bathroom - it is distracting and uncomfortable. Those rooms need to be insulated - Seriously!We then stepped out to grab some lunch in the restaurant.  I ordered the Turkey BLT with a side salad - it was perfectly prepared, delicious and great for the price.  They were speedy with the service, getting the food to us and the service was good.  However, my iced tea tasted like it was from a can.  Next time, I'll get ice water.Overall, I would recommend this as good office space for meetings, I just don't think I'll use the bathroom in the meeting rooms.
3	I might give a slightly higher rating for convenience if you're a business traveler visiting offices in the business park. Convenient airport shuttle.  Nice interior atrium.  Good room layout with small living room separated from bed, ala Embassy Suites.  Great rate on the weekend (clearly a business hotel).  But on with the not so good.  You're stranded.  Hotel is not near anything;  Taxi or drive to any restaurants, shopping, etc.  Bed is not particularly comfortable and pillows are very uncomfortable.  Put out breakfast order on door for early delivery before catching a flight.  Nothing was ever delivered  Perhaps some other guest took the order card thinking they were funny, we were near the elevator.  Maybe the hotel just messed up.  Either way, not good.  Got a shrug at the front desk when we mentioned at checkout.
3	Upscale hotel with fancy lobby and spacious rooms. Free on-site parking and free Airport shuttle service between. 5 a.m. and midnight. The hotel is not in a bustling area so you'll need a car or taxi if you want to go out.  Breakfast was not included in my rate. I stayed one night in the 1BR suite.  The room offered a microwave, college-dorm sized refrigerator and a separate bedroom.  The decor is modern and the room was spotless.  The biggest gripe I have with this place is that I didn't think the bed was as comfortable as most Marriott beds.  That's a big deal to me - I often choose Marriott over other hotels because of their comfortable bed!
5	Great hotel for the price! Big spacious rooms were clean and comfortable! Having a refrigerator and microwave in the room is always a plus.The breakfast buffet was tasty and had an ample amount of options. I always enjoy an omelette made fresh to order! (You can also order eggs any style, pancakes, waffles, and french toast!).The highlight of my stay was absolutely Tempest. She was courteous, friendly, helpful and had the kind of personality that puts a smile in your face for the entire day. Tempest definitely pushed my review from four stars to five!
4	Surprisingly this was a great lunch find! I came with my co-workers for a birthday celebration. We had the choice of either the buffet or menu options. The buffet comes with your choice of salad, choice of two meats, veggies and desserts. The menu options included salads, wings and sandwiches. I went with the Cobb salad. It came with blue cheese, crumbled bacon, egg, tomatoes, avocado and chicken with blue cheese dressing. When it arrived I was blown away by the size. That thing was huge! I was very impressed that they were not skimpy with the toppings either! They piled on all my favorites and the homemade blue cheese dressing brought it all together!I can see this being in my regular lunch rotation especially since there are several other salads I'm looking forward to trying...and let's not forget about giving that buffet a try!
4	The room itself was very nice - you have an office/living room space separated from the bathroom (via foyer) which is also separated from the bedroom the next room over.  Feels like a nice 1BR apt in NYC to tell you the truth.  Gym amenities were nice (not as nice as a gym out in Southern California; but definitely better than the ones you would see at a Courtyard property).  The breakfast buffet was ok.  You have a chef who will cook you an omelet or something made-to-order or you can go to the buffet line and take whatever is there.  It's in line with what you would expect from a Marriott property.Location-wise, you are pretty much in the middle of nowhere.  No food, no shops, nothing for at least a good 10+ minute drive off the highways/parkway/thruway.  It is possible I didn't explore the area closely enough, but honestly, nothing in the local surrounding area really seemed appealing.  Just corporate park after corporate park.
5	Great Hotel. Tucked away just outside the city - only 14 minutes from Downtown Charlotte. Very nice rooms & great place to catch up on work. Close to the airport as well.
5	Fantastic hotel with an excellent staff. Close to the airport, Carowinds and Downtown Charlotte. Marriott Rewards Gold members receive free premium wifi access and breakfast buffet.
3	This property is in need of a facelift. I was in Charlotte for a week. I had stayed here years ago  and thought it was great. This time not so much. Lucky for me this property only had availability for one night so I had to move to south park property. Rooms are suites do there is lots of room if you need it.  The customer service was well below par for a higher end Marriott property. I forgot my deodorant and I was told that there was some in the shop ( $200 room but no complimentary toiletries?)Hostess at breakfast buffet had an attitude that made me pass on the meal. She seemed put off by the fact that I wanted to look at the spread before I committed to eating there.This property should send employees to South Park location to observe good service.
4	I've held several meetings, the staff is quick and efficient. Cori & Sarah are wonderful planners when it comes to meetings, conferences and room reservations. Ken in AV is truly helpful even for the smallest requests. The food in the restaurant is pretty delish too!
2	I'm giving them 2 Star but you my feel I should have given them 1 Star. Checked in after a long flight and my girlfriend is a platinum member. She stays at Marriott 98.5 % of the time. We checked in at 11:05PM and once we got to the room we noticed a Do Not Disturb sign on the door but we thought maybe it was never removed by house keeping. To our surprise there was someone in the bathroom!!!We asked Orlando the person that checked us in, "please explain how is this possible?". He offered a couple of options but none of them made since and he didn't seem that concerned. So if Orlando is checking you in you may ask him or who ever checks you in to call the room first to make sure no is there!
5	A 1st here. A bit of a drive to everything BUT worth the inconvenience for the price is unbelievably cheap for a comfortable suite. Two TVs...1 in sitting room, 1 in bedroom. Pillows galore. Inner court reminds me of Inter-Continental Hotels Singapore. Free parking tho "pay" signs posted I suppose to ward off the unwelcome? Hotel guest free parking card for dashboard at check-in. Front desk is very accommodating when asked for free complimentary tickets to try their continental breakfast. In-room WiFi is free if you go to Marriott.com and register as a member. Business Center is free 24/7 where u can register online to get the free membership then return to front desk for them to enter your member number. When signing in on WiFi, it is your room number and last name to log on. Housekeeping generously leaves ample supply maybe due to the amount of tip left for them? Service is quick, knowledgeable and accommodating. Rooms comfortable and clean. Highly recommendable to everyone...singles, couples, families, on business... I would definitely stay here again. You'll hv a little kitchenette with frig, microwave, sink, coffee maker w/coffee. Showtime is free too. Iron and board. All this for so little...I can't imagine anyone going home unhappy. Got this great deal from CheapTickets.com as an air, car & hotel package. Thank you, Renaissance Marriott in Charlotte.
