5	We used to go to a very expensive, well known dry cleaners in the valley before discovering Delia's! Thank goodness because I have so many things that I need to have dry cleaned and was going broke! The only thing I wish they would do is separate my clothes from my husband's clothes. I am sure that if I request it they will take care of me. Happy cleaning!
1	Rude employees who aren't very intelligent or have much of a personality. I had a shirt done here and they put holes in it. I would not recommend this cleaners.
5	I tried out this place because I didn't care for the last place I had my suits dry cleaned.  The service is great and the pricing is spot on.  I had to take a week long business trip and these guys were able to fold all my shirts with plastic wrapped around.  This worked amazing for packing reasons.  Great cleaners!
2	Two experiences with this particular Delia's. The positive, the employees are very nice but very poorly trained. That's on Delia's. First experience dropped off 5 pieces consisting of 3 sun dresses and 2 tops. Not a lot of fabric. Had a 35% coupon which I presented at time of drop off. Upon picking up my dry cleaning I was presented with a bill of $65.00++. I about fell over. Apparently the original employee decided to run my dresses through the "premium" process without actually asking if I wanted the "premium." Ended up speaking with a manager who apologized. She was very professional. I decided to give Delia's a second chance. Dropped off a dress that someone had spilled something down. Employee marked the stains. Following week I pick up the dress and it doesn't even look like it's been cleaned. Employee states they can run the dress through again but she must collect payment. I PAY. I return to pick up the dress and am astonished to see the dress looks no better and maybe even a little worse. So I ask the employee, what exactly did I pay for... DEFINITELY DONE WITH Delia's. In a nutshell - don't waste your money. They overcharge and do a poor job.
