5	My first time at Absolutely Chic was well worth the visit!  I had found their first time visit special for a 1-hour massage online.  I've been to Dolce in Arrowhead a few times and had many professional massages when I lived in California.  I must say, the swedish therapeutic massage that I received was wonderful!  It was more than just one of those spa massages (even though that is what their name implies).  It was much more of a therapeutic massage as my therapist worked on the areas that I needed worked the most.  She focused on them longer than usual and worked most of the knots out (as much as one can be worked out when as tense as I am).  The different techniques she used felt so incredible on those trouble areas and she applied the right sort of hard and medium pressure according to the amount of tension in the areas.  I felt relaxed while laying on the massage table and was comfortable in the room and with my therapist.  I am very much interested in returning as they have a type of membership that does not include a contract.  It's much more of a deal than Massage Envy because you are not required to come in once a month to get the membership price.  While it is a further drive for me, I am planning on possibly getting the membership and returning many more times.  All the ladies/therapists there were very kind and helpful as well.  I would feel comfortable with any of them.  Absolutely Chic is in a hard to find location at the back of the little business park they are in.  When you enter the parking lot, drive around to the back side (on the left).  They are located upstairs on the 2nd floor of Suite D.  Do not take the elevator...b/c it is their back entrance and the door is locked (you can call to have it unlocked or knock like we did, but they may not hear you).  Use the stairs so you can enter through the front.  Absolutely Chic is absolutely chic!!
2	I visited here a few months ago and totally forgot about writing a review.  In fact, I almost forgot about getting a massage here.  It really didn't impress me at all.First of all, the room was bright, which makes it hard to relax.  Secondly, the therapist started asking me questions about my personal life.  I don't like to talk other than to say that I'd like the pressure to change or that they are hurting me.  I'm not there to chat and make friends.  I'm there to relax.  Third of all, after I told her what I do for a living, she decided to insult my choice of doing what I do for a living for quite a long period of time.  It really sucks to lie naked on a table while someone judges you.  For reals.  Lastly, the massage was boring.  It was obvious she was just going through the motions and didn't really care.  Maybe she lost interest after she found out I work for a company she doesn't like.Although the price was nice, I'd rather spend more and go to a location with therapists that care about providing what their client is paying for.
5	So I haven't gone back, but I must give an update.  I have written reviews for places I did not have a good experience at and the owners and managers have contacted me trying to justify my bad experience.  I should come back because "they were having a bad day," "their location is similar to the other options nearby," or "maybe I don't know what good taste is," etc.  After writing my non-glowing review, I was contacted by the owner of this salon, Kristen.  I expected to get the same kind of response as we all have before, but I didn't.  Before I could get the chance to email her back, she found my phone number in her database and called me asking me to let me know the specifics so that she could be aware of any way she can improve her business.  It's refreshing to know this website is used by business owners in a constructive way.After explaining the specifics, she apologized, promised to work with her employees on improving their customer service skills and invited me back to try a massage with another therapist and try a facial as well.  I applaud Kristen for emabracing growth, feedback, and education about her business.  I work with small businesses everyday and know that many are opposed to change and will shut their ears to any type of negative feedback.  Based on the interactions I've had with Kristen, I'm certain that this spa will be constantly improving and will be a location worth visiting long into the future.  I recommend everyone try this day spa solely on the fact that it is being run by a very exceptional individual.
5	Massage. Just what I needed.
2	I had a SpaFinder gift card and through them I found this spa. I had a massage and a facial. The facial and Patricia deserve 4 stars. The massage and Desiree deserve 3.5 stars (just because it was more firm than I like). The spa deserves 1 star.What was good: The technicians were professional, well groomed, provided good service, were knowledgeable and they were not chatty. The beds and linens were clean, they had nice robes, and the bathroom was clean.What was not so good: The building was really bad - more like where you would find a shady accountant than a spa. The carpet is filthy in the lounge area and the massage room. The water provided isn't in little bottles, or even nice cups. It is in mouthwash sized dixie cups. It didn't have that spa smell, it had a slightly weird smell (maybe the old building?) I know their prices are slightly lower than competitors and that is probably due to not paying high rent. But overall this facility really seems too low rent for any business with the title "Spa".
4	Very nice place with many services. No showers or locker room facilities so you need to prepare in advance but once you get there the services are top quality. If you become a regular they discount. I would give them 5 stars for services but overall I cant since the facilities are limited. (no showers, steam, changing rooms)
2	I am a business owner who has been subject to clients whom feel the need to make up stories or trash me on yelp.  So when I write this I am writing to tell you about my time at Absolutely Chic Day Spa.  Although I was impressed by the size of the place I felt is was a bit of a strange set up.  I have to say first impression was I was scared to use the stairs to get to this place.  I am sure this owner is getting a great deal on their rent.  Or they should be.  The sign upon leaving I noticed that it said to use the elevator?  HU?  The stairs as you get to the top look like they might fall apart.The people I felt were VERY friendly.  However, I did not get the service that is listed on their website.  I think according to the outline for the service I bought with my groupon a few steps were missing.  Now being a business owner I can understand that it might be a little confusing.  But they have the steps on the website?The over all massage if you will, was nothing to write home about however, she did give me a nice neck and head massage. while I was wrapped up...I feel like she tried. But it really was not worth the money I paid on my groupon  let alone  if I would have paid full price.  Over all it was just kinda a weird set up and I doubt I will go back.I think they have spent  a lot of money on some really nice equipment and furniture but really should think about moving locations and getting some workers who are educated a bit more, and who take pride in the way they look. I understand they are there to work so scrub are more than fine, but she really looked unprofessional with no makeup (your a skin business) and hair just pulled back in a messy pony.  As far as the treatment I got. I don't see anything different and I asked if it would take more than just one session I was told no...  I see NOTHING.  I guess it was worth the short cat nap I took...
