1	VERY Unreliable!  I purchased 2 discount auto detailing packages for this company and read all the fine print for the package and the only thing it stated was that they required 48hour cancellation and that the discount pkg was not avail for full sized SUV's.  I made my appointment for my first vehicle.  When asked the details of the vehicle one of the questions was, what color was it.  When I told them black they told me that it requires an additional $25 charge.  When I tried to dispute it they were very rude on the phone and just said thats the way it is.  Then I made the appointment for my other car which was NOT black thank goodness.  1 week later when they were suppose to show up during their 1 hour window, no one showed!  I gave them a call and....... no answer. I left a message and finally someone called me back stating they were having car trouble and would get back to me within the hour.  1 hour later, no call. 2 hours later no call.  I called and of course no one answered so I left a message.  Do you think anyone called me back?  Of course NOT!  So thankfully I was able to call the company who sold me the discount packages and they refunded my money fully and apologized and told me they were going to not do business with this company anymore.  DO NOT TRUST this company!
1	First of all, good luck trying to get an appointment scheduled; not convenient - had to wait a week and a half to get an appointment.  Then NO CALL NO SHOW!  Did not return my phone calls; made no attempt to resolve or reschedule.
5	Mario was really great.  They were able to provide same day service and did an excellent job.  My car was in pretty rough shape with lots of kid messes on the fabric seats and he worked really hard all afternoon to make the seats as good as new.  The price was excellent.  They have pride in service and professionalism.
5	Purchased a mini-detail (and a regular wash for future use) for my daughter for her birthday and mothers day, she just called and was overjoyed with the results!!  She said it looks like a brand new car.  Scheduling was easy, they were very accomodating and wen't above and beyond on the inside of the car.  It took they guy an additional hour due to all the dog hair in the car with no additional charge and no complaining.  Mario and staff are wonderful and my daughter will continue to use there service as she is a stay at home mom with 2 little ones.  Nothing beats the convenience of MAD mobile detailing.
1	I actually took the advice of a friend and used them. I either need to pick better friends (probably not) or read reviews before making decisions like paying over $200 for auto detailing (most definitely). First let me note that after detailing my car they took off with my keys. I thought for sure I'd gotten them back and then left them somewhere. Even though that's not my style, it can happen. After looking everywhere for over an hour. Through my whole car, through my garage where I'd put stuff from my car, in my house, in the driveway, everywhere, I finally concluded that they'd actually taken off with my keys. WTF? I left a message for them after hours and was told they'd gotten the message at 8:30 a.m. Why then did I have to call (had to do this several times) THEM at 10:30 asking for them to bring me my keys? No clue. They finally brought them to me after finishing up the detail of another car. I confronted them about the keys and about the crappy job they did (more on that later) and they said 'Oh, sorry about your keys' and that they'd redo my car in a couple of weeks when they came back (I intended to keep them washing my car every two weeks - uh, never). That was it. This was after a tip, also. OF COURSE.Anyway...I was a little apprehensive about paying this much for detailing because the example my friend used was his own one year old car. My car I've had for 5 years and have moved cross-country in it a couple of times, etc. It's not a pristine, new car.  Also, a young adult, my son, was driving it. You guess what my car possibly looked like. Not dirty, per se, but dirt in the leather, carpets, etc. I have a dark blue car with light tan interior. I had never, ever had this car detailed. I made clear to them when I called them that my car was older and had never had a thorough cleaning (hence my call to them). I was willing to pay $200 for this. They told me it would take 2-2.5 hours (or possibly more), but you could tell they weren't spending anymore time than 2 hours on this before they had to get going to the next victim, I suppose. I looked the car over when it was done and began pulling napkins and other small trash that had fallen out from under the seat. I also had to have them come back and re-clean some areas that had totally not been touched. When they were gone I looked and the ashtray was still dirty (not from smoking, I don't smoke), the area under the emergency brake was filthy, the console area had only been opened to put my lost iPod in then left filthy. I was wiping dirt off of areas that were clear to me in the dark, why did they not see these in broad daylight? They do NOT pay attention to detail, even thought their job is detailing.Then, when the keys were returned, the woman actually had the audacity to say 'well, when we get cars in that condition...' Wait. My car is actually in great condition, but five years of wear and tear leaves marks. It should be easily handled by a $200 detailing. I think the sign of someone great at detailing cars is actually detailing them perfectly. Not missing huge chunks of the car because you're on tight schedule. But hey, that's me.Avoid.
5	MAD Mobile car wash is the best.  I'll definitely use them again.We are selling our '07 Yukon Denali XL, and wanted a full detail job to make it look sparkling new.  We called around and found these guys on Google. It was late afternoon when we called them, and they scheduled an appointment to come to us the next day.  The job they did was beautiful, and for the 3 1/2 hours they worked on the car, AT MY HOME, their fees were incredibly reasonable...and actually less expensive than some of the shops we called that I would have had to drive to.Inside and out, shampooing carpets, hard waxing the exterior, shining the tires and rims, conditioning the leather seats....they even popped the hood and washed the engine compartment.  We cannot BELIEVE the difference in how this car looks.  If all you want is a crappy car wash, go to Terribles, but if you are willing to spend just a little extra to treat your car like a member of your family. you need to call them.  We're having them come back in a few days to do a wash on my Mustang.  I can't wait.
5	Wow.. I forgot how my car was supposed to look until Mario and Amanda were done with it. Due to economic hard times I was barely able to make my car payments half the time, much less get a quality detail on it. Well, after finally getting a better job I was able to pay for a quality detail, instead of the basic details from a big name cleaner like Fab Freddy, or Terribles. Oh, was it ever worth it!! My car looks AMAZING!! I highly recommend these two. Yes, if you are in a rush they might not be the way to go. There is a reason for this. They are booked solid on some very big jobs that would not be trusted to people who rush through it. They take time and pay attention to details that others would not. If you want quality work, you cannot rush it. If you don't want quality work, go somewhere else. Clear some time from your schedule and give your car the care it needs, and call these guys. Thanks Mario and Amanda, Paul B.
5	Hands down best in Vegas!!. Been in Vegas for 7 years and I've tried nearly every detail shop and mobile detailing in town. I've trusted MAD w every car Ive had and theve been the best..BY FAR!! Always takes care of me and for over 3 years has never let me down. 100% recommend Mario! Best in town..try him & you'll never go wrong!!  Idk what that lady is talking about Ive used hil for years every other week..never a problem..she is CRAZY!  THIS GUYS THE BEST!!
5	I could not have been happier with MAD Auto Detail Service!  I recently purchased a Audi A6 that had been a smokers car.  I was looking for a service to detail the vehicle and remove the odor.  MAD arrived on time at 3:30 and began the process of cleaning, shampooing, and washing my vehicle.  Please note: I asked for the full detail treatment excluding the engine detail.  They took their time on the vehicle, even using a razor blade to rid some residue on the window and mirror. The process took over two and 1/2 hours and the best part is the smell is gone!!!  They used an ozone procedure and it was eliminated. I wish my car looked this good when I picked it up from the dealer!  I highly recommend MAD.
5	Once again awesome service..got my car looking new again! Hands down..Best in the west!!
5	Another awesome service done by the best guys in town!  For years they've been hooking it up for me and doing my cars..hands down the best!!!!! Thanks Mario!
5	I work M-F 6am-6pm so getting my bike detailed during the week is not really an option.  They scheduled my appointment for the next Saturday at a time that worked well with my schedule (2pm).They spent about 2hrs on my bike and it looks better than when I bought it 2 years ago.  Admittedly, it was used then but the guy who sold it to me had kept it pretty clean.They buffed out all of the minor scratches on the painted surfaces (Fuel Tank, Front and Rear Fenders).  The chrome looks great and there isn't a spot on any of the black surfaces.The best part was the crowd they drew as they were working on my Sportster.  Seriously, my neighbors broke out their lawn chairs and watched them turn my dirty bike into a masterpiece!
5	So I call up Mario on Thursday hoping to get my truck detailed while in Vegas for a week, but it happens to be the weekend before a huge expo, Conexpo, which I'm going to. Like the other places I called he tells me he's booked and doesn't have any openings for a week. We hang up and 2 minutes later he calls me back and asks what I need. I tell him my work truck needs detailed, first time in a year and has a few grease spots, he says he'll try and we play phone tag a few times and finally get it done on Wednesday while I walk around the expo. I gave him the code to my truck and showed up 4 hours after they started. Him and his wife did a great job all away around, got all the grease out of the seats, washed and waxed everything and detailed the motor. They did a great job with great attention to detail. Next time I'm in town I will use them again
5	I parked my new car too close to a pine tree and it got sap spattered all over it! Mario came to my house and got the whole car clean for a very reasonable price...far less than I was quoted else where. Thank you MAD!
5	It's interesting to read some of the old poor reviews--it's almost like they are reviewing a different Mad Detailing (especially the guy from Michigan).I have found that they have provided the best car wash/detailing I have ever had.  The attention to detail is fantastic.  This is not one of those mobile "detailing" and wash services you see around the valley where it's just a guy and a bucket coming out to wash.  MAD knows what they are doing and do it properly.  I've used others in LV and would not go back.They recently did a full paint correction and OptiCoat Pro on my car and it just looks amazing -- better than it did when I first picked it up.  Thanks!!
5	For months I agonized over where to take my new car for paint correction and Opti-Coat. I was very worried that I would pay an enormous amount of money and not be able to really see the difference. Boy was I wrong! For an almost brand new car I was amazed at how it seemed to glow after MAD was done with it. They didn't skimp on the time they spent making sure it was done right and it was definitely worth it. My only regret is that I didn't get it over there sooner. Now I plan on having them do the regular maintenance to keep it looking better than showroom clean. Their attention to customer satisfaction is something you rarely see today. I highly recommend them!
5	Is highly recommend MAD. Great work with Opticoat. They do great detail work, inside and out! Clearly Mobile Auto Detailing has a very high attention to detail. Easy to communicate, and coordinate schedules.
5	Highly recommend this team. Having OCD & being in the business of auto detail means you can count having a near perfect car!  I used them to completely detail an older SUV & it nearly looked new. I searched for anything that might have been missed & couldn't find a thing. 5 stars for this team & put them on my speed dial for next time.
5	MAD Auto detail did an amazing job on the OPTI Coat on my new Tesla. The service was amazing to scheduling me on short notice to picking up and returning the car to me. Really worked within my schedule. The results was flawless once I got the car back. I will be using them for all of my auto detailing needs.
