5	The staff is great!  Dr. Bui and Dr. Pham are thorough and fast.
5	This place is my go to spot to get my teeth feeling all so clean! The staff is friendly and the two doctors there are very professional. Dr.Glen and Cindy are super meticulous when they examine inside my mouth and observing my X-rays. Images of the X-rays are displayed on a computer monitor.  The dentists actually pinpoints the flaws in my teeth and gives me an explanation of their plan of action. I appreciate the patient education and their knowledge base. They are definitely experts at what they do!The office is spacious and high-tech. They have a couple dental hygienist to do the yearly cleanings, but the doctors come by right after to finish the exam and inspection. I just feel like I'm in good hands.I also love the reminder call the day before my appointment. The receptionist is willing to work with my busy school schedule and there are time slots that go to 6pm. They also open on some Saturday's. Honestly, this is the best dental clinic I've been to by far! :)
4	This place is awesome, they did a wonderful job cleaning my teethes and gives goood advices on how to take care of your teethes. I recommend going here to clean your teethes! Also, it is free to bleach your teeth too!
5	Dr Glen is great! He's been my dentist for years and is very friendly and professional!
4	I had a bad experience with one dentist who is ripping me off and had an incomplete root canal. Glad I have Dr. Glen to finish up the job. He is professional and honest.  Front desk lady Manny (i think) was very helpful in explaining the cost to me up front and honest. I feel like I won't be shock finding a bill from them unlike my previous dentist. Will definitely go here from now on
5	Another great visit in December.  The Dr. is wonderful and I am picky because for my first 34 years, my dad was a dentist and cleaned my teeth.  Highly recommend.  Very fair prices.
5	Dr. Bui and Ashley (Dental Hygienist) are great!Today was my first visit to Glendale Family Dentistry. It's been 3 years since my last dental checkup as the last practice I went to is now out of business...and I procrastinated, lol.  Dr. Bui's office is aesthetically pleasing and nicely laid out. Staff even took the time to show me around.  When I asked, they also took the time to outline what my out of pocket costs would be given my insurance plan so I'd have no surprises.Ashley was super friendly and thorough. My teeth feel so clean!  Dr. Bui took the extra time to address each filling. I could have opted to come back at a later date to get the fillings done, but I opted to take care of it all today. Two hours later, my teeth are ready for me to neglect for the next 3 years (just kidding, see above).I look forward to seeing Glendale Family Dentistry, Dr. Bui, and Ashley in the near future.  Thank you for such a great dental visit!
5	Dr Glen and his staff are awesome!  Caring and gentle!  He even remembers things that we talked about last year.  I am the daughter of a now retired dentist and I would give 10?stars if I could!
