5	I used to love IHOP and then I really hated going to IHOP.  I haven't tasted ihop for over two years, until one day my mom wanted to eat there.  I was completely against going, but she convinced me to go.  We went to this IHOP near our home and I was completely blown away how clean and refreshing the place looked.  I was just shocked! All the IHOP I have been going to looks dirty. Service (4.5): Our server was completely amazing and friendly.  He checked on us regularly and made some funny jokes.Food (4.5): Omg, the bacon does not look like it was microwaved. Whoa! My plate is full of food! Double whoa, the food tasted amazing and my waffle is so yummy and fluffy! I cannot believe this right now! -Usually all the food I have gotten at IHOP looked so unappetizing and everything look like it has been microwaved.  However, this location the food looked amazing and tasted great.  Overall (5):  The service was great and the food tasted the way I never expected IHOP's food to taste.  So i was very pleased and satisfied.   I am so happy it is walking distance from my house.
1	Terrible service, sirloin tips burnt the last time we came.. This time - we were unlucky to get the same server (Bianca). The first visit, she never checked up on us and when she gave the check.. We then said the sirloin was burnt& she had a blank expression on her face then walked away..of course she did not get a tip!The second visit( after a month ), we asked about the kids menu having free refills on drinks & she said soda only. We told her that the little sign said chocolate milk too.. She then responded with " I've been here a year & you dont get refills on that. She also told us that she will be getting another server for us??This server has evident service issues!!The servers name is Bianca and she was very rude & obviously hated her job.. She should never be in a customer facing position, it would benefit any company more to put this type of terrible personnel, more back of the house. As a patron, we come to different ihop locations & this is the worse one. We spoke to Bernadette the manager, we did not feel that she did anything immediate to satisfy our complaint so we asked for her boss's number because we were treated horribly by Bianca& she needs to go! The manager did however ended up being the one to just serve us and was very pleasant with another server ( soleil or something )We were here to relax, enjoy our saturday morning & have a nice family breakfast not experience all this non sende
1	This place is a train wreck. We waited at least 10 minutes (maybe 15) for a server to come to our table.  Finally I got out of our booth and flagged him down. His name is Lance and he is without a doubt one of the most obnoxious jerks I have ever come across. When I complained about the wait he essentially said that they were short handed and if I didn't like it we should leave. Naturally I walk to the front and asked for the manager. I was told by the hostess that she wasn't there (big surprise). She did give me her card.  I called and left a message but no return call. I will never go to any IHOP ever again. Absolutely pathetic.
5	Great
2	The waiter was great but he just could not do it all MR IHOP YOU had one server working the entire floor and one bus guy/ cashier Ordered The chicken dinner mashed potatoes....oops sorry we're out of mashed potatoes!!!!   They brought me fries instead. We asked form sugar free syrup....oops....OUT of sugar free syrup Mr IHOP My omelet was good .....Just want you to know how you are doing.
1	It's been a while since I've visited an ihop -while I do often go to other breakfast type restaurants. I've been to this location twice. This time was worse than the last. Didn't think that was possible. We walked in and the benches were full. Stood for a solid 5 minutes before the 6th waitress who looked over decided to come by to seat us. As it turned out, everyone was busy conducting interviews which is why the front was full.. So we sat, with menus and waited.. And waited... Crickets... Although 3 tables had customers, they too seemed abandoned.  Finally the waitress came apologetic and took our entire order. She said she simply didn't know we were there. In the middle of the restaurant. I can't say I expect anything spectacular from ihop so I won't get into the food. After we ate, I received the bill and gave the waitress my card. She returned with my receipts thanked us and left. While I was filling out the tip and signing I didn't realize she had returned within 60 seconds to watch and told me she needed to collect the receipt ASAP -huh? Umm ok. That was a first! It was the middle of the afternoon. They're open till 9? What's the rush? The only reason I went was because I had a coupon. I think that's really the only reason anyone goes... Bad/no service and mediocre food.
