1	If i could give less than one star I would!!! God help you if they file any information you give them it will only seem to get lost, and they will deny up and down ever getting it!! I could handle paying 650 for four driving courses, what I couldn't handle was them coming a day in advance while I was at work, did they some how think i would drive using telekinesis??? No they called my phone a thousand times supposably!! The problem with that i had changed that number a week after i scheduled my appointment and while i called the day i had received my new number so they could list it for future use they decide it against listing it, when i called about the confused date they denied it up and down saying i had scheduled that day and gave no number apparently i had scheduled the drive only to sit at work and have them do a scavenger hunt, so now i have to pay a fee of 50 dollar to schedule a new drive all because they didn't feel the need to write down a simple number. You would think with customers paying 650 they would be a little more attentive apparently they stop caring once they receive that check.
5	This is the 2nd time we have used the Institute for Drivers Safety and we couldn't be more pleased!  Both our girls loved the classroom experience, even though it was a long 6 hours. They passed their permit test right after where as most kids that did not take the classroom part failed at least the 1st and/or their second/third time. The driving portion (we did 2, 3 hour sessions for each) was also enjoyable and it gave them great confidence on the road. The instructors are past police officers, love kids and do everything to make it enjoyable. They truly do it to bring safety to our young teens on the road. I also want to say that Dianna at the front desk is awesome. We had an issue with my daughter being sick and so we were hoping to switch times with someone else.  She did everything in her power to help us out. She made phone calls and was able to find a switch without a penalty. Not often do I find a company that is so accommodating. If you have a teen that is learning to drive, don't hesitate, call the Institute For Drivers Safety!
5	I had both my daughters take this course and it was amazing...  They took them down town, to the airport, on all the main freeways, helped save a lot of time sitting at DMV...  All the gentlemen that taught my daughters were Police men, who better to learn from?   They taught both my girls well, thank you...
