5	Very nice place. Coffee is excellent and service is the same! Very clean and well kept. Nice view and a great place to meet friends or business associates. Serves lunch and breakfast items. I recommend to anyone wanting a nice place to enjoy a great cup of coffee.Carolyn Vanzlow
5	If you love coffee and enjoy great service and a friendly environment, then Avery's Coffee should be a daily stop. Breakfast or lunch, this establishment is obviously geared toward the customer experience. I highly recommend stopping in to check it out
5	clean and great service!! a must return for me!!
5	Avery's Coffee is a great place to meet to have a very good cup of coffee. Sherman and Linda give you that personal service that we all want, and their iced coffee is great! If you want a muffin they have a great selection of muffins also.
4	I've decided this is my new work home away from home. Was referred by an interior designer at World Market Center and turns out it's right around the corner from where I live now which makes it super convenient. If I wasn't lazy, I might actually walk here and get some exercise! LOLVery pleasant surroundings and nice coffee selection. Minimal sweets due to their desire to stay focused on coffee, but the prices are quite reasonable compared to Sambalatte, another neighborhood favorite. This is currently a secret having just opened, so don't tell too many people because I like having the run of where I sit and plugs to plug into. Just teasing.:)Expect music on the weekends coming soon. They play jazz and la la music which is relaxing. If you don't like it, there's always headphones...
5	Great place for a  light date, business or personal. Coffee is great, sandwiches are marvy too. . Prices are reasonable. Maybe a greater pleasure is the welcome, from owners Sherman and Linda  to other customers,  one feels quite at home at Avery's.  And if you happen to show up during one of their in-shop events it makes a date better still.  This place is a DW Fav!
5	Prices so reasonable. Owners very friendly. Made feel like a VIP. Didn't charge extra for soy milk like most places do. I like supporting local businesses and this place is definitely something to check out. Oh and wifi so fast. They didn't complain I was here for hours.
5	What i like best about this place is the people who run it!  Sherman and Linda Ray have created a warm and friendly place to grab a cup of coffee, enjoy a delicious muffin or a nice retreat for lunch with a gourmet sandwich.  Fresh, affordable, nice menu, and killer customer service, too!  Great place to do meet a client, friend, or just a place to give yourself time to sit and savor the coffee!
5	Avery's coffee is a family run coffee spot in Village Square that is an absolute gem. First Village Sqaure is awesome because its easier to get in and out of then the other popular shopping center just north of it.Avery's is awesome as the owners are the operator's and no one gives the type of customer service and care than an owner gives. They have a nice selection of coffee, outstanding chocolate muffins and power strips everywhere so its a great spot to have as your road office.I enjoy this place because its laid back, quaint and the owners make it a point to get to know you. I encourage everyone to stop for a cup and stay for pleasure of having a nice place to enjoy your cup of coffee.
5	Walked over to patty's closet next door and noticed a new coffee shop had gone up. I decided to stop in and got a soy chai and added vanilla to it, best damn chai I've ever had!!! Awesome little Spot and will defiantly be back So glad it's next to my place
5	Its cold. Its wet. Its Vegas? Well I can tell you were its nice and warm...Avery's Coffee! The Jazz is smooth, the patrons are lively and coffee is flowing! Avery's is a great coffee house for pondering your life (which I do often since I am building the Orangetheory Fitness in Village Sqaure), having a nice conversation between friends (like the two lovely ladies sitting next to me), sharing time with your significant other (like the couple in front of me) or just chatting with the owners. I really enjoy Avery's and I think they are an incredible addition to Village Square as well as to my waistline if I keep eating the incredible muffins or any of the other sweet treats they have in their show case. I haven't tried one of their famous paninis yet but I've seen several people eating them and they look awesome. Next visit I will try the panini!
4	I did not have any coffee on my first visit, so I will not speak of that.  However, the tea I had was FANTASTIC.  I sampled the almond cookie tea and it was delicious.  The aroma was exactly that of baked almond cookies.  Yum.  Steeping time was about 10 minutes and worth the wait.  The owner said that he orders this tea -- the most popular he sells -- from a local tea blender.  Awesome.  The interior is relatively spartan, the walls more bare than covered with artwork, but the place is clean and the owner super nice.  I was a little surprised at how few baked goods were offered, but perhaps that is a result of wanting to focus on the hot drinks?  In any case, Avery's is a nice addition to the developing Village Square retail complex.
5	Went here after reading all the great reviews. Avery's does not disappoint. There is plenty of seating both inside and outside. It was nice a toasty inside (thank you for not skimping on the heat) and the homey vibe was accompanied by some nice relaxing music.I ordered their Masala Chai as a tea latte with soy milk. It was delicious! No powered processed crap! Their tea selection was really original and so good! I will have to come back to try their coffee and food. The owners were so nice and didn't mind that my friend and I hung out in their shop for over 2 hours! It was such a nice vibe that we just took our time. Avery's is a great place for a date, lunch, or a haven from this cold weather we've been having!
5	Excellent tea tasting lecture. I was so inspired that I purchased the loose almond cookie tea. It tasted better and better the more it steeped. At the end of the day, it was so flavorful. If you enjoy chai tea, you will enjoy Avery's "Almond Cookie.". Service was great. The staff was very attentive. The dishes and flatware were sparkling clean and excellent quality.
5	Saturday morning is a great time to swing into Avery's. Great vibe, very friendly, fantastic coffee and a wonderful bunch that run the place. 5 stars... not one complaint. Will definitely be back!
3	Stumbled on this little coffee house located in Regal Village Square. It's a nice little place with, who I assume are the owners, working the coffee bar. Super friendly and seem to really know their patrons. I'm generally a Starbucks kind of girl (mostly because they are everywhere and because, after years and years of patronizing  SB on the daily, I am  hooked. I digress...). The house coffee here is really good. Very smooth, not bitter at all, as SB tends to be. May not be strong enough for some but if you like your coffee on the mild, smooth side, Avery's Coffee is the place to go. The place has a stay as long as you want vibe.  Even has board games which you can gran and play (kids played a game of checkers).The only downside is they don't have a large selection of food. The kids shared a chocolate chip muffin and really liked it, but the selection was really limited and I'd be willing to bet the food items, at least  the baked goods, are store-bought and resold. If you want a good cup of coffee, try Avery's.
2	Nice people and service but is not made for real coffee drinkers.I believe that a good coffee is a perfect combination of taste and look none of witch can be found here if u are in this aria and you feel like coffee I will suggest Sambalatte or Caffe Leone
5	Great new coffee shop! The owners are extremely nice. Hope they continue to have a successful business!  Baked goods are delicious!
5	Please go to this coffee shop. You will not regret it. If this coffee shop were near my home I would be here all the time for their hazelnut cafe latte because it was the best hazelnut latte I have ever had hands down. I mean, what is there to a hazelnut latte really? BUT. Avery's is kllin' it!My friend and I stopped here after lunch to grab some liquid energy for the rest of our day. It is a pleasant little spot with congenial owners working the register and doubling up as the barista of the day. Service was paramount with suggestions and they happily accepted my Yelp deal that is being offered when you check in.I wish so much this cafe was on my side of town. They would get ALL my coffee-needed business!
3	Coffee is okay. Not great. Muffin was okay. Not great. Staff was extremely nice. The only reason to visit this place again would be to support the owner. I'll probably return for that reason. If I want great coffee, I'll go to Sambalatte.
4	Stopped by Village Square this weekend and found this little coffe shop.The owners were really nice and cappuccino was good, but not great. I believe if they turn their focus on coffee quality and pay more attention to better furnishing for chairs and tables, this place has a potential to be "the one".
1	My wife and I decided to be adventurous, so we stopped at Avery's.  I ordered a hot mocha and my wife ordered a small coffee.  Sadly, asking for an extra hot mocha, resulting in a lukewarm mocha.  And my wife's small coffee tasted like water and also was lukewarm.  Sending it back, they replied, "O we don't roast our coffee beans, we soak them.  We shook our heads knowing the best way is always Roasted!  So we will not be returning.
5	This place is amazing. The owners are great! The coffee is unbelievable. The prices are about the same as Starbucks by the quality is much better. The setting is awesome! The wonderful author and publisher DW Grant has author night there on Thursdays at six! Friday night there is an live music! Come check it out everyone! Make sure to get the $10 voucher for 50% off! Have fun!
5	Our favorite local coffee spot!  The flat white is my husband's favorite, and I always enjoy the vanilla latte.  (Fat-free, of course...). Great, friendly service with a smile.  We will pass the big guys and pick Avery's every time!
2	CLOSED ON SUNDAY!!!   Coffee good     Owners very nice.
5	Amazing coffee!
5	I sat outside about 6pm and had a good cup of coffee and an amazing sandwich. nice place to hang out.
5	Love this little place. I'm new in town but feel at home at Avery's. You can find me there "working from home". And they pamper my dog each time too. Great treats and coffee.
5	Superb coffee with lots book lovers' browsing material.  Ask the barista to give you a tour of the  brand new roasting machine named Sheila.  She is beautiful.
4	I always enjoy my time speaking with Sherman at Averys Coffee. It's a pleasure to see his shop grow, hear about his vision and passion.  In the short time I haver been in the Valley I have learned that it is the vision and passion of the independent establishments that makes Vegas a gem that shines well beyond the Strip.
5	Friendly staff and they now roast coffee beans on site, which are then used in their brews as well as bagged and sold.  There are a variety of food and dessert options, and there are usually some new dessert options every few weeks.  Yum!
4	We found this place right after eating at Bachi burger and I loved it! The lady who took our order and made our drink was beyond nice. Super cute place highly recommended.
5	Nice joint!  I enjoyed some ice tea, a lemon zest treat and some macaroons.  All were tasty.  Give it a try!
5	Yelp 100 ** Review. Go and seek this place out.. I wanted to hate this being and living in the northwest for 3-4 years and thought our coffee shops where amazing. However I just tried them today as part as my yelp 100 review. Bob m Sandwich - turkey,lett, tom, onion on a really good bun Negril Panini -- probably my fav I like toasted bread. Orange cream soda was really good. Chocolate Moose dessert - This thing is amazing !! A must this alone with a strong cup of coffee is worth the visit. also picked up a lemon tort to take home. I lived in Seattle like I have mentioned this is pretty close to shops I would go to will be back. !
3	I was in the mood for a good sandwich and saw the "gourmet sandwiches" on there sign.  The only thing "gourmet" about my Jamaican sandwich is the price. What makes it Jamaican you ask? So do I, it's a ham sandwich with your choice of ingredients. I'll give three stars as the ingredients were fresh but the sandwich was very generic other than that. To add to it My iced coffee, black, looked more like an iced tea and tasted watered down. Other than that it was a nice coffee shop with a friendly staff.
5	Love this place. Really good coffee and sandwiches. They give awesome customer service and really care about their customers. I come here because I go to school in the same plaza and they always give us a school discount. Really recommend coming here!
5	This place has a great atmosphere! The staff is wonderful! I got an iced vanilla coffee to go and it was made to perfection! You have to go here!
4	Friendly staff and they really know their coffee.  Great coffee in a fun environment!
4	I have visited this location once so far, and I really appreciated the attentiveness of the owners to their customers. I am always looking to support local non-chain business owners, and this is a great coffee spot! Thank you for providing a unique location with excellent service. I look forward to trying the many in-house roasted coffees.
4	I've been to this place three times for now.  First time was actually a disappointment. The iced coffee tasted like water. But that was the panini which brought me back. I ordered turkey panini for the first time and the second time I got ham. They both tasted good and with fresh veggie ingredients. The second and third I came back,  iced coffee actually  tasted smooth and definitely  was better than the first time. They need some consistency in their coffee I think. The place is small but cozy.  Tables are too close  to each other, but since they haven't had many customers for now,  it's not a problem. Desserts look delicious. They also have beans and used books for sale here. Overall,  I like this place more and more every time I come.  If only they had a drive through,  I would give up Starbucks completely.
5	I've gotten tired of chain coffee shops and impersonal service. The weather was really lovely today so my daughter and I took a mile walk down to village square and popped into Avery's. All the coffee is roasted on site (& it smells AWESOME), a great selection of loose leaf teas are available, as well as bottled water, juice, pastries and lunch items.Linda was so kind to walk me through all the teas she has available (my MiL is an avid tea drinker) and explain proper storage on how to keep them fresh for up to a year.They offer non-dairy alternatives soy AND almond milk (which is huge for those of us avoiding soy) and offered to top off my coffee.She was so kind to my toddler, who can be a bit rambunctious at times, and we enjoyed our visit.Next time I will sit out on the patio since the weather is so gorgeous, and bring friends! We WILL be back.
5	This is a super cute mom and pop coffee shop! Please support them! Not too many like this here in Vegas.
5	Me and my little sister searched for cafe's in this area. Quite honestly we were tired of the hastle with drive thru and large volumes in both coffee bean and Starbucks and this cafe was so relaxing and had comfy places to sit and books to read. The caramel FRAP was amazing and as well as the ham panini! Customer service was nice and we will definitely be coming back! Thanks Avery's!
4	Both the coffee and the derive have been excellent. I've ordered the "mystery blend" each time I've been there so far. They don't want to name it "house blend" since that's too boring and instead have elected to have a naming contest. They have outdoor seating and a few book shelves to comb over, though the music inside has generally been too loud to let me read. Depending on who takes your order you may be informed of the ability to leave a tip, which rubs me the wrong way when I'm getting a plain coffee. If I get something complicated and you make it well, no problem. That's been the only thing I haven't liked. Other than that I really like coming here!
3	Very nice people. Its a small coffee shop with a warm atmosphere. The coffee was pretty weak. It tasted like hot water. I just had a drip coffee so I can't speak for the specialty coffees.
4	I REALLY liked Avery's Coffee. I went in there for the first time this week after having bookmarked it ages ago, and I have to say I wasn't disappointed. Reasons that I will be back are as follows:1) Good cup of coffee at a reasonable price. They don't price gauge, and the mystery blend I had really grew on me. First I thought it was too smooth and weak, then the more I drank it, the more I realized this smoothness thing was wonderful. I really ended up enjoying it, and can't wait for another cup.2)The fact that this is a small mom and pop shop run by some locals is a big draw for me, and I have to say the woman that helped me was really wonderful. She was personable and helpful, and brought my pastry over to me all warmed up. It just felt cozy and nice, and I appreciated that.3)They have an iPad for checkout. This is something small and mostly people don't care about this kind of thing, but the fact that a small local business is this comfortable with investing in new technology just shows me that they know what they're doing and they're willing to take positive chances. I even left a tip because hey, it's just a few taps on a screen, and why not support their low prices?4) It was a nice, clean, and cute atmosphere. Definitely someplace I could see myself hanging out in and doing some work. Great local place, and because it isn't a chain, I don't really see myself going back to a Starbucks or Coffee Bean. I'd rather support the great coffee makers at Averys, and help a local business thrive while I enjoy my coffee experience!
5	It's rare to see a coffee shop in this city that has the feel of being in the comfort of your own home and it's even rarer for me to write a review on Yelp about it. Avery's Coffee is THE neighborhood coffee shop that many of us have longed for here in Las Vegas, especially in the Lakes/Summerlin area. If you're seeking mass produced frilly drinks from chain shops and/or have a desire to be treated disrespectfully by aloof, condescending baristas who manage to mess up your order, you won't find it at Avery's because the staff, consisting of Linda, Sherman and Keisha, are not only knowledgable about the drinks they serve, but they do it with top notch customer service every time. They are the epitome of small businesses and it shows in the quality fare they provide. The coffee is roasted fresh and the sandwiches, ranging from the Breakfast Panini to the Bob M. are delicious and prepared to order. Prices are reasonable. The atmosphere is very relaxing and quiet most of the time so if you're looking for a place to get some work/studying done, there is no better place than Avery's. If you find yourself in the neighborhood, stop by and give Avery's a try.
