5	I've read the previous reviews and decided to try it anyways, because it's close to our house and my husband Dan and I are huge Chicago Bears fans. I went tonight with my husband and one of my boys. As soon as we walked in the restaurant area, we were immediately welcomed. Both owners were there and very friendly with my husband and I . I ordered the Italian beef and it was fabulous! My husband ordered the chicken parmigiana and a Chicago hot-dog, it was absolutely delicious. My son ordered the Italian beef and gave it a 10 rating. Through out our meal, Mike one of the owners was very attentive and gave us samples of different menu items, which were excellent. We will definitely be back to try the Chicago stuff pizza and watch Chicago Bears games. Mike thank you for a warm and friendly local place we can go and eat, drink and enjoy!!!
5	Decided to try this place with a friend who live near by. I saw a Groupon Deal so I bought two. It looks good. This place is about 35 miles away from where I live, but good food is always a far. When I first arrived there,  no one was there to greet me. But to be fair, I got to the place when it first opened at 11am on the restaurant side. The place it self is a 24 hour joint called Town Center Lounge (TCL). Had the salad which was made fresh and all Romaine Lettuce. There Pizza is good, better than average places and packed with cheese. But the offer dose not include toppings but it was little to added on. Would I come back, in deed if 'm in this area. The manager came out and talked to us. I asked him about the Gyro's, He gave a little sample of the meat. OMG! They should promote Gyro's instead of the pizza! It's probably the best meat that I ever tasted. I'm willing to drive 35 miles just to eat a Gyro! I've been at 4 other places that serves gyro's, this place takes the cake, even better than Mad Greek or Gyro Time.To top it off, the manager gave us a discount reward card to use if we ever return to this place.
1	Its a shame I have to give such a bad review, the food was great but the service horrible, that place is dirty. No one at the door to greet me, I had to wait 10 min. for the bartender to finish serving drinks before she could get someone to seat us, then she gave us this attitude like i was disturbing her from king her job. You could write your name on the dust on the shutters and the cigarette smoke smell just makes you think your eating in an ashtray.A little hard to locate also. Sorry but I can't go back and it kills me since I am a chicago native and miss the food.
4	We had dinner here with friends.  One had pizza, which was good, and three of us had gyros plates with Greek salad, which were great.  Very tasty, generous portion, and plenty of Tzatziki sauce.  The only downside was feta cheese, which I think is standard in a Greek salad, was extra.  Service was good in spite of our waitress inexperience (3 days on the job).  The manager stopped early during our visit, and the owner, Mike, chatted with us at the end of the meal and offered free samples of dishes we did not have.  Service was well above average.  The atmosphere was pleasant and the prices were reasonable.  This place is much more than a pizza joint.
5	What a strange place it is.  I may have missed it completely had it not been for the Groupon purchase.   It's a bar on the right, and a restaurant on the left.  The front of the building did not say Taste of Chi-town, but something like Town Center.   So look for the address and not the sign.  As we came in, it is a bit confusing with the bar and restaurant.  We probably looked lost.   We were quickly greeted by the owner, Mike, who looks like the Godfather and a Cook in one.   He was extremely friendly and was glad we decided to try the restaurant.   Mike said he was from Chicago and he missed the food and the people, and now with his restaurant he gets to see both.   We split a Joe's Spicy Italian Sandwich while we waiting for our pizza to be cooked.   Mike warned that the Chicago-style deep dish would take 35 minutes or so, but it was worth the wait.  The sandwich was incredible.   Very tasty and spicy.   I loved it.   Mike also gave us some complimentary fries which were delicious.   They had a mixture of lemon and feta.   Then the deep dish pizza came.  I could hear angles as the pizza was slowly placed on our table.   We decided to go with the sausage, green pepper, onion, and mushroom.   It was amazingly delicious.   The crust was crunchy and tasted much better than the usual crust.   Mike revealed that he uses corn meal for the crust and it definitely makes a difference.   It was equal or better than the pizza I had at Uno's in Chicago.    The sauce was amazing, the cheese tasted like fresh cheese and the ingredients also tasted crunchy and not frozen.   I would say Mike takes pride in his food and it shows.   I really enjoyed this place and would recommended it.   You do have to be patient because orders also come in from the bar area and the pizza takes a while to cook.   However, there are multiple televisions to entertain while you wait.   If you like Chicago food, you need to try this place.   It is a bit hard to find and a bit out of the way, but when you get there and eat that sandwich and/or the pizza, you will be glad you found it.   I will return.  Soon.   By the way, we had some pizza leftovers and because of the corn meal, when we stuck it in the oven, it came out fresh and crunchy.   WAY TO GO MIKE !!!!!!!
5	Great people, great food.  It is hard to find but worth it.  Hidden inside Town Center bar, you will find the best Italian beef sandwich in La's Vegas.  It is truly authentic Chicago style pizza.  All the ingredients are fresh and you can taste the difference from every other place.  If you want the taste of Chicago, this is the bast place I have found.
1	Service SUCKS. They're nice enough, but you'll literally seat yourself. And then no one will serve you. The place feels like someone just wanted to open a restaurant, but had no idea how to run an actual restaurant. The place reeks of smoke. The food is decent. But I will not be coming back. The Groupon convinced me to go. I can't say enough bad things about the service. The lady was nice, but she seemed to be running the entire restaurant, including the bar, and had absolutely no time for our table. AND, half the place is a sports bar. So it's really loud. Not a family or date place at all. Good for pizza and beer with the guys. That's it.
5	Great service, great food, awesome place to watch the Bears! I had the Greek salad and a slice of deep dish. The crust wasn't as flavorful as i usually like, but the sauce made up for it.
3	Where to begin?  This is a place that can't even make up its mind as to what it wants to be called.  Even when our Onstar GPS said we had arrived at our destination, we couldn't immediately find the restaurant.  Neither "Taste" nor "Chi-Town Eatery" were displayed on any building or door.  The only name visible from the parking lot was "Town Center Lounge."  We first saw the name on menus.Service was fine in a spartan room off a bar, and food was fine, too, if unremarkable.  Mozzarella Sticks were good and gooey.  A House Salad with a rather ordinary Italian Dressing was okay.  Sausage Pizza Puffs tasted like Hot Pockets, with a spicy backbite left on the lips.  Garlic Bread was good.  And so was a bland Classic Gyro, with some crunchy, well done beef and lamb.  A Chicago Dog with really hot sport peppers and a slightly overtoasted bun was just okay.There are too many other better Chicago Dogs in the Vegas valley.  And, for me, adequate dishes are just not good enough.  I am looking for 4- and 5-star dining experiences!  So I won't be back.
3	I had the chance to try their Chicago pizza and it was pretty good. their facility is divided into two:  A dining area and a sports bar.  Our server was friendly however, the restaurant looks under staff as he seem overwhelmed running around the restaurant. In general I will give them a 6 or 7 for their overall experience. service: Hit or missprep time:  15 minAtmosphere:  loud/ bar worst thing: cigarette smellBest Thing:  pepperoni pizza.
5	The best Chicago beef and Chicago pizza I've had in Las Vegas so far. I'm not sure about the low reviews. The service was good and the owner was really nice. I can't say enough how great the food is. Even the Greek items are wonderful. If the sports bar bothers anyone they can always order the food as take out. People should really give this wonderful place a try and a chance.
3	Ok, small rant coming up...brace yourself.Let's start off with the pizza....this is why you are looking this place up right?  This is the reason why you get 3 stars guys....if the pizza wasn't good here, this would be an easy ONE star joint.The pizza is amazingly tasty.  The crust is super flavorful and soft.  The sauce is awesome and tastes great.  There is a thick layer of melted cheese that hides under all that sauce.  Very good Chicago style pizza...best I have tried so far.  The pizza is an easy 4.5-5/5 in my book...from end to end.  It barely fits inside the pizza box, which is a good sign.But there are many more negatives to this place that outweigh the good...First off all, the place is a bar, and smells like a bar.  Not a huge deal for me personally, but I would not bring my baby boy here to eat.  I had to go to the bar to get my takeout, since the "restaurant" side had nobody there...nobody to greet in front.  Again, since it is a bar, it's not a big deal to me, but if you come here expecting Metro Pizza/ Grimaldis, think again.The sauce on top is not very aesthetically pleasing to the eye....I felt weird about taking the pic to show my friends, and realized that without eating it, it wouldn't look very yummy.  Not important to me, but some people eat with their eyes.  And because the sauce is all on top, the drive home (takeout) made the entire pizza's sauce slide to one side....I had to "paint" it all back on to eat it. It is also pretty expensive.  I ordered a small with 2 toppings, and after tax, it was a $20 bill.  Take everything I just said negatively, and then you can see why I feel as though it is overpriced.Last thing....I ordered fresh garlic and pepperoni.  The garlic is most likely minced....can't really see it there, but you can taste it.  But the pepperoni wasn't there!  I am a dumbass and presumed that it was hiding under all that cheese and sauce, but after biting into it, there was no pep. (I didn't bother calling in to complain)  There was NO one at the restaurant, and I guarantee there was NO one else calling in an order at the time, so how can you get my order wrong?  How can you forget the main topping to my pizza??The sad thing is, the pizza was so good, that I can still see myself ordering to go again, just triple checking my order before I leave.
1	Groupon brought us in. Deep dish pizza try outs! What a waste of time.Ordered the deepdish and was told it would take about 45 minutes. Ok. Well they do have to cook it. So we have a salad brought to the table and it is easily the worst looking salad ever brought to a table. The lettuce had brown on 80% of the pieces and it was incredibly wet! Wet from water. As we try eating it the waiter comes over and wants to know how we like it(salad). Before I can say anyhting he informs us with the biggest smile ever that he indeed made it himself. Almost like he wanted us to thank him for his crummy effort at making a salad. Then they bring us out 4 very small pieces of garlic bread. Think walmart style garlic bread sliced in 2 inch pieces. It looks weird and not like something that should come out of a Chicago style pizza place. Finally after a long and awful wait the pizza is brought to the table. This waiter must be related to the owner because he beems as if this is a golden world class pie he just put on our table. As he hovers over us I dish out the pieces of pizza to my waiting and famished family. I tell the waiter we dont need anything and he finally leaves. First bite of long anticipated deep dish pizza= FLOP! How in the hell is this pizza not even hot?!!! Damn this sucks!!! Between the crummy salad and the cheap ass garlic bread I was hoping this pizza would save this dinner out. Nope! Fail! on so many levels. I will never return to this place, and I would NEVER recommend it!
1	VERY BAD PIZZA!  Take-out deep dish "Chicago-style" pizza:  Crust not authentic, not buttery, crunchy and delicious like Chicago's Pizza Uno.  Toppings not fresh but from a can, yuck!  Too much bland mozzarella cheese rather than creamy blend.  Sauce was bitter, also canned rather than homemade, it should have been sweet and fragrant like Uno's.  A small pie with 4 toppings cost us $20.  Uno left Las Vegas a few years ago, we will keep searching for authentic Chicago deep dish pie.
5	Where do I began.  I guess with the location although not the easiest place to get too it isn't the hardest either. With some awesome pictures and lots of TVs the sports fan is not forgotten in this place.        We where greeted almost instantly by our server we ordered a pizza puf. since I was a kid and i am a big one now that has been one of my joys a greasy puff pastry that is filled withsausage sauce and some spices p. I have looked in many places but had yet to find the real deal.  It was there quickly and although not as greasy as I had hoped it was the real deal pizza puff.         Next our sandwiches and hot dogs. Italian beef was very tasty au jus that went with was flavorful. Chicago style dog tasty and pretty authentic. Chicken and lamb gyro were awesome the sauce was very well balanced and full of flavors.         My only complaint was I was too full and couldn't order dessert. Thank you for making a big kid happy see you soon.
4	This place was really smoky which I hate, especially when I am eating. But, the pizza is remarkably good, especially for Vegas!
2	I placed an order for delivery, but received a call back twenty minutes later informing me the delivery guy never showed up for work, but as I was about to give them a piece of my mind, I was told he 'just showed up'. It turned out the delivery guy never did show up. The owner made the delivery, what a nice guy (the reason for the two stars). I ordered two large thin crust pizzas, one pepperoni, one sausage. They were both VERY salty. I had high hopes, especially knowing the owner's from Chicago. And so the search continues for a decent pizza on this side of town.
5	Mike's great food, service and enviorment make this a wonderful spot regardless if Chicago sports are your thing...........One couldn't ask for a more engaging host or  better food!   I would highly recommend it to anyone.
5	Fantastic food!! They have everything! From Cheese Fries to Gyros! Amazing place. Very nice inside, service is wonderful! I take my family there and they love the food!
5	out of bussiness    best chicago pizza in las vegas.thin crust will knock your socks off!!me and my wife have ordered close to 30 pizzas here.when we want pizza this is the only place we go for $14.00 for a large thin crust sausage pizza nobody in vegas can touch it.we're both chicago natives and are fanatics on pizza.this is the place.other reviews I just read talking bad about the pizza got to be nuts or don't know chicago pizza?their italian beef and sausage sandwiches are some of the best.sausage sandwich comes with red sauce on it only place ever had that was in chicago.people if you crave chicago food this is the place
