4	The Clubhouse is a great place to see a show - end of story.One star for traffic flow.One star for a functional, circular bar that's accessible by nearly all of its 360 degrees.One star for being an 18 and older club that also serves booze.One star for giving great bands a fun, accomodating, and electric place to play.Additionally, the merchandise table is fairly easy to get to and the stage is intimate yet still elevated enough so that even my shorter friends can still typically find a decent spot to see the action.The only downfall is that the ventilation seems to be poor - but that's what happens when you pack hundreds of sweaty bodies under one roof...  Its part of the experience, right?All in all - great place.
2	i have only really ever had one good experience here. if you are over 21 and plan on drinking, don't plan on watching the band that is playing. the bar is located in the middle of the room which makes watching the show insanely difficult. the sound has potential to be good, but usually isn't. however, a lot of my favorite bands have played awesome shows here, so i will continue to attend.
1	UPDATE - if you haven't heard, this place is now closed for business.  The Clubhouse is hands down the WORST music venue in Arizona!  It is such a shame that some of the best groups book through here...I'm trying to figure out how The Clubhouse gets them in the door in the first place!  I have literally skipped seeing bands that I love simply because they play here.  Every time I cave and get a ticket for a band I think I can't miss I am beyond disappointed each time.  The sound is horrible as they have the bar located in the middle of the place so if you stand behind it to drink while you watch the show, forget about hearing what the artists might be saying because all you hear are mumbled words.  Not to mention if you are standing there trying to listen to the music all you truly here is the audience talking!!  You have to stand dead center in front of the bar and stage in order to really enjoy the music.  But here it is in the dead of summer and you'd think they would have an air conditioning system that actually worked?!  OH NO, it is a sauna in there and you are stuck in between hundreds of people all crammed in to this small space, sweating, smelling and sticking to the floor because it's like they never clean it!  The bar service is horrible to boot and way too expensive for such a dive!  Seriously, promoters should really think twice before booking a band at this hell hole.  I don't like the bartenders attitudes but I will hand it to the security staff, of all things they are the nicest bunch in there.  Do not waste your money to see a band here.  Maybe if people stop going they won't book as many great bands!!!!
4	The clubhouse occupies a very special and sentimental place in my heart. I've probably only seen maybe 3 shows here, but im always surprised by what i encounter in this little grungy hole in the wall. I understand the previous yelpers complaints, even empathize. But i give them a hearty 5 stars of sheer grattitude, whether of not they deserve it; I met my 1st girlfriend at the clubhouse one night quite by accident, it was at a show for seawolf / okkervil river. Something magical happened in that dank smoky  slightly smelly venue and i love the clubhouse for it. So despite the complaints, despite the less than savory acts that play here sometimes, and despite the abundance of hipster brats you might encounter; give the clubhouse a chance- open your heart to life's possibilities and embrace the good and the bad.
