5	The BEST moving company we have used!!!  They loaded my truck 2 years ago for our move to San Diego - spur of the moment as my husband was ill.  They moved our household from Scottsdale to Prescott, AZ 2 years ago and we just used them again to move from our storage unit AND from our Prescott home this week.  They are reasonable but more importantly - competent, always on time, courteous!  We just can't say enough good things about this company.  Nothing broken or missing!If you're contemplating a move - whether it be small or large/in the city or out of town or state - PLEASE call Fully Loaded Deliveries!!  You will not be disappointed!!
5	I love Fully Loaded deliveries. Chris and his team have moved my family over six times. they are very professional and always clean, neat, well mannered, pleasant and nice to work with. Moving can be very emotional so having a nice group of movers working with you to make it seem effortless is such a comfort.   I had the guys come out yesterday just move some things around in my house. My husband hates moving things, especially large pieces up and down the stairs, so, I hired Fully loaded to come over and help me move all the large pieces just to redecorate.  It also helped that they had just moved me in two years before, so they knew my home and my furniture pieces very well. One guy even remembered how the armoire was to be dissembled.    I highly recommend them for your local, long distance moves or simply to redecorate your house.OH! I forgot to mention, one of the pieces they moved was a 700lb welders bench UP 16 stairs. It was INCREDIBLE to watch.... I had my life savings bet that they wouldn't be able to do it, but they did and did not make one mark anywhere.  I was SO worried as I have a gorgeous solid wood staircase and it would have been ruined  had they dropped the 700lb steel frame on the stairs.  I was amazed.. I kept cheering for them from the top of the stairs. "Come on hotties! Look at those muscles! Holy crap, I have never seen such men of steel!"   I think it worked..:0
5	These guys are the real deal! Fully Loaded exceeded my expectations in every aspect!  I would recommend FLD again and again.
