5	A few friends were discussing how dismal so many pizza places are here in Vegas. As the topic shifted to places that are worth a try, one friend recommended Cugino's near UNLV. My wife and I stopped in about a month ago was was VERY pleased with the pizza they served. We just stopped in again today and was equally pleased. I have lived here for 8 years and this is serioulsy one of the best pizzas I have found in the valley. If I remember correctly they make their own sausage. The crust is fantastic, hand made, a nice crispness, even the smell alone screams quality. We have also had the bread knots and the toasted/fried ravioli. I havent seen toasted ravioli on a menu since I have moved here. Everything has been delicious.  We are looking forward to exploring other aspects of the menu, including some things we are not familiar with, but must be more popular on the east coast, including rice balls, and Jamaican beef patties. They also sell various sauces, olives, homemade sausage n' cookies, and other Italian goodies for the kitchen. Pizzalicious!
5	I recently moved from the east coast to Las Vegas and was very happy to discover Cuginos.  It's a REAL east coast deli. Food is great and the family that runs it is very nice.
5	Best pizza I've ever eaten!!Family owned and very friendly. I was in a trip with extended family from Indonesia and the 2 teenagers practically bagged to come nback within 48 hrs.Their tomato and basil pizza was too die for.
5	Honestly, it doesn't get much more authentic NY than Cugino's.  Having lived in NY for 21 years before moving to Vegas it's easy to find a piece of home in their incredible pizza (thin! and crunchy) and eggplant / sausage parm's.  The pasta dishes are excellent as are any of the sandwiches from the menu.  Also, the family who runs the deli are some of the nicest people you will meet in this crazy city.  They care about their food and they care about their customers.  It's the best all around.  Great food, good prices, and excellent service.
4	The BEST Italian Sub in the West and for sure the best in Vegas. The wedding soup is also top notch. The whole place is like stepping into a machine that takes you to NYC when you step in the door.I don't care for the rice balls.They tasted a little bit rancid. But everything else is top notch stuff. This is real Italian deli food!
5	Pastrami on Rye. You will thank me later.
5	yessssss!!!!Finally , a real New York Deli in Vegas.Today was my first time goin to Cugino's and ive known about it for quite sum time now.(thanks to Yelp)I found out they had Jamaican beef patties,my favorite food in the world so i had to check it out.its like walking into a brooklyn deli on saturday afternoon.U can get 4 B.Patties for 8.99 or have them cook u one for 2.99. do u have to chose? i got 4 of dem bad boys and ill probably be back tomorrow for 4 more.while here, i suggest u try a slice of thier pizza.......its THE BEST IN LAS VEGAS. closest im gonna get to New York is A southwest ticket or Cugino's italian Deli
5	All that can be said is Amazing. Staten Island ol school Italian cooking. You may even get a peak at mom helping out on the back
4	Was referred to this place via a thread in Yelp Talk.  I am always on the lookout for a place that makes good sandwiches.  I decided to give it a shot for lunch.Food - They use Boar's Head meats here, which is always a good thing.  I asked the guy behind the counter what the most ordered cold sandwich was....he said the #2 Italian.  So, I went with the recommendation.  I also added in Fried Raviolis as they looked so tempting on the menu.  The food was pretty good....not great, but good., which is why it got 4 stars from me.Atmosphere - It is kind of like Roma Deli, only smaller.  They sell canned/packaged food as well as a good selection of hard to find sodas and ice cream.  The family is clearly from New York & are fans of the Mets.Will I return?  Yes, because there are other sandwiches I'd like to try.
5	You have to try their rice balls. They are available in a vegetarian or carnivore option. I prefer the vegetarian. This is melt in your mouth deliciousness! The rice is mixed with mozzarella cheese, it is lightly friend and the insides either have meat or marinara and peas.The sandwiches are always top notch. The pizza is always hot and fresh. Do yourself a favor, if you are near UNLV treat yourself to Cugino's and tell your friends.The people that run this place are New York Italians. They are warm and friendly.They also have a lot of hard to find Italian offerings. The best gnocchi you can find is sold there. Love this place!
4	My lunch appointment was canceled today, so I decided to head to Cugino's and try their Pizza and Cappicolo/Salami/Provolone Italian Sandwich (#2 on the menu).Their Pizza is a traditional NY Thin Crust Pizza (see pics).....very good!  Easy to fold...(like it's suppose to be)....Fuggetta-bout-it!  I had a slice of Cheese Pizza to get the lunch started while I waited for my sandwich.The sandwich came out and was the perfect portion, not too large, not too small.  They use Boar's Head deli meat, which is one of my favorites.  The bread is good and there's just the right amount of oil/vinegar...not too overwhelming like some other sandwich joints.What a great lunch.Will I return?  What's the mattah you!....of course!
4	Blair will not approve of this review :)For the high-carb lover...*blush* you can trek over to Cugino's.  This is a family-owned Italian grocery and restaurant with pastas, antipasti, homemade pizza, Boars Head meats, deli sandwiches, eggplant parmesan, you name it.I have a particular fondness for their bread.  They look like mini loaves of baguette, and they are served warm.  Holy (@$)*% once I ordered three to go and thought I would share them with coworkers but I ate them all walking back to my office!!!  They also have yummy garlic knots!Today was a particularly stressful day - I was up til 3AM typing a paper, then got up early for work of course and felt like I deserved something yummy for lunch.  Cugino's has arancini - fried risotto balls stuffed with cheese rolled in seasoned breadcrumbs, served hot with marinara sauce.  WHOA, right?!  I added a mini baguette thingy and wa-la!  Carbilicious!These are super delicious, very different from the truffled ones at Ferraro's (those are more refined of course, and smaller).  I had 2 of these and that was plenty.  yum yum yum they only make a certain amount per day so I better not tell you any more of my noshing secrets :)  Oh yeah and the whole meal cost me under $4.
5	This place is great! Home cooking, fresh authentic Italian Deli! Recently went there and my wife ordered the Pastrami sandwich, Just take a look and judge for your self!
5	Originally came her for the pizza, but ended up getting the veal parm sandwich. It was delicious...I didn't want to stop eating. Being full was the only thing that kept me from trying more on the menu - they had everything an Philly/NJ/NY deli would have: sandwiches, pizza, pasta, Italian water ice...once I stepped inside, I forgot I was in Vegas.They even had Tastykakes in the freezer!This place is officially on my list of  "must go to" while in Vegas (along with LuvIt, Capriotti's and Lotus Siam.
5	Yelp comes through again.  I was craving some pizza--east coast/NY style.  Thanks to Peter A.'s pictures/review of Cugino's, I decided to talk the fiancee into picking up a pie.  Half plain, half pepperoni.  In the three years of living in Vegas, this is pretty darn close to being an authentic NY style pizza.  The dough was thin, foldable, and slightly crispy.  The sauce was not overpowering, thin, but had enough flavor to compliment all of the other ingredients.  Gosh, I hate when I buy a pizza and it has clumps of tomato--I didn't order a salad!  The cheese...was perfect, ratio, flavor, etc.  When the fiancee got the pizza home, I even noticed a beautiful grease spot on one of the corners of the box (love)!I know I've been praising the pizza forever now but, I just want to mention the fiancee's Easter Pie.  While he was waiting on the pie to be done, he asked the owner what the "thing" in the case was.  He said it was Easter Pie.  The owner cut off a slice for him to try, for free!  Todd tried it and the rest is history.  Needless to say, he bought a huge slice for himself.  I did mention in the 3rd sentence of this review, I sent Todd out for a pie (one, singular, uno item).  Well, as you know up until this point that he comes home with the pie and the Easter Pie.  He also bought a meatball sub.  Give 'em (men) an inch, they take a yard.  He said it was good but, too much sauce.Thank you Cugino's for keeping it east coast, and Peter A. for your helpful review and pics!  Cugino's we are fans and will continue to drive from the opposite side of town to inhale your food!
3	We came all the way from Phx, and it was worth it. We took home some thin cheese and parsley sausage which tasted just like home (LI). After we order like pigs and the food was served the own came over to se how everything was, simple perfect. Now I find out the he was the owner of the A&S pork store in Franklin Sq, I ate his sausage my whole life. We loved it and will be back again "just for the yoohoo"
4	My first bite of Cugino's was a leftover #1 sandwich that had been sitting in my fridge for a little while a friend brought over. A couple bites later, an hour wait for the boyfriend to get home, and off to Cugino's for lunch we went! That good.The cold cut Italian style sandwiches are the real winners here. They are loaded with the right amount of cold cuts, REAL fresh mozzarella (uh, hello, fresh means it better have been made in house, and it is!), veggies and the right amount of oil and vinegar on a delicious bread roll. I am not a sandwich fan, for some reason my brain doesn't accept them as real meals just cop-outs, maybe it's my inner European-ness that can't deal...but lunch sandwiches at Cugino's are actually happening in my near future! Maybe I've just been missing out on real sandwiches my whole life?!The arancini are delicious. Little rice balls and mozzarella cheese deep fried in a batter. We ordered two as a little snack to try...definitely will be ordered every time now.The only complaint I have is the chicken parmesan sandwich is less than stellar. There is too much sauce to taste much else, and I am not a huge fan of drowning things in sauce. Otherwise, the melted cheese was good and the chicken itself was just ok. Their selection of dried goods and meats is a really nice option. Some of their selection is imported but a lot of it is things you would find at a NY Italian deli; if you are looking for straight from Italy authentic you might not find everything here. I didn't ask but looked around for some canned San Marzano tomatoes and none to be found...
5	When you're Italian, you're always very critical of Italian food.  You rarely go out to Italian restaurants, and it never compares to Grandma's.  But there are always those few places that are able to capture the essence of simple, Italian comfort food.  Cugino's is one of those places.  Now I'm not saying this is better than my Grandma's food, but if I need to get my fix of Italian comfort food in Vegas, Cugino's is where I come.  It's a family-owned Italian restaurant that also serves as a deli, too.  They serve all the stuff your Grandma would have served you if you grew up in an Italian household.  Sausage and Peppers, Meatballs, Veal Parmesan, Grilled Eggplant, Spaghetti w/ Meat Sauce, Italian Grinders, etc...I usually come in for a cold sandwich of mortadella, cappicola (gabagoul), salame, and provolone sandwich with all the fixings.  Great sandwiches made with great meat.  You know it's Italians in charge when they have great quality meats.  I also opt for the Sausage and Peppers Sandwich sometimes because this is true comfort food for me.  They make their own sausage, and you can buy it raw from them if you ever want to cook some up at home.  They also have Pizzas at Cugino's, which I like a lot.  The owners are from New York, so it's of course thin crust.  Very authentic NY style pizza; very large slices, foldable, and cheesy.  Great pizza, and pretty cheap at around $10 for a large.  I would highly suggest Cugino's if you love simple Italian food.  I haven't found anywhere around Las Vegas that looks more like New York's Italian delis.
4	Get two slices of pizza and a drink for $5.99 or just the pizza for $4.99. It's an easy walk from UNLV. The garlic knots are greasy and aromatic. Some of my friends eat pizza AND knots AND the mini box of assorted cookies for lunch.
5	By far the best New York style pizza place in Vegas.  I used to think it was Metro, but Cugino's is better and for half the price.  Also had the #1 and #2 sandwich which were both, again, the best I've had in Vegas.
5	Cugino's is the real deal.  Its like I was transported into Queens when I stepped in the place.  Hard to believe that such an awesome little Italian Deli & Market can exist a stone's throw from UNLV in a non-descript mini-mall.  The sandwiches could lay claim to the best in Las Vegas.  I'm not quite ready to make that claim 100% but give me a couple weeks and I might be able to.  The meats and cheeses are freshly sliced Boars Head products and the bread is crisp yet soft.  No I know a lot of you're are probably saying "A lot of places use Boars Head, thats nothing special."  Well you're right in one regards but the mixture of ingredients, the freshness of the produce and care put in assembly make this sandwich truly magnificent.  Personally, Im a fan of the #2 Italian with capicolla.  Not a sandwich fan?  No problem, the pasta and pizza is just as good.  The pasta tastes as if some old Italian mama is in the back making it for her son and his mafioso pals.  Al dente and always the perfect blend of meat, cheese and sauce.  The pizza is phenomenal for Las Vegas.  In New York it would be above average, but with a dearth of good joints out here, this pizza is noteworthy.  I must make time to also acknowledge the garlic knots.  A great appetizer and just loaded with flavor and grease....a worthy combination, especially when I need a break from studying over at the UNLV library.  Cugino's also has a number of pastas, salamis, sauces and other Italian specialty products for sale besides their prepared foods.  There are a small number of tables if you wish to dine in, but service is at the counter.  I love the causal ethos of the place.  The staff is helpful and you get the feeling they are East Coast to the bone.  People are starting to discover Cugino's but it still amazes me that the Chipotle in front is always busy and people don't realize there is this gem 100 feet behind it.
5	Freshly made mozzarella cheese I've got today was so awesome! I just came to get pasta (bucatini is my fav), capers and tomato sauce (NINA is so tasty and thick), but ended up getting mozzarella, pinwheels (best that I've ever tasted), and 1LB of salami. The guy always offer me to taste something yummy which I always end up buying, and he usually gives me a good discount. Love this place!!! I live near summerlin but it's worth the drive :)
5	This is a real italian deli, kind of hard to find now a days. Me being sicilian I really appreciate it. I had a hot pastrami, and it was probably the biggest and best pastrami sandwich I've ever had. It had like 2 inches+ of meat and I could barely fit the sandwich in my mouth! I thought I would never say this, but it was almost too much meat. I couldn't even finish it, and I'm a big guy. Will definitely be back.
5	I absolutely love this place! I come here all the time with my friends for lunch. Nice atmosphere and the food is great! Staff is nice and courteous.
5	This place is a hidden gem.  Great food and great family-owned atmosphere.  I had the spaghetti and meatballs and it was fantastic!
3	I heard alot of hype about this place from city life and from yelp and i went yesterday maybe i just expected too much from it going in.The place has lots of cool stuff to buy like frozen Gnocci, specialty breads sodas and oils.Sliced meats and cheeses.I orderd the chicken parm and my honey orderd the "Dons special" wich is chicken cutlet and peppers and fresh mozzarella.The chicken parm was just like any old chicken parm sandwich nothin special.Alittle soggy because we got it to go my BF DOn special was better because of the fresh cheese, but he scraped all the soggy lettuce off (again prob soggy cus we got it to go) I will go back because there are other things on the menu id like to try.I will make sure to review again hopefully it will be as good as everyone says.
4	Loved the family atmosphere and home cooked food.  The owners moved from NY to Las Vegas years ago and brought their yummy Italian recipes with them.  The lasagna, pizza, and pre-packaged tiramisu were great.  Only a short drive from the strip and well worth the cheaper home cooked food.
5	I think I should also mention that Cugino's best item is their homemade Mozzarella.  Many of you may be wondering why Italian's love Mozzarella so much, it's so average at most places you get it.  But once you have real Mozzarella, you immediately understand.  Cugino's makes it fresh everyday, many times several times a day.  It is creamy, salty, and has the perfect texture for mozzarella.  You can slice this stuff and eat it raw, and you will finish it within a couple minutes.  If you've never tried it, go get it now!
4	All you really need to know about Cugino's (if you're a New Yorker) is that they sell Tower Isle Jamaican beef patties. Score!I'm not a huge fan of their pizza (I'd say it's above-average by Vegas standards), but I love the sausage and peppers hero. The garlic knots are good too. I was disappointed with the boxes of assorted cookies; they just tasted off to me.They carry Boars Head cold cuts, a big plus. My next trip there, I'll see if they know how to slice the stuff (yeah, I've found Boars Head elswhere in Vegas, but just try and get it sliced paper thin).
3	I showed up at this place shortly after landing in Vegas on my way to Zion.  I told the owner I heard good things about this place and he immediately mentioned "Yelp", perhaps all the reviews are an "inside job".Ordered the fried ravioli and they were blah, definitely something I would pass on the next time. I also ordered the antipasto which was a disappointment as it was iceburg lettuce, a couple blocks of cheese and slices of deli meat - I didn't even touch it since it looked so uninspired.  Then came the Eggplant Parmigian sub which was good, especially the sauce.  The bottom line...its worth a visit if you are a local but I would not go out of my way for it.
4	I have been here three or four times for lunch. It's pretty close to my work, so it's very convenient.I have had the meatball parm and sausage parm sandwiches. Both were very good. My friend has tried the chicken parm sandwich and liked that as well.I've also tried the garlic knots, and while I liked them not sure if I'd order them again. Not because they're "knot" good, but because the sandwich fills me up and I wasn't able to finish them. Maybe I'd get them and share.I haven't tried the pizza yet...maybe next time.
5	I can honestly say, that I've had the best "Italian" named Italian sandwich, in my X3 years of life.  Granted, it's official name was "Italian #2" but, I'm sure I'd like #1 too.  My #2 had Salami, Cappicolo and Provolone, very simple right?  It was one flavorful sandwich, with a bang.  The ingredients, meats and cheese were fresh as you could taste the flavors of everything.  I especially loved the Cappicolo, which provided such a kick to the sandwich.  I've eaten Cappicolo before but, it was more like cRappicolo because it never tasted anything like this!The s/o ordered one of their Canolli's.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Mh84_j7YmRrAcm0DWV4bUw?select=ub8c8QJ5J1U2B-hbfpYvLA  It was delish and cheap!I love everything about Cugino's; their shop, the food, the overall feel, the smell of the shop, not sure what it is but Italian deli's have "that smell" and lastly, the family that runs it is pretty nice.Cugino's, among the million other things about Vegas, sure makes me wish I lived there, well maybe more towards Henderson. :)  In the meantime, my jealousy shall continue.
4	I'm tempted to give this place 5 full stars, but I'll reserve that review after a full sampling of the menu. So far, ridiculously good!I've been there twice in the last same number of days. I had their Lasagna Bolognese yesterday, and their Spaghetti with Marinara sauce today. The Lasagna with their home-made ricotta was gigantic, piping-hot and straight out of the oven, and wonderfully seasoned for my taste (which is light on salt and right on spices). Their Spaghetti was on the money with slightly tart marinara that tasted fresh, and a portion size that could easily satisfy two patrons with a shared appetizer. The place seems family owned, and you'll find a splattering of Italian regulars that chat it up with the lady at the counter. This place is good. Everything from their Italian dressing, to simple breadsticks, and pizza that my dining partners had -- I gotta try more pizza for sure -- all of it is just good. The restaurant/deli has a wide selection of fresh deli meats and cheeses, home-made mozzarella and ricotta, and appealing-looking sandwiches that are very reasonably priced, and I suspect, will be delicious when I try. This place is 4.5 right now! Try it, like it, repeat.
5	Hands down my favorite place in Vegas for Pizza, subs, and I don't even attempt to make my own marinara anymore. I just swing by Cugino's on my way home and buy a quart of marinara (which is so freaking delicious my kids will eat any veggies as long as it's topped with the gravy from Cugino's.) Awesomely friendly staff and the deli meats are $1 cheaper per pound than the grocery store chain up the street. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!
5	Fantastic traditional Italian style deli including a little of the attitude :). When we arrived the bread knots were just coming out of the over. 3 for $1 and unbelievable!! I wanted to try one of their sandwiches so I limited myself to 6. Sandwich was also fantastic.  Doesn't get better.
4	We don't have a Little Italy in Vegas, but Cugino's takes up the slack. It's like Tiny Italy.I first heard about the place at a whiskey drinking session. A friend picked up some meats and cheeses from this deli that I had never heard of but vowed to one day visit. Then Lisa L gets ROTD. I decided it was high time.I went for lunch last Friday. Walking in there, I felt like I was in New York. The place is so Italian, right down to the incredibly friendly people working there. I decided to get a Meatball Parm and some slices of prosciutto. Man. That sandwich was off the hook! The prosciutto was also great, but I went cheap by getting the domestic ($13 a pound). Next time, I'll try the imported ($20 a pound). I was amazed at how full I was after the Meatball Parm and five slices of prosciutto. Maybe because the sandwich came with a 20oz soda.I wish I knew about this place when I was going to UNLV. Or maybe they weren't there yet. In any case, Cugino's is definitely getting added to my lunch rotation.
4	Really good NY style thin crust cheese.  #2 Italian Hoagie was plain awesome.  Great crusty roll served with great quality meats and generous portions.  Didn't give 5 stars because I bought the last slice of cheese displayed.  No pizza?? for 15 more minutes at a pizza joint?  Kinda like Fudds without burgers.  But hey, what I sampled was awesome!
5	had their meatball parmigiana, stuffed completely, toasty, perfect....Employees were extremely nice and helpful in my decision
4	I'm not Italian. I'm definitely not from the east coast. I have never seen The Godfather or The Sopranos. But I believe this place offers great Italian food. And by reading other reviews, I am not alone in this assessment. I love this place. I love that several of the customers and the owners act like they're family. I love the deli and the various Italian products. I love that when I was feeling under the weather and craving soup, they had pasta fagioli (and other soups, too) Do you know how hard it is to find a big  bowl of hearty soup around UNLV? Their caprese salad was a bit pricey at first glance ($8.99) but they give you a lot of fresh sliced mozzarella with basil and garlic. Again, where else am I going to get caprese salad within reasonable walking distance from campus? I am sad I didn't come sooner.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!  As a NY Italian I have been trying to find authentic Italian food (I'm not talking Olive Garden people, I mean REAL Italian food) ever since I moved to Vegas almost 12 years ago and I found it at Cugino's.  I have never had anything off the menu that I didn't like but my two favorites are their Pene A la Vodka and the Goodfella (roasted veggies with roasted red peppers, homemade mozz on a toasted roll with a little olive oil and balsamic) sandwich.  Oh and their pizza is the bomb too!  Everything they make is homemade... the sauce, the cheese (ricotta and mozz), the meatballs, the soup, the sausage, the.. well you get the picture and it makes such a difference in the taste of the food.  The prices are great and the people are friendly.  If you decide to go for lunch during the week when UNLV is in session, get there early because its not uncommon to see a line to the door.
5	If people ever ask me what ethnicity I am, they usually say something like..."What are you?  Italian?"  I guess it has to do with how I look and the fact that my name is Vince.  Turns out, I am not Italian, but for 45 minutes last Saturday...I felt Italian.Cugino's is exactly what I look for in an Italian deli.  Pasta and cans of tomatoes on the shelves, a nice selection of meats, cheeses, olives, and sausage, and a couple old school guys behind the counter with white shirts and white aprons.I walk up to the counter to the appropriate greeting of "How ya doin?"  I respond to that question with the appropriate answer (which happens to be the same question) "How ya doin?"  The guy behind the counter then asks, "Whaduya havin'?We ordered the Italian Combo#2 and the Meatball Parm sandwiches, a couple bags of chips, and drinks.  The total came to around $20 and we both left stuffed.   The Italian sandwich came loaded with salami, capicola (gabbagool), provolone, and I asked to add some pepperocinis.  Don't forget about the bread, which is the key to the success of this sandwich.We will be heading back in our next Vegas trip for sure.  This is a nice lunch option and break from the smoke filled and overpriced casinos.
5	Eyyyyyy, It's a Canoli!!!Right across from campus and  reasonably priced. Old-school, homey, east coast feel, family-owned and FANTASTIC food. You can't go wrong.Had the Italian #2, it was a great size and delicious, if I wasn't so full I would have had another!The garlic cheese bread was great and the marinara was the BEST I've ever had- don't tell my grandmother on my Italian side.Can't wait to try the Meatball Parm and the Sausage and Pepper sandwiches- mmm, I'm drooling thinking about it.Definitely going to be going as often as the skinny wallet will allow (it's such a pleasant change from my usual packed lunches that I bring to campus) I always knew about this place but I wish I tried it sooner!
4	Found this place through Yelp, read the reviews, decided to try it.  Good move!  Went there on 2011-04-18.Walked in to what felt like an east coast Italian deli with a few small tables in the middle and a walk-up deli counter to order.  Nothing fancy...Saw Veal Parm sandwich on the menu - just had to try it!  I haven't had a decent "veal on a bun" since living in Little Italy in Toronto... one bite and I was back 25 years to those days!  Beautiful crusty but soft bun, veal sauced just right, cheese, peppers... all freshly made!  I'll be back again before leaving Vegas... now I only have to find a way to relocate them to Phoenix...Update:  Went back again on 2011-04-21.  Tried a few other items which changed my rating slightly from 5 stars to 4 stars.  I still like this place and need to try more items before settling on a final rating.  This trip, I tried the garlic knots; very garlic-y, but needs either a little salt or a marinara dip to complete it.  Also tried the Jamaican beef patty after reading about it on other reviews here, but was somewhat disappointed.  They're more dough-y than flaky, and the beef filling is a tinge bitter - not sure why.  I love beef patties, so I'm very picky - and what do you expect ordering a Jamaican item from an Italian deli?  (If anyone is in Toronto, Randy's beef patties is much better!)  Ordered the liverwurst sandwich for my other half; it was as good as could be expected for a loaded liverwurst sandwich.  Their home-made bread really makes the difference on their sandwiches!  To be fair, I ordered items outside of their mainline menu this trip, so that affected their rating.  I suspect if we stay with their mainline italian menu items, my ratings will go up again - but that's for another visit.  I'll definitely come back for another try!
3	Italian #2 Perfect amount of oil/vinegar, good portion meat + cheese, AWESOME bread.Downside = Boars Head Meats.. What a shame nitrate infested garbage meats.Ordered fired zucchini wow maybe a few steps better than carls jr. Prob pre frozen etc.. Were not good @ all very disappointing in such an authentic style placeOverall - Great sandwich just too bad they use crap meats with nitrates. I would go back and buy some bread then get some non nitrate meats to put on their breads maybe ill buy cheese from them to give them a little extra business..
5	Being an ex-New Yorker there are very few Italian Deli's here in the west which are a GREAT authentic New York Italian Deli. Let me tell you Cugino's is a diamond here in the Las Vegas desert. If your looking for a good Italian pastries/pies, Italian ice, Bronx Special Sandwich (fried eggplant,, red peppers, mozz, and sauce), or Pizza this is the place you gotta come too! ----Oh the homemade cannoli's yum!!They even have a great grocery store with a ton of Italian cuisines (pastas, meats) you can only find at Cuginos.The family that runs the place is very friendly and accommodating, so if you want something you had in New York they can most likey make it.These people are straight from Italy via New York so you know you're gonna get some real great food. I highly recommend that if you come to Vegas or you're a local you should defiantly eat or shop at Cugino's over and over again.I just wish it was closer to Sacramento!
4	I have been looking for a place like this on the East side of town for quite some time. Thanks to Yelp i have found this little gem hidden away by UNLV.I ordered the Special with Prosciutto, roasted red peppers, mozzarella and balsamic. I also wanted to build my own with mortadella, prosciutto and mozzarella. I mave have confused the guy but i got all this on one..WOW what a snadwhich!! My wife and i split it and it was so filling. The hard roll really made the sandwhich.I also tried the bruscetta. It was on a pizza dough and was ok. I like my bruschetta on a crust piece of bread.I will definately be back soon. There were Italian favorites all over the store hot, cold and frozen. The staff was also very friendly.
4	Nice welcoming place when you want real Italian food in Vegas without all the glitz.
5	Garlic knots are to die for!!! Excellent service! Great people!
5	Very good food- authentic and large portions for the price.  My 4 year old devoured the garlic knots and her cheese pizza.  We shared the chicken wings (hot) and eggplant rollatini....yummy!!  We are here for the week and plan on eating there again before we leave.
5	Best Reuben in town!!!!That's my favorite sandwich, so I've tried several around Las Vegas.  I think I only had one visit where something wasn't right about the sandwich.  Maybe the bread was over toasted or something.  But, even a sandwich can have an off day,... so it's worth trying again!  =)I made frequent visits here while attending UNLV.  Great garlic knots,  pizzas and pastas!  There's always daily specials too!The people are always nice.  Genuine and makes sure that you're taken care of.  :)
5	Almost a year living in Vegas and I've only discovered this place a few days ago. I've only had their pastrami sandwich a few times, and I can't get myself to order anything else because it's just so good! I'm officially considering myself a regular customer here. Whenever I'm craving anything Italian I'm definitely taking the 25 minute walk just to come to this deli one way. Just from sitting in the room hearing other customers place and pick up their orders,I think that there will always be a bit of a wait time for just about everything, but it's well worth it. They also have shelves of neatly stocked ingredients for sale and a bunch of Italian desserts. Will make it a point to try out their tiramisu next time.
5	It's a family owned business & it's conveniently located right across the UNLV campus. The food is good  overall & they serve big portions. If you're on a budget & in a rush, this place is the best choice.
5	Tony Soprano is in the back, salivating over the possibility that Don will let him have at the antipasto...First of all, if you haven't been to Cugino's, you might've wasted most of your life until now...at least lunch hour.  This is the real thing, and in Las Vegas, that's saying something.  In Brooklyn, Cugino's would be found in the side of some brick building lacquered with 100 years of patina and the best sauce that Nona can make.  In Las Vegas, the closest thing to brick is 30-year old stucco, but inside, the feel is right and the smell is amazing.Having eaten everything on the menu (literally, everything, from the Frutta di Mare to the Tuna Salad to the Don's Special), I have some favorites.  If you were to ask me about the last thing I'd eat on earth, it would be the Eggplant Rollatini and Penne ala Vodka.  These two dishes are my usuals for the past few years.  Why? Simplicity.  The Eggplant is sliced thin and breaded, fried and rolled around creamy, luscious ricotta and marinara filling, and then baked in marinara and mozzarella.  It is fork-tender, which is not the case with most eggplant, and about the only thing I've never gotten bored of eating.  Follow that up with a plate of Penne ala Vodka - the best Vodka sauce I've ever had...so good, in fact, I stopped making my own!Other great things on, and off, of the menu include the Reuben on marble rye, the Don's Special, either Americano sandwich, and the Antipasto salad.  The sandwiches come with a drink, and the entrees come with a fresh salad and bread.  Another note, everything here is made in house, from the cheese to the salads to the sauces and desserts - one exception is the pasta, which is brought in from a maker in Brooklyn who, it was explained to me, makes it as good as can be made.One final note, Cugino's is a deli and, as such, has meats and cheeses for sale, along with a large variety of imported Italian brand products, like tomatoes, cookies, oil, Arborio rice and Lavazza coffee.I could go on, but that would mean writing a dissertation; it's better if you just go grab a cappuccino and a plate of macaroni (Also, why not support a great, local, family-owned business)...Buon Appetito!
5	This spot is amazing! The staff is extremely knowledgable, friendly and kick butt at what they do!We ordered the Italiano #1, #2 and the Cugino's Special is to die for. EVERYTHING is made in house and fresh. The mozzarella is spectacular and Donnie gave us a hearty sample. The bread is crispy on the outside and melts in your mouth with the first bite. They have tons of great imports, meats, cheeses, olives, desserts and lavAzza coffee! Thank you Cugino's! I'll be returning for more.
4	Tough choice between the meatball parm and chicken parm. I went chicken parm sub and was very happy.
5	I just happened to be near the UNLV and stop by this Deli, what a FIND!The rice Neapolitan rice balls are Awesome.The stuffed cherry peppers are screaming good, marinated mushrooms & artichokes were great!The anti-pasta salad was to die for.I also took a pizza home, OMG it was Awesome!If you like garlic knots that have a strong garlic taste like they should in my mind you will love them!What a Great Find. I will be stopping back in and make the drive just to eat here!Everything I tried was Fresh Fresh, FreshGreat Food, Great Owners I will be back many times
5	If you love italian food and have not experienced cuginos you are missing some great food.  I have tried everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.    Everything is made to order so don't be in a hurry.  By far the best pizza pasta sandwiches etc in vegas.  Homemade sausage mozzerella rioctta now even italian chicken sausage
5	When it comes to Las Vegas these days it is easy to find flaws...of course being the epitome of perfection as Rex is...it is easy.  Times have hit this city hard. The days of wine, roses and cheap gas for huffing are over. These are the tough times. The rough times. The decline of western civilization times. The times for poorly written and cliched observations.  Rex gets it. Times are tough for all of us. Rex can relate...a few nights ago he did the unthinkable...he ate at Panda Express.  Rex rarely feels shame but he does now. Rex knows that it is awful. Unthinkable. Rex will admit something else. A few days ago Rex huffed diesel insteal of premium unleaded.  Rex has hit bottom...Rex even considered going to the Circus Circus. Rex wept in shame.Days went by...Rex could barely endure the horror. He ate at Roccos and plummeted further into a depression. None of the usual things made him feel better. Mocking Andre Agassi's hairline...no joy.  Circling cellulite in Star magazine...no joy. Licking the ground in front of Dairy Queen...no joy. Having sexual intercourse with himself...okay...that wasn't bad. Still...it wasn't the screaming ecstasy that Rex has come to expect.  Rex began to wonder...you know what will cheer Rex up...college coeds. Sexy college chicks. So he visited the strip clubs...and was rudely told that you must wear pants to enter. Rex doesn't wear pants for strip club. Rex called them fascists. Rex was beaten savagely by these pituitary cases...these rejects from the CFL.  Rex woke up in a dumpster near the college...his favorite way to awaken. He smelled good food. He walked. He hoped. He put on pants. He smelled again. He rubbed his eyes. He scratched his crotch vigorously. He wrote on a note pad to look for a used antibiotics bottle during one of his "treasure" hunts.  He went inside...he wept.Cuginos. Cugino's Italian Deli. More beautiful words were never spoken...except the time I said "please don't wake up Jessica Biel." (She didn't.)  Finding this gem in the desert was a shocking turn events for this depressed cow poke...(that was Rex's nickname...Rex "Cow Poke" Marvin...don't ask).  Rex was often told that there is NO INTELLIGENCE AT ALL to be found anywhere near UNLV.  After witnessing an after hours party, and scoring with an 18 year old chick who thought i was Brad Pitt's brother, Stu. Stu Pitt.  I thought they were right....but there are all only 99.9% correct.  The owner and operators of Cuginos are BRILLIANT! They are food genius's.  Great sandwiches. Check. Great ingredients. Check. Willing to serve a crying man with no pants. No check...the one strike against them.  Everything Rex has ever had there is brilliant.  Rex must recommend a few things...because that is what Rex does so perfectly.  Donnie's Special is a great sandwich. Chicken is perfectly cooked and seasoned. The fresh mozzarella is the best...more on that in the next paragraph. The Cuginos special is a great cold sandwich...if only slightly under seasoned.  The penne a la vodka is great.  Everything is great. if I had one complaint it would be that most dishes are so delicately seasoned they boarder on under seasoned. Rex promised to save the best for last...much like Rex in bed. They make their own Mozzerella and it is the best in the city by far and away. New York curds made into pefect cheese...and extremely reasonably priced. Rex always buys some when he is there and chews on it like biting into bread. Just eats it raw. Rex understands perfection. He lives it. Rarely can you describe anything in the food business as perfect, and not just for these crumbling times in Las Vegas...but for anywhere any time. Every other deli in the city should look at Cuginos as the blueprint on how to succeed. Reasonably priced. Great food and uncompromising ingredients. Rex is your perfect love. You are his perfect fool. Rex will be back to Cuginos. Rex will be back for you...and you will love him for it. Rex will leave...and you will love him more for it. Rex will love the cash he took from your purse.
5	Oh yeah this is a great Italian deli :)
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas, hands down. My Asian ass might not know a thing about being Italian, but I know enough to say that this place is legit-- the food to the service.My boyfriend and I usually opt for the meatball and parm special. We always salivate over the stuff they have for sale behind the glass, and one day I will remember to bring a cold bag and blue ice to protect hunks of deli stuff all the way back to Los Angeles.The last time we were there, we saw a girl that looked like a supermodel standing next to a gentleman that could've been the Papa Smurff of the business. They posed for photos and held up the order line for a minute, but none of the people waiting seemed to mind; they stopped drooling over the menu for a moment to take her in.From the kitchen, we all hear, "'Ey, check yer blood presshr before you leave!"Priceless. The food's always consistent. Locals, you got a gem.
5	Wow!!  I am Italian and living in Vegas it is hard to find good Italian subs. I am so glad I found this place! I love their cutlet sandwich with vinegar & oil. I also love their deli counter, and mini market with imported food from Italy. The whole staff seems like they are straight from New York, with their accent and all. It is a favorite in my book!! Just wish they had Italian Desserts. I didn't see any on the menu or behind the counter.
5	EVERYTHING at Cuginos is good.  From the pizza (they ship in the water from NY to make the dough), to the sausage (try the chicken and provolone), to all of the sandwiches (the best, juiciest pastrami I've had in Vegas).  Everything is good.  Probably because they make everything themselves in house and cooking great Italian food runs in their family.  I am so happy that I discovered this place.  It has that cozy neighborhood NY style deli feel that is hard to find in Vegas.  Besides all of the Italian lunch and dinner items, they also have some of the best quality cured meats, cheeses, and other deli items that you would expect from a true Italian deli.  I live down the street from this place and I go there several times a week.  I have been lucky enough to get to know the family that owns the place.  They are all very nice and are so good at what they do.  When you eat at Cuginos you can tell that they know what they are doing.  And if you go in and you're not sure what to order, I have two words for you: Donnie Special.  It is chicken cutlets with roasted peppers, fresh home made mozzarella, and oil and vinegar served on a toasted roll.  I like to get it with a little extra oil and vinegar on the side for dipping.  It is one of the best creations I have ever had in my life.
5	Wow! wait wait wait.....Wow! Entering the dining room its kind of just what you expect in a strip mall across the street from your local college. Its really a no non sense straight forward deli, order at the counter that has a few tasty items to look over inside of it, racks of some of the authentic product (and some not so authentic) that is used by the joint to create your tasty grub, and an old tube tv in the corner with the Italian soccer league playing for the fans (i am) of the soccer as well as the spot. I met a friend here for lunch this time visiting and ordered two sandwiches a meatball parm and a pastrami that both came with drinks for the price of $6.99 (meatball) and 7.99 (pastrami). Both came out within 5 minutes and good god i was surprised how much meat was on the pastrami sandwich. We traded halves so we can enjoy both and ill start with the meatball and just say this bread is heavenly soft and tasty, with a gravy that i honestly could put in a cup and drink its so tasty. The meatballs were straight forward, i didnt take any special blend of spices or savory flavor additionally as even if there was it was going to be masked by the lovely sauce and bread combo i was thoroughly enjoying topped off with generous servings motz cheese.The pastrami was served on a marble rye as it should be and as you can see from the other pictures provided is at least 1.5" thick with just meat and its very juicy and flavorful. Deli mustard, onions and again generous portions of melted cheese round out this well crafted sandwich. The service is straight forward and welcoming, almost like a family ran atmosphere and the food is served quick, hot and good so that i have experienced. Best advice my review can offer you is TRY IT, and enjoy the tasty goodness of Cugino's.
4	Went to this place yesterday for lunch after searching for a decent Italian place on Yelp.  What a great decision.  Had the Sausage and Pepper sandwich and my wife had the Turkey sandwich with dressing (Thanksgiving dinner sandwich).  They were both excellent.  Will definitely not be the last time we go to this place.   Just wish it was closer to our house!
5	Wow. Their sandwiches are awesome.Their pizza is amazing too. $4.99 for 2 mega huge slices of cheese pizza and a drink. The slices were so big they packed it in a medium pizza box haha. I was SO full from the first slice.  It was just perfect everything.
3	This is based off of one visit to Cugino's, so a second visit can either change my rating or cement it. I got the tomato-basil fettuccine, which came with breadsticks and a salad. I was kind of bummed that I had to order a drink separately. The store is so cute with all the deli items and such, but they need to fix some of the chairs in the dining area. My bread and salad came first. The bread was hot and came with butter, which was really yummy. The salad tasted very fresh and I like that they give you the dressing in a separate ramekin so you can control the portion. Then came the pasta dish. It was okay, I liked that it was cooked al dente, but I wish it came in a bowl instead of a plate. I will give this place another try since everyone here is raving about their sandwiches, but based on my visit this place seems overhyped.
5	Fresh Basil and Tomato Pizza from Cugino's should have a star on the Pizza Walk of Fame. 5 Star pie all the way. The shopping center it's hiding in holds years of memories to me. I use to chain smoke Cloves at Cafe Copio when I was in my teens and consume large quantities of cheap beer listening to the Beastie Boys at Tom n Jerry's when I was barely 21. The days when I had less bills and belly fat. My Doc Martens and I ruled the world. Great memories were had here. This made picking up this pizza that much better. On to the pizza.When I walked into Cugino's for the first time I was overwhelmed with all of the authentic cheeses, meats, breads, pastas. This was the moment I realized I am not just a foodie, but a gigantic food pervert. This is Food Pervert Heaven!!! Just walk in and you will know what I mean.Fresh Tomato and Basil Pizza- Large for $16.99. Do not make any changes to it. Everything about this dime piece is bangin just the way she is. If you don't like garlic than this isn't the Za for you and we are not friends. I happen to LOVE garlic and this sexy pie is packed with it. Then they throw fresh, earthy basil and firm tommies to the mix and walla. The perfect pie. Don't even get me started on the crust. Let's just say every great painting starts with a fine canvas. I love this pizza.  It's simple and simply phenomenal and everyone I shared it with agreed. When I was driving home with the pie I felt like I had the hottest date in my car. Seriously, the aroma gently traveling from that box to my nostrils made me high and I couldn't stop smiling from ear to ear.I can't wait to do this dance again only next time I will be rockin out to Violent Femmes remembering the good ole days in my hometown.  Kudos to Yelp (Rex's review) for leading me to Cugino's. Nacho C. and his birds would have loved this food. Mad props to Cugino's for making an incredible pie. All the other pie shops can sleep with the fishes.
5	Best Italian deli!  Fresh made motzerella and imported prociutto sandwich is a favorite of mine. I've heard from friends that the pizza and chicken parmesean is great but it's hard to try anything else!! Pretty reasonable in price but the sandwiches can get pretty pricey once you upgrade to imported prociutto but totally worth it!!
5	Awesome!! I come here for the food not for the smiles. If you want a fake cheery smile don't come here.. You're gunna get true east coast feel and the food is reasonably price and delicious! The pizza is good.. I recommend the Donny Special.. you can thank me later
3	Man, I feel badly about giving this place three stars. I mean, look at the other reviews! People seem to really like this place! So why do I, someone who loves pasta, just give it a three? Well, here we go...When I first walked into this place, I thought "Oh, man, this place looks legit!" They sell tons of Italian products here, different kinds of meat, and has a ton of Italian-like memorabilia on the walls... kinda like what Applebee's would look like if it were decorated by Rocky Balboa. But, I didn't come here to look at this stuff. I came here to eat. Everything else is incidental.I ordered the most basic thing on their menu that still qualifies as Italian: spaghetti with sausage. I should note that the servings come with bread and a salad, though neither are something to shout about: the lettuce wasn't 100% crisp, the ranch dressing wasn't really cold, and they were served on the kind of plastic plates I buy my baby cousin. Already I was getting less and less enthused. About ten minutes after they brought out the salad came the pasta. Man, it smelled good! Its the kind of the smell that you have to kind of appreciate for a second before digging in! Unfortunately, the scent of the food was better than the food. The noodles were somewhat overcooked, it seemed, and were thinner than I like (though I do not take off points for that, as that's a personal preference of mine). The sauce was good, kinda... good like upscale pasta sauce I buy at Vons, but not good like an Italian person who knows their business made it. The sausage was good, though not spicy like I was expecting (and asked for). On the plus side, the portions were fairly generous and prices were not too steep. The guy at the counter was nicer to us after a few minutes, though he was never really mean... more like he was tired because it was late. All in all, I'll probably come here. A lot of the reviews here are really positive, and maybe my experience is an isolated one. But if I come back here again and this place is still a three, it'll be on my list of places to come when you're hungry and aren't feeling too picky.
5	This place is easy to overlook, but you'll want to go back after you try it. If you're in the mood for something light, go with the chicken caesar salad. If you want something that's going to fill you up, order the sausage, green pepper, and onion sandwich, or their chicken parmigiana sandwich with garlic fries. They're both spectacular, and even better when paired with a garlic knot (or a full order of three). Hands down this is the best family-owned and operated restaurant in walking distance from UNLV.
5	Wow, what can I say? Wow, Wow, How Now Brown Cow.I've only tried the Americano 1 and the cheese pizza and the mocha latte. I'm only 24 but is it too early to say that that was the best Turkey Sub I've ever had in my life?The cheese pizza was good, legit.The Americano was so good, I stole my little sisters leftover and ate it the next morning for breakfast.Definitely a 9 out of 10. I think the Turkey would have been better if it was Lobster.Better than Passion of the Christ.BETTER than Lethal Weapon 4.
4	I cannot believe it has taken me this long to review this place when I ate there like three weeks ago! I will admit, I am giving it four stars currently only because I need to go some more to really be sure that it is as good as it gets. I am an Italian lover and from an Italian family (by marriage) and I would like to try more of their foods before I give it a five. This was the first time I have ever been, which is kind of dumb, considering I have been going to school and working at UNLV for the last four years, and only recently discovered an Italian place near by. How silly of me. I like the way the place was set up. It had neat pictures and memorabilia stuff that made it feel really chill. It also had like a small grocery store like space where you could buy like 20 different types of noodles and other yummy Italian stuff to cook with. They also had this deli like set-up, displaying the enormous amount of meats they sell by themselves, or make a sub with! Pepperoni, Genoa salami, sausage of many flavors, just an abundance of eye-popping varieties. So, now to what I ordered for my first meal at Cugino's. I had the Penne a la Vodka dish. OH MY GOODNESS! Amazing! I love vodka sauce and other then this pizza a la vodka I had in Portland from a food cart, I have not had good a la vodka pasta anywhere. Here though, it was delicious. The sauce was think, but not too thick, and thankfully it was not too creamy either. It was perfect to me. *Doing that kiss the fingers motion (hard to explain in words). With the meal you get two bread sticks and a salad and it equaled $15. Which is pricey in a way, but that pasta was so good I did not care. Now I am not sure if all their food is like that, but my first experience was fantastic and I hope to get back there soon!!!
4	This time around I ate one of their sandwiches, the "Cugino's Special" with a side of macaroni salad.  Delicious!!! My only reason for giving 4 stars versus 5 stars: my lunch, the sandwich and side cost $11.35 after taxes. No drink, just the sandwich and side.
5	Best italian food I ever had! We stayed in Vegas for 4 days. Went to the Rio and Bellagio buffets and they are nothing compared to Cuginos! We had the:Sicilian tripe soup- OMG!!! I'm craving as I type!Garlic knots- yummy! My 5 yr old devoured it right awayCheese pizza- best I've ever had!Reuben melt- amazing! Lots of meat! #1 italian sandwich- yummy!Rice balls (meat and cheese)- yummy!! And the marinara sauce- OMG! Owner said they cool the sauce for 4 hrs.Jamaican patty- it was good but overshadowed by the rest of the meal.Frutti di mare- a-mazing! Lots of seafood! Yummy sauce!What the place lacks in ambiance and presentation, the make up for the taste and quality of their food. And in the end, that's all that matters!
5	What a wonderful discovery!!  Absolutely loved everything that we had there!  Definitely stopping there every trip to Vegas!!
5	Cool atmosphere, great food!  The garlic knots were awesome, as was the stuffed pizza.  I love the small mom and pop type of restaurants and this is exactly what it felt like eating here.  I will def. be back.
5	I'm from Jersey and I gotta admit that this place is bomb. They might even be better than some deli's back East, in fact. I've never been disappointed with anything: from the chicken parm to the rice balls, even the pizza is awesome. They even have Pastosa ravioli!!!  Feels exactly like a spot back home, too, which is awesome.  Love me some Cugino's...
5	Stopped into Cugino's before the UNLV basketball game to meet friends, not even hungry, but then i looked at all the italian foods on the shelves,the goodies behind the deli counter and the food on the tables and Bam, i had to order something. Wow was i surprised. the food was fresh and delicious, i can't wait to go back and try some of there other items on the menu. Family owned and operated, i felt like i was in my mothers kitchen, waiting to get a slap for sticking my finger in the sauce.
1	The service here is terrible. Wait for fresh pizza takes too long if youre working in the area...youre left with the dried cold reheated pizza thats available otherwise
5	Brooklynites, your search for real pizza in Las Vegas is over.I probably could just shut up there, but I'll write more, for those of you who require specifics.  I actually almost shed a tear of relief discovering this place today. I've lived in Las Vegas for about 2 years, and I'd just given up on the hope of real Brooklyn pizza. Settebello pizza is good for what it is, more like the pizza you get in Italy. Nothing wrong with that. But when I've had a taste for NY pizza I've always been disappointed. Metro Pizza was suggested to me once by a friend, and after trying it I immediately punched him in the face. Don't worry, he's fine now. The owners/staff of Cugino's are all Italian from Brooklyn. The place is a deli and italian grocery, so you can buy all the best meats, Italian canned goods, homemade raviolis, manicotti, stuffed shells, as well as marinated salads and mozzarella that they make there DAILY.  The sandwiches are just flawless. Even the little things I've missed like coffee soda they had there.Honestly I wasn't even planning on trying the pizza. I'd had enough disappointments  on that front already.  But as proud italians and proud New Yorkers, they insisted. And I'm SO glad they did.
3	A little over-rated IMO but definitely has its following from locals and UNLV students.I had the Sicilian Tripe Soup which was rich in flavor but the taste of the tripe was more pungent.  I personally liked it but it can be more of an acquired taste for others.  I let 2 other people sample it and they said it tasted like ass.  To each their own.  The pastas were pretty decent.  We ordered the Penne ala Vodka with Shrimp.  The pasta was well cooked al dente but the shrimp were frozen and small.  For the price, there are other Italian Deli's like Roma, Rocco's Deli, and Rocco's Pizzeria that are much better.  The Rigatoni Bolognese I sampled from my friend was much better.As for the pizza, I was not impressed.  I read many reviews that raved about it but it was greasy but I still downed it.I prefer Rocco's Pizzeria and Rocco's Deli but this place is alright if you're on this side of town.
5	WHAT A LEGIT PLACE! This is a small Italian Deli shop inside a small "shopping center" in front of UNLV. My friends and I went here for lunch and were surprised at how authentic of an Italian deli shop this was. I got their Philly Cheesesteak for lunch which was amazing. One of my friends got hot wings and the others got a homemade lasagna... We all walked out with smiling faces. The owners/cook were very warm and friendly people. If you ever find yourself within this area give this place a shot.
5	Great food. Donnie's Sub is my absolute favorite. The chicken parm sub is pretty amazing as well. Love the cannoli here as well. You also get a discount as a UNLV student!
2	Sorry, guys, I'm just not getting it.  I've been here twice and tried the meatball sub and the lasagna bolognese.  Both were just so bland.  No real flavor to the meatballs that I could discern.  The lasagna noodles were super chewy and doughy.  If the mozzarella on top of the lasagna was supposed to be fresh made, I didn't see it.  I'll just chalk it up to the fact that I like my Italian food spicy and/or with a strong basil flavor.  Maybe I just tried the wrong things.  I won't complain about the Olive Garden generation.
5	On the money. Mac salad was great, roast beef sub had a ton of beef. will be back
4	I ordered the Italian #1 sandwich.  It was good and loaded with meat.  I will have to go back and try their pizza or pasta.
5	Before there was Yelp, the reliance on word of mouth was prevalent. I must have talked to all the wrong people because four years of university and everyone I asked persuaded me not to step foot into this place. Now I know all of them were selfish bastards who are trying to keep this place all to themselves. This Italian deli and restaurant is so diverse that even people with dietary restrictions would be able to dine with few problems. I met a friend after work for dinner. I wish I had taken some pictures, but I was ravenous by the time it all came out. The food appears at a slower pace at Cugino's. Do not write them off. It would be a major loss. We split everything to ensure a large variety. The Goodfella Sandwich is filled with grilled and marinated bell peppers, eggplants, and zucchini. These veggies absorb the aromatic balsamic vinegar well. Fresh mozzarella, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions also come on the crusty roll. I wish they had peppers spicier than a jalapeno or pepperoncini, but it was fantastic. The Garlic Knots and Linguini in Clam Sauce were great, but not as magnificent as the sandwich. We ended our meal with a cannoli. It was not blow your socks off, but anything would pale in comparison to the meal we just experienced. Now I will go and spread the word of Cugino's like those before me should have. I will not selfishly cling to this shop. Instead, I want everyone to enjoy them as much as I did.
5	A perfect slice of Italy right by the Campus.
5	Its the bomb dot com.
3	It was Saturday afternoon and I wanted to try something new. I am a sucker for sandwiches, so I settled on Cugino's after a quick search on Yelp. The first thing I noticed was the sticker on the door advertising Boar's heads meats and when we walked in they were speaking Italian, double win! This place is part deli, part Italian grocery store, and part restaurant. Although, I did find the plastic meats and cheeses hanging over the deli counter a bit tacky. I was initially going to try their pizza, but it looked like it had been sitting all day. So after a quick look at the menu, we settled on the pastrami melt and spaghetti and meatballs. The pastrami sandwich was gigantic! It was also pretty delicious, although I am not sure I could eat a whole one simply because it was so rich. The pastrami, melted cheese, and secret sauce made the sandwich fantastic. I am not a huge fan of rye bread, but I did end up stealing half of the sandwich from my husband. The spaghetti and meatballs were good, nothing spectacular, but good. The sauce definitely made the dish, it was simple but also had a depth of flavor. The meatballs were good, but nothing special. The spaghetti was OK, but could have been better. There was little bread stick on the side and let me tell you it was fabulous. It was crispy on the outside but nice and soft on the inside. So delicious and unexpected! Overall, I would like to try more of what they offer, but I think that sandwiches are definitely the way to go here.
5	This is real pizza, with no fancy bells or whistles. Pizza  the way you would get back in NY. And I am not talking cheap, greasy pizza. I'm talking about the real deal I used to get while growing up over there. Don't expect to be waited on hand and foot either. They focus on the food and food alone. Meatball heroes, pasta dishes, tripe soup, etc. You name it, they have it. You want to take the ingredients and think you are now Mario Batali, well take the ingredients home and make the dish at home. They won't promise you will get the same results but they will sell you the ingredients imported from Italy!I love to get my tripe soup here and my pizza. No nonsense place, just a place to get a great bite to eat. This is a small place, just like any deli in NY. Many students and locals stop by here to have a bite. Many times, I have seen workers coming by during their lunch break. Visit the place if you are just looking for good old fashioned Italian food without the bells and whistles...JUST GOOD OLD ITALIAN FOOD!
4	Cuginos is a great place to stop for some good italian food. I usually do just the Pizza slice combo which is two slices of pizza and drink for 5 bucks. The pizza is pretty spot on every time. I have had better in Vegas, but its right up there in my top 5 or so. They also make great salads and sandwiches. The staff is always friendly to us when we go in. If you go in, ask Donnie if you can try a piece of their fresh homemade mozzarella. Its the best Mozzarella i have honestly ever had.
5	You must also try the Donny's Special.  It's not on the menu, but it's quite delicious!
5	I've been going to Cuginos for years now.  I'm from New York and I think I've told just about everyone I know from there this place.  The pizza is the best you can find her in Vegas, but all of the other food is just as good.  I've been buying his meat sauce for a while now, it blows any of the bottle stuff you find in the grocery stores here.  I could not even begin to tell anyone what my favorite dish is because I haven't have anything that is not good.  Go and enjoy.........
5	I love the knots and the homemade mozzarella is amazing
5	I used to think that I visit Las Vegas for the glitz, glamour and fun ... and while I'm here, I have to find places to eat.  Now, I will be coming to Las Vegas to eat at Cugino's Italian Deli ... and the rest of Las Vegas' attractions will have to wait.  Yes, it's that good.If you're expecting a $$$$ experience you can take your butt to the strip. At Cugino's ... it's more like coming home and seeing the family.  It's comfortable and you feel like they've prepared the food how they'd serve it to their own family.  It's like sitting around the table at home.  The flavors here are authentic and the service is friendly.  You can tell by the number of locals that are clearly returning customers, that this place is doing everything right.My wife and I ate here for dinner.  She's a big fan of thin crust cheese pizza and is very picky about it ... she ranks Cugino's among the best 5 she's ever had.  She says that the perfect cheese pizza must be perfectly balanced between crust, sauce and cheese and she found it delicious.  I couldn't make up my mind, so I had the #2 Italiano sandwich AND a Meatball Parm sandwich (granted, I only was able to eat half of each).  But, WOW!  I'm hooked.  The Papa Cugino came by to each table and gave each of us a sample of what seemed to be an egg, ham, and cheese bread cut like a biscotti.  I forgot to ask what this was, but it was delicious too!In a town full of self-proclaimed "best this" and "best that" ... we found a place that doesn't have to toot it's own horn ... their customers keep coming back.  In my review book, that means a lot.  When I'm in town, Cugino's has my dedicated business for their excellent tasting food and the heart and soul they put into their business.
5	This place stole my heart!! I LOVE Italian food, I LOVE Italians cooking authentic Italian food.. lol. The chefs mother makes the homemade tiramisu.. must try :) We heard about this place from my husbands client a few months ago.. since then we've been numerous times. When you walk in and look to the left you will see the wall lined with all the ingredients that they use in their kitchen.. which they also have for sale.. They have a little deli area where they also sell the meats & cheeses they use.EVERYTHING IS FRESH.. their pizza dough, ingredients, etc. They also offer gluten free crust..  ok so not sure how many of you know how to test the crust of your pizza crust.. lol but you pick it up & hold it up.. if your piece of pizza stays extended out & can stay held up then the crust is perfect.. if your piece of pizza falls over & all your toppings fall off... thats bad pizza crust.. lol. So obviously my pepp pizza passed the test.. lol. Their salads are amzing.. the knots are flavorful & perfect size. The sandwiches are HUGE and so good.. when you call to order to go ask about their sandwiches on special.. they come up with some pretty good combinations. the meat & cheeses are quality!
5	I decided to try Cugino's Italian Deli on Thursday of last week. Since then, I have been eating there every single day! Talk about addicting.. right? I have a soft spot for everything and anything Italian, so this place was absolute perfection in my eyes. It's a family owned deli and the people who work there are great! They remember their customers and make conversation with them to make sure the food is to their liking. So far I have tried the Calamari, Frutta Di Mare, and the Spaghetti and meatballs. -The spaghetti and meatballs was the first thing I tried from Cugino's and let me tell you it definitely hooked me. The pasta was cooked to a perfect texture and the meatballs were quite tasty. -The Calamari was served in a generous portion and was cooked exactly the way I like it. The breading was well seasoned and tasted great with the marinara sauce. Definitely a favorite of mine.- The Frutta Di Mare was a mix of clam meat, mussel meat, tiny shrimp, and calamari in a zesty red sauce over a bed of linguine. The seafood was plentiful and wasn't too overpowering, which I enjoyed. I think this place is definitely a must try here in Vegas. If you haven't tried Cugino's already, you are missing out.
5	Today my girlfriend and I decided to try this place based on the reviews. Let me tell you it did not dissapoint us a bit. They were really busy at lunch time but the food came out quickly and was very tasty. We got the Cugino's special sandwich and the spaghetti with meatballs. The sandwich has real fresh motzarella cheese and good quality meat the bread was crusty and soft and fresh all at the same time. The spaghetti was excellent pasta cooked perfectly and to order. The meatballs were not bland had really good flavor. If I only lived. Closer to this place I would eat here probably 2-3 times a week.
5	I love pizza, and this is great FRESH pizza. If you like NY style, this is it. Nice sauce and cheese portion along with a great crunch like NY style should be. Will be going back very soon!
5	I have been converted. I am usually a Chicago style pizza lover, but Cugino's has made me go to the other side. Upon drooling over the deli case, I wanted to try everything, but I had to talk myself down to 3 items, I can always come back. I chose the meat Arancini (rice ball) and a stuffed pepper and one slice of cheese pizza. The stuffed pepper was so delicious I wanted to go back for more, but I restrained myself. The Arancini was delicious, and my pizza was perfect, one of the first times in my life I didn't want ranch to dip it in. The crust had a perfect amount of crunch to it, and the slice had a perfect folding diameter, you may need to blot the cheese a couple times, it was a little oily. For dessert I took a box of pizzelle's home with me. It was like Xmas in June. I can't wait to go back and order an entire tomato basil pie to eat, errr I mean share.
4	Great food, a true Italian Deli. I ordered a chicken Parmesan sandwich which came out to about $7.99. The size was a bit disappointing for the price. But the food was good, my friend and I both ate for about $25. Overall, the food was good but maybe not the type of place I'd spend twenty bucks to eat. The ambiance was nice, we were there late afternoon and it wasn't too busy. The inside of the place really gives you a traditional feel. The place does look a bit dated but I think that just adds to the old deli feel of the place. Overall a good mom & pa restaurant. Support your locals!
5	Being Italian and from NY (and that's central NY, not the city) I am incredibly picky about my ingredients. I was disappointed for a long time with my options in Vegas until I was told to try Cugino's. Holy Cannoli!  Thank god for Cugino's! I usually stock up every few weeks leaving with a large box of freshly made mozzarella, hot sausage, bread dough, sauce, Jamaica cakes, cavatelli, raviolis, and hot cherry peppers (which are hard to find).Everyone is always friendly & helpful at this family run deli. They even carry my box of goodies to my car. Eat in or take out options, Pizza is great too!
2	The food is just OK, prices are a little high and the people who run the place Are rude and very unconcerned.
5	Ever since Ciao Ciao on Durango closed I've been in search of a comparable clam pizza.  After reading some reviews from my fellow Yelpers I decided to give this place a try.  I have to admit, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the clam pizza.  I recommend the white sauce.  Also tried the standard cheese slices and they were great as well.  They also have a large selection of Italian deli products to go and a full menu of sandwiches.
3	Got the sicilian with a #2 hoagie.  Good pizza still great hoagie not so friendly service.  Lady at the counter looked like I was from  mars........no hello.....just stared at me until I ordered.    I guess Yelp entitlement has finally set in.
5	Eggplant parm - to die for :) Hole in the wall, hard to find in the back of a shopping center, but worth finding. Great Italian food.
2	Typical New York attitude, not friendly at all. There was no eye contact, no smile, and no suggestions. It was like we were bothering them.We asked about pizza, and they failed to tell us about the specials. We saw the sign afterwards.The large white clam pizza($17) was ok, the dough was on the dry side, no flavor at all and it was not raised properly. The pizza did come with a lot of chopped clam. But the large amount of clam made the pizza fishy. Also there was a good amount of cheese, which I think was not necessary.Personally, I think pizza should be about the dough. Without a good dough, you are just trying to cover incompetence with lots of toppings.This place is definitely overrated and overpriced.
1	The picture of the homemade mozz drew me in. Boy, was I sad. It was a $7 ball of tasteless solid white rubber. This is not the "fresh homemade mozzarella" any legit Italian would be caught dead selling. I'm embarrassed for you, Cugino. Either learn to do it right (and sell it only while fresh) or don't do it at all. Absolute waste of money.
5	To be honest, I've been here countless times and the only thing I ever had was their meat ball spaghetti. It is just the best spaghetti I've ever had. I have had meatball spaghetti in so many places and Cugino's is just so delicious that I am already addicted to it like crazyyyyy. The entree comes with a dish of fresh Salad and two italian bread sticks. The salad is always fresh and tasty and the bread is just unbelievably good.  Not gonna lie that I am not a picky person and I always give 5 stars review everywhere I go, but 100 some people give this place a 4 or 5 stars. You just can't go wrong with CUGINO!CUGINO CUGINO CUGINO.MEATBALL SPAGHETTI  MEATBALL SPAGHETTI MEATBALL SPAGHETTI
4	Decided to drop by for lunch since it is near my office.  Never been here before.  Glad I stopped by.  They had stuffed cherry peppers!  Oh my goodness......so good.  Will return and try their pie next time.
5	I have been going here for a few months now and have tried every specialty sandwich they make.  After enjoying this place for awhile, I felt it was time to write a review.  This is a small family run deli and from what I know from talking with the folks that run it, they are making just about everything from scratch.As I mentioned, I have had every specialty sandwich and while I like most very much, the Donnie Special might be my favorite (by a small margin).  I would also recommend anything they serve with their marinara sauce, it is delicious and has a fresh bright taste.  The mozzarella cheese is made in house and better than any high end mozzarella that I have every bought or tasted.  I love coming here for lunch and of course no meal is every complete without a delicious, filled to order canoli.
5	Not 5 star pizza, but over and above 5 stars for service. My friend was in town and we were going back to her hotel room for pizza and wine (and if you must know, Britney Spears on the X-factor). We had stopped earlier for wine, but like doofuses we did not think about getting the wine open. They let us use their corkscrew to open up our wine and we returned it and went on our merry way. They could have told us to screw off, but instead they let us borrow it and were nice about it, too.As for the pizza, I was not as impressed as I expected to be. It was flavorful and the toppings were fresh, but the crust didn't have the crusty-qualities that I look for in a pizza. However, I would be willing to try it again because it is a straight-up deli with olives, pasta salad, sandwiches, various other deliciousness. Plus they were just such nice people that I want to patronize their establishment again!
5	I cant say no to anything here! Pizza, pasta, subs, wings, you name it! haven't said no to one menu item here! the family is very nice as well! they treat you like family as well down there! Best italian deli/pizzeria in town!
4	Old school Italian deli, no frills just good home made from scratch grub! I've found my new Ruben sandwich. Wife got the lasagna and even the pasta was homemade! Garlic knots are great
5	I have been here two times since I started working at UNLV. The first time I went after work to get some spaghetti and meatballs for dinner. It was wonderful! A huge portion that really filled me up and left me with extra to enjoy the next day. The second time I went, a friend met me for lunch and we each had a slice of Sicilian and the NY style. Two solid pieces of pizza. They were very efficient at getting the people through the line and they were fun people to talk to. Good atmosphere.
5	My heart is in New York, my home, but when I'm in Vegas this is the only place outside New York I've ever been to that truly makes my stomachs happy. Fresh everything. Oh, and the people that work there? Phenomenal. I can never recommend this place enough. If you're debating on coming here, go. Enough said, just go.
5	This is some authentic Italian food! Even the decoration and shop set up make you feel like you're in a little Italian market. The food is just as good as other Italian restaurants but its not as pricey. Today I had the meat ball parm sub and let me tell you, it's one of the best subs I've ever had! I'm all for small family owned restaurants and this place is one of the reasons why. It can look a little sketchy at first but I like to keep an open mind. Give this place a shot. The food is delicious and made to order and no, it doesn't take forever.
5	This little hole in the wall joint is awesome!  It is very similar to other Italian pizza and sandwich shops in town, but their sandwiches are beyond tasty!  I would suggest the Cugino's special.  The combination of roasted red peppers, fresh mozzarella, balsamic vinegar and prosciutto is heavenly!  The guys at the counter are also very friendly, which is always a plus!
4	In the past I've stopped by here to get individual slices of pizza, unimpressed by the  quality. But today, I opted for the spaghetti and meatballs. They were delicious! I highly recommend this dish. Perfectly al dente, sweet and savory meatballs, perfectly flavored tomato sauce.
4	This place is a must-try if you are in Las Vegas and have a car. I am sure anything you get here will be good, the decorations could use a little face-lift, but as far as food goes you will be happy here.
5	This place is the real deal when it comes to New York Italian. The spaghetti and meatballs are out of this world, and my wife, who is a lasagne connoisseur cannot get enough of this amazing old Sicilian recipe. An the wings....order them hot with extra buffalo sauce, and you'll be floored. Did I mention the garlic knots??? Okay, enough out of me....time for lunch for the third straight day at Cugino's.
5	We finally found a place that has New York style sandwiches! Red roast beef with lots of oil and vinegar! The quality of the meat and cheeses they use tastes like it does in New York! Garlic knots are the bomb! Pizza is really good too! Wish we had this place in California! Also the people who work here were very nice both times we came in. I noticed some people complaining about that in their reviews. Not true. Just because you don't smile or talk every second doesn't mean your un friendly. When they had time they came over laughed and talked with us and were really down to earth! I will definitely come back every time i go to Vegas!  It's a little off the strip across the street from UNLV. Glad we found u!! =)))
2	The online menu says a veggie pizza is $9.99. Doesn't say what size, so when the clerk saked "a large?" I said, sure.  When I went to pick it up.... $21 bucks?! I don't understand. D:I probably should have said something, but it was near closing time, so, whatevs.When I got it home, at least two of the vegetables listed on the menu weren't on the pizza. The ones I was most interested in. Arghghhh
5	Feels like family feeding you.  Everything is fresh.  The pizza is wonderful and the sandwhiches are amazing. Go!!
5	By far the best authentic east coast style Italian deli in Vegas. You can come here to dine in, take out, or get specific Italian meats and cheeses. My personal favorites are the buffalo mozzarella, ricotta salata, and the pecorino Romano. If I'm dining, I switch it up between the spaghetti Bolognese, cheese raviolis, or sausage & pepper sandwich. And I NEVER ever leave without a fresh hand made cannoli, or an assortment of Italian butter cookies. If you're ordering for a holiday, call it in! They get very busy. Family owned and operated. Good people, great food. It truly reminds me of my grandmas cooking!
5	THE BEST ITALIAN EATERY IN VEGAS! (and it's affordable too!!!)This mom n pop shop makes in on our must go places when we're in town. -Linguini with clams in red sauce!!!!-Garlic knots!!!-Even their Coke tastes better!!! Lol
4	Lunch delivery emergency! Cugino's to the rescue. Phew! This is a chicken parm sandwich that knows how to treat a lady RIGHT.
3	Authentic Italian deli in the UNLV area. What to expect!- good food served with a slight attitude at a so so price.  Had the spaghetti and meat balls which were very tasty but only 2 small meatballs for 9.99 at a hole in the wall in the hood? That was surprising. Would still recommend for a long lunch but not a date atmosphere
5	This place is delish. The pepperoni pizza is the closest you can get to NY style pizza, make sure you fold it! The garlic knots are so yummy and so are the neopolitan rice balls. Another yummy is the reuban and make sure you try their italian ice. I've gotten delivery from here a few times with my girlfriend and I find this place really addicting.
5	I just had the Donnie's Special for $8.99.  Breaded chicken cutlet, mozzarella, roasted red peppers, lettuce, onions, oil and vinegar.  It was really really good.  My boyfriend got the Cuginos special sandwich, also pretty good.The sandwiches are big too, you get a lot for what you pay. i started feeling full just from one half.  So if youre not looking for a big meal, split one or just save the leftovers for later.We got it delivered to the Excalibur Hotel.  They do not personally deliver to hotels but you can call the road runner food delivery service (roadrunnerfood.com i think) and they will do it for you.  It will cost a little more but the food shows up hot and ready to go.I will probably stop by there later to try the fried raviolis and rice ballsHighly recommend this place___________edit: raviolis and rice ball was blah.  But i will still come back here every time for those bomb ass sandwiches.
5	Subway should be ashamed of themselves, calling what they make sandwichesi had the a cold sub for about 7 bucks, huge!!! with lots of meat, could only eat half of one half of the sandwich it was so large.  I would come back for the sandwiches alone, but will try something else next time..   Service very helpful, friendly
5	This place was incredible.  The wife found it, so respect to her.  I had Donnie's Special, a huge chicken cutlet on a perfect roll with peppers, onions, lettuce, balsamic vinegar, and mozzarella cheese.  The cheese was the real deal.  Thick mozzarella.  I did a lot of thinking, because I didn't want to be hyperbolic, but I am pretty sure this is the best sandwich I've eaten in Las Vegas, it's between the Donnie and catfish sloppy joe at RM Seafood at the very least.  The bun was crusty at Cugino's, but held everything together well.  And, this is a LARGE sandwich, side of chips not necessary.  The balsamic was an awesome addition to the sandwich.  Finally, very thinly sliced onions, always a good addition.My wife had the Cugino's special, which is basically the same as the Donnie's, but with prosciutto.  It frankly had so much prosciutto on it, I wondered how they made a profit.  Another enormous sandwich.  I look forward to eating here again very soon to try everything.  But, I don't know how I can go here and not get Donnie's Special.
5	Delicious!!! Finally!  Where has this place been hiding?  I am from NY and have yet to find a decent Italian Deli in this town.  Best eggplant parm I have had in 8 years.  The Marina was just right and the Italian bread was just right.   As it turns out the owners are from my hometown in NY.  I will surely be headed back with my family to enjoy this hidden gem.   Highly recommend checking it out.
4	This place has the balls! Meatballs that is! And gravy! That's what Italians call "spaghetti sauce " those 2 items can tell you the quality of an Italian deli and who's in the kitchen! This place has it , great basic Italian food prepard like grandma made, good job pisan's ! Mangia !
5	This is a HUGE FIND in Las Vegas where delicious pizza seems to be a mystery.  The storefront is in a little strip mall by UNLV and is 100% worth going trying.  We ordered a white pizza and a pepperoni pizza, an antipasto salad and they gave us an extra little order of the bulk antipasto to try.  The pizza was INCREDIBLE!!!!!  And for $30 for all of it we were pleasantly surprised.I would recommend this to anyone and will be going back to try some of their other items - I saw their meatballs and they looked incredible too.  Try this place!!!!!!!!
4	Came here for husband's pizza craving.  We ordered the small eggplant pizza for him, which he liked enough that he inhaled the entire thing almost by himself.  I thought it was just fine.  It was my first time trying eggplant, and I didn't know what to expect.  I do not consider this NY style pizza.  Yeah the crust is thin, but it's almost got a cracker feel to it.  Better than Secret Pizza in the Cosmo.  Ingredient quality and freshness unquestionable.  I also ordered the garlic knot (nothing special), cheese arancini (nice to try, won't order again), and the fried ravioli (yes!).  I think I'll be coming back to try the pasta or a sandwich.  Overall, this place is reasonably priced and sells quality food.  I lurv Italian delis, and so wish we had one back home.
5	By far the best chicken parmesan sub I have ever had in my life! Also the pizza, Italian sub, and rice balls are super good as well! I have been to this place 4 times in the last month and it has always been a great experience!
5	I have been here several times since the first time I tried it. Originally I was looking for deli meats and olives and found their business card on a closed deli's door that I had frequented often. It was close by so I went. I have been back OVER AND OVER since. PROS: *Marinated Olives*Deli Meats*Easter Pie (made for special holidays; its a thick pie of pizza doe mixed with cheese, eggs and italian deli meats. Serve warm.*Stromboli - thin dough rolled with various Italian meats and cheese. Sliced and served warm.*Eggplant Parmasen- Large portion of thinly sliced lighted breaded eggplant and mozzarella cheese covered in their amazing homemade sauce. Served with a salad and pasta. Bigger than a restaurant portion.*The Godfather Sandwich - Fried Eggplant, Mozzarella, Roasted Pepper and balsamic vinegar.*Donnie's Special Sandwich - Chicken Cutlets (thin), fresh mozzarella, roasted pepper, balsamic vinegar and oil.*HOMEMADE on premises mozzarella cheese. The best I have had in Las Vegas. Firm and lightly salted. EXCELLENT.
4	It's definitely an Italian NY salumeria aka deli.  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  If you want real authentic Italian sausage this is the place.  If you need a special order they're very accommodating.  They sell cooked food as well as uncooked specialties such as ravioli that can be cooked fresh at home. You can either eat in or take out. They also serve pizza.  Definitely worth  a visit.
5	Cugino's has become 'must visit' for me whenever I go to Vegas. Their Chicken Parm sandwich is as good as I've had anywhere, and as an added bonus they have Italian water ice! The service is friendly and fast. For such a huge menu, everything I've ever ordered there has been amazing.
5	The real deal NY Cheese pizza! I have been searching for sooooo many years to find a pizza that resembled a NY cheese pizza. I'm sure many people can relate to what I am saying here. Well, search no more people! I have finally found my place and Cugino's is it!!! Tucked away in a small shopping center near UNLV and a Korean karaoke place in Las Vegas. Here's my honest review:Food: 5 stars! The marinara sauce and mozzarella are made by the lady owner daily. And this is why everything tasted so delicious. The cheese pizza was so authentic to the NY pizza that I had while i was in NY. And by the way, the owners are from NY also. The family used to own over 60 restaurants so I think they definitely know what they're doing. I must tell you that the pizza flavor was so awesome. I even tried to bring the leftover pizza home but the weather was just too warn and it didn't make it, unfortunately. The garlic knots were good too.Service: 5 stars - the whole family was so nice. I honestly felt like I was invited into their home and they made us dinner right from their kitchen. Thank you so much for the hospitality. Much appreciated.Ambiance: 5 stars - the place is a deli + restaurant. Had the feel of a NY joint in a old neighborhood. I loved it.Will I be back? Just try to stop me...I am craving their food right now as I'm writing this review...see you soon Cugino family..
5	Love this place and I can't find anything wrong with this classic Italian deli.  Counter service with a very expansive menu and a small store where one can purchase many Itallian goodies.  I've had several sandwiches and each is excellent.  I prefer the Itallian #2 when in the mood for a cold sandwich.  Pizza looks good and so does everything else.  Loved the Cannoli and the next time in I'm going for the stromboli.  Get your Italian deli fix here!
4	Another Yelp find thanks to fellow Yelpers.  We decided against any buffets while in Vegas because we know there are good eats out there and we did find them.  We tried the Sicilian tripe soup. Didn't know Italians like tripe but I guess they do. Think of this soup as minestrone with pieces of tripe that are easy to chew because sometimes it could seem like you are chewing on rubber.I recommend going for the hot sandwiches instead of the  cold ones since they seem to have more flavor.
5	In a strip mall across from UNLV, this casual family-owned shop is a great local eatery with easy parking. The garlic bread knots come with great marinara sauce. The pizza is huge with a nice crust, and they don't skimp on cheese & toppings. The chicken milanese is great. Lightly breaded, not oily, served on a salad with side of penne marinara and bread sticks. The food is served with orange trays, paper plates, and metal utensils, but don't let that fool you, the quality is there.
5	THE Best Italian Deli in Las Vegas, Period.
4	Hidden gem! Amazing sandwiches.  My boyfriend had the Italian 2, and I had the Italian 1. I enjoyed every bite, and it was a nice, hearty sandwich.The pizzas look wonderful.. going to have to try it next time.I'll be back
5	Again, 5 stars! Why?The Cugino's came from Italy via The Bronx almost 2 decades ago. Mamma and Papa are humble and extremely accommodating whether ordering on or off the menu.  In the 7 years I've been a regular here they've never disappointed. It's also a small Italian market if you need to grab the real deal ingredients for a perfect meal without any hassle. What? You're not sure about a recipe? Just ask Donnie or Christopher (the sons.) The entire family is happy to help.  Bottom line, from sandwiches to fine dining style pasta dishes, and easily some of Las Vegas' best pizza. Did i mention the scratch salads? Olive, artichoke hearts, potato, Mac, mushroom.  Wait, the fresh sausage and Mammas meatballs.  I guarantee you'll feel like you just visited the Bronx. Go for it.
4	What a find while on vacation. I found Cuginos on Yelp and we have been here 3 times already. We  will visit one more time before we depart.  This is very casual, home cooked dining at it's best. We love having a few good lunches away from the strip and tourist traps. Their Sicilian rice balls are the best you will ever have. They are moist, not greasy and filled with a delicious meat/ mozzarella  center. Their fried gnocchi are also worth a try along with the pasta fagioli soup.  They have many specials and offer eat in or take out. I learned that they are transplanted New Yorkers (Staten Island) which explains the familiarity we felt. Our frequent visits in such a short period of time speak for themselves.  Don't miss out.
3	Despite the high rating, I just wasn't that impressed with this place.  I wanted to like it, I really did.  I loved the ambiance and the fact that the staff spoke Italian to each other.  I didn't even mind waiting 20 minutes for a pre-made peice of pizza and steak sandwich...  That much... :-)All that being said, the pizza was not that good.  In fact it was mediocre at best.  I would prefer something from the mall.  It wasn't Dominos bad, but it wasn't Gino's in Chicago good by any means.  The dough was really tasteless and the rest wasn't that good either.The sandwich was ok, but I would expect more.
5	We visited this afternoon for a quick lunch - we ended up sitting and chatting with the owner and 2 regulars - all of us former NY-ers comparing notes and sharing stories of "home".As good as the conversation was, the food was even better. Both of our sandwiches (the Godfather for me - eggplant, fresh HOMEMADE mozzarella and roasted red peppers, and Donnie's special for my husband - Chicken cutlets, fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers and balsamic and oil). We enjoyed 2 cannoli's for dessert and learned they are made with homemade ricotta cheese - which explains why they were so light and creamy. This is a true family owned and operated small business that I am happy to support, and I look forward to trying more of their homemade deliciousness!
4	Every time I visit Las Vegas, I always have to make a stop at Cugino's.  The people are friendly, the atmosphere is nice, and most importantly the pizza is great.  However, last time I took my mom and she ordered the Eggplant parmigiana and I don't think it's a do over.  It just didn't impress me and it was $12. I usually get the large cheese pizza and it's excellent.  I visited NYC for NYE and was able to try NY style pizza in New York.  I ate pizza every day while I was there.  This place definitely comes close and I won't have to fly all the way to NYC to get great pies.  I wish that Cugino's would have some garlic and onion powders so we could put on our pizza though in addition to the Parmesan Cheese and peppers.  Also, the workers here are always so friendly!  We went close to closing (8pm) and they welcomed us with open arms.  We also ordered an order of garlic knots (6pc in an order) and he brought out an extra order of knots for us! Granted, it was close to closing and they were probably going to throw it away anyways, but still, it made us happy!  Definitely a fan of Cugino's!
5	The taste and feel of N.Y., need I say more!!! Upon entering the deli I immediately felt like I was in NY, ordering a pizza I put the place to the test. The crust was thin and I could hear it crack as I folded it in half....mmmm that's the way it's suppose to be, I took a bite and knew I finally found my favorite pizza place after 22 years in this town! Upon my second trip here I decided to try the Cugino Special sandwich...prosciutto, roasted red peppers, fresh mozzarella, and balsamic vinegar, with red onions added on...perfection, I closed my eyes for the first taste and I do believe along with the angels singing I could here the traffic, subways, and steeet vendors! I highly recommend this deli if you are looking for an  authentic NY Italian deli!
5	Five stars! Ten stars! One million stars for this place!I'm Italian and love to try different Italian restaurants whenever we go somewhere new. I can honestly say I have never had better Italian food stateside. It's THAT good! I took my family here after finding the yelp reviews and I am so happy we did. Every single thing was homemade. The homemade ricotta is the creamiest, best, melt-in-your-mouth cheese I've ever had. The sauce is making my mouth water thinking about it. All the bread was fresh from the oven. I would seriously eat there every damn day if we lived in Vegas. I begged them to open one in San Diego. Ill run it for them and eat all the profits. Bellisimo!
5	A favorite of mine that is often forgotten about... I stopped in for lunch yesterday and grabbed a couple of sicilian slices (square slices for those unfamiliar) and a rice ball. Two things that are often hard to find in Vegas.... at least of this quality. I couldn't wait to eat my pizza so ate a slice in the car on the way back to the office and it was glorious. Brings me back to the good old days back in NY.If you haven't had a sicilian pizza, you are missing out and this is one of the best in town. They go a little heavier on the cheese than I like but that is typical for sicilian pies. I prefer mine with less cheese and more sauce. After all, anyone can get good cheese... not everyone can make a good sauce.The rice ball was great as always... walking into this deli is like transporting right to Brooklyn for me. If this place was just a bit closer to work (or home) I would probably be there a few times a week.
5	Absolutely the best deli west of the Mississippi!I really hate to give Cugino's an awesome rating because then it will become too crowded and I won't get a table when I am in town. Without a doubt the best Italian deli food in Vegas. In a town with thousands of restaurants, that is saying something. And, the service is tremendous. Everything is done with class and lots of love...you really feel it. Go and taste what all the students at UNLV already know. I can't wait until October when I am back in Vegas.
5	Such a great lil lunch spot.  What it lacks in atmosphere it more than makes up for with the food and value.  I'm not a huge meatball person but i LOVE their meatball parm lunch special.  For $8, you get a HUGE meatball parm sub sandwich and a drink.  I always eat half the sandwich for lunch and save the other half for a later meal.  Delicioso.
5	Real authentic Italian food. The Italian #1 is large enough to share with a friend although you may not want to. The daily specials of chicken tenders/fries and pizza are low on cost but not low on quality or quantity. You're given two larges slices of hand tossed cheese pizza piping hot from the over or a plate full of fries covered in 5-6 pieces of crunchy chicken tenders. I've tried the Italian #1 & #2, the meatball sub, the pastrami melt, philly and garlic knots and haven't been disappointed yet. Even my kids love their food. Cugino's is a definate must visit.
4	Ordered the meatball sandwhich and this was delish!  I also ordered a slice of cheese pizza.  This pizza was also good.  The establishment is clean.  I went for lunch break and the establishment was packed but yet I got my food pretty quickly.  I will be back for more!
4	Best Melts I could find in Vegas.
5	Who knew in a little strip mall right across from UNLV I'd find an awesome place like Cugino's. And I thought I've tried everything in this strip mall already. Right in the back from Chipotle and the laundry place everyone probably have used at least once. It's a market/deli/restaurant. You can buy east coast products, pickup some Boar's Head deli meat, and enjoy some hot pasta or pizza.Check out their lunch specials all reasonably priced. Try either the Reuben or Pastrami sandwiches very delicious, made from excellent products. They are a must here. The meatballs and parm sandwich was alright, messy and feel apart on me. They also have pizzas, Italian ice, canolis, etc which I haven't tried yet. Lots of cans of Napoli tomato sauce. They get busy during lunch and there's tables inside and out. Their fountain drinks are refillable so don't worry if you run out of drink since they give a lot of ice. Excellent service, fast and friendly.I found my new favorite lunch spot, would've been a 5 if I only kept trying the Reuben. Who am I kidding I'm more than a fan 4.5 star.
4	Nice little place near my university. I've always had a good experience here and I must commend them for making a wonderful cup of Lavazza cappuccino. They also sell it by the can too.
4	I had shared the Ruben melt and the Pastrami Melt along with the garlic Knots, reasonable, I'll be back.
5	I've been to Cugino's a whole lot and here are my thoughts.  The pizza there is absolutely the best NYC style pizza in town, hands down. Not only is the pizza excellent, but its consistently excellent. Some places wander in terms of quality, but Cugino's pizza has been great every time. The other food on the menu is real good as well, (I particularly like the chicken parm hero), but it's the pizza that is the big draw.  The other real strong point about Cugino's is the deli.  They have a wide variety of products like Italian cold cuts, fresh cheese, and other on the shelf products that are not easily found elsewhere in the valley.  Cugino's is a fantastic place to drop by for lunch or a quick dinner and always recommend it to anyone who will listen.
5	Holy CRAP!!! The # 2 sandwich . I'm in love!!! So taste. Mouth-Gazim !!!Fast friend family style service. THANK YOU GUYS!!! I will be back. So ppl if your visiting or live in Vegas. You must stop by & chow down.
5	All I can say is that this place is AWESOME.  Great affordable food, down to earth owners/workers, etc..  The portions are big and tasty!The positive reviews are true.Walk into the restaurant and it looks like one of those Italian restaurants in New York on TV.  You have all the food products like Tomato sauce with fancy Italian makers versus del monte, pre go, etc..  They have a deli display with fancy cheeses, cold cuts, etc..  These guys are the REAL DEAL!The only problem is that the parking lot is getting redone, so parking on the street may be hard.
5	One of the VERY FEW places in Vegas where you're gonna find a piece of back east. Cugino's is phenominal. The food is authentic and tastes like you're sittin' back in Jersey or NYC. The service is like you're among family and the prices you cannot beat. You will fall in love with this place! I ordered a plain cheese pizza and some other heavenly things. After being overly disappointed time and time again with so many other pizza places out here I almost gave up and...FINALLY!!!! CUGINO'S!!! I  found my pizza place. no more searching out here. Walk inside the place and you'll find classic brands of pastas and sauces from when you were a kid. And *drum roll* they make THEE BEST tiramisu in town! I ain't kiddin! There are so many good things to say about this place. Gaahd, I love this place!
5	Yum!  I am so excited to have found this place on Yelp.  I ordered the Cugino's Special sandwich and found the price reasonable and the ingredients to be very fresh and flavorful.  The staff were all very nice and you can tell the food is authentic.  I know where my favorite place to get lunch around campus is now!  I can't wait to go back and see what other treats they have to offer.
3	Affordable Italian food, not for real Italian food experts though. I had their eggplant rollatini (which in Italian doesn't mean anything, the real word would be INVOLTINI) with pasta and salad. Their food is ok but portions are too overwhelming and loaded with unnecessary calories...too much ricotta, too much pasta...just too much.I guess that's the reason why it's always packed with students (their dorms are just on the other side of th road).Their pizza didn't look that great so I haven't tried it and I also tried their rice fried balls...it tasted too much like milk...far away from the real Italian ARANCINI.It's an OK place but I will not go back.
5	This is a 'real deal' New York Italian deli. I simply love their Brooklyn pizza and eat it weekly. It was the lunch special that got me hooked on this place. The Reuben, Pastrami and Meatball Sandwiches are killer! I highly recommend this ma and pa shop!
5	From past experience, it seems like every Italian deli I happen to go to always seems to have good eats whether it's pizza, sandwiches or pasta not to mention the selling of good products like deli meats, olives, cheeses, and of course bread!Cugino's fits this criteria. As you come in you see all the deli meats (Boar's Head is what they are representing), pizza and garlic knots behind the glass case, and Italian groceries lined along the walls.I came for lunch so something hot was what I was looking for. On their menu I see all sorts of hot sandwiches from meatball and pastrami to Italian sausage and several aptly named sandwiches (which I am more than happy to check out the next 20 visits or so!)I went with my all time favorite, Philly Cheesesteak with all the fixins'. It is I would say about 8 inches in length cut in half. From my pic you can see the melted mozzarella on top of grilled, thinly slice peppered meat mixed with green peppers and onions. Man, my mouth is watering just typing this. As for the bread, WOW! Crispy on the outside, soft and warm on the inside. One bite and I knew this bread was freshly baked here because I could probably eat the bread by itself.Service was great from beginning to end. I came in, ordered, sat down, and they brought my sandwich out to me. From that point on, I didn't get up until I finished my sandwich. The atmosphere has that New York/Italian feel to it. On the walls are posters of New York teams like the Mets, Yankees, Knicks, Jets, and Giants. This place is exactly what you find on the corner of just about any street in New York.Overall, I cant wait to come back and try everything else. These guys are kind of hidden in this plaza towards the back. Once you find it, you will definitely remember where they are from now on.
1	I really don't understand the reviews on this place. My entire crew of nine was underwhelmed by the food we ordered. I got the Cuginos Special Sandwich. There was plenty of prosciutti on it, but it was the saltiest prosciutto I'd ever had. The bread and balsamic dressing wasn't anything special, and the mozzarella lacked the creamy flavor I love about good mozzarella.  That not so good sandwich was $9.00, and to top it off customer service was lacking. Try this deli if you want, but definitely don't drag all of your coworkers here off of hwy 15 based on these other yelp reviews.
5	Second best deli in town for me. The pastrami on rye is gigantic!! Must be at least a pound of meat in there!! You can't go wrong with any sandwich here, but I always get the pastrami. Can't be beat. The garlic knots are garlicky, buttery, soft pillows of dough. Melt in your mouth. Really like this place. It's a close second to Carnegie deli.
4	I went to this restaurant for the first time on Wednesday with a craving for pizza. A quaint mom and pop shop lined with Italian foodstuffs and a simple deli, I was disappointed to see that they had lunch specials at the last minute. I probably could have saved myself a few dollars ($12-something vs. $5.99 for two honking slices of pizza and an average sized beverage).The money I spent was well paid. I really enjoyed my calamari (homemade marinara, please!) and my lone slice of cheese.I will definitely be back to further explore their menu. Can you say, "vodka sauce?"
1	Expensive and not that good. Friend got a eggplant parm and I got a sausage parm, neither that satisfying nor were the portions that great for $9. Girlfriend got a bolognese and came out extremely oily asked to get something else without even touching the pasta and they refuse and finally exchange it was 2 slices of plain cheese pizza which wasn't spectacular either. $13 for $4 worth of pizza. Beware of this place, I don't understand the other review here, doesn't add up to me. I could go to subway and get a better meatball sub then this place or go to metro pizza down the block and get better tasting pizza!
5	We had three Different sandwiches and were all perfect. Their special is off the hook.
4	They have solid pizza. It is NY Style, which I prefer, and the selection of toppings is good. I had sausage and cheese and it was good. Not too greasy and the crust is excellent. I would recommend as it is a good pizza and prices are really low. A great spot for all this students across the street (who I suspect dont realize its there). I will head back in there and order some whole pizzas to try out the full spectrum of toppings I am able to jam onto a pie. Until next time.
5	im from new york, and now i live in california and im tired of going to places that say they have the best new york pizza and dont!, but this place has every right to say they have the best new york style pizza, i started to weep when i took the first bite!! to be honest it was kinda the best new york pizza ive ever had, atleast the top 5! i dream about your pizza!!!! living here in west hollywood california is no fun when i get a pizza craving and cant quench my craving for that delicious pizza!!! can you mail it?????
3	Another bookmark bites the dust! I actually bookmarked this place a long time ago after seeing someone post a picture of a yummy looking pastrami sandwich, which I knew my husband would love trying. When we walked in and I saw they had pizza and other stuff on the menu I was excited to give this place a try. They had the typical "pizza by the slice" sitting out on the counter as well the same thing with the garlic knots. I don't mind when pizza is sitting there and gets re-heated, if it is good pizza it can handle it. What I don't like is when it has actually been sitting there for hours. With this place being located across the street from UNLV, I would figure if good pizza is put out here, it wouldn't last long with a college crowd around. I love trying garlic knots from different places, but just couldn't do it here since they looked greasy and like they had been sitting there for a long time. Bummer.I just asked for a regular slice of cheese ($2.25 each) and a Sicilian slice ($2.50 each) to-go. The regular cheese slice was almost not edible. The slice had too much cheese on it weighing it down and when I picked up the slice it immediately flopped. No folding with that slice! It just lacked any "wow" flavor for me. The Sicilian slice however was perfect. The crust was crisp and chewy where it needed to be and I enjoyed every bite. I'm really glad I tried both because just trying the regular slice wouldn't have me wanting to come back. I don't usually see places that sell Sicilian by the slice so that is a bonus plus the fact that it tastes legit. They have Boar's Head lunch meat for sale and a variety of sides. Inside appeared clean and there are tables or booths inside and tables outside. Catering is offered. Delivery is offered.
2	Came here with my wife on a rainy afternoon. Been craving Italian food for a while, and the last place we tried that was similar was Rocco's. That establishment was outstanding so I was kind of using it as a benchmark.Cugino's is located in a strip mall near UNLV. It was totally packed inside. Everyone was wedged in their like sardines. But it was lunch, so it was to be expected. The line moved quickly and the service was fast and friendly enough.I first noticed the pizza they had sitting out looked old and pretty dry. A little disappointing to say the least, especially since pizza is what my wife originally wanted. We opted for the meatball parmigiana sub and a riceball.The riceball was good, but nothing special. The meatball sub was pretty good. The meatballs were flavorful, and the marinara sauce was decent.  The bread was toasted and fresh. If there was any cheese it was very little. I guess this was the disappointment. The sandwich was tiny!!!. Not at all like i'm used to getting at an Italian Deli. Most deli's your so stuffed when your done, you roll out like a beach ball. No such luck here.Overall I'd give this Deli 2.5 stars. Service is friendly. Food is good, but i've had way better, portions are small, and the dining area is small and crowded. Much better options in Vegas.
4	When I walked in and saw the huge Boar's Head sign I figured this place might not be so bad. I was right. So I ordered a pastrami sandwich and they put a good amount of pastrami in it and the bread was good. I will stop by on a lunch break when in the area now that I know about this place. I saw they had some Dr. Brown's Black Cherry so I got one of those to have with my sandwich. I heard about it from my fellow OC yelper buddy, Rohlin so I had to try it! Very good!You can get oil, noodles, sauce, and more here. I noticed in the case they had homemade sausages (I will be trying these eventually) and a variety of olives. I was going to get a cannoli until I noticed them in the case filled. I prefer when the cannoli gets filled after you order it. They deliver.
5	Pizza cat, on occasion, likes dogs. She likes underdogs. She likes teams that go against all odds and still triumph because of heart, dedication and love. Cugino's is one such underdog. And Pizza Cat loooves Cugino's. In the day of mass chains bombarding the market, it is refreshing to find a small, family-run, Italian deli that could snub their noses to any of the big boys. Firstly, the food is excellent. There is nothing on the menu that is bad. Of course, Pizza Cat is partial to pizza, and Cugino's has excellent pizza. Their thin crust is perfectly crisp. Their Sicilian is perfectly chewy and flavorful. They even have a sign next to their pizzas that says, "Pizza is like sex, even when its bad, its still pretty good." Hahaha. These are people after Pizza Cat's own heart. The place would get 5 stars just on their pizza but they get 5+ stars because everything else Pizza Cat has tried has been good. Their White Clam pizza is amazing, so garlicky and clammy (don't get it if you don't like garlic or clams). The chicken cutlet is flavorful and made with real chicken. Their meatball sub is great. Their marinara sauce is great. Rice balls, antipasta salad, pepperoni rolls, garlic knots..... ALL AMAZING! Yum Yummer Yummiest. Pizza cat hasn't tried their sandwiches yet. There's only so many days a year. But she will update the review when she has tried some of their sammies. The prices on their pasta dishes scares Pizza Cat away. Hmmm.... one day when Tom Cat is paying. The only thing Pizza Cat wasn't thrilled about was their homemade sausages. Maybe Pizza Cat is too ghetto to like it. She does like the Johnson's variety and Cugino's is nothing like it. It's actually a bit bland and not what Pizza Cat is used to. Tom Cat didn't care for the clam pizza but that's because he doesn't like clams. Or garlic. Duh. Seems to be a family-run business, so prices are tad high. But that doesn't stop Pizza Cat from ordering a ton of food every week. Besides Pizza Cat has no problem paying more at a mom and pop shop. Support the local economy!
5	Had the meat ravioli and a side of sausage. Amazing food. Wife got penne with vodka sauce and grilled chicken. She requested we come back again which is rare for her. I will gladly oblige the next time we're in town. Diamond in the rough off the strip.
5	Great little place.... landed in Vegas and wanted to find a deli of some sort so we checked yelp, of coarse. So glad I did!! Found this place and stopped in for a  quick lunch, got Pizza, Meatball Sandwich, and fried Zucchini. It was so good that I forgot to take a picture of the food :) .. Would go back while in Vegas.
2	This place lacks a lot of customer service skills. I waited several minutes to place my order or even be acknowledged. When I finally was acknowledged there wasn't even a, "hello, how can I help you?" It was more like, "what do you want?" Then, when I left there wasn't even a, "thank you," or any sort of parting salutation. I was really disappointed in the sandwich. There was a good amount of meat but too much bread and not enough dressing.
5	The best in the Las Vegas. I dream about the pastrami sandwich from here. fresh marble rye. Also try the italian tripe soup. all the mozzarella is made fresh by mom. This is the super secret spot in Vegas.
5	Great experience. Good food, great service. Family owned and operated.  Hey, if Italians are eating here, so am I. We had the spaghetti and meatballs, fried ravioli and small rice ball. My wife and I were stuffed and are definitely coming back to try pizza and other items.
5	Everything I've had there has been excellent especially the pizza.  Probably the best pizza in Vegas.  Makes me feel like I'm back home in NY.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this little gem in the middle of Vegas.   While on vacation I always check Yelp for places to eat....I'm almost never disappointed.   My wife and I ordered the pastrami melt and shared the sandwich....soon I wished I had ordered my own sandwich.   The sandwich consisted of a lot of juicy and tasty pastrami with melted cheese, mustard and red onions on a marble rye bread...yummy.   It was so good we went back for dinner and brought our friends along.  The reuben melt was just as good but be sure to order these on the rye bread, they serve this on french bread but isnt the same.  We ended up having our last meal in Vegas there once again and will definitely be back the next time I'm in town.  This is a must go.
5	I don't ever write reviews but I feel obligated since I can't get enough of this place.  I am from Buffalo, NY and this place makes me feel write at home.  This is authentic as it gets from the employees to the patrons.  Definitely brings me back to my Grandparents cooking!  I just discovered Cuginos 2 weeks ago and have already been there 6 times, that should tell you something.
4	Went 2 nights in a row.  Great pizza and a nice classic Caesar salad.  Bathroom was spotless and dining area nice and clean too.
3	This is much better than most sub shops or Italian places here in the city. But if you are used to old school East Coast Italian you won't be too enthralled either. The actual menu has more offerings than the lighted board on the wall , just an FYI. The veal was real veal not some cheap patty, but it was a little tough. The calamari is a little expensive for what you get.  The sauce was fine, Very casual place, must be nice for people who live nearby because you can order online and get deli meats here etc too. The service was friendly in a slightly terse kind of way. The pizza looked good may try one day.
3	I am a bit torn on this place- the food was really tremendous. Large portions. However, the delivery driver was rude and they messed up my order and were downright unapologetic. I enjoyed the Rueben very much. The garlic knots were great. The kids enjoyed the pizza. However, they shorted me one order of bread knots on the delivery. when I called the restaurant, the accused me of lying. They then tried to blame the delivery driver. The driver then blamed the restaurant. Bad customer service.
4	This was a great place!. My husband and I love Italian foods and this was really awesome!We chose to go here following fellow reviewers and it was the best choice we've made in a while.My favorite was their fresh homemade mozzarella, OMG A+++And the sweet sausage was the bomb to say the least.We will definitely be buying all our items from here, especially anytime we make our large Italian dinners for special occasions!Awesome job guys thank you!
4	Really good pastrami and I had the meatball sandwich. The family who runs this place is really nice as others have said and that goes a long way with me at least when it comes to customer service. I am looking forward to trying the pizza since so many have said how good it is. The fact that I say that is a good indication of how good the food is.
4	Good to find  a true Italian deli. Actual meat on the sandwich and tasty at that. Grazie.
5	Came here last week and it was truly awesome! Had those garlic knots and never tasted anything remotely close to them, they were that great! Enjoyed the atmosphere and ambiance, truly seemed like a neighborhood hangout! Ordered a pizza, the one with six slices, and it was also great! Not my favorite but a close runner up! Had sausage and pepperoni on it and was very pleased!Next time an in Vegas this will be on my short list.
5	This is a lunch staple in this neighborhood. Lots of options hot and cold. Old school neighborhood type Italian deli, like east coast style - but in Vegas. Lots of charm and great great fresh food
5	Right off the bat, I would like to say the food at Cugino's is exceptional. By recommendation, I ordered the Donnie's Special Sandwich (chicken cutlets, fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, balsamic vinegar and oil, and some shredded lettuce and onions). It was absolutely amazing - the delicious chicken cutlet is homemade and the peppers and dressing add a vinegary mouthwatering twist making the sandwich much more Italian-like than I expected.I also got a few appetizers wanting to try as many dishes as possible on my first and only visit considering I am from out of state. I got a little bowl of assorted olives as I figured you can't go wrong with them (and I was right, they're supreme saltiness was on point), some delectable fried zucchini (served with mozzarella sauce on the side, delicious), and a few garlic knots (also superb). The aura of Cugino's was refreshing, casual, and authentic. The man who took my order was friendly and helpful with my inquisitions. He was rather surprised I was not from the area, making it seem as though most of the customers are locals, however, he was extremely welcoming and excited to serve us Cugino's delicacies. There are a plethora of reasons why I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Cugino's; all in all I highly recommend this Italian restaurant to anyone looking for an authentic and memorable meal!!
1	Had a pie delivered to our hotel. It was pseudo warm and very short on flavor. More than that, it smelled kind of stale.  If I didn't know any better I'd swear this pizza was made yesterday. And this frakking pizza wasn't cheap!!  I learned my lesson.  When in Vegas never order delivery pizza ever again.  Ever.  And, oh yeah, the garlic knots were just meh.
5	Had the Donny sandwich, chicken parm sandwich and NY style cheese pizza!!! Wow fantastic is what I gotta say...!!!
5	The best sandwiches, pizza, pasta and soup. Amazing food everything I tried is fresh from  scratch.  This family that's has amazing family secret recipes.
5	A real NY Italian Deli!It's off of Maryland Parkway directly in the plaza across the street from UNLV's student center (behind the Chipotle). Pros:-The New York/Italian accents-The fresh Italian ingredients available for purchase-NY style pizza, garlic knots-The rice ball...yum!-My friend really liked his hot pastrami-My sis in law said the cannoli was excellentCons:-It's so far from where I live!I have not found anything like this here on the west coast.  I'm an east coast girl at heart and this restaurant made me feel "home".  Nothing fancy about it...pretty straightforward.  Clean, fast, fresh, and inexpensive.  Can't ask for much more than that!
5	Wow, another winning restaurant in Vegas, and as usual, it's not even on the Strip.  Seriously, the next time I return, I'm not even going to BOTHER with the Strip at all, because all the good stuff is on the outskirts.  Cugino's is such a place.  This is sort of a combination restaurant/pizza shop/Italian goods store - it reminds me a LOT of Trinacria at home (which most Baltimoreans adore).  There's a deli where you can get specialty meats and cheeses, pastas, and other goodness.  My husband and I came here to eat, though, and eat we did!My husband got the Donnie sandwich, while I tried a pastrami melt.  Let me tell you, folks, that Donnie is something ELSE, okay?  The mozzarella, meat and vinegar combined into one huge taste explosion that I will quite probably remember for the rest of my days.  It was THAT good.  And the pastrami melt.... wow.  Huge, juicy, delicious.  I have never had any sandwich in my life that I liked more.  We ordered two cannolis for dessert and they went down perfectly with the meal.  Really, really good stuff.  Definitely rivals Trinacria here, my Baltimore friends, so you have GOT to come over to this place to eat when you visit Vegas.  If we lived here, this would be our go-to shop for Italian staples.We didn't try the pizza, but we overheard our neighbors-in-food raving about it - something about how they haven't had decent New York pizza since they left New York but they finally found it here.  So now you KNOW it's good.This is definitely worth a revisit when we come back to the area.  Don't miss this place.  The Yelp reviews are on target here.
5	This place is the real deal. Caprese salad, garlic bread, spaghetti and meatballs, salad, and veal parmigiana were all authentic and homemade in flavor. Nothing was too rich or greasy in flavor. It may look like a simple, plain eatery, but it has a very warm feel to it and you can also eat outside. We ordered so much we had leftovers, but that was the least of our worries because I looked forward to eating those delicious leftovers later.I like to eat on the Strip for convenience but don't be afraid to venture out a little bit to this place. The espresso was excellent, I must recommend!
5	So a few years ago my brother tells me this story about how a few high rollers from New York wanted their pool cabana catered by a local deli.  To make a long story short these guys wanted some of the best and authentic New York style deli and Italian food in Las Vegas.  So we figure lets go check this place out. I'm proud to say that after about 5 years this is still one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.  And that's not even with me getting to the food.  Julia and her family are the nicest, kindest,  sweetest people on this earth.  It doesn't matter if it's been a day, a week,  or a few months,  they take the time to chat with you.  Ask how the family has been and always have a smile on their faces. That awesome attitude translates into the food.  Fresh sauces made daily,  authentic New York style pizza,  garlic knots to die for,  and those rice balls.  When I first started going to Cugino's they weren't regularly available,  you had to ask or pre order them.  I always get the larger rice balls with the meat inside.  If you are eating in store ask them to heat it up and put some sauce and cheese on top. Everything from a basic plate of spaghetti to the linguini and clams is always top notch,  hot and amazingly fresh.
5	Best authentic NY pizza in Vegas, hands down. Garlic knots are phenomenal, fresh, and soft. Pizza made fresh on the spot. Delicious; no doubt a winner for Vegas' best Italian!!
5	Off the hook....As new York as new York gets... These guys owned lennys pizzeria (Saturday night fever ) and a famous meat market called A and S in brooklyn..I was in the pizza business and I know good pizza and cuginos pizza is the best not only in Vegas but west of the Mississippi!!!!!  Hands down.. Try there Sicilian pizza nobody  makes it in Vegas like Cuginos!!!! I think they make the best pizza in Vegas bar none!!!! They make there sausage in house and there rice balls are to die for...everything is fresh and there restaurant is immaculate you could eat off the floor.......
5	This place lives up to it's highly rated billing.  My wife says it's a classic Italian NY deli and the food is awesome.I had the grilled chicken sandwich with broccoli rabe (leaves) and it's very tasty.  The chicken breast is very moist and soaked in all of the flavors.  What a good deal at $9.99.My mother in law had the linguine with clams, which was cooked al dente.  Not bad, a classic dish, big portion.  Another good deal at $14.99.My wife had the pastrami sandwich, very lean meat but still moist and perfectly seasoned with a good peppery taste.  You won't ask "where is the beef" as the sandwich is huge.Ordered the garlic knots and rice balls as sides, as if we needed to eat more.  Both were excellent!  Goes well with the classic marinara sauce they provide.A great find, as I'm getting tired of the eating places on the Strip, getting too pricey.
4	Just wow. Being right across the street from UNLV is just so convenient. I came into this deli being really full but my friend offered me some Gelato, so I gave it a try. It was amazing one of the best Gelato I have ever had. I can't wait to come back and try their sandwiches.
3	I met two friends here yesterday for lunch.  We wanted to try several things but some of the normal crew couldn't make it.After a bit of confusion on our part about what to order and the idea of mixing sauces on one pizza-spearate for each half, we got our order in and then had a seat.  This is a no frills, small spot.  My one photo basically shows all the seating except for some not seen on the right.  You get your own plastic ware and napkins from a table to the left of the deli case and there are salt and pepper shakers there and some hot peppers and other spices you might want with Italian food.We first got fried gnocchi which were OK.  The marinara dipping sauce was good.  Two of us shared a fried rice ball with some tomato sauce and lots of cheese.  It was good.  Next, we had two pizzas.  Yes, three people eating two pizzas.  We got a thin style white pizza and a Sicilian style Margherita pizza.  Needless to say, one of left Cugino's with some leftovers--me.  Andrea enjoyed the pizza tonight.The pizzas were both good.  I'm spoiled by a white truffle pizza I'm used to getting so this white pizza was a little lacking.  The Margherita was good with a rich sauce and lots of melted cheese.  We also had an order of garlic knots with their good marinara dipping sauce.  For me, this was the star of lunch.  They had good garlic flavor that wasn't lost when dipped in the marinara.For dessert, we each had a cannoli.  Thank you M.This is a great lunch place for students because it's right across the street from UNLV's student center.  I think I'll stop in and try some of their deli salads.  That would be my reason for returning.  The rest was good but pretty standard Italian fare.
5	Pizza Cat has visited Cugino's two fistful more times since her last reviews and she says it's still one of her favorite spots! She reviewed mostly pizzas and apps in her last review, so this review will be dedicated to sammies! Wow, their sammies are good, as good as their pizzas. There's nothing too fancy about them, just good bread with tons of quality meat and cheese exploding out of them. Her favorite is the Cugino's Special (prosciutto, mozzarella, balsamic vinegar, and roasted peppers). This sammich is AMAZING. It is piled-high with high-quality prosciutto and topped with some of the best mozzarella cheese in town. For $10, it is a steal,  it feels like they're giving food away. Italian #2: Excellent. Pizza Cat got this on the recommendation behind the counter. Honestly, she doesn't care for cold-cut sandwiches much, but the capicola on this baby was delicious. There was no shortage on the salami and cheese either. This seems to be the public's favorite, as she always see someone ordering this sandwich every time she's here. Pastrami on Rye: pastrami piled high and served hot on rye bread with provolone. Nothing special, just damn good! Sure beats going to Carnegie deli and paying twice as much. Pizza Cat can say she has tried almost half their menu now but she can't review them all. But she'll give a quick quip on items she thought were just ordinary: chicken wings were good but the same you can find anywhere, white pizza - they use homemade ricotta! But really, end product was just as good as a handful of other places, fried gnocchi - nice and crispy but Pizza Cat thinks gnocchi is boring. She says pass and save stomach room for more pizza!
3	Items Selected:Garlic KnotsFried GnocchiNeapolitan Rice BallMargarita Sicilian - Fresh Mozzarella, Tomato Sauce, Fresh BasilWhite Pizza - Ricotta, Romano, Mozzarella, Italian SpicesRicotta CanolliLocated in a small complex just steps off the UNLV campus and part of my regular workday walking route Cugino's Italian Deli had long been on my "to do" list; a Saturday afternoon visit with two friends proving the rumors of pricy yet good East Coast Italian classics to be quite accurate.  Small in size and curt in customer service it was with admitted indecision that our group approached the Cugino's counter and ordering on-the-fly a six-part meal emerged, the $66 meal presented in four courses with plenty of leftovers and mostly impressive results.  Undoubtedly a red sauce joint despite a multitude of housemade salads and sandwiches it was with fried pillows of ricotta gnocchi that the meal began and with each creamy morsel crispy on the exterior but virtually oilless I was immediately impressed - a trend continued in the tender rice ball buried in house-pulled mozzarella and tangy marinara.  Obviously prone to over-ordering, particularly in small groups, our trio next doubled down on a pair of pies and while the thin white pie proved somewhat bland to my tastes with a mundane crust tinged with semolina the Sicilian dazzled as fresh mozzarella formed soft puddles amidst aromatic tomato sauce bright with acid and appropriately devoid of sugar.  Breezing through a plate of golden garlic knots aggressively seasoned with its namesake herb and kissed with butter before finishing the meal with pre-filled canolli already experiencing some sog it was with a bit of disappointment that I was informed neither house-made rainbow cookies nor tiramisu were available outside the freezer but with stomachs full and leftovers boxed as conversation flowed it would be hard to say I regretted much...except perhaps neglecting the tripe soup or eponymous Cugino's Special sandwich, both on the short 'there's always next time' list, though a repeat trek to similar-but-better Montesano's will most certainly come first.
1	The pizza was over prices and greasy and the staff was extremely rude. Placing the order on the phone, the guy talked down to me about how I made my original order (I said through yelp he corrected me on what the system is called like I know!) and when they came to deliver the lady called and was screaming at us like a manic like she had been there for hours. She called that one time. I would never recommend this place.
5	I visit Las Vegas quite a bit, and make it a point to stop at Cugino's before heading back to SoCal.  Its still the highlight of our Vegas trip.  Really!Our visit prior to this, we wanted to head back early and skipped coming and regretted it.  This time we made it a point to come for lunch.  I love seeing the great photos from other yelpers but I always seem to get the Italian #1.  I've yet to try anything else, as if getting something else may not be "as good" as my favorite sandwich.One day we'll try the pasta, or pizza, or even another sandwich.  Meanwhile, my go-to lunch is the Italian 1, and its perfect.Tiny place with plenty of parking. Located in a strip mall across from UNLV in the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf parking lot.
5	Get teleported to NY. This is a family run joint and it exceeds all expectations. Absolutely THE best Italian deli on the west coast easily. The pizza tastes just like back in NYC, the sandwiches are phenomenal, customer service is friendly and fast.
5	Let me just say this. As soon as we arrived in Vegas, Cugino's was our first stop before doing anything...3 days later, we had to stop by again before leaving Vegas! Yes, it's that good! And the family here are all awesome people. I'm starting to feel like one of the family members...love this place!!!
4	old school - the owner is most often there. It's a funny place close to UNLV - lot's of students - but solid ministroni and other dishes. Also great and big sandwiches.
5	Cugino's is my favorite Italian deli in town. Especially for the price. High quality food all around. I highly recommend the Cugino's Special (a sandwich made with prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, and marinated red bell peppers. And if you are still hungry, a rice ball or two.
5	Wow, I walked in the door and soon realized I was no longer in Las Vegas. The staff was friendly and attentive. They brought our meal to our table after it was prepared. We had a green salad, a Chicken Parm sandwich and a couple orders of Garlic knots.It felt like all the customers that streamed in (including a large family) were regulars - and I got the impression all the adults were from New York, and may were tattoo clad.The cold sandwiches are large. The hot sandwiches were smaller than I thought they would be - but delicious none the less.There was no music playing, which was a relief. I really hate music in restaurants. They had a couple TVs quietly playing a current sporting event.Tons of stuff to catch your eye and genuine Deli atmosphere really made this an enjoyable lunch. I would go again in a heartbeat.
5	This is my first review because I really loved this restaurant.  The food was exceptional! Going back soon!
1	Food
2	It took an hour and a half for delivery and they didn't brink my drink maybe they had an off day
5	Everything's imported from NYC and Italy, even the water for the pizza dough. This family run gem is rooted in NYC and has branched out. This is some of the best quality food I've found in Vegas.
5	I just love this place! Super friendly staff. & Super yummy food. The garlic knots are to die for. Pizza is excellent. Wide menu range. I've been happy with every order I've received, dine in, carry out or delivery. (:
5	Every time I come in Donny and his sons are always so attentive.  Pizza by the slice, zucchini fries and spumoni.... yum! Best part is it is across from UNLV so I can come on break and have some lunch! I love tge atmosphere of the deli too. My boyfriend said he felt like he was back in his hometown deli. (Boston)
4	A home away from home? Yup, that's exactly what this place is! You can buy home-made Italian food,  desserts, breads, meats, and much more! I enjoyed the Chicken Parm Hot Sandwich and it was amazing! You could share it between two people. (I was only able to eat half). Chicken parmesan is a popular dish but this has to be hands down the best I've tasted. For dessert I had a Cannoli, and the filling was finger licking good. Everything was so fresh and truly makes you feel like your eating a home-made meal! The location is hidden behind the Chipotle across from UNLV, so don't let the looks fool you!
5	this place is awesome!  my wife and i had the pastrami sandwich and the fried gnocchi.  the fried gnocchi was out of this world.  our sandwiches were huge we could have split one and been full.  we also got cannolis which were delicious. the guys behind the counter were very friendly.
5	Great authentic Italian deli! I had the Cugino's special. It was a great sandwich. The rest of the party had the chicken parm sandwich and another the Italian. Wish I would have tried it earlier because of its proximity to UNLV, but will still go eventhough I am no longer a student. Can't go wrong with these authentic New Yorkers!
5	Yum! Had the Italian #1 and rice ball. Good atmosphere and family owned business, nice people.
5	I raised my rating to five stars when I realized how much I was yearning to go back here. The Sicilian rice ball (the one with meat in the center) is perhaps the best thing you will ever eat if you are a risotto fan. Perfect! We also had garlic knots, an incredible meatball parm sub, and cheese pizza slices. Old-fashioned flavors in a deli where the folks at the next table may be conversing in Italian and where everything is prepared with loving care. I almost forgot the beautiful cookies and some of the best-looking sausages ever. Go here!
5	WOW, Fresh daily , out standing people ! Food is so remarkable here , you'll come back just to get them Sandwishs , meats, cold cuts and all fresh not frozen
2	I was in Las Vegas for work and I wanted a quick take out Italian meal. I ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo and mozzarella sticks from the online option on Yelp. I arrived and picked up the food and noticed the shop was kind a cool "old school Italian deli style" The guy behind the counter was nice and gave me my food and I was off to the hotel.When I opened the M.Sticks they appeared to be your garden variety frozen cheese sticks. I tasted them and confirmed there was nothing special here. The marinara sauce was tasty and really salvaged the cheese sticks for me.Next I opened the Fettuccine Alfredo the portion was huge and it looked good but when I tasted it it had little or no flavor. It was like eating a frozen dinner. Fettuccine Alfredo is one of my guilty pleasures but this was not worth the calories.Sorry I will not be going back here.
4	Found my new favorite. Boar's Head meats. This place reminds me of the old Siena deli. Love it!
4	This is by far the best Italian deli I've been to in Vegas. It's family owned and operated. The people in there are friendly and treat you like family. The food is out of this world. I ordered the hot pastrami and the meat was piled high (great value) it came with thinly sliced red onion and spicy mustard on a marble rye homemade bread. Truly one of the best sandwiches in town. I will definitely return and bring some friends.
5	Walking into Cugino's it's like you walked into a deli somewhere in NYC. I'm a sucker for authentic Italian food, and Cugino's is where it's at. Reasonably priced in my opinion, great quality food, and friendly service. Their meatballs are to die for and their canolis are delicious! Definitely a must try, and it's so convenient being right across the street from UNLV!
5	My family and I were visiting from Texas and stopped here after reading the reviews.  I am so glad we did!  We were very impressed with the food and service.  It was one of our favorite places.  We live in Dallas and get tired of chain restaurants with no heart.  We loved this place, family owned with a lot of pride.  It was obvious in the food.
3	Food was okay, but not spectacular.  I have been spoiled by very good Italian food.  Especially the Italian sandwiches.  These sandwiches were okay, but a bit blander than I am used to.  The pizza was also bland.  If you are looking for this type of items, go out of your way to Spaghetty Western off southern highlands parkway in Las Vegas.  They have an incredible Italian sandwich and make their own pasta.
4	This place was pretty sweet. I got the pastrami on rye and whoa they pack that thing down with a ton of meat. Definitely a good deal. I also tried the cheese pizza. It very new york style; lots of grease, lots of cheese lol. All in all it was a great place to eat. Make sure you get there early cuz it gets packed.
5	This place is legit!!! My first time after hearing about it from friends.  I am definitely returning and OFTEN.  The flavor was intense for me and authentic.  I split some food with friends and had half of the pastrami sandwich and a slice of pizza which was very yummy! Of course, I couldn't leave without trying their spumoni which topped it all...bits of chocolate and pistachios mixed within the flavors. Prices were very reasonable. Wanting my next date night there :)
5	Wow, after a week of over paying for food at several strip restaurants, and being underwhelmed ( read my Spago review ), a fantastic surprise. Our flight doesn't leave until 11:15 pm so we checked out of Planet Hollywood. We booked a room at a great very boutique feeling Fairfield inn on Paradise Rd instead of being miserable hanging around the airport and decided to order take-out. The lady at the desk recommended Cuginos. We ordered online and it came direct to our room. It was hot and absolutely delicious. We ordered for two and they delivered enough food for at least four hungry people. It also tasted like authentic Italian. I highly recommend this place. Great value and great food.
4	Recently new to Las Vegas from New York, I was dying for an authentic NY style deli. This is the exact place I'd been looking for! It is extremely authentic and reminds me so much of home. The Italian 1 & Italian 2 sandwiches are incredible, with the typical fixings of Capicola, provolone, salami. The sandwich is a good size for the price and the bread is to die for. I plan to come here often just so I can get a little piece of NY, with NY accents and all. Next time I definitely plan to go for the hot subs and even maybe a cannoli.
5	Delicious doesn't even cut it. Mouth watering gets a little closer to the truth. Deli to die for is even closer. If you are looking for a GENUINE Italian Mom and Pop joint in Vegas this is it. We will eat here over and over again. Absolutely incredible.
4	Very nice! Cugino's is one of the few true Italian delis in town, and they have a good assortment of what people from back East are used finding.Yes, there are plenty of popular favorites that we all know: pizza, meatball subs, chicken parmigiana, etc., and there are also some traditional Italian foods you might not be familiar with.I have an "old world" Italian heritage thanks to my mom. Every St. Joseph's day, she made arancini, and every Easter she made a pizzagiana. When I first found Cugino's I was floored! Arancini readily available! Mortadella in the deli case! Checkerboard cookies by the dozen! Frozen sfogliatelli to take home and bake!If you've been looking for food like Nonna used to make, or you're feeling a little adventurous, or you just want some good pizza by the slice, head to the University district and give Cugino's a try.
5	Wow, stuck inside during the crazy floods, and so happy to find this gem on Yelp that delivers!!!  We did a half-and-half pizza and also a pastrami sandwich, wow, NYC authentic!  I wish we would've found this before our last night here,  but we will definitely go back on our next trip here!
5	Best deli in Vegas.  Best deli maybe in the county.  I'm in Vegas 4 times a year mostly for work or trade shows and this place is a MUST.  It is family owned and what a wonderful service and quality oriented family they are!They make their own cheese.They make 100% authentic Italian food.Their bread is OUT of this world.Their food is DELICIOUS.If you really want a nice comfy hometown spot to sit and enjoy a great sandwich, this is the place to come.  I'm there end of November and can't wait to order sandwiches and salad from here!
5	This Italian deli/restaurant always impresses me.  Reminds me of New York. Not fancy. Just really good food. Always. Nuff said!
4	Great food and even better prices. Everyone I know, including myself raves about their Italian sub. But don't overlook their other subs, the meatball and Italian beef are also delicious and worth a try. Remember to get there before noon, the line can work it's way out the door on occasion.
4	Came with the family and ordered fried zucchini, 2 philly cheese steaks and a sausage and peppers/onions sandwich.  All were very good.  They have also serve Pelligrino by the large bottle so were given a few cups to share.  Located in a strip mall right across the street from UNLV.  Fairly large and they have a large TV so you can watch football while eating.  A steady stream of customers in and out.  Prices were a little steep as just a sandwich was $8.99, but they do offer daily specials, which I didn't notice the board until after ordering.  Solid choice though.
5	Probably the best meal I had in Vegas last weekend.My brother and I stopped by after flying in. We split the Italian Sandwich and a Meatball parm. The food is great and the people there are really nice. Do yourself a favor and drive out here.
4	Update:  I was back in town and stopped by Cugino's.  I was only here a couple days so was limited on my meals but had one of my meals at Cugino's.  I had the pastrami sandwich on marble rye again and was not disappointed!  It was as good if not better than I remembered.  Can't wait to go back there again!
5	Love the caprese sandwich, calzone, and pizza!
5	Authentic Italian food! Best meal my husband and I had in Vegas. I had the  lasagna and it came with a side salad and two pieces of bread. My husband had the Italian sausage. We both enjoyed our food but the lasagna had the most flavor from the two. We also tried the garlic knots and they were delicious. This is place will not disappoint.
5	Fast delivery. Very delicious pizza and wings. Also tried the Gino's special sandwich sooo Good
5	Always excited when I drop in at Cugino's! I get my favorite sandwich, which I don't believe is even on the menu. The Donny Special...you can't go wrong. It's a secret so shhhh. Of course they get it right with their pizza. This place is authentic which is tough to find in Vegas. Frank, Donny and Company are awesome! Thanks for the great food.
5	Rainy day in LAS so decided I needed some down home Italian food items. Thanks yelp for directing me here! Ah - ma - zing! Went for late lunch and asked the guy at the register what I should have - he said chicken parm entree (w/ salad & pasta) & I was not disappointed! Chicken was tender and delish - and sauce (home made) was so tasty. Can't wait to go back and try some of their home made sausages & cheese. Also, peeps who work there are super nice and friendly - always a major plus!
5	Great little Italian deli/restaurant with imported grocery items also.
5	I had the opportunity to lunch in the cafe near the Met Opera. Burger of the house + accompaniments. I have not been seduced by the kitchen, for against their home cheese cake with strawberries and whipped cream is to die for. I have tasted a lot in NV but it's the only place I finished it and loved it! I returned for a snack break only. The setting is nice, it spends a good time. The service is impeccable.
5	I do so love a good sandwich.  The Italian #2 was the sandwich in question and was enough to last me through two meals.  The roll was perfect and the fillings were generous and tasty.  Too bad it's not in my neck of the woods, or I would definitely want to try more from the menu.
5	Thank you pizza Gods, for bringing me this delicious slice of pie.  The reviews don't lie - this place is LEGIT!! I'm not usually big on Italian food, but a good slice of pie?  That's a different story.  Everything about their pizza is fresh - the crust was the perfect thickness and texture (crunch on the outside, soft in the middle,  just the right amount of (homemade) cheese, and perfectly cooked toppings.  I'm usually a one-slice kind of girl, but I couldn't stop eating this pizza.  Oh - and the garlic knots?  I bought three (two for the b/f, one for me)...and I ate two of them myself before I even got the pizza home.GO HERE.  It will not disappoint!
5	I'd give them 10 stars if  I could!! Donnie you're the man...  some of the best people in the valley run this place. Best deli hands down in Las Vegas. Best pizza, best sandwiches and best homemade sausage. Best homemade mozzarella too. Do yourself a favor and go eat here. Thank you to the Cugino family for being as great as you are and making me fatter through the years!!
5	I've been going to Cugino's for over 10 years and I have yet to find something disappointing. After all this time it is still my favorite Italian joint and deli in Vegas. A lot of people come here for their pizzas and pastas, which are all good. But what really puts this place over the top for me is their sandwiches. Any of their parmigianas are excellent, and you can't go wrong with their pastrami, reuben, or turkey sandwiches either. Do yourself a favor and get Donnie's Special sometime. In fact, almost anything they put in between bread is worth trying. On top of great deli products they also have a section next to the checkout counter where they sell some quality stuff including roast peppers, marinated mushrooms, marinated eggplant, grilled vegetables, sausage, and stromboli. They're all blackout good. Don't forget to also try their garlic knots, seasoned fries, and Sicilian rice balls, all of which are also made in-house and are amazing. They also have incredibly tasty sweets like cannolis and cheesecake, both of which rank among the best I've ever tried from anywhere. You'll need countless trips to this place just to try everything they have to offer, and chances are you won't anytime soon because you'll probably end up buying some of the same things over and over again. Vegas is very lucky to have a great deli such as this and I hope they'll stick around for many years to come.
5	Love their spaghetti & meat balls ! Their four cheese raviole is also good. I also tried their Philly cheesesteak. All good!
4	After a day of driving, we ended up having dinner at Cugino's.  We shared a #2 Italian Sub, a small rice ball, and garlic knots.  The knots aren't as amazing as everyone said, but the sandwich was great. Lots of meat and not too messy. We'd come back next time!
5	Excellent. It's an Italian deli, pizza, and grocery in one. The bread for sandwiches is fantastic and their pizza is just the style served in Rome (pan style pizza vs. thin neapolitan style for the uninitiated).Great staff. Next to UNLV and relatively near the strip.
1	Not very often you have a bad pizza.  I mean it's pizza!!! How can one mess that up?   Well this place found a way to do so.  The crust was very tough hard to bight through.  The Italian does not taste like Italian sausage at all, more like plain pork sausage.  The sauce is bland.
4	YO, DAT CANNOLI THOSeriously. Their spaghetti and meatballs were meh. I bet their pizza is great, I bet a bunch of their other items are amazing.But I took ONE BITE of that goddamn cannoli and it knocked my socks off.Cannoli are done...so bad...like...wow. No one knows how to make a proper one, except this place.Sooooo, I bought a dozen as gifts for friends. And one more giant one for myself. Because reasons.
5	I could go nuts in here!  Everything looks so good, I only ordered a salad, but got a hero for my husband so we'll see what he thinks!
5	I love Cugino's. I lived in Las Vegas for 2 years and I have to say that Cugino's was the best part about the whole city. I want to thank the Cugino's family for blessing me with their existence. If it weren't for them, I would have lived a fruitless life in Las Vegas. I found the courage to get out of bed every morning only because I knew that at some point in the day, I would be graced with the privilege of eating one of Cugino's sandwiches. The people that work at Cugino's are true humanitarians. If you go, get the Italian #2. Or if you are feeling frisky, ask Donny for his special sub, you wont regret it, and neither will he. Thats all I have to say.
