5	Who knew? A darling Italian Market in Matthews ..down from the Siskey YMCA!  Full of great Homemade Sausage, Rice Balls, Eggplant Parm, Lasagna Rollups, Tiramisu, and lots of imported pasta and goodies! Great Friendly owners, homemade mozzarella and a full service meat market. I was thrilled  being from Chicago to find some of my ethnic goodies... please visit them! I bought lots of things today and I will let you know how everything tastes..I did sample the sausage in the store and it was great!!
4	Updated 9/2012 I have since tried their heroes and they are great. This is a good place to know about. If you need a quick dinner just buy some of their sausages, make a quick tomato sauce and pop the pasta in the pot; within 30 minutes you will have an impressive and inexpensive dinner to put on the table (don't forget some red table wine).  Drop those Harris Teeter sausages and go to Enzo's for excellent sweet or hot Italian sausages; you won't find better in Charlotte. They also do some prepared Italian dishes which friends say can't be beat, I myself prefer my to cook my own dishes, They also do sandwiches which are on my list to try soon.
5	best italian sausage around. you must stop by and try some - simply amazing!
5	You have to try the meat balls. They are fantastic. He also has a variety of sausages that are out of this world. I am pleasantly surprised to see such great food coming from such a little hole in the wall place.
5	This place is insanely good.  Homemade everything.  Sausage cant be beat, sandwiches, and other italian classics are excellent as well.  Highly recommend!
1	We were there Xmas eve for lunch, I'm pregnant and had a prosciutto sandwich craving, there was only one customer and us and they old us no sandwiches on Xmas eve!!! What??? Easy way to loose a customer :/
4	Fantastic, ecclectic, local Italian shoppe in the middle of nowhere, Stallings, NC.  The owner, Enzo, apparently moved from his native Italy to NYC where he opened a similar shoppe in NYC.  It did well, but much like many of us who transplanted here to NC, he couldn't stand the winter so he relocated his shoppe from NYC to Stallings.  He's got a fantastic selection of fresh made sausages, fresh and dried pastas, sauces, wine, cheese, you name it.  All of it made from the highest quality, fresh ingredients.  I'd strongly recommend the hot italian sausage for use in your red sauce - out of this world! The only knocks I can think of on this place are the location (it's not convenient if you live outside of the Matthews/Stallings area) and the fact the shoppe isn't larger with more stuff in it.  The other thing I'm dying for him to produce would be fresh bread.  Actually one week I stopped by and his mother was visiting from Italy (didn't speak a word of English).  She was actually in town and made bread for them to sell.  Now I'm not one to complain, but Enzo - your mom is showing you up!  Step it up, brother!If you like Pasta & Provisions on Providence road, you've got to give Enzo's a try.
3	Good authentic Italian/ NY style sandwich.  Owner and wife are not the friendliest people.
5	We went to Enzo's for the first time today. Among other things - such as mascarpone and the correct ladyfingers (Savoirardi) for tiramisu - we bought some of Enzo's homemade Italian sausage. We grilled it this evening. Wish we had bought ten pounds! This is the absolute best Italian sausage I've had since I was girl growing up in an Italian community in CA. My husband, who did not grow up Italian, said he's never had a better sausage. We will definitely be back at Enzo's for more.
5	I love this place! Very authentic Italian.. you feel like you are there. The sandwiches are made on fresh baked bread, with lots of meat and cheese. all for only $7.. awesome. you can take whole meals home with you and are delish looking. I will go back many times. I actually think the owners are charming, they make you feel like you are in Italy:) and they have always been super nice to me.
2	If you are looking for sandwhich's, this is not the place to go.  The service was extremely slow mainly because nothing had been prepped. It was as if making a sandwhich was a first time occurrence at this place.
4	I grew up surrounded by good Italian food, and let me tell you, this place is the real deal.  I was a bit nervous when I walked in and saw a small rack of sauces and olive oils you could easily buy at any grocery store, but once I made my way past this I found some delicious treats! Definitely an authentic, albeit small, Italian butcher shop that offers some excellent catered food, homemade essentials and dessert.  If you want to taste some good New York Italian style offerings, its better, and less expensive, than any Italian restaurant in Charlotte. I would like to also say that given some of the other reviews on Yelp I almost didn't make the trip from Rock Hill.  I suppose I learned my lesson!  Let's remember that this is real Italian food, and not the takeout you get from the Olive Garden.In conclusion, if you are fiening for some good Italian, don't listen to the people who can't spell sandw(h)ich, and go - see this place for yourself!
5	This place is a hidden gem. Hands down the best sandwiches ever. The meat, cheese and bread are fresh and the quality is the best around bar none. I eat here all the time more than once a week. A real Italian New York feel. Want wine or fresh pasta? Home made deserts or prepared fresh dinners to go they have it all from sauces to pastas and meatballs and chicken cutlets. I could go on and on but amazing sums it up. Top quality great people
5	I love you guys! I love everything in this place food is great! Thank you so very much!
5	It's not often one can find a GENUINE Italian Market & Deli.  Enzos is definitely that.  At last a great place to find a variety of house-made sausages (without additives like corn syrup) that taste fantastic.  House-made Italian bread on the weekends and too many prpared dinner entrees to write about.  We especially like the Italian sausage pinwheels with spices and parsley.  They are all terrific however.This small little place tucked next door to a huge Asian market just off Old Monroe Rd. is a real find.  Enzo is a real talent.
5	Just shopped here for the holidays. I got meatballs, sauces, coffee cake, olives, 4 gift certificates, and cheese. The whole family was happy and working hard.  Shopping at small businesses is a WIN-WIN!
