2	3 of my family members got sick after eating their guacamole.  1 extra star because it at least tasted good while eating it.  Even if it did make us sick for the next day or 2.
4	I pretty much lived on this stuff for a year. The service was always great and the prices are good. The veggie nachos are great, they load them up with queso. If you order chips & salsa you'll get a bag of chips so huge you won't be able to finish them.
1	I really love Mexican food. A lot. And I cannot stand to eat at this restaurant. I've had a few different things on the menu, but I am just never satisfied with the quality of their meat. Every time I've had anything with chicken on it I've been greatly disappointed. Qdoba is basically the only restaurant I will not eat at. And I will eat almost anything.
2	There was a time when I ate at this Qdoba nearly every day, but those days are long gone. The food is pretty standard, but I got sick of paying $6-7 for a naked burrito with literally nothing but rice, meat, and pico on it every day. I also grew tired of the inconsistency of their meat. Sometimes the chicken would be overcooked and I'd just be crunching on charred bits of chicken, or the pulled pork would be nothing but fatty pieces. I just can't justify leaving lunch smelling like fried tortilla chips for the rest of the day if the food isn't even good.The service and cleanliness also leaves a lot to be desired. While, yes, I'm typically there during the lunch rush, the quality of both has never impressed when stopping in during the evening, either.Assuming you can find a bottle with sauce left in it on their messy drink stand, the only saving grace of this Qdoba is that they have Cholula hot sauce. With enough of that on my burrito, I can tough out nearly anything they'll serve up. Too bad I can't douse the staff with it, too, to give them a reason to act as miserable as they do.
1	I hate this location. They barely ever have the fajita veggies or squash already made and they charge me a different rate EVERY time. It's convenient...but it sucks!
3	I work close to this Qdoba in Southside Works, so I've been here relatively frequently over the last several years. I really enjoy their queso and tortilla chips, but needless to say, this isn't very healthy to eat often. I usually order a combination of soft and hard tacos which are tasty but very sloppily put together. Overall, it's an OK spot to drop by for lunch every few weeks or so... but not much more than that.
2	Color me unimpressed with this place....I ate here twice once about a year ago and ordered a chicken burrito it wasnt on special so it ran around 8$ with tax. I promptly went home and made my own because I could do it for so much cheaper and get 4 portions out of it. This time I tried the chicken tacos, my coworker had chicken nachos and her food got a little more love than mine.When it came to my tacos the guy assembling was rushed so he scrimped on just about everything plus the tortillas are pretty tiny teeny and not warmed or toasted. Then theres toppings which arent listed on the menu so I had no idea what i would be charged extra for-- theres a 2 for 6.49 lunch option but my friend said those portions are smaller. So 2 stars for service, 1 star for price for quality of food, its basic chain tex mex. Menu is a little limited and price for what you get.Eh- next time i'll do Chipotle.
2	I'm usually always satisfied when I go to the downtown or Oakland location, but this location is just way off the charts. We stopped in one evening before a late movie to avoid the costly movie theater food.  (plus it was friday and everyone loves $5 burrito fridays!).We went in at about 10 minutes before closing time-- which i didnt realize until we walked up & noticed the hours on the door. As we were walking in, all of the employees starred at us as if they were so confused why no one locked the door and how/why we came in this late. We go up to the ordering area and pretty much everything had been taken down. One nice worker was kind enough to go in the back and get the things we wanted on our burrito while a very rude female worker giggled at him because it was our fault he was doing extra work. The same  female worker said in a very bad tone "go lock the door so no one else comes in" The entire time she was making our burrito she was too preoccupied with the other employee to even have a quick small talk with us to earn our business in the future- it was like a sad junior high scene of flirting. It was seriously an awkward moment and I just wanted out of there!  I didn't feel welcomed and because of that the south side Q'doba will never have $1 of my hard earned money.I can only hope that the manager sees all of the numerous terrible reviews for this location and gives them a good lesson in customer service because it is non-existent here.  I've never had an issue with downtown, oakland or shadyside/bloomfield location so we all know that it could get wayy better.
2	Founded in 1993, Chipotle Mexican Grill has expanded from a 16-restaurant venture to a 1500+ adventure. While they don't necessarily offer the best or most authentic burrito experience, the fast-casual franchise features efforts in organic ingredients, a secret menu, an excited staff, great branding, and a customer base featuring all types of social groups--stoners to businessmen to even sorority girls admitting guilty pleasures.And then there's Qdoba, abused for its free queso coupons and appreciated as a solid alternative when the lines are too long at its competitor. I felt like ordering my burrito was a chore for the person at the counter. I felt rushed through my order even though I was the only customer in line. No one smiled. The black beans were runny. Having queso and tortilla strips are a solid addition to the buffet of choices, but at the end of the day, something isn't being done right at this location...at least the Oakland spot has a bar upstairs.
1	Just moved from TX to Pittsburgh and I'd been craving some good Mexican food. I finished up some light shopping in the area and decided to give Qdoba a shot...big mistake! I'd never eaten at a Qdoba before this incident and most likely never will. I did not know it was cafeteria style food but decided to try them out anyway...hey you never know right? Unfamiliar with their menu I go with the craft two, quesadilla and nachos. The cheese quesadilla was ok but the nachos were luke warm at best! Who sells luke warm queso on nachos? I politely asked the manager if my food could be reheated and I was given was a whole lot of attitude! I was there by myself and the manager did a really good job of embarrassing me and making me feel un-welcome. She was very argumentative, rude, and combative. All I wanted was hot food, I swear. I'm an easy going person and I understand how it is working in guest service but I don't condone or tolerate being rude to others! It's not necessary. But what blows my mind is that SHE IS THE MANAGER!!! Really?  She kept saying I'm sorry I can't heat up your food. I said can I just please have hot queso. So she puts some cheese in a ramican and hands it to me. No, I aplologize let me make it right or anything. Instead she made it seem like it was my fault and how dare I expect to get my money's worth! I sat down and called a friend in NYC describing my experience. I didn't even want to eat anymore. She just humiliated me in front of others! I went up to her letting her know how I felt and she still wouldn't listen. She just kept talking over me and continuing to be rude to me. I had to call corporate. They listened and offered coupons to give them another shot but honestly I'm not ever going back to a Qdoba again because of this location! The Caucasian manager with the chubby face, long kookaid red hair with the nose ring ruined my experience! Thanks a lot! Word of advice customers don't expect to get cold food...they expect for it to be hot and if it's not the customer expects for you to be apologetic and to offer to make it right! No exceptions!!! There's no excuse for bad service ever!!! I wish I could rate it zero stars!! Don't eat here!! You've been warned!!
1	I went to this Qdoba a few times. No matter what I ordered, it was always bland. No amount of almost empty bottles of Cholula hot sauce could make up for it. They also have no idea of portion control when it comes to guac. Which means if you're getting some, prepare for two small avocado's worth.Although this place seems to have a reputation for bad customer service, my service has been pretty okay overall. Their pricing can be a bit weird at times though. They are not very consistent with what they do and don't change more for.
4	i have always had good service and good food here.  the mango mojo is great.  the drink machine is amazing, so many flavors.  The place is clean.  They have free wifi.  You really cant go wrong here.
2	Typically, I prefer qdoba over chipotle. But I was disappointed in the quality of the food in this particular location. I am a big Qdoba fan. I go to college in Oakland and two years ago, I literally are at Qdoba every week, I love it! But this location just didn't cut it for me last time I went. I ordered a veggie quesadilla. Easy right? Something that can't be messed up? Wrong. The woman working was very nice, although they appeared to be pretty disorganized in the kitchen. She asked if I wanted any rice on my quesadilla to fill it out a little more and I said sure why not. Basically, the rice wasn't cooked enough, there was barely any cheese on my quesadilla and it was tasteless and falling apart. The best part of the entire meal was the side of guacamole. I still love Qdoba, but I won't return to this location.
