3	For the most part good service.  I've never had to worry about getting ripped off and the actual work is good.  The only negative experience is once when I dropped my car off first thing in the morning and was told they would take a look at it by lunchtime.  I called multiple times during the day and was assured they would look at it, but when I went to pick it up at closing time, it was in the exact same parking spot as where I left it- they left it there all day and never looked at it!
5	We have been going to Fletcher's for years now. They have always had fast service and fair prices.
5	Super impressed with this location. Had another auto shop tell me I needed brakes and other stuff done. I got a groupon for here and went to have the work done. They were honest and told me I didn't actually need most of the stuff I asked for. Hands down the most honest place I have found in the industry.
2	It would probably be helpful to remember that if you set expectations it is better to under promise and over deliver.  Also, if you have too much business, raise your prices.  People will pay a little more for better service.
1	This is my first time I brought my car in to this shop.  In fairness I bought my tires at this place at a great price.  It was also difficult to find my tires in general.  This is where the positives end.  The service took about 1.5 to 2 hours longer than promised.  They didn't provide a printout for the alignment they did, which is always provided by other shops.   Two weeks after I purchased and had the tires installed, I felt a vibration in the steering wheel and waited a few weeks before I brought the car for an inspection.  The diagnosis was that all the weights on the wheels (for balancing purposes) have come off.  In my 28 years of driving I have never experienced or heard about this happening.  Not sure how this could happen.  In addition, since I left the car before they opened that day, I was expecting a call that never came.  Good thing I called because they were about to do service that I didn't request and not do what I wanted done in the first place. Lastly, they never called to let me know that the car was ready for pickup until I called later in the day.  Overall, between the two times I've been at this shop, I have nothing good to say.  While I don't recommend this shop, it still is worth checking their website for good deals on tires.  I would just have the tires installed somewhere else.  Thanks.
1	BUYER BEWARE!!!!!    My wife had a tire losing air so I decided to look on Yelp for some place with decent reviews and I picked Fletchers which is right around the corner of my house.  I asked them to patch the tire and then rotate the tires.  I took it in the morning and they called me finally late afternoon and I expected them to tell me that my car was done and I needed to pick it up.  Oh Noooooo.....  They told me that the puncture was on an edge and unfixable and that I needed a new tire....and the tread on the other three tires is also unsafe...and went into a sales pitch that I had to cut off. I told the sales guy that I would be there in 15 minutes to pick up my car and that I would take it someplace else for a second opinion.  My wife has a friend that told us to try Gene's Auto Works in Tempe....a little far but way worth the drive.  Sure enough....they took the tire off and found the hole smack in the middle of the tire.  They fixed the tire on the spot in 15 minutes....told me the tread on my tires is perfect and we were on our way......Fletchers has lost all of my future business and is very unethical.  I would be very careful before I let these guys do any work on my car and know they will try and scam you for sure!
5	We love Fletcher's we have been going to them for years now. Tires, oil changes, you name it. I just learned about the new reward program. This is fabulous! it will help me save on some things now and on future purchases. I encourage everyone to take advantage of this program it can help you save more $$ and that is what we all want right.
