3	Pretty cool how they have a toy store in the mall. Its small in here, but what do you expect at a mall? Just came here for for a few minutes to check it out and my son picked up a few beyblades to add to his collection. Other than that everything here is just like a normal toy store without the big expensive stuff.
4	This place is located in the Outlet Mall and although it's small, they seem to have a pretty good selection of toys.  The best part is that it seems the manager/workers actually care about the store.  It was clean and the majority of the toys were on their prospective shelf/peg.
4	Located at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets - South.  It's a bit small, but it has a decent selection of toys and the prices were GREAT.  We were able to find Octonaut figurines (if you don't have kids who watch Disney Jr., don't bother asking what this is) that we weren't able to get at home and which were much more expensive online.  Win - win!  Plus the employees were friendly and attentive.
4	Takes all affiliated store gift cards. We got one from a friend and applied additional funds in order to get our little one some gifts.Aisles are a bit narrow with strollers and other customers on a busy day/night. This is about the only store in this outlet mall entirely dedicated to kids and toys. There are a few here and there (VS outlet), with some child items. Has toys for both boys and girls, greeting cards, stickers, video games, etc. Well-stocked, clean, and pretty much in order, every time we visit. (I hate shopping in a messy environment). Glad that this store has remained here, as the pop-up stores rarely last past Christmas time (like the one that was at Town Square).
5	On our last day in Las Vegas, we decided to spend the morning at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets - South.  My nieces and I spotted the Toys r Us Outlet and happily walked in.I was able to find some Disney Jr. action figures for my nieces (that was not available at the Toys r Us back home) at a good price! The employees were helpful and friendly. Would definitely shop here again on our next trip to Las Vegas.
