1	Went in on Saturday for lunch.  Customer service was pretty poor.  Parking lot is not great due to ABC Store, Goodwill, and IHOP.   Biggest disappointment is their delivery area does not include the neighborhoods on the west side of Lancaster Highway.  It seems if you have a Pineville address, they do not want your business.
2	Visited the newest Jimmy John's in our area on Sunday afternoon. The place still has that "new store feel" it's so squeaky clean, but what made it really seem like a brand new Jimmy John's was the lack of experience from the people behind the counter.My husband ordered a #9 and asked for hot peppers as well. This completely flummoxed the young woman working the register, but after a couple of confused looks one of the guys making a sandwich said something to her and she put the order in.Next up, I ordered a #2, also with hot peppers. She repeated my order back to me, even as she got it wrong on the register.My husband received his sandwich with maybe 3 hot peppers on it. My sandwich had none, and the receipt showed she didn't include it when she rang us up.Everything about the people working there just screams "NEW!!!!" right now. I had to ask her to give me a cup for the drink I ordered after she just turned away from us to help the next customer. The wait for our sandwiches wasn't long but it was comical watching the guy behind the counter reposition each of our sandwiches several times, moving it by millimeters precisely before wrapping it.This was the worst experience we've had at Jimmy John's. I've never had them get my order wrong before. It wasn't a TERRIBLE experience in the grand scheme of things, but it's definitely below the standards I've seen in their Pineville store. I'll give this new location another chance, but not for another month or two so the staff gets a chance to learn how to ring up orders correctly.
4	I go here and get delivery a lot.  While parking isn't the easiest, the food is always good, the staff are friendly, and the delivery is quick.
2	Not food related, but I just had one of the delivery drivers pull out right in front of me, after I swerved around him to not run into him, he gave me the finger! Wow, pretty professional...Driving a gold colored SUV with a bunch of flags on it.
1	I don't understand how you offer delivery and I literally live on the same road, less than two miles away and you don't deliver to my area. Seriously the SAME road?! It doesn't make sense to me.
4	This location is equally as good as the other JJ's locations I've visited.  Very fast, great sandwiches...that's all I want.
4	JJ's is great, love to go there for a fresh sub.#9 Italian is a great selection. the Chocolate chip cookie!The BBQ Chips are amazing. Not super expensive at JJ'sParking Lot is smaller than most.
