5	This wonderful woman is so good at keeping my wardrobe up to date! If you are trying to get the most of your fashion budget, why not update what you have?I have been using her for years. She is fast and very good. She can shorten hems to update a dress or skirt. Or maybe you need her to make your skinny jeans skinnier, she can do it. You can even take her things that you bought on sale that maybe were not just the right fit. Elizebeth is your gal. She is also great at repairs.Definitely a thrifty find for all you budget minded fashionistas out there. Now clean out your closet!
5	Elizabeth is amazing.  She has helped me in urgent situations now twice!  The first was a ball gown I needed taken in with very short notice and jut today she hemmed a flower girl dress I needed by tomorrow night...she isn't even open on Monday's!  And she is very reasonable.  Thank you Elizabeth!  I will never take my clothes anywhere else!
5	What would I do without Elizabeth and her alterations.  My friend, Norma has been going to her for years.   As far as Norma, is concerned, there isn't anything that Elizabeth can't do and do well.  Based on number of customers she has and what I have seen people bring in, I am inclined to agree.  I also include wedding gowns and the number of delighted brides I have seen being fitted and picking up their gowns.  If you can do thet, well...What I think makes Elizabeth special is there obvious knowledge of style and fabrics and fit.  I base this opinion on having personally worked with women's fashions for thirty years.  She may not be the cheapest in Phoenix, but in tailoring, you do pay for what you get.  She does do the job right and that makes her services worth what she charges.
5	I don't know what's considered pricey for alterations. For the quality of work at Elizabeth's, it's completely worth it. I had a coat taken in and all of my (nitpicky) requests were met and then some, no problem. It's my favorite coat and I spent less having it tailored to my frame than I would have buying a new, less satisfactory one...I think my days of off-the-rack are over.VERY positive experience!
