5	Consider me a huge fan of this local joint that reminds me so much of Oregon's Muchas Gracias.  The food is cheap, the service was great, and  being that its open for 24 hours it makes for a good meal outside of the casino cafes around the city.  This is one of two Pepe's Taco's and while it caters to a largely gringo clientele, I've seen plenty of latin customers during lunch time.The most simple items such as the picaditas de chorizo, tacos dorados, and carnitas burrito are enough to make any Mexican food lover salivate.  Most items are within the $4-7 range and combinations usually don't exceed $10.  This particular location is not nearly as popular as the sister joint in downtown and the best one to avoid the crowds.
5	Pepe's is my ULTIMATE FAVORITE mexican restaurant ever!!!  I live all the way in Henderson and I'm always down to drive the distance for this place.  I usually get their carne asada soft tacos and I've never been disappointed.  The great thing about this place is that they're open 24 hours a day and the food is pretty cheap.  Lots of my Mexican friends have said Pepe's food is just as good as a homecooked meal.  It's a bit of a drive from the strip but it's worth the visit.
5	I make the trip from Henderson to the Decatur location as well. It's worth the drive if you want a good meal. I love the beef tortas. They come with sour cream, lettuce, tomato and I top it off with the salsa verde from the condiment bar. The Chili rellenos are yummy as well. The burritos are huge! The best part of this joint to me is that it does offer a selection that hasn't been adapted to the American view of how Mexican food should be. Also this is a far south flavor of Ecuador more than that of Mexico. The tables are picnic style and the benches wiggle around and most of the signs are in Spanish. So if like me you are limited to asking for a couple beers in Spanish be prepared to enjoy a meal of immersion.  The juke box pours out lively music, I love this place!It's not uptown, but it's damn good!
2	My husband and I have been looking for good Mexican food since we moved here 9 months ago. We have yet to find it...We both ordered the super steak burritos which were just ok. The quesadilla was super greasy, but kinda yummy. Super spicy red salsa was great. Horchatas were ok from what I've experienced. The cleaning crew was using some chemical that caused most everyone to sneeze. They continued to mop around everyone for the entire time that we were there. It was extremely unappetizing. All in all it was just ok and we won't be going back.
2	Ghetto mexican food. Located in the shadiest of spots, it remains open 24/7food is better if you are inebriated but otherwise still decent.Nothing special mexican taco stand, food is kinda bland nothing too spicy. Pork was kinda tough, beff was stringy, chicken was dry.No pico? WTF!! Place looked like the person cleaning the dining room went to break right in the middle and left their stuff strung all over.I would avoid this place-really kinda shitty but hell it's a long ways before anything else if you live in this neighborhood. poor you.
5	Awesome fast food - WAY better than Rigo's and esp Roberto's, which I hate by the way. Try my OWN SPECIAL concoction - Half JAMAICA drink with half PINEAPPLE agua (flavored drink, kinda like lemonade) and a squeeze of lime. its an authentic Mexican place so dont expect American customs here. Remember its fast food. Location is not  bad, just looks old. Its an old building and the people are cool, no one bothers you.
4	Reminds me of being in El Monte, Ca....hole in the wall kind of place but I kinda have a thing for those unfussy ones. Some people don't and thought it kinda weird when I said I've been here like I went into a gang lair. Most of those night taco stands I love back home are kinda shady looking at first but doesn't bother me. Hell, I've dined at taco shops where gangsters have meetings and rib joints with real pimps sharing my table and mexicans having a blood feud running into each other and stabbing each other before their tacos are called and  to me that just adds to the flavor. This has an odd old area- but it has none of those and just normal people dining so it's not that bad to me. Maybe I'm desensitized to "ghetto" cuz is a whole different level in LA and when I lived in San Diego I went across the border for tacos often but old odd area doesnt just add to a ghetto to me.Lengua was pretty good times I went. I have trouble finding the exotic meat toppings at most joints. Adobada was good. Carnitas were good. I mostly come for lengua late night. A few times the consistency was just okay, kinda ordered on an off day but what taco place doesnt have that? Overall though more on than a off day and been here many times as it was the closest lae night to our old house.It's decent for my late night lengua. I am still in search for the best taco shop, but I have a feeling it's probably way across town with my luck.
4	Okay lets get the facts out of the way;1. The place is a dump.2. It is a quik service place.3. Prices are very reasonable.If you are in the mood for fast mexican food that tastes muy bueno - this is the place!  Cheap eats and authentic taqueria type food.  I had the carnitas plate - carnitas, beans, rice, and chips. With a drink it is about $10.  The plate was enough for 2 people easily (I think the girl behind the counter liked me so she may have given me extra...not sure though).  A friend had the carne asada - I sampled it and it was right on.All of the food was simple with lotsa flavor.  I am guessing the beans had real lard, too.  Hey every once in awhile is good!Viva Pepes Tacos!
3	Hole in the wall place but most authentic places usually are. The tacos were superb, not the Americanized type that Vegas is full of. Definitely looking forward to going back to try more stuff.
4	Finally I found REAL tacos in Vegas. I moved from San Francisco and was spoiled with having real authentic Mexican food and couldnt find anything in Vegas but Robertos...But not anymore! I always get three carne asada tacos, a pineapple drink and a scoop of their carrots and onions on the side to nibble on.
3	Ok, so I was in the mood for authentic Mexican food today and wanted to try something new....so I headed towards the hood.  I figured I'd find something good there.As I passed by Pepe's, I've seen this place a 1000 times since I've lived in Vegas, but never stopped.  I did today.It was pretty busy in the restaurant and I was glad to see a typical menu for a taco shop....reminds me of when I lived in SoCal.  I ordered a Carne Asada Burrito and a bottle of Mexican Orange Soda....I love their soda because it's made with Natural Sugar and not High Fructose Corn Syrup.Anyway, my burrito came out and I was pleased to see it was a good size...not too big and not too small.  I went to the salsa bar and got some of their spicy red salsa.  The burrito was ok....I thought the Carne Asada was too salty, but it had good flavor....the beans were good....the rice was dry....and the salsa in the burrito was ok.Overall, the experience didn't blow me away.  It was a good visit, but not the one I was hoping for.  I guess next time, I'll have to go deeper into the hood.Will I return?  eh...not sure.
5	Hot hot hot Great tacos I lived in LA for 15 years and this is the only place I found in vegas that does it like they do in LA
3	My sisters and I have been coming here constantly for the first week of my stay in Vegas. We were obsessed with the Mexican food for a while. I ended up actually liking tacos and the horchata and the burritos, but for some reason we just stopped going here. It was bomb af for a while, but then I guess I got more of this goodness in such little time.There were flies everywhere that kept following my food, which made me sad..since I had to move around the whole restaurant to try to avoid them. Mostly in the afternoon lol.I have a relatively high tolerance rate, but it pushed me to the edge when we visited the restaurant at 2 am in the morning.. the woman was a bitchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh tho! She lost her patience and put out her temper on me since I did not know how to pronounce half of the things I ordered -___- She even threw the plastic bag at my sister. Dirtyyyy!
5	Pepe's has been the after hours spot since high school and till this day at least once a week the carne asada nachos have been the number one thing to get but the tacos are also good if you like fries i would suggest an order they come seasoned. if your up late like some of us 4,5,6am go check it out there always open!
4	Normally when I go here I only get a few things one being the asada fries. These things are awesome. Possibly the best ones I have had here. Every time I have ever been there it has been packed even at like 1 am so the rest of the food can't be that bad. The restaurant it's self is not in the best condition. It's in an older building. So don't expect to much from the decor. Service is nothing exceptional either. But in the taste category I cant get enough.
3	Don't come here expecting something fancy - it's cheap, a-ok tasty and big portioned Mexican food served in run-down but comfortable place by friendly people.  My husband and I only tried one menu item this time, sharing the super nachos with carne asada.  The meat had a good flavor and was plentiful, but I was bummed by the liquid nacho cheese topping.  That was the main thing I didn't like in our experience.We were there around 8pm on a Sunday night and the place was busy with families and couples.  Everyone was just digging into their food - we liked the atmosphere a lot.  There was a jukebox playing upbeat Spanish music.  Finally some maybe useful info:  they're open 24/7, they serve breakfast (going back to try that some day), you can pay with debit/credit, and in addition to the usual carne asada, carnitas and tongue they offer goat, chicharron, pig and beef stomach meat options if that's your thing.  Oh, and beware the red salsa - it's really hot!  My chilly lovin Indian husband even had a hard time with it!
4	I love Pepe's!!  I come here every time I visit my friends in Vegas.  No Vegas trip is complete without a meal at Pepe's.Chicken hard tacos: Yummy yummy!  And not too greasy like some hard tacos can be.  My personal fave.  I crave them when I'm back in LA!Asada super burrito: The boys love 'em!  Just one is enough to put you into a happy food coma.Prices: Good!  I fed myself and 3 full-grown men all for $20, drinks included.  And trust me, those boys eat a lot!We were having a taco-crazy weekend, and Pepe's was delicious even though this was the third time we sat down for tacos in less than 24 hours.  Yeah, we take our tacos seriously.  I've been telling my California buddies about this place for years -- Best place to wind down and have a cheap meal before driving back to CA.
4	Came here late night, a local friend of mine suggested it. He's mexican, so he should know what's good! Carne Asada Burrito: Got it with the typical beans, rice, onions, cilantro.. However, the meat here was pretty darn good! Definitely better than half the places I've tried here in Vegas. They also got the lime, red, green hot sauces at the usual, salsa/condiment bar. A little squeeze of citrus and some heat always does a burrito good!Carnitas Taco: Great flavor, not explosive but did the job.Lemonade: They had this on tap/fountain drinks. So light and refreshing, haven't seen this drink option at any other mexican joints..I'd come back, if I'm ever around the neighborhood
4	If you've read Ryan G's Yelp! about this place, that about sums it up. I'd like to build on that. First of all, the food here is pretty good. I've had the burritos, tacos, asada fries, carne asada plate, and probably other things I don't recall. Most of the time, I end up there mid-week and get the "Taco Special": you get four tacos, a drink, some chips and beans for 6.50! It's a pretty good deal, and it fills me up pretty good. I also sometimes get the Super Burrito, which is pretty good, too. The food, overall, is good. (It's good, but not as good as Los Tacos or Tacos El Gordo)The place is kinda rundown and isn't in the best part of town. There are definitely some characters there at times, but it's never a situation where I feel "Oh, crap, I'm gonna get beat up." The actual restaurant seems like it's slowly being upgraded (new LCD tv's), but that may just be a false impression. I've gone to Pepe's Tacos a billion times, mostly late at night, and it's usually got a number of people. Whether that's a testament to the food, value, or the fact that it's open 24 hours... I don't know... or probably all three.Go to Pepe's, get some food, then let me know how you feel about it.
4	I'd like to update my previous review: I was just at Pepe's the other day (late June 2011) with some work people. They have increased their prices on the entire menu. They have a little paper notifying you of that near the cashier that says it is due to the economic climate that we're in. Before, a big reason for their appeal was their value. It was a great deal, specially when compared to Los Tacos on Sahara or Charleston. That is still the case now, but less so. In regards to their food? It's still pretty good. It's not going to wow you, but you should be pretty full off a super burrito with carne asada (my fav). Now that the prices are slightly higher (taco special was 6.50 and now it's 7.19, I think) I kinda wanna expect more, but it's still the same quality that it was before.
3	I have been having a tragic time trying to find SoCal style Mexican food here in Vegas.  There are Roberto's, but not only was the Roberto's franchise not my first choice in San Diego (there are so many better taco shops), it's hit and miss here in Vegas -- each one is a little different and all are just slightly different than the ones in San Diego.In my quest to find something like I'm used to, I read that Pepe's was much like SoCal -- and it sort of is.  It's not the same, but I think nothing will be the same as actually being there, so I just need to judge based on what I got.I ordered the carnitas and I have to say, I was super unimpressed. The meat was bland and fatty and didn't have that salty crispness that carnitas have.  The tortillas were good, though, as were the rice and beans.My boyfriend got the enchiladas and he's super picky about food, especially enchilada sauce, but he really loved them, so that bumps it up from 2 stars to 3 for me. Finally, enchiladas he likes.  He wasn't wild about the chorizo burrito he got another time, though.The service was fine, albeit a little chilly in the "never been before/what a gringo" department, but adequate.I will never understand why Nevada taco shops don't offer chips and salsa. People look at us like we're crazy whenever we ask for chips and salsa to go.  No place I've been here even HAS salsa, just hot sauce. I find it so strange.  They did offer chips, though.I'd go back, but I'd likely just order tacos or a simple bean burrito. It didn't wow me.  But then, I'm just a gringo who grew up a stone's throw from the border, so what do I know? ;)
2	Meh, was craving Mexican food after being out in Vegas for more than a month.  Growing up in Texas, and now living in California, I have pretty high standards when it comes to good Mexican food.Menu items of note:Machaca plate - the shredded beef was just OK, pretty plain tastingChips and Salsa - a rip-off, chips were a bit stale, and of course they don't mention that the 'salsa' that they give you is the same stuff that is free at the bar.  Didn't even have pico de gallo to give me instead.Service:Hard to gauge, cause I went there at 6:30 in the morning and was the only customer.Reasons why I come here:Needed a Mexican food fix, but instead left unsatisfied.  Found out a week later that Ricardo's was near me and is a much better option.
3	I'm a regular at Pepe's - not by choice, but because it's my hubby's taco stand of choice. Their asada is really good - but I'm a super nacho kind of gal, and they don't use shredded cheese which I prefer. Their prices have steadily gone up over the years too, unlike Molcasalsa and Robertos. My personal favorite is the carne asada torta - un-freaking-believably delicious!!! The Mexican coke with the pure sugar ain't bad either! MMMMmmmmmmmmm good!
4	I love this place for tacos! The area located in probably not the most appealing at first sight. Never judge book by its cover right!? I think any place that has sort of hole in the wall appeal is good thing. The food was awesome! I
4	Great food and great prices. I love their carnitas, simply delicious. Carnitas burrito, tortas, and super nachos are all very tasty and they give you a lot of meat on your entrees as well. Missing the fifth star because the restaurant is not always clean. But overall the food is great, service is friendly, and the prices are good. I will be returning on a regular basis.
5	Best taqueria in las vegas, hands down. True to  Las Vegas, it's open 24 hours, bomb al pastor off the rotisserie right behind the counter.If you are like some people on yelp, and you see a rotisserie of al pastor in front of you, but instead order carne asada french fries, enchiladas and nachos, you should probably be at roberto's with the rest of the people leaving the club at 3AM who aren't getting laid.Their tortas, tacos, burritos are great. Meat-wise, the carne asada, pollo, carnitas, lengua are all average. The al pastor is the best outside of mexico.Unlike california, where the health-code over-regulation makes it illegal to leave meat out unrefridgerated.........here in vegas they can do it just like the lebanese immigrants to mexico did when they invented al pastor. it's right in front of you on a spit with a pineapple on top dripping juices down marinating it while it cooksso i dont want to hear any more how much better the taqueria's are in california.  i'm from there. only food trucks are open past 2:30AMand one more thing, how can people complain about this place being dirty, and the next review complains because someone was cleaning the place......... retarded.so..... five stars for having all of the above.there are better tacos, but not open 24 hours, with friendly staff, real al- pastor, and the red sauce here is actually hot.
5	Oh so good! And dirt cheap.  We couldve eaten 3 a piece, but a single taco each was a great little midafternoon snack to sustain us until our late dinner.  Delicious tortillas and meats,  a nice bar of toppings to add as you wish.
4	Regardless of what my wife says Pepe's Tacos is a great spot. Pepe's Tacos is possibly the most authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas. I know that is pretty strong praise given the number of Mexican food establishments in town, but when compared to the food I get in Mexico, Pepe's is closest.      My personal favorite item on the menu is the Carne Asada. The asada is always perfectly seasoned, quite tender and juicy.  Whether it's on their super nachos in a super burrito or their tacos, it is the best in town. The carnitas is also a great choice on the tacos or burritos as is the birria (goat). On Tuesday thru Thursday Pepe's has a lunch special that is worth checking out. Four double wrapped tacos and a soda for $5.99. It's one of my regular haunts at lunchtime for sure.     You don't have to look any further than the neighborhood where Pepe's is to realize that a crappy Mexican restaurant isn't going to last very long. Pepe's is the real deal for authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas no matter what my wife says!!
4	When I first moved to Vegas I searched high and low for the best taco in the valley. After many disappointing meals, I found  Pepe's Tacos. Its located in a shady strip mall with that just looks that way... you'll be fine.  its open 24/7 and perfect for late night munchies.  I always went with the carne asada tacos and el pastor tacos.  The  thing that set this place apart for me that the quality of the food is always consistent. The asada tasted awesome every time I've had it. Cant remember ever having any kind of negativity experience at Pepe's .
4	The super burrito was delicious! I was visiting from Florida and craved Mexican food . Great fast Mexican food. Fast service. Eat in or take out. Building is old but good food. Will be back.
5	THE BEST!!!!! Moved here from Cali, and this is one of the first places my sweetie took me to. Great service, AMAZING food, (better then what Ventura has to offer) clean, and affordable.Family is coming in next week and I can't wait to take them here, yet sweetie is afraid they will never leave after they taste the delisiousness of this place! GO! You won't be disapointed!
3	OK so this is really a fun review I am excited to add to my Yelp collection!At approximately 2am in the morning my Yelp buddy Jon calls and invites me for a bite out. Yes, even though I was already in bed relaxing watching tv, I accepted his invite as I am very spontaneous and always ready to stuff my mouth! OK so I got dressed, he was at my house in 15 or so minutes and we were on our way headed to Pepe's!I had eaten here once before pre-yelp days. This time was most definitely Yelp worthy, we were craving tacos so tacos we had!First off they are open 24/7 to satisfy our late night and early morning munch cravings!The tacos were good, I ordered a chicken and asada soft taco plate which came with rice and beans. My pal ordered birria soft tacos which were delicious, I have never had marinated goat meat, he gave me a taste of his and those were yummy as well.Reminds me of the street and truck tacos you can get in town, definitely better than the other more commercial Mexican food joints around. We had fun sitting, chatting and grubbing! Although the food was great I still have many other taco joints to check out!Mmmm until the next mouth stuffing rendezvous I am out :) Peace!
5	AWESOME!  Quickly made.. Super burrito or tacos, is my menu choices.
4	Best tacos in town!When I need my mexican food fix, this is the place to go. My husband always orders the Carne Asada Burrito, For me, soft tacos!So good, at least one of each. This time it was Carnitas, Carne Asada & Grilled Pork. All the meats are tender and seasoned great! The toppings of cilantro and raw onions  are fresh & tasty, along with the red and green salsas.The best and my favorite is the jalepeno pickled carrots and onions. Nothing out of a jar here, they make them fresh! Chopped carrots, sliced onion, jalepenos in a pickling sauce with cloves. Truly the best I have ever had! I come here often and am never disappointed. Clean and friendly service!
1	drove by this place for almost a year and finally stopped to try it out. Very loud with the music they play inside. Ordered ranchos huevos. Watched them make my order and got it as soon as it was done. I took my first bite and thought that the it was pretty good. Second bite and thereafter not so good. The eggs had such a hard brown crust on the bottom that it ruined the rest of the meal. Not good and I cant see ever going back.
4	Hangover Food!
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!!Visiting NV for some Vegas thing and never discover this place even thou this was not our first time until we met up with some local NV residents.  Now I'm a fan and from now on this place will be the first place to pig out the minute we set foot in NV.  Their food are fresh and full of flavors with each bite.  We had carnitas, carne asada, lengua, cabeza taco and their deep fried tilapia.  Their portion size for taco are so much more compare to taco place in Dallas.  They were all delicious and now making my mouth water just thinking about it.  My only wish is for someone to open Pepe's Taco in Dallas.
2	The food here is good enough if you're very hungry, want something inexpensive, and want a large portion.  The condiment bar has some nice items (carrots, radish, lime wedges, various sauces, etc) but when you watch the way customers try and pour a sauce into a tiny container, you get a bit concerned.  Often, they end up spilling it right back into the bin, after it's touched their hands.  They may have to come up with a different system.
4	I usually don't eat Mex food, but i will eat here. only the tacos tho. sometimes they don't  chop up the carne asada enough and i'm chewing big hunks of meat. but overall they're good. the pork ones are also.
4	Good food, good prices. The horchata is a little watered down, but if you are looking for a good place to eat after-hours, check this place out.
3	4 tacos, and a drink for $7.15. I added two more for $1.59 each. Can't beat the price. They put a lot of meat in their tacos. I had two of each; carne asada, carnitas, al pastor. They were all made fresh. Not the greatest but id go back
4	Good tacos if you EVER happen to be on this side of town in Vegas... we were in town to watch SFPD play in a community football league with some other departments of various cities. The park they played at was directly across the street from Pepe's Tacos and we found ourselves here two days in a row after the games to fill up on some awesome tacos. It's a typical taqueria joint with offerings of asada, pollo, carnitas, lengua, etc. Prices ranged from $1.25 a taco to $4 for a burrito. I don't know about the other taquerias in town, but this one was as authentic tasting as I've had in LA and the Mission District in SF. Good stuff!!!
4	Love the food, always have. I'm latina and I'm embarrased and very dissapointed tonight at the racist joke from the cook, against my friend, that's not right. There's no need for any disrespect, EVER! I overheard him say, to have my friend over pay because he's black? Wow!
4	I know been while since reviewed this Pepe Tacos but it reminded me why same chain places one place can vary from another one. I gone too the newer location closer too the house on rainbow. I felt after going too my old stomping grounds so too speak the newest location some things not done as well. The refried beans much more depth flavor then other location. The refried beans cooked out more or sure not see as many whole beans random. Felt like the portion size is slightly larger then the newer location. The tacos always go with my favorite lengua felt like have better flavor at this location. Still newer one being closer too the house not stop me because fan of Pepe Tacos!
3	I remember when this was originally "Miller's Steakhouse". That place was no good but, Pepe's took over years ago and it seems to have stuck. Being a fan of Pepe's in Cali I was always hesitant about trying this place. I didn't know if it was the same or completely different. With only one way to find out I headed on my way. The parking lot was packed. I was lucky to nab the last spot. It was busy inside. I placed my order and waited maybe 8-10 minutes for my food. I saw others waiting too so I knew it might be a minute and they were cooking it fresh. I ordered the "Carne Asada Burrito" and the "Cheese Quesadilla". The tortillas are yummy. The burrito was good in size and tasted decent but wasn't spectacular. The real winner was the quesadilla. It was cheeeeeesy! I noticed a sign inside that said they only accepted cash however the cashier asked me if I wanted to pay with cash or debit. Pepe's is open 24 hours.
4	Amazing cabeza tacos!Carne asada tacos on the salty side, but not too bad.Salsa is mediocre, should have been more thought aboutOverall, the best in town, [so far]
4	Their al pastor really stood out for me. The  salsa verde was great and had a good amount of heat. The salsa roja was overly smoky/chipotle-y for my taste. The al pastor burrito or tacos and some salsa verde washed down with a jamaica: Uuummmm.  Worth the drive to a sketchy area.
4	I love this place.  Mark me down for a Pollo super burrito or Carne Asada Tacos.  Best anywhere in town...Always busy in this place...
5	Love this place! My most recent favorite is the steak torta. It's dripping with grease but in a guilty pleasure-type way as opposed to being off putting. The service is fast and the staff are friendly.
3	I LOVE MEXICANS.... I MEAN MEXICAN FOOD!Pepe's compared to Roberto's. Pepe's knocks this one out of the ball park. The reason being the quality of food is way better. I want it to be known that the staff here is very friendly, maybe a little to friendly I had a guy in the back winking at me.Also the first time I was here one of the employees actually asked me for my number, at that time (2010) I was single and to this day I still talk to him as a good friend.Overall you can order anything with the carne asada and it will be great. The carne asada is finely chopped and has very minimal fat. They season their meat very well, not to salty nor to bland. The add a side of beans and tortilla chips.The only thing I would do different is keep the salsa station clean.
4	Best carne asada in Vegas.  The burritos are massive.  Nice variety in the menu.  Definitely light years ahead of Roberto's and other Mexican fast food places.
1	We were excited to try Pepes carne asada fries as they advertise the best in Vegas!We walked in to no greet as an employee mopped the.floor and the cook looked at us didn't say anything disappeared we waited for someone to come to take our order finally another lady comes out to do so. I didn't like how you can't see much of the cooking taking place.Highly disappointed we wasted over half of our food there were no beans as another user said bland guacamole no pico de gayo and CANNED CHEESE SAUCE!!! You've got to be kidding me!! There is absolutely NO comparison to Roberto's!!
4	Que bueno! Had a carne asada burrito and two tacos al pastor today....deliciouso! Def will pay another visit upon my next trans-barrio-adventure
5	First came here years ago with my mom and sister after leaving a club.  We were drunk but remember it being delicious.  Came back a week ago now that I moved back up to this side of town and it is still the same.  Great authentic food, a nice salsa bar in the middle, Coca-Cola products (THANK YOU!)...and decent sized dining room.  Great prices.  I'll be back!
5	I'm assuming it's the chef. But this time the carne asada tacos and the asada fries were just freaking awesome. This time I give it a 5 star. Let's hope next time it will be the same :)!
5	Very good cabeza tacos and carne Asada fries. Definitely coming here again. Not that bad on price too.
5	I mean seriously?!?!?This food is so perfect! The price, the quantity and well..... Locations could be better but I get it.... It's a demographic thing. Carne asada tacos are super. Go there.The end.
4	Yummy yummy carne asada fries!!!! Tacos were okay I like the guacamole it was fresh and had a lot of flavor. Not the fanciest taco places but definitely good for your taste buds!!
4	Best place to get authentic mexican tacos/food at 4am after the club lol(:  open 24hr.
4	1st time tried this place and we are now fans! Great service, pricing and taste!
4	Pepe's has great Mexican food and a pretty extensive menu, but I always seem to order the same items: a chile relleno burrito, a chorizo and egg burrito, or birria (goat) or carne asda tacos. Today I came for breakfast, so it was one chorizo and egg burrito and two carne asda tacos, which I took home to split with my husband.As usual, the food was delish, but the only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because the burrito was so dang greasy. Yeah, I know chorizo is greasy, but this was WAY too greasy ... like the tortilla was completely soaked through.I do love their chile relleno burrito, which is one of the best burritos I've ever had. And their goat tacos are fantastic. So maybe next time I'll skip the chorizo and stick with the chile relleno. You can't go wrong with any of their tacos, which are served street-style in small corn tortillas. And while I've never tried them, the carne asada fries seem to be popular. Just lighten up on the grease, please...
5	I dig this place.  Working folks and families.  Huge menu and the staff will work with you for the perfect item.  24/7 and safe.  I've been here maybe 50 times and have never been rude to, never received anything but great, real downhome mexican chow.  And did I mention the great mariachi jukebox?spotless.Most under $10, salsa that will change your life, man.
5	This has been hands down my favorite taco place for years. I usually get carne asada tacos but since they have chorizo tacos, I usually get two of those and one carne asada taco and it is just perfect. I will got across town to get this since basically I am.The horchata is always good, and never feels to watery or unflavored like some other taco places. Beans are always fresh and never tastes processed, and the salsas are delicious. The carne asada nachos are also worth trying. Never had a bad meal here and always well worth the reasonable price.
4	So it usually bothers me when someone puts they have the best fill in the blank in town.. However, Pepe's Taco can do it. They have my seal of approval. In their establishment they have a sign that reads best carne asada nachos in town. They aren't wrong. They have great food for a great price. I came here for some late night ratchetness and brought along a friend to fatten him up. First thing I notice when I walk in is all the seating. Usually places only have a couple seat for you to wait or a couple tables on the side for people dining in. This location had seats on either side and some cool benches. On Yelp it says they close at 2, but they are actually open 24 hours which I was thankful for. Who knew you could sit and talk in a taco shop for almost 2 hours. I of course had to be fat and order the nachos. My friend ordered some pork tacos. We sat down and waited for our food. I see them all the time and it makes me laugh but they have the posted signs for no refills or there will be an additional charge. I think we refilled our drink like 5 times and nothing was said.. I know they are trying to watch their costs and whatnot but it's like cents per cup. They also have a jukebox that randomly plays music and stares the pee out of you. After getting my food I hit the salsa bar and grab green salsa, my favorite, and some limes. I know it was late but everything seemed kind of empty. I think grabbed the last limes.. oh well. They i opened my box and went in on my nachos. They had everything a little separated which I liked. All in all I had a fun time being ratchet at 1 in the morning.
4	Great authentic Mexican food at a good price. Nothing fancy just simple good food with good portions. Way better than Roberto's. Definately recomend you give this place a try.
5	Best Mexican food in Las Vegas! Super authentic just like my grandmas and aunts cooking. Chile rellenos are amazing! I highly recommend their pineapple drink. Very tasty and my favorite drink We go almost every weekend. The kids love it too! Highly recommended! Friendly staff!
1	Don't bother anymore .. Last couple of years they have gone from good to okay to just plain bad. Ordered a taco with everything and two gorditas to go..We waited over 30mins.. Because they made the wrong gorditas we wanted chicharon and carnitas.. They made two alpastor.. No sorry no nothing . On the way home, the taco was 'naked' no salsa no onion no cilantro .. The gorditas .. Not fresh and not gorditas .. Mostly beans and lettuce and lard no carnitas no chicharon .. Hard and dry. So damn disappointed
5	GREAT cheap eats here! They have a 3 Soft Tacos with a drink special that is not only cheap ($7.65 + tax), but absolutely delicious! For the life of me, I can't understand why anyone would eat at a Taco Bell when they have Pepe's Tacos--for starters,  the ingredients are fresh here, and I KNOW that the meat I'm eating is REAL chicken. You can see the cooks preparing the food, and they not only offer the common fountain sodas, but the cool horchata, jamaica, and pina drinks.They also have a jukebox loaded with cool tunes.
4	Cheap and delicious!Open 24/7.Carne Asada Fries are so bomb! My boyfriend and I couldn't even finish it, we had to save it for later.Horchata is on point.
5	Awesome carne asada tacos,burritos, carna asada fries and horchata! Even though its not the prettiest place or area of town its worth it! They make everything there and they have fresh toppings for your food.
1	Worst tacos ever. Makes me sad. In LA. There are better places in skid row. People. Stop giving these people your money these are not good at all.
4	Love the food here. So far everything I've tried has been good. Inside the restaurant could use some improvement. Whenever I eat from here I take it home because I don't like the inside but the food is great.
4	Been passing this place up for a very long time and finally we decided to give it a try. I'm from Los angles so I'm really big on Mexican food and things like asada fries. I ended up getting a regular chicken burritoWith no cilantro and no onions. It was pretty good.  Next time I want to see what their asada fries are looking like !
4	Carne Asada sopes not bad, Al Pastor taco was pretty good.  Good cheese and flavor in the Chile Relleno.  Highlight:  Chicharrones taco!!!  It was my first time trying it, and it was AWESOME!!
5	Seriously some of the best tacos you will find in vegas. I personally always get the carne asada tacos and lengua. The carne asada is never dry tasting like other places so flavorful & delicious!  The lengua so tender and the flavor is wow! If you eat there they will give you beans and chips the beans are no bland at all. I've been coming for 5 years and I will continue to. Oh yeah the red salsa is so good!!!!
4	There is a reason this restaurant continues to amaze!
