5	Putsy's has a great menu of sandwiches and salads, but they are known for their chicken and steak.  I go to lunch there at least a couple of times a week for the Caddyshack Basket (3 huge chicken fingers come with fries and toast and your choice of 2 sauces for dipping) - however, always looking for something good that's low-carb, I get the Caddyshack Basket with no fries or toast...instead I get a side of steak.  My favorite sauce is the Creamy Avocado...but there are so many good ones to choose from.  Get your drink in the To-Go cup and you can fill it up for $1 when you go back...(Putsy's is in the space where the Heart Attack Grill used to be.)
4	Okay, this is to prove that I am a big dork!I went to Putsy's Chicken and Steak for the first time to get me some dinner. I can't cook to save my life, I wanted me some chicken, and I didn't want to go far to get this chicken. Putsy's is very near my house (I could walk to it, but of course, I looove wasting gas) and I heard that their chicken fingers are pretty scrumptious with different sauces.I ordered the Caddyshack Basket with three honkin', pieces of fowl and some fries. The chicken was pretty good...very flaky, seasoned well, has enough crunch to keep me tuning in, and had enough juices to keep me biting. The fries...well, it was on the soggy side, but nothing to fret about. I tried the chicken fingers (and btw, they were huge...like McNuggets but on steroids) with two kinds of sauces--I opted for the honey mustard and went with Rebecca T's recommendation of creamy avocado. I must say, Rebecca was so right on with the creamy avocado dip. So unexpected, in my opinion. It's kinda like eating fresh-out-of-the-oven tortilla chips and dipping it in guacamole without the chunks. My dining partner had the steak sandwich with the tobacco onions, which he claimed was good, but the horseradish sauce was too overpowering. He did have allergies that time and the horseradish might've helped with the clearing up the sinuses.So overall, not a bad dinner. But here's why I am liking Putsy's:1. Sixteen Candles was playing.2. They seem to like Ferris Bueller.And finally...3. (...this is why I'm a dork) I left my big-ass purse  it's so in this season) in the restaurant without even noticing that I did until lunch time the following morning. The nice guys at Putsy's searched my purse for a name and contact info of the owner all night long (there wasn't much since I had my wallet with me the whole time). What's really valiant about these guys is: they had to go through...girly stuff...Hooray for Putsy's!!! (but just don't say that name too fast...you could be calling it something else without realizing it...you know what I mean? ; )
5	Wow!  I just went to putzy's and I was impressed with what I experienced.  Upon entering, I found the decor to be warm and inviting.  Red, yellow and green walls with really cool light fixtures.  The place seems to be well taken care of, clean, and nicely decorated.There were quite a few menu selections to choose from.  Its a chicken and steak joint, and seems to have a solid selection of good food.I ordered the caddyshack basket.  This came with 3 chicken strips, fries and texas toast.  The chicken was HUGE.  I couldn't finish the whole thing.  My fries were hot and tasty, and seasoned perfectly!  You also get a choice of two sides to go with your entree.  I went with the BBQ sauce and ranch.Food was good and hearty.  I want to say it almost had a southern flair in there, and I liked that.  Worth checking out. Portions are huge, prices are totally fair, service was awesome.  Plus, if you get the putsys cup, and go back, refills on your pop are only a buck.They also have steak items on the menu, which is awesome.  Great food at great prices. Wonderful atmosphere as well.  They even have a great outdoor patio to dine on as well.
