3	My car failed Smog, brought to them since they were the closest listed repair place I could find.Pamela their writer was friendly, and the guys out in the garage went above and beyond. Their repair was done as quoted, they also topped off all of my fluids and added extra brake fluid since I was low. They seem to have the cheapest oil change and smog in town, several people came in and got serviced while I was waiting for my repairs to get done.I will probably use them again when my car needs any repairs.
1	Having your car worked on is like a doctor's exam. It's almost never pleasant...and this particular visit was what I believe my first prostate exam is going to be like.I learned a valuable lesson. Never get your smog checked at a place that wants to sell you other services and repairs. Go to the little sheds where all they want to do is collect your $25 and get back on break.I didn't realize my check engine light was on...they checked my smog for $18 then told me i failed because my check engine light was on, then told me there was no emission problem, but it wouldn't pass with the check engine light on....................Here again: "Really......REALLYYYY?"I asked when I arrived how long on a smog check they said "No Wait."15 minutes later they finally told me I failed.30 minutes later they finished the diagnostic20 minutes later they got my car back to meHere's the thing....if you want to take advantage of me, then at least have some coffee in the waiting room.The staff was polite the entire time, the price they quoted me for the extended work was high, but not out of hand. But the way the whole thing went down was exactly why I still take my car to my regular mechanic 17 miles from my house.
1	I started coming to this place because it's right next to my house & I have never waited long for an oil change. I've only ever done oil changes and smog here. I actually had nothing bad to say about this place until NOW! I went in on June 15th, 2011 for an oil change & smog. They were fast, BUT at the end when I was paying Pamela, the service writer suggested replacing the front brakes, and said I had 8% remaining. She also said I needed to replace my serpentine belt & that it's a common thing in the Las Vegas heat for this to need replacement. She quoted me $320 for these services. Due to my budget (I'm in the middle of purchasing a home & pregnant with my first child), I decided to shop around. My Dad reccomended going to Japanese Car Service, a place I used to take my previous cars, to get an estimate. It is far from convenient since its located in China Town & also takes 2-3 days to get seen. I told them all the issues Purrfect Auto found, and they said I had been lied to because my front & back brakes are at 60% & all belts are just fine. WOW, this place was so honest! I will never go back to Purrfect Auto again. If you're going for a quick oil change, I dont see any problems...but don't do any reccomended work there!
1	Only giving some stars because they actually changed my oil without problems.   But the experience was not good! I asked for my brakes to be checked. When they were done with my oil, they started to send me out on my way until I asked about my brakes. I overheard the attendant ask the tech about my brakes and he replied "Oh sh*t I forgot! Tell her she needs her front brakes replaced".  I walked out ! ! !  Take note that I had just had the front brake pads replaced just 3 months prior, but it was my rear brakes that were almost shot.  I had SunCare Auto fix them for me at a great deal. If I had minded Purrfect, I would have had new brakes replaced again and the rear brakes would have never been taken care of and God knows what could have happened then. I can understand an honest mistake, but to blatantly LIE about something as they did, and possibly cause me more problems down the road..... they don't deserve to be in business
4	After being highly tempted by the $9.99 on the smog check, but armed with two other coupons for smog check deals in town, I set off yesterday morning headed for where I thought this place was. It was not, but that is beside the point. I did eventually find it and was in and out of there in under 10 minutes! The service attendant guy let me know that "everything was clean" under the hood but that the transmission fluid was a little dark. He offered to replace it for $39.99, but since my husband takes care of that stuff, I passed on the offer. Overall, I'm happy with the experience and would return!
5	Second year in a row I've gone to them for my smog check with my $9.99 coupon. The waiting room was full, but I was in and out in less than 20 minutes. It's behind the 711, but if you enter off of Russell no problem finding it. Use the little map on their coupon sheet to guide you.
1	If you don't care about customer service, then maybe this is a good place for you. Just went in for a smog check. I walk to the counter and this dude says hi. I wasn't sure he was talking to me as he had sunglasses on and spoke in an unwelcoming tone. The greeting alone had me second guessing going elsewhere. Thankfully, the smog check person was unavailable for 45 minutes. I got the heck out of that place thinking I didn't want to give them my money anyway. And I had no coupon. I ended up paying $15 more, but got my smog check and registration done at one of those kiosks on the side of the road.
5	I did not know a lot about smogs since previous to coming here, I had never failed a smog.  So when I took my car there and before the diagnostic was done-- my car failed the smog, and I was really upset.  I had no idea that having a check engine light on was an automatic fail.  And my light was on when I smogged the car.  I was upset that the technician did not warn me so I did not waste my money and could return once the light was turned off.  So I called the manager and asked why the guy could not warn me so that I could have saved my money, and he explained that it is against the law for them to coach me.  That the DMV checks by sending people who try to break the law to ensure that the garage is compliant.  That I could call the DMV to verify this.  (And I did; it is true.) However, I explained that I did not understand this and was upset that the money for the smog was wasted when all my car needed was a $15 dollar part.  So the manager agreed that he would let me resmog my car at no extra charge once the car was repaired.  I went in resmogged my car and passed, and it was all done in under 15 minutes.  I gave this location 5 stars, because they went out of their way to make a new customer.  I appreciate that the manager allowed me to resmog my car for free due to my previous lack of knowlege of how smogs work.  I believe that 5 star businesses give you the excellent service you expect.  I believe that some businesses deserve a 6 star rating when they go above and beyond excellent service to earn your business.  So the main point of this review is this: 1) never smog your car with the check engine light on and 2) this is an excellent business with an superb manager.  I gave them 5 stars, but if Yelp allowed a 6th star for extra credit I would.  Great Job! Many thanks, Colleen
3	Went here about a month ago to get my smog done.  If you check your mail, they often send coupons for $9.99 smog.  Can't beat that!  Service was prompt even without an appointment.  Though, most of the employees seemed like they wished they were somewhere else.  In the waiting area, they offered coffee, had a tv, and a couple of stained couches/seats; it smelled like a cigarette smoker.  After my car passed the smog test, they mentioned and gave me a list of things that my car "needs" to get fixed.  Okay, thanks for the heads-up.  Not sure if I'd ever take my car here for any maintenance but, will continue to do so each year for a $9.99 smog.
1	I went here for a smog since I saw a $9.99 coupon.  Who doesn't like to save money?  A few cars were being serviced. I sat down at 2:45 pm and thought it wouldn't take that long since it's only a smog.  15 minutes later, I see the old man who helped me at the counter pull out something from my car.  I didn't know why he would do that since I only wanted a smog.  He called me outside to show me my air filter.  He said it was really dirty which it didn't look very dirty at all.  He said it's been years (2008 is what he said) since it's been changed and he thought that was odd since they should always change it during an oil change.  He said do you want it changed? I said I guess.. which I wasn't too sure about.  8 minutes passed by and I was getting mad that my smog STILL wasn't done.  I went outside to find the old man.  I said What is taking so long?  I don't want my air filter changed.  I knew he was just trying to get more money out of me.  Everybody has heard of these shady places.  I just want my smog done!  He was on the phone and said I'll just cancel the air filter then.I went inside and he came to the counter.  He said I just thought you should get your air filter done, so you don't stall.  I told him I just wanted a smog done and it doesn't take that long.  You're just trying to get more money out of me.  He said Smogs are not our priority.  So, if I had 13 cars waiting to be serviced, you would have to wait.  I told him that was rude.  A smog takes 10-20 minutes to do and wouldn't take that much time away from servicing a car.  After I paid my $9.99, he said you should find a new place to get a smog.  Like I would EVER consider going back after this HORRIBLE service.  I'll gladly pay $5 more at one of the smog stands than go back and be treated poorly and lied to.This place deserves 0 stars.. but it won't let me give 0.
1	Horrible service! I would give negative stars if possible. I went to get a smog check, after waiting a few minutes inside without being helped I went outside to let them know they had a line waiting. An older gentleman popped his head in while on the phone and said that it would be 10 minutes and then left. I shouted after him because I thought I had heard him incorrectly... 10 minutes! I should have left immediately, but I waited until he came back which was about two minutes later. He told the woman in front of me that a smog check has a one hour wait time at the moment. After she sat down I let him know I was also there for a smog check but that I would like to schedule an appointment to come back later (I was on my lunch break) but didn't mind coming back after work. He started ranting on that they do not schedule appointments because they have so many cancellations yada yada yada. I told him that's fine I'll take my business elsewhere! Whoever manages this place is doing a horrible job, why advertise for a $10 smog check if you cannot even keep up with the demand. Not to mention if you're treating these customers badly why would they come back?
1	DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE LIED TO!!! I came here and Chevy told me that my front brake pads were messed up. I believed him and let them change it. I found out when I got home that my partner already changed my brake pads for me a few months ago!!
1	They may have the best price in my area and did do the oil change but certainly have a lot to learn in the area of customer service the older gray haired gentleman that called me about what was wrong with the car became very short with me when I did not opt to purchase their unrealistically high service charges for services I did need but did not want to do at the time.  This would have been a pleasant experience had they just made the recommendations and answered my question but instead it turned out poor.  I will not be back and would not recommend this location.
