4	I came here for brunch since its right by my house. I came by myself, sat at the bar, and had an americano and steak tartare. Prices are pretty up there for this neighborhood and the portions aren't enormous, but I did not leave feeling hungry. The food was very good and the people were friendly and courteous. As for the quality of everything, it is great. Space is also very nice. This is the second week they are open and you can tell people are already talking about it, since it was half full with well dressed people and their charming, well behaved children. :) In the coming weeks I'm sure it'll totally pack up with lines out the door.Also, I have to say that, food aside, this place is going to totally revitalize a public square with enormous potential. In the summer there will be seats outside, etc etc, and it will be amazing. Prior to this was pretty much an abandoned looking subway station. Conclusion: I am very happy that H4C is open and, while it is not an everyday or perhaps even every week kind of place, it will be a wonderful addition to the neighborhood. Good food and will return.
4	I am the first happy camper to post a dinner review. Good news!! I think this will most likely become a nice restaurant to think of when in the neighborhood.I was there two weeks ago for a saturday dinner with my girlfriends. The set up is very cute ; fresh, cozy, classy yet not too fancy. The waiters are very kind and professional. I give service a straight 10 !!I must say, the lighting was a bit bright for a saturday evening dinner. I mean, the fact that we noticed how shiny and bright the room was means it probably could have been a bit smoother  - how about cute candles ?OK - let the fun part begin. FOOD (and drinks!) First off, awesome wines, starting at around 45-50$ per bottle, but fun stuff to enjoy and discover.As per the food itself, all plates are pretty much appetizer sized meaning you get to try a few without feeling too full afterwards. Too bad I didn't take any pictures -  the presentations are pretty nice.I had the foie gras dumplings with lobster mushrooms and an asian broth. The broth was a tad too salty, but hey, whenever there's fois gras and mushroom, there's me happy. So that was yummy !!  My friends tried the octopus and enjoyed it very much as well.I followed with sweetbreads which were very good. Not that big as a plate as I mentioned earlier, yet very tasty. Plus, I had some extra room for cheese! The best  part was the cheese part. The waiter presented me with the selection and I chose three different kinds to try. The highlights of this course, however, were all sides : O-M-G. The waiter served me honey directly from what seemed to be a piece of hive (?). That was sticky, melty and delicious ! The cheese platter also came with an amazing jelly and a fruit compote. Yum-my. My friends had deserts which seemed funky and interesting - one of them had a black sesame cake which was weird but good !! However, I was enjoying my cheese was too much to even pay attention to what was going on around me. All in all, it was a really good night. I would really like to try the brunch, although I will probably wait for a special occasion  - it's a bit pricey I must admit. However, it's definitely worth the try. You should go !! :)
3	Good, but not great.The ingredients were nothing really special and when our group's mains all came out, they all looked and tasted quite similar to each other. I had the veal sweetbreads, my husband had the quail, one friend in our group of 10 had the scallops and another had the halibut and they all were in the same brown, white and beige colour palette. I could tell a lot of time went into the plating of the dishes, but maybe even too much time because everything on my plate was just lukewarm when it got to me. There was nothing wrong with the food per se, but based on the reviews and the prices, my expectations weren't met.The ambience and restaurant itself were very nice and the service was good too.
3	This a a lovely restaurant is old St. Henri in what  is quickly becoming a hotbed area for restaurants. Was here for dinner with another couple to try it out and have a nice evening. We sat on the patio, perfect July night. The person who greeted us was super nice and found us a place to sit even when I mixed up the reservation. The service was good, but not what I would call great. We started with apps - octopus, heirloom tomato salad and a charcuterie plate - I have to say the apps might have been the stars of the meals - 5 star flavour for all of them. Then I had the quail, with morels and lima beans. Lima beans will never interest me, the morels were not as flavourful as I had hope - but the quail was perfect. 2 of our party had the duck - very good, and one had the sweetbreads, which were reportedly very good, but the serving was quite small. Paired with a pinot noir from Alsace - surprisingly good...3 of us chose the chocolate dessert, unfortunately I was not impressed. There was ice-cream and large chocolate curls in white and milk chocolate - which I wouldn't like at the best of times - but serving chocolate cold defeats the purpose of chocolate imo. There was an interesting version of an aero bar, again cold, not my fav. One person had the cheese plate and was impressed by the selection of quebec cheeses. yum!So, yes the food was good, very good in some instances, not so great in others. I took a star off because I felt like the food was really overpriced, 1/2 star off for mediocre service, and 1/2 star off for the bland puree de petit pois that was on all the plates.To sum it up, it was a nice place to eat, and perhaps on par with some of the other local hotspots wrt food quality etc, but I think it was overpriced.
4	An upscale venue where the take the food very seriously more so than themselves which results in a fun and comfortable experience.  The Octopus, one of their signature dishes really delivered - great texture and flavor.  Veal sweat breads did not disappoint and the tomato with mozzarella ice-cream was a delight.  The waiters all had an opinion on wine pairings and let you try a couple of samples to dial it in.  If you are a Montrealer you probably know about this place and if you are just visiting worth a go for a cool off-the-beaten track, fine dining experience.
