5	I have been going to Kamille for a year now and LOVE her work. She has such an amazing product and her artistic abilities are amazing! Every time I have a new set of nails, I get so many compliments on how amazing it is she can paint such detailed pictures on my nails, or just the designs she does. Have your own idea of what you want on your nails? Bring in a picture and watch her improve on what the picture is or even do the same exact design. I have been to many places, and my favorite and only person I will go to is Kamille!
5	I have been getting pedicures from Kamille for over a year and they are wonderful!!
5	After having Kamille do the LCN nails I will never go back to acrylic, or to anyone else for that matter!  She is so talented, not just with the shaping, but her art is always awesome.  When I can't figure out what I want she always comes up with something totally cute that I absolutely love.  She's willing to try anything, and I always come out with something even better than what I expected.  I look forward to each appointment knowing I'll end up with something really cool that I can't wait to show off.  Her pedicures are by far the best I've ever had, it's a wonderful experience.  Don't waste your time and $ going anywhere else!
5	Kamille is the best!  From My Little Pony, Gir and owls she can always accomplish what I ask her to do.  I have been going to her for almost two years and try to do something new at her every time.  I get so many complements on my nails and love the fact that they are tough and lasting.  Go see Kamille and see what she can do for your nails to make them gorgeous!
5	Kamille truly gives the best massage in her pedicures compared to anywhere I've been before.  It's all about you when she is pampering your feet. She also does beautiful gel nails with the most amazing nail art. If I didn't do my own nails I'd surely have her do them.
5	Kamille does amazing work! She seriously does some of the most creative nails I have ever seen. I absolutely love getting my nails done by her. She really is an artist.
5	Kamille does an absolutely amazing job with nails!  I've been going to her for a year & 1/2 now and I've never been disappointed by the work she has done. Her talent in unique nail design is the best I have ever seen and when I'm getting a new design, I only give her a concept to run with.  I'm constantly getting compliments on my nails and strangers even stop to ask me about them. Best of all,  the girl is fast!  Most places, you would be sitting on the chair for well over an hour or 2 and she is able to do it in under an hour sometimes in just 30 minutes. I have been getting hard gel/LCN the whole time since seeing her and I've never broken a nail (unlike with acrylics) and they stay shiny the entire time without chipping (unlike regular gels). Also, my natural nails underneath have remained healthy looking without discoloration. Basically, if you're looking for quality work, amazing artwork, and a fast service,  go see Kamille.  I promise you won't be disappointed.  :)
5	I finally made the change over to gels after many years of acrylics. Through a customer from work, she recommended Kamille at Hotel de Ville Nails.  It was the best decision I ever made to check her out.  My nails have never been better!!  And Kamille's artwork is off the chart.!  Go see her it is well worth it...
5	Kamille is by far one of the best nail techs in Vegas.  I have been to all of the top nail salons in Vegas and many other cities and Kamille definely has all of them beat.  She used a different type of gel on my nails that most places don't offer because only a a handful of nail technicians are trained and certified to use in Nevada.  It has beeen 3 weeks and it looks as if I just got them done.  No lifting or chipping the only sign its time for a fill-in is the regrowth of my own nails. The polish still looks perfect! I have never had so many compliments on my nails... 5 stars for Kamille- best nail tech ever!
5	Another exceptional job!  Been going to Kamille for almost 2 years. She is wonderful, does an amazing job and is very quick. I travel from LA to Vegas to have my nails done by her. I can't always count on her to come up with an awesome design when I don't have one. I won't go to anyone else!
