2	Good shredded beef burrito, the enchilada was sub par. Good rice and beans, open 24/7=good enough!
3	I don't typically care for 'berto's-type Mexican restaurants.But some days, I get up and don't feel like cooking breakfast, or I'm out of eggs or whatever. I can rely on Federico's to serve up a good version my favorite breakfast burrito: potato and egg, AKA, the "country".Believe it or not, it's easy to screw up something so simple. But Federico's gets it right -- fluffy eggs, browned but not greasy potatoes -- all good.
4	Wow, this is the cleanest, nicest, best smelling fast food Mexican joint I've ever been to. The tables and chairs are newer & comfortable & even the kitchen looks super clean. I came here this morning for a breakfast burrito & even stayed to read the newspaper (I know, I'm the only one still reading them).  I had the chorizo egg & cheese burro & it did not let me down, in fact it had mote chorizo than most places & it was mixed evenly with cheese & egg. The tortilla didn't seem homemade but it didn't smell like preservatives either. I will most definitely come back to this location since it's close to my office.
4	As quick service Mexican food goes, Federico's hits the spot. What I find ironic is when this was a KFC, I would see cockroaches crawling all over the drive-through when I was nearby, and now that its a "hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint" its infinitely cleaner. Late night drunken carne asada fries? Check!Tasty adobada burrito? Check! Rolled tacos smothered in guac and cheese? You know it!Prices are reasonable, quality is consistent and good, and flavor is never lacking
4	I got the Chimichanga combo and thought the portion was too large! Prices are above average.  However, 24/7 drive-thur!
5	I personally prefer Filiberto's but they have been raising their prices so much this past year that I decided to try Federico's which is only two miles from my home !Federico's at this location is the best.  They have select combo meals for $5 and that includes a free beverage !  Are you kidding me ?Tacos with your choice of ground beef, shredded beef and chicken for .99 cents ! Everyday !Bean and cheese burritos are only $1.49 !My favorite combo meal is the taco, tostada, rice and beans with a free drink for only $5 plus tax.  This meal alone can feed two people.  However, since I am fat I choose to eat it all myself baby.  LOL.Please Note:  Not all Federico's are the same.  Not all locations are fast, clean and affordable like this location.  They certainly are not priced the same.  There is one near my job and the same combo meal costs over six dollars and that does not include a free beverage.  No Bueno !The taste and quality is just a notch below Filiberto's ( Filiberto's is the best ) but as long as this Federico's at this location keeps these awesome prices then this is my choice for fast food mexican food.
4	It's a step above all of the 'berto's places. Recommend the adobada plate or burrito or 2 beef burrito combo. Breakfast get the machaca burrito. Huge portions and cleanliness of the restaurant is a plus. Will make you want to never visit a taco bell again.
3	Stopped in for a breakfast burrito.Chorizo Special.Just OK. Chirzo was kind of bland. Lacked spices.The place was very clean and they were all friendly.Food just was nothing outstanding.
3	Well it's pretty much the late night drive thru must grab for the Phoeniz area.. Is it good Mexican food? hmmm.. Will you get the mud Butt the next morning..Probably.. However if you are drunk and it is past midnight in Phoenix you must grab a burrito, Nachos, Carne asada fries everything you get for $10.. eat it and then pass out.. If you are sober I would probably pass.
2	How hard is it to take my order and give me what I ordered? The last three times have been progressively worse. Last time, order just nachos. Pico de Gillo, quac, and sour cream on the side. Get home, no PdG, no quac, no sour cream. Tonight, fish taco plate and nachos (same way as last). Nachos are fine, my fish taco plate magically turned into some sort of squashed enchilada thing in red sauce. HOW DO YOU SCREW THIS UP? I WAS THE ONLY CAR IN THE DRIVE THRU AND YOU REPEATED THE ORDER BACK TO ME. I'm miles away now and can't go back. If I ever do. The food is just OK. It will be a long while before I go back. Even the beans and rice where nearly flavorless.
5	This is the Cadillac of drive tru Mexican. Fast and perfect food. Love the rolled tacos and bacon breakfast burritos. 24 hours so you can your food on after the bar.
3	Good food but they always fuk the orders up.
4	They seemed to have upped the spices my last couple of visits, so I upped my rating.
4	Just left this federicos.  I had a Texas burrito and hubby had the Rey burrito. Both were above average, and the restaurant was very clean. No flies on window sills and floor was freshly mopped. Staff were courteous and helpful.Will come again.
5	If you are looking for fresh & delicious food look no further my friend. The service was fast and friendly and served with a smile. They even let me sample the horchata! The restaurant was clean and they are even open 24hr. I will be back!
3	Not impressed, and it does not take alot to make me twinkle. The burritos are half the size and twice the price.oh and if you complain , they act like Apple. Love it or leave, whats the alternative?..Taco Bell?..I'll stay away for now, as always keep shopping around and don't settle for less. Vote with your dollar!!
5	I recommend this place due to the cheap combos, cleanliness, fast service, quality of food, and the wide variety of the food. I go all the time with my family and it's always just as great as the time before. It's rare to actually find real Mexican food but Federico's has it 24/7!!!
3	Great food, but my order gets messed almost every time up.Today, Arizona burrito was missing and 2 sides of guacamole MIA....Last visit my French fries were MIA......I wouldn't mind but it gets expensive ordering food you never get!!!Going to trying some other Mexican restaurants in the area because this is getting old!!!!!!!
4	Love their food.  Generous servings and best flan I have tasted in years.  Basically a drive through and the employees do not speak much English, but who cares the food is great.
5	The staff are all very frindly. Place is very clean inside and out. The food is good with lots of flavor. I know it's fast food but it is a lot better then Taco Bell and I think it's even better then Filibertos. If your unsure what something is they will explain it to you. They are open 24 hrs but the best thing I like about them is they care about their employees. They are closed on Thanksgiving and Christmas like they should be. I respect that very much.
2	I will not be returning to Federico's.I've been ordering burritos from Federico's for some time now. I usually just go bean and cheese with some rice, guac and pico. Simple. Tasty.Today I opted for the drive thru for the first time, and I took a moment to decide whether I wanted to switch it up with some chicken. I made my choice to add it to my burrito and proceeded to the window to pay for it, even giving a bigger than usual holiday tip. This was gonna be GREAT.What happened next was heartbreaking and left me in shock and awe. On my way home, I steal a bite of my burrito and it's all chicken. None of my other burrito adornments are in sight as I peer through this salty mess of chicken. I give it a squeeze and all I feel is lumpy chicken for miles. Da hell? I decided to wait until I got home to investigate further.My burrito was assembled as if it had purposefully been intended to be the worst burrito ever. 2/3 of one end was chicken and the last third was cheese, beans, a few grains of rice, pico, and maybe a DROP OR TWO OF GUAC. In that order, as if perfectly arranged one on top of the other to ensure minimal mixing of ingredients and a mouth full of unmelted cheese. I'm serious. I know it sounds crazy, but I don't joke about burritos.I think it's reasonable to expect that anyone working at a mexican food establishment would be familiar with proper burrito assembly. Anyone who has even eaten a burrito could have done a better job assembling my burrito so as to properly disperse it's contents. With their eyes closed.This, in my opinion, is inexcusable and honestly felt like a deliberate "F*** YOU." This is not a risk I am willing to take again. I'll be sticking with Rolando's on 35th and Peoria.
