5	My daughter came here for swim plugs and she really thought it was fun to get them made.  I came for fitted ear plugs and I also had a good experience.
5	I have never been to any other office before and Im glad that I found this place. This is going to be a bit long. Early this year I had trouble with my insurance following up with me and waited almost three months to be referred to a preferred provider. I switched from a PPO to an HMO plan in the middle of the process of getting my device thinking it wouldn't be as bad since I had two insurances. But of course I faced the consequences. One day I just got tired of waiting and school semester was about to start and felt that I needed to do something. So I picked up my phone to call around to see if any audiology clinic can help me out. This place was the first place I called and never had to call another. There were two gals that helped me out. One of the staff told me she was new and I can't recall the other staff's name. They both took their time to listen to what I was going through and said they believed that they can help me out. They took my information and told me they will talk to their supervisor and check with my insurance and call me back as soon as they hear something. Everything turned out great. I believe I got my device within a month. Dr. David is a really nice doctor. He always makes you feel comfortable at each visits. He is not like other doctors who you wait for for at least 50 minutes and only get to talk to for 3-6 minutes. He chats and laughs with you too. The other doctor are great as well. Other things I like are: Wait time is not bad at all. The longest I've waited was 35 minutes but didn't felt like it since they always acknowledge you as you wait in their waiting area. It's a nice gesture. I like how accurate they are when the doctors give you an estimate time frame e.g. how long itll take you take get your device or ear plugs ect. and will get back to you asap. I like that they remind you of your appointment as other offices does but never bombard your phone.I wish they were open on Saturdays. I work and go to school so it's hard to get around my schedule. There was a time that I thought of looking for another clinic that would be open on a Saturday BUT I wasn't sure if I'd really like to trade my experience here for a Saturday visit else where. I'm still here :) and I definitely recommend this place
5	My dad, Ed Hall, went to Anderson Audiology as he was having trouble with new hearing aids from a competitor.  The competitor charged every time he went in and never got them adjusted right.  The other doctor refused to do anything else for him without paying again. And hearing aids never worked properly.  He found Dr. Gascay and she sent the same hearing aids back to manufacturer as they had a faulty microphone.  Because these were still under warranty and there was no charge.  Dr. Gascay fixed the problem.  She was professional, diligent and kind.  She worked hard with equipment to get speech where it should be and removed humming.  He is very happy with this office and this doctor.  Highly recommend this doctor to anyone.
