3	A small kitchen place that stocks higher end products (think Le Creuset and All Clad) but where you can still find just about everything you would need, if not at the best prices.  I found a great pastry blender at a normal price but was not able to find a less-than-designer pie pan (only Emile Henry and other fancy ceramics).  On the other hand they have a huge collection of cookie cutters in the back for only $0.99 each.  I got an angelfish, flamingo, and elephant for my gingerbread house tableaux.  They also carry a great range of pepper grinders - which has been much on my mind lately as I've been going through a bunch of crappy ones.  You can get a great grinder for $30 or less - a great deal since a similar grinder at Sur La Table was going to set me back $60.All in all I would say if you can't find what you're looking for anywhere else, this is probably a great place to come.
3	I still think this is an A-OK place but after using my pepper grinder for a year I will say that they don't have any useful advice (perhaps they are not cooks?).  My pepper grinder barely works and it's been like this for 6 months.  What a rip off.  Although I don't blame The Kitchen for the shoddiness of the product, I will blame them for not knowing what they were talking about when I asked them for advice.
4	In the Kitchen is a pretty great resource for all types of cooks--serious, hobbyist, or dabbler.  They strike a nice balance between fancypants and practical, and stock everything from canning supplies to tortilla presses to pasta makers to fancy knives to KitchenAid mixers.  Every time I'm in the Strip, I spend way too long drooling over everything in the store.  Staff is friendly and helpful without being overbearing.  They're a locally-owned business, too!
5	I've got skills now, baby...wicked knife skills!  Okay, so maybe not wicked, but a heck of a lot better than before.  Who knew I could accomplish a perfect brunoise?  That, as experienced in the kitchen as I am, I've been holding the knife all wrong???  Such control I have now!I highly recommend the Knife Skills class and I'm anxiously awaiting the Cake Decorating class later on.  And they have a Pasta Class that teaches technique for 3 pastas AND 3 pasta sauces!   Sign me up!The only disappointment of the night was that I didn't hear the words, "Please pack your knives and go" at the end of the class.  Yes, I'm such a Top Chef nerd.
1	Wow.  It pains me to write this update.  I've been a (good!) customer of In the Kitchen since it was located in Wexford.  I've spent plenty of bucks on stuff I needed (and really didn't actually NEED) for me.  I've spent plenty of money on gifts for friends and for shower gifts.  Since the store has been in the Strip District I've trudged happily over to spend lunches browsing and buying the aisles and frequently accompanied by friends who spent their own bucks there.And then.  I bought a Living Social Deal.  On yet another lunch hour spent in the store, I selected a knife and went to check out with my LS certificate.  The clerk looked at the knife and the deal and told me it wasn't good on knives.  Hmmm.  I looked - again - at the certificate.  Nope, no mention of not being good on knives.  "Oh.  Well, it's not good on sale items."  Another perusal of the certificate.  Hmmm...no mention of not being good on sale items.  The clerk then said she'd need to get the owner.  The owner came out - the formerly charming, lovely individual I'd chatted up many times over the years discussing quality, technique, suggested brands.  Quite a different demeanor this time, unfortunately.  She said they couldn't honor the deal on a sale item because it cut into their profit.  Really?  I understand wanting to stay in the black.  But the deal is the deal....you can't write your own rules after the fact.  I took my Living Social deal, left the knife behind and promptly called Living Social when I got back to the office.  They were not pleased.  In the Kitchen violated the terms of usage.  My purchase price of the deal was refunded and In the Kitchen lost a previously loyal customer.  A side note:  ironically, I'm the Duchess of In the Kitchen....anyone who'd like that "title" can have it!
1	Bad customer Service. They sell out of date items also. Way over priced as well, if your search a little better you can bet a better deal for the same item.
4	I have this bad habit of liking kitchen stores and cooking channels, though I rarely cook anymore.  I think it's all the gadgets for particular uses that draws me in or the brightly colored baubles.  Yeah, that's probably it.Anyway, I strolled down each aisle happily discovering new gadgets.  I ended up buying some Amish colorful popcorn.  Yes, yes, I even looked at the label and realized it wasn't even made in PA but in IN.  I still bought it as I'm addicted to popcorn.What really caught my attention was a table laden with Pittsburgh specific items such as dinnerware, kitchen towels, coffee mugs, and wine glasses.  Each had Pittsburgh words and pictures on them in a black and white theme.  Next time...The best part?  They're a PA independent company.
4	I have visited this store at least eight times since I moved to Pittsburgh over two years ago and have always enjoyed shopping here. They often have more unique kitchen items that I would have trouble finding elsewhere. In particular, they have a great selection of beautiful cutting boards and Ateco icing tips (vs. Wilton being widely available at Michael's and Jo-Ann's). If you have trouble finding a particular item, I highly suggest giving them a call to see if they have it. We've also been here on a summer Saturday when they had a lot of local PA vendors selling kitchen items throughout the store. It was a great way of learning about local vendors!
4	My wife and I can't seem to walk past a kitchen specialty store without walking in...and buying something...but for the most part, they're all pretty similar. They'll carry everything you could imagine, from low-end products to high-end items, and you'll always walk out with something you didn't plan on buying in the first place. The only thing that I feel really sets most places apart is their staff. Are they knowledgeable? Are they nice? Are they helpful? Are they obnoxious and pushy salespeople?Having been in countless specialty stores, I can honestly say that In The Kitchen is one of the best places to shop. Maybe it's the fact that they're locally owned and operated, but their staff has always been very helpful and incredibly nice. Plus, since they changed the layout of the registers, the store is a lot more open and easier to navigate. If you haven't been in for a while, you'll notice the difference immediately!Overall, I think the independently-owned nature of In The Kitchen is what really makes it unique. If you're in the market for kitchen wares and you want to support local business, In The Kitchen is the place to go. Great selection, welcoming staff, and fair prices. It's is the perfect place to buy that random gadget that you don't have that would allow you to make the crazy recipe you conjured up when you were roaming the aisles of Penn Mac for an hour.
4	Excellent customer service and deep product line.  Fun place to pick up a treat for yourself or gift for friend.  Possible to pay and call to pick up merchandise later when driving into The Strip with your car.Only negative is normal, not discounted pricing, but then you don't  pay shipping if shopping in peron.
5	Another amazing store that we stumbled upon while exploring Pittsburgh.  Such a neat store with all kinds of kitchen items.  Looks like you can order anything they sell on the website which is cool.  I don't think a lot of people are looking to shop when they are visiting Pittsburgh, but the city has a bunch of unique shops and this is one of the better ones.  Check it out!
3	I cannot help but compare this store to Sur-la-tab.  And it just doesn't compare.We thoroughly browsed this shop and neither me nor my kitchen-gadget-crazed Friend found any reason to part with any money.This would, however, be a great stocking stuffer stop!
3	Stopped in a few times and it's not bad just not great. Not very organized but has ALOT of stuff. Took a while to find what I was looking for. Better then some in the burg.
2	Very nice selection of over priced kitchen ideas that I browse and then look up on Amazon for a fraction if the price. :(
