5	Let me start by saying I LOVE Stevie. I have been getting my lashes done since August 2013, and I do not plan on getting this service done by anyone else. She is very talented. Not only dose she make my lashes beautiful but she is very knowledgable in skin care. Stevie has given me several helpful tips on how to improve my skin. I have not had any other services done, beside my lashes, from Stevie but I defiantly plan on getting some in the furture.
4	I got a great facial and a short toe reading. I had no idea how accurate toe reading could be! Stevie is super sweet and my skin looks amazing.
5	Got Lashes done here.  AWESOME service!! Been doing lashes for 3 years & Stevie's AMAZE! All the instruments used to apply the lash extensions are sterilized.  The bed is heaven! The best thing is that Stevie listens to what you want, gives her professional opinion & you got awesome lashes!!!
5	I can't imagine going to anyone else now that I have found Stevie for my facials! I have had two from her and so far both times I have had amazing results.  She takes her time, and never makes me feel rushed; unlike other places where you feel aware of the clock and how much time you have.  You do not buy a specific facial, rather she customizes the facial to your needs when your there. She knows her stuff and my skin always looks great when I leave her!! Stevie is a really warm and friendly person, making the facial all the more enjoyable!
5	Awesome Experience!I'm not one to write reviews but I wanted to share this wonderful person and her talents with everyone out there.  Stevie has done my eyelash extensions a few times now.  I found Stevie on the Novalash website listing their advanced trained stylists.  I went to Stevie's website and liked what I read and decided to give her a try.  Before trying Stevie, I had my eyelash extensions done by another advanced trained stylist.  I must say, the two stylists are night and day.  I came to Stevie quite disappointed with my existing extensions.  She removed them and we started all over.  I came out of that session so happy and satisfied.  AND, I continue to be very happy with my eyelashes going to Stevie a few times now.  She is not only knowledgeable with eyelash extensions for an individual's existing lashes, she is so meticulous and such an artist.  Couple this with being a wonderful person that listens and pays attention to my needs.  I cannot say enough about her service and talent.  I have told my sisters and friends about her and highly recommend her to anyone.  I can honestly say if you are considering eyelash extensions you will not be disappointed!
5	Awesome Experience!I'm not one to write reviews but I wanted to share this wonderful person and her talents with everyone out there.  Stevie has done my eyelash extensions a few times now.  I found Stevie on the Novalash website listing their advanced trained stylists.  I went to Stevie's website and liked what I read and decided to give her a try.  Before trying Stevie, I had my eyelash extensions done by another advanced trained stylist.  I must say, the two stylists are night and day.  I came to Stevie quite disappointed with my existing extensions.  She removed them and we started all over.  I came out of that session so happy and satisfied.  AND, I continue to be very happy with my eyelashes going to Stevie a few times now.  She is not only knowledgeable with eyelash extensions for an individual's existing lashes, she is so meticulous and such an artist.  Couple this with being a wonderful person that listens and pays attention to my needs.  I cannot say enough about her service and talent.  I have told my sisters and friends about her and highly recommend her to anyone.  I can honestly say if you are considering eyelash extensions you will not be disappointed!
5	Awesome, amazing, professional, personal. Need I say more? You just need to try it! Stevie has got it coming on and she has a surprise coming for everyone in the next few weeks... You'll love it!
5	Stevie was extremely gentle. It was my first time getting my lash extensions and it felt like going to the spa! The lashes are so natural and perfect. Stevie is a perfectionist and take time in her work. I definitely recommended coming here if you haven't tried it out and if you already have lash extensions you should try her out anyway. :)
5	My 2nd time getting lash extensions...I love this place....such a ZEN vibe when u walk in...love this plave
5	Stevie's healing arts and spa is beautiful. Everyone is so welcoming and the atmosphere is relaxing, elegant, and therapeutic. They helped me to understand how their therapies benefit and work to improve your body and overall health.
