2	Friendly staff. Tortilla chips and salsas were good.  Horchata was excellent. The steak was severely charred and the lamb was bland/lacked seasoning. We were seated in the dining area directly under a television which was loud from where we were sitting. It would be understandable if we were in the bar area, but hearing Serena Williams grunt every 4 seconds detracted from the dining experience. Perhaps we'll give it another chance in a few months.
1	Weak, overpriced and lacking quality.  My bloody maria tasted like plastic. I had extremely high hopes for this place esp since the space/location are perfect.   I would just rather drive an extra ten minutes and get a taco from Casa Rasta
4	Short review for a short visit to the new Casa Reyna restaurant attached to the fantastic grocery store located upstairs/next door. We stopped in for some chips, salsa and tacos after a long drive to town and experiencing the Incline. We sat at the bar since it was in between lunch and dinner and no one was really there. The chips and 2 salsas (salsa roja and peanut/guajillo) were pretty awesome. The roja was spicy and fresh and the peanut/guajillo was sweet and savory at the same time and a nice change of pace. The chips were fantastic. Thin, super crispy, practically perfect and made from scratch in house. The tacos were solid but inconsistent. The corn tortillas were fresh and tasty and doubled up on each taco. Carnitas was easily the star of the show with plenty of seasoning and properly cooked with slight crisp and very tender meat. The lamb barbacoa was well cooked but didn't offer much in the way of flavor or salt beyond the meat itself. Definitely needed some spice in there. The least successful was the lengua which was unfortunately chewy and lacking the the luscious texture I love in great tongue. Pleasant interior feel, very clean and comfortable. Good overall experience and I'd highly recommend stopping in to give them a shot.
4	Went on first night, service was great. The lamb 38.00 ( feeds 2) was moist and tasty but only 2 tortillas, I asked for more, got 2 more charged 1.25 extra. Love the food, though, space is very comfortable. Will go back, hope they give me more tortillas for the lamb as I did like it, especially with some of the yummy salsas.
3	I really want to give this place a better review, because it's jaw-droppingly gorgeous and I wanted to love it...but I didn't.They just opened, so I'm hoping they are just working out some kinks.  The chips and salsa were great, but the food was just so-so.  I ordered a tamale, and the husband ordered some mole enchiladas--neither one of us thought the food was bad, it just wasn't our favorite.  The portions are also pretty small for the price, if that's something that bothers you.  (I didn't leave feeling hungry, I'm just saying.)  There are some really unique/authentic dishes on the menu compared to the usual Mexican places around town.I ordered a glass of wine and he ordered a beer--another table had margaritas that looked awesome, so I think if we come back it will be a drinks/appetizers situation.  It's downstairs, kind of dark, romantically lit, and has an old-school Mexican vibe that makes you feel like you're going to run into Zorro or something.  Definitely would be a good date-night spot if you're adventurous!
3	Oh Casa Reyna, I had such high expectations for you!!!Overall, it was a little pricier than I expected. $15 is fine for Mexican, but I was expecting the same taco prices as the stand :( They also had specials on the sign outside that were apparently for next week??? Why would you do that?Good ceviche, but not the best I have ever had. I really wish it was more flavorful. There were out of scallops :(. Shrimp tacos were a little salty, but delisciousness none the less. I feel like they may need to scale back their menu and go back to their taco stand roots... Those taco stand tacos were effing amazing, and that is what i expected for all of the food... But, not so much.I am however going to go back, because I believe in Reynas and their tacos and I think that next time will be better. Will update!
5	This place will hopefully be the turnaround moment for PGH Mexican food, which in general has been one of my greatest disappointments with food in this city. Everyone loves Mexican food, but IMHO the city doesn't have a truly great option. Instead of focusing on my negative opinions about Mexican food in the burgh, I'll focus on the positive at Reyna's.First, some history; I actually took a small tour of this place about 4 years ago when it was barebones (but still looked functional) and have been wondering why the long wait.Well, upon entering, you'll see why. The atmosphere is extremely solid and beautiful. Very intimate as well. But, we're here for the food right? Reyna's is one of the handful of Mexican groceries in the city, and they have a reputation for making salsa and their chips are everywhere! I think Mad Mex still buys their tortilla chips..though that may have changed. Regardless, they had a lot at stake here and the time to prepare.The payoff is great...and give it some time.. I think this place will be *the* staple food to take your out of town friends.I don't even want to go into details about the food here; I had the Chiles Rellenos, multiple salsas, and my friend had the Tilapia. Though there were a few so-so's, we were quite floored by the majority of tastes. The owner, Nic, is adamant about keeping recipes as close to authentic as possible and you can sense the extra mile in every bite.Great job guys.
2	Had high hopes but what I found was an over-priced chi-chi's copy. I will say that the tortilla chips & salsas sampler WAS good n tasty, however. It's more like an on-the-main-drag tourist trap kind of restaurant than an honest attempt at authentic Mexican cuisine .  I think i'd definetly be interested in buying a bunch of their salsas to go, sometime as well as their fresh tortilla chips but i'll skip the rest of it .
5	I had really high expectations for this place and I'm happy to say my expectations were met.  Really delicious authentic Mexican food.  I had the chiles rellenos and it was really satisfying.  The food tasted very fresh and home made.  Reyna's doesn't cut any corners in their food preparation and it really came through in the taste.  The service was a little slow but it wasn't terrible. Reyna's is hands down the best Mexican food that I've eaten in Pittsburgh. I hope this place does well and sticks around for a long time.
4	Well, Pgh, you may have finally done it. You may have an actual decent, if not GOOD Mexican restaurant in your midst. I've been sampling Mexican from Leetsdale to Lawrenceville and been mostly disappointed. But now they're onto something!  A great looking space, xlnt service and delicious food. Chips and salsa and tortillas top notch! My carnitas chile verde was super tender and tasty. A little heavy on the salt, but haven't had such good Mx since leaving SF Bay. Also very generous drinks. I'm def. going back to try other dishes. Go dig.
2	Ok, the chips and salsa are really good.  I'll give them that, but after that it goes downhill fast.  It took forever to get my water glass refilled and with somewhat spicy salsa, that's kind of important.  The worst though was my food.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce (enmoladas I think is what the dish was called).  I really love good mole sauce but this was not it!  It was absolutely terrible which ruined the entire meal for me.  My kids ordered the steak tacos.  The meat was very tough and hard to chew, especially for children.  It also had very little taste.This is not a place to which we will be returning.  I am not spending that much money on bad food and so so service.  The two stars are mostly just for the chips and salsa.
5	WOW! This place is fabulous! From the decor to the margaritas to the food, you can't go wrong. The murals are beautifully done and placed throughout. The margaritas are made with fresh fruit juices. No concentrate here. I had the traditional and strawberry. Both were amazing. I also had the chance to try the mango, and you really can't go wrong with any choice.  The service is impeccable! We had regular salsa and habanero salsa. My boyfriend likes the heat, and he said it was HOT. I had the chorizo and potato tacos with white rice. The chorizo was a little spicy for me, but tolerable. (Maybe the margaritas helped.) I don't remember the name of my boyfriends dinner, but it consisted of lamb, beef, chicken, chorizo, and vegetables, with a side of red rice and refried beans. Again, everything was very tasty. I will be back to try dessert.
2	A friend & I went for lunch yesterday we did not have any alcohol and our bill was $32, We had the chips & salsa two lunch entrees and an order of guacamole. ,  The chips were good and the service was also good.  The seating/ chairs are uncomfortable back breakers.  I love Mexican food & was looking forward to the opening of this restaurant. . $32 for lunch in the strip??? I will stick to the outside taco stand.
5	Boom! I loved this place. The chips and sals HAVE NO EQUAL! The prices are as advertised (online and in front of the restaurant). How do people expect high quality food with high quality ingredients with low quality prices. This is not Tex-Mex, So Cal, or street food garbage. This is the real deal incredible mexican food that Pittsburgh has been missing. 2 star and 3 star reviewers know this place because most people in Pittsburgh wouldn't know mexican food if it slapped them in the face.I wish I could give it 6 stars!
5	Definitely 5 stars.  We loved this place so much we ate there twice in two days!  The salsa selection was awesome, the peanut was a strange choice that we had to try and it was really good. The margaritas are huge!  I recommend the blackberry!Very authentic food, so hard to find these days!  Just the kind of place we have been looking/hoping for!Atmosphere is great, rustic and fun.We will surely be back!
2	First the good: this is a really excellent location. It is a beautiful and cozy but not cave-like underground location, lots of wood with cast iron accents. Really nice, and I wish more Pittsburgh venues were visually impressive like this.Our service was friendly and reasonably attentive, though there were only 3 tables seated at the time we ate, around 6pm on a Sunday.Now the rest:I love Mexican food, from the authentic (as in, I ate it in Mexico) to the street food scene (LA taco carts, Reyna's taco cart, the place on Atwood in Oakland), to the homestyle mexican restaurants (like El Campesino)I also especially liked Reyna's drinks - lime agua fresca and horchata.So I was very hopeful that Reyna's really good taco cart beginnings would translate into an even better restaurant experience.Boy were we disappointed.First off, they never offered any complimentary chips and salsa, even after we ordered entrees... so if they do then I missed out.My daughter, who loves the lengua served at the local taco carts (Reyna's included) ordered the two lengua tacos.  They would not mix it up (meaning one fish, one lengua), you had to pick only one.I ordered the dish with four moles, because I really like any mole i've ever had.Her tacos were quite good, though she liked the Oakland taco cart ones better.  I think the reason why is that they were under-seasoned.My moles were especially disappointing.  One (with chicken) - i think mole ranchero - was too sweet, and not richly flavored, didn't like it at all (and that's my favorite!).  Two others were good but not great.. the best was the green with pork, though the pork was chewy.  And the one with I think ancho and poblano was deeply earthy but not enjoyable, though the meat in it  was tender and good.Not a bit of cilantro or lime with my food. Both my rice (white) and hers (red) were bland.Our appetizer of the roasted corn and cheese (Esquites?) was also very bland. The chips needed salt as did the corn stuff... very very wet, as if there was a lot of cream in it... it was not at all what I hoped for, but I don't have other experiences with that to compare.Finally, the horchata was unusually creamy and more gritty than usual (for Reynas). My lime agua fresca tasted like sugar water with barely a hint of lime. When I told the waiter, he came back with a pitcher of intensely strong lime stuff with barely any sweetness at all, very sour. I just added a bunch of water and sugar to make it better.So all that for $40... meh, we won't be back, unless we hear excellent news sometime in the future.
5	The staff is very impressive.
4	I'm not sure about super authentic mexican food, but I really enjoyed the atmosphere and food here. The fresh-made chips were outstanding, tacos were great and service was good. It may be a little pricey, especially compared to the sidewalk taco stands, but definitely worth a visit!
4	I will preface this review by saying that I am typically not a big fan of Mexican food but I was set on trying something new and straying from default chicken tacos.The atmosphere here was cool as I walked down the stairs into the basement,. The staffed seemed really nice and friendly.  I tried the Jalapeno Tilapia.  which is served in a cream sauce over angel hair pasta.  This was such an amazing choice.  The fish was so tender and just fell apart so nicely as I cut into it.  the sauce was a great blend and the pasta was perfect as well.  I wish I was a bit more hungry so I could enjoy more of the meal but I plan on warming back up here shortly for lunch.  For not being a big fan of Mexican food and venturing into trying something out of my ordinary, Casa Reyna made it a very rewarding adventure.
3	Wandering around the Strip for hours, you can work up quite an appetite.  This happened to us on a recent Sunday afternoon.  We decided to stumble down the half darken stairs to give Casa Reyna a try.This place has a surprisingly cute interior.  Loved the murals and the huge wooden tables and chairs.  Our server was efficient and friendly.  We started with XX lager, Mexican Coke and elotes dip served with chips.  Loved it.  I got the Aztec soup, just the right amount of spicey hotness.  It was incredible.  BJ got a South salad.  He thought it was okay.  I got mini shrimp tacos.  Just a little bland.For dessert, we shared a Tres Leches cake.  It was okay.  Not stellar.  I am thinking that other than the soup and dip, we may have ordered the wrong things.
3	I will try this place again. It was good, the ambiance was nice--though my feet didn't touch the ground on the chairs because I am such a shorty. I had the tres moles, which were good but not distinct enough. The street corn was good, but come on guys, give some free salsa, what is this? We had the cactus salad which was a nice tangy addition but can't be eaten on it's own because it's too acidic. My biggest "complaint" if you could call it that was just that the menu wasn't customizable enough. What if I want one cheese enchilada one pork and one chicken? That should be allowed. Same with the tres moles...this would be a great place for sharing, if only I was with a meat eater : (
4	I am a big fan of the taco stand on Saturdays.  I'm an even bigger fan of the restaurant below the store.  I ordered the chips with two salsas, chorizo tacos, and mole enchiladas to split with my friend all of which were great.  One problem is that you can't mix and match the tacos.  Our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu, the hostess who seated us was friendly, and the host was gracious.   With drinks and tip, the dinner for two was less than $50.  Word of warning: If you're under 5'5", your feet won't touch the ground when you sit in the chairs.  I chalked it up to the charm of the restaurant.
2	The wait staff was exceptionally pleasant and efficient, and the ambiance was great, but my list of nice things to say ends there. The tacos seemed to universally use poor cuts of meat, meaning it was full of gristle and fat. My barbacoa taco came out cool to the touch, leaving me wonder how something that was slow cooked could have cooled down. The steak they replaced it with was hot, but also chewy. They did remove these entrees from our bill, but even with the pleasant staff, I'd be hard pressed to return. I'd rather hit up Las Palmas for a taco any day.
4	Casa Reyna might just be my new favorite Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh. This is probably as close to authentic Mexican cuisine as you will find in the city. The tacos and salsas were fresh and full of flavors. The fact they make their tacos onsite likely helps. The margarita was one of the best that I've ever had as well. My only reason for not giving Casa Reyna five stars is the price. It seems expensive compared to other Mexican restaurants. That being said, I'll be back often just not as frequently as I'd like.
4	I think the food here is remarkable and very authentic.  You can start off with a wonderful variety of salsas and chips.  I ordered the special, which was a lot of food and absolutely delicious.  The ingredients are all fresh, everything tastes great.The service is first rate and the staff is friendly.I can't wait to go again.
4	I can't believe I waited so long to come here! How many tacos, enchilada's and nachos have I missed? It really frightens me to think of this...I wish I could say this is the whole package, but they're missing one thing I love in Mexican restaurants. But, we'll get to that later! While you head down the stairs to the basement, you may think, why am I going down a weird stairway to a creepy basement? But then you walk into the doorway downstairs and it's a beautiful restaurant! All dark wood with grand wooden tables. The decorations are everywhere, while borderline tacky, they're fun to look at. Especially the large picture of a blue haired warrior (I think warrior??). The server was super friendly and attentive and our apps and meal came out in what seemed like five seconds. Granted we were there around 6:30pm when it wasn't too busy, but it sure seemed hoppin' by the time we left around 8ish. I was excited to order a margarita, and even more excited when it came in a large shaker. Time to party!! It was good, but it wasn't awesome. I think it was a tad too sweet for me. Maybe a little less triple sec? But for $12, I'd say it was a good size.There's literally 8 different salsa's to choose from, which can be a bit overwhelming. But if you want spicy or mild, fruit or veggie, it's all there. We tried the verde and the chipotle, and both were very good. I thought the chipotle was way different than I'd ever had, but I really liked it. Plus the chips were fresh and homemade. I ordered the enchilada, but switched it up with shrimp instead of chicken with a $2 up-charge.  It came loaded with lettuce, sauce and 3 corn tortilla's. Plus, white rice. I love me some sauce, so it was nice to mix in with the rice. And the enchilada was very tasty. I actually could go for one right now... hmmmmm....So what was wrong? I was bummed about the gauc. It wasn't good. It wasn't bad. It was just lacking seasoning. I really thought it would have been awesome, being that the I have high standards with their taco stand out front. Hopefully that will get better, but I will surely be back to house some more food in the near future!
4	What a great place to take a break from the crowds of the strip! You can duck away into the basement and enjoy some quality Mexican food (and fantastic margaritas) while escaping the masses. We had a large group of thirsty bikers but still had a hard time finishing our pitchers - they are huge! In the end, of course, we prevailed, but it was a challenge! The food is also very good. Being a big taco fan, I ordered the Mini Tacos, forgoing the rice and beans so I could try both the Shrimp and the Steak. They were great! I also tried a bite of the Lengua out of curiosity. I wasn't a fan but I think that I am just not a fan of cow tongue.
4	I have been patiently waiting for this place to open up for business since I frequent the Taco stand as often as I can. We stopped in for lunch to see what they had to offer.I was very surprised after descending the stairs to find a very well lit, clean, and nicely decorated dining room. We were seated promptly upon entering. We tried two of the salsas Casera and Tomatillo Verde. Both tasted fresh and had good flavor, I was happy that they were not at all spicy as I'm not a fan of overly hot(spicy) foods. My main dish I ordered was from the Dinner menu, I thought that was cool that they were setup to make food from their Lunch and dinner menu. I tried the Traditional Moles since I thought it would give me a quick general sampling of what they can do. This dish contained 4 different mole styles. I don't know if they make their mole sauces in house but I would hope that they do... It was pretty darn good, the only complaint I had was that the Chicken in the chocolate mole was extremely dry. The serving size was pretty large and I definitely brought a portion home with me.The service was outstanding and I can't believe how quickly they got our food out to us after ordering, the place did have about 4 other tables , by no means was it full but for a lunch you could definitely get done in well under an hour. The server was awesome, very knowledgeable about stuff they had to offer and was friendly and fast.
1	Didn't like. My coworkers and I planned for over a month to go on their grand opening. When the day finally came we find out it is only a 'soft opening' for friends and family, but they allowed us to stay. The food was mediocre and flavorless. The wait staff was nice, though I was taken back when the owner Nico couldn't take a minute from socializing to come greet our table given we all work in the strip. Nico seemed more concerned with socializing with 'important' people from community than greeting his neighbors from the strip. I won't be back. If you want authentic, cheap tacos try Edgar's right around the corner on 21st street.
4	Great food and good service. As a Californian, this is as good as it gets in PITT and it's great.  Salsa is killer with great flavor and the chips are same day fresh. The on special pineapple fajitas are the way to go.
4	Probably the best Mexican food we've had in Pittsburgh.  Nice ambiance, good service. Still not used to paying for chips and salsa, but they were very good and inexpensive. I highly recommend trying one of the soups.
4	Ok, so I have been back twice. One time the service was super slow, and the other it was not. Both times the food was great and the horchata was amazing (and freshly made). I would like to go back again and have good service to give this place 5 stars, because the food is there, but I'm just not sure the service is yet.
3	Stopped by as i left town for lunch and was delighted to find a Mexican place serving soy chorizo.  Then I got even more excited, because they have a version of Tiramisu made with tequila.  As disgusting as that might sound, I could not WAIT to put it in my mouth-hole.Sadly, they were out of both items.  Completely out.That's not why this place has 3 stars, however.  It's a perfectly fine Mexican restaurant, but it's a little pricey for the kind and amount of food you get.  I got tacos that, normally, I could get with better ingredients from my local food truck - and I'd get three tacos instead of 2!  Also, the menu makes pains to express "Lettuce and tomato is not normally part of a traditional Mexican cuisine, but can be added per request."  To me, this sounds like a kind of snobby authenticity game that is meant to shame the consumer.  Maybe I was being overly sensitive at the time and reading into things.  But, if you want to make traditional style food, just do it.  Don't apologize.  Perhaps their clients had a lot of complaints or something, but, again, if you just put it out there, the customers you want will come.Otherwise, it was a nice meal.  A great selection of salsas of unique varieties.  I don't think that I'd head back, though, because nothing was that memorable - and the strip district has much more to offer.
5	"Mexican food" in Pittsburgh used to be something like a whisper in the wind, not quite sure if what you heard was actually said. The concept had been ignored, for the most part willfully by our 412 and 724 contemporaries satisfied with a Mad Mex or El Campesino imposter.Slowly the tide began to turn with Reynas and Las Palmas taco stands creating a migration of the taste bud towards something more original, a secret they were finally willing to bestow upon our woefully ignorant palates. King Food said Reynas restaurant was legit. I was intrigued, but not compelled to immediate action. Deep down inside though, I knew if King Food said it was legit...that I had to try it out. I recently ventured there with him, my girlfriend and another friend to finally check it out. I had no idea how much they re-did the basement. It was a quaint cantina, replete with muralistic paintings and cozy lighting.Our service was attentive and prompt. The salsa sampler...succulent smoky bliss. Every dish that was passed around (I had the Anchos Rellenos) was full of flavors and subtle spicing. My girlfriend had the Mole sampler, which was a diverse and delicious heaping of food.I am glad that Reynas proved to Pgh that they are a Mex-I-Can.
5	Holy mole! There are few things I am too lazy to try to make for myself at home, but mole is one of them.  A good, traditional mole sauce has more ingredients than my attention span can handle and the fake stuff that comes out of a jar (or that is served at any of Pittsburgh's other "Mexican" restaurants) just doesn't make the cut.  Imagine my excitement when I got to Casa Reyna and saw that the menu not only includes a traditional chicken mole, but a total of FOUR different moles all wrapped up into one beautiful sampler dish.  I wish I remembered what they all were, I know in addition to the chicken there was a mole verde with tomatillos and poblanos served with the most succulent pork ever, a beef with some kind of red mole, and a fourth that really could have been made of anything (I really have no idea) but I do know I would eat spoonfuls of it.In addition to my obsession with this sauce, I loved everything about Casa Reyna.  It was like the stairs took you through some magical tunnel and transported you right to a cantina in the middle of Mexico.  I loved the ambiance and decor, our waitress was fabulous, and I didn't even mind the thirty or so pictures of Frida Kahlo staring at me while I ate. Our table started with a salsa sampler.  I always say you can tell how good a restaurant is going to be by the bread (or in this case chips) and accompaniments you get at the beginning of the meal.  Casa Reyna was off to a great start with crispy, warm, non-greasy chips and four amazing salsas.  Obviously, I LOVED my entree (see above if you've forgotten) and everyone at the table cleaned their plates and filled their bellies.Another huge plus is that even though Casa Renya is in the Strip, they have- wait for it- NORMAL RESTAURANT OPERATING HOURS. I know I shouldn't be so excited about this, but I was worried they would follow the trend of everywhere else I love to eat in the Strip and cater to the daytime working crowd, forcing me to take personal days from work just to indulge in an authentic Mexican eating experience.  Now I can eat here any time I want, and plan to take advantage of that frequently!
4	Best margaritas in town. Excellent chips and salsa. We weren't crazy about the main courses. We both got enchiladas and were not impressed. I'll gladly come back again for the margaritas and try to find a better dish.
5	This place is great! Loved the decor and service. Weird that it's in the basement of a store, but it looks really nice down there. The tacos, chips, guac, and salsas were excellent. My chocolate tres leche cake was a winner too. Recommended.
3	Womp womp. We went here for dinner and sat at our table for more than 15 minutes without a server coming to see us. My husband stopped a server to ask if he could help us and it appears there was confusion as to which server's section our table was in. Once we got a server to help us though, things ran smoothly. Our meals came out quickly and our server was attentive.I ordered the enchiladas verde and thought it was okay. It was a little lacking in the flavor department. The green sauce was good and spicy, but the shredded chicken inside the tortillas was very bland. My husband got the chorizo tacos and really enjoyed them.We had the guacamole as an appetizer and I thought it was good. We actually ended up getting a second order and devoured both! The chips were freshly made and delish.
5	Let's cut to the chase.  This is the best Mexican food in Pittsburgh.  I've traveled extensively in Mexico and the southwest US and have not found a better chile verde.
4	Pittsburgh lacks good Mexican food. Casa Reyna delivers. The restaurant is downstairs. The vibe is relaxed. Servers are always friendly and smiling and never trying to upsell.Start off with some chips and salsa. The spicy and sweet mango salsa are both good. They need better containers for their salsa though. They are kinda flat, and do not lend well to scooping. Also, the chips could be a little less oily, but I don't really care after a few tequila shots.I am a fan of their fish tacos. The fish is always perfectly breaded, and they wrap it in hard, as well as a soft taco shell (delish!). Friends always liked what they ordered. I am always too busy with my fish tacos to pay attention.If you think El Campesino or Mad Mex are good, come here for some schooling of your taste buds.
5	What a hidden gem. Always loved the outdoor taco stand while shopping in the strip...but go downstairs and a surprise awaits. The decor is genuine and interesting. A variety of very comfortable, quality seating choices (high tops, long communal-like tables and traditional seating) peek into windows where tortillas are being made on an old-school conveyor. Food is authentic and fresh, high quality ingredients. We have tried all the meats now and each was seasoned very tastily and expertly! A full bar lines one wall... so I imagine its lively on weekends!From a California transplant, this is the best Mexican food in Pittsburgh.
4	This is a great place to go if you're craving some Mexican. It's kind of a hidden entrance but it's not a hike in the wall. It has a nice atmosphere and just as good of food. I definitely recommend the sweet mango salsa if you go for the sampler appetizer. I had the chorizo and potato tacos and they were great. Soft and fluffy tortillas that weren't overfilled but were just the right size. The flavors were definitely well defined and brought by with authentic recipes and much care. Overall I would come here every week if possible and would recommend it in a heartbeat.
4	This might have become my favorite Mexican restaurant in town, but it's not perfect.  Since it's under Reyna's grocer it's in a basement, and it's tough to get away from that feeling.  It's not that you feel claustrophobic in there, but no windows are no windows, and it has a bit of that basement feel to it.  The decor/ambiance (aside from no windows) is nice and warm, although the decor is fairly (putting it nicely?) over the top.  The salsa and chips are fantastic, but ask your server about the salsas.  I'm a bit (also putting it nicely) of a wuss when it comes to spicy food.  So I've ordered salsas that were a bit over my threshold, and I regretted it.  The sweet mango salsa is fantastic, but skip the guacamole.  I love some guacamole, and can make better at home.  It just doesn't really taste like anything.  Margaritas - If you balk at the $12 price tag don't be fooled.  You essentially get at least 2 when they bring you a shaker,  so be prepared to drink up.  In my two visits I've tried the enchiladas verde, and the tacos (steak, chicken, and chorizo).  Loved them all.  Will definitely continue visiting Casa Reyna's whenever I want Mexican food, which is quite often.
2	The restaurant staff was very nice and accommodating to our large group, but I found the food to be very mediocre for a Mexican restaurant. When I asked the waiter for some hot salsa to literally spice up my very plain vegetarian quesadilla (cheese, spinach, and mushrooms in a bleached white flour tortilla), I was given two small bottles of hot sauce, rather than a small cup of fresh salsa or fresh jalapenos. This was very disappointing to me. I expect fresh salsa when I ask for some salsa in a Mexican restaurant. I can buy hot sauce to use at home. I want FRESH ingredients when I'm at a restaurant. When I tried both bottles, and they still weren't very hot, I asked if there was anything else I could add to my food because, I explained, "I like hot and spicy food." Then, he brought me two more bottles of hot sauce, and a very small container of a green salsa. It was OK, but the flavor was nothing special. The bottles of hot sauce were also just OK. (Although, one bottle of hot sauce WAS highly entertaining for its name, "One Fucking Drop at a Time!" Seriously. I'll post pics when I have time. That was really funny!)The quesadilla was edible, but nothing special, and nothing that I would go out of my way to eat again. There really wasn't any seasoning or spices used. It tasted very plain, which is why I wanted some hot salsa. Maybe their meat dishes are better, but I've become a vegetarian and haven't eaten meat since Jan. 1, 2014. There were very few options for vegetarian meals.The highlight of the meal was the guacamole, which was very good on my plate, but not so much on my head! One of the waiters (while clearing the table) had overloaded a tray with plates and accidentally dropped one of the plates with leftover food RIGHT ON MY HEAD! I felt the plate (and food) land on me from behind, and then it fell over my shoulder, onto my lap, and onto the floor! I ended up with guacamole in my hair! I wish someone had recorded a video of the dish falling on my head because I'm sure it would be hilarious to watch, and I missed my opportunity to become a YouTube sensation! LOL. Fortunately, I sustained no damage, and I'll bet my hair will be extra shiny this week due to the guacamole conditioning treatment that I received at no extra charge. I would go back to Casa Reyna if I was with a group that wanted to go, but I would not seek it out myself. The selection is kind of slim pickings for vegetarians. But, the staff is very nice. I have no bad feelings about the dropped plate. We are all human, and we all make mistakes. I was a waitress in college, and my nickname was "Crash!" LOL. But, I never dropped food on anyone's head. I just dropped a tray full of glasses on the floor once at C.J. Barney's in Oakland...about 32 years ago. Damn, I'm old. :-)
4	An employee from our division in Mexico was in Pittsburgh training and I was tasked with giving him a tour of the city.  He told me he hadn't had authentic Mexican food since coming to America and really wanted some.  I remembered wanting to try Casa Reyna. Antonio was impressed and thanked me for taking him somewhere that reminded him of home.That right there folks deserves 4 stars in my book.The beef tongue tacos and service were good as well.  The chips were just decent and the seating was really cramped.If you want authentic Mexican take a trip to the Strip.Oh yes.  Rhyme time.
5	My poor husband from Los Angeles has missed Mexican food more than anything else since we moved to Western PA. We finally got to Reyna's. He actually wept when he bit into his taco. The service was great, the drinks were beyond generous and the food was SO authentic. I'll make the drive at least once a month to see my husband that happy.
4	I stopped in for a quick bite and only needed something small. My gf got some soup and I got the carnitas taco app. Pork was a tad salty but delicious. The soup was very traditional tasting and hearty. We will give this place another go for sure to try and earn its last star. Wait staff was every nice and attentive. I would recommend!
5	I loved the food, the decor, the service, and the feeling Casa Reyna provided me with at my lunch today!  It was not crowded, which was shocking to me for how great my experience was there.  Definitely better than any Mexican food that I have had before and it is all pretty much made right there.  The food is all locally produced which made me feel comfortable eating it.  If you are thinking about going out for a traditional, delicious mexican lunch or dinner I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.  Also they have the cool little store upstairs with lots of different Mexican foods to purchase and take home with you.
1	This review is for the taco stand in front of Reyna's, which is run by the same owner as Reyna's and Casa Reyna. Note that this is *not* the same stand as the one around the corner on 21st Street, across the alley from Pamela's.I got an order of three tacos from them on a cold day a couple weekends ago. The meat was cold before I could start eating it, and I assumed it had just cooled off quickly. Within a few hours everything I had eaten was leaving me in a hurry. I felt sick and weak for the rest of the day, and was better (and completely empty) the next morning.Never going back, of course. This doesn't directly reflect on Casa Reyna's inside restaurant, but since the same people run it, it makes me worry about their food handling standards.
5	Casa Reyna is the place I have been waiting for! Fast and friendly service and authentic delicious food at a good price. My favorite dish is the potato and chorizo tacos, they also have a large variety of delicious salsas. Good happy hour, you gotta go check it out. Best mexican food in the burgh by far - trust me I have tried them all!
3	stopped here last month with the BF. I have to say the place reminded me of an old church in CA where I used to live and it was very heart warming! restaurant sits downstairs in the "basement" of the store, very claustrophobic for me since the lighting were dimmed. we went there during the week and were the only ones there. we wanted to stay but there was absolutely no phone signal at all so we decided to order a quick taco appetizer $10 for 4 mini tacos...not that great, pretty bland. wished I was able to try a few more things but didn't get the chance :( the staff were very nice and attentive though.
3	Chicken and pork were a bit dry. Margaritas and guacamole were overpriced. Food was still good borderline great. Authentic. Will go back....I think.
2	Visited Casa Reyna in the basement of their strip district location off 21st and Penn avenue for lunch on Good Friday.  Their ambiance downstairs is decidedly cool and feels appropriate given the genre of food.My co-worker and I opted for the special of the day: verde chicken enchiladas.The chips and salsa were good.  The enchiladas were OK, but nothing special.  The chicken was tender, but it was just overly boring and nothing to make me say, "Wow!"What deserves special mention is the horrible service.  We were seated quickly, and then sat awhile waiting for our server.  He eventually made his way over, and after repeating our order a couple of times (due to language difficulties), we waited for our food.A decent amount of time had elapsed, but our chips and salsa were nowhere to be found.  Our chips showed up, and then thirty seconds later our lunches showed up.  I would have rather had the chips instantly while we were waiting for our food.After the food was delivered, no one checked on us for an extended period of time.  Since we needed to get back to work, we flagged down the manager (our server was too busy setting up tables to cater to the ones he already had), and asked for our check.  Instead of the manager getting our check himself, he tells our already in-attentive server to get it.  We never interacted with the server after the initial placing of the order.More time elapses.....Now we are getting mad, because we've waited about 20 minutes after asking for our check, and the dirty dishes are still sitting in front of us.It wasn't until we stood up, put our jackets on told the manager that we were leaving did he finally bring the check.tl;dr: Food was ok, service was horribly slow and inattentive for lunch.
2	This place has potential but  tonight  it didn't .The AC WAS NOT ON. it was a very humid evening,.My blackberry margarita tasted watered down and very very weak. Even the color was weakThe same person was hostess bartender and server. LolThe chipotle and salsa rosa were very good although needed  salt.Chips were greasy and waxy tasting, yuk. They were shiny with grease.Fish tacos had promise but were bland as could be and oil was dripping all over corn tortillas. They were drenched with oilRefried beans were very good. Soups were awful, tasteless.It was a slow night.The atmosphere is very nice though
4	"Nacho Typical Mexican Joint!"I've been around my share of the many variations of folding, wrapping, frying, rolling, and re-arranging of rice, beans, cheese, salsas and meat in the many, many varied but 'the same' Mexican restaurants, from Texas to da burgh. From the now deceased Chi-Chi's, Taco Bell, Border Stop on the low end of the tortilla scale, to the Happy Taco in St. Louis, and the many variations of El Campesinos and Patron Grilles in da burgh. Fajitas, Burritos and tacos...oh my.I was pretty much expecting an overpriced version of the same (I know how jacked up Reyna's prices are in the store upstairs, having lived in Miami and Puerto Rico, and know what that stuff USUALLY costs - plus we ALL know what the Strip has been trying to turn into) but I have to say, I was very pleasantly surprised.First off, they have turned a basement in a very comfortable and charming eatery. I was amazed at how great a job they did with renovating. It's comfortable without being pretentious, spacious even when crowded, The tables are not bistroid tables that require a balancing act if you order more than just two dishes, and the decor is kitchy without being Chi-Chi's tacky.Now, I do have to preface the food description with the fact that everything IS on the pricey side...but that being said...The offerings are NOT your usual Tex Mex offerings. You will recognize a few things on the menu if you're a fan of the usual Mexican food, like Fajitas, Nachos...but there are very few of those recognizable items, and in my book, that was awesome.We started with an appetizer dip. The Elote (ay-LOW-tay) which was a delicious dish of grilled sweet corn blended with mayo, cheese, cilantro and a little red pepper, served up with the Reyna chips. New to me, unique and yummy. My friend did order the chicken fajitas, but even they did not arrive looking like your usual fare. The fajita 'stuffing' was in a hollowed out fresh pineapple, and was served on a plate with two bowls, one of rice, and one of refried beans. My friend took a bite of the beans and her eyes opened wide...and she said 'You HAVE to taste these beans!'  So I did...and was pretty amazed. They had a savory sweetness to them that almost made them kind of like a gravy frosting. I've never tasted anything quite like them.I decided to try one of the unfamiliars, and tried the cuatro moles (kwahhhh-tro MOW-lays). Chicken in a cocoa mole sauce, pork in a tomatilla (toe-ma-TEA-yah) mole, beef in a kind of barbecue mole, and chicken in a type of ancho mole. Served up with a side of spanish rice.  The pork was by far the best, moist and flavorful, with the chicken in cocoa mole coming in neck and neck with the beef barbecue. The other chicken wasn't so good, probably all breast (and I have NEVER been a breast man), and on the very dry side. I could eat the pork mole as an entree alone, over a bed of lightly seasoned white rice. Jummy-jummy.I really loved that I got to try 'out of the ordinary' Mexican dishes for this area, AND that they were presented nicely, and made very well. Delicioso (Day-LEE-sea-OH-so). Our server was an adorable guy named Manolo, who was incredibly gracious, meticulous and purposeful. My friend commented on how every move he made seemed 'intended'. He was helpful, attentive, refilled our beverages quickly, and was nice to chat with in Spanish, which made my friend say 'I have no idea what you're saying'.The only reason I'm not giving the full five stars is the pricing. It really is a little steep. Nothing on the menu in the dinner category really fell anywhere under $15, and the beverages were definitely on high mark-up. Two Diet pepsis and two iced teas...$3 EACH. That's $12 for regular ol' non-alcoholic drinks, only $2 cheaper than the cheapest entree. I maybe could have lived with $3 refillables...but $3 EACH? That's a bit outlandish. But then Reyna tends to gouge wherever he can. I'm surprised the water was free.I do have to say, even without eating the dry chicken mole, I was QUITE full, and very satisfied, as was my friend. She even had to take a photo of her Fajita presentation...swearing that she 'never does that'. I would actually return just to try something else I've never had before. There were plenty of those on the menu.You did a great job there Reyna...just ease up on the gouging...leave that up to the Sunseri and Wholey families. They've mastered the art. You don't need to keep up with those 'Joneses'. That second glass of tea is NOT going to break you.
5	I just love Reynas!  Their tortillas are so amazing. Margaritas: to die for!  We had shrimp enchiladas, fish tacos and chile rellenos.   All great!  My only diss was that I was to wussy for their chipotle salsa, and that's on me, not them. I'll adjust my palate to live up to it. They give the consumer a choice of 6 different salsas. (We sampled the tomatillo and the aforementioned chipotle. ). Love the Reynas!
3	The food was good. The presentation was pretty but the service was slow and we had no idea who our server was. Multiple people stopped at the table and it was confusing. The drinks were good and well priced.
3	The food here is very good, but not great. I had the enchiladas reynas. Again good, but not great. Could have done with some more flavors. We had salsa and chips, guac, and margaritas. Margarita was ok. Guac was yummy. Chips and salsa were excellent. I would give this place a strong 4 stars for food and atmosphere. The place had a very nice atmosphere though was a bit loud. The reason for the 3 stars was the service. While they were extremely nice when asked for anything, we had to ask, often. Missing parts of our orders, incorrect items on check and a standard dinner of drinks, apps, and entrees took over 2 hours. A few more servers would really bring this place up a notch. Would I go back? Yes. The menu is flushed out enough and the food was tasty. Would enjoy trying the fajitas server in a half pineapple one other partyMember had.
2	"Still searching for a good Mexican food restaurant in Pittsburgh"I must give full disclosure as a preface to my review.  I returned to Pittsburgh three years ago after spending 27 years in San Antonio, Texas.  I grew to love, and recognize good Mexican food while living there.  Good Mexican food is plentiful and cheap (read NOT expensive).I visited Casa Reyna at about 2 p.m. on a Tuesday afternoon.  I got a good chance to observe the restaurant while waiting about ten minutes for someone to seat me.  (You must "wait to be seated.")  The restaurant has the usual Mexican restaurant decor, i.e., signs for Mexican beer, Mexican art, etc. and the somewhat loud Mexican music playing in the background.There was one party of two who were just finishing their meal, so there was really no justification for my long wait to be seated other than the fact that the lone waitress was in the back drying the silver.The menu appeared to contain the normal fare with prices I found to be higher than expected.  Initially, I was going to order chicken enchiladas with mole' sauce but after being told they didn't come with guacamole or much of anything else, I opted for chicken flautas.  These were advertised to be "roasted chicken" in a fried corn tortilla.  All entrees had a choice of rice OR refried beans.  I found this odd because most Mexican restaurant offer both with entrees, especially at these prices.  There were no other bean options, such as barracho (sp) beans.My meal arrived with four very, very crispy fried flautas covered with loads of shredded lettuce, a glob of guacamole and a sprinkling of cheese.  A very small bowl of refried beans with an even smaller sprinkling of cheese sat atop the plate.  I asked the waitress, (who had returned to her chore with the silver) when she finally checked on me, for some salsa.  I didn't quite understand the somewhat puzzled look she gave me but it was perhaps made clearer when she returned with a BOTTLE of "picante/salsa" that was labeled "extremely hot" along with a bottle of Tabasco Sauce and a bottle of those little green peppers found at Cracker Barrel.  I was shocked to find there was no fresh, homemade salsa!  I didn't dare ask for pico de gallo.  While I pondered using the bottled salsa, I noticed the top of the bottle (no cap or lid on it) was covered with hard, dried up stuff, old salsa I imagine.  I decided to pass on the salsa.  As a result, my meal was quite dry as the chicken in the flauta was dry and there was no sauce to add to it.  As I finished the third flauta, I detected an odd taste to the chicken.  At that point, I decided not to finish the rest.The price for this "wonderful" entree was $15, plus tax!  For this price, I would expect chips and fresh salsa before the entree arrived but, of course, Casa Reyna does not provide this typical Mexican restaurant offering.  I can and have made homemade salsa and pico de gallo at home.  It is not an expensive nor a time-consuming process.  Perhaps their normal customers consume so much Corona beer that they care not the taste of the food.  My search for a good Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh continues.
3	I've been here for dinner the first time and for lunch a few times after that.  Admittedly, after the first time, I almost didn't go back.  The service was pretty slow and the food was just ok.  But it did seem more authentic, than the typical tex/mex places around.  I was dying for tacos, so my husband and I decided to give it another shot for lunch.  I'm glad we did.  The tacos were great! They come with rice or beans.  I got the beans and they were also very tasty.  My husband got the Eggs Your Way w/Chorizo, Rice & Beans and LOVED it!   Margaritas are ok... not great... but they don't suck either.  I'm overdue for a visit and want to try the Chilaquiles Reyna!  I'll let ya know how that goes!
4	Hidden gem of the Strip District, the food is excellent and being in the basement gives the restaurant a unique vibe. The food was cooked perfectly, I highly recommend the shrimp quesadilla and the chicken tinga tostada, kind of messy but definitely worth it! We will be going back sooner than later!
4	I came here with several friends a couple of months ago.  I convinced them to give it a try, since my labmate and the reviews seemed to indicate that it's the most genuine (sit down) Mexican restaurant in the city.  Given PGH's paucity of good Mexican options, I was excited to try it out!  The space was plenty large enough for our group, and we were seated without any wait, etc. on a Sat. evening at 6pm.We started off with some margaritas.  Two of my friends opted for the mango variety, and I chose the strawberry one, which I split with another friend.  They were both delicious!  Per other reviewers' recommendations, we split the salsa sampler with green and sweet mango salsas.  This comes with a batch of their chips, made fresh in-house.  While I expected to like the mango salsa best, I found that I actually preferred the green salsa, as the mango was a bit too sweet for my taste.  If possible, I'd recommend trying several salsa varieties to see which you like best, as tastes vary!Next, we ordered entrees.  After much deliberation, I chose the mole enchiladas, which came with refried beans and rice.  While the enchiladas themselves were good, I wasn't a huge fan of the mole sauce--it was a bit too bitter for my taste.  The food was definitely quite filling, however, to the extent that I was unable to finish it.  If/when I return, I will order something different--perhaps the chiles rellenos, which my labmate recommends.  One of my friends, who grew up in Honduras and Peru, ordered the fajitas.  Holy Toledo, talk about a lot of food!  Although he has a decent appetite, he ended up taking half of it home for later consumption.  We definitely concur that the food is very genuine, so don't come here expecting Tex-Mex.Service was generally okay, but I have one complaint.  When we ordered the margaritas, the waiter carded us, which is understandable given the laws and that all of us are in our twenties.  We arrived at different times, and he carded two of my female friends when they sat down, saying he had to be fair, etc.  However, he did not card my male friend, who arrived last, despite that he was not the oldest in the group.  I could be misreading the situation, but as it stands, this seemed a bit misogynistic.
2	We've eaten at Casa Reyna on four occasions and the food has always been pretty good. The tacos are pretty good, as well as their various salsas. Explore the salsa sampler and you won't be disappointed. As expected, the chips and tortillas are both excellent.For atmosphere, Casa Reyna is also a nice place. You can tell that they took their time getting the restaurant ready. The murals, the decor, the vibe...awesome. The only downside? Don't be surprised when you get zero cell service in the restaurant. The plus side? You'll finally be able to focus on your actual restaurant experience since you won't have the outside distraction. Unfortunately, the lack of distractions also means that you'll KNOW when something is off...and that's why this rating is so low.Service may have only been bad on our last experience, but it was infuriating enough to make me not want to return, despite the other decent experiences. When we order a skinny margarita on our first four visits, it's safe to say we MIGHT know how they taste. We MIGHT have been told how they make them by the previous waitstaff upon asking. As customers, we MIGHT be "right," regardless of whether the bartenders agree or not. The simplest approach is to work with us to make our drinks enjoyable. Make your customer happy...you know...so we stick around and want to return again and again. Not argue with us. Not try to act like we may be stuck paying for a drinks that we barely took sips from. We stopped in to watch the World Cup, get a few drinks during the game, and enjoy some tacos. Instead, the arrogance of the bartenders made us walk out the door, disappointed, and with our money remaining in our pockets.Hopefully Casa Reyna tightens up the bar service, but I don't see us checking back in to see if it's improved.
2	Ok nice inside but the Food way too expensive, I could have  had steak and lobster somewhere and a better Margarita.  Mexican food is mexican food in different forms but it is all somekind of chopped up meat in some sort of a tortialla with lettuce, rice ect ect.  I ordered a dish that had 6 shrimp and a tiny dish of black beans with no Tortillas  it was 18$  it was ok but come one....I laughed at the white guy who served me who spoke no Spanish....I  can get cheap Mexican food served by hillbillies at Taco Belll.  Not sure what the deal is with Mexican food in Pittsburgh but to pay 50, 60,70$ for Tacos...come on.  Dont do it....go somewhere else....and you have to pay to park somewhere...no Gracias Senor!
2	Way overpriced for the quality of the meals.  Paid $180 for 6 people.  Our party of 6 was one of two tables, the rest of the place was empty and the service was sloooowwww.  Mango salsa with the chips was very good.  Only good thing we ate.  Cuatro mole was probably the worst mole I've ever had.  Chicken and beef was way over cooked.  I went here because of the good reviews but don't waste your time or your money.  There are better Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Definitely wasn't what I expected for the Strip District.  I would have spent the same amount in Lidia's Italian restaurant down the street and had a much better meal.  Live and learn.
4	Just had my birthday dinner, with my daughter and husband, at Casa Reyna.  The food was definitely authentic Mexican.  The salsas were fresh and the lunch portions huge.  We will go back as often as possible.
4	Down-to-earth authentic Mexican food - reasonably priced and simply prepared.  Excellent chips and salsa with a variety of options. Beware their measures of spiciness may be different than yours - moderate per their description is not so moderate to me. But, they are nonetheless delicious and offer a whole spectrum of salsas. Tacos were likewise fantastic - the chorizo were the star of the meal. This place also has excellent margaritas - not the cheap frozen style mind you. Ambience is great once you make the trek through the mildly scary staircase... Clean with excellent service.
4	Super-sized margaritas, at a fabulous price!  We ordered two salsas, the tomatillo and chipotle--both were good but neither were very spicy as they were described (although my hubby and I indulge in spicy food all the time and our taste buds may be dead). We also ordered the elote dip which was refreshing! Hubby ordered the enchilada and steak dish (can't remember name), loved it!  I ordered the enchilada verde.  Dish was yummy but so huge I was only able to eat about a half of one!  We will definitely go back!  The comments I read abt the waitstaff had us worried, but our waitress (blonde) was very attentive. I did see the other waitress checking her cell phone often :(
3	Mixed feelings on this one....4 salsas and they were all a little bland and off.  Guacamole was also bland. Chips and tortillas were great however.We had three orders of barbacoa at the table, one was good two were bad and even the good one was not as good as Chopotles.... Stringy dry chewy bland lamb... The cactus salad and beans were very good. The homerun here was the beef tounge, outstanding fork tender with a flavorful salsa verde. I would return and order this with beans and cactus salad.Dessert....good not great...flan was actually too thick and rich... The tres whatever cake was a little cream cheesy... Some tweaks here and these desserts could be come back kids.Out wait staff was very pleasant and good.
5	This is by far the most delicious, authentic spot in the city! My friends and family all love going here. Incredible tacos, very tender meat and fabulous sauces. I'd eat here daily if I could!
3	Went with a friend. I had a margarita, queso dip, shrimp and barbacoa tacos. Full serving size. I would say both were good but nothing amazing for the price. The queso dip was great and the margarita was just the way I like it STRONG! I would go back but to try something else on the menu. I see a lot of complaints about the service. I will say out waitress was fine. Checked on us and refilled are water when needed. I'm only giving this a 3 out of 5 for the tacos. I will go back and try something and then I hope to add another star.
1	They're going to have to try harder. Very bland, the salsa sampler we had tasted watered down, the meat in my barbacoa tacos was very tough and my husband's chili relleno didn't have any filling in it. Really disappointed, there were a lot of other places we could've chosen on the strip.... Most disappointing Mexican food I've ever had.
4	So they apparently just opened a restaurant and are usually a Mexican grocery store. First of all, LOVED the set-up of the restaurant. Long, family style beautifully crafted tables. Nice ambiance, spacious and yet still cozy. Secondly, huge margaritas for very reasonable prices. And last, but not least, the food is bomb. Super authentic. Price range is pretty size-able, so there is something for most peoples budget's. I do wish that they didn't make you pay for chips and salsa (I feel like those should come free with purchase of meal(s)!!) and the service could have been a little faster, but those are my only minor complaints.  It was nice to have a relaxing dinner out with friends while on vacation - and it was awesome to see the (normally picky) kids eating foods they might not usually try!
3	A nice afternoon break sitting outside on a busy Saturday.   Wait staff was very good.  Enjoyed a refreshing bloody mary and my companion had sangria.  Good taste and value.   Had the soft tacos.  Carnitas were very tender.   Lamb was good, not great.   Salsas sampler and chips were good.  Not too heavy.   Enjoyable time.  Will definitely be back.
2	Wow, their catering service is TERRIBLE. I truly have no idea what the food is like as I've never tried it, but I won't be after the experience I had with their catering. They kept waffling back and forth, trying to get me to order more salsa's than what I asked for (three, just with chips) and then didn't give us a price quote. Well, later I found out why, because they wanted to upcharge it. I get it, I order catering for a big name institution in this city, they want to try to get as much money out of us as they think they can, but if I'd known we were going to be spending $2000 on chips and salsa (yes, really) I'd have told my boss we should get big tubs of salsa from costco.Then they were late with the delivery and got lost. I understand Pittsburgh can be a tough city to navigate, especially if you're new (as their coordinator kept telling me) but the whole thing was just so frustrating. I've heard great things about their food, but at least for catering, it's just not worth the trouble of trying to get them.
3	I was visiting a friend in Pittsburgh and she suggested we check out Casa Reyna while exploring the Strip District. I was kind of bummed this place was in a basement, as it was a gorgeous day and I wanted to drink my margs in the sun! We were there right as Happy Hour was starting and I thought prices seemed a little high ($12 Margaritas // $10 on Happy Hour). What joy I felt when they came out in a large cocktail shaker. Really it's like getting 3 drinks! The girls and I had lots of fun sippin' and talkin'. The bartender was really great and made a mean margarita. He even made my friend a spicy jalapeno margarita by request. The ambiance is a bit lacking, as it is really just one big themed/decorated room with tables, chairs and no windows. We didn't eat while we were here, but I sure enjoyed those drinks!
4	This has always been on my "must try" list. I can't even imagine how many times I've walked by here and thought, oh yeah, I want to go there sometime! But alas, there are SO many great places to grab a late lunch (hello Kaya, Thin man, Little Bangkok, etc!) in the strip that I just never made it. Well, we finally did. Had a craving for some tacos and, voila, here we go! Let me first of all say, I like tacos. I've had some amazing ones over the years and the things that makes them amazing are the freshness of the ingredients, the quality/tenderness of the meat, the imaginative combos, and the double wrap homemade tortillas. And yes, Casa Reyna has all of those!  And they were cheap! Got my belly full with 4 "mini" tacos,for $9. Two carnitas (very good) and two tinga (excellent chicken option). I also sampled my wife's el pastor and that will be my next choice for sure. That one was fabulous. Lots of salsa choices makes for great chip dipping. I am such a fan of that! Didn't try the margaritas since I was driving but at $12 each I assumed they would be huge. At least I hope so. Now when I'm thinking I need tacos, I know,where I'm going.
4	TACOS 4 LIFEI start thinking about tacos about half an hour after I wake up, and I dont stop until tacos happen.  I'm sure you are the exact same way.These tacos are GOOD.  Particularly the carnitas tacos, I think those are my favorite.  They're around $10, and one of my favorite lunch options in the strip district.
3	Finally! I've found a good Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh! I'm from Southern California, so I was raised on amazing Mexican food - and this is really good. I started out with a margarita - which came in an awesome shaker. It was pretty good, but I've noticed that margaritas out east are A LOT sweeter than margaritas in SoCal. If I want a perfect margarita ... I'm going to have to make it myself - at home. Instead of getting entrees, my mom and I ordered multiple appetizers. We got the mini taco plate with fish and shrimp, sweet corn tamales, the sope with vegetarian toppings, and rice/beans. The tacos were amazing - especially the fish. The sweet corn tamales cakes were just okay, not bad - but definitely not good. I've had tamales before and sweet corn tamale cakes - and they have never had cinnamon like these did. Just not good ... If you want really good sweet corn tamale cakes, go to Cheesecake Factory (do they have those out here?). The sope was good, but a little crunchy on the bottom - not sure if that's how they are supposed to be, but I've never had them like that before. The rice and black beans were good also. All and all, I will definitely go back - and I will have the fish tacos again! I will try their enchiladas one of these days.
2	I never write reviews for restaurants based on the service, because I figure it varies a lot depending on the server/day/etc, and doesn't really impact the quality of food, or, usually, the experience. The service here was so bad, though.It took awhile for our drinks and guacamole to come (made table side... By a child who can't be over 10-11), but not too horribly long. The guac (mediocre) didn't arrive with chips, which was weird, and we had to flag the server down and ask for them, at which point she asked us to "give her a minute," and came back about five min later with chips. She did seem really busy, so this, too, was fine. And then... We didn't see her again for about half an hour. From the time that we got our drinks, it took a full hour to get entrees - tacos and enchiladas shouldn't take anywhere near that long. During this hour, we also noticed a filthy rag that had apparently been left on our table before we sat down. Fun times. The tacos were actually pretty good, which is why I give two stars - but there is absolutely no excuse for having customers sit at a table for an hour and a half after ordering before their food comes, with no apology. Won't be back.
3	Visited Casa Reyna on a Friday night and sat at an outside table, which seemed clearly preferable to one of the dungy basement tables. My margarita was quite good, but not sure worth $12 given the setting. Salsa sampler was decent. My main issue was with the tacos. I was really looking forward to their tacos after reading existing yelp reviews.... and let's just say I was pretty disappointed. They were just ok, not bad but not great. Lacking in flavor and tortillas were dry. And for the price (2 tacos plus a tiny side for $12) I will not be getting the tacos here if I ever return. Make no mistake, Pittsburgh, about where who has the best tacos in town - Edgar's in the Strip and Las Palmas in Oakland/Brookline!
4	Was it the portraits of Cantinflas on the wall or the food that impressed me the most?Not sure but I was very happy with this place. The portion sizes were "abuelita" style...my term for portions that are almost too much to handle but delicious. We had the Tamales Oaxaqueno and the Four Traditional Moles. Both were beyond great. Plus Horchata and pineapple soda. I would say the only downside was the service seemed a bit erratic. We had a second waitress try to take our orders before we pointed out we were being served already. There was also a woman going around soliciting for change. It took a while before she was shooed off. Overall though I would definitely come back and recommend Casa Reyna.
4	Good and authentic Mexican food, which is a rare and majestic thing in Pittsburgh!   I've found that, in general, some food is excellent, while others dishes are a bit underwhelming.  The tacos are in the "great" category, as are the more traditional and less Tex-mex-y dishes, such as the Carne en Chile Verde (braised pork), whereas the enchiladas are fine but nothing to freak out about.   I highly recommend all the salsas and house-made chips.  I also like that the margaritas come in a pitcher, which ends up being 2-3 glasses, so that's a good value. Next time I go I am trying the "Four Taditional Moles"Last time I went we sat at the bar and the bartender was pretty knowledgeable about different tequilas, and extremely professional and friendly.  Kudos to him!
4	Good authentic Mexican food with real tortillas! And I love that they serve their tacos Mexican style.Looking forward to going back. I had the guisado chicken and my husband had the tinga chicken. Both were very tasty. Casa Reyna had a long list of meats for their tacos, so everyone can find something they like.
5	The caldo de res was to die for.  Maybe it's just the morning sickness, and this actually was appealing and stayed down, woohoo!  But it just hit the spot.We were in the strip and getting hungry.  Fortunately I needed to make pozole so we found ourselves at the meximart at lunchtime.  It was too cold to sit outside and eat tacos so we headed downstairs for Casa Reyna.  It was a little funny, with the typical Mexican decor (wanted posters, corrugated metal "roof" over the bar, etc), but real napkins, etc.  We got the typical quesadillas for the kids and I got soup, my honey got tacos.  No free chips and salsa, but we ordered some and the chips were thick and crunchy and the salsa was small but good.  Then the soup arrived.Oh.my.god.So it's now my new favorite.  Honey's tacos were good, the quesadilla was "meh" so we'll order something different when we come back because I loved the soup and we're going back.  I'm sure I might eventually order something else, and I'll report what everyone else gets, but for now (and for probably the next six months until this baby stops making me throw up) it's soup for me.(Ok, so the menu had a lot of your authentic options like four different types of mole, chilaquiles, regional dishes, etc - highly recommend if you want a better taste of Mexican cuisine.  They even had an elote dish as an appetizer, which I might get....with soup ;)
5	The absolute best fish tacos ever with a great atmosphere and wonderful service. YUM!!!!
5	Casa Reyna is the best Mexican food ever...ever!!  Home made tortillas, guacamole freshly prepared at tableside by server, scallop tacos and shrimp tacos the absolute best, freshly squeezed juices for the margaritas, homemade ice cream.  I can't say enough about the food in this restaurant.  Don't pass it up; you'll miss a true Strip District gem.
2	Only Mexican restaurant without complimentary chips and salsa.  Ask for diet coke or pepsi.  We got the can and a straw. No glass.  Obviously no refil.  $3.00 per can.  Are you kidding me?  I ordered enchilada Reyna.  Dinner menu states it is served with rice or beans and 2 sides.  However, when I ordered 2 sides I was told the rice or beans that came with it WAS a side.  Rice came in tiny cup.  It was cold.  Retried beans also in tiny cup so runny I  had to eat with spoon.  The rest no better or worse than typical Mexican restaurant. I can see why basically empty on Friday night.
5	Recently visited Casa Reyna's for the first time and had a pretty incredible lunch. Generous portions and a very creative selection of dishes and salsas. This is was easily our best Mexican restaurant experience in Pittsburgh by far.
5	Perfection.
