3	Entrance is only  a $1. We had time to kill while waiting for our Neon Boneyard Tour. The name intrigued my hubby so off we went. This place is alright, very tiny, nothing much to see, some old wreckage, an old mormon base or house with what's left of some of their furnitures. The attendant inside was very accommodating and helpful.
4	We had an hour of time to kill, so I brought my parents here (who were visiting from out-of-town). The entrance fee was only $1, so why not?I really wish I had visited this little place sooner. To be honest, it had been on my list of to-dos for years, but never intriguing enough for us to prioritize it over other activities. And boy was I wrong.This place is basically a small indoor museum and then an outdoor area with the actual remains and recreations of the fort. This inside was incredibly interesting! It's very nice, has lots of the little displays, a 10-minute movie, and even a couple of reading rooms. I actually learned quite a few new things about the history of Las Vegas.After a fairly quick run-through of everything, my parents wanted to go back so we could spend more time there. I will definitely be coming back and will be sure to add this to my running list of places to take out-of-town visitors.
4	I had some business at the Grant Govt. Building and I had to wander across the street to visit one of my favorite Fallout New Vegas locations.  It was then I realized that it was actually right where it should be, even with the Freeside strip gate right down the road a little way!  The fort itself is attached to a museum and it was neat in itself.  Next to Cashman Center, if you can picture it now.  Julie was not available to cure my rad sickness.
4	I've been to the Old Mormon Fort before but I went back today to see the Helen Stewart statue that was dedicated last December--a dedication I couldn't make because of a conflict.If you are interested in Las Vegas history, this is a must visit sometime as this is where the town started along the Las Vegas Creek.  After the Mormons abandoned the camp, it was first the home of O. D. Gass and then Archibald and Helen Stewart.  I have always admired Helen Stewart--she's called the First Lady of Las Vegas--so taking the time to see her statue was a must do.There are some things to see in the small museum and you can walk around the grounds and in one of the buildings see the only piece of the original fort that survived.  A little under whelming but it's there nonetheless.Admission is only $1 so it won't break the bank.  Go and enjoy!
4	Admittedly, there isn't much to see.  And that's an understatement.  However, admission is $1 with young kids free.  Nice little indoor exhibit, a 15-minute film available, and then you walk outside to see a replica of the fort.  It's basically one wall.  And then there is the old adobe house, which is the oldest building in Las Vegas.  I recommend combining this with the Las Vegas Natural History Museum, as it is located just a short walk through a park.  You can learn everything you want here in an hour, and while certainly not a must do, it's worth a visit if you're into history or Mormons or just want to kill some time.  Full disclosure - I've been to Vegas about twenty times in the past twenty years, and this was my first visit (that's how far down it was on my things to do in Vegas list).
