5	This La Quinta location is awesome, not only are the rooms beautiful but insanely quiet.  Hubby and I had a fantastic stay & slept well each night. Also the staff called later in the evening to see if everything was okay. (WOW)
5	Awesome hotel. Free wi-fi, good breakfast, clean rooms and great rates. What more can you ask for?
5	Super clean rooms, nice housekeeping staff (one left a note on my bed for me!), free WiFi, the continental breakfast had a waffle making station, a pool and hot tub, and super affordable! If you are going to Spring Training and have a car at the ready, I'd definitely recommend staying here. I don't know the last time I stayed at a hotel that had free WiFi, I want to give them six stars because of this.
2	Dont be fooled by the good reviews. This hotel needs a lot of work. Elevator feels like its going to detach and drop. Carpets are old and green and ripping apart. Window screens are full of holes.  Walls and Doors are dirty. The good thing? It comes with free breakfast. Allows pets at no cost. (which is probably the reason why theres old discolored carpet) and cheaper than the nice Hilton across the way that was $40 more a night.  Dont try to sleep in either because the walls thin. I could hear my neighbors above me and next to me use the bathroom and walk around. Cheaper for a reason.I would give 1 star, but gave the additional star due to the staff. The DayShift! NOT the night shift. The day staff was very friendly and accomodated us. Breakfast consists of: Waffles, bagels, Canned Fruit Cocktail, Cereal, Yogurt, and Hard Boiled Eggs.  That's it!Only come here if u dont care where u sleep.
2	I was checked into a room that had not been checked out of..... that seems to be to be not only unprofessional but dangerous. And when I alerted the woman that works at the front desk she seemed to careless. I could understand if I had checked in early in the morning, but I checked in 4. plenty of time to clean the room or check to see if someone was still staying here.as for the 5 star reviews they all sound fake to me, and sound like a advertisements. who cares about continental breakfast. I also took my shoes off in my "new room" and it is pretty clean that the floors have not been vacuumed in awhile. It seems to me that there should be a round of firings. maybe some fresh blood will shake things up.
4	We came to Arizona for our nephews graduation from Mesa High, I knew nothing about the area and neither did our nephew, so I kinda just went off yelp reviews and hotels.com reviews. I was a little worried after reading a lot of the reviews, but I knew things, it wasn't in the "bad part of Mesa" and it was a good decent price. We drove from Sacramento, Ca to Arizona in one day and upon arrival the front desk was very friendly and helpful to get us comfortable after the 12 hour drive. We booked the 2 queen bed room because it was cheaper than the single king bed and you know what? It was very spacious! The room had a closet, which you almost never find in a hotel, large bathroom, desk, flat screen TV, I mean really there wasn't much to complain about. I guess our only complaint was that the walls are very thin, our neighbors were there for some kind of celebration and you could hear them running around all day, but other than that the room was great and had comfy beds. Lastly, the continental breakfast was amazing! Had everything a usual continental breakfast would have, cereal, coffee, juice, pastries, and then it also had waffles, bagels, toast, boiled eggs, and fruit. They had a nice outdoor patio area where I would go and enjoy the cooler Arizona mornings with my coffee. If we ever had to come back we would definitely stay here again.
4	What a very nice place. All the staff we dealt with were so very friendly. The hotel and room were nice and clean. I would defiantly stay here again
4	Last time I was in Mesa I stayed at a Best Western and didn't have the best experience. I figured I'd try a new hotel based upon reviews. So I booked this hotel thru Verizon using my Verizon Reward points. I stayed 3 nights and it was very quiet and peaceful. There's no loud air conditioner to have to deal with. There's 7 room levels and I was on an upper one with such a beautiful view of the mountains and scenery! The rooms are very clean and well kept by the staff. The front desk is very knowledgeable of the surrounding area and pleasent to deal with. There's restaurants and other hotels in the vicinity within walking distance. It's located across the street from the Mesa police department fiesta district so there's a peace of mind regarding safety. It is near Superstition FWY 60. It appears that the majority of the rooms are non smoking and they do allow small pets. while speaking with front desk I found I was eligible for La Quinta Returns program regardless that I booked thru a 3rd party (Verizon uses priceline). But La Quinta will discontinue doing this after 2014 is over. So I'm glad I can earn reward points on this stay and be a member (free program, no fee). I was also informed that DDR rooms have refrigerators at an additional expense. When you walk in the room there are 3 other doors in a row, do not let this confuse you. This is something I was not aware of as well and that's why I'm giving a 4/5 star rating.Oh and the free continental breakfest it's basic eggs, coffee, juice, water, muffins, fresh fruit, bread, waffles, cereal. Nothing too fancy.
3	There wasn't anything clean in this hotel. The front lobby is as good as it gets. The elevator was the first indication of it being untaken care of. It only got worse from there. I was very disappointed in the cleanliness of the room. I usually love La Quinta but this one seeds some serious TLC.
3	For a La Quinta it's really not all that bad. You get what you pay for right? Though I did book the room through priceline so I'm not sure how much standard price is. They got pretty good amenities like a heated pool and jacuzzi we used on Christmas and a gym so it was what I needed. I was also able to bring my two fur babies without having to put down a deposit fee and such and they seem really lenient with animals. The only reason why I am giving this place a 3 instead of 4 is due to the lack of urgency. We called for some towels to be brought up to our room and it took well over 30 minutes and we end up having to call front desk to check on the status of the towels and the gentleman told us he had no clue where everyone is and for us to pick it up downstairs. I felt like that was a bit unprofessional, but really, I can't expect to get service as if I was staying in a Westin. So, I do recommend people to stay here. I'd stay here again if I get the same deals, but probably wouldn't if I have to pay for standard rates if I have other better options for about the same price.
