5	I have taken my clothes (both dry clean & wash-and-fold) here since 2008. Never an issue. Great quality and the absolute best customer service in town. They make you feel welcome and appreciated, which as we all know, is rare in Vegas.  Thanks a million Heather and James!
5	XCLLNT service!  FABulous alteration/repair!
5	I love my little organic cleaners, tucked away in a indistinct shopping center at the corner of Rampart and Lake Meade. The family who owns the place are the rare type of people who are just so genuinely nice that I can't help but smile every time I walk in.  And they have this tiny dog (I think a pomeranian?) who doesn't like me but is really cute.More importantly, they do a great job with the clothes (I guess this is more important, but I have to admit that I kind of like just going there for the nice people and the cute dog!). Everything comes back clean and crisp. They do a great job pressing the clothes, which is one of my pet peeves after living in New York where you can get your shirts pressed by hand. And Best One Cleaners has these little extras, like they put stays in my shirt collars. I've NEVER had a dry cleaner do that and it saves me a the time and frustration of rummaging through a bunch of old stays trying to figure out which will fit which shirt.  See why I love this place?Finally, I love that they use a safe, environmentally cleaning system. Did you know that the solvent (perc) used in normal dry cleaning is toxic? It's bad for the environment, bad for people who work at dry cleaners and potentially causes respiratory problems for people who wear dry cleaned clothes. So I'm glad I've found this little outpost of environmental as well as personally friendly cleaning for my clothes!
5	This cleaners is the best - best one!!  My husband does not like starch in his shirts and they always remember.  The family is always so nice when I come in, and there's a man that carries heavy loads out to my car.  The service is awesome, the people are great, alterations are done to perfection.  What more could you ask for?  Oh, yes, they do not use harmful chemicals.....that's a big plus for me.Thank you, Best One!   Sivad-Charlton
5	I'm new to the area ...so was SO VERY HAPPY to find this jewel !! Extra Friendly and Helpful !! Prices Very reasonable .... Happy Happy and would recommend  their services ;-)
5	This review is long overdue! But I guess that means I have a whole year of repeat wonderful experiences to share about this dry cleaner! First of all, I do not know the owners... I can't stand yelp reviews that are all friends or family. That said, I moved to LV a year ago and had to find new everything. Finding a dry cleaner for my boyfriends endless amount of suits and dress shirts is complicated. One because he hates shopping and he's particular so he wants the things he picks out to last. He spends good money on his clothing and finding a reliable and honest dry cleaner can be really tough. I read review after review of every dry cleaner in my area and after a lot of negative feedback On almost every business's page, I finally found Best One! And they really are THE BEST! They see my car pull up and get my stuff ready! They know me by name! They walk all of my heavy dry cleaning to my car! They have given me envelopes of cash that was left in pockets! And just recently I got my duvet washed and WOW, I'm convinced they bought me a new one. Not only is it totally spotless it is ironed so nicely that it looks like creamy silk! I am also pretty sure they re-sewed a missing button on it because I told them it was missing one and when I put it on this evening all the buttons were there. Magic! Anyways, they deserve a novel like the one I'm writing because they just go above and beyond like maybe the Nordstrom of dry cleaners. Don't waste your time anywhere else. These people know what they are doing, how to treat customers and how to run an honest business. Only thing is it is a bit more than other cleaners I scoped out before landing here but I will say, it's worth EVERY penny for the quality and peace of mind!
1	Called about getting my shirts pressed only, the girl on the phone was not helpful and hung up on me before I was finished. $3.95-$4.50 to just press my shirts? That's insane!! I'll def keep calling around.
5	I am so happy to have found this place! Super friendly staff, very reasonable prices, and a tailor that takes pride in their work and doesn't cut corners. All items I have brought in for hemming have been perfect. My dry cleaning is always ready on time. Every time I have walked it, the employees are having pleasant conversations with customers, asking about their kids, etc... But I am never left waiting! After years of dealing with a mediocre cleaner, I can't say how pleased I am with Best One Cleaners.
