3	This is a decent hotel.  I'm not sure what the real rate is but its definitely a good deal at the corporate rate I got.  It reminds of me a courtyard in many ways.  Its clean and has a standard hotel feel.The staff was really friendly.  AND I really liked how they automatically enrolled me in their hotel points program.   Not sure I'm staying here again as I'm already a member of another program....but it never hurts to pick up more points.Free Wifi and HBO in the rooms is a plus as well.  It located near some restaurants in walking distance and its off the main road which helps with the noise.
3	This hotel was fine. I was a bit worried because I had never stayed at a Country Inn before. However, it was clean and relatively new. There is the typical free, carbohydrate-filled breakfast buffet but they did have some little sausage biscuits you could warm up in the microwave. The front desk personnel were friendly and so were the people who supplied the breakfast. The wifi was kind of weak and I had trouble using it. However, my computer is not the best, so it might have just been me. Fortunately, I had a hotspot I could use instead.I had a reasonable corporate rate. I would stay here again at that rate.
3	Good loaction with nearby gyms and shopping (including IKEA). Free gym admission with hotel key. FItness center at hotel is a few treadmills. Whirlpool was warm (not hot), indoor/outdoor pool was cool, small and cloudy. Breakfast was well stocked and room was comfortable. Room was comfortable, soft pillows. I could hear entire conversation of person talking on her phone in the room next to us. Walls must be paper thin. Otherwise, a comfortable stay. No noisy guests late at night.
5	This was a good one night stay. Clean, comfy fluffy bed. Microwave/fridge in room. Had a small issue at check in (booked online) but they fixed it and no real hassle. The fifth star was one employees doing. Joanna saw I had my infant in my arms and offered to make a waffle for me at the breakfast station. Then I noticed she wasnt working but on break eating herself. Above and beyond.
1	What a joke of a hotel! Least professional staff I have ever seen. Front desk constantly on their phones...housekeeper called me "baby"... And while eating breakfast the entire housekeeping staff came down and took the food that should have been for guests and made their own meals. On morning one of my visit I accidentally broke the waffle batter machine. It took almost 5 minutes for someone from the hotel staff to show up to make sure everything was ok and to clean up. I had batter ALL over me after fixing the machine myself so that others could still enjoy waffles and wasn't even offered so much as a towel to wipe myself off with.The first night we arrived the staff seemed to be friendly, however there was a homeless looking woman taking refuge in their lobby. The next night i overheard one of their staff members making comments about how he had no clue they did late night airport runs and didnt want to do it to pickup and airline crew that his hotel has a contract with!Joke of a hotel. In my room there is a light switch socket completely taken apart and tools left in the room... Apparently maintenance took lunch and never came back.Too add to the joke of this place, on our first morning as we left for the day the fire alarms were set off and the fire department came in full force. Calling the hotel that afternoon to make sure everything was ok and we had a place to return to the current staff had NO IDEA 911 had responded to an emergency there.Dont believe their pictures either... Their so called fitness room is now filled with construction equipment instead of fitness equipment.Rant over. Calling corporate offices to complain about this place... Its beyond unacceptable.
1	To update my first review...The second morning here I woke up with ants in my bed, all over the floor, and in my suitcase all over my clothes. I was bitten by one of the ants which led to an allergic reaction and infection that sent me to the Emergency Room. Stay here at your own risk.
