4	* Note: The Scotsman Hotel has the same review as I was unaware that North Bridge Brasserie is part of the hotel.*This is a great venue for many occasions, this occasion was an afternoon tea with some Yelpers in one of the function rooms. It was a nice big banquet table set up and we were brought to the room by one of the bartenders. We were then handed to the very capable hands of a function manager - she took our coats and  sat us down.  we were sat on a table with full linen and (porcelain?) crockery. Our water glasses were promptly filled. Once we all sat down she placed the napkin and took our tea orders. They had a full complement of loose teas.I went for the famous Scotsman breakfast and an additional Jasmine green tea. These are served in full sized classic teapots and strainers.She also fully explained the delight that were served to us - after ensuring that there were any dietary requirements.Scones, clotted cream, sliders, bon bons, profiteroles, soldier cut crust-less sandwiches with salmon cucumber, egg, ham, cheese and also some flap jacks and carrot cakes.The acoustics of the room allowed for a conversation to be followed from all over the table without getting too loud., although the level of conversation topics was at times a bit questionable, but that cannot be attributed to the Scotsman :o)I had a wonderful time and relay enjoyed the visit. This is something i would be proud to take my mum to when she visits Edinburgh!
5	The North Bridge Brasserie is the restaurant within the Scotsman hotel, so if you are thinking of tea at the Scotsman, this is where you'll end up. It's a bit confusing, but none-the-less delicious, regardless of what you call it!We had afternoon tea here, and it was all delicious and well-served. The sandwiches are what you would usually expect - egg salad, chives and sour cream and cucumber, ham with mustard, and something else that I can't remember but was definitely Scottish. The scones were delicious, and made even better so with jam and clotted cream. But honestly, what isn't better with jam and clotted cream? (I can hear my doctor wince as I write that sentence, but hey, it's a holiday, right?). We made a reservation in advance, but on the day we were there at 16:00 it wasn't particularly busy. The teas were excellent and the service was great. They indulged us with group photos, were accomodating to our particular requests, and overall made for a delightful afternoon tea experience.
3	The reviews here are confusing, so to be clear: we went for dinner after 9 pm. No afternoon tea for us!This is a classy looking joint, with prices to match. We were lured in by the decor and a safe gastro-pub menu, and had pretty high expectations.It began a bit oddly, as I went to place the napkin on my lap the hostess grabbed it from me quickly, exclaiming that was her job. Yes ma'am, I replied. The rest of the servers were equally attentive, especially a very knowledgeable and friendly bartender who was giving another patron a whiskey lesson.Our dinner was a classic fish and chips (a bit wet and overly salty, but not bad) and an interesting sea trout with smoked eel (also a tad on the salty side). Along with a pint of porter and a cocktail, we paid a pretty penny for dinner, but the fun and romantic setting made up for it.Don't expect too much, and be ready to pay, and the North Bridge Brasserie could be a fun part of your evening out.
