3	I consider this Albertsons among the top-third of all grocery stores in Las Vegas that I have frequented. That isn't saying much, but here's why this store is better than two-thirds of all others:Clean. Yup. Sparkling clean.Friendly people. I actually held an intelligent conversation with the cashier who was genuinely friendly with me.Upscale atmosphere. Gotta Starbucks in the deli department.The occasional good bargain (1.75L Triple-Distilled Smirnoff $20 )Here's the reason why this particular store should be considered a bad store (Bad store! BAD BAD! Store. No tracking cookie for YOU, bad store!)Empty shelves. HELLO?! This is a GROCERY store. Where you sell...um...GROCERIES?  Where are the frakking GROCERIES???High prices ( please read my reviews regarding prices: broccoli crowns at this store today $1.99 limp as dead trout. oranges 2 pounds for 3 dollars is 1 dollar too much per pound, your basic 1950's style toothbrush ON SALE for $2.50 (WTF?!) Cheapest bread I could find was 6 bagels for two bucks (WTF?!) WONDER BREAD ON SALE for $2.50 each [ what the FRACK are they making this bread out of, KOBE WHEAT?!] beer way, way overpriced even on sale)And, yeah, so there's a pharmacy in the store. Whoopdeedoo. Like there aren't enough pharmacies in Las Vegas, okay, whatever.
1	can it be any slower at any check out? NOPE not when you are there!Take at least additional 30 minutes to stand in lines, since during rush hour they have like 2 lines open... You will feel like you have overdosed on Trazadone because you could fall asleep standing up and drooling by just watching them. Stupid.
3	I'm not a huge fan, Albertsons has always seemed a little pricey to me but the products are always good. This location is not the cleanest and the staff seem to be a little irritated by a customers presence. They are not very observant of the overwhelming amount of customers in their lines but I doenjoy the Starbucks.
3	I only come to this Albertson's when I'm at the Home Depot nearby and realize I need foodstuffs. It is not my grocery store of choice, but they do have more fruits and veggies than the Fresh and Easy I usually go to. Still, I don't know about this place. The parking is always a mess for whatever reason. The meat counter is good, and the staff is pretty helpful. Prices seem kinda high, but also I'm cheap. The layout of this place seems off, but I can't figure it out.Ultimately this place leaves me unimpressed, and if I return it's more of a convenience thing than anything.
2	This location is poorly set up, from the parking lot to the entrances to the layout itself:angles of parking spaces often have people driving the wrong way down the row, and the exterior does not say which entrance closes at night so you may go in and park directly in front of one only to have to maneuver your cart over speed bumps and across the entire lot when you leave after the doors are locked--- at an absurdly early 8PM.The right-hand entrance goes straight to the deli section, but that's also where they store the shopping carts, so you may be blocked from actually entering the store. If it's not carts, the absurdly long line to the tax/banking business will block you, too.And prices are hella high here, unless you're deliberately going in for featured items in their circular- how on earth they're charging $12 for a bottle of McCormick's ground cloves, I have no idea. I went in to get it for a recipe and left without it, those are highway robbery prices. Up to twice the price for produce, too.But sometimes you'll luck out and find $3 off stickers on their butcher packages of chicken thighs, bringing them down to sane pricing. Their boneless skinless chicken breasts regularly get put down to $1.49/pound, too, which is good to look out for.On the bright side, staff tends to be on the friendly side and the self-checkout is nearly always open.Ultimately I'll still shop here, since it's on my route to/from work and they tend to have good specials- but I exercise caution when picking up items that aren't on sale.
2	Fought with the DMV kiosk for 15 minutes, trying to renew my registration. I finally gave up in disgust and on my way out, advised the Albertsons clerk it wasn't working, only to be told it automatically goes down for updates at around 9pm, and would be back up at 7am or so. Now, I understand the DMV kiosk is independent,  and is not owned/operated by Albertsons, but since it's inside the store, do you think somebody could put a dang sign on the thing?FAIL.
3	I walked in, looking for a good, inexpensive dinner, maybe a frozen dinner or even a good priced steak, for a change. After looking in the frozen food section, filled or jammed with HIGH PRICED dinners sold for dollars less at Smith's, WinCo, and WalMart, I then fled to the meat department, where, to my non surprise, the meat was also over priced and looking poorly. The ground beef had a 'bloom' indicating it was not fresh, either, or kept poorly. The help is okay in this store, friedly, helpful, seem eager. I would choose Smith's any day over Albertson's.
3	I come here much more than I'd like to - more so out of convenience than anything else.  There's nothing that really makes this store, or even the chain, stand out from the rest.  However, this location does have a friendly staff, especially the swing and night.  The store is always clean, well-lit, and have open registers when it gets too crowded.
2	What happen with the self check out?   If I am only buying a couple of items its makes it  so much easier not to stand in line.  The store set up is weird, and everything is over priced.   The cashiers either seem really nosey or miserable.   I realized when I went in today, I bought bacon a few days ago it was buy one get one free but the sign wasn't up yet till today so I didn't know and the cashier failed to tell me that.   I have nothing against Albertsons as I love the store in Centennial Hills.
