2	Breakfast for lunch at the Wild Horse Pass casino diner sounded good, but ended up being a mix of good and bad.  The diner itself can be a little hard to find, being situated adjacent to the gaming next to the poker room.  The atmosphere is pretty cheery, with a huge pastry case greeting you as you walk in with nummy looking contents.  Our waitress was great - fast, solicitous and accurate.  It's the food that will keep me from coming back, though.  I opted for the breakfast skillet that ended up being some undercooked, greasy potatoes and veggies placed into a skillet-shaped pyrex dish.  Chef - where's the caramelization?!  Not to mention, where's the skillet?  My lunch partner got the monte cristo sandwich that turned out to be some lunchmeat between two pieces of french toast - literally.  I held back laughing at his sandwich since he did have to eat it and all, but it was pretty pitiful looking.  Those two items and one soda (one water) added up to $22.  Seemed expensive for what we got.  Can't recommend the place, but also haven't found a good alternative at that casino either.
1	No windows, so it's kind of dreary inside. Fancy lighting on the walls that changes color. I had a breakfast skillet that was mostly potatoes, the sausage was cheap skinny link sausage that had been sliced into discs, and flavor was lacking somewhere. I needed to add salt and ketchup, and I don't even like ketchup on my breakfast foods. Too many potatoes. And the price for a dish was about a dollar or two more than it should be.
1	Ordered, never got our pepsis after 20 minutes until another server took pity on us.  In the end, our waiter never came back after taking our order. We walked out after wasting 45 minutes.
1	When my friends said do we really want to eat here we should have left.  There is nothing else close to the casino during the day so you are kind of trapped.  The smell of cigarettes is very strong in the restaurant.Just walking into the restaurant the staff are very unfriendly and make no effort to greet, they just don't care, that permeates every member of staff in the restaurant.We sat and waited and after about 10 minutes the surliest of waitressed came to take our order.  Her attitude may have actually got worse with time.And by the way - how hard is it to bring ice-tea, with a straw and lemon?  Who knew they would have to personalize the experience for each of us at the table times three (once for the drink, again for a straw and then again for lemon) FOR THREE OF US, that's nine visits.I had a salad that was instantly forgettable, the other dishes were equally bad.I'd starve before eating here again
3	Came here the last night and the morning before we left back to cali. the ngiht before i ordered the Ceasar salad with shrimp and hot tea.DINNER TIMESALAD with SHRIMP: they use the jumbo tiger shrimp for their salads and food. the salad wasa  bit bland cz they barely threw in any of the dressing. i had to ask for extra cheese on the side :..[ i love cheese!!!The tea: the tea was pretty good. they brought out honey for me ^_^ cz they love me lolMORNING TIMESTEAK and EGGS with FRUIT: the steak was about 6oz. it was kinda dry at medium rare. wasnt seasoned. i ordered egg whites and they really packed it on my plate LOL no complaints on that LOL. Seasonal fruit woudl be melon, canteloupe, pineapple and grapesCoffee: it gave me a head ache. it was too bitter no matter how much creamer/half n half and sugar i put inOrange juice: tasted like Minute maid orange juice =/ i can tell between fresh, minute maid or simply orange -_- im a big orange juice fan
4	how can you beat $6.99 steak & eggs? the husband loved them so much he had them two days in a row!! they were cooked perfectly! i had the chicken strips the first day which were okay. the baked mac and cheese the second day. they were alright, typical diner food. i liked that the service was quick and that the staff was friendly. also, the fact that they completely separate the casino from the restaurant is great. no smoke or ding-ding-dings from the machines!
2	Food was ok.  Went with a group of people and each meal ordered was considered "ok".  One complaint I will share is that we asked to replace fries with onion rings on one of the burger plates.  We were told that it would cost .99 cents extra, which was fine (usually there is a cost to "upgrade" to onion rings).  So was very surprised with the burger came with four (4)...yes, four small onion rings.  Stick with fries next time!  The huge eclair caught our eye when we went by the bakery case and we were excited to splurge with one.  Skip it, folks.  It was very dry and the filling was skimpy (actually it was thicker in the dead center of this huge eclair but overall, the experience was not worth the cost.  Most likely won't be back to this cafe.  We actually chose to eat here because we attended a concert at the casino.
4	It's all about expectations. I don't understand people that give this place 2 stars because "it's just like Denny's."  Well yes it is, I wasn't expecting French Gourmet.  I like the cosy atmosphere inside a loud and noisy casino. The servers are friendly, but most of the times they are busy. The food is diner standard, and not bad at all. I've tried the Mac & Cheese which is delicious, I like the crusty oven baked tops. I've had the open face roast beef which was good, and so are the burgers and fries. The average price of a meal is between 10 to 15 bucks. I think it's a good value for what you get.
1	This place is truly terrible, spent an hour waiting for my food, saw my server once. Food was brought to the wrong tables twice, baked potato tasted terrible. I would have paid to not eat there. Ruined my overall mood for the night, prime rib almost made me hurl.  Avoid this place, I would give anywhere else in the casino a try, it couldn't possibly be worse.
1	The absolute worst dining experience food wise. However gave it one start for the gut renching laughter we experienced, the server we had, and the manager for comping the bill. We had the French dip, the meat looked like leather. There was a twist tie in our burger, my chicken was grey, and the ribs looked fake. Everything at the table was returned and even the chef agreed that he should have never served it to us. I feel bad for the staff, because again they were very friendly and super nice- but in wouldn't consume anything from that kitchen if it were my last meal on earth.
1	The food here is disgusting. I ordered the French dip sandwich and received what may have been boiled pork on a bun. I couldn't tell what the meat was, by taste, to be honest. And it didn't smell appetizing either. I took one bite and spit it out.My waiter offered to get me something else. I ordered a cheeseburger because I figured "you can't mess those up!" Wrong. I have no idea what that meat was, either. Whatever it was, it wasn't cooked properly.I ordered cheese fries as the side to my dish, and the cheese atop the fries was burnt to a crisp. Yuck.The most appetizing thing that my husband and I ordered was the spinach and artichoke dip. It was actually pretty good! But my suggestion would be to slice up those artichoke hearts into more user friendly, bite-size pieces.
4	It's not all about gambling for me but when I get out for a bit and want some good wings this is the place I go . Combined with free play and the food voucher that I get its a great place to get out. The food is good the service can be iffy at times but I'm never in a hurry
