5	Crystals opened its doors to the public on December 3, 2009.From an architectural standpoint the interior of this brand new high end retail and entertainment district designed by architects Studio Daniel Libeskind and David Rockwell located at the new CityCenter complex along the Las Vegas "Strip" is simply magnificent.Like the rest of the buildings that will make up CityCenter Crystals is a prime example of the new wave of sustainable architecture that is gaining in popularity throughout the world, and while the specific technical aspect of green buildings probably bores some readers the visual aspect of this project is very pleasing to the eye.  In many ways the features of this building are magnificent works of art.There are live flower gardens, an interactive water sculpture and a "living" ice sculpture inside.Over 20 high end retailers already exist inside with another dozen or so to be opened in 2010.  Leave your cash at home because plastic will probably be the name of the game at Crystals.  Some of the businesses already open for business include Bally, Bulgari, Cartier, Ermenegildo Zegna, H. Stern, Louis Vitton, Mikimoto, Porsche Design, Roberto Cavalli and Tiffany & Co.  Crystals will eventually house a collection of fine restaurants leading off with a pair from Wolfgang Puck with Brasserie Puck and The Pods.  Desperate Housewives' Eva Longoria Parker is slated to open her first Las Vegas restaurant, Beso, as well as a lounge simply titled Eve.Crystals is located between New York, New York and the Bellagio on the "Strip"although its properties overlap the Monte Carlo.  The free tram that runs between the Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino and the Bellagio now has a stop at Crystals also.
3	I don't know if the mall is finished or not, but it just seems too white to me. They need to like... paint the ceilings or something.The stores are too high end for the average consumer. Not everyone can afford to shop in Paul Smith, Gucci, Prada, Mikimoto, Tom Ford, you name it. There might be a lot of foot traffic in the mall, but I feel like it's going to be hard for these stores to survive. Yes, Aria will have a casino in it so people can make impulse buys, but that requires leaving the casino to go to the other building since Aria is across the valet / check-in entrance.A bunch of the stores and restaurants haven't opened yet, but places like Social House, Ocean Club, Todd English and Beso will make Crystals an interesting place to hang out.I'm looking forward to going back, but for now, the place is painfully "meh" for me, beyond the gorgeous architecture.
5	Well, after our taxi got lost trying to get us to Crystals, we managed to find someone who pointed us to the Bellagio Tram that took us to the shopping mall.  The place is not quite finished yet - only a handful of stores are open.  The building is amazing.  Gorgeous.  I can only describe it as an open space art gallery - and the stores are the displays.  My favorite is the grand staircase - make sure you look back after you've descended to see the millions of pink geodes they used to decorate the steps.  Pink is my favorite color, so I have an extra fondness for this staircase.There's a very cool water "tornado" display.  Tubes and tubes of water at different levels with "tornadoes" swirling around inside - lit by different color lights.Another display that is very impressive are the ice crystal sculptures.  They're tall columns of ice.  You can't miss them.Of course, there are the stars of the mall itself... the stores.  Louis Vuitton, Cartier, Dior, Tiffany & Co, Mikimoto... High end.  Very few stores are open right now - so don't really expect to do all day shopping here, yet.
4	Crystals is clean-cut, gorgeous mall..but beware that all the shops are couture or high-end. I really enjoyed this mall and would come here if I knew in mind what I would want or need (a purse from Louis? an outfit from Nanette?) but other than that, this is not one of those "coming to browse around" type malls.... They have a bunch of high end stores though...and a couple of them are opening up the first week of January 2010. If you're looking for Gucci, Louis V, Hermes, or Tiffany's..this is the place to go to.
5	Crystals is the most amazing mall in all of Las Vegas! It is not fully occupied yet, but once it is this place will be completely packed. It has the best stores, amazing architecture, and my fav restaurant, Beso. If you haven't seen this place yet, you have to! Glad to see City Center is living up to all the hype.
1	A swanky mall with high end stores.  So far there are not many open yet and all big money.  The Louis Vuitton is two stories and beautiful.  I obstained like a good girl!  The only plus was viewing famous folks over at the new Besos restaurant, Eva Longoria and Mario Lopez were in the house for some photo shoot.  Maybe when I win millions I'll be back to buy all the pretty stuff to be found here!  The only plus was the free valet service.
5	This place seems more like a work of art than a shopping center, but with  its store selection, I don't see why shoppers wouldn't like this place, it's perfect for the high-rollers in Las Vegas. There is no other shopping center in this country that can say it has a Tom Ford or Paul Smith store, and only one other with Lanvin, and with Balenciaga, Prada, and YSL coming soon, this shopping center basically one-upped all the other ones in the city. Sure, the place may be a bit excessive and feel a bit barren because of all the white, but it will definitely generate foot traffic, and people who actually appreciate the architecture will probably enjoy it. And I didn't even come across and pushy or snobby sales associates, an amazing feat for Las Vegas.
3	Crystals is a nice place and all, but as with the rest of citycenter did not come anywhere close to matching the hype. Positives:3 story tall Louis Vuitton storeTouch screen directories: Not very user friendly or any more useful than a regular directory, but nonetheless extremely coolSeveral cool artistic piecesTram straight from the bellagio, where I stayedNegatives: Confusing setup, difficult to get aroundbland white walls, does not fit well with the artsy stuffnot even complete yet, several stores have yet to move inlots of empty spaceWhy did crystals need to exist in the first place? Many of these fancy designer brands had stores somewhere else on the strip. For example does there really need to be 3 bottega veneta stores within a few blocks of each other?Overall crystals is a nice place, but unless you're actually buying stuff here there's no need to check it out more than once. It's worth seeing since it's new and all but I wonder what will happen in a few years once the novelty has worn off.
4	Some yelpers have bitched about the fact that this mall only has super lux shops. And yeah that is absolutely true. But why bitch about that?  The design is very attractive. I found the stores and merchandise really interesting. It was very cool to see all of these high marque items I have only seen in magazines. In particular the Van Cleef & Arpel jewelry. The sales people were all very cool and super attentive.  I didn't feel judged or out of place there. You just have to remember that the sales people there while they look fancy really only make around $50k a year    (maybe more if they sell a lot).I had one of the best cups if coffee ever at the coffee shop there. Also they have free valet service at Crystals now, which will make you feel pampered.  Saturday night all the shops were open till midnight.
3	So I finally got around to checking out Crystals and I left feeling like I had just bought a luxury car only to discover a scratch on the way home.  That's not to say I could actually afford to buy anything at Crystals beyond a chai latte.  But that's for another review.Crystals is the marquee shopping "experience" at CityCenter.  You can spot the spiky architecture from a mile away.  Inside is just as weird.  Lots of abstract art.  Even the stairs ooze expensive, probably built from the rarest trees this side of the Amazon.  But do you think anyone who would shop here actually cares about the consequence of gratuitous excess?  That's the whole point of Crystals!What struck me the most is how empty the place feels.  This is probably what the Fashion Show mall should have been before it was packed to the gills with Hot Topic, The Gap and Cinnabon.  Crystals is the opposite of that, and any other mall in Las Vegas.  There are maybe 25 stores.  If you even want to classify this as a mall.  It's essentially the same ultra-high end retailers you'd find at other casino mini-malls selling everything from couture to diamonds to watches.  Some places I've heard of like Tom Ford and Louis Vuitton, but there are quite a few I had never heard of before.  I guess they just want to remind the middle class tourists that they can look but can't touch.  At this point, nearly half of the stores aren't even open yet.From what I could gather, there are three levels at Crystals.  But level three seems to be just a way to get to the tram.  What earns this place three stars instead of two is the at-times stunning design and visuals.  Some of the sight-lines are downright fun.Ultimately, I don't know who actually shops here.  Maybe the celebs who roll into town and want to be seen.  It's almost as though this is the retail equivalent of plastic surgery addiction.  Sooner or later you hit the point of diminishing returns and what was once beautiful becomes sad and depressing.
3	I am so completely out of the target audience for this absurdly upscale shopping mall in the spanking new City Center that I'm surprised I wasn't prevented from entering the place. Perhaps the owners of the high-end boutiques and restaurants here get a hearty guffaw from seeing the likes of me in my Banana Republic jacket and Old Navy sweatshirt. "Obviously a low-life from the Excalibur" is what I imagine they must whisper about me. Gee, am I being self-absorbed? Does it always have to be about me? Why yes, it's a Yelp review, you hypocrite.Well, if I am, so are they...and twice on Sundays. It's all about attitude here and the right anorexic body in designer clothing. Granted it's a pretty place in a Town & Country kind of way, but can anyone seriously shop at a mall where you have to consider taking out a second? Stores like Bottega Veneta, Ermenegildo Zegna, Kiki de Montparnasse, and other unpronounceable names offer merchandise for the high-roller, the bejeweled matron, the society dandy. I guess I need to put my Costco card away. And does it show off my low-class status when I titter at an exclusive bookstore called Assouline?I guess that's a better name than Assouwipe. But hey, at least you can take the tram to the Aria or the Bellagio from here. Or stare at the weird latticed pod restaurant in the middle (see photo). I'd high-tail it to the Bellagio since it has dancing fountains and a lot more character than the City Center. Excuse me for belching, but I expect a little more tackiness in my Vegas experience, a little stretch polyester...a little gold lame. But not at Crystals. No, your pinkie better be up when you go into Assouline. Assouline? Tee-hee...
3	Think indoor Rodeo Drive.  The only mall I've been to where noone walks around with shoppings bags, lol.  See sure to visit the galleries in Crystals Place. See my related review http://www.yelp.com/biz/crystals-place-las-vegas
3	Beautifully designed building with high end shops!  Unless you have a lot of money you will be doing the "tourist walk through" like everyone else.  I hope that they will have enough customers to stay in business.  I personally did not see ONE person with a shopping bag...and that's not a good sign.
3	I had a chance to visit the Crystals shopping district located inside the fabulous City Center yesterday evening.  Upon my entrance The actual shopping center felt open and slightly desolate.  Don't get me wrong, there did happen to be people walking around, however, the shops/restaurant are spaced so wide.This isn't your typical shopping mall.  Three story Louie V and a slue of other ultra-premium shops that can only be matched by Palazzo, Encore, or the Forums.  They have a slick looking coffee shop on the bottom level by the name of "The Cup".  A couple of restaurants upstairs from "Puck" to "Pods", and the flavor of the month "Beso".  Beso also happens to share their building with Eve lounge.I came to Crystals with a goal in mind of visiting Todd English's "The Pub", which I have also written a review for.  Overall, I look forward to future visits, and I'm eager to try a "cup" in the lavish shopping district of Crystals.
3	I liked Crystals because of its impressive architectural designs and it's absolutely amazing to walk through. However, there weren't a whole lot of stores here yet or many were not open. Even if they were, everything seems too spread apart. This was my original complaint about the Palazzo shopping area when it first opened because the stores were so large and far apart that it seemed ghostly and empty ...But the Crystals are definitely more well lit than the Palazzo so good points there. Mastro's in there looks incredible with that suspended dining area and you can really tell they spent the big bucks on this place.However, its just such an empty shopping experience, it's very dull and not full of life and very vibrant since everything is a modern cool type look and not a warm inviting type look. Oh and it also helps that all the stores here are mostly so high end that not a ton of shoppers would come actually do any shopping here.I think its nice to look at but functionality wise it could learn from the Fashion Show Mall down the street where cheaper stores bring bigger and more friendly crowds.
4	What can I say?  Yes, all the shops are high end, and although I didn't buy anything (and I made it obvious that I wouldn't), the customer service was very, very good.  The shopgirl at Kiki de Montparnasse generously poured me and my friends a round of champagne and the shopgirl at Hermes was happy to talk to me about the white crocodile Birkin with the diamond clasp ($191,500!!!).  The architecture is stunning - open, airy and modern - a far cry from the Forum, which I find baroque, claustrophobic and overcrowded.  No, most people can't afford to actually buy anything here, but part of visiting Vegas, after all, is indulging in fantasy - with exclusive stores like Balenciaga, Lanvin and Tom Ford, Crystals is a fashionista's fantasy.
3	Crystals is  a mall packed  with stores that I will probably never shop at.  I passed through about 4 or 5 times on trips back from the Aria.  The tram stops right at Crystals so it made getting here from Monte Carlo a breeze. It is cool, funky, and wide open inside.  Sort of futuristic.  There were a few restaurants here but we did not try anything because well fell in love with Julian Serrano over at the Aria.
5	The BOMB baby! Awesome!!
2	The only complete dud at CityCenter. Confusing layout with people wandering around lost, still lots of big areas of emptiness. There weren't many people looking in the stores, and NO ONE was buying. Give it two years and it'll have a GAP and a Barnes & Noble.
3	Spacious shopping mall enveloped with environment inspired art pieces, Crystals is the kind of place to walk around, but the stores are not places I would generally walk into.  However, the restaurants look trendy to try and this place is great for taking pictures.  Check out the lit up whirlpools and ice columns, definitely a photo stop.  I like to put my finger on top of the whirlpool tube as if I started the whirling water.  I also like standing on the staircase which has illuminated steps with floral designs.  Try your camera without flash to get that distinct color to come out in your pictures.  Crystals is a great place to walk around when the weather outside is unbearable or if your stomach becomes unbearable from all the buffets!
4	I stayed Aria, so it's really close to walk there. There are some of my favorite stores, but it's kinda small, which I think is perfect cause I don't like to shop in a crowded place and It's mostly designer stores. Their Fendi store is the 2nd largest in the country other than the biggest one in New York, and their Louis Vuitton have 3 levels. men, women clothing, watch, sunglasses, bags, luggage.. you name it, & they have it.. if they don't of course you know the drill, they'll order for you either pick up or sent home w/extra $100 shipping. Its one of the biggest LV store I've seen other than the one in union square SF. Overall if you want a quiet place to shop, this is the place to go. Great location very convenient walking from Miracle fashion shopping center (in PH) and Aria hotel. Also there are Tram to Bellagio & Montecarlos connected to more shops.
2	Boring, poorly laid out mall with shops that almost no one can afford. Didn't see anyone buying when I was there. I'll avoid this place in the future.
5	High end Brand's like Louis Vuitton Hermes and etc ,nothing cheap bring your life savings if your an average America. Other than that excellent building great architecture.
3	The fountain with the pillars of lit up ice and the area with the water tornadoes are worth seeing. The architecture's nice to glance at. But the rest is whatever. I probably sound jaded, but I can go to South Coast and see all the same crap that I can't afford.
5	i am giving this place the full star, Jedi Master Class rating based solely on the beautiful architecture. I can't afford shiznit at the uber high end stores here, but i can appreciate it's beauty. It's like saying I can ogle over all hot mommas here in Vegas even though I know i gotta be Flava Flav to even holla at them. This place only has a few stores really, but the high walls, cool water displays, and that wooden centerpiece is worth the trip over to City Center to take a few pictures.
3	Looking for that ultra ultra ultra high end gift? This is the place to get it at. Every store has a designer name like Mikimoto, Louis Vutton, and some I never even heard of. Very chic. The mall maps are presented by large computer touchscreens that make iPhones and Android devices look pathetic. The architecture is interesting although the mall doesn't flow on the second level due to the way the architecture crosses the walkway. Essentially, making you go all the way around to get to the other side.One of many cool things is the whirlpool columns. They twist and turn, rise and fall to different colors and heights. It's pretty mesmerizing. Less, interactive is the ice column reflecting pool. They also had a Tesla exhibit. Being able to get right up close to one of these roadsters was very cool.The tram station is located at the top, so keep taking those escalators until you can't take any more. You can take it to the Bellagio/Vdara and back to the Aria.Currently, the mall is slightly empty. Not much of a surprise in a down economy for a mall with super high end retailers. Since the majority of it's visitors may not be able to actually purchase anything from here, it comes off as just an interesting place to visit.
3	This is in the category "So pretty to look at but what am I doing here because I cannot afford these uber-designer labels?" Only two kinds of people can shop here: (1) If your salary is among the top 2% of the country's population and (2) You charge your credit cards to the maximum spending limit, only to worry about it later.  Bottega Veneta, Bulgari, Carolina Herrera, Cartier, Christian Dior, Fendi, Hermes, Lanvin, Louis Vuitton, Mikimoto, Porsche, Roberto Cavalli, Tiffany, Tom Ford, Van Cleef & Arpels, Versace. See what I mean? Yes, it's unique- never done before and beautiful, I get it. Basically, it's a place for you to "ooh" and "ah" over on your 1st visit and maybe take out-of-town visitors here on your 2nd visit; probably even take pictures. I just don't think that I'll visit a place of designer excess when I am so utterly middle class (I am totally ok with this).    In other words, I won't be shopping here. But yes, it's pretty.
3	I first came to this mall last Dec back when City Center was barely open (Mandarin Oriental were Aria was half operational and Vdara wasn't complete yet) and the outer walkways were still closed to the public.  Crystals mall will wow you with its crazy architecture that makes for a photographer's playground and dazzle the eye with many of its high end boutique store (like Tom Ford, LV, Prada, Bottega Veneta, Versace, Paul Smith, and others).  Yup not a single clunker (read: affordable clothing) store to be seen.  As it was barely open and most shoppes were clearly out of the price range of the casual onlookers, the stores and mall was eeriely empty at that time.  The whole place had the feel of a 'look but don't touch!' museum about it.Well fast forward to my return trip almost 9 months later and ....  it kind of looks the same.There are still several boarded off storefronts with huge colorful signs saying OPENING SOON, and i'm sure some of the boutiques avail at launch have long since collapsed and failed due to be replaced with other hopefuls.  The mall was just as spacious and empty, but also equally pretty and fun to look at.  Having a fully operational City Center resort connected has definitely breathed a little more life, but perhaps it has aimed too high and drove away what it really needs:paying customers.This mall is still nowhere near as packed as the Forum Shoppes, or even the Wynn, or Bellagio stores.  Part of the reason is being standalone, I dont think it invites as much casual foot traffic and the foot traffic that does come thru, take one look at the prices, choke down their guitar shaped margarita dispensers and just walk on.So; 2 stars for actually being a place to shop and 4 stars for being a architectural marvel and visual treat that would give even Frank Gehry pause to stop and look.  Average = 3
4	So after my second visit to Crystals, this is what I have to think about it.If you're not a fashion whore, then of course you're not going to like this place because it probably wasn't meant for you. There's nothing wrong with that though, there's a reason why there are other shopping centers in the city. The Fashion Show Mall, the Forum Shops and the Miracle Mile shops already take care of the majority of the population's needs, but that doesn't include everyone. There is a small portion of people in Las Vegas who need their Lanvin or Tom Ford, and that's who Crystals is here to serve.So if you don't like Crystals, then there's nothing wrong with that, but before you bash it, just realize that there are people out there who do buy this stuff and let's all hope they wouldn't judge you for how you shop.Personally, though, I had nothing but good service here at Crystals. The sales associates at Tom Ford were a little busy so I kind of just left before they had a chance to get to me, but the people at Lanvin, Louis Vuitton, Miu Miu, and Paul Smith were nice enough to show me different items that might have interested me and my family, and were not pushy at all. Even if I left without buying anything, they were nice anyway and seemed to genuinely enjoy talking to me about stuff other than fashion. This place may seem cold from the outside but even though I was just in jeans and a tee shirt, I'm pretty sure I received the same type of service I would have recieved had I worn Dior.Oh, okay, well, I guess the sales associates at Dior Homme kind of just LEFT so I was in the store ALONE with just the security guard, so service there was kind of bad, but other than that, I would return to Crystals any day. I would have made a purchase but the Prada store wasn't open yet, so I just went to the Bellagio store and did my shopping there instead.
4	Ok, I have to admit that I didn't do -any- shopping here, so this review is strictly based on the artwork/decore/architecture throughout the mall. It's freakin awesome.My brother and I were walking through and he pointed to these colored columns standing in a pool of water and said he thought they were ice. I told him no way, how the heck would that work? Well, sure enough, we walked up to them and there was a metal pole running up through them keeping them frozen. Futher in, we walked by about 20 or so clear columns that had whirpools bobbing up and down, also very cool.Even the information center/guest services desk is very artistic, with a restaurant above that looks like a bird built it (sort of like a woven basket)...honestly, this review doesn't do it justice at all. Even if you don't plan on shopping, this place is worth stopping by just to walk through :)
4	This is one of the emptiest shopping centers I have been to.  With the creepy elevator music playing in the background, I expect zombies to come out from nowhere and eat my brain.Despite the emptiness (maybe everyone is gambling?), it does have some amazing architectural pieces that are worth seeing.  Mastro's Ocean Restaurant sits in this bizarre wooden, Nemoesque, bird nest type structure. The 2 story Louis Vuitton store doesn't hurt either.  I still don't understand the appeal of some of their stuff. It just has LV all over it.  On your purse, not so bad, but all over your luggage? Come on, now.
4	Immaculate!This is the brand new mall inside the newest buildings in Vegas, the City Center.  The City Center has five individual buildings, there's only actual one hotel among them which is Aria and the others are condos.  The place boosts all the high end brands like Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Carolina Herrera, and many more to name.This mall is situated between Monte Carlo and Bellagio and across from them is Planet Hollywood and its Miracle Mile Mall.Decor         =    A+Location    =   A (sandwiched between Bellagio and Monte Carlo)
3	When you see this building from the outside, you can already see that this is not an ordinary building. There are tons of different architectural designs and concepts. It is also a very spacious mall. It is a high end mall with expensive stores and restaurants. You won't find a food court here. But you will find indoor trees and and interesting water light tornado display downstairs. I don't know quite what you would call the display but it is mesmerizing. The shopping center is 2 floors and connects to the city center tram and is a short walk away from Aria. Very pretty place to walk around and shop if you have the cash or plastic... It doesn't have a lot of stores, really it's more space than anything else...  ^_^*~
3	Beautiful shopping center!!! Clean, wide open mall with high-end stores, several art displays and modern structures. My only gripe was trying to enter from off the main strip and searching for ANY available parking. We ended up circling in and around the entire place (lost & determined)...but accidentally entered into valet only areas and the shipping/delivery docks. It was sadly empty of shoppers and I saw probably only a hand full of tourists.TIP: Use the complimentary Valet parking at Crystals and walk right in and enjoy!!!
5	Amazing!! Better than anything on Rodeo Dr. The stores are beautiful and my word, what a selection.
3	The first time I walked around Crystals, I was really blown away by the architecture.  I loved the complexity of it and getting lost in there just to get to Aria was an adventure in itself.Coming back 4 months later, the awesomeness wore off quickly.  For a middle class person like me, there's not much really inside there I can care about except for a few restaurants, but the stores are well out of my range to do any shopping.  I understand that there are other high end malls like Wynn Esplanade and Via Bellagio, but at least when I walk though them they have a warm, welcoming feeling to them that's lacking at Crystals.  Walking through to get to Aria, it feels very cold and makes me want to fly through it.3 Stars.  Doesn't necessarily work for me.
4	Swankiest mall in Las Vegas, but also one of the eeriest I've ever experienced.    Is this some kind of a 'front' or something on a larger scale?  I went on a Friday night and the mall was pretty much empty.  I walked into several stores (Gucci, Dior, LV, etc) to check out how ridiculous the prices were,  and astonishingly there were none to be found.  How is anybody supposed to shop here?    I guess you have to be "so baller" that you don't care what the price is.  You just bring your item up to the counter, and then "surprise!"     You just bought yourself (or somebody) a $1,000 article of clothing.    Actually, the whole time I was there I did not witness a single person buying Anything!Otherwise, very cool structure and immaculate decor.
4	I like Crystals a lot as a place to go to see high end stores with few shoppers.  I like the layout and the attention to design that was put into building this place.It is, however, not a place I would go to shop.  I like it for the exhibits they periodically have and for just looking at the few people one generally sees there.Perhaps when the economy comes back, the place will have more zing.  Still, I like the space and I hope it does well!
4	It's a nifty shopping center to walk around.  The touch screen directory is pretty cool.  And I like the new Christmas lights hanging from the ivy plants around the mall... they are mesmerizing.I'm afraid to walk into any of the stores because I know I can't afford any of it.  But it's fun to window shop and it's home to one of my new favorite restaurants, Social House!  Review forthcoming.
3	I long for the day when I can actually afford something here. It really is beautiful but I question the decision to open a mall that has stores that already exist in other locations. (although this point may be moot in Las Vegas where you are generally trapped in whatever hotel complex you are in) It is a very beautiful space and the Christmas decorations were cool. Not a ton of people here at the different times of day I passed through.
4	An architectural feat; however, the recession has kept leasing challenge.  Vegas has become a huge shopping destination.  Everything is high-end here.  Don't expect to find Banana Republic.
3	Just briefly:I wanted to visit this mall since crystals and city center complex wereunder construction during my last trip to Vegas 2 years ago.  I was excited to venture into the mall since the exterior (as seen from Las Vegas blvd) looked so fancy!!  This mall is definitely a spectacle to behold as it's spacious, airy, new, clean, and has a lot of indoor attractions/displays that will keep you curiously intrigued, such as the cylindrical display of the various heights with water feature.  However, unless you either have a great-paying job OR have won the megabucks, you may find yourself window shopping versus doing some actual shopping.  There are only high-end boutiques or retailers in this mall, so if you're looking for the latest in fashion from Tom Ford, or the newest bag from Louis Vuitton, you've come to the right place.  Bottom Line:  A nice place to visit and explore if you're never been here before, but not a mall for the average American consumer.
2	Hey there goes Louis Vuitton! Ooooh, Prada! Hello there, Gucci! Wait a minute, aren't there like several other locations of these stores within a 3 mile radius of this place? There's not really a single accessible store or restaurant in here, and to make it worse, many of the stores in this "new" mall have already existed on The Strip for more than 10 years. With how hard they were trying to make this place "different" you would think they would have brought in something new to the table. For what it's worth, there are some very interesting architectural details and public artwork within this mall worth seeing at least once (I really liked the glowing trees, okay they weren't exactly glowing but I'm not sure how else to describe them), but that doesn't make me any more interested in browsing at a Gucci store when I can just browse at one down the street. Excuse me while I go down to the Fashion Show or the Forum Shops, browse in the super upscale stores I can't afford but can still manage to buy something at a more reasonable store anyway. At least those two malls don't completely reek of pretension and feel closer to the real world if you know what I mean.
4	I would never buy anything here.I shouldn't say that, rather I wish I could buy everything here. Once again, another high-end retail space with sleekness going on all over the place. I did eat at Wolfgang Puck's pizza place here, which was good. And Eve (Eva Longoria's) lounge/club/whatever is pretty talked about as well. There's definitely a lot of stuff to check out, but could be too pretentious for most.
5	I love this shopping center! Usually in other places such as the forum shops and bellagio shops,the stores are very small with limited products. Not any more now Las Vegas has their own Rodeo Drive. Three stories!!! Yes its expensive and there are no cheap stores but if you wanted to buy cheap you would be smart and have chosen a different place to shop. It's a pretty place to grab a coffee and look at gorgeous clothes.
4	Crystals is an absolutely beautiful shopping area located within CityCenter.  Crystals is very accessable from outside and from the other casinos.All (yes ALL!) of the stores are VERY high-end (can you say two-level Louis Vuitton heaven?!) and are worth just walking around and looking at all of the goregous stores! The one weird thing about  the shopping area- there are a few places that it dead-ends.  I'm sure its because of the awesome architecture design but you will be walking and then you are in a dead-end and have to turn around and go back.There are a handful of restaurants within the 3 floors and all sounded delicious!Very cool place and definitely worth just checking out even if you don't have the cashflow to make any purchases.
2	Can you say boring? I have been to Crystals at City Center quite a few times now and I still feel very blase about it. This place just doesn't have anything to offer me. The stores are WAY out of my price range and I can't even muster up the enthusiasm to window shop, which I love to do typically. The shopping area is bland and sparse. There isn't a lot to draw your attention to. The stores are large, but spaced oddly, so you spend a lot of time walking and looking at nothingness between shops.There are some interesting artistic features around to view, but not much else that kept my interest. I don't know if I've just lost my passion for shopping as I've gotten older or if this place is just that blah, but I really just don't enjoy myself when I'm wandering around Crystals. The only thing I am enthusiastic about here is finding the exit.
3	In the interest of being a thorough Yelper, I'll throw my brief Crystals review into the mix.I'm going to go with A-OK. This is not a place I would ever shop, but I'm sure there are plenty of people who would enjoy the window shopping experience here. Sure I often shop without buying anything, but the end goal is always to buy something. I'm not the type who browses just for fun. I browse in case there is something that will end up on my overused credit card. Maybe I'm letting appearances get in the way. Perhaps someone could educate me on a store that might actually fit my price range.On the other hand, as nice and as "wow factor" as Crystals is supposed to be, it just seems so sterile. There are patches of cool looking design elements and then a ton of negative space. I'm not against minimalism and modern design. For some reason, Crystals just doesn't work for me.Oops. I said I was going to be brief.
3	It was a nice little walk thru of all the stores I can only dream about spending my hard earned salary.The only store that really interested me was Tiffany's. Sure there's Gucci, Prada, LV, etc... But just wasn't in the mood to look. Small shopping area and went thru it in less than an hour. Love how you're about to take the tram to this shopping center from Aria and Vdara.
3	I have now visited 3 times in the last year.  The place is stunningly beautiful.  The attention to detail in every respect is obvious.  I have over 100 photos of the mall.  What it lacks is warmth.   I tend to be more of a window shopper than a hands on wanderer in stores I could not afford to buy stuff in.  The windows are beautiful, you can tell that if you could afford to shop at those price points you would be happy with your purchases.  Just isn't for me.  A couple of the places to eat are not that expensive and I will at some point try one or two out out.Each time I have been there there have been more spaces filled out.  As the mall fills up I am guessing the dead ends on the upper levels will go away.
3	High high end shopping.  The only Hermes in Vegas (I think), so definitely worth a look-see.  Great place to just stroll through and window shop after a large meal.  Usually pretty empty (the several times I've been), so good opportunity for a breather from the hustle and bustle of the strip.Oh yeah, my husband wants me to make sure I point out there is Mastro's there, for you steak lovers.
3	It's beautiful, it's clean and it's new. Full of high-end store -Louis Vuitton, Gucci...all the stores you would expect in a place like this. Lot's of foot traffic in the mall, but no one was shopping. The stores were empty. And no one was carrying bags (except for a few plastic bags from cheaper shops across the street like ABC. Perhaps pretzels and beer for their rooms?)All of the stores are on one level. We went up to the next level and looked down. It was kinda of spooky up there - just a few other people. I believe this floor was going to be populated, but stores pulled back because of the economy. I know some of the restaurants/clubs here are already struggling.  I couldn't help but wonder what this place will look like in a few years...and how many of those high end stores would still be there. I'd rather go to the Forum Shops where there's a better mix of stores.
4	I wrote a review last summer about how alienating this experience was.  Turns out Crystals wasn't completed yet, and so all icy cold white space has been filled in with warm colorful touches everywhere.So what once felt like an airport now only feels like a BIG clean new mall.  Nice and airy, which is important, when you consider the tightmalls in the Venetian, Caesar's, etcetera.  I checked out the piano bar in that centerpiece Maestros.  When inside that restaurant, it's kind of shocking to realize it's open air inside Crystals... and yet... the experience is pleasant.I wouldn't send anybody to see Crystals.  But if you were passing through, sure, walk in.(TRAVEL ADVISORY:  Whatever you do -- WHATEVER YOU DO -- do NOT use the tram between Bellagio and CityCenter!!!!  It's free in the money sense, EXTREMELY PRICEY in the walking sense.Just take a cab.  You'll thank me for it later.)
5	I love this place......beautiful new trendy hotels like the Arias and Cosmopolitian.The largest high-end retail stores such as Prada, Louis Vuitton, Zegna, Gucci, Versace, Bally's, Hermes, Cartier, Tiffany's,Tom Ford, etc.Wonderful restaurants such as Mastro's, Jean George's Steakhouse and American Fish.BEAUTIFUL WOMEN EVERYWHERE!
2	Yes, its beautiful but do I really need to walk over here when almost every hotel has their own high end mall?
2	The architecture and design is one of a kind, but what else would you settle for here in Vegas?Although it's nice to take stroll while making my way back to my Aria Hotel room, I find this "mall" to be too open and hollow.  Also, Crystals is filled with so many redundant jewelry shops and high end shopping boutiques that a usual vacationer wouldn't really shop at.  I think i would change my mind if I hit a huge jackpot and wanted to splurge on a men's diamond crusted pinky ring at Harry Winston.  But for now, I'll just window shop.  Honestly, I'd rather go to Caesar's Forum shops or the Fashion Show Mall, where there are more shops, including the high-end ones.  Personally, I don't like to go into shop that's so quiet and empty that I can feel the sales people eyeing my every move.  There's barely anyone shopping in the shops at Crystals and the sales people look quite intimidating.
4	Crystals is a high-end shopping mall with brands like Louis Vuitton, Tom Ford, Hermes, Prada, Cartier, and the usual list of Fashion giants. The mall is extremely quiet and pleasant. The interior is more luxurious than any other shopping mall I have seen in the States and it's probably due to the fact that it was most recently built. If you are intending to go luxury shopping, there is no better place than the Crystals because they have the most prestigious shops than anywhere else. I stayed at the Aria hotel for a few days and Crystals is directly connected to the hotel. They also have monorails that run from the CityCenter to Bellagio, so you can hop on the monorail to get to places and it makes it convenient. One thing I found strange was that I found this mall to be quite hollow and empty. I am assuming that they have such a high concentration of luxury brands and that only attracts a smaller percentage of high-end shoppers. And in this kind of economy? Hmm.. Some people might find this uncomfortable, but I find this more pleasant. They have many restaurants like Mastro's, Social House, Jean George's Steakhouse, etc. They are all decent restaurants and you'll hardly have to wait to be seated. If you hit a jackpot, you should stop by Crystals.
4	Crystals is basically a really high end mall connecting the most of the hotels of citycenter to the rest of the strip. It also has a crap load of jewelry shops and boutiques of high couture that sell items that are worth more than everything I have.  Like I have never personally seen a Harry Winston store, and I cringed at how much anything in their windows could possibly be.This place is essentially the place to go if you won a progressive jackpot, or you're with some sugar daddy, or you just have money to burn.  The same can be said with the rest of Vegas, but in shopping terms, this is the place.Other than that, it's nice to walk through with the a/c blowing during the summer.
3	Honestly, this was a bit of a disappointment to me...PROS - wow, a fantastic set-up architecturally, especially from the outside.  This place has very dramatic and stunning walls and it really is impressive from the outside.CONS - It would be one thing if there were unique, upscale stores inside, but these are all stores you can find everywhere in Vegas: Cartier, Louis Vuitton, Bottega Veneta, Gucci...it's not that impressive.  It's also, not that impressive from the interior view...pretty plain.  Also, no one is really inside...I guess if there are 7 Louis Vuittons in Las Vegas, why come to this one?Overall, though, I still really do like the dramatic exterior of the building.
3	Fancy mall w/ fancy stores that odds are I will never shop at. If I'm going to shop @ the strip it probably wont be here. Just felt cold and empty the few times I've been here which is usually on my way to another store or area on the strip. Oftne times I wonder how places and businesses like this stay in business b/c it seems like theres a lot of people here but not a lot of shopping being done. Maybe there is and I just miss it during my passing. All I can say is best of luck and I hope they make the most of the tourists that see something they think they just cant go home without!!
3	While it is awesome to window shop all the designer boutiques, I can't afford to buy anything here.  It's a fun place to look and the staff seemed relatively friendly despite knowing most people are probably browsers and not buyers.  One bad thing about this mall is that despite much-hyped architecture, the layout was awkward and there were some escalators that bascially led to nowhere.  Often I had to go down one set of stairs and up another to get where I wanted to go.The ice fountain outside the Prada boutique is very interesting!
4	This isn't an eyesore as much as Caesar's Palace is, but if you came here for just shopping then this place is it! It honestly looks like a wider south coast plaza mall or any big mall, but with random art pieces like trees hung with lights or that huge restaurant made of wood.They have all the big names here- prada, miu miu, lv, chanel, balenciaga, and etc.If you are staying at one of those 5 hotels like aria or vdara and don't want to walk all the way to wynn or caesars, then come here! Its nice and new!
5	Crystals is a super high-end mall in the Las Vegas City Center, closest to Aria, but also connected by tram to the Bellagio and Monte Carlo.  The collection of stores include Cartier, Zegna, Fendi, Gucci, Harry Winston, Hermes, Louis Vuiton, Prada, Tiffany, Tom Ford, and Versace--all heavy hitters. Many of the other comments note that almost all of these stores can be found elsewhere on the Strip.  I would add, however, that (1) you don't find a collection of all of these stores together elsewhere in Las Vegas and (2) in appears to me that many of the stores are bigger than their counterparts in the city or otherwise.  Some of the other reviews--and myself included--would admit that a lot of these stores are out of their price range, but I wouldn't hold that against the shopping center.  Finally, a lot of the other reviewers fairly criticize Crystals for its large, empty feeling--most likely a function of the limited clientele that can shop there.  I think that the design of Crystals is better, though, than the other long, corridor-style malls on the Strip, particularly The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace and Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops.Whether Crystals will withstand the test of time remains to be seen.  In my conversation with store clerks, some of the stores are doing better than before but still below expectations.  Based primarily on its amazing collection of stores and secondarily on its above-average layout and design, I think Crystals is worthy of top rating for a Las Vegas shopping experience.
5	Well this will be difficult but here is my disclosure, I love architecture. That being said this building is a beautiful display of modern architecture. Natural sun light compliments all the fine natural material used throughout. Not to mention the wow factor in seeing all the 'fantasy' designer labels most of us everyday shopper can only dream of being a regular shopper at. Fun to go through and see the large store version. I was lucky enough to be able to 'shop' aka 'walk / drool through the store' at the Louis Vuitton in Paris which is there headquarters and this one at Crystals is truly as close to that as possible. I would imagine that the competition would attack in the same manner. Even the eateries have detail of natural beauty. One restaurant as you'll see in posted pictures is suspend above the concierge desk in artistic wooden structure.  Water features throughout to at least entertain you when you realize you can't afford anything in the building! Still a wonderful place to visit and soak in the beauty.
3	The decorations are pretty here but the shopping stores are the more SUPER HIGH END. We just walked through to see what it's like but didn't go into any of the stores. When you walk into the mall there is this big wooden thing in the middle and if you look closely, there is actually a restaurant in there.
2	I honestly think this is one of the worst luxury malls I've ever been to.They were trying to be too modern with the whole layout, decor, and selection of stores that they may have alienated the average wage earner. I love my designer handbags, but come on! It's a recession. I can't imagine a person who doesn't have an income of over six figures actually enjoying this place. All the stores are high-end, luxury brands. Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Fendi, etc. There are no stores that are geared towards children or the people who are just cheap and not willing to shell out over a thousand bucks on a pair of shoes. What I hate the most about this place is the stupid layout. They have you running around everywhere trying to find an escalator that goes up and down. Just to let you know, the escalators are separate. The one that goes down may be across from the one that goes up. That is inconvenient. There aren't many signs so it's unclear where everything is. There is so much waste of space. The only thing that I do like about this place is the art work that they have on the lower floor. Everything is modern art so I don't really understand the meaning behind the pieces, but they are entertaining. The beautiful lights that illuminate the exterior of the Louis Vuitton building are so modern and elaborate. I've never seen anything like that before. I think the ugliest thing inside the mall is the weird bird's nest thing that hovers on the second floor. It is a restaurant, but it is so unattractive. They need to get rid of it asap. Don't go to this mall unless you have the money and patience.
3	It is a very good looking mall but other than it was ok.   I already knew this place had  high end stores.  I buy a few high end things once in a while.  It was a place for us to window shop.  We came on a Monday afternoon and it was dead.  It is a nice place to look at.  It was very frustrating to get out of.  It was a bit confusing to navigate.
5	JUST WOW! I love all the high end boutiques...and the overall look and feel of the place is absolutely glamorous. There is no doubt that Crystals is setting the trend for the Vegas of the future!
2	I've been re-living in Las Vegas for three years and just very recently went down to City Center (specifically Crystals because it was the only place I had the strength/patience to walk through). I happened to be down at the Cosmo with an out of town friend and suggested we check out the mall because it was close.What can I say to Crystals? "BOO, YOU WHORE."When Las Vegas was going bust and City Center was on the verge of bankruptcy and Harry Reid put in his calls to whoever the hell he calls to make sure this place still got built - and THIS is what it ends up being? Another Forums Shop? Except with some creeper cage restaurant in the middle of it? It looks like one of those motorcycle-cages you see at country bumpkin fairs, except it's in the middle of a bunch of high-end stores that no one is shopping at.No. One. Is. Shopping. Here. My friend and I walked all the way through and back to the Cosmo through this place and we probably counted 10 people in the stores. COME ON. What a waste of air conditioning. Maybe 30 years from now when Americans (like myself) finally have jobs again there will be people in here, but for now it looks like an abandoned tourist trap that's been very well-kept.For all the hype City Center put in this place it is obvious they were living in LA-LA Land while the American economy was crumbling around them. And now the crumbled American worker trucks through this place wondering how the frack to get out.
3	this place looks super nice and upscale...u'll either feel super rich and love it here or feel super intimidated..either way it's a sight for ur eyes
3	Luxury mall-I did not know there was such a thing. Rodeo Drive? Yes. Luxury mall? Why? Thank you CityCenter for introducing us to the tease that is unaffordable non-necessities in the second coming of the Depression.Don't get me wrong-I enjoy shopping. I enjoy luxury items (who doesn't?). It seemed insulting to me, to open this Rolls Royce of malls in a city that is in the toilet economically. However, I guess it did provide jobs and hopefully is drawing the intended tourism. I guess what I don't like about Crystals is that it offers a lot of stores that other properties already have-there's not really anything unique about it besides the fact that there is an unusually high concentration of elite designer shops jammed onto the same piece of real estate. For a relatively new mall, there's nothing fresh about the line up of shops that they have. That being said, Crystals is a place that would make Carrie Bradshaw leave NY without blinking. It's home to the largest Louis Vuitton in the continental US, as well as other lines made famous by brand whoring lyricists (Prada, Gucci). I think their shining star is what I call "jewelry row": Cartier, Harry Winston and Van Cleef & Arpels which houses some of the most beautiful, exclusive pieces out there and the best part is the stores are right next door to each other, so you can window shop in shame in one fell swoop.They do have a pretty cool optical wear shop, Ilori, that carries Oliver Peoples sunglasses AND optical and is probably just about as close as an OP boutique as we're going to get for now. They also have some fancy dining options such as Mastro's, Social House and a Wolfgang Puck establishment-none of which I've tried, but I'm definitely down to see what it's like to sit in the wooden clamshell that is Mastro's. That's what it is, isn't it?In a nutshell, the brands are big, the prices will make you dizzy, but it's an OK place to go if you like to pretend that you just won the lottery.
3	Nice place to cut through on our way to other locations on the strip. The fact that most of the shops were closed made no difference since I wouldn't be shopping at them anyway. The restaurant looked kind of neat, and the finishes were nice. Plus, it's the best smelling shopping center I've been in.
4	Just wanted to point out that they are also dog friendly.  My parents went recently with their pups without a problem.  Bonus star!
2	ok... all the high end stores. awesome. i love pretty much every single boutique in here... but this place is BORING. why not add more stores? i'd rather hit up the forum shops at caesar's palace.
3	This mall is specifically a high-end mall.  While its really pretty and stuff, I felt kinda mehhh about the fact that I'm too poor to shop here, lol.  I went to a few of the shops and was well received, but I was irritated at a few places that seemed to look down on me (sorry kids, didn't bring my crown with me this trip -_-)Anyway, I guess it all balances out.  I did appreciate that there is a tram that will take you to either the Bellagio or the Monte Carlo (so lazy people like me don't have to walk in the sweltering sun)
4	Beautiful modern contemporary decor, totally dig it !All high end shops, hello Tiffany and Louis Vuitton !Both fine and casual dining, and even an Irish bar! Great place for shopping and dining.
5	This is the most wonderful shopping center ever!  Every high end store you can imagine is here and most are these vendors flagship locations.  Awesome!
4	Very nice Ultra high end mall in City Center. Expensive as hell though. These stores are for big ballers only. I mean... if you can afford to buy Prada, Louis, Gucci, Fendi.. etc.. Then you would love it. The architecture and design is very cool. I'm still going to give it a good score since it's a nice and relaxing place and store workers are nice. If I could afford to buy things here I'd prolly shop here so I can't hate on the rich folk. :)
3	Crystals is your typical high end mall with plenty of stores I can't afford, but I do like that there are a ton of great places to eat around it and that the people are generally pretty friendly. I do like the art work built into the facility. The whirlpool display and the Ice Towers are very interesting and fun. I think visually it is a great place to take someone and show off the fact that our town isn't all casinos and drinking... though its easy to get to if you really want to. Its not the easiest place in the world to get to and I would suggest parking at the Bellagio or Monte Carlo and taking the tram in which is why it loses some points in my book.
3	There's barely anything the average person could afford, but I suppose people enjoy the window shopping. I find the archecture a bit odd, but I guess it makes for good browsing....just it is SOO....phallic and vulva shaped. Seriously. WTF is up with that? I KNOW I'm not the only sicko who notices. There's some ice and water sculptures that might be worth looking at for the tourists. Otherwise I kinda feel there is a sterile vibe about this place since it's quiet and cavernous. I think the only thing I see myself specifically coming here for is PUB and trying to find myself a snazzy dressing gay friend at Tom Ford.
5	This is a high end shopping center connected to ARIA hotel. Its very nice and everything there is EXPENSIVE. Dont forget your money when you buy from here.
5	Mmmm... new building smell. I think it like it better than new car smell.You can definitely tell they spent a couple billion dollars building this gorgeous whateveryouwanttocallit.  I guess it's a mall... it's in between several hotel towers and connects Aria's casino to The Strip. At first I was a little put off by having to walk through CityCenter to get to the casino.  It wasn't too bad and definitely a comfortable way to browse a lot of stuff I couldn't afford to buy.There are some fabulous restaurants here too. My boyfriend and I passed one that he said looked like the kind of place he imagined owning in the future (*note to self*).Hopefully next time I can stop in and buy a few things.  The two-story Prada store caught my attention and I'd love a new bag (*hint to my boyfriend*).
4	Fantastic building, the most intriguing on the whole strip in my opinion: everything is at an oblique angle, creating a different set of perspectives from everywhere you stand....I love this kind of architecture!    Framed inside are the most ridiculously overpriced luxury brands in the world; well I suppose its appropriately priced for the fashion value, but it is nothing that I would sacrifice that much of my hard earned money for.  Felt like a dope in my $50 outfit, I think one salesman was staring at me in some degree of disgust.  Great to window shop however!   Fun water sculptures and floating restaurants.
3	Can't afford to shop here. Only window shop...not even. Makes me sad and poor.
5	Sleek, ultra chic, cool mall flanking the Aria and Cosmopolitan Hotels.  Really pretty.  Unique sculptures, fountains, and great assortment of high-end boutiques.  We really ended up walking through there rather quickly, so I didn't get to "browse" as I would've liked, but my eyes were roaming even if my legs weren't.  I will return !!
3	High-end shopping, and i try not to spend any more here because i'd probalby kick myself in the arse afterwards. But it's nice to roam around and window shop. Other than that I don't want to try to afford anything in this place... It's for all those high-rollers.
4	I love crystals for 2 reasons:1. Amazing Stores2. Never CrowdedCrystals is located in the Aria portion of city center and is connected by bridge or tram to the Cosmopolitan.  I love shopping here, because there aren't very many kids( kids should not be allowed to roam around and touch everything in Prada, Dolce and Gabana etc.), or very many people for that matter.  That being said most of the stores are better stocked compared to say Caesars Palace.  I feel when I shop here I get more help, and the staff has been friendly and polite.They have a 2 story Prada, Gucci, Fendi, Tom Ford, Marni,. Kiki De Monterpanasse, Dior and a handful of others.  In addtion to the great stores they have decent places to eat.  They have a social house (which used to be at the TI), which has good food at reasonable prices.  I love coming to Crystals to shop and I will keep coming here when I visit!
3	Oh hey, it's a mall for really rich people. It sure is pretty to look at, but you really can't actually shop here (aside from window shopping). My favorite thing is actually not the window shopping, but checking out the art and architecture. I could be mesmerized for hours by the water cyclones. As an added bonus, this mall always feels a bit empty (people and stores0. It's a bit like walking around a mall that is only half-finished.
4	If you are someone who sees the fashion in art, and the art in fashion, you will enjoy this mall.Not only does this shopping center boast couture shops like Lanvin, Balenciaga, Dior and Versace (did you say "Foe-Sa-Chee!?") to name a few, but the architecture and art displays here are AMAZING.  So even if your pockets aren't deep enough to drop a G on some new Jimmy Choo heels, or a Kiki de Montparnasse brassiere.... or a few more G's on Harry Winston Ice, there is still a lot of artful eye candy to enjoy just by window shopping and walking around in the spacious corridors. And in my experience, the workers in the boutiques have been briefed with the Pretty Woman memo, who are courteous and helpful even to flip-flop wearing and leftovers-in-plastic-bag carrying gals like me.  They did, however, back up slowly in caution when I started drooling over the shoes. ;)The Rodney Lough gallery never ceases to amaze me with the wonderful landscape photography, and The Gallery, which has Dale Chihuly's glass artwork featured (he has installations at the Bellagio too), is simply breathtaking.Don't forget to check out the big-a$$ typewriter eraser in the outside walkway too!
4	CLEAN and pretty. My favorite store was the Paul Smith Store. Theres only one in LA! Buy your name brands here because Nevada has a very low tax rate then alot of the other states. Happy Shopping!
3	If you're not rich or didn't just win BIG at the casino, don't bother.  Filled with extremely high end stores, this mall is not for the budget conscious.  My mom had fun window shopping all the jewelry stores, so at least there's pretty bling to look at.  I can see this mall being an attractive place to window shop in the summer when it's super hot out.  It wasn't crowded at all when we went, so it'd be a nice place to cool off.
3	Oh you fancy, huh? That's pretty much what I thought when I walked into the Crystals shopping center. Located next to the Aria Hotel, Crystal's is one of, if not the fanciest, most upscale shopping centers on the Las Vegas Strip.I loved looking in all the beautiful shops. I loved looking at all the impressive displays, statues and water tornado thingy's but to be honest, I can't afford to shop in any of Crystal's stores. Nope. Not one. I'm not poor by any means but you gotta be a baller to shop here. When doing my shopping in Vegas I'll just stick to The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, a place where both peasants and royalty can shop in unison. And does anyone know how this place stays in business? I went in here twice and it was DEAD. Even on a super busy Saturday afternoon.
3	FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCY!  Fancy, Fancy, Fancypants!
2	pros:- almost every high end shop you can think of, including the ones you can't pronounce.- fancy restaurants, if that's what you're looking for.- connected to the cosmopolitan and tram to the bellagio.cons:- only high end shops.  nothing else.- the layout.  i just don't get it.  you literally have to walk in circles to get from one end to the other.  to get on/off the tram, you have to walk all the way around to get to the exit of the place.  just wrong.
3	This is a high end and very expensive shopping center that's a part of the City Center.  I love to walk around in here but the stores here aren't really affordable.  This place is very convenient with the tram service and it's a one stop place for shopping and good food.  The decor is great and the architecture is amazing.  However, if you're in to serious shopping, I'd recommend Fashion Show Mall down the street.
2	So if you are loaded, you may have a different take on this place.  To me, I find it boring and unnecessary.  How many Louis Vuittons, Cartiers, and Jimmy Choos does Las Vegas Boulevard really need?Anyway, the mall it pretty nice and architecturally interesting.  I do agree with Judd that it's set up haphazardly and you can wind up going down a corridor to nothing.As for the stores, every time I've been there all the stores are completely dead.  In fact, I see most employees playing with their phones.  People dressed up in suits standing around jewelry worth thousands of dollars and they are leaning up against the cases bored out of their minds and texting their friends.  I worked retail for several years and would have been fired for doing something like that. I digress.I understand that while in the planning phase and even during the initial building of Crystals the economy was a lot better off and this might have made sense.  Then everything went to the crapper and they weren't even sure how they were going to finish City Center.  Remember when MGM almost went bankrupt from it?  I understand there may have been contracts and such to deal with, but someone at MGM should have realized they needed to change their game plan and put in at least a few affordable stores in this mall. There are also a few restaurants, most of them overpriced as well.  For the rich and famous, this is a 5 star place for you to spend your money.  For the typical tourist, I would say go in once to say you've been and then move on over to the Cosmopolitan.
2	When it's scorching hot on the strip Crystals is an air conditioned connection between the elevated walkways that offers some eye candy as you speed walk through it. It's an oasis of sorts, a place to daydream of things you could blow money on if you ever won Mega Millions. As you look into the stores with service people waiting on no customers you can only imagine how attentive the service would be if you ever stepped foot inside a store or two. If you know where to look you can see the signs trumpeting the building's LEED environmental status. But then it hits you, unless you are filthy stinking rich this is not the place for you. You quicken your pace and head for the exit, pausing briefly to check out the cool small airplane hanging from the ceiling before you step outside to the strip, breathe in the exhaust fumes from Las Vegas Blvd and realize life outside of Crystals is better without much of the stuff they sell inside. Crystals is a textbook of example of just because you can doesn't mean you should. MGM Resorts plopped this ridiculous looking architectural abomination on prime strip front property as part of the biggest privately funded construction project in America to date. It's a temple to excess, bad design, and wasted square footage. Walk through it once, looky loo, and then go find something better to do. 2 stars: 1 because it's air conditioned, 1 for the entertainment value I got by watching 2 women come out of Prada, toss their shoes and slide on their new pricey ones only to say these really suck after a few steps. They ended up digging their old shoes out of the trash. It was a priceless Las Vegas memory for me.
2	So, did you just hit the jackpot at one of the casinos? Want to burn through your loot quickly? Stop at Crystals! This mall is entirely filled with high-end stores. Literally, it is hard to leave any one of these shops less than a grand lighter. Don't get me wrong, I like high-end goods and have purchased a fair bit of them over the years. The reason why this mall only gets two stars from me is because they have ONLY super high-end goods. The mall itself is dead except for people trying to walk around and cool off, but the stores themselves aren't doing much business. They should have tried to mix in some moderately priced stores to keep the place feeling alive. My other beef with Crystals is that there's no easily accessed option to grab a drink on a hot Las Vegas day. Seriously, how about a small vendor or two with stands in the middle of the mall? Did I miss something, or is it blistering hot here in the desert? Lastly, the layout of the mall is somewhat confusing. You can walk down a hallway to nowhere without realizing it, plus there's an absence of directory signs to help you find your way around. Granted, the building isn't that massive, but still, good design makes it easy for people to get around, not get lost.Crystals had an opportunity to be a great mall in the heart of Vegas, but like many things in this town, it was prone to excess and poor planning. Perhaps once some of the leases run up on the super-lux stores, they can re-think this mall for the 2012 economy and mindset of your average Vegas visitor. This isn't Rodeo Drive baby.
5	This is arguably the most beautiful shopping center in Vegas! The design by Daniel Libeskind is brilliant - dazzling like crystals. Interior is fun and elegant with features like "tree house" and real icicles! Unlike Caesars or Venetian, it feels brighter simpler and more modern. Most stores here are luxe flagships and boutiques, including Tom Ford, Louis Vuitton, Hermes, Gucci, Dior, Kiton, Tiffany's, Harry Winston, etc... If you are a power shopper who wants the best of the best or if you want to get motivated this is the place to go!  They do have cheap place to grab a bite as well - The Cup is a cute place to grab a coffee and their mango smoothie is refreshing! The Pod by Wolfgang Puck is not bad either.
1	Vegas is full of people with cameras but I got asked to leave for taking pictures here because I have a "professional-looking camera." Wow - the level of stupidity here is amazing. What's the problem? It's Vegas. People take lots of pictures here. These people wasted a ton of money on a fancy mall and now they are afraid someone will take a picture of it? Add to that the snobby staff and the silly - high prices at vanity stores and you're much better off at any of half a dozen mals in Vegas. This one you can afford to miss - especially if you're a photographer.
3	What can I say about this place?  Well..... it must be BORING to work there?There's a lot of people walking in & out of the mall, but no one is really stopping inside the store!  And, if you look at everyone's hands, no one is buying anything at all. Shopping is in my blood! But, this place bores to me to hell, and the sales person doesn't really wanna make you wanna go in either. Why would I want to come all the way to Vegas to shop and be treated like shit? NO ONE is gonna dress up to come shopping @ Crystals for an hour, especially when you're at Vegas. However, if you don't dress like you got money here, the sale person won't give a damn about you, and wont' even look at you.  Bottom line, don't come here to shop high end crap. If you're in So. Cal. I would stick to your South Coast where the sales person knows that you ain't gotta dress like you got money to spend money!
5	A stunning couture gem. Easily the most gorgeous shopping venue in Vegas - well laid-out, airy, sunlit. Entire structure looks like a gigantic crystal from the outside. Crystals offers a true escape from Vegas (ie: crowds at Forum Shops and Grand Canal Shoppes) - a quiet, refined experience with each couture house with its best foot forward. Wynn-Encore Esplanade is the only other collection remotely in the same league as Crystals, but Crystals' experience and environment is unrivaled. Conveniently located in CityCenter, connected to the Cosmopolitan and Aria.Boutiques are large showrooms here, often with runway pieces. Staff are courteous, attentive and knowledgeable.Favorite boutiques: Dior, D&G, Cavalli, Miu Miu.
4	Big, nice, beuatiful shopping center with very few people.  Over the years since it has opened, I have been in Crystals a few times.  It is really nice but for some reason doesn't seem to get lots of foot traffic.  Maybe it is that so many of the stores are so high end but it is that way at the Bellagio and the Venetian but there are way more people there.  The pods are kind of cool as is the PUB but I was surprised that it was pretty dead.  Maybe not enough people are gambling and winning at the Aria to buy stuff at Crystals?
4	Alot of high end designer stores but i like it....had a long shopping trip inside gucci,lv
4	Beautiful high end stores that my bank account cannot afford. I had to lift my jaw up from the floor as I walked in and started dreaming of window shopping. Yes ladies I couldn't even window shop I was dreaming of window shopping. The center is classy and the decor is stunning. San Francisco, Blackhawk and Walnut Creek shopping centers cannot even try to compete with Crystals. I will just stick with what I know and just gawk from afar.
3	meh - it may look cool and even seem cool but it's mostly just surface treatments with the illusion of high glamour. quite the empty mall.  another reviewer mentioned not enough "positive chi for shopping" - it's true. this environment smacks of trying too hard. yes there are ultra chic shops, plus casual dining etc. but it's not quite enough of an experience to be in the space itself. its hallways felt barren even with its luxury - kind of like a high fashion model that just can't smile because she takes the idea that she's just a clothes hanger waaaaay too seriously.just doesn't stir the senses enough to actually shop.
3	The idea seemed stunning... a super high end mall with unique architecture.  Turns out to be quick cold.  It just doesn't feel warm, inviting, etc.  I LOVE modern architecture and you can be modern and more welcoming.  I like the Wynn shops a lot better.  Bellagio too.
4	Crystals is so Vegas...excessive, extravagant, and over the top.  Crystals takes high-end shopping to an extreme.  Prada, Dolce & Gabbana, Tom Ford, Roberto Cavalli, Zegna...all that and more.  You won't find Old Navy in Crystals!  At least window-shopping is free.  Hey, is that a Fisker Karma?  Of course it is.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dcqHjnmKPDdOseYEo6SdAw?select=xNutqojIkLciXNI_B9AoGg#xNutqojIkLciXNI_B9AoGg) Dream on, commoners!  You can look, but you better not touch!
5	Great shops but will break the BANK!
5	I absolutely love fashion and designer clothing. I am nowhere near rich but I love to splurge from time to time and treat myself to something beautiful. The Crystals is probably the most amazing designer mall I have ever seen (unfortunately I have never been to Italy quote obvioisly but its on my bucket list). Wynn has some amazing things as well. There are more amazing things for the ladies ningto look at however with the likes of Dolce & Gabbana & Roberto Cavalli, men can't complain. The sales girl Corinne at Cavalli was extremely nice and friendly. I found some shoes  at 60% off and she found me my number. She rocks and I was disproven because apparently such discounts are possible even here. As far as the people who are mentiong that the mall is empty, I have a theory as to why. Your typical rich person in America has not learned to appreciate the finest clothing in the world, and many other classy establishments. Fashion is limited to the american clothing brands pertetrated through media (such as True Religion). On any given day, Vegas does not lack individuals who can easily afford to shop here. Let's face it, it really is for show but everything here is and there are possibilities to splurge on whatever one likes. Definitely come back on my next Vegas adve adventure
3	Not sure it's the best location and was surprised that not many retailers aren't open here.   A few stores were empty and not that many people seem to visit... Considering its located in city center I noticed most people were just escaping the heat and window shopping it must be the economy.
3	Lots of high-end shops with direct access to the Mandarin Oriental hotel.  However, it felt more like a regular mall than something suited for only certain clientele.
2	In a city where shopping is an experience for both the AmEx *and* the eyes, the Crystals mall in CityCenter comes up miserably short.Plopped in front of the Aria hotel, Crystals solely exists to force unsuspecting tourists to walk through it on their way to the Aria proper.  Not that I really mind that kind of gambit -- after all, that's pretty much the sole reason the Forum Shops at Caesars exist, too.  But, really, if you're going to forcefully herd me through retail -- make it worth my while.FIrst of all, the selection is so high-end as to be preposterous.  There is *only* Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Prada, Tiffany, Zegna, Paul Smith, etc., on these premises.  Not even *one* mid-range retail option for those of us who don't want to drop $2000 on a pair of f*ck-me-pumps or $10000 on a business suit.  I know that the Las Vegas Strip is a capitalist mecca, but Crystals is self-parody.(I also know that I'm not the only visitor who felt this way.  The stores were all deserted ghost towns each time I walked through.  The retail staff always looked miserably bored.  Even the 1%ers don't shop here, apparently.)Ok, fine, so the store selection sucks.  But that's okay, because it's Las Vegas, so it should be fun to walk through and gawk at, right?  Wrong.  The interior is so sterile and bland that you think you've left the Las Vegas Strip and entered the DMV.  Fail.It's a shame, because there's so much promise here.  The Daniel Libeskind architecture is eye-catching, and the random aesthetic touches (like the water tornado columns and flower garden) are amusing for a minute or two.  Seeing Mastro's Steakhouse "suspended" in a wooden cage above the mall is kind of cool, too.Somehow, though, Crystals manages to add up to *less* than the sum of its parts.Yawn...
4	How many things here can I afford? Oh, zero. Zero things are things that I can budget for. That being said, it's beautiful, quiet, and fun to window shop here. I love the spinny water things! One day, I'll be able to afford it here!
2	***I am not a big fan of Crystals because they just do not seem to have much variety (there just seems to be only high-end shops here); the mall is nice and big though and it is very accessible to The Strip; I really like the exterior design of the Mastro's Ocean Club here***I am not sure where you park for Crystals shopping--maybe at Aria (next door), which offers valet and self parking (both free).
3	As they would say in Franch, "le meh"I guess this is nice, but we've got the same stores in NYC and they don't seem as snooty there as they do here.   But then again, I'm just not a retail kind of guy.
5	This is a fabulous shopping venue! I noticed there are several revues that talk about how there is nobody shopping here. That couldn't be further from the truth. Most of the selling that goes on at these stores, happens behind the scenes. When a luxury client is interested in a new collection, she phones her sales rep. of choice at said store, and arranges for a private viewing at her hotel suite, or has the collection FedExed to her home to view the collection in private quarters.When one is of a prominent social standing, privacy is the ultimate luxury. Phone orders from other locations are quite prevalent here as well. Let's say you are a Miami socialite and you desire a certain fabulous new Versace bag, and they don't sell that certain bag in the Miami store, one phone call to this Las Vegas store, and the bag is shipped to her. So you see, just because you don't see the clients buying anything does not mean the stores aren't selling anything. They may have done huge business for that day, and the client never set foot in the store. The power of beauty and fashion are yours at Crystals!!!
5	It's a small mall but if you want to see the largest Louis Vuitton in North America, Gucci, Cartier, Miu Miu, and the like this is your place!!!oh yeah--BRING YOUR WALLET
3	The mall itself is large, vast, and there's neat architecture and design in many places around the mall.  There's a Tag Heuer store here and many other higher end vendors.  There are a couple good restaurants and a bar here. It was clean and neat to walk through, would I shop here? Only if I had the money to burn and was looking for some high end goods. We did eat at Social House which is in Crystals, great chef's specials.
4	Yes, the stores here can be found in many major cities. However, we don't have them in AZ so I like this mall. The sales people aren't as arrogant as other reviewers indicated. They greet you when you enter and ask if you're looking for anything in particular. Then they let you browse in peace; that's how I like it.
3	It's a mall with a lot of high-end boutiques... just what I would expect from Las Vegas.  Some of the sculptures and artwork throughout the mall is interesting.  A lot of the stores that are in this mall are also in my local mall (Houston Galleria), so I mostly just walked through, window-shopped, and left.  But it was clean and felt safe (since I was alone).
4	This is a swank mall.Crystals Shopping Centre has all the high end, designer brands you will need to complete your couture closet.  They have stores such as Tiffany & Co., Miu Miu, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Cartier, Dior and much more.  There's even a nice vanilla scent when you enter this mall as well.
4	If you want to get away from the hustle & bustle of the strip, and drool over the latest and greatest in fashion...Crystals is it. This has become my favorite little hide-away when I want a nice glass of vino and a little retail therapy without the crowds. This place is also know for regular celebrity sightings, which always makes for great conversation.
3	Uber High End Mall, if you dont have a Platinum Card in your wallet dont bother to shop :)  On the flip side window shopping can still be entertaining.  Prada, Louis, Pucchi and Gucchi can all be found here. There is also a free tram which runs from Monte Carlo to Bellagio located here.  Very handy on those hot Vegas days and nights.
4	If I had $1,000,000 more dollars, I would probably love this place. Unfortunately, I don't have an extra $10k to spend on an LV, Gucci, Prada, or Fendi purse. I'm sure you get the picture. Overall this is a gorgeous indoor, upscale shopping center that offers restaurants and nightlife within. It's a central spot for the tram that will take you to Monte Carlo, Vdara, Bellagio, and AriaBe sure to stop by if you're in the area!
5	Strolling through Crystals makes me want to work harder in life!! $$$$$ :)
5	A beautiful mall inside and out! Situated in the heart of CityCenter along the famed Las Vegas strip, Crystals is such an eye candy from the outside. The lights are nothing short of a show itself. And as you walk in, you'll be greeted by ice sculptures that change color, their beautiful wooden cage-like concierge, lighted water tubes that shape shift, and a set of majestic staircase that lead you to the upper levels. Its elegance does not stop from the interior and outer design because this mall consists of only the cream of the crop designer stores. Balenciaga, Hermes, Tom Ford, LV, Jimmy Choo, Saint Laurent, Tag Heuer, Valentino, Lanvin, Cartier, Tiffany & Co., Harry Winston, and Prada are just to name a few. From fine jewelry to novelty, accessories to apparel, and art galleries to dining, Crystals screams LUXURY. It can be really heavy on the wallet here but who says you can't window shop? This is just within walking distance from Aria, Vdara, and Mandarin Oriental while Bellagio and Monte Carlo is just a short tram ride away. Tram is free =)  If you have a car, garage parking is available within CityCentre.
2	This mall is pretty empty... It is basically designer stores, but if you're going to drop big ONES might as well go to Caesar's Palace! There are way more designer stores to distract you and keep you splurging on and on! This place is pretty to go and look in though! Their Louis Vuitton store seems pretty big too.
3	High end shopping located near the Aria hotel. It was a nice place to walk around but there's no way I would do any shopping here, it's far too expensive! The building also had a weird perfumey something smell as we walked in which permeated the entire building. Crystals is definitely a nice place for some window shopping though.
3	This place was dead compared to Bellagio last night.It has a lot of the basic shops, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Dior, Tiffany, along with some others that Bellagio does not have, like Harry Winston (drools) and kiki de montparnasse... which is a fun, lingerie shop that you don't want your children, or those faint of heart.... going into. In the back, they have a bed with a model in it.... they have pillows with pillow covers... that tell what kind of mood you are in... the "sleep" mood, or the "F^ck" mood. No joke. It also has a camcorder set up "to film the fun", with $250 whips. I had fun in there.The girl working at kiki de montparnasse had a sweet and charming personality.....Unlike the staff at the bellagio. The thing that separates the two casinos is Bellagio has more artsy things, while Crystals has the better shops, and it seems the better personalities. If I'm going to spend that kind of money, I'll at least be treated like a decent human being.The bellagio has all the flowers,Crystals has big ice towers, cyclones of water, and a little turtle statue in front of Dolce and Gabbana.
1	Typical high end Vegas shopping that is in every casino mall around the strip. The difference with this place is I felt the interior is pretty boring and un-inspired.  Compared to shops at places like Ceasers or the Venetian which actually took some time to plan and theme their setting making you want to spend more time. Crystals just looked like a fancy mall. Pass.
3	Crystals is a fun stop for window shopping while you're on your way to the Aria or the Cosmopolitan, but the truth is, its super expensive stores that I can't afford.My favorite thing about the Crystals is they have some fun/funky interactive art displays like the tornado tubes that change colors and the ice sculpture.  It is fun to ooh and ahh there, but shopping is very unlikely for a poor girl like me.  I'm definitely a fan of Dior and Armani and Jimmy Choo and Tiffany, I just don't have the kind of expendable cash to shop there, but I will admit I always try to sneak into Kiki de Montparnasse because, that is one sexy store.  LOVE.  Never buy, but LOVE.So, Crystals is okay.  I bet if you can afford it, it's probably really fun, but for me, I'll just look and not touch.
4	This is the mall you would want to come to after winning a lot of money at the craps table!All high end, designer stores.  The restaurants are also high end.  FYI:  Prada will give you a glass of Champagne as you "shop" around in their store...or just browse!  Its a beautiful setting located between the ARIA and The Cosmopolitan.  I enjoy walking through here, window shopping and eating at Wolfgang Puck's restaurant.
3	Gucci Gucci Louie Louie Fendi Fendi Pradaaaaa You know that one song by Kreayshawn called 'Gucci Gucci'? That is basically what this entire mall is filled with. Nothing but high-end boutiques for the elite.If you don't have cash to blow or had bad luck in winning the lottery, then this place will basically just become one big giant window-shopping experience. Apparently, there are hardly any high-rollers even shopping at these place. The Crystals is so rich that no one can afford them. But then again, do we really need another Louie Vuitton store on the strip when there's several down the block?Gucci Gucci  Louie Louie Fendi Fendi Pradaaaaa ~It's nothing new; you can get your designer brand fix down at the Wynn or even the Forum Shops at Caesars. At least there, the peons can shop in peace with the gods.Here at The Crystals? Heck, even the employers look depressed since not a lot of people are buying anything.The only good shop here is Kiki de Montparnasse, the Rolls Royce of lingerie here in Vegas. But even then, you'll need a lot of cash to blow if you wanna buy the goods.Other than that, your time here isn't exactly wasted. The Crystals offers enough eye candy such as super cool, contemporary, futuristic art installations all over the place. Make sure to touch the ice pillars and 'tornado sculptors' littered all over the place.
2	Not much to say other then you better have money if you think you're going to shop here. They have a couple restraints I look forward to trying but will never come back to shop. Watch out for the security. They were following me everywhere like I was a criminal. I assume it was because I was wearing sweats.
5	I always love walking through here while I'm in Vegas. The stores are great and I went to the Versace store to get the new Eros cologne that had my nose wide open. I've been getting so many compliments on it. Make sure you walk through here when your in Vegas. And if you got the money to spend at the high end designer stores, then I say go ahead and spend those bills!.....
3	nice decor. too poor to shop here!
4	This is one swanky shopping center! Lots of high end stores for jewelry, and designer stuff. Mostly out of my budget but it's still fun to look at all the pretty, shiny stuff in the windows! There are a few good dining options here,  so walk around, do some shopping and grab a bite!
4	Wow just come here to look at t he architecture, amazing.  You most likely cant afford shopping here.  Actually if you make short of a million a year, you shouldnt be shopping in here, HA!  The Louis store is impressive.  The Cartier store was not inviting and sales lady lost a $4000 sale for her snotty behavior and lack of trying to help me find the ring I was looking for.  Even carrying around my Chanel handbag, everyone treats you like you just came off the street looking for warmth, I dont like that attitude at all.  Like I said just come and look at the interior and the cool architecture.
5	Loooooooooooooove this place! Located in City Center, neighbor to Aria and Veer towers. This is a luxury mall so do not be surprised at the prices and many of the stores are only in select citiies. There is Todd English pub which has great food, brews, and is a lot of fun, wolfgang puck which I believe has an all day happy hour, Social House has a great lunch special, and they have free wifi! The sales staff is generally really helpful in each store and if you ball out you'll definitely be treated to luxury service.
3	After you win Megabucks, then come here.  Otherwise you won't be able to afford anything in this mall.  Still a nice place aesthetically to do some window shopping.  Layout is cool and worthy of picture taking, but after you study it for a while, not a good layout to walk around easily.  This place is in between Aria, Cosmopolitan and Planet Hollywood, so it makes a good hub between the casinos.  It also is a tram stop between Bellagio and Monte Carlo.  It's a nice place and if you're near it, you should stop by.  My flagship casino malls are still Caesar and Venetian, so because of that I can't put this on the top of my list, but nonetheless something that you should give a try.
4	Loved the cozy atmosphere. Drinks were good too. Was there last week and really had excellent waitress.
4	As far as high end shopping goes, this place is lovely. There are plenty of eating and coffee options if you need a break from all of the walking as well. My friends and I love to browse the shops on trips to Vegas. Usually someone always finds something, and I am happy to tag along and hold bags.The Wolfgang Puck cafe' is nice to try if you're looking for a light lunch. The pizzas and salads are crisp and delicious. There is also a Starbucks if you are in need of a caffeine jolt.If you're looking for high end shopping, Crystals has it all, from Valentino and Versace to Prada and Miu Miu. Out of my price range to be sure, but still fun to browse.
5	Loved walking through. Definitely all high-end shops. But, if you have the $$$, great place to shop!! And, if not, a great place to Window shop!!
1	Bring a nose plug.They have every high end store you could ever want to shop in, but this mall STINKS. It literaly has a stench. It is a failed attempt at piping in an appealing scent. It is so gross. I almost puked the last time i had to walk through the damn place to get to Aria. Next time I will most likely not stay at Aria and avoid this place like the plague. I'm gagging thinking about it.
3	I came through here twice when I stayed at Aria and both times I came in it was completely dead. As everyone else has already mentioned, all the stores are super high end. The layout (at least on the 2nd floor) doesn't seem to be that conducive for window shopping. Two stars for the mall itself with an added bonus star for the small James Turrell installation. If you missed the Turrell exhibit at LACMA and the Guggenheim go up to the top floors of the mall to see a few rooms with Turrell installations. It's pretty cool.
3	Does anyone actually shop here?My husband and I were staying next door at Aria and wandered over to see what this mall was all about ... and it's all about High End Things for Rich People. Now, I didn't go there expecting to see an Office Max, a Lane Bryant, or a combo KFC / Taco Bell in a food court, but I hoped there may be -some place- I might feel comfortable walking in to and at least browsing. Nope. It was all super high end, and I saw very few people actually in those stores shopping. Most people were just wandering through (like we were) on their way to somewhere else, or gawking at the fabulous architecture and art installations. The only place we found that looked like it didn't require an American Express Black Card to enter was a place humbly called The News Stand, tucked away downstairs under the escalator near a (presumably) rarely used entrance, like the fabled red-headed stepchild. The only reason I'd ever go back would be to grab some bottled water from The News Stand, maybe get a coffee at Starbucks, or just enjoy the A/C and the art on my way to The Strip.
5	Absolutely high-end shopping, but accessible and fun. If you win something in the casino and want to splurge and be pampered this is the place to do it! I had so much fun in Lanvin, Prada and Tom Ford! I found that the staff generally deal with people who are window shopping and looking into these expensive items, but the minute you express any true interest in a collection or a particular item all of them were genuinely helpful. I like that this exists. I don't gamble to take money home... if I win, great, why not treat myself to something out-of-the-ordinary? :-)
4	Martin V was very nice, conversational, excellent service.Coffee tasted great - better than the Starbucks that I've tasted in others across the country.
3	Tired of walking up and down the strip in your 5" heels?  Never fear!  For the minimum of $100, you can have yourself a pair of plain designer sandals to rest your ill-prepared feet!Crystals is another one of the few mini-malls on The Strip where high-end boutiques converge.  A middle point between Aria and The Cosmopolitan, Crystals gives tourists a chance to window-shop while getting from Point A to Point B.  Crystals is also one of the stops in the Monte Carlo-to-Bellagio tram.Although not as big as The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, Crystals showcases about 40 luxury brands as well as a Wolfgang Puck eatery.  Enclose are some gardens, interactive water sculptures the kids seem to flock to, statues, fancy lit-up steps, and other little things to view.  At night, go-go dancers are littered about trying to get you to go to nearby bars.  One annoying aspect about this place is that they seem to put escalators and elevators at opposite ends of the floors so you're kind of forced to walk to whole level to get to the next one unless you cut through by using the fancy stairs.  This could be a major hindrance if you or someone you know needs to use either one.Regardless, stop on by Crystals when you want to be fancy.  I can't say I hate this place.  My favorite Tiffany's pieces in my collection are from here after all!  And the Mikimoto store makes me want to add some pearls to my jewelry collection and Cartier makes a girl yearn for more diamonds... Bling please!
4	Nice high end mall along the strip.  Located near Vdarra,, Aria and has a monorail stop between Bellagio and Monte Carlo.
3	(I'd give it four stars if I could afford anything here.)  Pretty, bright, and open, Crystals is filled mostly with stores so expensive that the mall has mostly been devoid of potential customers whenever I've wandered through; instead, it's mostly served as a passthrough for outdoor-heat-weary crowds and for window shoppers imagining what store they'd make a beeline for if they had a major win in Las Vegas.  Several high-end restaurants -- and a Starbucks -- fill out the space (including one restaurant for which most of the seating is pretty and unique in an open-wood-frame 'dining room' suspended over the mall's first-floor concierge desk).
5	Walking through this luxury shopping complex just outside of the Aria and across the walkway from the Cosmopolitan is a nice way spend a little time daydreaming about how much money you could spend if you only won the Lion's Share or some equally outrageous sum of money. There are a number of high end designers with retail outlets here including Nanette Lepore (my fave!), Fendi, Tom Ford, Loro Piana, Gucci and so many more! I don't think I have ever found a mall with so many options for designer men's clothing, so in that regard, these shops really do offer something different.I usually stop into at least one of the stores, just to check out the service and I've always been served respectful, sometimes offered water, or a glass of champagne while browsing. That's always nice, though I rarely accept. :)
4	Crystals is one of the nicer shopping areas in Las Vegas.  Most of the stores here are luxury brands.  But it doesn't hurt to window shop.  Wherever you go, you will see clothes, purses, watches, shoes, belts, you name it.  The decor at Crystals makes you feel calm and relaxing.  The have mini water tornadoes on the first floor near the center of building, they have lights hung up into trees, and many structures to admire.  If you are hungry they have a Wolfgang Puck.  The Tram also runs by Crystals that can take you to other Casinos/Hotels.  Come check this place out even though the items are pricey and if you can afford it..... SHOP SHOP SHOP.
5	Always so beautiful and i love to go to the tiffanys here they are always so friendly definitely better than caesars palace forum shops !!!
4	You either love this shopping mecca because 1. you're filthy rich and you have so much $$$$$ you have no idea what the heck to do with it so you go and buy a $3,000 penguin stuffed animal at one of their many ultra high end stores.. 2. you've won some mega jackpot in the casino.And then there are some people who just walk through here because Crystals is connected to Aria and its surrounding areas. And during the summer months, you can hide in here and enjoy the AC from the horrible 110+ degree heat.Lastly, you got people that dislike stepping foot in here because it's just a kick in the face when reality sets in that you can't buy anything in here without living off of ramen noodles for the next 3 months. I'm not a fan of window shopping. Why shop when you can't buy!? What torture and it's such a tease. That's my theory. Every time I come in here, it just makes me want to work hard in life so I can hopefully one day not even blink an eye when I drop $5,000 on a transaction here. Crystals is just dripping with $$$$$$$ I don't know how they manage to stay in business. I see more tourists/people browsing more than I do with people carrying shopping bags!!!EDIT:SECURITY IS TOP NOTCH over here!! We left a personal item at one of the restaurants. Restaurant then turned the item in to mall security at the end of the night. We called the next day and they were very polite and gave us all the info we need to retrieve the item. Before driving over there to pick it up, we let security know we're on the way and they told us to just park at valet and they'll DELIVER THE ITEM RIGHT UP TO US!! Talk about "5 diamond service!!!!" Nice!!! =) Bumped them up 2 more stars!!! Thanks Crystals Security Team!!!!!
3	This is a ultra high end shopping mall. I'm not sure exactly how this place stays in business because every time I walk through here I just see tourists window shopping. This place is extremely clean and filled with opulent stores. Luckily they also have 5 star restaurants. While I don't plan on dropping 10k on a suit anytime soon, I will drop $300 on a great meal with the wife. If your last name is Warbucks, you'll enjoy the shopping options. It is very clean and provides warmth or air conditioning while you are walking to or from the Aria.
