4	An office favorite.  One of the many locations in the Las Vegas Valley, but this one is more memorable to me than the others I've visited.  More on that later.Capriotti's is a sandwich shop whose slogan is "Quality is our only gimmick"  and they have proven that to us with every visit.   We have yet to get one bad sandwich out of the bunch, and we have ben getting lunch here at least once a week for the past two years that I have been working for my company.   Some of our favorite sandwiches includeThe Bobbie - aka Thanksgiving dinner on a roll.  Shredded turkey, Cranbery sauce and Stuffing and Mayo wrapped in the bread of your choice.Capastrami - Hot Pastrami, Cole Slaw, Russian Dressing and SwissMushroom Cheese SteaksSweet Italian Sausage with Sweet PeppersAnd what we lovingly refer to as the "Joe Pesci" which is a Small Italian with extra peppers.These are not your average skimpy subs, the small rolls are 9" and the large are 20" and they are fit  to bursting with all the goodies. So make sure to bring your appetite!But my favorite reason to go to this specific location is, depending on how much of a tip you leave them, they show their gratitude by yelling out either: " BEER MONEY!  or BIG BEER MONEY!!"  Either reaction is cool, but it's always fun to hear "BIG BEER MONEY!"  I won't tell you at what amount beer money becomes BIG beer money, that's up to you and your generosity to find out.
1	NASTY NASTY NASTY sandwich.  Pulled turkey on wheat.  I think our cat eats better food than this.  I don't know what all of the hype is about., but the sandwich I had was a waste of money.  The DRIEST turkey.  Seriously - like someone rolled the meat up in a paper towel and squeezed every last bit of moisture.  Oh, and the chick who made it looked like she was still wasted on something from the night before.  Ugh, that probably had something to do with it too.  I should just stick with Subway when I'm away from the yummy delis in the SF Bay.
3	Forget Subway, go here instead...Try "The Bobbie" it's like Thanksgiving Dinner in a sub! The Italian sub is pretty tasty too...get extra mayo though, because their subs are kind of dry.  The subs are huge too, its enough for lunch and dinner.  It's a carb. blowout waiting to happen!
5	Vegetarian turkey sub.  Holy crap.  The best sub ever.The boy and I stopped at this location on our way back from a hike at Red Rock Canyon.  We were both pretty hungry but still ordered small subs, which were more than enough.  Half of a small would have been more than sufficient for lunch, but I ate the whole thing because it was so damn tasty.They also offer vegetarian cheese steak subs, which sounds pretty interesting.  Oh, and the boy got a regular turkey sub and was impressed by the freshness of everything and that it was actual turkey, not processed slices.When in Las Vegas again I will definitely be making a trip to Capriotti's.
4	I might move back home just to eat Capastramis on a regular basis. Picture a hot pastrami sandwich with provolone and some kind of insane Russian dressing. Hot? Yes. Add orange creme soda and voila!
5	Bro and I each got the cheese steak with xtra mushrooms and xtra sweet n' hot peppers. If this is even possible, I think this was the best Capriotti's that I've had. The cheese was melty, bread soft and warm, peppers were hotter here! Our sammies were perfect. Medium is plenty big enough for lunch and will keep you full most of the day. Note to Capriotti's corporate: Keep your current meat supplier! Do not change! (Little birdie told me you're wanting the franchisees (?) to change...) Look at Toyota - that's what happens when you change what works in favor of trying to save a buck. You change your meat supplier to corporate meat, quality declines, customers Yelp that your sammies start sucking. How many times do you need to see it in other industries, let alone with food we inges?! Just don't do it. Keep serving us the same high quality meat you're known for.
5	Great place, they even have vegetarian options.
5	Best sandwich shop in town!!! Ordered the Cole Turkey - turkey breast, cole slaw and russian dressing on soft, fresh rolls.  Coworkers got a bobbie, a cheesesteak and an Italian and they raved about them too. The small is huge - for a small eater, you can split it into two meals and be stuffed after each half.Every town in America should have a Capriotti's!
5	Cappriotti's is my go to place when in doubt. They have so many choices, even with their simple set up. It's a lot more unique than other sub places, just because of their meat. You can sense the difference after one bite. I feel like it's just better quality, it's either that or the "shreddedness" of it making it easier to munch on. Either way I can't go wrong when I come here.My personal favorites are their turkey, steak and cheese (I love it with onions and peppers, real spicy!), the Bobbie (when I really want to let it all go lol) and their sandwiches instead of their subs.Be careful when you order, a small is quite enough to feed one person. Medium can feed two. And a large can feed a small family!This particular store is good, I really feel the family vibe and the workers are really laid back. I always give them a tip since it goes to their "beer money", and I respect the honesty.Keep in mid though, their subs are a little bit more pricey than other places but I classify then as "quality over quantity".Overall, whether your driving by or planning on going out of your way.. Cappriotti's is a good place to choose for a sub other than the 'robotic' subway or quizno's.
5	When I first moved here in Vegas, I saw this sandwich shop so many times on my way home. It was almost like my guide home. So, I started thinking maybe this is just Vegas' version of Subway. Oh, but never in this life time will it ever be compared to Subway. My friends took me here after church. Apparently you have to eat after church, cus it just completes the service.All I kept hearing was, "Try the Bobbie", "Try the Capastrami." I am more of a hot sandwich person so, I went with the Capastrami. It was the greatest decision I've made at a sanwich shop. Kinda makes me wish I made great decisions like this throughout my life. So, anyway about the sandwich.. It was this prefect hot, juicy pastrami that laid on a cold bed of some kind of coleslaw. With this peppery Russian sauce to top it off. I always get extra russian sauce on the side. This sandwich always satisfies my hunger everytime.I tried the Bobby another time. It is a cold sandwich, but it's unique. It's basically a thanksgiving lunch. It has the turkey, bread stuffing, cranberries and cranberry sauce.. It's just as good as the capastrami.I also tried this sandwich called eggplant Parmesan. It's absolutely filling for a no meat sandwich. So much flavor. Now I ave yet to try the rest.They also sell tastykakes! Those deliciously moist krimpets.
5	Bobbie and the Capastrami are to die for!  I love this location because they've always been so friendly and speedy.  Unless the college is in session, it's pretty empty.  So if you want great service, awesome food made quickly, visit this location.
5	The only complaint I could have against this and any other location is that I've been going to Capriotti's for 4 years now and I finally got a survey thing for $3 off! Capastrami is my go-to sandwich, but bobbies are great too just have to be in the mood for one. The service is exceptional, and the location is super convenient. Just a walk across the street when I work and attend class at CSN.
2	Rex is a tough guy...a real man's man...better...he is a real Rex's man. Most men know they can never be Rex...and all women know they will never be with anyone as good as Rex. It is a burden. It is a curse. Rex bears the mantle for what all men should be. Tough. Strong. Virile. Always has a rag, some gas and three pills found in Gary Busey's house.  Still, there is another side. A sensitive side. A side that has a heart.  Rex weeps when he sees pictures of fat girls who was one thin. Rex sobs uncontrollably when he sees a puppy...eating out of a dumpster...and there is none for Rex.  Rex wails and throws himself to the ground at the mere thought of Jessica Alba's sweet babies...how they have ruined her once beautiful vagina.  He is human. Rex IS human...no matter what the Slovakian courts may say.Today...this day...January 45, 2193...Rex weeps again.  Sadness has washed over Rex...much like the time he found out that his girlfriend wasn't just smelly...she had died 38 days earlier. Damn you paint thinner and Pine Sol...why do you have to be so much fun with such an evil side.  Granted Rex is not as upset as when Judy... Jenny...Jana...whatever her name was expired...this time Rex doesn't have to throw out his couch. Still Rex is upset.  Why do you ask?  DON'T EVER ASK ME A QUESTION AGAIN YOU PATHETIC FREAK!!!  Rex will tell you at his own time...okay...Rex is upset because another love of his...is dead.  Capriotti's Sandwich Shop is dead to me.  Rex has actually eaten Capriotti's years ago back east. Rex decided to leave where he was staying...by hiding under a laundry truck and going through two gates, swam through a river, wrestled a rat the size of a large dog and survived in Wilmington...which was the hardest part.  During his brief, but highly publicized change of address he ate at a Capriottti's. It was excellent. Perfect sub. Inventive. Quality ingredients. Care. Pride. It was a taste sensation. A revelation. That was a long time. A long, long time ago. Now...now Capriotti's is basically Subway but a few notches better...but not nearly as good as it should be. Especially considering the price differential between the two. Such a shame. Total shame.  It would be easy to change their ways, but the chain is now owned by a corporation so the traditional corporation changes are taking place.  Less meat. Lower quality ingredients. Substantially less overall care and dedication to the craft which is sandwich making. Rex went and bought 2 subs for the first time in about 9 months.  Rex bought the Cole Turkey and the Bobbie.  The Cole Turkey Rex hadn't bought in 3 or 4 years.  The turkey was dry. There wasn't enough of it. There wasn't enough sauce. It was a total mess. Lots of cole slaw because it is cheap.  The Bobbie...my beloved Bobbie has been absolutely destroyed. Heavy on the stuffing light on the turkey, too much mayo and not enough cranberry sauce.  Rex is a good man...a great man...a fair man...a well hung man...and he tried the best sub. The Capastrami. That is when things went wrong. Rex stood up and attempted to defecate out the horrible food. Rex screamed..."I AM GOING TO CRAP THIS CRAP OUT OF MY CRAPPER!"  Everyone else screamed...melee ensued...Rex was escorted out...for those who are interested...mission accomplished.This location is no better or worse than all of the location. It isn't an individual store issue it is a systemic issue because of the change in ownership.  Rex wants to love Capriotti's. It is what the world needs...a great chain that makes incredible subs/sandwiches with care and quality. There just isn't one out there.  Firehouse comes close (review to come later) but there isn't a perfect one.  Now the expended menu with salads, etc will only water down the brand and quality further. They could have spent more money to buy meat in bulk at a lower cost so they could more on their sandwiches, like they used to have. No. They use their purchasing power to buy lettuce. Really? That is corporate thinking...bad thinking. Rex will always be what you want him to be. Incorrigible. You will always be what Rex wants you to be. Gullible.
3	First timer here.I rank it three stars because:I've had better Italian subs.The price was way high for just a sandwich without being in a combo.the cold veggies on the bottom got warm and soggy under the hot meat.It was still pretty good, and if it weren't for the coupon that printed out, I might not ever go back!I have heard of this place being famous for the Bobbie, but I don't like that whole thanksgiving sandwich thing. Don't care much for sweet with my salty in a savory type of meal. Maybe I'll try something different next time.
5	I can't count how many times I have eaten here. I left Vegas a few years ago and every time I visit, I make sure I eat here at least once during my stay. You can't go wrong with a capistrami or a bobbie. Both are delicious.
5	Forget the alcohol, I would come to Vegas just for THE CAPASTRAMI and THE BOBBIE.
3	Ate here for the first time over the Thanksgiving weekend.  The menu is small but there is probably something for everyone.  I planned on getting the Bobbie since that is what everyone raves about but when I found out it was a cold sandwich that kinda turn me off.  I ended up with the cheesesteak sandwich.  The sandwich was pretty good.  Hubby had a tuna sandwich and he said it was just like a big subway sandwich (he likes subway but I'm not sure that was a compliment).  Drinks are bottles so no refills.  The service was fast and friendly.  This location had a terrible sewage oder in the dining room that was even stronger in the bathroom.  It made eating much less enjoyable than it should have been.  I would rate the food 4 stars but will remove a star for the horrible stench.  When I go back next time hopefully the smell will be gone and I can bump the star level up.
4	heard a lot of good things about this place unfortunately the closest to me is in las vegas. since i was in vegas i dropped by for a sandwich to go and decided on the capistrami. i thought it was a 8.5 out of 10. The bread was the best part of the sandwich. the pastrami was tasty but i've had better. that's not saying i wouldn't go here again because i absolutely will. good thing that i just found out there is one now in my city of torrance. i will be trying that one shortly...like as in tomorrow!
5	Now I know there are multiple locations here in Vegas, but this one is the best!  I always order the philly cheesesteak with mushrooms and you have to get the hot peppers, I wanna know where they get them!  This location is clean, the staff are super friendly and their tip jar says beer money, love it! Went in today for my weekly fix and as always, the meat cooked well, love the fresh bread and of course the hot peppers.  The staff member who rang me up (he might be the owner) gave me a $3.00 off coupon for my next visit!
5	I came here last Tuesday to buy my mom one of Capriotti's signature BOBBIEs. It honestly couldn't get any better than it already is. For $6.60 + tax, you get a 7" sub of pure goodness. My friend first introduced it to me a couple of years ago "It's basically a thanksgiving meal!" she said and I have been hooked on the Bobbie ever since. The staff in this branch was friendly and the cashier saw to it that everyone was given personal treatment. He was very polite and courteous, definitely a personality that would keep customers. I liked the idea of black and white checks to surround the walls and floor tiles, It gave the place more character and made it feel more authentic.
3	Three StarsGreat turkey sandwich , with real turkey not some processed sliced turkey.  My only complaint is the bread is not great, but overall i still always enjoy the cole turkey sandwich.
3	The sandwich was edible but not fantastic, which is abnormal for Capriotti's. But, the staff was super nice and friendly which goes a long way for me.
5	I've always been a big fan of Caps. I don't think i've ever had a bad sandwich from this place. And the fact that they make your sandwich to order there is no getting cold or "old" food. This location was decent service was good and the food came out quickly. My cheesesteak sandwich came out piping hot and full of flavor. Everything was melded together perfectly with the peppers, onions, meat, cheese and mushrooms.  Wasn't very busy so it was nice and quiet and we were able to relax and enjoy our lunch!if you've never been here before try the Bobbie!
4	They have many locations in Vegas and some in other states. I've never dined in and always get food to-go or delivered.  I've had the Capastrami, Bobbie, Cheesesteak, tuna, homemade roastbeef, Italian, meatball sub and veggie cheesesteak (just out of curiosity). I also get their grilled cheese sandwich which has at least 4 slices of cheese.  At the counter, they have Tastykakes - if you're from the East, you know the yummy goodness I'm talking about.There are 2 things I used to dislike: tuna sub and salt & vinegar chips. But for some odd reason, when I tried eating these together, I was pleasantly surprised.  Their tuna isn't fishy, the mayo isn't overpowering and the onions are not overwhelming. Then you have salty tangy chips...mmmmmm...But what really makes this place a must-try is their BOBBIE which is Thanksgiving in a sub sandwich.  It has stuffing, cranberry sauce and of course, turkey.  It sounds a bit strange when all eaten together but believe me, it is delish! So, if you like Thanksgiving, you will like the Bobbie.
4	This Capriotti's is a very well run location. I never have any issues whatsoever. They are quick, courteous and professional. I love their cheesesteaks, but their turkey is also really good. Plus, they carry Wise chips! They are typically hard to find in this town, unless you go here or the Bagel Cafe. They are my favorite chips from back when I lived in New York. The honey barbecue are awesome! If you like Capriotti's, this is definitely a solid location.
5	Quick friendly service and the yummy sandwich creations!  My fave is the Bobbie!  It's thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich!!  Cold turkey slices served with mayo, stuffing and cranberry sauce. Delicious!!! Although it may be even better if the turkey and stuffing were served hot.  The smallest is a 9"!  It's a lot of sandwich!  You need to go hungry.
3	The staff took awhile to make my mushroom cheese steak so they gave me a brownie to make up for it.
4	Got the 20inch Sandwich. It was awesome, there was enough food for 3 people. Overall I would recommend this place as a good place to go for lunch. Service was also friendly.
5	In my experience Capriotti's is a five star sandwich place. As much as I could ask for in a sub/salad type place, good staff, good product. My go to is the Bobby, and it's amazing, but I've even branched out to try the salads and they were quite satisfying as well. I always highly recommend Capriotti's for lunch
4	Always fabulous!  My father in-law enjoyed his cheesesteak.
5	Great place, fast friendly service. Subs were great, cheese evenly distributed and meat seasoned well just the way a sub should be! Highly recommend coming here to get a bite eat!!
4	This was my first experience at a Caprio this and I must say it was a great one. I got their famous Bobby sandwich which is just like a thanksgiving dinner if you've never heard of it. It's reasonably priced for how good the sandwiches are.
3	Thanksgiving sandwich, AKA the Bobbie, is amazing: turkey day leftovers on a bun, taste totally hits the spot even when the holiday is months off. Service is quick and friendly, sandwich is made where you can see it. They seem to thrive in the location due to the nearby college. Add in that their sandwiches are well-priced: the small clocks in at just under $7.50.Criticisms: This location closes at 8PM, which makes sense if their only business is the college crowd but living nearby, I can't go nearly as often as I would if they were open a bit later.Chain's sandwiches start at a small, clocking in at 9". For the Bobbie, that's nearly 1000 calories, total overkill. Wish they had a size smaller than small, like a half-size called a mini. I only eat half at a time, anyway.
5	Excellent customer service at counter.didn't notice her name but she was an African-American girl. Sweetheart.Veggie Turkey Sandwich was the bomb. I have never had a bad sandwich at caps!
