5	You should get very excited right now because this place is AWESOME. I can't stop talking about it. The corn tortillas are really, really good. Maybe some of the best I have ever had. The al pastor taco is also very, very delicious and I have never had anything like it before. It is authentic, but relate able for those who have mostly a tex-mex cuisine in the past. The staff could not be nicer and the place is cozy and cute. It is worth the drive. Oh, did I mention it is crazy affordable?Get there, really, hurry up. You won't be sorry.
2	Little Mexican place run by some nice Mexican nationals.  Very friendly and good service. Food is authentic.  Small with only 9 tables and most only seat 2 people.  Place was crowded.  Some chips and salsa arrived immediately and they were good.  Had a Eggs and Chorizo Burrito,  the tortilla shell was good with a nice soft texture but the chorizo with egg had an odd taste..not a chorizo taste.  Guess I should have tried something else.Oh the name is actually Mendoza Express, not sure why Yelp has Mendoza Abraham.  Added website and set note to Yelp about incorrect name, hopefully it will be changed.
5	Our favorite local spot.  Very good authentic Mexican with outstanding service.  Family owned and run by a local family.  We have been there numerous times-as well as getting takeout frequently, and they have never disappointed.
5	I need a regular dose of Mendoza Express in my life. It helps that I work less than a mile away from the restaurant. I don't know what authentic Mexican food is, but this food here is dee-lee-shus! I love the tacos here and love how simple they are. Their veggie dishes are very flavorful, I do not miss meat in my veggie meals here at all. There is no fake this and that in them, just plain ole vegetables. My fave is the eggs and chorizo dish. I think you can also get that in a burrito, but I like the version that resembles scrambled eggs. The service is quick and friendly. The man at the counter is super nice and helpful. If you are ever in the Greentree-Crafton-Carnegie area, stop by!
5	We accidently found this place while sitting in traffic and starving. I have to say, they have the best soft corn tacos around! We always order the Al Pastor tacos and they are ALWAYS AMAZING! For under $7, you get a basket of chips with salsa, three soft corn tortillas al pastor tacos, rice, hot sauce and great service! Their flan is also homemade and very, very good!
3	This place was pretty good, but not incredible. I would recommend the Al Pastor tacos as they were quite flavorful and came with pineapple! The chicken tacos were bland and unremarkable. Unfortunately, the tacos were only served with a single corn tortilla which fell apart quickly.This is better Mexican food than many places around Pittsburgh, but only in the middle of my range. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again, but would probably try it again if I was driving by.
3	I am from southern Orange County, so I might be a little bias. The decor and ambiance of the place is pretty fun, but the place is a tight squeeze. I was there for a quick lunch and ordered the Al Pastor tacos. It came with three tacos and rice for 6.50, no complaints on price. The tacos were yummy, just wished they used fresh pineapple instead of canned. Secondly the rice was a little hard, as if it were oldish or stale, but good flavor. I was there during lunch and the place only has about 9 tables. They were considerably busy and I felt like they were trying to rush myself and other customers out. Overall all pretty good considering price. I would give it a shot if in the area.
4	Driving passed the place you may think it looks sort of sketchy, but believe me, it's so worth. If you like authentic Mexican food, this is the place for you. Not may places like this exist in the 'Burgh (the last I remember was Taco Loco in the South Side, which is now closed) so it's worth the drive. The menu is huge and not too pricey either. Always check for the lunch specials as well because you can find some good deals. Another plus is the free chips before/during your meal. The exterior isn't anything special, and definitely reflects what you see on the outside. To be honest, it sort of looks like they just transformed a house into a restaurant. However, I think that's how the place gets its charm.
1	Now usually the rating of a restaurant can be measured by how many police officers frequent a place. By those standards, you would think that Mendoza would be the best of the best as it is always swarming with officers sitting at their tables. Not even close in this case.This has to be the worst meal I've ever had in Pitt. The chicken was most certainly from a can and was very bland. The corn tortillas didn't even make it to the table before they had disintegrated. I am 93% positive that my dish was microwaved and it all tasted very old. My fiance's wasn't much better, but at least his flour tortillas stayed tortillas and didn't become mush. Now I am a huge fan of Mexican food. I would come here nearly every day if it were good. Even though this place is two minutes from our house and my office, I will never be returning. I would not even say that it was subpar fare. I would much rather make the inconvenient drive to the Strip for Chicken Latino or to El Paso in Bridgeville when I need my taco/burrito fix.
4	This review is for the chorizio tacos because every time I go to Mendoza I vow to try something new and I always end up getting these. The chorizio is finely diced, well seasoned, and topped with fresh cilantro. There delicious and at $6.00 a great deal as well.The reason for the 4 star review versus 5 is the sides at Mendoza are middling. Certainly no reason not to give it a try though as everyone I've taken here has always enjoyed their main course.
5	I can honestly say that Pittsburgh isn't a great place for Mexican Food, but Mendoza Express is the best place for Mexican Food in Pittsburgh. Try the al Pastor it's the best.
5	My husband and I eat here somewhat often, never have had a complaint. We usually end up ordering for a few people, which makes the order quite large, and they never get anything wrong. Everything is always fresh and delicious, best Mexican I have had in Pittsburgh. I am from the Louisiana, we have authentic Mexican on every other street, and this is definitely the best, authentic Mexican I've had here. Nice portions too! People who don't like the rice there probably aren't used to how it's supposed to be made. delicious!
4	Restaurant has So much character.
5	Mendozas is great! It may not be the best mexican food in the world, or even the city, but it is authentic and quick and great for a lunch out from the office. The chorizo tacos are awesome.Its super tiny and a little cramped but it has charm and the owner is great.
1	Where to start is the real question. How about service first then the food.I walked in well after the lunch rush and was told by a guy wearing a hair net to sit at the table he was pointing at and that he would get to me in several minutes. Ok, he was stressed but the tables were not even half occupied. A younger guy came and asked if I was ready to order.  I said I needed a minute but asked if they fry their own taco shells or if they come ready made. He assured me they fried their own. After several minutes the guy with the hair net came and I ordered a #5 combo but I wanted a cheese enchilada instead of a chicken enchilada. He said that they were "very busy so no.......... Ok, this time". Really? Way to make me feel like an appreciated customer. Well, the food came out and the mediocre service also ended too. A bill was plopped down on my table and when I paid I asked for a soda refill. There is a sign on their counter stating that customers get one free refill and are charged for all further refills. The guy with the hair net filled the cup up about half way and set it back on the table. A fitting end for the poor service I experienced today.Now for the food. I am a first generation American who grew up in Arizona eating Mexican food prepared by a Mexican parent. Nothing served today resembled anything authentic other than the frijoles (beans). The taco shell was NOT freshly fried as promised. It came from a factory just like Taco Bell. They took it out of the package and filled it with ground beef. No ground beef taco's in Mexico. The chile reyeno was covered in some kind of marinara type sauce, once again not authentic. The rice was bland and the coveted cheese enchilada was discovered underneath the bland rice.  I left both disappointed in the food and the service but am more perplexed at why anybody would return after the service I experienced.
1	Ok so I gave in and tried again, just because this place is so darn convenient for their location! Still sucked. Pretty sure I chipped my tooth on a piece of rice (not kidding)  I give up officially.
5	Fantastic and authentic.   If you love real Mexican food, this may be the best kept secret in Pittsburgh.  May seat only 20 people total. Get here early for lunch !
5	Great authentic Mexican food. Traditional atmosphere. Friendly employees and go od prices. Best local Mexican place, in my opinion! Looks like a hole in the wall, but it is clean and great.
2	Food took a very long time to arrive and tasted like it was straight out of a can or jar.  Maybe they had trouble finding the can opener.  The colorful decor and low prices are the only things this place has going for it.
