5	It's a pool bar! You can't go wrong when you mix a pool, margaritas, friends and food in Scottsdale- you just can't! Loved the look of this place, it's very large and they do have a restaurant side as well as the awesome cantina side. The cantina side has a resort-like pool area, large bar, cabanas, several tables and outdoor seating. Granted, our unpleasant waitress seemed to hate the world, but other than that, very cool spot.  Decent tacos, pretty good Cadillac Margaritas, and really good Micheladas (bloody-beer as the gringos refer to them). I very much look forward to spending many hot Arizona summer days and nights here! El Santo, you got yourself a new regular.Tip- OMG try the ceviche! You cant beat this deal, good quality & it's only 5 bucks. HH is M-F till 7pm.Tip- shoutout to our awesome bartender Maddy! (sorry if I spelled that wrong)
5	I'm going to give El Santo the big five star review. This place is quite a scene!From the folks that bought us Spanish Fly in Old Town, this takes the concept upscale in an area of town the could only attract an older crowd. If you're just there for lunch or dinner, there's a nice dining room with music playing and a nice atmosphere. Beyond that, there's a bar with a stage and dance floor for bands, along with  a bunch of TVs and a pool table. From the bar, you can see outside to the pool and patio. It's a big pool with a lot of seating and several private cabanas. There's even a DJ stage outside and the music is bumpin'.The staff is a bunch of really hot young chicks in bikinis. My colleague and I had a table in the bar. Our waitress mentioned that it was her first day, but she also worked ad Spanish Fly and knew how how to take care of us properly. The food is straight Mexican. Both of us love our meals. It's obvious that there's a real chef in the back; this isn't bar food. El Santo isn't for everyone. I wouldn't hesitate to have lunch there anytime, but I'm not into the bar scene, so you won't find me in the pool or hanging around at night.
3	Went in for lunch with a sales guy around 11:15.  2 for 1 drinks starting at noon supposedly, but our server gave us 2 when we ordered 1. No complaints there. I had been here for the opening, which was pure chaos, but it was free, so I can't complain that much. We got in, sat outside, where they have to scan your ID and make you sign a waiver in case you drunkenly, or due to inner ear malfunction, fall in the pool, they are not liable. We ordered chips and salsa, which were not impressive.  I ordered the number 4 which seemed like it was going to be a lot of food, but was just about the right amount of food for lunch. Service was good until the end of the meal, our server got seated with a table of 7, or so she kept saying, and we sat for 12 minutes waiting to get our check with the credit card on the table. I think this is more of a place for people watching, and I think there were a lot of people filtering in for that same reason. Food is eh, portions are small, and prices are high. Welcome to North Scottsdale.
5	Went there last Sunday at noon and stayed until 7. This is like one of those Vegas pool parties, but slightly tamer and you don't get near strip-searched before going in. There were about 20% N Scottsdale folk and the rest were younger, but it was all cool. First come first serve on the lounges and you pay for a cabana. If you need some incentive to keep that diet going, just go here. If you are in awesome shape and have a significant other who's 'letting themselves go', just go here.If you are overweight and want to hang out near the pool , you will certainly be shamed into keeping that shirt on until you get yo' food/exercise act together!(some people may be offended by the above, but it is what it is!)It looks like the same people who one would see at Mint frequent this place, but everyone was nice and we had some good times, even though we're a little older than the 20-somethings.There's an inside/outside area of the bar that is open, i.e. no doors, it's just an overhang. There's 1 pool table in the bar area.Bartenders were great (thanks Brewer!), and when he was busy the other gals really stepped in (thanks Patty!). Later in the afternoon the DJ played, who was awesome, and the music was moderately loud, but not obnoxiously so loud you couldn't ever hear yourself think (like they do at Dirty Dogg)The bouncers were very nice, and even chatted with us as we were walking in, which was refreshing. Sure they checked our licenses by scanning them , but whatever, they've been doing that in Seattle for quite a few years now.I had a quesadilla which was awesome, (no I didn't go home and weigh the thing), and all drinks were great. Expect only Mexican and American beer here but what did you expect? We didn't go during happy hour, which is 1/2 off drinks, so it was just as pricy as other places, but for some reason I didn't seem to mind that here !Bottom line, it's a great place and the staff were excellent!
3	Beautiful setting, lots of fun...salsa and chips are terrible (they should contact the old BArrio Cantina/Narcisse owners for their chips and salsa recipe) , salmon kabobs were great, 2 for one drinks during the week, food is way over priced, overall because its such a fun lively place Id go back.
5	I'll give it 5 stars. Parking is a little iffy, but maybe because its still so new. Valet was almost our only option, til we spotted a business lot without any restricted parking signs, accross the street. All drinks were 2 for 1, til 7 along with 1/2 off apps. Service was decent. The atmosphere was cool and spacious. I could hear a live band coming from the pool area. I did not explore the pool area this time, but from a distance it was looking pretty popularWorth checking out and worth a 2nd visit, if not more!
3	Must be attractive or think you are to go here. They charge a lot of money for cabanas on the weekends, but my friend and I went here late on a Friday night. After waiting a bit our sever wearing only a bikini stopped by. She was very friendly and chatty, but not in an annoying way. So, a house well is $9 and comes in a plastic cup because they probably don't want glass around the pool.So, we came and went. Not my scene.
1	So...I work in the club industry as a General Manager of another Scottsdale spot I have been in the Bar, Club and Entertainment scene for 18 years. I would expect more from the management at this place....to say the least the Manager Jeff at this place pretty much needs to take a step back in time and remember that we are in the hospitality industry. So for the most part I have heard good things about this place that it was the new hot spot up north. Bigger then Spanish Fly and set up right. Well this Sunday me and some friends decided we would check it out and decided we would get a cabana there now granted it was not under my name but it was me and my friends plan to go there and who ever got there first was going to get it.My friends got there first. So I show up alone in casual dress some basketball shorts and a golf shirt and some nikes...on my way in I get stopped at the door, the bouncer explains to me I can not wear basketball shorts, I explained that me and my friends were getting a Cabana by the pool they were already inside and that I had no plan on hitting the pool with basketball shorts. I mean this is a Cantina Patio Bar & Restaurant right??? He still says he can't let me in. So then I pull the industry card, and explain that I am the G.M. of a club in Old Town Scottsdale and even though we have a dress code exceptions can be made usually for celebrities or for VIP's. I would consider myself a VIP...since I work the scene I don't go out much but when I do I usually spend money...case in point last tab at El Hefe $200. The Mint $450. So it's not like I am a one or two drink type of customer I will usually buy a bottle or two.  I had already explained that I had a Cabana with friends waiting inside so one would assume that I am there to spend money.So the bouncer says let me call the Manager Jeff. Who comes up and says pretty much the same thing and that if he were to make an exception for me someone would surely complain and it would not be fair and pretty soon everyone would be coming in out of dress code.Hello... It's a POOL BAR...dress code...really I can go shirtless...but my shorts are a problem...really??! Good thing I wasn't hungry...I am assuming you must need to wear a suit jacket to sit down in the restaurant.So to make a long story short, I went over to Kierland spent $75 on shorts at Tommy Bahama and went back and got let in.I went in to check it out and meet my friends. Service sucked...had three different people walk by me at the bar when I first walked in before some nice girl finally saw that I had been waiting at least 10 minutes for a drink.  $8 for a Margarita in a 10oz plastic cup....really $8! Ridiculous!!! Then I made my way over to the Cabana my friends were at.  To say the least they explained the Cabana was $300 bucks which seemed descent but after they heard what happened to me. They pretty much all said f*** this place and we packed up all our stuff and left. They had already spent about $160. We probably would have popped some bottles, I know I had planned on that before I got there. And we would of made a go of the place but the manager Jeff dropped the ball on this experience.This is the hospitality industry buddy!!! To say the least I can guarantee you I will not be back to this location... in fact I would like to say I am boycotting all Old Town Group businesses but unfortunately I love sushi at Stingray Biltmore to much to do this. At least they got it right there! Hospitality!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Very cool spot. I mean who doesn't like sitting by the pool, listening to great music, sipping on some drinks with some fabulous friends? Plus the people watching alone was worth it. Oh and don't let me forget about the $10 unlimited mimosa special they have on Saturdays from either 10-2 or 11-2. Either way it is worth. However, if you want the best damn pina colada ever, get one from here. They coat the rim of the glass with honey and roasted coconut and they are strong! Wow! Momma likes!!! This will be a definite go to spot throughout the summer.A few tips -First the bathrooms are really dark so ladies be careful if going in alone.Second - get there early or you will be SOL. It cost a nice penny to sit on the chairs that have an umbrella. ( I believe someone told me it was $300 for the Cabana and like $150 for the chairs with the umbrella. Are you kidding me?)Third- Do not bring your drink in the pool unless you are sitting poolside. They frown upon that as they don't want pina colada and beer floating in the water ( I can see that)Otherwise its a good spot!
4	From those who brought you Spanish Fly, here's the improved Spanish Fly in north Scottsdale.  They did a great job remodeling the old Jilly's and turning it into a beautiful place to drink.  The inside is very large with televisions, a dance floor, and multiple bars.  The outside boasts a large pool with waterfall, multiple bars, plenty of loungers and cabanas, and a pool table.  If you're a fan of people watching, come here on the weekend.  You'll find wasted 20 somethings sunbathing in teeny bikinis and 50 somethings swimming laps to show they still have vitality.We came here on opening day to have weak drinks, our food order wrong, and a wait of 30 minutes for our tab after we asked for it.  It was opening day, everyone was friendly, and the place is so aesthetically pleasing that we chose to give it another try a few weeks later.  It had very much improved and I had a great time.  The drinks were not weak this time.  The food was delicious and came out as ordered. The only suggestion I have is to install another light in the ladies' room.  It is pitch black in the first stall and you have to use the light on your cell phone to find the seat.  I hope this place is able to last while so many others fail.  It's a really cool place.
4	Not too shabby, I guess I overdressed for the happy hour. Not bad happy hour prices. Service was nice but a little slow, but then again, the place wasn't all that happening.
4	This place has an enormous amount of potential once the word gets out! The pool area is huge with a gorgeous cascading waterfall.... They play a good mix of house and hip hop. The drinks are fabulous and the bartenders are equally delicious!
3	It's better than Spanish fly because it has more pool chairs, but the ground it way to hot to walk on. Drinks are good but pricey. Either valet or plan on parking down the street as they don't have many spots.
3	Very cool spot if you're looking for a pool/bar/restaurant. Wasn't there to sit outside in 105 degrees, so me and the girls sat at the inside bar for HH. Although the bartender was a nice enough girl, she was definitely not the best in terms of spot-on customer service. I was seated for at least 8 minutes (joined girls already drinking) before I asked if she was able to take my drink order. Oh, but wait...may I see the drink menu first??!! The "politely" put me off and said one second. Mmmmm! The HH is basically all day until 7pm. I had the El Escobar run drink. So their cocktail HH means buy one-get one free. Escobar was deeeelish and had a nice kick. I noshed on the Desert Tosdada app. This app is definitely for the pork fan (ME!). Its got both pulled pork AND seared pork belly on top. Frickin awesome. There are 3 and were perfect for a small meal. But greedy me also ordered the Green Chili / Oaxaca cheese quesadilla. Topped with arugula, this app was also pretty darn good. HH apps are 1/2 off so can't beat that! Service: 1.5 starsFood: 3.5 stars (the pork belly tostadas are innovative)
4	El Santo is a big pool party in North Scottsdale!  I went there with a few friends on a Saturday and the place was packed around the pool.  Most of the people at the pool were in their 20's and 30's and were there to be seen (typical Scottsdale folk).   Venue - I was impressed by how nice this place is, the owner's put a lot of $$$ remodeling the old Jilly's.
5	Wonderful Patio and Service!! I love the atmosphere and food!
3	Don't have a pool? No problem -- you can still flaunt your goodies and ogle bikini-clad strangers any time you want at El Santo, a newly opened cantina and lounge near Scottsdale Quarter that features a Mexican food menu and a public pool adjacent to a massive outdoor bar, along with another bar inside and a full restaurant.There's no cover to swim it up at El Santo, a joint conceived by the same people who brought the Valley fellow hot spots Stingray Sushi, Geisha A Go Go and Spanish Fly. I like the concept, since in the hot Valley weather, it's nice to cool down by water whenever you can, even when you don't live near a pool yourself. But the pool is probably the only reason I'd come back here -- when I had a preview lunch at El Santo, the food left me underwhelmed and wishing the patio outside had already been opened.I started with an Avocado Carpaccio salad ($7), which appeared to be one single small avocado sliced thinly and drizzled with a little bit of vinegar and topped with a couple onion and jalapeno slices. It was such a simple, safe dish, and I couldn't believe it cost $7-I could have made it myself at home for maybe $1.25.My companion got the El Santo Lobster Flautas ($15), which resembled egg rolls and which he said tasted like mediocre taquitos. They were another really expensive dish that didn't seem worth the price.I ordered cheese enchiladas ($12), which were off the menu since the only enchiladas they offer had meat in them. There weren't many vegetarian menu items available at all, save for some veggie tacos, and I was disappointed that although the enchiladas came out on a skillet, they were lukewarm and chewy -- they reminded me of ones I'd had at Sand Bar, but only more expensive and without sides of rice and beans for the $12 price tag. I did like the chips and salsa, but they weren't spectacular enough to save my meal.My pal got the Slow-roasted Carnitas Burrito ($11), which he said was alright tasting but was also not piping hot. I know it was a preview lunch, but the food temperature at El Santo was a red flag for me.Dining in the restaurant area itself was a little odd, since there were some bar stool table set-ups in corners that faced walls, as well as seating surrounding giant columns that allowed you to see the people directly next to you and not much else. Below, find some pics from inside the restaurant.The patio bar and pool area, as well as the adjacent indoor bar connecting the pool to the restaurant, are places I'd rather hang out at, and I can see them filling up on nights and weekends. Just stick to the cocktails if you go.
4	Cool place! Same owners/concept as Spanish fly but this place is way better. Bigger pool, slightly older crowd(mid-late twenties and early thirties), and way more lounge chair seating. The food was awesome-shrimp ceviche was yummy and refreshing for only 5 bucks during happy hour. Drinks are buy one get one free for hh so got two pina coladas for 9 bucks. Friday around 5pm it was surprisingly uncrowded, quite a few empty lounge chairs by pool. Will return for another Friday happy hour for sure
4	We went for a Monday night happy hour just to check the place out without hoards of people around.  It's a beautiful set-up - classy, comfortable furniture, pool with cabanas for rent as well as plenty of free seating with lounge chairs and pool tables inside.  We had 3 appetizers and loved them all (shrimp ceviche, carnitas tacos and chicken quesadilla) - quality and quantity were great for happy hour food.  Drinks were just ok - they were 2 for 1 and filled up to the rim with ice.  It's built as a party place for sure, but early in the week could be a nice atmosphere to relax poolside during Happy Hour!
4	Can't go wrong with a restaurant/bar with a huge pool... pool was very clean and so refreshing. The wait staff was nice too... perhaps a little slow at some times but hey, we were enjoying a relaxing evening by the pool so we didn't even mind. The happy hour deals are good and it lasts from 3-7. Didn't have much of the food so I'll have to update my review next time when I get a chance to go back. We went on a week night so it wasn't very crowded but I can see how this place can get busy on Friday and Saturday.
1	Definitely not impressed with this place ..... the food is terrible for the prices.  The drinks were tasty but $10/margarita gets old pretty quickly.  Four of us went for dinner and drinks on a Saturday evening, before it got busy.  We went into the main bar area and actually had to move before we got our food because there were about 20 flies just attacking our area -- it was pretty disgusting thinking that we were going to try to eat there.  We moved into the main restaurant where we were definitely happier - lower music so we could actually hear each other at dinner and no flies but the food was not good.  We started with the steak kabob appetizer and it was literally inedible - absolutely disgusting and way too rubbery.  None of us were impressed with our meals and we ended up leaving after dinner to go to TGI Fridays so we could actually eat
5	Hidden close to the Scottsdale Quarter, El Santo is a real gem and has a ton more to offer than just the pool parties!  My wife and I (late 30's) have been for drinks and dinner three time over the past 2 months and absolutely love the place for it's great food, sexy vibe and outstanding service. The interior has two enormous bars, a large dining area a couple pool tables, elegant lighting and rich design. Given the atmosphere, I assumed it would be a Hooters re-run and that service would be horrible.  Our bikini clad waitresses were genuinely friendly, attentive and offered great service.  As a Mexican food snob, I was surprised at the quality and reasonable prices for both apps and full meals.  Nothing fancy, but better than 90% of Mexican I've ever had.  Drinks are not off the charts expensive with beers going for ($4-5)I'm writing this because we've been on both Friday and Saturday night and couldn't believe that the place was not packed.  Given the sign is not visible from Scottsdale Rd there's got to be more promotion!
2	Headed over for lunch this week.  The place looked awesome - that's where the awesomeness ended though.  It was like a bunch of kids got together in a really cool clubhouse and decided to play restaurant. It boggles my mind to think that investors spend millions to renovate a place and then allow incompetent or incapable management (that was not seen once during the visit) to kill that vibe and their profit potential.  Staff was completely disorganized and nobody seemed to know what their job was.  Service suffered miserably.  Waitress kept disappearing, acted annoyed when we asked for some chips and salsa after being seated and then abandoned for 10 minutes.  Then we got our drinks from the "too cool for school in my killer shades I'm wearing inside" bartender who had no idea what she was doing.  The cup was completely filled with ice (think overflowing over the rim type full) so I emptied it in like 3 sips. I also saw her make a cocktail by pouring directly from an open bottle (no pourer, no jigger, no measure really at all, just winging it like a hobo from big bottle and when I watched the patron drink it, he squinted his eyes out of reflex and made a sour face.  Oh and he had to send his wife to the bar to retrieve the drink in the first place...) My drink sat on the table empty with no less than 3 trips past our table by each of the following: our waitress, the bartender, the hostess and the barback walking by but instead of checking our table looked everywhere else.  Everybody seemed to be doing everybody else's job.  The hostess would seat people and then the waitress would ask her to bring tables chips and salsa.  The bartender would disappear to retrieve cases of beer.  The barback was delivering orders to tables.  They all seemed to want to re-clean an empty table no less than 4 times... Our waitress disappeared several times for at least 10 minutes.  Funny thing is that they weren't very busy.  Ok, it isn't very funny but is pretty piss poor service.  We drank a couple drinks and finally got the chips and salsa which were not even offered to be refilled.  Things got worse after the nearly hour went by and we finally got our food.  The waitress explained there was some "mishap" in the kitchen and that my order had been forgotten in the oven by the chef.  I can only imagine that it caught fire in the oven and started smoking before someone pulled their head out of their ass and realized it.  At any rate, she already had another one ready that she brought out with her explaination and the pork was decent, the only problem was I ordered chicken and really don't care for pork.  MuthaF#@#$%!  At this point we were a good hour plus into lunch and I dared not ask them to correct it.  Waiting for our check was just as painfully slow but we were not alone there as I noted the other table (that had to get their drink earlier) had their check with bank card sticking out for visibility.  The glances we made to each other said it all - wonder if anyone would notice if we just up and left...  Finally got our check and had to wait another 10 minutes to pay, even though there was only a few tables seated at this point.
5	This place is AWESOME! Very fun atmosphere! A large group of us went here for my birthday. Brian the manager was super nice & hooked us up with a cabana for free. The pool area was great and the food was really good. All the drinks were buy 1 get 1 and the margaritas were EXCELLENT! We all will defiantly be back!
5	Big pool party. What more do you want women can tan and men can watch football. Win win for all.
2	This review is for the evening. Came here on a Saturday night after the polo tournament and felt this place was trying to be Hollywood unsuccessfully. It's pretty with cabanas and a pool (hence the 2nd star). Unfortunately the crowd was really odd with a lot of older men and cougars dancing to house music like it's 1981. I ordered a mojito from a male bartender and it was rudely served to me as one of the worst drinks I have ever tasted. There was a fashion show going on to benefit breast cancer but unfortunately they didn't promote it correctly. Nobody understood what was going on and there were absolutely no announcements. Maybe the clothes were for sale? No idea. The cocktail servers also were in pink attire but took it a little far with pink tutus and "save second base" tees.Upside to this place, the staff who work the door are friendly and the place is pretty with cabanas and a pool. Maybe I'll come here again during the day to see if it redeems itself. In the meantime I suggest they find new bartenders. STAT!
5	Really cool place in North Scottsdale!  Amazing atmosphere, friendly bartenders, and 2 for 1 happy hour drink specials...not bad!
3	Got pulled back into El Santo by friends hosting events, and can say some things have improved, thankfully.  Still not great service or food, but both were much better organized and attentive.  Management still is a bit immature, but at least the servers and kitchen staff are showing some professionalism.  Still a few missed opportunities to fill another round for the table,  but overall much better.  Upping to 3 stars.
4	Great food and nice atmosphere.
3	I always forget this bar is here. It's in such a no-mans land, tucked away in the Scottsdale Airpark. The two or three times I've been here have been totally just.. Ok. I've only been for drinks and once i ordered some mildly disappointing nachos. I also don't understand the appeal of having a swimming pool at a bar. What do I do with it? Toss the dregs of my drink in it? Wash my feet in it? Push a Scottsdale d-bag in it? Cuz God knows I ain't gunna go swimming in it. For serious. I have no problem returning to this bar, but never on a weekend. I prefer things to be more calm and quiet, and that is totally not that case on the weekends. Beware the DJ and the primped and preening Scottsdale "elite" or whatever they are.
5	We went for happy hour and to check out the place. WOW! Cool that we felt that we were at a small resort. They had live music playing during happy hour and its not even season yet!Selected food and all drinks are half off during HH. Thats one of the best deals in the valley, BAR NONE. Their wine list is decent enough althoug its really built on CA wines that everybody can buy in the grocery stores. But at least they are drinkable (compared to other bars). My husband liked the beer selection though.Will be back, and for sure when the weather is nicer so we can see what the pool is really used for!
3	I'll give them 3stars because there is so much potential, but it was really just okay.  I'll start with what I liked: The Aqua Roja, a very yummy raspberry mixed drink. Also liked the style of the style and decor of the restaurant. Now for the average part of the experience: the food, the service, and atmosphere. There were about 10 customers in the whole place. Granted, it was the coldest night I think we've had all year, but it was a Saturday night and there was an NFL pllayoff game on. Anyway, I think this place is a victim of a bad location. They are too far from Scottsdale road and in a business area with no residential close by. Good luck to El Santo though because I really wanted to like it more. I love their ads with the little Chichuchua.
5	So much fun! There is nothing like a bar with a full size pool to lounge around.
4	This is another huge bar/restaurant with a giant patio that includes cabanas and a pool element Vegas style. Last night the pool and patio were devoid of most people and I was in a special room off to the side called the Mango room. This area has a separate bar and is less crowded than the main area. Kitchen closed at 10:30pm, so I didn't get to try the overpriced tacos and burrito's ($11 for the cheapest). It is easy to park since the place has it's own lot and if you get bored look for the blonde bartender with long platinum hair - very easily the best looking bartender I can recall in years slinging drinks.
4	Very unusual place. Most bars and nightclubs don't have a pool. Honestly I don't see this place surviving long term given its location.  Large menu. Good Happy Hour prices on food and drinks.  Food was just average.  Hot waitresses, typical for Scottsdale.  Almost more like hanging out at a resort pool than a bar/restaurant.
4	Went on Friday during Happy Hour. 2 for 1 drinks from 3-7. In addition to the drink specials, there also is a Happy Hour food menu. A DJ was spinning tunes, followed by a band at 7 PM. Good mix of people. Fun place to go.
4	My husband and I come here at least once a month to unwind.  If you sit inside when they open up all the sliders and enjoy the breeze (when there is one) you can almost pretend you are in San Diego at the beach.  We always have the same girl serve us and she is so sweet.I'm super picky about my drinks, so I've had a hard time finding a cocktail that I like.  I don't play into the whole "Skinny blah blah blah" so when I order a margarita or mojito, I expect to get the calories.  The food is decent.  They have more seafood items than anything and I don't eat seafood.Honestly, El Santo is retro- cool.  I am immediately sent to relaxation mode when I get here.  Better than a massage!  That's why they get 4 stars (and for the server!).  I just think they need to work on their drink recipes.Also, their happy hour is awesome.  The location isn't that bad.
3	I think El Santo has a lot of potential.  It's the slightly more mature cousin of Spanish Fly, in Old Town.  It's set up well with a large pool, cabanas, and plenty of areas to lounge around and walk.  The DJ plays a good mix, and I'm pretty sure this is where most of the old Barcelona crowd ended up, emphasis on the old.  I had a cabana here for my birthday, with a complimentary bottle of champagne, which was nice.  Unfortunately the female servers couldn't seem to get it together.  It took more than 30 minutes to get the bottle, even though it was not even close to being busy that night.  They did a terrible job of coming back to get us more drinks.  Eventually we were forced to wander to the closest bar to serve ourselves.  After that when the waitress showed up, we let her know that we were walking around from time to time, but still wanted to keep the cabana.  Next time we got up, they cleared out all our stuff, and then looked genuinely surprised when I asked them about it.  Wonder why you didn't get a good tip that night, girls?I understand why places like this hire pretty girls, but if they can't bring me my drinks, or follow simple instructions, then they're useless to me.  If they got some girls in there who had a clue, this place could really be great.
4	Stopped by the first afternoon we were in Scottsdale for snacks and beverages on the recommendation from our hotel staff.  The beer was cold and the happy hour half priced apps made it a cool place to spend an hour or so.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  I think the music can get a bit loud, not when we were there but driving by later in the evening there is a definite THUMP THUMP THUMP!  Overall, a youngish crowd but we would still return if we are in the area.
4	I've been here a few times now for all the fun EDM extravaganzas that they put forth. I'm pleased to say that I haven't been let down once. There aren't that many bars in North scottsdale that are actually worthy of bragging about. Its a bit of a hidden location, but hey. Who cares? There is a pool, cabanas and a young crowd entertaining crowd that fills the place with good times.  The only thing that kept this review from being 5 stars is that the bartenders jip you on drinks. I would like some alchohol with my little cup full of ice...Looking forward to Zeds Dead on the 8th.
4	Laid back. Love it! Great drinks and not mobbed if you go early during the week.
5	Love this spot... Always bringing parties here for the EDM events. Reasonable on bottle prices and they are always throwing something into the mix when you get a daybed/cabana. Alex the cocktail waitress is amazing as well!
4	Came here for happy hour to try out the place.  I think your experience at this place will be based on how crowed it is.  I can see during peak times this place being not so great service wise.  That being said, we had a good time here, easily got a table near the bar and nice view of the pool outside.Had the Rib-eye skewers medium rare, and it actually came out medium rare with a nice spice level.  Cheese quesadilla was very tasty, simply prepared flour tortilla with cheese, but came out hot and nicely toasted.  Side of guacamole was tasty, though expensive extra ($3) for such a small amount.  White fish ceviche was just ok.  Nothing special.Drinks were tasty, though in plastic cups.  Not sure if that was because it was happy hour or normally like that because they have a pool.Service was friendly and very attentive by our server, Rachel.  Over all we had a nice time and even when the place was getting full in the bar area, it didn't seem too full.
3	El Santo can provide a few different experiences, all depending on the day that you go. Like I experienced yesterday, it was a fun and relaxed atmosphere. Go on a day or night where they've brought in an EDM producer or DJ, expect a wild and very impersonal experience - Personal only if you've bought a bottle of liquor. On these wild nights, expect tons of people, very little room to move around, and lots and lots of drunk fraternity-boy types. It's a bit of a turn off for me after experiencing this about a dozen times.Yesterday's experience though was pretty good. I'm leaving my rating off of yesterday and not all my other experiences. I was able to get a free cabana at the front door when I asked. The wait staff was very attentive. The margaritas were really tasty. The shrimp tacos were very good and the perfect amount of food for poolside service. I have a hard time rating this at 4 stars because I had a ton of fun, but it wasn't quite up to par with a stellar experience.One of these days I may re-rate based on the night life experience. I can tell you off the bat that it would be a star or two lower than my current rating, based on past experience. Again, if you're looking for a nice, chill atmosphere, go during a weekday or weekend when they do not have a big-name live act.
1	Terrible place.We visited with a group people. We had a good time in the resturaunt with Mo and after drinks we went in the back to play pool and chat. Eventually, a different, terrible blonde woman came back and complained that our group didn't leave a large enough tip. Our bill was $300 and the tip was $50. She was a major b**ch about it, too. Eventually, they told us to leave and the same awesome blonde woman called me a dick to my face on the way out. We checked our cards the next morning and they overchared our cards which is called fraud in most states.Stay away from this place.
1	Amateur operation. Horrible service. We were first to arrive this morning and not one of 10 employees would assist us when restaurant was otherwise empty. Hostess would not lead us to table or patio and table was filthy. My boyfriend and I laughed out loud and then walked out. Simply awful!
5	Great specials for Happy Hour, and a lots of choices for appetizers. I have only been there for those. The cheese crisp is tasty and the margarita that I had with it was awesome. Looking forward to the next. Also on Wednesday nights is Dream Dealer poker so you get a two fer. Great food and drinks and good times with some good poker people.
2	meh. came here for a quick work lunch which turned into a bit longer than we really liked work lunch. no one was manning the hostess station so we had to find someone and ask if we could seat ourselves. after sitting for about 10 min someone finally came around and brought us menus and took our drink order. i noticed that there were only two people working the whole place (bartender and waitress) and that communication with each other was not exactly their forte. yes, i ordered a burger (guacamole, no bun, no cheese) at the mexican place. dont shoot me for it. i just didnt feel like a food coma this afternoon would make me exceptionally productive. it was just ok. wasn't a huge fan of the fries.overall a lackluster lunch that didnt impress. i still dont really understand why it was recommended by someone from work. never trusting them again.
5	I love this bar! Bartender was very friendly and attentive.  Plenty of room to lounge and a large clean pool. Best happy hour margarita I have ever had. Classy decor. I hope this place sticks around!
5	Love! Love! Love daydrinking here. Atmosphere is chill and the food and drinks are awesome!
1	El Santo now closed as of May 16th. Pool is drained and no further business according to Maricopa Health Commission.
4	I travel for a living, every time I land in Scottsdale I have to make a run there. Unfortunately, Sad to say, as of May 16, El Santo is closed for good. My work partner and I pulled up this afternoon to see all sorts of government notices on the doors and an electronic padlock. : (
4	Flew out from LA to catch Bingo Players here back in April of 2012. Never thought it would be the last time I'd see both of them spin together :/ Environment was great! Drinks weren't overpriced. I love seeing DJs on a personal level and this club/restaurant gave you just that! Surprised to see that it's closed now. Maybe it'll reopen in the summer. Rattle on Paul! We know you're watching down on us all!
