4	This is a bakery on Brookline Blvd is a favorite of mine. Every childhood birthday cake has come from here and I have memories of stopping here for doughnuts after church. All the baked goods are delicious and sure to please any sweet tooth!The owners are super friendly. Support local businesses!
5	I was looking in Pittsburgh for a cuban rum cake... so after looking in different bakeries... I called the party cake shop and they have an italian rum cake... so I asked them that if they could make some changes, and they did.. the cake was delicious vanilla rum cake and white buttercream, pretty close to the cake that we love from Coral Gables Florida :) and the ladies very sweet they helped me to take the cake to the car because I had to babies with me... thank you so much.
3	Had a delicious lemon curd paczki and another raspberry jelly paczki (great taste but the sugar content of the filling was a little overwhelming). I recommend the lemon curd. Friendly counter staff.
4	Love this bakery! It is my favorite in Brookline and always has delightful treats and wonderful staff. Just recently bought a King Cake for Fat Tuesday, and it was by far the best I've ever had and very affordable.Stop by for snack!
1	If this place is affiliated with the bakery of the same name on Beverly Rd. in Mt. Lebanon, steer clear.  Bought 5 pastries today after I managed to drag the clerk away from her socializing and the one I tasted was so stale, I took a closer look at the others. They had all be dropped quickly in a too big box with no waxed paper in between them so they had fallen over.  The icing was not damaged though as they were so stale they were hard.  I had my husband take a bite out of one and he confirmed it was bad.  We broke the others in half just to determine if any were fresh. Nope. Tossed them all and went to Prantl's.
5	The burnt almond torte cake is amazing.  Way better than prantl's.  Better icing, better cake to icing to toast almond ratio.  My family has been getting this cake for almost every birthday or other occasion to happen for the last 6 years, since I moved to Brookline and discovered this place.Other cakes are always good.  I have seen better in the decorating department, but I'd rather have a delicious cake than beautiful decorations.  And the burnt almond cakes are always beautiful.  I can't attest to their pastries, and their cookies are just so-so.  Cakes are definitely their specialty.
5	I had a very unusual request for a birthday cake design involving photoshopped images.  The Party Cake Shop exceeded my expectations. I had no idea you could put pictures on a cake like that. I was expecting a recreation. The cake was a huge hit. Moreover, it was delicious. I got the marble with buttercream icing.
4	I can't speak to the actual store or service because I've never been there, but my office often gets donuts from here and I have to say, they are probably the most delicious donuts I've ever had. I probably should NOT eat them every time they are brought in, but luckily for my taste buds (unfortunately for my diet and health) I do. I always pick the chocolate iced boston creme. I'm not even a hug fan of the boston creme donuts normally, but there's something about this that's just so good! Someday I would definitely like to visit the actual store and try their cupcakes and cakes as well. If you want donuts though, get them here!
