5	Tonight, I cheated on Eliana's with Guanaquito. I still feel a bit guilty, as I've been with Eliana's for years, but when Guanaquito does it better in almost every way, how can you fault me? If you blink, you'll miss it- on McDowell, between the Gourmet House of Hong Kong and Arizona Endoscopy Services. You need to park in back, accessible from a driveway before you pass by the dully colored sign for Guanaquito.Like Eliana's, it's Salvadoran cuisine, but there are so many more options at Guanaquito. They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and based on tonight's sampling, Hubby and I will be back often to work our way through the menu. I had the ensalada drink and Hubby had the Horchata, which the waitress patiently explained was different from Mexican Horchata. It sure was- maybe it was the morrow seed that made it so unique. For his entree, Hubby had the equivalent of the sampler platter- a tamale (again, quite different from a Mexican tamale- softer and creamier), 2 pastales (meat pies) and 2 pupusas (stuffed, grilled tortillas). Guanaquito had a far greater variety of pupusas than Elaina's, and they were every bit as good. The one that I had that was most unique was made with cheese and loroco plant (which to me had an asparagus-y taste). Definitely delicious. At both Salvadoran places, we were served a bowl of cabbage salad, but at Eliana's we had never been told how to eat it. Guanaquito's was far less astringent and we were instructed to eat it with our pupusas. I was skeptical at first, but became quickly hooked. It did not overwhelm the taste of the pupusas, and added a nice crunch and zing. The only thing I found that Eliana's did better than Guanaquito was the flan. Guanaquito's texture was off, but the flavor was acceptable.I suppose I'm willing to share my new love with all of you- but be forewarned- she's a saucy mistress you'll be compelled to visit again and again. Oh- and she's cheap, too. Hubby and I got out of there for $24 (and that includes the extras I got to round out my leftovers for lunch tomorrow!).
4	Guanaquito's was a place my GF found out about through someone at work, and she dragged me along. I was skeptical, but optimistic. I have lived in Panama and Guatemala, and I was looking forward to some basic C.A. farmer food.I was not disappointed. My stewed chicken was excellent. We ordered an appetizer platter: starch as far as the eye could see. They even had yucitas (casava fries). In Panama, we joked  about yuca being the potato's drier, stringier cousin. But Guanaquito's yucitas brought back fond memories of the campo and drunken evenings sitting in Pio Pio in David. A mixed message for most, I'm sure, but for me it was all good.The staff was awesome, explaining for us gringos how to enjoy the fare. And we did enjoy. I'm looking forward to making my way back sometime soon.
4	I popped in quickly to see if they took debit the girl behind the counter looked at me blankly and then at her father at least I am assuming thats what he was. He answered for her that they do so I told them I would return. I was early in meeting Amanda B. and Kevin H. so I parked myself at a table. I speak Spanish, does it say that some where on my forehead??? People seem to just "KNOW" this for some reason. Even when I responded in English they continued to speak Spanish to me here. I finally gave in and went with it, the girl said "Ah so you do speak Spanish" like it was some sort of test. She was very polite she did not speak English though and I basically translated for everyone throughout the meal. I have not had El Salvadoran in a really long time so I don't really have anything to compare. I deducted a star because everything had pork bits in it except the salsa and tortillas. I would go again if I was in the area, next time I will clarify no meat when I order.Bean & Cheese Pupusa - awesome very good minus the porkChile Relleno - very good, totally different than Mex. on the inside it was stuffed full of pork, potato and carrots among other stuff it reminded me of a stew minus the liquid.Horchata - Fresh from scratch very very delicious and sweet sugar high achievedI would like to try the soups they looked good and a little pricey.Thanks to Kevin for getting the tip you and Amanda are wonderful company!
4	Argh! I just realized I never reviewed this place, and it's been a while since I've been there. So I shall have to rely on the lasting impressions.I had the plato tipico, which I think translates as, "giant plate heaped with fried deliciousness."  In fact, the pictures posted here are actual photo documentation of what I had, while dining with Brian G.The yucca fries were utterly divine -- crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, slightly sweet throughout. The pupusas, pure awesomness (and I've had my share, believe it or not). The empanadas, pretty tasty, but not mind-blowing. The tamale, I could have lived with out.Thank god it's not closer, of I'd eat there every day, and undo all my hard work at the gym.
5	I love the food here! I had some sort of delicious fried pancake stuffed with shredded meat & cheese. They were called Pupusas. I cant wait to go back  :P I'm seriously jonesing for some more of those meat pancakes.... I need more like now!
4	What can I say about Guanaquito that has not already been said? This place is fantastic! I have had two opportunities to try their Pupusa plate and it's just fantastic. The pupusas are cooked to a perfect crisp on the outside. The inside is warm with meat and cheese. Even the rice and beans are great. I will hold back on giving the 5 stars because I want to try other dishes besides the pupusas, but I feel that Guanaquito will earn my 5th star and my loyalty easily!
5	I love that this place is nearly unrecognizable from the street. And that you don't hear a word of english being spoken. You know you're in for good food at that point. I had papusas and a random sampler - and my favorite fried plantain with beans and sour cream. This was good - better than Eliana's yes - but both are pretty damn good. And i felt like this place was Phoenix - super seedy exterior, lots of espanol, and good food in a strip mall - Phoenix to a tee.
4	I came here based on reviews comparing it to Eliiana's, considering I had never even seen it (it's pretty well hidden). And my philosophy is, any place with papusa deserves a shot. Me & my BF went at around 7pm, and parked in the back. It felt a little creepy, but still...papusas are calling, so we entered. It's a no frills establishment, with a larger variety of foods and papusas than Eliana's. We shared the sampler (for comparisons) and some chicken leg entree...it really wasn't all that interesting. The sampler plate was pretty similar to Eliana's, but they give you more (for more money, of course). The papusas, however, were the bomb (do people still use that term? Bomb?). WAAAAY better than Eliana's. And I'm told the ensalda drink was WAAAAY better too, but that is not my cup 'o tea. The tortillas served with the main entree were a little dry, so I'm siding with Eliana's tortillas. Serves was friendly, but not quite the waitress type service you get from Eliana's. We ordered up front, and then sat down. Then the food was brought to us. So basically, I still like Eliana's more for their main dishes and tiny cup of chicken soup. But I'll come here for papusa lunches....many of them. Oh yeah!
5	A Salvadorean friend recommended this place to us when she found out that we love papusas. I got  a massive plate of those crispy, delicious goodies and an even more massive cup of horchata, which could have been a meal in itself. Our server was super-friendly and patient--it took us forever to decide. We left stuffed and satisfied.
5	The pupusas, yes, the pupusas are great. The loroco with cheese has become our favorite, But this past week, I strayed from our standard and tried the gallina soup with braised chicken and salad. All I can say is, "What the hell? Where has this been my whole life?" The soup is magical. Huge chunks of carrot, potato, and zucchini, with some thin noodles, and a savory broth with some mint leaves. I quickly abandoned the rest of my entree in favor of finishing the huge bowl of magic. It was the best soup I've had since coming to Phoenix 13 years ago. Good thing Hubby got sick this weekend- it gave me an excuse to go back and get some more. Being magical, you know it has serious healing properties. Here's where I learned that the Sopa de Gallina is chicken soup without the chicken meat and the Sopa de Pollo is the same thing but with the meat. Two huge Styrofoam cups to go with lemon wedges and 4 hot and fresh tortillas cost less than $6.00. I was stunned. The owner said it costs more with meat. Believe me, you won't miss it. Who knew that magic was so cheap? Hubby's fever is already down and he's feeling much better.
5	I have never eaten El Salvadorean food before!  I was looking for something different and saw the reviews!  I called a friend from El Salvador and he suggested the Pupusas with cheese!  THEY WERE YUMMY!!!  Its my new favorite food!!!  I will be back!  Thanks!
4	I went to Guanaquito Saturday afternoon to get some to go pupusas. We live within walking distance of the place, and honestly, from the front of the building facing McDowell it looks like nothing at all. I would see this place driving by and be like" How the hell does a restaurant survive there?". Thankfully, I ran along the place on Yelp! Wow. I can't believe I was not more daring before now. I got 4 pupusas to go for my husband and me. While waiting, I noticed that the place is very clean and reminds me a lot of some restaurants in Mexico (although not a Mexican restaurant). The man who took my order and money was very nice and he explained how to put the sauce and slaw on them if I so wished. I didn't like the sauce or slaw once I tasted them but, who cares, you don't need it. We got the pork and cheese pupusas and they were out of this world! So fresh and yummy. Two pupusas each was a nice little lunch along with a beer (at home). The place needs to get beer is the only thing lacking! We will be going back and it will be nice to be able to walk over!
4	3.5 stars rounded up.  Our first foray into Salvadoran cuisine.  Half the fun was working out what we wanted with our poor Spanish and the servers poor English.We weren't very hungry since we had been to Lo-Lo's just a short time before.  The plan was to share 2 entree's between the four of us at Lo-Lo's and then finish our dinner at Guanaquito.  Well, two plates  at Lo-Lo's and the four of us were nearly full.So we didn't order much at Guanaquito.  Four pupusas:  cheese, bean & cheese, pork and beef.  They were all very good.  I enjoyed the grilled flavor of the bread very much.  Having each bite with cabbage and some hot sauce was tasty indeed.We also tried some fried yucca.  It was OK but very much like thick cut french fries.
4	This was my first venture into Salvadoran cuisine, and what a great place to be exposed to it. This place is so authentic, they barely speak any English. Luckily, I was able to use my decent (although far from fluent) Spanish to ask what things were and get the waitress's recommendations. We had the plato tradicional appetizer, a platter of Salvadoran specialties - for $9, you get two pupusas (of your choice), two beef empenada-like things, three fried yucca things, and a chicken tamale. If you want a nice exposure to different Salvadoran dishes, I highly recommend this as a meal for one or a starter for two or three. The pupusas, especially, were fantastic. Next, we had some chicken dish with onions in a gravy-like sauce--also delicious--that came with a side of rice and beans (and a "salad" that was just some iceberg and tomato with a wedge of lime). The refried beans were some of the best I've had. And this whole dish cost $9, if I remember correctly. I highly recommend Guanaquito to expose yourself to the authentic cuisine of El Salvador. The price is right, the service is friendly, and the food is delicious!
4	A friend and I decided to try this place after reading the wonderful Yelp reviews.  We were not disappointed!  There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said.  Our server was very pleasant, the place was clean, and service was quick.  We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals (he had the Plato Tipico, I had the bean & cheese pupusas with rice & beans) and look forward to returning for more.
4	Always looking for a hole in the wall with fantastic food and this place is that in spades.  Decor and neighborhood is more on the old commercial district side but you put this food in a nicer area and your at five stars
5	As good as it gets.  Thats a pretty good way of putting it! If your into Salvadoran Food or if you are not this is your place.  Located near 14th street and McDowell the building is near a chinese place in an old white building.  You have to park in the back and at first glance you may question yourself for choosing this place.  But it really is worth it.  Once you get inside the place is spotless.  Very well kept.  The menu's do explain what you are eating so no surprises.  I got the Carne Asada plate.  The steak  was perfectly grilled and seasoned.  It came with yellow rice, beans, a salad, and tortillas.  The tortillas were thick and grilled.  I also shared a bean and cheese papusa.  The papusa was awesome basicly a tortilla stuffed with beans and cheese.  You have to try it.  Our meal came with chips and salsa and a salvadorian slaw mixture to share.  The price was right and the staff is friendly food A++++++++Good for lunch if you work in the downtown area not too packed.
5	Been there twice now.  Great servers and the owner is a sweetheart.  I ate the Pechuga Asada and a pupusa Locoye(sp?) this time.  The chicken was made right, great beans and rice, fresh avocado,  big portions and the salsa and chips are excellent.   I live two blocks from here and I need to wake the eff up and go here more.
2	It looks like I will be the lone naysayer but I was not too impressed with this place. It was my first exploration into Salvadorian food so it was the best Salvadorian food I have ever had.With that said, the location is a bit hard to find as the parking and entrance are in the rear. We sat down and looked at the menus, which lacked some English descriptions for many items, I can speak enough Spanish to know foods but some important details were missing.I opted to try two things I have never had before. Yucca and pupusa with cheese and layote.   Yucca came with some pits of fried meat that I did not even want and my meat-eating friend did not like. The Yucca itself was good but not too diff rent than a potato wedge fry, I guess starch is starch. My pupusa was a cheese filled flat pocket I did not even see or taste the other filling. It was a bit runny from the cheese and lacked a firmness I expected. I used the accompanying bottle of hot sauce to add some flavor however, the sauce lacked any real heat. The chips and salsa were decent but nothing special. The prices for the pupusas seemed good at $1.75 but the yucca at $5 was a bit steep. I will give this place one my try and I will be going with my native Spanish speaking friend.
5	I'm going to flat out say this before I start writing the review, my aunt makes the best pupusas.  Now with that being said this is a nice little hole in the wall.  The place is nice and clean.  The food is cheap and delicious.  The people are really friendly and the old man behind the register always seems to great me with a smile ( I think he is the owner).  Mind you pupusas are more filling then they look so don't over order.  I like the traditional queso con loroco.  The plantains are also delicious.
5	I've been wanting to find a good Salvadorean place in Phoenix and this place is it!  We went there on a whim for dinner, along with three friends and everyone hands down loved the place.  Its clean, comfortable and charming;  the menu is varied, with foods from El Salvador, Mexico, the Caribbean and even a few american style items.  The service is friendly, helpful, and didn't try to hurry us up.  My husband had the steak and onions, and it was excellent. We all shared several pupusas, which everyone loved.  And shared a fried plantain with beans and cream and it was delicious!  My vegitarian friend had the Fried Yuca (w/out the pork), and she loved it. My husband is puerto rican and is very picky about restaurants, and had been resistant to trying Salvadorean food for a while - but this is now one of his favorite new hole-in the walls in Phoenix. We will be going back often!
3	Great service, tasty food, and affordable prices. The cheese and bean papusas were good. I had the house special fish fillet with salsa malta and she had the camerones plancha. We both enjoyed our meals and will likely return in the future.
3	This place is defintiely a hole in the wall, but aren't all the best finds that way? Their horchata was delicious. Creamy and authentic, without being to cinnamon-y. I was also a HUGE fan of their papussas and empanadas. Amazing!. I did not like their take on chile relleno though. It was a stuffed piece of the palm flower they use and it tasted acrid. Maybe it's a flavor that grows on you. Also wasn't too impressed by how clean the place felt, but the old pictures of the Valley in the 30s were pretty cool.Overall, good food and totally reasonably priced, but i would've loved to have a beer with my dinner. Only juices and sodas at this place.
4	I went there Friday night to try it out on the recommendation of so many Yelpers.  The place was neat and clean and the wait staff most friendly.  We immediately received chips with salsa and curtido( a type of coleslaw.) Didn't really like the curtido, lacked vinegar and some herbs.  But the chips were amazing.: warm, crispy and not greasy.  Nice start. I order the pork chop with plantain, rice mixed with frijoles and salad. Everything was fresh and flavorful, but being a really good cook of latin food I am going to make this recommendation to the cook.  Never add tomato sauce to rice because it makes the absorption of water difficult and makes the rice sticky.  Use Goya's Sason for coloring or tumeric.  That said, my significant other ordered the baked fish dish (because HE is watching is girlish figure) with plantains and salad.  He really enjoyed it.  I ordered a pupusa because I had never, ever, ever had one.  I ordered the one with pork cracklings, beans and cheese.  It was good.  By the way, both entrees can with a side order of pupusa.   Too full to try dessert but they had some interestingly delicious offering. I think the meal was worth the money.  Try it.
4	After passing this place on the way to and from work every day for months, I finally caved in and rounded up some peeps for a weekend lunch expedition. This was my first ever experience with Salvadoran food and I was definitely not disappointed! The area is a little shady so we made it a day trip and took about half a dozen people. At first I was a little apprehensive, the area sucks and the parking lot was empty but it was a Saturday and probably between the lunch and dinner rush. In fact, by the time we were ready to leave, the place had filled up. The actual restaurant was very minimalist but clean and welcoming on the inside. The only negative I have to report (other than the neighborhood) is the language barrier and lack of service. Don't get me wrong, the server was very sweet and accommodating but there was only one, she didn't understand what we were saying most of the time, and it was hard to flag her down once it started to get busy. Only one of us had any experience with this genre of food, and although he liked Guanaquito, he said he preferred Eliana's but mostly because he said they spoke English and had a slightly better papusa. This was my first so I had nothing to compare it to, but I have to say I was very pleased. We ordered 3 plato tipico which came with papusas (we opted for all bean and cheese after reading the other Yelp reviews), a Salvadorean version of an empenada filled with meat and potatoes, yucca frita, tamales, and some slaw. We all loved it all except half our party passed on the tamales and we all agreed the pickled slaw wasn't the greatest; I would've preferred the slaw to have had more time to develop it's flavors and wilt a bit - it was also very sweet and I like my non-creamy slaws with a little more tang. We also had a side of fried plantains that were accompanied by crema fresca and beans (AWESOME!), their complimentary chips and salsa, and my kids shared the spaghetti with ablondigas. After reading all of the reviews on this place, I had planned on trying their chicken soup but I was so full I had to pass. At the end of the massive lunch we probably dropped about $12 per person, an excellent value for the amount of food we got. My husband (who is totally not an adventurous diner) said it was alright but I'm pretty sure I saw his eyes light up like Christmas when they brought him his Fanta in an old-school glass bottle, lol.
4	Good for mainly POPUSAS!!!! The place is located in a sketchy area and if you look around it almost seems not worth to try it. Forget about appearances and just sit for some Popusas!!! Their menu is in Spanish and  English, but people mainly speak Spanish, so if you want to practice a little...go ahead.
3	Met my son, his girlfriend and her kids here the day we arrived in Phoenix.  We got a little turned around so they had already eaten some food.  We ordered papussas and empanadas.  Some had the fruit juice with all these little bits of fruit floating about.  It was too sweet for me but those who drank it loved this concoction.  Had chips and salsa and the frys were really good.It was fun eating here even though the first impression was where did they take us.  The owners and waitreass were so nice and it was my first time eating Salvadoran food.  Just for that I had a great time.  I would go back now when I return to sunny Ariazona.
4	Finding out how to gain access to this place is the greatest barrier to its success (it's a challenge), after you figure it out, brush up on your highschool spanish then be wowed by some pretty darn good pupusas.  The juevos con chorizo are smokey and delicious and blow my mind each time I get em.
4	Two words sum it up; tasty and filling.We started with the Plato Tipico which is a fried appetizer sampler and includes a chicken tamale, two beef  & papa empanadas, two papusas and  yucca fries. I was loving the bean and cheese filled papusa and my friend was all about the tamale.  I ordered the avocado salad hopping it would be on the exotic side but it was just a standard dinner salad topped with sliced avocado. Aside from our appetizer and salad, we ordered an additional round of pork, cheese and bean papusas. All were very good and were the main reason for our visit. However, after looking at the rest of the menu, we'll be back to try the carne asada platter and relleno plates. All in all, a deliciously satisfying meal and definitely a spot I will return to again and again.Note: Parking is out back and they close at 8:30.
5	Our son in law brought over a great sampling of foods from Guanaquito for us to try, and I have to say it was especially good. As a gourmet cook collecting recipes for 45 years, I appreciate the homemade quality and attention to preparation and ingredients. I don't mean to seem arrogant, but it's been a rare expereince for me to enjoy that sense of satisfaction from foods prepared by others in Phoenix. This has got to be one of our best local restaurants.
4	I went here a couple friday's ago with friends. We all got the same thing the meat and cheese filled papusa meal. I love papusas and this place is legit on these. Im not a fan of black beans so I get the pinto beans with the meal. I ordered the horchata thinking it was going to taste like every other horchata I have had. El salvadorian horchata is not the same as your typical Mexican horcahata, and it was not to my liking. I took some food to go for Javier, but he said he was not a fan, may have been since it was not fresh. Beware when you go to this place, it is straight in the middle of the hood and looks sketchy. You drive to the back and park in the dark parking lot and enter through the back. Do not let this scare you away because the food is worth it.
5	Best pupusas in Phoenix
4	This place is like having a dirty little secret.It is almost as if it's only for the dive/hole in the wall elite.It's like an exclusive little club with knowledge of the entrance to this place...No sign, no front door, no parking directions...A mystery. A maze. A secret.Unless you speak Spanish and have heard about this place from every single Central American you know (ahem, thus how I discovered it.)My friends still approach the place uneasily when I first take them there, but once they eat they become Salvadoreans at heart.Pupusas and Platanos Fritos are my favorite items from this place! Being of Salvadorean descent I can approve this place as seriously legit!It's super cheap as well!Why can't it be pupusa day every day?Because then I would become a whale.For those cheat days, This place hits the spot!Real curtido and salsa, none of that fake or "Mexicanized" flavor (yes there is a difference lol)I really want a pupusa now... :-)
5	Great food great staff crappy area. Popusas were great, empanadas were delicious, yucca was the bomb (first time I eaten yucca) and the tamal wrapped in banana leaf was an unexpected surprise. From El Paso Texas with love...I'll definetly come back the next time I'm in Phoenix...salsa roja estaba deliciosa....
1	I was so excited to try the pupusas after reading the reviews, but all the hype didn't reflect my experience.....located in a bright blue building, it was very unassuming....we entered through the back into a dimly lit, but very clean dining area.  The menu sounded good and had photos of everything to make it easy to choose.  my daughter and We ordered the Plato Tipico to get an idea of what they had to offer.   The tamale smelled and tasted of funky fish (I think it was actually pork and potato) with under cooked masa, there were beef empanadas, deep fried hard things that I think were potato and the bean and cheese pupusas...everything tasted of the oil it was cooked in and was very bland.  The cabbage slaw accompaniment was of no help in adding flavor.  I also had the horchata which was very good.  We tried ordering a dessert, however after taking our order, the server came back several minutes later to tell us they were out so we ordered something else only to be told later they were out of that too.  Finally we ordered the pork, bean and cheese pupusas to give one more try...it was very cheesey but bland with an odd meat taste.  Overall a very disappointing experience.
5	Okay, first of all, this place looks like it would be located in the slums of San Salvador.. sketchy area, bars on the window, almost looks lifeless from the street. "Never judge a book by its cover" definitely applies to this place. This place has some good and very authentic Salvadorian food. Came here and got my usual choice of salvi treats, pupusas revueltas, pastelitos, platanitos and an ice cold agua de ensalada... AMAZING!
4	The place might be easy to miss and I'll say that living right down the street and just happen to find it thanks to yelp! We'll I was looking for popusas and this place showed up. It was a little difficult figuring out where the entrance was since it's next to a building and has a small entrance to the back parking lot. Place looks very sketchy outside and as your walking in. So we decided to try a combo that came with that delicious  Curtido. Popusas were amazing! That is all I have tried and I keep going back just for that. I gave it four stars just because service could have been better. But this place is definitely worth trying!
5	I really like this place, great customer service and really nice restaurant, go in through the back!
5	Just went here based on some lovely yelpers reviews and you did not let me down! Wow the food was so good, and the owner/staff were very pleasant.I just got 3 bean and cheese stuffed corn tortillas, rice and more beans for $6.99 and it was all incredible. You have to enter through the back, the parking lot is a little sketchy feeling right when you pull in but when you park there's plenty of lighting over the back door. Try it!
4	Really, really, really, ridiculously good pupusas.  Those of you who have never tried one before, for the love of all that is holy man try one! Tip- rough neighborhood, may want to strap on a bulletproof vest before coming down. Tip- entrance is in the back
5	Been coming here since I was a little girl . I'm salvadorian myself and their pupusas are the best in AZ !!
5	Came her with my wife and daughter on a whim. We saw a sticker in the back of a truck that said "I love pupusas" on our way to Applebees and my wife asked what those were. After telling her she set to finding a place we could get them.This place came up with some of the best reviews so we made the trek across the valley to try them.At first I was struck by the lack of people in the place but as we sat I got more comfortable. The staff made sure we were comfortable and all our needs met.The food was delicious! I can't speak highly enough of it. You can't add a tip to your credit card receipt so bring cash.
5	Been here a few times and loved it every time. my favorite items are the popusas, pan con pollo, and the sopa De pata. If you like menudo you'll like the sopa De pata. I give all the credit to my girlfriend for introducing me to this place. I owe her big time. Yummy yummy for the tummy.
5	I love this place! I'm half salvadorian and grew up eating many of the meals on the menu. Coming here makes me feel nostalgic. And everything is so delicious! It's always worth the trip coming from Ahwatukee. I've tried many pupusas throughout Phoenix, Tempe, and Mesa... El Guanaquito tops them all. The owner is a humble, timid yet very friendly man, as well as the entire staff.
5	This place is my go to spot for Salvadorean food in Phoenix. The Plato Tipico is a must try simply DELICIOUS!!!! , it includes all the Goodies that El Salvador is known for... The service is always friendly and prompt... HANDS DOWN!!! The best Salvadoren food in Phoenix...
5	Really good Pupupas.. Its like a hole on the wall, the place might be ugly from the outside but I do recommend the food. In matter fact, I am on my way to get some pupusas for luch.. Their only 1.75 ea.. You cant beat that.
5	I love this place! The food is so delish and authentic tasting. The food is so fresh and you can tell they take their time making it. I usually order the pupusas when I go, but I have had some of their other dishes as well and everything I've ordered has been good. One of my other favorite dishes is the grilled shrimp. It's got tons of flavor. I highly recommend Guanaquito.
5	The best sandwich in Phoenix. If you visit this place, you have to try the papusas, because that's what they are known for, and they are awesome. But the chicken sandwich (pan con pollo) is one of the best sandwiches I ever had in my life. Shredded, stewed chicken in a mustardy spicy sauce- cucumbers, roma tomatoes, lettuce, cilantro. It's best to order this at lunch time, while the bread is still fresh from the bakery. Really, really great place.
