4	This is a little bit off the strip, but the view is so nice, and the price is low! Also, the Champagne brunch is good!
4	By far, my favorite hotel/casino in Vegas. It is off the strip, but the rooms are a bargin for the quality. Most of them have been recently remodeled too.The one big draw back of the Hilton is the Buffet. It's not that big and the food is alright. Although you can get better food at another buffet, it's alright. Their fine dining restaurants are pretty good though.The spa is great, the staff is friendly and personalbe. They are also reasonably priced and have many addtionaly amenities. They offer a range of massages, facials and body wraps/scrubs. There is a small gym, wet and dry saunas, a steam room and a jacuzzi. Very relaxing.The casino is not that big, but the staff is very personable. You don't have to wander through miles of slot machines to find the pit. Due to the scaled down size, they don't have some of the newer or more obscure table games that some of the large strip casinos have, but a good selection nonetheless.The main attraction at the Hilton are the craps tables, they offer some of the best odds in Vegas -- 10x accross the board. There are usually some pretty serious players down there, so good luck!
4	Oh, Barry...the hilton is a huge tribute to Barry Manilow, it's hilarious. great place to stay at great prices. clean rooms. the monorail station is inside the hilton, so you have quick access to it. though it is off the strip, we didn't mind. also, the bartenders there are great. very personable.
3	There are two redeeming graces for this Las Vegas casino: its has a great view of the Turnberry Suites and it has great restaurants. Other than that, don't bother.
3	Decent hotel but nothing special. I'd stay here again if I needed to be close to the Convention Center,or if I got a really cheap rate,otherwiseno. Rooms are perfectly fine but location sucks.
2	stayed here on my first visit to vegas.  my friend worked for hilton at the time and got the rooms for free, so why not.  found it to be pretty decent.  the thing is, this place is off the strip, and that made it a major PITA.
4	http://www.lvhilton.com/entertainment/theater.shtmlI love the Hilton Theater, 1700 seats and you feel very intimate with the performers.  Went to see Earth, Wind, and Fire and the Commodores and it was thoroughly enjoyable compared to the vastness of Mandalay Bay stadium.The BORG Invasion 4D/Klingon Encounter/History of the Future Museum Pass would be only a 2 star for $38!
5	The Hilton is my favorite chain hotel.  No matter what city you're in, you will always be faced with a clean and well maintained room.The Casino is small here but it has changed for the better over the years.  The gaming floor seems to have gotten younger and livelier over the years.  Though I still don't gamble much here, it offers all the games that you might find else where. The Sportsbook at the Las Vegas Hilton is truly amazing!  I know some might argue that Caesars'' sportsbook is better... I have to disagree.  Never have I been able to find a good seat in the sportsbook at Caesars.  At the Hilton, there are over 50 big screen TVs with 4 or 5 giant screens and plenty of seats for you and your friends.  It truly is a sports fanatic's dream come true, especially on Sunday mornings during football season.The Buffet here is just OK.  If you're looking for a good buffet this is not it.  Spend a few more dollars and head to the Rio or one on the strip.Benihana is way overpriced.  Don't bother to eat here especially when there are so many other great places to eat in Vegas.Here is a little suggestion...If you stay at the Hilton often or plan on visiting the Hilton in Las Vegas in the near future, please go get yourself an American Express Hilton Rewards club card.  Just by being a member you'll become a Hilton Honors member and will have VIP check in as well as free upgrades and free access to spas and fitness rooms.  (The check in line was over an hour long and I walked straight up to the VIP line and was in my room within minutes.)If you want to pamper yourself or the significant other, spend a few extra dollars and book a room at the Hilton Grand.  There are now two in Las Vegas.  Both Hilton Grand hotels are top notch and will provide quiet and comfortable during your stay.
3	Not a bad hotel, just too far off the strip. Good for the convention center tho.
5	The hotel is far off the strip but there is the monorail (5 bucks each way or 9$ if you buy round trip) good price and very convenient, you don't have to worry about traffic and all.  The Hotel itself is a little outdated but the rooms are kept really clean.   I'm not going to complain since we got the rooms comps and most meals too.  The hotel is very generous in their "players rewards."  The New Years eve party at the grand ballroom was awesome.....that was comps too.  So Hilton Las vegas to me deserves 5 stars!!!!!!
3	come on. this place is what it is. a place to sleep in las vegas. now i must say, that i don't advise staying there for 10 days while on business...unless you love barry mantilow..and star trek....and hookers.and i only like ONE of those things, so i didn't really have that great of a time!
2	Crappiest Hilton I've stayed in. Avoid at all costs, especially if you can expense your stay for work.
4	I have never stayed here but It is a good place to gamble.  Slots and video poker are pretty good.  The monorail stop makes it easy to go to and from the strip.
3	Hotel wise it meets the standard, stayed here from a friend's comp so didn't have to wait in line. Buffet is decent. Location is good if you have to be by the convention center & can take the monorail there or take the monorail to the get to the rest of the strip. I wasn't impressed wtih the nightlife of this Hilton compared to other hotels. There is no dance club, the only thing open late was the Tempo lounge which can be packed, but my bf said the females there weren't even half decent looking. I would rather stay here more for business then for pleasure in terms of location.
3	I had a really good deal for a Fri/Sat here ($78 a night) with a free $25 bonus chip offer for signing up for their players club.  The room we had was pretty good with automatic curtains, everything was in good condition and clean.  Casino wasn't that great with only $10 tables and many tables paying 6 to 5 blackjacks.  Also, they had too many of the crazy games versus the normal games.  Sports book pretty good, pool was OK, but drink service at the bar was slow and price high for mediocre drink.  In all, it's an average spot if you get a good deal, but not luxurious.  Oh, buffet was also avergage for $18 after-tax dinner price.
2	Definitely didn't need to support Paris' booze and drug habit!  The hotel is far from the strip and the rooms are mediocre (I mean shampoo and conditioner all in one bottle and no fan in the lavatory, come on!)  The casino was small and patronized by what seemd to be slightly above riff raff class.  Next time, I will definitely stay at a place located right on the strip!
1	this place is filthy and it sucks.  we got one of the standard rooms and it felt like most of the money used to clean and renovate rooms went to the "save paris hilton from jail" foundation.  we had spats w/ the guest services folk and always found something unappealing about the room.  given how far this is from the meat of the strip (it's about $15 bucks to get to caesar's from here), you can pay a bit extra and stay on the strip.  never again!
1	THE WORST BUFFET IVE EVER HAD Paris hilton needs to eat here and realize how retarded her name is.  No wonder shes always at the Palms or the Hard Rock!  The salad bar at this place had dead lettuce.  Nothing was fresh, and i wouldnt even go near the potato salad.  The selection was the worst ive ever seen, i think Sizzler has this place beat by a mile.  Its the worst 20 bucks spent.STAY AWAY FROM HERE!
3	First time I have stayed at this hotel. We, my bf and I, were there on business this past week. Tried to make a reservation at one of the other hotels but was tooo expensive and many were booked. From the moment we got there, everyone was very courteous. The check in staff fixed us up in a nice suite. It was a very nice and exceptionally big room. Had a refrigerato and a bar. You would think they would have a microwave too but no such luck.  The bathroom had a nice oval tub, wish it would have been a jacuzzi tub but still good. The beds and pillows were horrible though. I have to have a comfortable bed or else I am a cranky person. Needless to say I was a cranky person the next day with neck pains. When I complained at check out all she said is that if I had upgraded I would have gotten a more comfortable bed which cost 4k dollars... DUH why didnt I know that!! The rooms were under 100 bucks so not too bad overall.
3	Hubby and lil guy went to the Star Trek Experience so I hung out at the casino. I distinctively remember doing the same thing when I was 8 months pregnant visiting Vegas with hubby and a bunch of friends and they went on the Star Trek Experience while I sat at the casino waiting for them. Well, I've never had much luck at this casino so yup, you guessed it, I lost! I got so bored waiting for them and just sat at the nickel slots (after losing on the quarter slots) and got into a rhythm of tap and tap on the slot machine while my eyes were fixated on the huge screens up top showing music videos. Eh it was okay. Not one of my favorite hotel casinos that's for sure.
3	With the Monorail, the Hilton isn't such a far remote place from the rest of the strip.  Here are the plus factors...1. Direct stop on the monorail2. Day Spa - while expensive, the massage by Sloyan was the BEST ever3. I am not into Star Trek, but they have that whole Star Trek encounter thing4. Historical 5. Steakhouse was pretty yummyNegative factors1. Our TV randomly turned on a handful of times while we were sleeping. 2. The firmest mattress outside of Asia or maybe the concrete floor.  Alright maybe not THAT hard.  3. A 10 minute ride on the monorail to the MGM
2	no internet. too far from strip. not a great room. unfriendly staffs.
2	Wow, I feel bad for this hotel.  The gnarly people gamble here.  This review is just for the overall experience of coming here for a show.  NOT staying in a room.The bathroom in the casino is clean.  That is about all I can say good about this place.  Wow!
5	Not being a consummate hotel stayer or casino party girl, my opinion is probably skewed toward people in my same boat--namely young, frugal, infrequent hotel stayers who don't really care about frills because it's just the place to stash your stuff and sleep.  Being that that's all I was looking for in a hotel, the Hilton far surpassed my expectations.First of all, it was an incredible steal.  A friend and I booked flight plus hotel online and our individual total was $266 for the round trip from Oakland to Vegas and three nights in the hotel.  That made us understandably nervous at first--on the airport shuttle we worried that perhaps the hotel, in spite of the photos on the website, was a dive, or that through some contract loophole we'd somehow not paid the full price and would have to shell out an additional couple hundred over the weekend.When we got to the Hilton we were pleasantly greeted by a huge and lovely building.  Going inside the lobby you see the casino floor, which is dominated not so much by the slot machines as the super sparkly chandelier covering the ceiling.  "Fancy!" I said.Check in took mere minutes; our consierge was really nice and explained the monorail system to us (we wound up using it a lot that weekend and it was really convenient...walking in Vegas is near impossible unless you're inside a casino and cabbing everywhere would probably get a little pricey) and gave us our two keys and $25 chip voucher (woo hoo!).  We were both completely relieved to find that the $266 had apparently covered it all and took the elevator up to our room.The room was awesome.  Our consierge had put us on the side of the hotel with a view of the strip, way up high on a 20-somethingth floor, and while the strip was sort of far off it looked lovely with the mountains behind it and the puffy clouds in the sky.  Our bed was queen size and made up with lots of pillows, which is essential for me, and the bathroom was small but functional (just like we like it).  The hallway leading into the bathroom was really great--huge mirrored closet on one side, huge (and unforgivingly fluorescently lit) vanity and sink on the other side.  You could not miss a single pore in that mirror, I swear.We had lots of towels and, as Californians do, appreciated the Hilton policy of not automatically laundering every single towel they see--if you want to reuse it you hang it up, if not you leave it on the floor.Our room also had a gigundo plasma screen tv with cable, and (not that we really needed it) was spacious and airy enough to have had some sort of soiree.Because it was a blistering 100 degrees out our first stop was the pool, which was awesome.  Not very crowded and located on the second floor, so a little bit out of the way of the hustle and bustle.  Our favorite thing about the pool area was the hot tub because it was under a canopy lined with little misters that blew cool mist over you while you roasted in the water or lazed on one of the many surrounding couches.  I've never seen those things before so I don't know if they're common in super hot areas but I thought it was the most ingenious invention ever.Several mornings we had breakfast at the most basic of the hotel restaurants.  We had the most cheerful waitresses ever and the food was delicious and reasonably priced (which surprised us because we'd assumed all hotels are out to gauge your wallet).  Finally, one night my partner in crime wound up getting sick so we were forced to stay in and as a consolation splurge decided to order room service at around 11pm.  He got a huge fruit plate and I got an equally huge Thai chicken salad.  It took about 40 minutes to arrive (which they said it would when we ordered so that didn't matter) and when it came the room service guy was totally cheerful and ignored our disheveled pajamas look and the fact that my friend never got out of bed.My salad came with a side of French bread, which I wasn't expecting but was thrilled to see (with me it's the small things...) because I'd been craving something starchy.  The salad was absolutely delicious!  I think I'm a sucker for Thai chicken salad, but it IS possible to screw those up with slimy chicken or overbearing dressing.  My salad was perfect and hit exactly the spot that needed hitting.  The fruit plate was the same experience for my friend and between the two of us, we ate it all.The final thing might be a con to some of you, but for us it was a pro: the Hilton isn't on the strip.  It's near by, and the aforementioned monorail will take you to all those strip destinations, but it's sort of removed from the mania and that was a plus in our book.  It was nice to have the mania readily accessible, but not in our faces all the time.  If we go back to Vegas I could see us trying out a different hotel just for fun, but only if it boasts as many pluses as the Hilton.
5	HERE IS THE THING:Many hotels on or near the strip have a theme.Treasure Island has - piratesThe Luxor which is giant pyramid has - EgyptiansExcalibur has - knightsCircus Circus has - er a circusThe Hilton from the outside is just a giant beautiful resort. No theme.So when I went to the bar and called the bartender I was a little suprised whenA FUCKING KLINGON CAME OVER AND YELLED AT ME IN KLINGONSeriously Hilton people. You have to give a little heads up to people about the Star Trek theme. When a Borg taps you on the shoulder if you're old or just  a pussy like some people, it's possible to have a heart attack.The Sports Book had no aliens in it however and was the best place ever to watch a Sox game. The had hundreds of GIANT TV's everywhere. It was awesome.Huge pool - No skinnydipping The rooms are big and comfortable.     Also guys if you just ask nicely every morning for some free buffet comps you may not have to pay to eat. The Sunday brunch was the best. The monorail is right there to get you up and down the strip so use it.There are two 4 one coupons everywhere and an all day pass was 9 bucks. It's so cheap you can bring a Ferengi when you go out. Leave the Vulcans home though. They're lame.
4	Oh the Hilton, how I loved you and despised at different times this past weekend.(+)1.  Easy monorail access. Saved tons of time and $ with this.  We just got 2 day passes unlimited use.2.  Breakfast was really good.3.  The spa facility was really nice, kind of mini-Burke Williams.4.  The buffet was buy 1 get one free.(-)  1.  BARRY MANILOW ever where!  Creepy, creepy, CREEPY.  They need to reconsider posting his image everywhere imaginable.2.  Dealers are A-holes!  I hated gambling here, with a passion which sucked because this is where I'd be from 2am-5am every night, dealing with the rudest dealers ever.
2	Can't say I'm very happy with our stay. First they got our reservation wrong and then felt that they were doing us a favor by giving us a "free upgrade". The upgrade was essentially what we reserved minus a bed. When we realized we were a bed shy and complained to the assistant manager again they said the best they could do was to provide us with a roll away bed. The next day I spoke to the manager and he was gracious enough to give us $100 off per night.The next morning we found that several of our rooms had no hot water. We called and sent someone up to fix but even still the water was never hot in some rooms. it was tepid at best. When I spoke to a supervisor this morning about our lack of hot water he basically told us that since we already got $100 off and the free room (the room we originally reserved) that was all the compensation we needed. Gotta love it!I do have to say that the Star Trek Experience rides are great and you can eat at Quarks if you enjoy the Star Trek theme, but don't expect great food. It's decent enough to eat though.
2	Meh.I had high expectations for staying at the Hilton and was sadly disappointed.  Aside from having the reservation wrong, there were other minor issues and one major that really put a bad taste in my mouth. We were short a bed, and where they graciously provided a roll away at 'no cost,' they neglected to provide  a blanket with the roll away so we had to call housekeeping for one. Nice eh?And coffee. I would have loved to have had a coffee maker in the room. But no. I called housekeeping and asked, but was informed I needed to call room service and they would bring up a coffee maker. For a fee. For a fee. Super 8 provides them free! Maybe I have too high of expectations.Next morning, with no coffee in my system yet, I was ready for a hot shower. But no. No hot shower. Cold yes. Hot no. Called house keeping again and 40 minutes later someone arrived to run the faucet for 30 minutes before they declared the water was "hot". It was "warm" at best. The maintenance guy was nice though - he jokingly asked if we knew we were staying in the ghetto.
2	-The Rooms: we lacked hot water part of our trip; for me most part clean and inviting rooms overall-The Food: we ate at a Chinese restaurant, Star Trek, and a coffee shop, all of which I wasn't especially impressed with, mainly because of their lack of vegetarians options. -The Casino: not too 'hype' like Palms, etc; the casino was not too busy.Our biggest issue was the big mix up with our reservations - they didn't really honor what we had reserved and stuffed us into a one bedroom room when we requested two beds.Also, the hotel is way off the strip - it's definitely a far walk.
4	It was my first spa experience and it was great. I actually went on yelp and other various websites to research for decent spa services and prices in Vegas. Then, finally found The Spa at Hilton which has some good spa packages which was well worth. I got the Simplicity Package (body scrub + 50 minute Swedish massage).... total relaxation experience was one and a half hour. This package is $135 on only available from Monday thru Friday. I spent a total of $165: $135 for package + $25 cash for gratuity for the massage therapist + $5 for the towel personIf you have a different person for massage and applying body scrub, you need to split the tips.The staff is super friendly. Most parts of the the space is clean. Overall, I would give this place an A. It was quite difficult to find this place in the hotel.My massage therapist was Judith and I would definitely recommend her to you. Super nice person and very attentive.Hope this helps.
2	My disappointment with the flagship Hilton hotels was given another notch with this hotel. I love the Hilton Garden Inn, but the regular Hilton always fails to perform. The room was okay, that wasn't too bad. The room did not have a hair dryer (bad for girls). Had to call for one. The rooms do have brand new 42" LG LCD's. TV remote died during the stay. So I called the Housekeeping people (who fix things, etc.) and they didn't even know what TV I had. They were describing some old TV. Didn't seem to think that I had a different one. Oh well. There is a mini fridge. Ours was not plugged in when we got there. Water for the shower does not get that warm. The shampoo and conditioner are combined (need to be separated). The ice machine on our floor (6) did not have any ice. Looked like none was even being produced. I wanted to get a late checkout for my departure day, but could only get that starting at 7AM of your checkout day. That sucks. Also, if you look at the phone carefully, there's no extension for the front desk. In other words, you call someone else to get transferred. That's all I can think of for now, but it wasn't the best experience overall. Won't stay here again. A good point was the Monorail station...not enough of a reason to stay here though.
4	very nice rooms.  of course, how much time do u actually spend in the room when ur in vegas right?? but after stumbling in at 6am, laying down in their beds was AMAZING.  the beds were the best ive ever slept in, SUPER soft and comfortable.  rooms are clean, and have nice view of vegas.  i think for the price it was well worth it
4	I've stayed at this hotel several times over the past few years.  I started staying here because I could use Hilton Honors points to stay for free, and then I continued staying because they had amazingly low rates.  Since I started staying here, the rooms have improved dramatically.  On my last stay, my room was beautiful.  The bed was so soft and comfortable that I didn't want to get out of it, even in Las Vegas (and I had lost a lot of money the night before so I needed to take it slow, anyway).  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable, and they were very nice about giving me a late checkout.  My room had the new LCD TV, hair dryer, big closet, lots of pillows - everything I wanted.  With a Hilton Honors membership, you get free access to the health club (otherwise you have to pay a fee), which is a bonus if you wish to exercise.  The workout area was not that big but it was sufficient.  The spa is very nice and the pool area is nice, too.  For the price, I think this is a very good hotel choice, despite being off the strip.I also like gambling here - they have $5 tables during the day.  The sports book is pretty great, too.  I found the dealers to be very friendly for the most part, particularly the craps dealers.
3	Lobby is not that impressive, but the rooms are. A Plasma TV. This shocked me. I was not expecting much out of this hotel.
4	I love this hotel, it nice and mello, the buffet is good esp. for the price its like $10 and they have the best blueberry pie I have ever tested in my life and the is saying a lot coming from me. The standard rooms are larger than avg. and the have a Large full length mirror on the wall ;-).  The place is never too crowded and drink service is great, love coming here and playing the penny slots sipping  jack & coke, while my baby does the real gambling. The staff is great anything we needed that sent up right a way. the sports book it huge best one in vegas i think. The only thing is that is off the strip on the north end, but on the monarail system which comes in handy. The rates are really low
4	This was our first experience in staying somewhere off of the strip and I have to say it wasn't bad --- it wasn't bad at all.  The Las Vegas Hilton is simple and more understated than the mega resorts but, we came to appreciate that especially when enjoying the amenities of the place.  We rented a cabana by the pool on a whim and the staff spoiled us like crazy. We enjoyed the spa and the spa staff spoiled us like crazy.  The simple understated nature of this place meant it was more low key than the places on the strip allowing staff to be more attentive and enhance a weekend getaway/ anniversary celebration for  two parents who needed a break from tending to little ones.A couple of other points about staying here --- it's easy to get to the Strip without hoofing it in the hot Vegas sun.  Simply hop the Monorail. It was very easy.  Also, one very amusing point of interest in the Las Vegas Hilton is the Star Trek: The Experience. Guests are transported to the future battling BORG and Klingon.  You can eat and drink at Quark's Bar & Restaurant, shop at Zek's Grand Emporium and Moogie's Trading Post and walk through STAR TREK history at The History of the Future museum. I've never been into the recent Star Trek fare (but, a fan of the campy original) but, walking through this was entertaining to say the least.  I would imagine that a big fan would really enjoy it.
3	This was the strangest massage experience I've ever had. First a little background. We met my parents in Las Vegas in AUGUST for a convention. However, being from the South I was ok with the dry heat. At least you weren't sweating the minute you walked outside. However, we did walk EVERYWHERE and I was starting to get sore. So, my Mom and I decided to get massages. I made the appointments and took the male masseuse because I figured I deserved it. Bad call. He was attractive I guess, but did not shut up. He literally talked the entire time. Looking back, I really should have said something like, 'hey, this is my $100 can we be quiet?' But I didn't. He talked all about his son and his baby momma who is a freak. He told me all about Neil Patrick Harris who is apparently a client and won't let anyone else massage him. Right. The good part was that I had never been to a spa with a dressing room attendent and all sorts of bathroom ammenities. We sat in the hot and dry saunas which were wonderful. This is why I'm giving them 3 stars. 0 stars for Pablo or whatever his name was.
3	The Hilton is an older casino near the strip and showing its age. It is not directly on the strip, rather it is closer to the convention center, a block or so past the Wynn heading away from Las Vegas Blvd. I have not stayed in the rooms here.The Star Trek themed part of the casino is interesting. I went on the Star Trek experience ride before several years ago -- It was entertaining. The buffet at this Hilton is a good deal at under $20. As a Vegas arcade connoiseur I find the Hilton's arcade to be lacking. It is tiny and does not have much variety.http://www.merchantcircle.com/business/Las.Vegas.Hilton.702-732-5301
3	Decent place to stay off the Strip.  Not the most extravagant or the cheapest--sort of in the middle.Good points:--Friendly desk staff--clean gambling areas--decent pool with a long happy hour--unlimited champagne buffet on the weekend--on the Monorail stopNot so good points:--Horrible mexican restaurant (I think I'd prefer taco bell over this place)--Smallish rooms--Not enough to do within the hotel grounds--Charge for a full day monorail ticket to get to Strip hotels? $9 (ouch)
4	We've nicknamed this place: The Travelagio. It's a cheap place a little off the strip, all the way down behind the Wynn. It's a nice hotel though. The rooms were clean and had a nice view. Their 24 hour diner was good too and when everyone found their hookup for their night and I'm sitting there alone, I wonder drunk to get a cheeseburger. It's awesome.The pool was cool to lay in, it had a shallow area that you could submerge your body. It was small though and had a lot of kids splashing around. I almost killed one when they got my hair wet. What are kids doing in Sin city?It was only a 9 dollar cab ride to the Bellagio, so it's not bad if you have a big group. I would stay here again but I do prefer the strip.
4	the entrance to the hotel is beautiful.  a huge crystal chandelier, pretty light bulbs everywhere and a revolving entrance.  a group of my friends got there before us so I didnt go through the check in process, but my friend did slip the desk lady $20 and she upgraded both of our rooms.  The rooms were nice..typical hotel rooms but we had a very cool and very big flat screen tv.  the shower was very large too.  I dont know why a bunch of people are reviewing about no hot water and about barry manilow galore..we had plenty of hot water and I saw 1 barry manilow and it was on the side of the hotel while we laid out by the pool.the buffet was decent. $13ish for champagne and the food was iffy.  my omlette was really good though and I had plenty of champagne to start off the day.  the rest of the food was fruit, some ham and turkey, eggy ish, caseroles, hashbrowns, ehhhh....all the champagne you could drink for $13 made it worth it though!the pool was really nice, plenty of lounge chairs and a cute little bar to get your drinks at. (NO DRINKING IN THE POOL!!!)I really liked the hotel and everything was really nice but I dont think i'd stay here again.  The rooms WERE cheap but it was a pain how far away the strip was.  I'd like to be able to wake up, roll out of bed, go to the strip and get something to eat.  We had to wake up, get ready, get a cab, go to the strip etc.
3	I've been to the casino floor at the Las Vegas Hilton, on the part closer to the Star Trek Experience - worth a visit, for you Trekkers, by the way. Maybe it was the time of day, or where we were walking, but the casino had an empty feel to it compared to the other casinos. My friend suggested that might be since the Las Vegas Hilton is at the far end of the Vegas strip.The lack of a mob let me appreciate the Hilton's fresh, retro-modern casino interior. It was easy to get here via the monorail (there's a stop RIGHT THERE!), saving us cab fare. The hotel is also near the convention center, and there's an in-house buffet, for those who like orgies of food.
3	The bad news is that it is off the strip and not really "Happenin".  The good news is that it is attached to the Convention Center so good for all of you headed out there for work.The Hilton has relatively nice rooms with comfy beds and a turn down service which includes chocolate coins.  There is a nice pool garden that is not too crowded.  They have a nice selection of two-for-one drinks at happy hour from 4-8 and there is a talented cover artist. Though far from the strip, there is a monorail stop at the hotel and they have a very accessible parking lot.  Our room sported a beautiful view of landscaping and downtown Las Vegas.The bad news is that the gym is an extra $20 per day...seriously, walking to the strip from there is a better workout....and good entertainment.  Also, intenet service is $12.99 per day.  The bathroom is organized in a bizarre fashion so that  there is no towel rack near the sink.  The hotel is stinky...they cannot seem to get the nicotine stench out of the linens or walls.
3	If you're going to spending alot of time at the Las Vegas Convention Center, you can't beat the location here. The last thing I waned to do after spending a long day on the show floor was get in a cab. Instead, I had a short 5 min walk back to the hotel.The room was decent. There was a flat screen tv, but analog service, so the quality was kinda crappy. Other cons -- Internet is $14 a day in the room (but its free in the lobby) and the gym costs extra. However, there is a "jogging path" that goes around the perimeter of the hotel.The Star Trek bar is amusing -- it was nice that it was always mostly empty since there was always a big group of us. The cabaret show, so so so bad. I'd stay here again for Convention related stuff, but for fun I'm going to the strip next time.
3	Not a bad place to stay - on the monorail line with kitschy attractions to check out inside like the Start Trek Adventure (restaurant and attraction) and Barry Manilow (need I say more). We tried the breakfast buffet since it was free with gold status and it wasn't decent but I would not have been happy if I paid. We stayed in a recently renovated room so that was nice.
4	Since I can't afford the Palms most of the time, I have to have a back up cheapish place to stay in Vegas, and I usually choose the LV Hilton.  I'm in their player's club (whose player's club am I NOT in??) so they send me deals in the mail all the time.  $199 for three nights plus free buffets?  Yes, please!I love this hotel because it was just remodeled, has a decent pool, several happy hours, they have inexpensive gambling, and a ton of  food options.  Also it is home to Barry Manilow, and the Star Trek bar, Quark's, home of the Warp Core Breach and Borg Sphere punchbowl drinks!  Nerd watching potential is high at the Hilton.  Definitely request a renovated room.  Great beds, and if you can get them to put you in the North tower, that's the concierge tower and you get access to their 24th floor lounge with free snacks and drinks 6am - 8pm.  This plus free buffets equals not paying for much food and hence more money for gambling at the $5 tables (day time only).It's not terribly fancy compared to, say, the Wynn or Bellagio, but Elvis played all his Vegas shows there, so it's got built in street cred.  Not to mention a 20 story tall poster of Barry Manilow on the side of it.  If it was good enough for Elvis and Manilow, it's sure as hell good enough for me.
3	Okay, is it fair to write a review about a hotel that I spent approximately 8 hours in over the span of a 3 day period, either in an exhausted stupor or drunken haze??? Oh wait, this is normal for a Vegas vacation, right? Check in here was a breeze at 4pm, and the lady was nice enough to change my room to a quieter location since she found that the room I had originally booked would have been next to the elevators. Thanks! The room was clean except for a few dubious stains on the floor, but I guess that comes with the territory. The biggest pro for me was how comfortable the beds were. Maybe it is the same when food tastes phenomenal after you have starved, but these beds were so comfortable that I felt rested even after 4 hours sleep. The biggest con for me was that it took 5 min for the water to heat in the shower. I was all about the ice cold showers after walking in the desert sun, but I don't like to wake up by freezing my arse off.Two other bonuses were that they had a nice deli that was pretty cheap and the Paradise Cafe, open 24 hours, serves the yummiest breakfasts and has the nicest servers at 6am and they don't care if you are barefoot because your heels have worn a hole through your foot.Overall, this place is a great place to stay if you are there to see something at the hotel (I was there for the World Championship Muay Thai fights) or if you have a tight budget and don't mind being off the strip.
4	I've stayed here multiple times over the last 5 years and they have improved over that time.  During the summer you can get great rates most of the time, the location is good if you have a vehicle and everything you need is in the same building.  If you don't have a vehicle you can spring the 9 bucks for the Monorail or take a quick cab ride.I am usually in Vegas on business and the Hilton works well as a base for business travel.They have been remodeling and I am always upgraded to a remodeled room or suite.  Last night I was standing in the remodeled bathroom and I had a closer look at the "art" on the wall.  It was a tastefully vague nude of a woman toweling off after bathing.  As I looked closer at the work I discovered that the otherwise attractive woman had suffered some sort of disfiguring accident to her left foot which resulted in severe deformities.  Furthermore, her right foot had 6 toes.  Hmm.  Apparently she was a local native that may have been conceived while some of the radioactive fallout from the testing  in the late 50's in Nevada was settling.  Unfortunate.
1	Despite being conveniently accessible to the monorail, this dumpy lot had only one thing going for it - the Star Trek Experience and Quark's Bar.  However, as this will be closing in three weeks, I don't see any reason to go here.  The dining options are limited, the decor is hideous, and though I can't speak for the rooms, I see no reason to stay here when there are much better options available.
2	I kind of feel bad, only giving the Las Vegas Hilton 2 stars.  It was, in a word, adequate.  Here's the thing - they gave us 5 free nights along with 4 free buffets and some free play. So we figured, eh, why not?  I must say, the video poker pay tables are waaay up there with the best in Vegas, which I'm sure is how we got the free offer, as we always gamble there when in Vegas. So we get a nice, clean, spacious room.  Except for the windows!  Inexplicably, the windows were totally filthy on the outside, actually obstructing what was a pretty pleasant view!  Weird! The buffet is again, adequate.  The coffee shop is, uh, adequate.  The place is filled to the rafters with conventioneers, not a bad thing, just saying.  Not into Barry Manilow, whose image is everywhere.  Not into The Star Trek Experience, although I hear from reliable sources that it's great.Video poker, like I said, is great.  The sports book, also great.  Cocktail service in the casino is good, although the waitresses are not by any stretch, young and attractive.  Although in the casino cocktail lounge, yes, they are.  Nice place to have some drinks, listen to some music and get ready to leave the Hilton for a night on the town, cause you sure aren't going to find it here.Did not see the pool area since we were there in January, although I've heard it is nice.The good news is, I don't think I saw a single child the whole time we were there!  WoooHoooo, finally!  I'm sure it's because the Hilton caters to conventioneers, which again, is fine.  Whatever.It's a clean, pleasant, adequate place to stay in Vegas. With kick-ass video poker.
3	For a hotel off the strip I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The rooms are very roomy and pretty lavish for just a "Hilton". The staff is very professional and helpful. I do have an issue with the casino though....they have high minimums for their roulette tables! 10 buck minimum bets??? This isn't the Wynn or Caesars Palace?? WTF?? In the end though I wouldn't mind staying here whenever I go to Vegas again.
3	I loved the updated rooms here.  Nice rennovations, for sure!  However, the 'Executive Floor' is located on the 3rd floor, but my sister and I could NOT find the stairs that led up to the rooms.  Because of that, we were forced to wait like 10 minutes for the elevators and people were  glaring at us when we hit the '3' button.  Whoops.  The elevators, seriously, need to be fixed.  They take SO long.  It's ridiculous.  Anyway, if you're a Hilton Honors member, you're entitled to free breakfast in the buffet.  Definitely worth it as the breakfast is GREAT.  The food is awesome and there's a huge selection..so there's something for everyone! The valet is pretty quick here - compared to other hotels, even though it's always super, super busy here.
3	We stayed here on a package deal and figured that the savings would be reflected somehow in the location.  We were wrong.  The Hilton is within easy distance of the strip thanks to the monorail.  The pool is large and well services with attendants and bartenders.  The room itself was on the larger size and the bed was big enough to get lost in.  The buffet restaurant is acceptable and TJ's Steakhouse is wonderful.With the Star Trek experience closing, I don't think I'll stay here again, but I have no problem recommending it to those who have a reason to be on this side of the strip.
4	The hilton is a great place to stay. it's north of the strip, but i would much rather stay here, pay a little extra than to stay at a bargain hotel on the strip.  the rooms are clean, the staff is nice, and most of all, it's not infested with hookers.the hiltonlas vegas is a personal favourite of mine, and you gotta love the big ass barry manilow picture on the side of the hotel haha
1	If you have a choice to either stay here or stay home, choose home. With so many fabulous and adequate places to sleep in Sin City, slumming at this service-less hell-hole Hilton should never be considered. We were assigned a room with a constant jet-engine noise that I can only guess was related to the elevator. Internet = $12 / day (!!!!) At no point were we ever greeted or welcomed. There is no provision to park near the lobby and unload bags (other than valet). Service at either of the coffee places is s-l-o-w.Shall I continue?Oh, and I cannot stomach either Barry Manilow or Star Trek, so those "features" earn no kudos.We got our reservations online but of course were charged the wrong price. And, my card was evidently charged at check-in (with the wrong amount) as a credit had to be issued on check out. Which took forever.Just say no to this place.
3	So if you love Star Trek this is the place to go for the tourist thing. Other than the ride and the little museum of show memorabilia, that's about it. Oh wait...did I mention the headliner at the hotel was Barry Manilow?  Yes, it was not the Copacabana but it suited our needs for a short trip to Vegas. Inside the room, I found the lighting consisting of wretched fluorescent lights that were bright enough for surgery. There are thoughtful ways to design lighting.  And then there is the Hilton's ready-for-surgery in your room approach. I had to turn the bathroom light OFF to take a shower, and use the reflected fluorescent from the hallway.  It lit up the whole bedroom, plus the bath. It was further from the  strip than we thought so taking a cab is a must;  this can make you feel somewhat isolated from "real Vegas".
2	I didn't stay at this hotel... as a disclaimer, this review is JUST of the buffet.I was less than impressed.  The buffet was overpriced for what was offered.  The cost we paid was about $18 per person, for a smaller selection than your average Hometown Buffet.  We did go right before they closed up for brunch, so that was potentially a factor, however I didn't see much room for any broader of a selection during dinner time.When in Vegas I'll trek to another hotel/casino for the buffet - they may be a bit more expensive but at least they have the selection to back it up.
4	I came to Vegas this week with family in tow.  Any upgrades for a regular customer AND diamond member?  Score!  Upgraded to adjoining rooms, one for the kids one for Mom & Dad.  Sweet!This is an older hotel that is gradually being updated.  Make sure you ask for an upgraded room.All of the buffets in Vegas have gone up and this one is no exception.  For about $18 you get a decent buffet.  They do not have the variety of say the Rio but the quality is better.The wings are all connected around the central hub on the upper floors so do yourself a favor and avoid the often crowded central elevators-go off down one of the wings and use those elevators.Picture of "Sixtoe" to be posted soon.
2	I'd put this at about 1.5 stars, but am rounding up.  I was coming out to Vegas and had 3 nights booked at New York New York.  I had a last minute opportunity to come to Vegas 2 nights early, so I decided to look at hotel options.  Seeing that the Las Vegas hilton's price dropped from 299/night to 104/night at the last minute..I decided to help them fill the hotel.  The hotel - I realize that this is the Las Vegas strip, and everything costs extra...but I really felt nickled and dimed at this hotel.  From the 3.50 bottled water at the pizza hut (4.00 in the room), to the 13.99/night internet, to the 6.75 bottles of beer at the bar.  The bright spot was the free parking, though that seems to be fairly standard out here.   The star trek experience was closed down... which was disappointing even though I'm not a trekkie.  The location of the hotel is not ON the strip... It's either a short walk, or a monorail ride away.As a hilton diamond member, I received a room "upgrade".  Apparently the upgrade only gave me a bigger tv, and a more comfortable bed.  Considering the VERY limited channel selection, the big tv was rather pointless...though the bed was quite cozy.  (I guess the big tv might be nice if you decided to rent movies to watch) If you are a hilton gold or diamond member, make SURE to bring your hiltonhonors card along.  Without it, you don't get your free breakfast buffet, or free fitness center access.  (Even if they already have your number on file)The room - I liked the great water pressure in the shower.  I also thought the "hydraulic toilet seat" was a nice touch.  However, the negatives outweighed the positives.  The shower was designed for midgets.  The showerhead was literally at chest height for me... and I'm only about 6 feet tall !!!!.  Squatting while showering is NOT a comfortable experience.   The weather was rather chilly during my stay, and the heater didn't work worth a darn.  It literally took about 5 hours to get the room to a comfortable temperature with the heat cranked to maximum.  The windows were so dirty that it looked as if they hadn't been cleaned in years.  I realize that dust blows around in the desert, but it certainly shouldn't be THAT bad.  Add in the long wait for elevators in my tower, and it made the entire experience less than desirable.  Thank goodness I'm headed to another hotel, and am not relying on this place for my entire stay.
1	Checked in at 1:00 the room was dirty from the night before. Went to gym and was back by 3:00 and the room was still dirty. Went to opening of my convention and was back by 6:00 and the room was dirty. Called front desk and they had no other rooms other than smoking and they wanted to give us some gross buffet dinner. This hotel needs to be blown up and rebuilt. What a waste of money and away from the action. Last night we stayed at the Marriott Suites and it was such a nice and mellow stay. The room was so much cleaner and the service was amazing. If you want to be away from the action the Marriott Suites were nice and close to the Strip. Make sure to check the  road route to the Strip because the Taxi drivers will drive you in a ridiculous route that is intended to drive the fair up.
3	The LV Hilton was REALLY cheap to say at. We stayed from Oct. 10-12. The hotel is a block away from the strip, which is pretty convenient. We did not want to drive at all on Saturday, because that's when we wanted to do our partying- we took the monorail and also took taxi's. Everything was really  convenient to this hotel.The room they gave my boyfriend and I had two full beds, because they ran out of rooms that had kings. We pushed the two beds together to make one big one :) No, we didn't put the beds back when we checked out... oh well, it was their fault. The only thing that really bothered us was the monorail goes back and fourth frequently, and it made sleeping just a bit hard. If you're not used to a lot of noise while sleeping, do not choose this hotel. Everything else was fine, and clean. I have no major complaints. I think i'd stay here again if i had to.
2	Ok, I went here for a convention since it was next to the convention center. My room wasn't ready but a co-workers was, so we went to leave my stuff in her room. Her shower faucet was leaking and it looked plain old. We went did our thing for work and I went back to get my room. My room had the exact problem, the shower faucet was leaking. When I took a shower the water was luke warm at best, one day I was getting slightly better than cold and then warm in like 2 min intervals. Myself and my other coworkers stayed on the same floor and we all had the same problems. I only give it 2 stars cause the people who work there were very nice.
1	This hotel like all the others need to STOP CATERING TO SMOKERS PLEASE. If you truly enjoy breathing second-hand smoke while gambling, walking through the casino/hotel, eating, etc. then this is the place for you. It was really hard for me to like this place. The rooms are average. They charge to even drink the water which is really sad. This was my last stay here.
4	Why the four stars you say? Let me count the ways:-has it's own LV monorail stop.-the room we stayed in is decent and the bed sheets smells and feels clean. i stayed at several hotels La,New york to mention some. No itchy feeling when you sleep.-Slot machines greets you at their lobby,so if you want to gamble first before checking in, you definitely can.- They give you a free shirt and a red necklace pen to get a game card.
3	Though it isn't on the strip, this place is big.  I'd actually made my way there via the Convention Center "bridge" - which strangely comes out next to a dumpster and through a ballroom (to Grandmother's house we go).  It's like an expedition to find your way there.Once in the hotel, however, you have a bunch of shopping, including a nice little cabana shop on the pool deck on the third (?) floor.  The pool itself is a nice sprawling effect on the rooftop, which means you don't have to deal with car fumes that you'll find in a bunch of other hotels - some of the newer resorts have them hidden, but older places put you next to streets and parking lots.While the casino is a bit dingy, and I can't speak to the rooms, the other facilities are not bad.
1	DON'T Stay HERE If YOU want TO have FUN!! Ok, so we stayed here over Thanksgiving Break, my family was visiting the area and we took advantage of their promotion for a room for 2-nights, inc. buffets and drinks. Well upon entering the premises, it is nice, good lobby they moved along at check-in, but when we requested a different room, they were so not helpful, in fact she was very curt and suggested that we talk to the casino host...YEAH RIGHT, that guy sounded like a bookie at the ponies, if you know what  I mean. HE did not help AT all...in fact he made it sound like WE were BUGGING him, just to ask a damn question. Anyways, on that first day we went to go gamble at the sportsbook bar, we were checking out some bets and games, the bartender was so rude, and tried to rip is off on some drinks. We went to Tempo another night and this bar tender had some serious issues, he was just freakin rude to everybody. I don't get it....I figured that they would be happy to have work and to know people are still patronizing Vegas...Anyways, the buffet staff is really nice, helpful, but the buffet was very disappointing, the oysters still had shell and all over them as if they were schucked by freaking 5-year olds. The internet is a rip off. The room wasn't bad, but it wasn't the room we wanted. Overall, would never stay here again, and would not reccommend any of ye Yelpers to stay there either. Needless to say, on our second night we went to The Hard Rock, Bally's and Paris...all awesome and we had a lot of fun there!! Went to the RIo and my honey bunch won another $1000 at video poker...That made everyything better.......Good Luck if you stay at the LV Hilton and I hope that they treat you better than they did us!
2	I used to take the monorail here just to visit Star Trek:  The Experience.  Since they've shut that down, I really have no reason to return here.    Nothing else about the place really appealed to me at all.  Everytime I've checked their room rates online, they've been quite expensive for a hotel that's not actually on the strip.
2	Stayed here during Thanksgiving weekend and took the "Winter Escape Package on their website. You stay two nights and get a free one night in the summer. I took a room in the North Tower according to a previous post, these rooms were supposed to be newly remodeled. My room was on the 24th floor, which was convenient because the concierge lounge they have for was just down the hall, quick access for "free" drinks and snacks with upgrade to the gold room keys. I think I would not get this upgrade again, because we didn't use all the ammenities that came with it to make it worthwhile. When you are in Vegas you wanna go out, not stay in your room of a "has been" hotel.The room was just of average quality, with a disgusting bathroom. There was BLACK MOLD on the shower curtains and bathtub grout. There is no ventilation fan in the bathroom either. The people at the front desk counter were unhelpful and said that all the rooms were full and could not move us... just got the feeling that they didn't care since it wasn't their personal problem.Since we got the package it came with free buffet tickets. The buffet was a poor quality too. Food items did not get replaced quickly once that they were almost empty. Freshness does not seem to be important when creating their dishes. I am just glad I didn't have to pay for it, you can eat here if you do not care about what you put into your system and fill up. Next time I will spend a bit more time to shop around for better deals at other hotels, of newer/better quality. I just like the fact that this hotel has a Monorail stop. Although this hotel is taking steps to try to keep up with the competition, it still has a long way to go.
3	Still adequate!  Star Trek Experience - closed.  Doesn't look like a new attraction is imminent, but I'm sure eventually the space will be used for something, uh, adequate.Casino cocktail waitresses - still not hot, but again, adequate.Sportsbook still rocks.Rooms - didn't stay this time, but I'm quite sure they're still, you got it, adequate.Why did Liz bump the Hilton a star then, you might ask??Because Big Jeff walked out with the coveted GOLD JACKET. (Will he ever actually wear it? I got a Benjamin that says he won't ...... any takers?? ) After about forty thousand (give or take) hands of VP, finally, the jacket.  WOOT!
4	The suites here are absolutely gorgeous, huge rooms, plenty of beds, very nice bathrooms. We actually spent 2 nights here in 2 different rooms for free, so can't really comment on room service, but the downstairs lobby/baggage check/taxi service was excellent. Very well kept. And has 2 convenient restaurants and a cafe downstairs, plus a small shopping area. However, no coffee maker! What the heck! Each suite had 2 flat panel TVs. Very nice. And we were able to plug our iPod into the alarm clock to play music. My friend wanted to check out the Star Trek Experience, but alas, it was closed. Location was a little farther from the strip. We also went to the spa here. Pretty nice, slightly expensive, but the service was good. Too bad the pool/jacuzzi were up for renovation though, so it was closed off. But there was a jacuzzi in the Hilton Spa.
4	I stayed here in December of 07 for Christmas another super last minute trip for me. I got a one night room for 60 bucks, and I was surprised what I got. I got one of the nicest room I have ever stayed at in Vegas. We got a view of the strip the bed was amazing and we got a full sized couch. This was one of the most pleasant stays ever in Vegas. Also the staff was friendly for being Christmas eve. Overall if I got the money I would stay there again.
3	3 stars because it's a Monorail station stop, the rooms are pretty nice, they always send me great deals (just stayed in a 1,000 square foot room for $150/night).They would have way better ratings, in my opinion,  if their service was better.  We arrived early, and the reservation staff informed us that the room was not ready yet.  That's fine (we were early after all)....we went into the casino and gambled for a bit.  He assured us that we would be able to check in after 3pm.We get back in line after 3, and another staff member (with an attitude) tells us that the room is not ready and that she cannot (or will not) give us an estimated wait time.  I mean, come on....I just want to unpack my stuff and get ready for my dinner, which I had reservations for.The manager was even more unhelpful.  She acted as if we were bothering her by asking her to give us some sort of time frame in which we would have to wander around the hotel like clean hobos.  Eventually, she just ended up giving us the keys to another suite and making it seem like it was US (me and my sis) that requested THAT particular room.  YOUR staff chose to put us in the room that wasn't ready!So...we arrive at the room, and it kind of made up for the craptastic service.  Super spacious.  A parlor room that was huge, connected to a separate bedroom/reg. hotel room.This was my third time staying at LV Hilton.  I recommend it if you can avoid having issues with the staff.I'd stay elsewhere if I got a better deal though.
4	I had a fantastic stay at the Hilton LV. It took me a while to write a review because I was debating on giving this place a 3 star or a 4 star. It came down to a problem with my bill and they were able to properly adjust it without a lot of hassle. For some reason they had mistaken me by someone else with the same name, and gave me the wrong rate on my room. Either ways, I am glad we have that behind us. The rooms were simply comfortable, clean and classy. This isn't your party hotel located on the strip. I would say the crowd is more of your 40 and 50 year olds that knew what the Hilton name stood for back in the days. The Hilton chain has always had a standard to keep up, and this location is no different. They have even moved on with the times with flat screens and brand new furnishings in the room. I had a strip view room where I can spot the Encore and Wynn at a short distance. Since most of the activities I did on this trip focused around the Wynn, this location was perfect. It took me 5 minutes to drive over there. Also about 10 minutes to get to the MGM/NY NY.   If  you choose to not drive, the monorail station is connected to this hotel. Perfect way to booze your way through Vegas and not worry about DUI's. The rooms were great and the hotel was a sign of pure class,  but I only had one gripe. The service needs some slight improvement. When I was checking in, I was directed to the "information line" to pick up my key. This line did not exist and the employees spent sometime arguing before they were able to help me. This seems a bit unorganized. Also lastly, I wish they would let you check out at an automated kiosk or the hotel TV like the MGM.  The line to checkout was a good 10 minute long. Fortunately they weren't charging for overstay fees since I got there right at 11am.  I will definitely come back to the Hilton again if I want some peace and quite, and yet be in the thick of things by a simple drive. The Hilton LV is fit for a king, just like advertised.
3	This is an older hotel, and it's off the strip.  Not by much though.The decor is a little schizophrenic; trying to seem glam but with "humorous" touches to the decor, such as the life-sized images of women in the men's room off the main casino, a different woman above each urinal on the wall, with different levels of surprise, disgust, and elation on their faces as they point down to the urinal each is gracing.  What was the casting call like for that gig?They have mostly ridden themselves of the Star Trek Next Generation theme in one of their central casinos, except for the remnants of Star Trek I saw in the men's room:  Klingon images, and a spacey interior.This recession has hit Vegas kind of hard, and it might partially be my projected negativity on the mood of the city while we were there for a trade show, but Vegas seems a little sad right now.  Everyone's down and the casinos are battened down tight.  Hmmm.  Of course, when it comes to gambling, I'm the best loser I know....so nothing new there!The Hilton needs a shakedown.  Get in there and make a big deal out of it...capture it in a reality show or something.  Come on, Hilton's!  Pour your energy (and tremendous capital) into something campy for us all to watch on Bravo, and re-invent your Vegas image at the same time.  Just imagine the teams of designers, the head designer could be some bitchy queen or something, and all the hilarious hyjinks that would play out as the Hilton is remodeled on TV.  Perfect!
3	The good: Close to the Monorail. Nice crowd. reasonable prices. The bad: they got our room reservations messed up. One of the rooms' door didn't open, they told us to wait for a new room for couple of hours, which we did. Then they gave us a room that had not been made since the previous guests had left, so we went back down (with luggage in hands, of course), so they felt bad and upgraded us to the 28th floor. Nice, right? Sure. This luxury suite's curtains didn't close, so the room was pretty light up all night. Good luck sleeping! The ugly: Walls ARE PAPER THIN. at 7 I heard to girls talking in my room... but wait, they were not in my room, and they were not even talking loud voices. But thanks to the paper thing walls, it felt like they were in my room.... Would not go back.
4	Just got back from a bachelor party where 10 of us stayed in a big suite at the Hilton. The room was huge, but it was obvious that it used to be 4 separate rooms, which resulted in a maze-like floor plan. But nonetheless, to have 10 guys and 4 bathrooms, it was quite possibly our best accommodations ever.  The room was clean and we had 4 flat screen tvs. Also, and this may sound strange, the hallways in the hotel portion are perfect size. Sometimes hotels have 200 ft hallways and whatnot...that's not cool. Anyway, we also ate at their buffet and the cafe. The prices were steep, but thats the norm for any Vegas hotel. the food was great though, had a three-egg omlett and delicious coffee at the cafe, and the buffet has above-average food and free beer and wine. Didn't gove this place a four star rating because:I barely gambled there, (since I'm such a big fan of Slots-A-Fun) and;I didn;t do the check-in/check-out. Since I can't comment on those aspects of my stay, I'll be reserved in my review. But as I said before, the room was nice, and really, really cheap for what we got. food was great and the sports book was huge.
3	Spacious rooms, off the strip, you get what you pay for. No frills, bells or whistles. Stayed here for my 30th birthday and we pretty much were out all night and the only time we spent in our hotel room was to nap, basically. Just imagine 5 people crashin' in one room with double beds. Party weekend..need I say more?I'd stay here again.
3	This is a totally A-OK hotel. I was here for a convention next door, and it was quite convienent.First the good:1. The rooms are very large for Las Vegas. They have plenty of room to spread out and a nice, big bathroom. The beds were very comfortable and had these great chenille nap blankets on them. Also, instead of those nasty bed spreads they had down blankets, which is always a huge improvement.2. The monorail station is SUPER close to the hotel. At the rest of them, you have to walk 8 miles to get on a freaking train.3. Has a "skywalk" to the convention center. This may be the longest sky walk in the history of humanity, but that little bit of AC sure is a lifesaver in the middle of the afternoon.4. I saw Barry Manilow getting on the elevators one night on my way back from dinner. On second thought, not sure if this a plus or a minus.5. What we ironically dubbed "Asian World." Its Disney's Asian pavilion from Epcot stuck into your hotel with the world's largest Benihana. Pretty cool, but also deeply odd.Neutral Depending on your Opinion:1. GIANT Barry Manilow poster on the side of the building, Barry Manilow store inside, ect, ect... you get my point2. SO MANY FREAKING LOUD slot machines. So, so many.Negatives:1. Mediocre staff. They don't try very hard, but they don't actively act rude.2. Rooms need some updating. While they are large, the carpets, drapes, ect could have used a freshening.3. Pool closes at 5 p.m.  How does that make any sense??
3	We've all heard it... "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas"... drunken evenings that find us entering our hotel rooms in the wee hours of early morning... a trail of stripper dust and poker chips leading the way to a bed we're thankful is soft and plush... (and good for at least a few hours of solid sleep before doing it all over again)...until that Walk of Shame that leads us to the taxi stand and awaiting airport... So let me begin by where it started... My stay at the Las Vegas Hilton was certainly pleasant enough... it was the LV Hilton that we chose to book, since our arrangements were decided somewhat late and we were looking for somewhere nice but on the less expensive side and in close proximity (less than a $20 cab ride) to the strip or downtown. My room was definitely a good bang for the buck... I stayed on the 11th floor of the Central Tower... the room was large, with a king size bed... flat screen TV... and ample lighting both inside and out, with a large window overlooking the spa and pool below...the down comforter and soft pillows on the bed definitely made sleep time pleasant. The room was very clean and at $140 a night, priced right. There are plenty of small touristy shops on the main casino floor... and several restaurants. Saddening that the economy has had such a dramatic effect on Las Vegas and many of the casino/hotel restaurants are now closed between 2pm-5:30pm... making a convenient, late lunch a major inconvenience... if you chose to eat at the LV Hilton before dinner time then your choice is pretty much a personal pan pizza from the 'Pizza Hut' towards the rear of the hotel (meh) or to hop in a cab and head elsewhere. Good thing the Monorail does make a stop at the LV Hilton... and one way tickets are $5 to the strip... which depending on the hour, can be much cheaper than cab fare. All in all, I was satisfied with the room... upon checking out though it would have been nice for the staff to ask if I enjoyed my stay...but customer service doesn't seem to be a concern to unionized folks these days... oh well... Taxi!
5	After reading some of the reviews by my fellow yelpers, I was a little worried about my weekend getaway booked at the Las Vegas Hilton. But I was scared for no good reason cause this place was awesome! When we first arrived there was a 20-30 minute check-in wait; however, because I am a Hilton HHonors member, we were able to use the VIP check in line and had our keys in hand within 5 minutes. Valet Parking is FREE and secure, so that was fantastic news. After unpacking our car and leaving the keys with the trusty valet, we headed up to our room on the 14th floor. We were in a corner room with a view opposite of the strip, but didn't spend too much time in our room looking out the window, so it was all good. The room was nice. Comfortable, clean, quiet and for only $70 a night. There was a slight stench of smoke in the air, even though we were on a non-smoking floor, but the air vent just passed it right along. We had already purchased tickets to see Carrot Top at the Luxor, so we decided to check out the casino downstairs. Make sure you stop to sign up at the Casino Club first. You'll earn money for every slot or table you play. And they give you a free t-shirt. You can either collect the cash before you leave or use the credit towards a purchase at the hotels bars or restaurants. My husband had a great plan, hit the slot machines by the front entrance, the casino wants others to be enticed to play so those machines pay out more... NOT! But we did have plenty of fun with $80 and free drinks on the nickel and penny slots. We met a very colorful and friendly cocktail waitress Cathy. She was awesome. Kept the drinks flowin and shared great stories. After a couple of hours and still quite early, we decided to try our luck at the BlackJack table. We had never played before and with $10 minimum bets, we were only willing to risk one bet each, lol. 5 minutes later and $80 up, the dealer insisted that we walk away with our winnings and enjoy the night! We were stoked and since then, addicted to BlackJack. We played some other nickel and penny slots in the other casino, on your way to the monorail, and won some big money. My husband won over $80 and I cashed in over $100. Now that's a pretty decent payout for the small slots and there were others all around us winning too. The next day we woke up tired, unable to breathe from all the smoke, and in great need for some down time. So we packed up and went out to the pool. Apparently, just that month they had completed a total upgrade of the pool area, to include these awesome cabana's. Available to rent for just $50 and comes with 2 lounge chairs, a cushioned wicker couch, 2 cushioned wicker chairs, 1 large and 1 small table, a flat screen TV, a mini-fridge, a phone, all the towels you want, and total privacy! We were able to close all the curtains and enclose ourselves into a world of seclusion (sigh), it was so relaxing. And after the room service brought our beer, it was heavenly. We spent all day out there sunning, drinking, and jacuzzi hopping. A nice little break from the busy smoke filled casinos and just the rest we needed for another night of FUN! We ate at a few places in the hotel also. Paradise Cafe, good tuna salad sandwich and fries. Very friendly staff too. Fortuna, excellent coffee and croissants. Beware, if you order soy milk make sure they use soy milk. When I noticed that the drinks we made with regular milk I demanded they be made again so I could see them using soy milk, and they obliged. The Ice Cream Shoppe, huge scoops on a waffle cone... late night snacks don't get much better than that. Another plus, the hotel is a monorail stop so the strip is really not that far off and the monorail is much cheaper than using taxi's. It seemed pretty safe and secure too. Check-out was easy. Since we paid cash at the time of check-in and put a credit card for incidentals, we were able to use the express check-out from the TV in our room. Just left the keys inside, waited 5 minutes for the valet to pull our car around, and we were off! All is all we had an excellent time! The hotel staff was courteous and helpful. The room was clean and comfy. The pool area and cabana was relaxing and calm. The casino was fun and exciting. The food was delicious. Our trip to Vegas was great and we will stay at the Las Vegas Hilton again. My only negative about this hotel and really all of Vegas as a whole... the incredibly suffocating cigarette smoke clouding all the casinos and pretty much any enclosed area. Note to all smokers: You don't need to smoke in Vegas, just breathe in the air and get your nicotine fix! I think I have lung cancer just from spending 3 days there. You'd think this booming city would have found a better way, by now, to clear out the air and make it more friendly to non-smokers and not so accommodating to cigarette smokers. URG!
1	Beware!!!  I know there are some good reviews on here, but I think when you book with the Las Vegas Hilton you take a gamble.  We booked the Hilton for a convention with a group of 12 or so.  We were spread out all over the hotel so many of us had good experiences, however, I did not.  The first room I was put in did not have hot water and it looked as if it had not been remodeled since 1970.  After a cold shower I went downstairs and asked what the problem was.  I was told that it was the entire hotel and it would only be for about and hour.  I then met my coworkers for dinner and asked if they had hot water.  They all had hot water!  Hmm somthing didn't add up.So the next morning I was still in bed and my roomate comes out of the shower furious because the water was still cold.  I went downstairs to complain so they switched us to another room that looked like it was from 1970 only this time there were pubic-looking hairs all over the floor and the bathtub faucet wouldn't shut off.  We were already late to work so we had no time to switch again.When we returned from work the elevators opened and the entire floor was under constuction except our room which we were locked out of.  I called the front desk and the came and gave us a key.  We then asked about the running water and they said there was nothing they could do.So after all this I went to the front desk and put my foot down, so I got a apology and was put in an "upgraded" room (meaning that it had been updated in the past 20 years) .The hotel offered to do nothing for us except give us a dinner for 2 at their crappy Mexican restaurant that I had eaten at the night before.  Horrible!
4	At $50 a night from Saturday to Tuesday, you just can't find anything to complain about! Besides the annoying off-strip location, and the completely overpriced Buffet downstairs, this hotel was amazing. I cannot overstate how comfortable the beds are. Be careful not to waste your vacation napping.
3	After some last minute fakers, we ended up staying here and had an ok stay. Central tower has small ugly bathrooms but plenty of mirrors. Buffet was nasty and the pool was small. Glad we went early in the season and the pool wasn't overrun with kids and families. Overall I would recommend it for a name hotel, but if you plan to spend significant time at the pool- search elsewhere.
3	We had our annual convention at the Hilton this year. It was a lot of fun and they did great with the decorations for our special dinner evenings. It's a big casino/hotel, so of course I only know so much about it after one visit. The small food court is a little over priced and really small. The casino looks just as pretty as any other on the strip. I also got to see two types of rooms they have. One was a regular two bed hotel room. It seemed pretty much like any other pricey room, nothing special, but I liked what I saw of one of their suites. This was someone else's room, so I only saw the "guest area", if I can call it that. It consisted of a nice sized living and dining room, kitchen and bar with a big flat-screen TV, comfy couches. Since I've never stayed in a suite, I have nothing to compare it to. Al-in-all, it's quite alright.
2	So we went here for a little weekend getaway.  I booked the Hilton then yelped it (my bad).  The room is so-so we had a good view of apartments and a golf course ;( .  The beds were like a twin on steroids (not long enough)You either had to scrunch up in a ball or have your feet dangle which is also annoying. The bathroom was so damn small it was a joke.  The worst was the stupid shower head that spit water at you!  For real they were these ol' ass shower heads.  The buffet was silly also I mean really Hilton but other than that Vegas was Vegas!
2	If you're at a Convention or Seminar, Las Vegas Hilton is okay. If you're looking for somewhere to make your Vegas base, look elsewhere Sis & I stayed here due to an Internet Marketing Convention she was attending. Rooms for us were of good size, beds were super-comfy & the view of the golf course & Stratosphere Hotel was very nice - but the blackout curtains were broken & the shower backed up w/ water & who wants to stand in calf-deep dirty water when showering? Restaurants in this hotel are horrible-to-mediocre at best & I can't believe w/ the competition for business out here that Hilton doesn't try to step up the quality...... but given the fact they are so isolated, I guess there's really no pressure. Also, room prices are completely outrageous but convention-goers are held hostage due to the vast isolation Case in point: NOTHING is w/in walking distance.  Even though Hilton is on the Monorail system, plan to spend AT LEAST 45 min to get anywhere else on the Strip - we went 2 measly stops up, just to go to Cesar's & yup, 45 min - I am not even kidding....So while the room is obviously convenient for those attending conventions & seminars, I would never actually choose to stay here. It's too bad since the room itself was actually nice - it was just everything else that ruined it
3	Hotel-3.5 starsPool - 2 starsIn case you're wondering why this is my 3rd review in a row for a Vegas hotel, I've been going a lot lately...haha!Hotel- very clean, much nicer than the Tropicana inside and outside. The beds were very tiny. I think a twin bed was bigger than their beds. I liked the casinos. Everyone seemed a lot more friendly. Thanks Hilton family for keeping your employees happy. Paradise Cafe has some good breakfast. Pool was BOOOORING. I kid you not, about a million kids in there. No music. No where to sit. If you're looking for some fun at the pool DO NOT COME HERE. Someone cut and paste the pics from their website. I'm sure you all noticed that.
3	In general I found the hotel to be relatively nice.  I have stayed at better Hiltons, but I found a great rate here so the room was acceptable.The table limits were a little steep for being off the strip.  The monorail had a stop at the hotel so that made getting around relatively easy.In general no major issues, except every employee that I interacted with EXCLUDING the bell staff seemed to be dumber than a box of hair.  I found myself repeating myself countless times to get them to understand me.  This got pretty frustrating.The net of it is that if there is a good rate available it is worth the stay, but other than that I would not go out of my way to stay here.
4	This hotel was in a great location, and I found the staff to be helpful and professional. No problems with my stay.....there was good entertainment in the hotel as well, and the pool area was very nice. I would stay here again.
1	DISGUSTING!!!! If it wasn't for the Spa Trade Show, I would have not stayed there. Convenient to the Convention Center, I thought I would stay here the first night and when a coworker came the following day, we would stay at the Renaissance next door. The rooms look like it hasn't been remodeled since the 80's, okay, I'm okay with just a comfy bed and a TV., since I was alone the first night, I wasn't planning to have a wild night in Vegas. I wanted to order room service and call it a night. Room service food was horrible. When you order a chocolate Milk Shake and the whip cream that sits on the top is still floating completely in tact the following morning, you wonder what it was made of. Don't bother to ask for a Non-Smoking room, even though you may have one, doesn't mean your next door neighbor is, to wake up to the smell of smoke is not how I want to start my morning.BUT... the worse fear came that morning.Sitting on the royal thrown, what do I have stare at first thing in the morning a HUGE COCKROACH was staring me by my feet. Flipped out, jumped on the bed, the thing decided to follow me to across the room. It was like the roach was pissed I was in it's room. I packed all my stuff and checked out at 9:30 A.M. walked across to the Marriott and sat in the coffee bar for an hour until my co- worker showed up. I'm okay with roughing it, but this was way too much!
2	I thought it would be MUCH better then it was. First, it took 45 minutes to check in with only 10 people a head of me. Once I got up to my room, it was actually really nice. New TV, very comfortable beds and so on... made me forget about the long wait to get to the room. All i wanted now was hot shower (been traveling all day)... well the shower was something from the stone age. It was not upgraded with the room nor was it a new water saver shower head. It pretty much was something you might find in a motel 6 10 years ago. Shower sucked and the bathroom fan didnt work so the whole place was fogged up. How hard is it to keep the fan working? You think house keeping would say the fan didnt work when they clean the place and notice the fan was not on! I got a $100 worth of cupons when i checked in which was nice but not one of them I could use unless I was there to spend a lot of money or unless I was buying for 2 people. Nice gesture but did me no good. All in all, I probably wont stay there again as there are plenty of places to stay for the same price and the same service maybe even better service.  Sorry Hilton but I expected everything to be perfect.
3	Booked this place on a whim Wednesday night. Showed up Thursday afternoon and was pleasantly surprised. The front desk hooked up a nice room (downside: it was near elevators so there was a little noise from the air when elevators went up or down, but not enough to bug me or the wife.) Rooms were clean, pool was surprisingly comfortable even though it's really small. I got comp'ed breakfast and drinks ... something even my recent trip at the Encore didn't give me. Hilton will take care of you ... just don't expect 5 stars ... and you'll certainly get 3 1/2. Thumbs up Hilton!
4	I honestly was going to skip my trip to Vegas on the 4th of July, but the Las Vegas Hilton came to the rescue. They gave me an offer for $115 for 3 nights ( any nights of the month in July and August). I called them up and booked for the hot 4th of July weekend. Amazingly they did not give me hard time, and let me have it for the special price. So just by the fact that I got such a steal, I was going to be very reasonable for the things the Hilton lacks. Which is not much! We checked in at 8pm on a Thursday night. Definitely in a time crunch if we had to get to Tryst by 10pm. I unpacked all of my shirts to find some wrinkles in them. So I thought I would bust out the iron. It just so happens that I had one that did not work. I called front desk, and it took a good 30 minutes before the maid brought another iron up. They even went out of their way and tested the iron to make sure it works. How nice of them! I ironed my clothes and was on my way out and made my deadline.Having stayed at the Hilton before, we knew exactly what the setup was. So getting ready and getting in and out of the hotel was a breeze. I m not going to review the room so much this time around, but give a little insiders point of view. Our last room did not have a flat screen, and this one did. So I highly suggest asking for one of the renovated rooms. It seems like the furniture in the room was newer as well. Overall size and lay out of the room is in the same.  Our room was located on the 22nd floor of the central tower. Rooms in the quite east tower are $15 more a night. Another thing people don't know about is the parking. Don't park in the designated lot for guests! You will be walking a mile to your room. I always park in the "Sports Book" parking lot on the east wing of the hotel. Make sure you don't park in the sports book VIP spot or you will get a ticket. From here it is about a 10 minute walk, instead of a 20 minute walk to your room in the East or Central towers. The service all around the hotel was very. We didn't spend too much time in the room to really notice. They were gracious enough to offer us coupons for the weekend. It included coupons for drinks at the hotel, and dining/ room service etc etc. We didn't spend any of them because it was just a little too pricey even with the coupons.  With our room we got a great view of the fireworks over by the Palazzo (center strip).  This was an added bonus.There was one minor annoyance with our bath tub. The drainage definitely needed some work done because the bath tub water came up all the way to our ankles whenever we took a shower. It was kind of like a bath/shower all at once. Another problem was catching an elevator. It seemed like the elevator system was not smart enough to detect that it is a full load and would stop at every floor when going down. It took anywhere from 5-10 minutes to catch one single ride. Other then that, I would love to stay at the Hilton again. I don't expect steals like this, but as long as I get a reasonable price, I will be back to use the place as a mattress and a cooler bucket for my bottles again.  The Hilton Las Vegas is still fit for the King.
4	I travel to Vegas monthly and I alternate between this hotel and a few others, occasionally mixing in a stay at NY NY or another one on the strip for a change of pace.  Well the Las Vegas Hilton will be seeing more of me.  The upgrades I have gotten from these guys when I bring my family along are unbelievable.  I bring the family along for a couple days in Vegas 2-3 times a year.  When I checked in Priscilla at the diamond desk was wonderful and hooked us up with...well I'm not sure what it was but everyone had their own bathroom...At this rate we may have an entire floor to ourselves in a few months.
4	I still enjoy gambling here.   As a super low roller I have been able to play here for a few hours and come out with a few comps.  Also, it one of the only places in Vegas that actually sends me free rooms throughout the year.  I have yet to stay here but will probably take advantage of the offers at some point.  It is off strip but with the monorail located right outside the casino it makes getting around pretty easy.  Not  a whole lot going on inside and yes, the nerd in me does miss the Star Trek section which was shut down recently.  I guess there is always the Barry Manillow store where you can buy Allegro, the official energy drink of Barrry Manillow Fanillows!
2	pretty cheap but prob bc they're off the strip at the end of it. the rooms are nice but so far from the strip. nothing to offer really for entertainment here unless you like old couples yelling at each other for spending their social security checks on the slots
2	This hotel is way off the strip.It's off the end and behind everything else.  It is close to the convention center if you're in town for something going on there, but it's pretty far from most things.  It's an older hotel, but there have been room renovations.  During the week you can get a decent deal on the room.  As a Hilton gold member, the upgrades are not as good as at some places.  I've been upgraded to the largest suite possible at many hilton hotels, but not here.Many of the restaurants in the hotel were closed for remodeling.  Wifi is rather expensive, and isn't given as a hilton member perk.  Also, the coffee shop was supposed to have wifi according to the room information, but at the coffee shop I was told that had been changed.The hotel was decent, but far away from thing, and in general nothing special.  I'd probably rather stay on the strip next time.
4	I loved my stay at the hilton and thought it was a great hotel. I just got back last night from a 2 night stay. we got a great deal at6 $125 total  for 2 nights with 6 free buffet coupons that you can use whenever for breakfast lunch or dinner plus 2 complimentary tickets to the spa and 2 complimentary drinks at the temple lounge. The person who checked his name was ambassador was extremely friendly and helpful and upgraded us to a newly rennovated room as well as a room with the view of the strip (part of the strip as bulidings next to the hilton do block the whole view of the strip) and despite what some people say it is only like a 10 minute walk from the strip and the hotel is monorail accesable and is a quick way to the strip it only too us like 5 min to reach the middle of the strip by harrahs casino.The food at the bufftet was average to very good some of the mexican food and chinese food just tasted fake but the american food like ribs,(beef and pork) fried chicken, steak etc was done very good and we all stuffed ourselves. the buffet also had made to order food at the stations in the middle of the buffet where you could get roast beef and fresh delicious omelots in the morning. The pool is kind of small and shallow but a descent spot to hang out and tan if thats what you like but it did help cool us off from that crazy las vegas heat. Last but not least the casino was pretty good for slots but if you dont want to bet too much on card games i dont recommend it.... but it was still a cool casino and like others when you gamble drinks are free. They also have a big sports betting area supposedly the ;argest in the world and they have like 20 giant screens on the walls all showing sports. overall my stay was very cool.
2	I get stuck here when I have to work the convention center trade shows. The rooms are craptastic. Small, tattered and lame. One time my drawers kept sliding open because the freakin room was so slanted!! They put plasmas in the room but that couldn't save it. To make things worse, they have Barry Manalow plastered everywhere with Copa Cabana blaring where ever you go... A Benihana onsite, proximity to the Convention Center and GREAT sports book save this place from one star damnation.
3	Warning.. I didn't stay in the actual hotel, but I did visit it this past weekend. So my friend said they had a Star Trek Convention here this past weekend.. We were all looking for something free or cheap to do.. No I'm not a Star Trek fan, but am a fan of grown adults dressing up, and nerding out.. lol We ended up going here Saturday after we ate dinner to check out all the people dressed up roaming around the hotel after the convention was closed for the night.. Not a lot of action, nerds must have been tired.. The hotel was treky looking, but looked pretty dated in the inside, went to the bath room and the tv's in the mirrors said no signal, I guess in a galaxy far far away from the strip they get no signal.... huh.. OK, the cool thing about the hotel was they opened their pool and outside bar to the public to hang and chill from 4pm-8pm. We didn't bring our swimsuits, but did chill on there nice big lounge chases they have.. pretty nice, they fit I'd stay 10 people.  We had walked by a few other hotels and they had exclusive policies on only hotel guest to be allowed anywhere near there pools, I'm talking security guards and all...  anyways, the Hilton  also had a guy with a guitar covering old rock artist from the 80's. We didn't stay to long but got a feeling of what a real swimming pool should be like. --- (see we stayed at the Fremont) , and I didn't even want to see what there pool looked like.. Over all kinda different...
1	I recently made a huge mistake and stayed four nights at the LV Hilton. I used some of my HiltonHonors points for the stay. The room I was in was nothing like the website pics reflected. It was absolutely filthy. One of the light fixtures was broken. There was an upholstered chair in the room that had some white stuff running down the front that had dried. (You guess on that one) The bed was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept on. It felt like metal springs with a thin skin of fabric wrapped around them. Most of the restaurants have closed up. The Italian restaurant was only open fri and sat night. The coffee shop closes from 2-5 pm daily. If you have a late lunch at this hotel, you will eat off of plastic. The casino floor is filthy and desperate need of renovation. The pool area was dirty and in need of a few plants.  It is hot and windy and not very pleasant. I will never stay at this hotel and would not recommend it. I have sent a letter to HiltonHonors requesting my points be refunded.  No matter how good the deal is they offer, don't stay here.  You will not be pleased.  After four nights here I checked out and was able to get a nice room at the Palazzo for the remainder of the week.
2	It's a decent hotel, it just needs so much more for it to be considered a "Las Vegas" hotel. The whole Star Trek thing is a little over done. But you can't beat the price, however, you WILL have to pay to get to the main strip, which defeats the purpose of going to Vegas. The room was decent and rather big with a nice view, it's just not a typical VEGAS hotel, nothing special.
1	Had friends from out-of-town as exhibitors for a convention and I so agree with John T -- service is lousy and the food sucks!!!  Granted, it was a food court in the convention center but we were told that the food is catered by Hilton.  OMG!  Skip the room service and pack your lunch/dinner if you have to be there.  Otherwise,... walk down the street to McDonald's -- at least you know what food you're getting!
4	You know what I love about this Hilton?The Valets.Every single one of them.Even if there was a huge line of people, I never had to wait THAT long for the car.  In the burning heat, not standing outside for too long is much appreciated.  I'm convinced they just parked my rental close to the front cuz it was tiny (a VW Rabbit.)  Nice.  Here's a tip: NEVER wait for valet around check-out time.  You will be in absolute hell.  Either hustle and get there early or hang out in the casino for a bit.  It will make the end of your trip more bearable.
2	My brother-in-law hooked us up with a room in this hotel.  Because he was a valued Hilton member, they were able to upgrade us into a huge suite.  The room was huge, but the beds were awful.  They were sinking and just so out of shape.  I'm sure you'll wake up with a aching back if you slept on one of those.  My sister did, but I slept on a squeaky futon...not much better.  The breakfast buffet was not bad.  During the weekdays the hotel is pretty dead.  Then the weekends start picking up.Again...like I keep saying.  If you're going to stay in Vegas without a car, you should just spend more on staying on the strip because either way you spend tons of $$ on cab rides.
4	staying on the strip is kinda over-rated! hilton is like one block behind the strip...ooooohhhh...so far! :P ha ha! i'm a girl in 5 inch heels. i can't walk anywhere anyways. so this place was the only place close to 100 bucks a nite last minute. it was cleaner than luxor, even with the musty smelling shower! i like the food in there...paradise cafe makes some pretty good food! and their coffee places serve seattle's best and illy. 2 of the best coffees around! the pool also has a snack bar/grill thing! luxor don't have that! :D the only thing that really sucked about hilton is that it's really for older people and families. we got stuck sitting at the pool listening to 80's music for hours! ugh! i can't believe there were enuff songs to fill the whole weekend.
2	After staying at the MGM Grand last year I expected another good experience from a 4-star hotel. Unfortunately I was a bit let down. This hotel is 2 long blocks and a busy street/intersection away from the northern end of the strip (which is pretty much dead most of the time and devoid of night life) and to get to the center strip is a good 20 minute walk (unless one pays for the shuttle metro which is $). For someone who loves to swim laps for exercise the pool was a huge disappointment for me as it is too small for such a large hotel and has no "deep end". Also, I payed $165 for  Friday & Saturday nights and would expect this place to at least include free wireless internet which it didn't. Casino floor was a bit underwhelming. Also, this place has no nightclubs or other night entertainment and the crowd tends to be older and a bit more blue collar. The positives were my room which was very clean, had a new plasma tv, and great views of LV city from the 23rd floor. However, next time I would rather spend $20 more/night and hit the neighboring Wynn or TI hotels on the strip.
2	During my last stay my room included:-an unpleasant odor-a drainage problem-a huge red stain on the carpetingI seriously had to wonder if I was in the Las Vegas Hilton, or Paris Hilton.
4	This was my first trip to Las Vegas.  i was a little worried that it was going to be similar to Cancun or Orlando... i was wrong.  i loved it and the Hilton was a great deal.  We got upgraded to a renovated room which had a comfortable bed and a great view of the strip.  it was nice (for me) to be slightly away from the mad craziness of the heart of the strip.  The Hilton was a monorail stop which was nice too.The pool was ok... not extravagant but not a giant wet tshirt contest either!
1	Parking is a bitch just because the signs are dated..there's a part of the casino that is just trekkied out...the vibe is middle aged people trying too hard to feel young again...the room is whatever..small ass twin beds..tiny ass shower.. Lol i'd say the perk of this hotel is the price and plasma tv..but when you're in Vegas are you seriously gonna watch tv? Also, there are mirrors everywhere ...weird? I shall review the free buffet tomorrow.... But yeah don't stay here because it's far as hell off las Vegas blvd and the room is tiny ;[ --that was the first 2 hours of my stay...now it's my third HOUR there and already I'm getting the rudest service of my life! I booked this room through a site where they said they would give us free stuff yet they can't honor it...and they're going to give me shit for it. To add to the rudeness,  one of the clerks walked away from me in the middle of a freaking question. What a bitch. I was told the manager won't be in until 6am. It is now currently 3:3am on yelp because that's how crappy this hotel is!!!The only PRO about this was the people who were working the morning shift. Too bad the coupons didn't even WORK when we were there.  However, Hilton sent me a survey and I filled out.. They apologized and said next time we stay there, I will get a FREE upgrade.. Thanks but not thanks! Stay the hell away this place sucks.
3	I think this hotel is more for conferences.  It's next to the convention center and off the strip.   The best way to travel to the strip is either cab or take the monorail for 6 bucks a ride or day/multiday pass.  The rooms are somewhat decent, but nothing special.   The casino is small, and the players are even worse.   Stay here, but don't play here.  The pit bosses are friendly and probably the best part of the hotel.Didn't really try the food here.If you can get a deal here, then you should stay, but just keep in mind that it is off the strip.
2	don't let the lobby fool you. it's not all that nice and fancy. it's just another let down. i should have known, with it being a hilton. and, when looking at their website it's pretty devious when they say "short distance from the strip". it's not even short cab ride distance. rooms were large, the bed was comfy, but outdated for sure and their casino stunk. they at least could have offered a lazy river.
2	I am not a big fan of this property.  My most recent visit was due to the fact that my hotel was out of rental cars and I ended up renting here.  The property is pretty old and needs a remodel.  When I was there, the buffet was closed and people were complaining.  They said it was due to the recession.  The Star Trek exhibition/theme ride they had on-site has also closed down a couple of years ago, but the section where it lived remains unchanged and boarded up to this day.  If memory serves me correctly, the newest and nicest thing they had was a Barry Manilow store?!?
3	This hotel is DEFINITELY for conferences. I stayed here for the National Funeral Directors Association Conference (Don't ask). My hotel was classically Vegas, meaning the king size bed was raised up from the rest of the room on a platform with 2 stairs to walk up, and equipped with mirrors on the ceiling. Oh I had a good time laughing at that and the wondering what those mirrors would say if they could talk. Unfortunately, I was there alone and on business. But, the conference areas were wonderful... large enough for 5000. In fact, I had to give an acceptance speech and am used to public speaking, but didn't know I was giving it to 5000 people. Got there with a huge stage, two huge screens, teleprompters,. stage lights, cameras...so Vegas. I was nervous as HECK! Never again will I speak to an audience of that size without note cards. HAHA! The casino waitresses were a bit scary, but the sports book was fun! I love all those sports screens at one time! So, think old school Vegas and you will be all set for this hotel.  Beware though, ever since I stayed here, I seem to be getting interestings emails about how to increase my penis size.  All I can say is that if that stuff worked on me, a woman, every man should try those products!
3	There are things I really like about this hotel and things that are only fair.  The good:  The selection of food/drink options is great.  I stopped in at Fortuna and found they had several nice bottles of wine at half off!  They offered up a nice selection too at around $10/bottle.  The happy hour at Hacienda Margarita is great, granted the regular price of a mexican beer is $6 so at $3 it brings it down to a regular price.  With the appetizers also at half price, HH becomes an excellent deal.  The buffet was actually really good and included champagne at breakfast.  The food looked very fresh, there was a huge selection of items, and everything I tried tasted great.  As an Honors member I received this complimentary with my stay.  The spa area is also very nice.  It has a couple of saunas and a steam room and the locker room is filled with great extras such as fancy lotions, etc.  They also provide fruit and bottled water.  This too is included in your stay if you are an honors member.  The bad:  I was told there wasn't an executive level for Honors members which seems odd since other reviewers have mentioned there is one.  While I was upgraded to a large suite, it was very outdated.  Some of the outlets did not work.  The wet bar didn't have any glassware, utensils, or microwave.  It did have a refrigerator but it seemed to be on its last leg.  The information book in the room didn't really provide much information about the facility which is unfortunate because there is really a lot of options in entertainment, dining, shopping, and relaxing.  They could really capitalize on it better if they provided more information.  All in all, my stay was just fine and I would stay again.  I do hope they make some upgrades though.
2	It's old, it's worn down, it's smoky, it's off the strip, it's just not that great.And it is NOT connected to the convention center.  Do NOT book this hotel thinking it's an easy/quick walk to the convention center.  Especially the South Hall.  It's a good 15-20 min walk to the North Hall.  Add another 7 min to get to the south hall.  It's far enough away to warrant a shuttle bus to the S. Hall at the convention we attended.Restaurants are useless and the food is nasty.Only thing going for this place is the Elvis History.  Nice to know, but I'll never stay here again.
3	First time my hubby & I stayed at a Hilton, and we were really not impressed.  We came here to help out for a couple weeks at the Bikram Yoga teacher training that was held here for 9 weeks.  That's right: 300 Bikram Yogis staying here for 9 weeks at a time, doing 11 yoga classes a week, plus lectures & posture clinic and Bollywood movies til 4am.  All of this happening in a casino environment.  It was a bit surreal at times.  To quote Johnny Depp as Hunter S. Thompson, there were definitely times when I was "Getting the fear."  Walking through a casino full of smokers and gamblers and drunks after a 90 minute Bikram Yoga class is challenging at best, but...  We are Bikram Yogis!  We are sweat-proof, smoke-proof, casino-proof, everything-proof!As for the rooms, we staying in two different ones for 3 nights each, book-ending our stay in Vegas, since we used our timeshare in the middle.  The rooms were small but adequate.The first room was 1516 & it was perfectly nice.  I thought the bed was firm & comfy enough & the tub was standard & clean.  The TV is kindof sad, tho, with not a lot of programming & movies are $15 each!  You can't even pause or rewind them - one chance to watch.  That's it.The second room was 6-122 in the North Tower, which was located by the Scenic Elevator, which is a bit slow, but conveniently located near the gift shop & the yoga tent.  It was a little bigger with a mini fridge & a big, roomy bathtub.The food at the Hilton was sad.  It was hard to get good service anywhere.  Everyone seemed like they hated their job and they were overworked.  The buffet meh.  It's a Buffet.  Paradise Cafe is OK.  Basically a Denny's in a Hilton.  The sandwich shop by the sports bar is decent.  The Margarita place is no better & the sushi at Benihana.  Meh.  Meh.  Meh.I guess I really don't like casinos.  I'll be back if Bikram does another training here, but otherwise the chances are slim to none.
4	This place has gotten a bum rap. I recently visited for a girls weekend of shopping & shows and after reading previous reviews, was almost ready to cancel for fear we were booked in a dump.   Sure, it's off the Strip and it's a little older - but it has a simple, no-nonsense facade & the interior lobby is elegantly understated.  Blazing crystal chandeliers and white 'marble' floors create an upscale look around the front desk & hallways.  We had a package deal - 3 nights for under $180 including 6 free buffet coupons & two 2-for-1 drink coupons at the lounge and an assortment of other coupons for the hotel's restaurants.The valets are quick, the front desk was helpful and check-in was smooth.  We had a room on the 15th floor in the East Tower with an expansive view of...ok, nothing.  But we could leave the shades open and not worry about being woken up by the bright lights of the Strip at all hours.  The beds were posh - I counted 7 different pillows on each bed,  something I always have to request more of.  The bathtub was amaaaaazing...super deep and extremely wide.  It was made for luxuriating in after a long day on your feet  - ladies, don't forget to pack the bath bombs & bubble bars.  We had a huge flat screen tv and a bonus in-room fridge.  The casino was near empty every time we walked through it except for the sports/betting area.  Giant projection tvs displayed football, soccer, horse & dog races and the place was always packed.  We ate at the buffet for on 3 separate occasions, one meal a day for our 3 day trip.  The breakfast/brunch buffet includes a wide variety - crepes, french toast, pancakes, meats, eggs (scrambled, poached, Benedict, omelet), fruits, cereals, breads, desserts & complimentary champagne.  The dinner buffet had Asian dishes, home style foods (like fried chicken, corn on the cob, green beans), crepes, prime rib & roast, crepes, salads, soups, the biggest bowl of shrimp I've ever seen, crab legs, more desserts & complimentary beer or wine.  Everything looked fresh and was kept meticulously clean.  And hello, complimentary champagne, beer & wine, folks!We tried to eat at several of the other restaurants, but kept finding them closed (after finding them at all - Hilton might want to invest in some more signage) inexplicably either for the day or for the between lunch & dinner hours.  The coffee/wine bar was always open & had a selection of cold sandwiches & pasta dishes to tide us over, but it really wasn't a substitute for the giant platter of sushi we had a coupon for.The main Lounge/bar in the middle of the casino was always quiet.  Perhaps it's off-season or people are just chilling elsewhere, but we never saw more than about a dozen people there which is a shame since the interior of the lounge had plush chairs & super-comfy couches.Overall a very nice stay at the Hilton - my only quibbles being signage (a few more to the garage would be nice for self parkers), the near random restaurant hours and the $13.95 PER DAY internet fee.  In this day & age, that should really come with the room.
3	I'm seeing a lot of 2-star reviews for this place, honestly it wasn't that bad. It wasn't my choice to stay here and it probably won't be ever again, but facing the facts the rooms are decent to nice depending on which part of the tower you get to and it's relatively interestingly themed and has some cheap drinks to keep you here even though it's a little distance from the main strip. They have some decent eats and great late night prices, plus cheap tables. It's almost like a compromise between having a mediocre hotel with cheap tables AND good food ... with good being a ... relative term ...Anyway, the only thing I have to complain about is that the showers are really weak and it takes longer than usual in a hotel to get hot water PLUS the shower steams sooo easily that its hard to take a shower with the bathroom door closed. Other than that, they have some great deals sometimes so it's not bad if you're driving to Vegas.
1	There is basically no reason to stay at the Las Vegas Hilton when you could enjoy one of the other fantastic options around town.  First of all, the hotel is reminiscent of the 1970's, both in decor, patronage, and amenities.  Case in point - both Barry Manilow and ABBA have had shows at the Hilton each time I have visited the spot.  The rooms have been broken in, with outdated decor, older televisions, dirty tapestries, and more.  The crowd is cheesy and older...Be prepared to see some interesting characters in wacky clothing.  Lastly, the hotel is located off of the Strip and basically out of the way from all of the action.This is not your typical, upscale Hilton, but a budget Vegas hotel hiding behind a positive brand name.  If you are looking for more affordable options, I would suggest checking into the Flamingo, Tropicana, Bally's, or something actually on the Strip.  You might have a similar "cheese-factor" (as I like to call it), but at least you will enjoy a nice pool and a better location.
5	After having played tennis once or twice in my life before I came to Las Vegas on vacation, I decided it might be fun to take lessons. I noticed the Las Vegas Hilton offered group lessons at $25 for an hour and a half lesson. The instructor Hassan was friendly and made learning easy and fun. I felt the amount that I learned and improved in less than a week was totally unbelievable and that I had not had so much fun in years. I would definitely recommend this to be part of any Las Vegas vacation.
1	This hotel is one of the worst I have ever stayed at. The night of the check-in we waited 2 hours to get our room. There were about 30 people in line and only 2 employees working. In our room, one of the beds didn't even have all the sheets on it. Finally I had a $150 hold put on my card for incidentals and was never notified that the hold was being placed. There are simply too many other hotels in Las Vegas to waste your money on this one.
1	BOOOOOOOOO!!! I've finally had it with this place..... My wife is a lifelong Barry Manilow fan (insert joke here). For the second time I got burned on spending over $250 for a front row ticket that was moved to the side on a folding chair at the last minute, despite earlier confirmation. Dude came out, phoned in an hour, and bailed. Yeah.... he's moving to the Paris..... minus a fan.
4	My husband and I stayed here for 6 days and 5 nights during CES. Even through we didn't get to enjoy the hotel facility, we had a pleasant stay. We stayed in a Grand room. It was big! There was a flat screen TV, and couch. The only thing maybe the light. It was a bit dark for me. Everything looked clean. The bed was comfortable. Shampoo and hair conditioner are from Crabtree and Evelyn. The room was being cleaned fast everyday.For the first night, I requested to have a firm pillow. It was being taken to our room in 15 mins. People in the hotel were nice. The service was good. The best thing about the hotel is the location! It maybe off the strip a bit. It is SUPER CLOSE to the monorail station! I have stayed in Flamingo before. It was next to the monorail station, but you have to walk at least 15 mins to get there! But, the station in Hilton just require a 5-min walk! And, it is also really CLOSE to the Convention Center, just walk for 10 mins.
4	No complaints about LV Hilton.We rented a car, so it was easy access to the LV strip, massages in Chinatown, etc.The room decor is a bit outdated, but for a great rate and decent buffet, I don't mind saving a few bucks, if choose not to room on the LV Strip.Keep it up, LV Hilton!
4	very good! came here superbowl wkend got a great deal online! with promotion poker chip/coupons for the hotel rooms r nice but a lil bit not too good on the showers tho + got  a free night stay coupon sooo i guess im coming back for that next time =]
4	So, I've stayed here twice now.  Both times my husband and I had a pleasant stay.  It's definitely a lot cheaper to stay here since it's off the strip.  However, it helps that there is monorail station attached to the hotel that will take you to the strip.  A major plus is that they usually have package deals which includes coupon's for free drinks, free meal's at their buffet and a variety of other discounts in the hotel.  Overall I've gotta say this hotel has been decent, clean, and cheap...not bad, not bad at all!
3	I stayed here because quite frankly I am a Hilton diamond member so I like the extra perks and the night I was there the room was cost less than the dinner I had too so.  The service was good, but the rooms are all scattered to hell and they have this weird numbering system.  Traveling as much as I do I hate lugging my bags half-way to hell to my hotel room, at least they gave me a room upgrade which makes me want to ask what is their standard room because there was nothing really extra about it.  They stuck me on the 7th floor instead of higher up and the walls are pretty thin.I would say stay here for conventions if you can't get a room anywhere else (because your company is cheap) since it literally next door to the convention center, you are here on a budget, you are old enough to have watched Neil Armstrong walk on the moon, or you are super touristy and its the middle of summer and you have go to Vegas for some reason.Otherwise my stay was fine, the decor is super dated but it was clean and the Hilton beds are always so comfy.
4	minus one star cuz this is all the way at the north side of the strip.ok, wait, minus half a star for that.& minus the other half cuz if valet's full when you pull up, youre fu*ked.guess who has to walk from the 3rd floor of the parking garage (*thats a ways from the front check in desk) all the way to the elevator, all the way to the south tower entrance (& you later find out youre room is in the north tower) then thru the hallways that lead you to the restaurants, the slot machines....ay wey.anyways.the check in lines are always scary packed i noticed. so be prepared to be annoyed.so we got a pretty good deal, in my opinion.6 free buffet tix.4 free drink tix.a bunch of other coupons (i.e, $20 off your check. but that was for that fancy italian joint where one entree is probably $30)2 nights.$128our room was perfect.simple as that.perfect.we would stay here again for sure.oh, & that coffee joint i forgot the name, but that was ridiculously $$$$two coffees, one rock star (not the regular size, but half of that. like a red bull size) & two pastries= $22one more thing..the actual casino part where the tables are.... man theres only like 15 or 20 tables!but we never waited for our drinks (the free ones when youre gambling) so the staff is awesome! thanks ladies!another thing... the buffet was good!egg whites & turkey sausage & strawberries & a pretty good "healthy" selection.
2	I decided to write this review because I found out something interesting for smokers. There is a glass elevator on the side of the hotel facing the parking structure. So next to it is a stairwell that you can use as your smoking patio. Another positive is that the have an easy connector to your mp3 player so you can listing to your jams. Unfortunately these close minded techs decided that you CAN'T connect your video ipod (or otherwise) so you are watching whatever Hilton decides and has no HDTV. The room was a good size... probably 600 SF. I hate it that they don't let you at least CRACK the windows. On the plus side, they had a refrigerator that was empty and not crammed with overpriced drinks and snacks. I thought that it was cool that they integrated a power outlet in the lamp in between the beds, but if you didn't have a certain size plug, it lifts the lamp up. Weird. They hooked us up with free buffet tickets. Free is free and I would rather pay and go elsewhere.  But hey, thats me.
2	If there are 150 lukewarm reviews you can be sure of one thing. It's not great. Furnishings from the 70's...check. Air conditioning doesn't blow cold...check. Nice but small LG plasmas...check. Hotel in bad need of implosion on new years eve...check. Ok, how bout a remodel?  That would do it.
3	Check-in was weird because she couldn't find my reservation from travelocity.com, so it took 5 minutes checking in. After that, there was a guy who tried to sell us a timeshare so we said no to that. We got to our room and were pretty happy. As I was unpacking, there were these loud ppl in the room next to us yelling and screaming. A couple minutes later security knocks on our door telling us someone was a complaint. We told them we just got there 5 minutes ago and that it was the other room. After they left, a couple minutes later we get a call from the front desk of the complaint. We told them that it wasn't us, so they moved us to a different room. They upgraded us to a Jr. Suite on the 27 floor (I think...) which was pretty cool (besides having to repack and move to a different room). It had a king bed and couch, which was much more roomy.The only problems I had after was: a temporary outage on some light switches, the dripping faucet in the bathroom... and the fact that we were asked to keep our voices down since the hotel has a more older crowd that stays there. Ahem?! It's Vegas, isn't it? ...The good things were: close to elevators (which were also close to the parking), free coupons for various things in the hotel, and... the monorail! It travels through the strip which saved us gas $ and time (pretty cheap compared to taxi).I'd say I may or may not stay here again if I visited Vegas again. It was cheap so that's an important factor to me. But... I'm pretty young and only live once so there are plenty of Vegas strip hotels I could be staying at, too.
3	Overall, it was a pretty nice B level hotel.Was here with my fiance for a Passion Parties Convention, and since it's more her show I got to spend most of the time free roaming and playing.Firstly, I'll give this place a good rate on their service.  We got a nice bonus package to most of the places in the hotel, so I spent some significant time everywhere except the spa.  The real downers were with the room itself.  Dunno if it was just my room's location, but the hum of machinery pretty much in the background non-stop was an issue.  We weren't near any of the elevators (service or other), and were high up enough (24'th floor) to not worry about any systems on the roof of the rest of the place, so no clue what caused it.Also, while the room was fairly nice, but had to get switched out of the first one because of unknown stains on the wall next to the bed.  Maybe I'm a bit of a douche for letting it bother me, but odd colored spatters next to where my head rest tend to make me feel less pleased about my surroundings. My second room also had some interesting stain decorations in it, but these I didn't manage to notice until the morning I checked out.Really, location didn't seem an issue to me. I didn't really feel the need to rent a car, and the monorail made for a quick ride to the strip when I wanted to wander. Came and left as a group, so we ended up taking a limo both ways to the airport, which made that trip fairly easy.I've enjoyed staying at various Hilton's in the past, and while I didn't particularly hate my experience here I don't know if I'll be back on my next trip.
4	I always have an awesome experience here. I have no idea how I became a VIP guest, but it never fails. Every time I stay here they want to upgrade me for free. I gamble here for free, eat here for free, and drink for free. I personally love it here, it's clean, big, the rooms are nice and the service is good. I am happy, and I will be back. Its a great alternative from staying right on the strip. It's not always the best idea to sleep right next to the party, but your close enough here. Oh, and the room prices are great.
2	I expect better from a Hilton. Nothing terrible, but a lot of little irritations.- if you don't want to valet, you are directed to a different entrance so that you get to schlep your luggage a few hundred yards to check-in. That is just tacky. (but it's Vegas baby!)- after we checked in, late, tired, a guy behind the desk caught us and started trying to pressure sell some sort of prepay three nights get a free night deal. Again, tacky (but it's Vegas baby!)- I'm 6'1" tall, the shower head sat at around 5'3". I really hate turning into a pretzel to wash my hair.- First night, we checked into a room, and the A/C was broken. To their credit they quickly moved us to a new room, but there the TV was broken. The property is a bit tired and needs some work.- To their credit, we forgot an item, we called while on the road, they went up to the room, found it, put it in their property room, and we claimed it when we returned.I ding them because I know they can do better. I have had excellent experiences in other Hiltons.
2	This past weekend was a good friend's birthday weekend.  So as a last minute decision, I decided to go with the Hilton to save a little coin.  Coin that would be put to better use at Lavo and Tao.I had no problems with the room, checking in, or checking out.  Everything went fine.  The remote control for the television could have used a fresh battery but it wasn't a biggie.  I just had to do the old "turn the batteries back and forth" trick.The bathroom was renovated and had a contemporary design.  The tub was huge, but the shower head was low.  Great if you're 5'8" or shorter, but at 6'0", I had to bend down just a tad to get my hair wet.My one gripe about the hotel is the buffet.  It was outrageously over-priced at $20.  Although that was the brunch price, and alcoholic brunch drinks were included in the pricing, the food selection definitely left me wanting more.  Compared to a standard buffet like the one offered at The Orleans, for instance, the Hilton's buffet was absolutely junior varsity.I will probably never stay here again.  Parking was a hassle.  The parking deck was not connected to the hotel so you had to walk across two roadways just to get into the hotel.  Quite the design flaw in my opinion.  Valet was full each time I tried to utilize the service...another ding.That's not hot...
3	I stayed here for the first time over the weekend since they were running one of the best deals in Vegas. This is normally rare I've found over a few years with this hotel since they seem to book well due to the location near the convention center. I was familiar with the hotel before staying here for the first time. I love the buffet and the gambling area isn't too shabby. The sports betting is a great place to have some fun and watch the games over the weekend. Now with my hotel room I became quickly unimpressed with the hotel sadly. Once I arrived they checked me in and I was off to the north tower. Once inside I wanted to place a wake up call but nobody ever picked up......The room had a nice makeover but it was missing parts like the gear cover to our door. Then moving to the bathroom the bath was chipped all over the place and lacking paint on about 15% of it. Getting in around 2:00am we went on a hunt for a quick drink before we headed back to bed and couldn't figure out how to get one......All and all book the Hilton for pure convenience or a Star Trek wedding. If your stuck at the convention center for a huge convention (like SEMA) where the taxi line has more people in it than all the Strip Clubs in Clark County you will be glad you picked the Hilton Hotel. If you want luxury feeling or any kind of service you should look elsewhere.
2	One thumb up.. One thumb down.. I give this hotel a big fat MEH. Its an old hotel and it attracts a lot of older folks. Although all casinos are smoky this one takes the cake.. I held my breath every time I had to walk through the lobby.The one thing this place gets my full vote on is the fact that, unlike most hotels, their pool is open 365 days a year. If you find a super cheap room here and are willing to stay off the strip its an okay place just to sleep. The room looked fine at a glance but I fear that the daily cleaning is not that thorough, considering the fact that we had a dirty used band-aid beside our bed the entire length of our stay.For the price I paid I would have been happier at a Holiday Inn or something along those lines.
3	If I had a choice of hotels to stay in while in Vegas, I wouldn't necessarily pick the Hilton, especially if I were looking for a resort/mega-hotel experience.  We stayed here because they host a ballroom dance competition that we competed in.  The Hilton is located off the strip but close enough so that you don't need a car (you can take a tram to the strip).  In general, it's less crowded and feels less hectic than if you were to stay on the strip.  However, the line to check in was super long (it looked like the line at Disneyland for the Matterhorn!).  If you're a Hilton Honors member, you can check in at the signficiantly shorter VIP line.  My uber-smart husband started out standing in the 45-minute long line, and as he was waiting, he signed up to be a Hilton Honors member using his iPhone.  Then he moved over to he super short Hilton Honor's line and got us checked in in a couple of minutes.   We upgraded our room from the basic room and it turned out to be large and generically decent.  They also have more basic rooms which haven't been rennovated, and I have a feeling those rooms may not be as nice, although I never got to see them.  Even though we had an upgraded room, there were still a few things that were inconvenient.  For two nights in a row when I took a shower at 1 am there wasn't any hot water.  Also you can't set a specific temperature for the heating/air conditioning.  The view outside of our room was pretty dismal (a country club community that looked a bit like army barracks because of the wired fence surrounding the compound).Overall, I would recommend staying here if the prices are inexpensive, but you'll probably be underwhelmed by the amenities.
3	The Las Vegas Hilton is a great location if you want to stay off the strip but near, have the full casino expierence without staying at a strip hotel and if you are attending an event at the LV convention center, then this is your place. Granted, if none of the above apply, there are better hotels to stay at. Recently I just completed a one night stay here and overall, the hotel did not WOW! me nor did it turn me off. The rooms are spacious and well appointed, restaurants are plentiful and gaming floor pleasant. If it were not for the fact that I was trying to regain my Diamond Status with Hilton hotels and their dirt cheap rates during the week, there is no real reason I would ever come to this hotel. On a side note, they have an awesome sports book! I mean, it's just not just a sports book, it's a SUPERBOOK! Good times!
3	I have only stayed at three off-strip hotels in Las Vegas, Hooters, Hard Rock and the Las Vegas Hilton and out of those three, it is number two on my list. One of the best things about the hotel is the offers. For a couple of years now, I have been offered a deluxe room with six free buffets, two free drinks at a bar, discounts off meals and the spa and there are virtually no blackout dates for these offers. It is pretty hard to complain about spending $130 after tax on room and food if you choose to utilize all the free buffet coupons. The rooms themselves are not bad, but make sure you upgrade to at least a deluxe room. The last time I went I forgot to upgrade and went into the standard room and demanded to be upgraded. The standard room has the beds that seem very small, the bathroom that is really small and what is weird is that the room has HDTV's but none of the channels come in HD.  What drove me nuts is that they wanted to charge me for using their safe, which was so small that it could not fin my 13-inch Macbook Pro. The deluxe room is much larger, seems much cleaner, the bathroom seemed to be redone recently and I do not believe I was charged for using a larger safe but I am not 100% sure about that. The casino itself is not very large if you play table games, a little bit larger for slot players.  I have done well playing blackjack there very early in the morning, like between 2AM-6 AM but every time I play there during the day, I get killed. The dealers there are also very old school, some will joke with you and join you in conversation while others will just ignore the fact that you are there. The buffet is not bad, seems better for breakfast. They have an omelet maker on duty that will make a very good omelet and the French toast is also very good. For dinner, you have your standard options, meat, seafood, salad and Mexican. I do not remember seeing sushi, not sure I would have eaten it if I did. The best thing about the LV Hilton is the pool and cabanas. The pool basically has its own floor and it is large and the cabanas they offer are very affordable. They come with tons of drinks, TV's, chairs and some even have a little grass patch to hang out. The spa is also very nice, with great saunas, a small but nicely stocked gym as well as a variety of different hot tub temps.One thing about the Hilton is that the valet parking can take a very long time, especially if there is a show at the theater. Even as a guest, it can take 30 minutes to park your car and if you want your car back during a show, forget it. Overall, the place is not bad, with the deals I receive from the resort, I cannot always turn it down but it is never going to be my first choice.
3	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in! The room itself was not bad, but they charged for everything, including printing out a boarding pass. The front desk staff were rude (several of them).They charged my boyfriend's debit card for the room and an additional $100 upon checking in when the front desk guy said he was only running a $50 dollar deposit... $50.00... $281.00... close enough? Not so much. Not to mention when I switched it over to my credit card, the $281 was not credited back to his account for over a week! We ordered room service.... they came over 2 hours later when they had said it would take about 30 minutes.I was extremely disappointed and expected a lot more from a Hilton. We will NEVER go near this place again.--update--Since changing to LVH, they have improved. We stayed here for wedding after our first experience because it's where the wedding was hosted. I was hesitant, but I was happy that improvements had been made.Changing my from 1 to 3.
3	I can't gripe too much, cuz I didn't use much of the hotel. The room was clean, the service was average, and it was reasonably convenient for the price (got a room for $90/night at hotwire).My beef with the Hilton (and this may be a Vegas thing in general) is they nickel and dime you, but with $5 and $10. Internet = $14!?! seriously!? That was a free service at every motel I used that week, and it doesn't come with a $100 room!?! Greeting gift water bottles have a "you're gonna get charged $4 if you drink this!" tag.BUT, having a monorail station IN the hotel was super convenient, they have a self-park so you don't have to valet, the valet was quick when I used it, so semi-kudos to you Hilton.
1	I have stayed at this hotel many times over the years, Mainly because it's connected to the Convention Center. The economy certainly has hit this old Hotel. It was minimally staffed and some of the restaurants were closed on certain days. Room Service was prompt albeit EXPENSIVE! $30 for a pot of coffee, a croissant and an order of bacon. I will stay at one of the Marriott properties from now on.
3	The hotel is older (the bathrooms specifically could stand a refurb)...but they are VERY spacious for the price, which if you're in town for a few days you might appreciate. I'm not a fan of the food here, but the fact that the monorail stops at the hotel is uber-convenient, so just go elsewhere to eat on your cheapo transit pass. The cafe off the lobby was specifically gross this trip, but I didn't have time to get anywhere decent until later in the day so I gave it a shot and was disappointed. Still, I'd stay here again if I needed to be on this end of town and the rate was right.
4	People that gave bad reviews this place are on crack. That or, the Hilton has since remodelled (we were on the 19th floor of the North tower). That or, the other reviewers really loved this place and want to keep it a secret from other Yelpers.   We drove into Vegas on a Friday night and made a same day telephone reservation with two double beds for $80 including tax.After reading reviews we set our expectations pretty low - but our room was really large even by Vegas standards. The decor was pleasant and new-age and the beds were so damn comfy it's not even fair because I hate wasting time in the hotel.Yes, it is not on the strip. But there is a monorail stop right outside the hotel which for $5.50 takes you on a 10 min ride to the MGM or Paris.I would definitely stay here again.
3	Not the best place I have stayed at in Vegas but certainly not the worst either.   The rate is cheap and a GREAT deal for Diamond Hilton members seeing they give you 2 free breakfast buffets every day, free use of the spa and access to the VIP lounge (which is a great benefit if you like beer, I just wish they still had hard liquor since I am not a beer drinker but free soft drinks are nice).I don't gamble much so never get any comps at the casinos, but it is nice bieng able to acces sthe VIP line for the buffet.  If you are a hilton diamond member you have access to the VIP line at the buffet and VIP checkin line and VIP lounge even if you don't gamble a penny in the casino.Location isn't right on the strip but I like it.  The monorail is right there and you can take the Duece bus to the strip or fremont street.For Hilton diamond members I definitely recomend this hotel.
2	The front desk and other staff were outstanding - very friendly and  professional. My room, on the other hand, was surprising considering Hitlon's above-average reputation.The room was very bland, the tub/shower had several stains (eeww), lighting was poor, the room was serviced every day but the sheets were never changed. Yes, it was easy to determine this. I'm still hope the towels were clean (eeww!) The cable television was all snowy. Granted I didn't spend much time in the room. The below-average care was obvious. Even one of the elevator buttons was broken (wires hanging visible) all week.Considering the nightly room rate, there are other places I would stay next time.The buffet was great! Prime rib, steak, seafood at every meal along with complimentary draft beer and champagne. I never went to breakfast, but friends told me it was really good.
3	so keep in mind that this is an older hotel...and that it is off the strip.  there's a monorail right outside the hotel but i think you're better off just renting an economy car for the price of going back and forth.  the area is quiet...and mostly older peeps stay here.  so if you're looking for that party dardy type of atmosphere...then this isn't the place for you!  the front desk person was really nice...she was able to give us an upgrade to a grand room for 16 bucks a night.  they didn't have any one bed rooms available...but the 2 bed room was just as spacious.  the upgraded rooms are in the north tower.  the bed itself was very comfy...lots of pillows...and a pillow top mattress which made it hard for me to unplop myself from the bed.  600 sq. ft, 37" plasma screen tv, a little living room area with a couple of couches, a desk by the window...and a pretty large bathroom.  for the most part, i was extremely content with our room.so the downsides...the cleanliness of the room was definitely questioned.  the fridge had old food in it...i found chips on the floor...made me wonder how clean was the rest of our room.  the bathroom was super dark.  the toilet was slightly illuminated but the shower was pitch dark.  oh, and the creepy door by the tv stand which connects to the other room...it looks like they remodeled the entire room but forgot to change that old school door with a chain.  haha.  oh, and they charge $13.99/day for internet.  but it doesn't look like they charge resort fees so it balances out.  if you opt out of cleaning your room in the morning, you get a $5 certificate for food or drinks in the hotel.  you also get a huge amount of coupons just by staying there...free spa, free drinks, free buffets, free gifts, free show tickets...FREE FREE FREE!  the casino was pretty sad...hardly any people there...older slot machines...very few tables...a couple of the dealers were really friendly...but i don't think i saw anybody win.  but who goes here to gamble anyway right?i'd definitely stay here again...it's away from the loud and craziness but close enough to be a part of it also!
2	Old school Vegas and off the strip, but if you want to see some history, this is the place. Elvis was in the building. They opened up a section with dancers at the blackjack tables. How can you not like that. This is why they got 2 stars. If not for the dancers, they would have gotten one or no stars. Hey, I won $300 the last time I was there, so the slots are a bit loose.
3	Stayed here for a two night stay this past weekend.  I got an email for a great weekend which included six buffets, so my friend and his girlfriend wanted to get away for the weekend.  The room was clean, the television was a flat screen. Plenty of towels, no frills toiletries and cold A/C will accompany your stay.Spent some time at the pool, since that was one of the main reasons for getting away.  The pool isn't the Hard Rock, so don't expect rock hard abs and Perfect Ten models.  But it was big enough to wade around, they had a pool bar with 2-1 drinks and background music that wasn't too obnoxious.  This is the place where you want to get some sun, but not feel like you have everyone judging the color of your swimsuit. We had a mountain view room, but really, who stays in their room unless they are on a romantic getaway or trying to go "baller" status for a bachelor party?  Got a great deal, with nothing really to complain about.  Given the price, I would come back again, but I do like the strip hotels much better if I had to pay the rack rate.
3	Stayed at the Las Vegas this past weekend and I have to say it was pretty average.  It's definitely not shiny and new like the Aria, elegant like the Wynn or hip like every hotel on the strip but there are a few pros to the LVH and some cons too.For this trip I decided I was tired of wasting my money on a baller hotel room that I barely used and decided to book cheap here as I've stayed here when I was 21 and broke.  The hotel has significantly changed since then.  When I booked the room, they had a wide variety of rooms to reserve and their respective price points which gave you an idea that you get what you pay for.  So I went very cheap, booked their lowest priced room, no view, no freebies, nothing.The front desk experience well, they just want you in and out before the line grows and I can't blame them, that line does get long.  I'll skip the details of what went on.  Checked into the room and it was pretty standard for any Hilton.    The room itself was very inconsistent.  It had a flat screen TV, a newer credenza but the rest of the furniture in the room didn't match, like the nightstands were from 10-years ago, the lamps were from 5-years ago, the carpet must've been changed in 2-3 years, etc.  However, the bathroom, man...talk about blast from the past!  It had the Hollywood style lights, you know, the two strips of white bulbs.  A pink countertop and a huge soaking tub/shower which was that faux marble looking crap that had to be from the 70's.  It felt like I was in that movie, "Hot Tub Time Machine."  Just because it looked old, I questioned it's cleanliness but that's just me.  Overall though, the room was great and the bed was super comfy, as if I've never slept any better in my life!Oh yeah, the room safe didn't work but got charged $3.00/day for it anyways.  What a rip off.  I didn't notice it until I got the e-mailed folio but, it's not worth fighting over.The pool area is disappointing.  They had no umbrellas or trees, not to mention the pool was quite small.The rest of the hotel/casino was okay, it's mostly a chill, older crowd, but an oasis if you want to get away from the bustling strip.  Speaking of which, it's a little bit of a ways from the strip so you'll need a car or, just jump on the Monorail or the Deuce to find your way there.If you do self-parking, it can be pretty hard to find a spot, especially during the evenings but, why bother with the hassle when there's free valet parking?  And PLEASE, tip the valets, they haul ass running through that 100f+ parking lot to get your car.Overall, had a nice stay at the LVH.  I'd stay again but I'd choose a "Deluxe" or "Superior" room the next time around.
3	I'm kind of sad that the hotel only gets three stars, but their customer service is so rude!Well first of all, the hotel itself wasn't too bad.  I stayed in the standard and the premium room, and for some reason, the standard room was slightly better (better tub, bigger room space, awesome hollywood style mirror, although they had an awkwardly raised toilet).  The only thing better about the premium room was the mini fridge which we kept stocked with drinks from the AM/PM across the street (hey, it's HOT here in July!) and the unraised toilet (yes it bothered me that much).  But the beds here are amazing!  I didn't want to get up most of the time...  But like other yelpers said, they have some major drainage issues (took at least 5 minutes after my shower for all the water to drain).But now the reason why this hotel sucks.  They overbooked and wanted me to go to a hotel down the street the first night... uh, no.  So we stayed and got $20 credited (except no one told us that it was a food credit for use in the hotel only, until we asked about it on our day of checkout and two managers later, they told us that it was a food credit).  Kind of sucks because we ate at Benihana's, Superbook Deli, and Fortuna and didn't know to charge it to our room for the stupid credit.I also had issues with their food and service manger Karen.  Basically my boyfriend and I like late night snacks, so we kept going to the Superbook Deli.  They're supposed to serve a "special menu" after 1am, and the normal menu until then, yet when we came at 12:50am, 12:40am, and 12:25am on different nights and they said they can only serve us the special menu.  Fed up after the THIRD NIGHT in a row, we called the manager (Karen), who had us on hold for ten minutes before answering only to rudely say "oh, they're not supposed to serve you at all until 1am so just be glad you got any food."  Uhh, the place is freaking open 24 hours and yet that special time between 12am-1am isn't part of 24 hours?  I'm not stupid, so don't treat me like I am.  Kind of disappointing, because the food was really good and pretty cheap.So all in all, a great place to stay if you manage to not talk to anyone who works there.
2	The Hilton is a mediocre hotel, at best. My family decided to sleep here for the night. Bad economy and all, but it was a Saturday and room prices were a bit high. Hilton offered a standard room with two double beds at a nifty price of $79.99. The franchise was an illustrious one for its cleanness and a nuance of luxury, so I said, why the hell not?Unfortunately... this hotel is unique from other Hilton's.PROS:- Check-in is quick and painless.- Ample number of rooms.CONS:- Parking lot is far off from the room; unlike other hotels, you need to park your car, get out, then walk some to reach the Hilton building.- The bathroom SMELLS. It reeked badly of B.O. Thank god for my Irish Spring soap, it eliminated the smell a bit. Jeez, does Febreze not work for the housekeepers?- The location - either a plus or minus. For me, the fact that it was off the Strip was a minus.- Poor bed; horrendous for people with back-pain!Will not come back! You should give up a few more bucks to stay at, per se, Luxor; they are both three-and-half star, but Luxor is far cleaner and has more ambiance.
2	I have to echo Gary review. I booked a stay based on my Hilton Honors rewards and regret doing so. Although the staff was great. The Hotel itself has seen better days. Rooms were very out dated and showed some definate wear and tear. The worst part of our stay was beileve it or not the elevators. We were on the 19th floor and every morning the evelvators took 25-30 minutes to catch a ride down. Very limited and full. It was crazy. There were people throwing fits at the desk over the wait. I was on R&R. Not a major issue but DAMN! and it was like I was gonna haul my but down 19 fights of stairs. I will say this though. The bar tenders there are jonny on the spot with some kick ass drinks. StRoNg! I'm still recovering. Here's mud in your eyes guys. I don't think I'll stay another night. Points or no points. Sorry Hilton.
2	I've stayed here 5 times over the last 3 years or so, and as much as I love to praise Hilton Hotels, I got nothin' on this one. The bathrooms are SO outdated: tile is beat, the shower/tub is small, grout is stained, etc. The worst part about the bathrooms are the EXTREMELY LOW shower heads. If you're taller than 5'4", you'll be leaning over to wash your hair. Seriously. This hotel is in dire need of a renovation. Other than that, room service is good (but pricey of course). Casino is nothing special. Hotel is not on the strip, but is connected to the monorail which'll drop you off at the MGM. I think I'll stay at the Hampton Inn Tropicana from now on... at least they offer a complimentary breakfast. :)
2	BOOKING / CHECK IN: booked online (bed breakfast package, king bed, no smoke). get there at 12midnight, huge line to check in. customer service is rude! they said a reservation is only a request and then tried to shove us in a smoking room, then called and acted as though she did us a favor by putting us in a non smoke room (by the elevator). never gave us our breakfast coupon or opened up our room so it would be charged, hubby had to go back down to correct her mistake.CASINO: played in casino (cocktail waitress was too good to bring us a beer)? have no idea what her problem was.CHECK OUT: this lady threw the bill at me, i asked because it was kind of confusing the way they list all charges, she got a pen, circled stuff and was very rude, embarassed me completely. No one every welcomed us or thanked us for staying there.SPA: I had booked 2 massages, never got them, they were unable to do any day / time we wanted and could only tell us what they could do, and couldnt accomodate what we wanted. THE ROOM: tiny drops of blood on the white bead spred? room appeared to be clean other than that, cheap shower, head was falling out of wall & sink was cracked.For $100 (approx.) per night, I would of expected better!GOOD POINTS:Virginia is a bartender there - she is funny! and provides great conversation! :)Valet - they are all very polite!
2	Maybe this place and I got off on the wrong foot, the rooms are ok the ac cranks pretty well, they have nice flatscreens and the shower puts out hot water.  Unfortunately it is a bargain hotel so you do get some "interesting" folks in the elevator en route to your room.  If you book the resort things get a little nicer, they have an exclusive (using the term lightly) lounge, give you free wi fi and even have complimentary wine and beer during the evening hours.  Thats where the upside ends,  The pool is incredibly small and shaped weird, the drinks are watered down and the dining is laughable.  I tried to get a bite to eat and ended up having to go to 3 places before I could find a decent meal to go.First I went to Tres Rios, The Vince Niel Place, and learned that the actual kitchen has been closed for 18 months and they only do happy hour drinks and appetizers, Literally thats all they open for, then I try to go to the Benihana garden and hit up the sushi bar they have in there to grab a few rolls for my wife and I and learn they are CLOSED FOR THE SUMMER, finally I have to go the cafe and order a boring grilled chicken sandwich.  I would have gone to another casino but I had my kid and my wife waiting for me upstairs.  Who closes a Mexican food joint with a celebrity owner and a Sushi place in Vegas??  The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because the rooms are alright and they give free soft drinks, beer and wine for the resort club members.If you stay here thats fine but dont expect to spend any other time/money here other than sleeping and re hydrating after the partying you did the night before.  If I can avoid coming here again I will.
2	Re: the regular rooms this place is a pit stop kind of hotel.  Not the type of place where you spend a lot of time in the room/pool/casino.  i would only stay here with a discount.  Feels & looks like late 70's throwback.
2	The Hilton Hotel in not what it looks like in the pictures. The pool is tiny and the rooms are disgusting! I would recommend a place like Mandelay Bay or The Belagio.
4	Stayed there with my family this summer 2010 for two nights.  Have stayed there a couple times a few summers before.  The room was super.  Everyone I came in contact from the staff was fantastic.  Love the buffet...so many choices.  Highly recommend this hotel.  Has maintained excellent service and high quality clean rooms.
3	You definitely get what you pay for!  The room is spacious but a total 80' s throw back as far as decor goes. My only major complaint is that the A/C in our room was ill equipped to deal with the  heat of July in Las Vegas.  My hubby and I couldn't sleep as it never cooled off enough to get comfy.  The room was more than adequate as far as sq footage, cleaniness and comfort goes regardless of the obvious need for updating in the decor.  But again, cant complain too much as we got this room for $59.00 a night and the monorail runs to pretty much anywhere you wanna go on the strip!  For the location and the price it is a decent stay.  Not jumping up and down but the support staff is friendly and helpful.  I actually found the front desk help to be the most charming, friendly and unpretentious I have yet to encounter in Las Vegas. Didn't spend any time in the bars, lounges, restaurants or casinos so I can only tell you about the room.  If you are lookin' for a conveniently located place to stay cheap this definitely an option.
1	The only reason why my wife and I stayed here was because the trade show we were going to was at the hotel...We didn't want to have to drive at all or pay for a taxi.  Pretty standard Vegas for you.  Service is horrible, HORRIBLE.  Front desk always ducks you.  I'm sorry, but if you work front desk/hospitality and you can't say, "Hello." or attempt to not look bored, get a different job.  I'm so sick of staff in hotels that are pissed off that they have to provide service while they work their service job.We get into the room and since we just get done with our 5 hour drive, I head to the bathroom.  To much surprise, the toilet seat was actually dirty.  No joke, there was actual brown matter on the toilet seat.  My wife, being the one that made the reservation and some what a little more calm about this, goes back down to the rude front desk to figure out how they could give us a room with actual crap on the toilet seat.  Some deep breaths later, I go to turn the TV on... Wonderful...The remote doesn't work.  Hulk smash?  I wish...So my wife requests a no smoking floor and what do they upgrade her to?  A smoking suite...A just smoked in suite...She goes back to the front desk and asks what the hell is going on.  I'm pretty livid at this point.  After two room changes, 0 comp and 0 upgrades, we pretty much decided that if it wasn't for this hotel's convention center, the hotel will would best be served with a couple tons of C4...I have a much different review for the actual casino, but as for the hotel, their staff needs a serious overhaul.
3	Okay, it's not the newest, latest, greatest, coolest hotel in Las Vegas. Far from it in fact. I stayed 8/21-23 using my HHonors points so the room and the Resort upgrade were free. The rooms are average at best, has a big screen, the bathtub is big enough for two. The view was okay, I could see the Stratosphere and downtown. They have gotten rid of the god-awful Star Trek thing they had downstairs, only remnants remain. The casino is average at best, the food is so-so however the buffet does have beer and wine included so bonus! The world's largest Benihana is here! Another bonus I suppose if you like the show and all, plus ZZTop and all the acts of yesteryear seem to pass through. The biggest plus is because I was staying at no charge I still wanted to go to the strip with my wife and we were able to do this since the LV Tram has a stop direclty on the side of the hotel with no long walk involved like the other hotels. Also went to the pool area for a few hours, the waitstaff is nice, brought drinks out quickly. The hot tub was somewhat gross, a kid got a bloody nose in it and that's when we realized the water was kind of murky. Clientele was 50+, definitely not your father's pool, oh wait, it is your father's pool! 3 stars, it's the most I could muster, I think with each passing year however it will lose another star until they do a massive upgrade.
2	I've been coming to the Las Vegas Hilton for years for conventions. It's definitely not a stylish Strip hotel, but in the past the rooms have been clean and spacious. Not this time. I checked into my room only to find that it had not been cleaned. There was hair in the bathroom. Garbage was still in the trash cans. There were crumbs on the table and the bed had been laid on. In addition, all the drawers were open to the dresser. When I called down to the front desk they didn't believe me at first saying "my computer indicates that the room has been cleaned." I told the front desk that they could come check it for themselves. They did bring us a key to a new room, but it was in a far wing and not a real upgrade or anything for the inconvenience. My other gripe is that half the restaurants (Noodle bar, sushi place and the Mexican place) were closed during the convention. Seems like a huge missed opportunity for businesss. I also asked about a show they have and the front desk was clueless as to what we were talking about even though it's advertised throughout the hotel. Now that the convention will be moved to a different hotel, next year I will not be coming back to the Hilton. This places desperately needs a makeover. It's a tomb. There's nothing going on here ever.
2	Stayed here for free as a gift from a friend with dinner and spa services included - and I'm sure glad I didn't pay for it because it was disappointing!  We had dinner in TJ's steakhouse where our server was almost non-existent, I don't know where he was at.  Food was decent but it was probably the worst service I've ever had.  The room was ok - old of course but clean.  My girlfriend and I both got a massage the next day in the spa and both of our therapists were terrible!  I would compare my massage to an oil application by an asthmatic sasquatch.  Seriously, this woman was breathing like there was no oxygen left for her.  And despite several requests, she didn't increase the pressure, just kept applying the oil like she was buttering a dinner roll. I would have like to given the Hilton good reviews, it's part of Vegas history.  But they should take some notes from Caesar's Palace and other hotels that have adapted to the times.
1	Stayed here during a convention because the convention was at the hotel, I will never stay here again. It would be worth driving here or taking a taxi in order to stay somewhere else. The worst thing is the bathrooms, they have run 2 four foot fluorescent lights on each side of the bathroom mirrors that are bright and obnoxious. This is a horrible thing in Vegas.Bad restaurants, too expensive for what you get, far from the strip and overall just crappy.One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at
4	I recently was back in Las vegas for the 12th time in 3 years and found myself back at LVH. I have stayed everywhere in Las Vegas and have found this place to be be the best place for my lifestyle. I dont enjoy places that are too busy or have a party vibe and the LVH fits in perfectly for what im looking for.This time I only stayed 1 night but for a few hiccups I was once again happy.I got to Hilton at arounf 230pm and got checked in very quickly. The front desk people were very friendly as usual. After I got to my room I  got my only 2 hiccups. First I was on the 3rd floor...LAME! I paid for an upgraded room and was told my room was going to be on a floor between 22-29 I think. I didnt complain because unless you do something totally horrible I will just deal with it. Second and last complaint was that the view from my window was of the golf course which is okay but if you looked down all I saw was the dumpsters. Okay, not exactly perfect but since I wasnt going to spend alot of time in my room and was only staying 1 night it wasn't a huge problem.I got to my room and it was nice. It suited my needs for the day and was very comfortable. I quickly got unpacked and headed for the pool (which conveintly happens to be on the 3rd floor) and sat down by the pool and just relaxed. The pool had maybe 20 people in it and was very quiet..just the way I like it. Stayed at the pool for about an hour headed back to my room to get changed again.After changing I made a B line for the gaming floor. I decided I wanted to play some slots so I found my favorite slot (Goldfish) and sat down and started playing. I decided I wanted a few drinks and found my cocktail waitress (which she was amazing...forget her name tho) and ordered some wine. She came back very quickly and this girl was on her A game because everytime I was about finished with my drink she was there with a new one. I stayed at the slots for about 2 hours maybe moreand decided it was time to go with an extra few bucks in my pocket and a very satisfied patron.After that I didnt spend much more time in the hotel since I was meeting some friends down at Ballys but when I returned later that night I was hungry and stopped in at Paradise Cafe and got something to take to my room. I ordered an omlette with coffee. The omlettes there at Paradise Cafe are always great and the coffee is probably the best coffee in town. If I wasn't staying at LVH I would def make a special trip just to get coffee. I wish my casino had that coffee. After eating part of my meal I jumped into bed and had a wonderful sleep. The beds were comfortable and it was very quiet. The next morning I got packed up went to the front desk and checked out.I lover this place. I have never had a horrible experience here. It's off the strip on the north end of town and its very quiet and easy to get in and out off. The atmosphere is great because its a more mature clientle. I will def be back at Hilton soon but I hope I can get off the 3rd floor.
2	Rooms are decent and the beds are VERY COMFY! Free access to the pool and amenities when we went.Downside: Our toilet was spewing like a geyser and we saw a humungo roach crawl across the floor. Called maintenance/front and they acted like we should've expected it....that was after the 3rd call to them. WOW!Tip: Try the raspberry mojito at the pool bar. The 2 for 1 drink specials are gonna get you snockerbockered!
3	Got the Parlor Suite with 4 rooms. Was perfect for a large group. We had a great time and were loud and nobody bothered us. Clearly by the other reviews and my experience there is a major plumbing problem. A section of my carpet was soaked the entire weekend. The Hotel is highly under staffed as everything took FOREVER!!! Baggage, Housekeeping, Valet. There was an hour long line just to get my bell checked bags upon checkout!! I should have just carried them down myself. All and all its a great place for a large group to lay their heads on a big party weekend.
4	I use Hotwire a lot now for booking hotels, and got into this Hilton on a deal this week.  Being I was there on business (and not at the convention center), I was hoping for a place away from the Strip.  I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.  The hotel grounds are very big, and well done.  The lobby was nice, and front desk very accessible from the front door/valet.  First big plus.  Next, the rooms were fantastic.  Perhaps a little wear, beds were great, nice big desks, internet for a fee (wired and wireless), and a fairly decent selection of places to eat in the hotel (when we did not feel like going back out).  Too, this hotel is on the one end of the monorail should you care to venture out without a cab.  I did not gamble really on this trip, but the casino seems like it had a lot of the Pai Gow, and other odd card games.
3	This is the first hotel in all my travels around the world where I've been charged for a safe.  Other than that, the room was OK, certainly not luxury. Really the main problem is that it's away from the action off the Strip.  Fortunately, it does have a stop on the Monorail.  Had it not been for the Monorail, I probably wouldn't have stayed there.  Even though the food and drinks are cheaper here, I decided not to hang around the hotel, since it doesn't make sense to go to Vegas and then hang out at a place that's away from all the action.  One thing worth noting is that the neighborhood around this area looks a bit run down and somewhat dangerous.  It's probably OK walking around here in larger groups, but walking alone late at night doesn't seem like a good idea.
4	I was just here over the past weekend and i'd have to say i had a BLAST.  I don't normally gamble but i was just playing quarter slots while i waited for my roommate and my baby sister to come out of the restroom.  My sister is such a lame ass but she nagged me until i broke down and let her go on this Vegas getaway so i let her use my old Driver's license to go to the bar.  I swear if 2 different bartenders didn't check our ID's, she would've been thrown out! i seriously feel that i'm bad influence heehe.  Anyhow, i won $40 from the quarter slot but the machine malfunctioned and didn't pay out! I called security and they took care of it immediately and on top of it, they gave me 4 free passes for their breakfast buffet!!! YAY, free food! The breakfast buffet wasn't that great but it wasn't bad food...i mean come on, after all...it was free :)  I can't believe they even gave us 8 free drink coupons too!  The room we got was pretty nice, it had fresh carpet,  a 40" flat screen tv, and a fully stocked mini fridge which of course i wouldn't suggest taking anything out of since items in this mini fridge was expensive.  The valet guys there were super nice too.  The registration line was kind of long but it moved pretty quick, like within 15 minutes we were in front of the line waiting to check in.  The atmosphere is not really catered to young people but it wasn't an unfriendly place.  Seems like all casino staff were pretty nice.  Out of all the times i've been to Vegas, this time it seems pretty dead for a weekend.  Must be the economy.  Anyhow, i went to their TEMPO BAR & LOUNGE and although it wasn't one of those super busy or nice bars, i liked the fact that it was low key and not soo intense.  Believe it or not, i'm not into busy crowded places....too much drama....Once in awhile, it's nice to hang out at a more calm place and enjoy company of a few close friends and my bratty sis :)
4	Made the drive up from Phoenix, AZ to take in Vegas for a weekend. It was kind of a last minute decision so the selection for hotels under $100 was thin. This place came in at $90NT. I usually stay on the strip, but for the price and monorail stop I figured why not! Location wise it isn't far from the strip at all, but I would not take a stroll around the hood if you don't have to. It is located on the northern (older) side of the strip around the Riviera, Circus Circus, and still in the works Fountain Blue. Check-in was the worst part of the stay by far. The long took FOREVER! I wish I had WiFi!!! You actually can get WiFi, but of course it comes with a steep $13 fee. When will hotels learn we want FREE WiFi with our stays!!! Moving on...the room was on the 21st floor, clean, and with a nice view of the eastern city/mountains. The TV was also pretty impressive, but the service was typical poor hotel quality. As for the bed...I would trade mine in for one of theirs in a bat of an eye. Sooooo comfy!!! We didn't spend much time in the casino, but their Sports book is one of the best in Vegas. All and all i was very happy with our stay, and would consider them again if the price was right. P.S. They seem do cater to the business traveler, and so their weekend rates seem to be cheaper then most.
3	Don't stay at the Hilton if you're in Vegas to party. It's off the strip, not walking distance to anything besides the Riviera or Circus Circus, and the hotel is just plain old. Come on now, Andrew Dice Clay was performing there this past weekend! And I'm willing to bet Paris Hilton never stays at her own namesake. Having said all this, I enjoyed staying there. It was fine for my purposes. It was so nice to stay away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. And even though it's off-season, Vegas is still busy enough make driving down Las Vegas Blvd a bitch and a half. There was a cowboy convention this past weekend, so it looks like it can still get pretty crowded, but it wasn't poppin like it was over at the Venetian, nor Bellagio, nor the Riveria for that matter. But that's just me, but then again Vegas always manages to make me feel a little dead and depressed inside. PS: I may be a little biased because our two-night (Sat & Sun) stay only cost us $105. And we got a $10 voucher for turning down maid service. booyah
4	If you are going to the Las Vegas Convention Center, then this is a 5 star rating, there is NO other hotel to stay at if that's your primary reason for being in LV. Like others said, if you want to party and do the whole strip thing, this isn't for you. Rooms are clean and pretty updated, service was on par with any other hotel, but the 5 minute walk to the Convention center makes up for any short falls this older hotel may have.
2	This place is old. And it seems it. Despite some major renovations I'd actually say this Hilton is lower-end then your average Hilton around the country. Everything was clean and the cost is reasonable but I wouldn't come here again (thankfully this was a biz trip and I didn't pay for my stay). There's not much around here within walking distance which is really a big bummer in Vegas. One redeeming quality is that it has its own Monorail stop.
5	We had a business event for just one night and would have stayed for two but had another commitment elsewhere.  I'm a wannabe travel agent and love researching hotels so I can feel that I got the best deal in a very nice hotel.  While I was concerned that it wasn't directly on the strip, the monorail stops right at the hotel so it ended up not being a concern.  They offered a deal for one of their "resort club" rooms with VIP check-in, boy was I glad I booked this one!  The VIP check-in was awesome, no wait while the regular check-in was at least a 30 minute wait.  The room was very nice with an awesome view of the city of Vegas and mountains.  The bonus was the spectacular sunrise, the most beautiful I have ever seen!  We will definitely stay here again the  next time we're in town!  The only con was that the elevators are very slow but who's in a hurry?
1	I booked this hotel room hoping for a "4 star experience" in Las Vegas. When we arrived in the room, it smelled like mold and smoke (even though it was categorized as NON smoking), the carpet was dirty, and the hotel receptionist wont move our rooms unless we paid an extra 40 dollars per night to "upgrade" to a newly remodelled room. Being desperate for comfort and cleanliness, I went ahead and paid the extra 80 dollars to upgrade. I am writing this letter to communicate my disappointment to hotwire's online description of the hotel. I felt mislead and deceived from the hotel description. Moral: not all "deals" from hotwire leads to a happy ending.Blah.
4	stayed here in the summer and had a pretty good time. The room prices werent bad and for 2 people, you can request a room with 2 beds. that way, you can squeeze more people in without having to pay more! :D which is exactly what we did! -good sized rooms-full sized beds-very nice bed sheets-not far from the strip-good prices-gives you coupons for free drinks, buffet, and spa. casino downstairs-plenty of parking
2	Unsatisfactory!  And we were on the resort floor, staying as VIP guests!  Great accretions of dust in the corners.  The keyboard in my room didn't work (I didn't care to rent movies or play video games, but it meant that I couldn't check out from my room).Being a VIP got us access to a few lounges, but the fare in them left me wanting.  (Wine and cheese was a nice perk, but for breakfast, it was sugar or slop--danishes, sugary cereal, or instant oatmeal.  We took breakfast in one of the restaurants.)We stayed there this week for PubCon.
1	In most areas, I would give this hotel a 2 star rating, but this is vegas, and you need to step your game up to compete there.So come on Hilton, step it up.I mean, honestly, it can't be that hard for them to figure out how to run a nice hotel - hiltons are generally pretty nice to stay in.... so what gives?The rooms:  The beds were nice  (I was staying in the "premium tower") but beyond that?  Out of date, the carpet was kinda ratty, the shower must have been built for midgets because the showerhead was so low I had to almost squat in the tub to wash my hair, and the drain in the shower was so slow that by the end of your shower you were standing in calf deep water.   The casino:  Dingy, poor quality drinks, and lots of gross looking hookers wandering around.SLOWEST ELEVATORS ON THE PLANET.  15 minute lines were common - hell, I know people who waited over 10 minutes for an elevator at 3 AM.  WTF?The food:  Reminded me of the crap you get at an airport.  Overpriced, and low quality.Additionally, we stayed at the hilton because it is attached to the LV convention center and we were at a trade show, so you would think the rooms would be a little more business friendly, but no.  No coffee maker in the room, internet was 14 bucks a day, PER COMPUTOR, business services downstairs were waaaaaaay overpriced, etc..Next time, I'm gonna stay at the hard rock and just take a cab to the trade show.
2	Bill's Gambling hall and saloon was wayyy better. I don't know why I expected more from this hotel.. The customer service was alright, the casino was conveniently located BUT the room was pretty bad. I don't think even motel 6 which i stayed at just this past weekend was as bad as this. The bathroom just looked dirty, there were strips of hair lying around the bathtub and the toilet had like.. a stain on it. I didn't even want to shower in it. The showerhead was broken and was peeling from the wall, I really should have taken a picture but my phone was dying and I left it in the car. You have to walk 10 minutes and go outside to get to the car. It was quite cold. The food at some cafe inside the hotel was pretty bad as well.. The grape juice I got was probably 100% concentrated sugar, the color was really dark and really sweet. The burger was really dry.. The only thing really good about the place was the bed, it was big and comfortable. By the way, I could also hear the next door watching tv at 2am in the morning. Plus, our heater was broken so it was blowing out cold air instead of warm. We were on the 5th Floor, central building.
2	A hotel well past its prime. It needs a major face lift. It has the feel of an old Holiday Inn, but it's a Hilton. The construction is shoddy. The hallway floor changes levels. You can see the joists of the outer walls of the hotel in the elevator lobbies. CLASSY, lemme tell ya. The entire place has that musty hotel smell (I noticed in Las Vegas there are two classes of hotel, those that smell like hotels, and those that don't). The rugs are shoddy. It's far away from everything on the strip. The buffet is GAWD AWFUL.  In fact, I'd go so far as to say that whole back wing of the hotel is depressing. The lighting is bad old age home commissary-cum-trailer park/truck stop/diner.  You will be surprised to find that Ken-LRation is not on the menu. It just tastes like  it.Avoid this hotel unless none of the above bothers you. Oh, and they fleece you left and right. $14.99 PER DAY for wireless with no option for cheaper multi-day plan. The more I think about this place, the angrier I get.  STAY AWAY. Two stars is generous.
2	I've seen better and cheaper. Stayed here for a couple of nights in November, it's a pretty long ways away from the strip, buffet couldn't been better, room was alright, hallway smelled like piss, compared to the hotels on the strip this is more like a motel.
3	Stayed here for three nights and found it livable. There is updated furnitures, but the bathrooms are still in the older ages. The whole hotel seemed very dead as it wasn't a very popular hotel as it once was a decade ago. Since the hotel is off the strip, it makes it a little bit of a trouble to get a ride there. The hallways are a little scary since its dark and have old carpets. Got a decent deal on the room, so I would say its better than living in a Motel 6 or any outdoor type room. If you don't mind living in a little bit out of date room, hilton vegas will do.
4	Very great hotel overall, the staff knows how to fix problems as soon as possible. We arrived to the hotel at 12:30 and staff told us that our parlor was ready but our bedrooms were not going to be untill the 3pm check in time but as long as we didn't go inside the bedrooms we could stay in the parlor and wait. So we waited until 3:30 pm and no one clean them up so we went down to front desk and questioned them and they gave us an upgrade to the suite in the 25th floor that is much bigger, and they gave us an extra night at free of charge
3	This is for the Hilton that is located slightly off the strip, closer to Circus Circus that has the huge "H" sign similar to the shape of Hurley's logo. The room was comp'ed thanks to our good friend.The best part of our room was definitely the beds. One of the most comfy beds I've slept on, it's like they stacked 3 memory foams on top of each other. We got a smoking room so I can't really judge the smell, the fact that it reeked of cigars only makes sense - I'd take a bath and smoke a cigar, too.We tried the buffet at a very discounted price. I would say I wouldn't mind eating here for free, but I wouldn't pay more than 10$ for it. What I liked was that they have an alcohol bar as part of the buffet, so yeah, I got myself an Oktoberfest at like 11am. We played at some of the tables here, and from my experience I must say the dealers/staff were pretty friendly and funny.Overall, this place can't really be compared to places like Bellagio/Venetian. It's more in the class of your standard hotel. But for a hotel that is less than a 5 minute walk from the strip, I wouldn't mind staying here if I had to pay half or a fraction of the cost as the other flashy hotels.
3	Away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, but right next to the monorail to easily access it whenever you want. Beds are definitely comfortable, but the tv is really old and outdated. They definitely need to do something about the hotel's ammenities because they're really nothing special. The breakfast buffet is a pretty good deal too.Oh, also no free internet! It's about 14/day.
5	Wow! The place deserves 6 stars!!!!!!!! Ok, I'm generally not that picky about my hotels. But for vacation or even business I like a good price . Easy access. Comfortable Bedding & bed. And of course CLEAN good air/heat n bug free.Clean& cost is  first above anything else.  Late check out?? Not a problem here !!!! They will never bother you!  Put a: do not disturb on the door. You can assure you can sleep in till 6pm! Gift shops & restaurants galore! Customer service is 6 stars! By far the best. Plasma tv's ,iPod  adapter stereos in all rooms, in room safe, in room printers, 5star room service , hot hot shower water. Down comforter blankets , pillow top mattress ,bed is king size. Robes and slippers. View of the strip or Las Vegas golf courses . High tech futuristic looking lobby & casino . Confidential & NIG listing available - which is Non Registered Guest. In case you don't want anyone to know your room number . It puts your room in their system as vacant & off limits to house keeping or anyone. Under no circumstances can they tell anyone any info even the person who paid your room. Unless you grant access they must tell anyone and everyone " there is no guest registered under this name." A lot of celebs use this a lot. Most hotels do not offer this unless it's a huge hotel. Or 5star hotel. I believe all Hilton's might.The air unit in the room is central & digital & works great. They have special walls that are built so the wall covers the top part of the curtain. That way you can sleep all day no worry of bright sun. You are able to look out but the sun is unable to beam in that spot in , which causes over heated rooms. Not a problem at Hilton. They also use black out drapes.  The upgraded rooms feature big oval tubs .  And upgraded features and counter tops walls and floors in the bathroom. The standard room features huge gold framed full length mirrors .This hotel offers my favorite chain  hair salon "regis" which uses all chi ion hair dryers and flat irons! The hotel offers a gym, spa, pool, amazing wedding chapel & packages! Gift stores . The official Elvis & Marilyn Monroe souvenir shop! Oh and a Starbucks !And much more.This hotel uses the monorail straight from the casino area.  I once wanted to try out each hotel in Vegas... I'mSure I still will but so far I wouldn't mind never seeing another hotel again after staying here!!!!!If I were the pickiest person in the world this hotel far exceeded my expectations!
2	I was pretty disappointed by this hotel.  I decided to stay here because it got 4 stars, which is totally not warranted.  I also thought it was off the strip, which is kind of it but not really, just enough to be inconvenient.  The bathrooms are out of date and dingy with tiny little worn out towels.  They do have nice, big plasma TV's though.  The actual hotel and casino is a B-grade one - the shows there are pretty weak and it seems like most of the people in the casino are kind of sad and drunk.
2	This actually used to be one of my favorite hotel/casinos back in the day.  Oh, how things have changed.There are some goods, however.  If you are a conventioneer, you have instant and direct walking access to the main convention center.  But don't think about parking here for said conventions.  $30 a day for parking, Hilton?  Seriously?  That's robbery.  And greed.The biggest disappointment is the killing off of Star Trek: The Experience over two years ago.  Despite this place being off-Strip, I made it a point to go here because they had such a fun and unique attraction here.  It would be one thing if they had something in mind to replace it, but either poor planning or the economy.... It's dead, Jim. The "Space Lounge" is still there.  An entire casino area with a heavy sci-fi theme to it.  Except there's no casino here.  It's a huge space themed area with a ghost town bar, no slots, a few couches, a makeshift stage, beer signs, and a few remnants of Star Trek themes.  All of this space, and nothing.  No life to it.  Couches and beer signs only make the emptiness and waste of the area seem more empty and pathetic.With their main draw gone, what has replaced it as the headliner?  Benihana's.  Nothing wrong with the restaurant, but it's hardly unique or exclusive, even in Vegas.  The Hilton has a Pizza Hut Express here too.  Maybe they should promote that as their "big draw" on the marquee as well.  A huge Benihana sign covers up the old entrance to Star Trek.  With couches pushed in front of the entryway.  Again, just sad, and I'll be a big man in saying that they kind of broke my heart getting rid of one of my most beloved hang-outs here.The arcade is dead as well.  Another blanketed off space that sits and collects dust.  Again, with two-plus years, no suitable replacement has been found for anything in this section.  A few shops that fluctuate, but that's it.  This is a lot of dead space to go unused.  There's also the issue of the Men's bathroom in the main casino area.  Above every urinal is a picture of a lust-crazed girl staring over your bits with a camera, magnifying glass, tape measure, etc, while you pee.  The first time I saw this, it was "ha ha" funny, then when the laughter died, it just turned creepy and weird for me.  I actually selected a urinal based off which girl creeped me out the least.  She merely looked like she was casting spells at my nethers.  I could live with that.Ladies: I must know.  Is there something like this in the girl's restroom?  When you close the stall door to do your business, is there a picture of some crazed guy making grabbing motions where your boobs would be?  Please message me and let me know.  I'd really like to know what the Hell you get in your bathroom after my gender's discovery.As critical as I am being, there looks to be some sort of steampunk-themed club called "Triumph" there.  I want to check this out.  Atonement for the death of my beloved Warp Core Breach booze bowl?  We'll see, but it's going to have to be pretty good to replace the hole in my heart from that much booze for so cheap a price.The sad part is, Hilton's one of those "history rich" casinos here.  Look up the history on this place.  A lot of awesome stars and vintage Vegas stuff happened here, which makes you wonder why this isn't represented more.This place is great for convention visitors to stay, but that's about it as far as I can see.  They need to figure themselves out for everything else.
3	Let's see.  The rooms, hallways and casino are getting a little tired, but pleasant enough.  We liked that you get a $10. coupon for each morning they do not make your bed.  We liked the view from our 23rd floor room.  We liked the size of the room (440 sq. feet).  We liked the new-ish tv.  Best of all was the discounted price.We didn't like that the rooms, casinos and other common areas are all so tired.  Take the monorail (right there in the hotel) to any of a number of other hotels and see the difference between this old place and a clean, modern casino.You get what you pay for in Vegas (and then usually happen to leave it there).
5	Our experience was great......due partly to timing since when we got there, they had no king-sized bed for us as we had reserved. Instead, we were upgraded for free to a suite on the 17th floor in the East Tower with a queen-sized bed. The room was awesome. Super clean. Huge bathroom. Two showers. We had a great view, mini-fridge, and large flat-screen. Great for $78 on a holiday weekend.The walk to the stip really isn't that bad. We walked there and back instead of paying $10 to take the monorail each way. When we got back to our room at midnight, we ordered french toast and a cheeseburger. Both were DE-LISH! The $2.50 additional room-service charge that they added to the bill is super lame, but whatever.Great experience for a great price!
1	I needed a place to sleep for the night in a pinch, so I booked a room here without reading some of the negative reviews.  Bad idea!   First off, the room was very old with dirty carpeting.   The wannabe flatscreen TV was there as a fixture because its quality was horrible.  Internet connectivity was not free, but available for $13.99 / 24 hr.  Given my experience of how crappy the speed of the internet was at a previous stay at another crappy Hilton property, I opted to not sign up and use my iphone instead.  Lastly, you need to buy ear plugs if you want to sleep at this place because you can hear the elevator rumbling up and down all night long!   It was like staying at a train station!   The room was also very stuffy with an odor of cigarettes and some other junk.  Since I just needed a quick 6-7 hour of sleep and was so tired, I just put up with all this crap.  Otherwise, I would've never stayed here for more than one night.  Overall, it was a very old, stuffy, and noisy hotel and I would not recommend a stay here unless you're super tired and ready to pass out.  The horrid condition of this hotel reminds me of a skanky billionaire inheritant coochi.
5	Love this place! we stay there everytime.  join the Players Club and receive continuous deals such as 3 nights/ $99! Can't beat that! Excellent rooms, decent buffet, just far enough off the strip, with a monorail station to get you there conveniently.
3	I always stay off-strip in Vegas unless I can find an equally good deal at one of the South Strip hotels. So when my friends booked a room at The Hilton I wasn't concerned. We knew we would be using cabs or my car for everything anyway.The hotel was nice enough but I REALLY wish the parking garage was connected to the hotel because during the cold nights (or hot summer days), lugging everything from the garage, outside in the chilly wind (blistering sun) to the hotel just seemed like unnecessary torture. Not to mention that the garage is VERY far away from the lobby. Our reservation was lost somehow so they "upgraded" us to a view room. I'm not sure what view they think is good, but staring at the neighboring Hilton tower and a sliver of boring North Strip is not a view. The other side of the hotel, and our original side apparently, overlooked the mountains and the real Vegas. I would have preferred that.The room was spacious enough for 3 females and it was clean. Nothing special about the rooms really. If you are in Vegas to relax, you might enjoy the large shower/tub combination with included cushy bath mat but I personally don't take baths in hotels. It just grosses me out. The beds were comfortable enough and were great for the few hours we spent on them.For a cheap hotel, it is really a shame that there weren't any $5 blackjack tables. We didn't gamble at The Hilton and opted instead to travel to Tropicana, Excalibur and the Orleans to get our fill. Circus Circus and Stratosphere could provide you with $5 blackjack tables if you just want to walk. We ate at the buffet to use our two free buffet passes and I was actually pleasantly surprised. I couldn't eat a lot of the stuff since most of it appeared to be laced with gluten, but the salad bar was fresh, the fruit was fresh, plain rice and fish and even a carving station. Not bad for the regular price ($12.99 lunch) and even better free. On Sunday morning we ate at the Paradise Cafe but it was only okay and actually ended up being our most expensive meal of the weekend. (see other review of Paradise Cafe)Then on our last day, a Sunday, I happened to be watching the boring Hilton Channel on the TV while willing myself out of bed and the best commercial came on advertising the Hilton Football Center. It is basically a football lover's dream theater. My friends and I had already planned to spend our last day watching football, but this was the icing on the cake. (See other review for details of the Football Center)Overall, for the price it was a great stay. It isn't luxurious or conveniently located but with the special deal we received ($150 for 4 nights) it's hard to beat... and I'm used to the Motel 6 on Tropicana as my go-to cheap hotel. I wouldn't pay more than $50/night though. You can stay at a more conveniently located hotel Center/South Strip for that price. I WILL be back for the football viewing theater.
3	I've stayed here the past few times I went to LV because it's so affordable. It's amazing how different the rooms could look... I've stayed in motel-like rooms all the way up to the awesome suites that they have. Even though their suites are pretty spectacular, the rest of the hotel pretty much feels like a glorified motel. No wonder it's off the strip--it would be like all the other hotels' ugly older sister. Better to keep it off the strip so it doesn't have to be compared. Anyway, it's really not one of the hotels where you'd want to just hang out in. The restaurants are "meh" and the stores are full of tacky old-people clothes. But if you want the price and you're willing to take the monorail to and from the Strip, this place is just fine.
3	Good hotel for staying off the strip for a great price. My husband and I stayed here for $100 for two nights. Just pay $12 for an all day monorail pass. Totally worth it. It takes you to the strip. Parking is free. Anyway, the rooms are whatevers. The bed wasn't comfortable and the walls are paper thin. You can hear everything going on in the halls and all the tvs in the rooms.
1	Why should I visit Las Vegas if the Star Trek Experience is CLOSED?  Las Vegas Mayor had better wise up before I trek cross country again!  I want a bigger & better experience before I drop down $2000.00 on a much deserved vacation!
3	Off-strip hotel and casino that from the outside is a throwback to what I was going to guess...1982? but just looked it up and this hotel opened on 1969!!  That is an old hotel. Ancient for Vegas.  In any event, yes the exterior is extremely dated and the interior is not as bad -- it has been refurbished in certain places.  Yes, it is not the most fabulous (or near fabulous) place you can stay in Vegas, but it served its purpose and is quite a bargain for your buck considering all the nice places in this town are not.  We got one of the older rooms at first which was really old, but then upgraded to a suite which was much nicer with a more comfortable bed and new bathroom and furniture (although it was a lot smaller). But we really did not spend much time here, we were mostly roaming around the strip and painting the town red, so no complaints here. Well, except for one - the $20 resort fee you have to pay to use the gym, pool, and spa.
1	This place is a shit hole. There was always sketchy people in my hallway asking for money and I didn't feel safe. My room was dated and dirty. I paid $30 a night and I would say it's worth maybe $19. Half the casino is still Star Trek and other half not, hotel identity crisis. Worst part is when you stay here, you are trapped in the gross part of Vegas.
3	Review for casino and showrooms only:  The Hilton is a classy, old school Las Vegas place.  There's something special when you walk in and see all that gaudy crystal and mirrors.  The Hilton recently shuffled the layout of their machines, and they moved my favorite Spin Poker machines from the front where I could watch the pretty ladies coming by to an area that's pushed together and without much people watching possibilities.  -1 star for that.  The Shimmer Showroom and the Hilton theatre are good venues.  The large theatre could really use a refurbishing.  The seats are years and years old and they look and feel their age.  There are some good shows at the two venues and parking is easy.
2	Not really what I expected when I booked a hotel under the Hilton name. Sure they use the same bath products, but I've stayed at other Hiltons and the Las Vegas Hilton really needs a facelift. Checking in was easy -- and actually, I enjoyed it lot. The front desk attendant was courteous, talkative and very helpful. Turns out you have to pay a daily fee to enjoy to gym amenities, but since I'm a Hilton Honors member, we was able to get the fee waved. The rooms are just old -- that's the bottom line. The varnish on my bathtub is peeling and the room had a musky smell. Beds are comfortable, but nothing extraordinary. My TV was also not working, and I called to the front desk to send up someone, but they never showed up. After a follow-up call two hours later, the TV technician arrived and said the outlet was blown, and fixed it in two seconds. Restaurant selection is minimal in the hotel -- you have to go to the strip if you want real food and shopping. I had a shrimp and pasta salad from their wine bar in the main lobby - avoid getting it at all costs. The shrimp looked microwaved (multiple times) and there was so much pasta, I started feeling sick after a few bites. Overall, definitely not the WORST hotel I've stayed at, but compared to others in the area, nothing that would make me want to recommend this place.
4	Nice hotel - a little dated but off the strip and fun.  Awesome health spa..plus elvis stayed there
2	A friend of ours was getting married at the Hilton back in October of 2010. My husband and I decided to stay at the Hilton as well. I have a couple complaints, but my major one is the bed size request system. When I booked the room, I had reserved a king sized bed. When I drove in from Santa Barbara (probably got in at 11:30PM), I was told that I would be having a Queen. This confused me as I had reserved a King. According to the hotel, it;s on a first come, first serve basis. Basically, regardless if I made a reservation  yesterday or months in advance like I had, if other people check in before me, I could not get a King. Personally, I think this is a crap policy. IF you reserve a King, you should get a king. We were only staying for two nights, and they said I could move rooms, but not that night, I could for the next day. We weren't going to get adjusted, pack everything up the next day, move rooms, get adjusted again, and then leave so we just stayed in our room. They didn't offer to compensate or anything. They only offered the room switch after I keep complaining to the management. And I wasn't the only one with this issue. Another woman was complaining about the same thing when I was complaining at the front desk. My only other qualm is that it seems like you have to walk VERY long distances to get anywhere, and the layout is confusing. But the room was sort of nice.
2	Great sportsbook for diverse betting but not a great place to watch. Pretty boring overall, I had friends in town that stayed there over a weekend and other than gambling the hotel provides nothing entertaining. They are using that old Space/Star Trek bar as a free club on the weekend and.....its scary..Literally filled with pimps and hoes.. not hotel guest friendly
4	Probably the best deal in town for this class of Hotel (3.5 star) and one of the very few in Vegas not to charge a resort fee. Though the location is a little bit out of the way (by the convention center) overall compared to other hotels in the same class the hilton compares very well.BUT, if you're comparing the Hilton to a higher class hotel (and needless to say with higher prices) then I could see where the Hilton would not rate the same - OBVIOUSLY!I guess some people who complain excessively have caviar tastes on a "Kia" budget. LOL
5	My friends & i recently stayed here the weekend before Valentines day,& before i go on, let me just add that were all 22/21 yrs old, on a tight budget & not looking for anything luxurious, just a nice clean place to stay while we party.We got a good deal on a room online & when we arrived they offered us a 20$ upgrade a night to a room with 200 extra sq ft. the lady said it had a separate seating area so i just figured maybe another table & more chairs but to our surprise there was a couch, a bench, & a chair with a leg rest, which accommodated the 5 of us comfortably with a lot of extra space.The beds are AMAZINGLY comfortable, & the shower head was "effing amazing!" so my bf says. i dont see it a big problem that its not on the strip especially when its hundreds of dollars cheaper & you get to take the monorail! which is sooo much fun LOL
2	I'm actually pissed that in Feb the hot tub was closed, give me a break, I was in town for a chiro show at this place and had I known I rather stay down the street at the hard rock and been able to dip in the hot tub after an all day tradeshow !  The drinks here were expensive and not strong, the bartenders are nice I have to say. The lil dog that poses with people for picts was kool too !  The rooms are nothing special, we had a huge suite and the bedroom side was great, but the main area had a large old TV, when I would have put in a min of two 42" LCD's as they had a cute lil bar so if you want to hold a gathering or what not the screens would be kool not to mention just kicking it to watch a movie would have been nice I haven't watched tv on a crt in years and for sure like LCD much better !As far as food goes the buffet was nice, but I opted for the pasta dishes at PIzza hut twice as I didn't want to wait in the long line, the deli that everyone raves about was good but nothing spectacular!  MY fav part was the bathrooms, they had huge picts of women along the urinals that was pretty damn funny !
2	I don't see much reason for staying here unless you need fast access to the convention center.If you're in Vegas for any amount of time that would allow you to have some fun on the strip, they stay on the strip.  It may be pricier, but if you stay at the Hilton, you're going to have to pay $$ to get to the strip anyway, so you're not saving much.The room I was in was 'premium', but it actually didn't come with the premium features that it was listed to come with.  First thing I noticed about the room was how loud and ineffective the AC was.  The next thing was not dirty the windows were...  outside and inside.Aside from the room, there aren't any good restaurants that I know of.  The Mexican place is garbage, and the Benihana was the most boring I've ever been to.  I actually think they have restaurants listed in their in-room literature that don't even exist.Stay on the strip, you're going to want to be there most of the time anyway, so skip the long/pricey commute.
3	Good hotel, good service, clean, but showing it's age compared w/ the competition. I would stay there again. It's proxemity to lv convention center can't be beat.
1	OMG avoid staying here at all cost.. can you say RUN DOWN?  Need remodel desperately?!!  Sewer water was coming up my bathroom sink, airconditioning rattled all NIGHT, hole in the wall.  Asked for someone to fix.. no one came.  OLD.. needs updating.  The staff is extremely nice, but.. they did only give me a bottle water for enduring my room (no time to switch, was on the go at a convention)!! LOL Next time I will go to another hotel and cab it over if I have a convention.. it was truly HORRIBLE.
1	Stayed here for a convention.  It was about $130/nt.  Could have gotten a nicer room on the strip for less, and caught a car or the monorail.  Some of the rooms have been remodeled, some haven't.  There's no difference in rate. Then there's the joy of being nickled and dimed for everything.  Internet (for a hotel that caters to conventioneers, who are there for work usually) cost like $15/day.  Gym facilities? $20/day.I get it.  People are there for work, work is paying, who cares if you add another surcharge?  I care.  I will not stay here again - too many better options abound.  I was excited to stay in a Hilton hotel.  It didn't live up to the brand.
4	It's a Hilton and exactly what you would expect from a 3 to 4 star hotel. I haven't stayed in this hotel for years, but I'm glad I opted to come back.We opted to upgrade to Resort Club status which gave us a bigger room with a 37" flat screen TV, in-room printer, upgraded linens and pillows, and best of all.... we got complimentary access to the Spa. The Resort Club also gave us access to the Club Lounge between 6am to 8pm with complimentary coffee, tea, bottled water, bottled juice, sodas, fruit, nuts, and cookies. During the evening hours of 4-8pm, they even bring out various wines such as Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Chardonnay, Champagne with cheese as well as a selection of bottled beers. We got a room on the 24th floor near the lounge with a great view ot the LV Strip.The Spa experience wasn't the best in the town, but I was able to relax in a quiet atmosphere. I especially liked the "wet sauna" which was almost like a dry sauna with some moisture. I liked the fact that it didn't dry out my skin, but at the same time didn't pump so much steam that it's difficult to breathe like it is in a steam room.
5	For a hotel in Vegas not on the Strip, this one was great! Hilton's are nice hotels in general, and this one was no exception. A short taxi ride away from the strip is a plus! Clean rooms, and a nice place to hang out altogether. The prices for the rooms were a great deal too, especially for a Hilton. If you are looking for a good place in Vegas and cant afford those pricey hotels on the Strip, this is a must stay!
3	Las Vegas Hilton, this one is located a little bit off the strip. One big factor that I love about this hotel is the fact that it is a stop for the monorail. I love that the monorail goes any part of the strip, 12 bucks for an 24 hour day pass, count me in! I admit the bed here is really comfortable, my girlfriend says its a really comfortable pillow, but I mean thats hard to judge because everyone has their different opinions on comfyness. Me on the other hand it was too soft for me. Ive been to this hotel twice, and each time I play here I lose! It's not faithful to me here. They do have a small deli at the corner of the casino near the sports/horse racing area, which is open 24 hours. They also have a buffet as well, which I haven't been to during my two visits. In other words, this place is a great place to stay at, its not that far from the strip, again it also has a monorail entrance point for the easy part to get back to your room if you are piss drunk. We had comped rooms, but I know it not being on the strip is a lot cheaper than what you would pay to stay on the strip.
4	After walking the strip and visiting several hotel casinos, even before I checked in, this place just off the strip is definitely one of the top 5. Very clean, large and air conditioned. The king size bed in the room was very luxurious and the room was very large itself. The Husband and I had plenty of space. The bathroom was my only complaint-the toilet paper roll dispenser is behind the toilet-literally on the same wall the tank is. Very difficult to reach. The non smoking room was perfectly non smokey smelling! Lol.The casino areas were nice and comfortable and the sports fan cave was amazing. We loved it. We will definitely stay here again.
1	This place is horrible!!! They charge $20 to use their gym. You pay another $15 to use wifi. The rooms are old. Toilets don't flush. No coffee in the room. Overpriced bullshit. I'm paying a special convention rate of $150 and getting nothing but a bed for it.  What a ripoff!
1	Way off the strip. This hotel/casino needs revitalizing bad. Servers are horrible at what they do. The players club associates were rude. It looked trashy here. Paris would not be caught dead here.
4	I'd say Hilton LV was a solid 3.5 star for the price. Pros:Just 10 mins from the stripgood view of the stripclose to downtownnot much trafficcheap food in the areaCons:monorail is $5 per trip or 12 per day - takes forever to walk over to the entrance$4 waterssmall pool and weak gambling areacrappy shower and bathroom
3	A very dated hotel, similar to the Sahara.  However, the two things this spot has going for it is that the sports book is incredible.  The other positive is that they have their own monorail stop.
5	Ok, I did find a crazy good deal on slickdeals.com to stay here for four nights, including the weekend for only $129, so that helped.  I got a great room with a veiw, slipped a 20 to the check in person, large, upscale, marble.  The buffett was B+, shirmp that you do not have to peel, a plus for $22.95, well prepared crab that was scored to make opening easier.  Great omlet cheif.  Huge tub could fit two.  Smaller, clean casino.  $14 for wi fi is a bummer.
3	we decided to leave thursday night for vegas versus friday morning with friday LA traffic.  so we booked the las vegas hilton since we got a thursday night rate of $35!  it was okay.  we could see how it may have been the best place to stay at in its hayday about 25 years ago.  they need an update.  nevertheless, the hotel was clean enough and spacious.  apparently a lot of people stay here when they have a function at the las vegas convention center.  that is why they have an internet charge...figuring that people would just expense it on their business tab anyway. tried one cafe and didn't think it was good.  maybe the breakfast buffet is good?  we just wanted to eat something small and quick before checking into our other hotel.  free self parking.3.5 stars
1	Ok this is my second review. I just got back from Vegas and stayed here for my last time. It has gone downhill. The bathroom was moldy and the a/c return vent was disgusting. I tried to speak with management twice about the issue and it was never resolved. I also contacted corporate and haven't received a response. For $180 a night, it's ridiculous. I could see paying maybe $65 a night. I am so dissatisfied, this used to be a great hotel and now it's not much better than the Circus Circus. Hopefully management will get back to me, but I doubt they will because it seems to me that they do not take much thought to making sure their guests are happy.
3	The Hilton, adjacent to the convention center, gave us some surprising issues upon check-in. Hubby is diamond with Hilton Honors and at 2:30pm, the front desk person tells us there was a 2-3 hour wait for a king non-smoking! what? FINALLY she digs around and finds one but of course its not set up for the honors perks - no big deal, but just a little strange that an honors customer is not accomodated correctly - they're the bread and butter of any outfit.The room is good - updated with a garden tub and very comfy bed. Reasonably comfortable easy chair with a pretty large flat screen. Everything is clean and a nice view of the Wynn, Riviera and mountains beyond. We had to have maintenance in to replace one of the side tables - a panel of inset glass was shattered. The maid I talked to said she tried to report it but couldn't get through (?).Cafe is OK - standard stuff. Haven't tried any other food here yet. Casino seems dated - low ceilings, dark - nothing special. Sports book seems to be the big draw.The pool "complex" is a total joke. Far too limited for a Vegas property of this size. The pool belongs at a Best Western. Only bother if you have to cool off. Not a happening scene at all LOLI will say all the service people here have been outstanding- polite and helpful.Overall a solid 3 stars.
1	Ughhhh.l. Can't believe that housekeeping knocks on doors at eight am!  Stupid.  Then they proceed to slam every door on the floor.  Eff you to.
3	Nice pool. Good location away from the busy strip but still close enough to see and be seen.
2	Let me be upfront and say that I am being a little harsh on the Las Vegas Hilton by giving it a rating of two stars - one that I feel should be reserved for the cheap motels that are located back away from the strip or down on Fremont Street.  But as a longtime Hilton Honors member (currently at a Silver membership level) I can't help but feel short changed and nickeled and dimed by this particular Hilton branch.  For starters, the Hilton Honors program gives certain perks to members.  At other Hilton family hotels - even at the Hampton Inn - I usually have a complimentary water bottle and snack waiting for me in my room.  Internet is free by logging in with my Hilton Honors username.  Here, they charge $4.00 for a water bottle.  The ice room is nowhere to be found (I spent a lot of time looking).  And internet is $13.99 per night.  All of these extra charges are really off putting.  While these charges are annoying, they alone are not enough to merit a two star rating.  That is attributable to the poor (or rather old) quality of their rooms, the lack of selection of things to do at the hotel, and the incompetency of staff here.  On my first day here, I placed a "privacy please" sign on my door, only to return to find that my room had been made anyway.  This hotel offers a $10 voucher for every day that you call and ask them to "go green" (forgo cleaning service) the day before.  I did this but never got my $10 voucher.  As for the quality of the room, on my Hilton Honors preferences, I have it listed that I like to be close to the elevator, for sake of ease when lugging around my luggage.  This is the first time however that I've been placed next to the elevator and have been able to hear the elevators running through the walls.  It was raining the day I arrived so I thought the elevator was the sound of thunder rolling, but I never saw any lightning.  The running elevator noise was particularly annoying when I was trying to sleep.  Aside from this, the size of the room is decent.  The mattress quality is barely passing and the pillows are crap.  The bathroom tub is disappointing because it's small, but mainly because it traps moisture and so smells dank.  I will say to its benefit though that even though it's located off the strip, the monorail connects directly to the hotel, so getting out to the strip is relatively painless ($5 for a single ride).  I only stayed here because I was attending a conference on-site.  Also, this is where Elvis played 837 sold-out shows, so there is some nostalgic history to this place.  But ultimately I think for what you have to pay to be here, it's worth it to splurge and stay on the strip.  Or if you're looking to save, go ahead and go a few tiers lower so you can get one of those motels that offer free breakfast and internet.  I remain a loyal Hilton Honors member, but I doubt I'll ever stay here again.
5	Nice room, great buffet, and the monorail made getting around the strip easy and convenient.
4	Surprised at some of the reviews on here...please don't come here and expect the 5 star luxury that you see in some of the strip resorts like Aria and the Venetian....it's an older hotel and it shows in some areas.  That being said, A LOT of the rooms have been remodeled and refurbished so hope to be lucky enough to get one of these rooms OR ensure that you get a nice room with a $20 sandwich trick.The staff was amazing...helped to the best of their ability and always very friendly, especially the valet staff.  Like I mentioned before, I did the $20 sandwich and got the bedroom portion of a suite - complete with flat screen, fridge, new pillow top mattress and nice bathroom.  It is kind of weird that part of the Star Trek theme is still in the casino...but no Star Trek Experience; still plenty of games there to play.  All in all - I would definitely stay here again especially since I drive into Vegas and therefore have transportation to the strip (2 minute drive).
3	Oldddddddd. The decor is bleh, nothing compared to those on the strip. if you're on a budget, stay here. Or, if you're here for a convention, it's best to stay here because it's so convenient. Otherwise, I'd suggest splurging to get the best Vegas experience.
2	This particular Hilton is really not worth it. Here's why:It's a weekend and the check-in lines are understandably long. But what was not bearable was how slowly the lines were moving. Only 2 attendants at the desk was just unacceptable on a busy holiday weekend and during the 3 pm check-in time. Though they were apologetic about the wait..The A/C in the 15th floor room just refused to work hard enough to overcome 80 F.Poor quality of shower heads. If I'm being made to pay for frills, I'd like to have the frills, please. And that means I'd like to regulate how water should come out. But this shower head doesn't offer you any choices. Water will just come gushing out.Once you park in their covered lots, good luck trying to find your way to the hotel. No coffee machine. Crappy pillows. But the worst part of the stay was picking up a glass to drink water only to see dirt sticking on the rim. Ugh.
3	Not the nicest of hotels but then again it could be worse. My parents thoroughly enjoyed their room here. The room I stayed in wasn't bad. It was clean and well kept but not the least bit luxurious. The pool area was nice and spacious, but then again most are in Vegas. I've seen quite a few shows in the showroom here and have always liked the venue. If you join the players club you can get half off a show/concert ticket as well as a bogo on the buffet. It broke my heart when they closed the Star Trek Experience because I liked to throw a few back and stare at the weirdos in Quarks bar. I am happy, however that they still have the bronze Elvis statue in the front of the hotel in the courtyard. The King used to play at this hotel when it was known as the International hence the reason for the gift shop with a ton of Elvis stuff.The casino is nice enough, with the crystal covered ceilings. They have a a Benihauna village that my kids like to go to see the pond with fish in it. They also like the restaurant. The location is prime if you want to visit the adjacent convention center.
3	Great deal.We stayed Memorial Day weekend for 3 days for $139 which included 2 buffet passes, spa passes, and voucher for 2 free cocktails.Buffet isn't awesome, but you sure won't wait as long as you will at any of the big casinos.Our room shower was very slow to drain and after the second day I called and they promptly came and fixed it.If you don't absolutely need fresh towels and your bed made, use  the Go Green option and get a $10 voucher to use at any of the hotel's facilities. We used one at the buffet, and two at one time at the coffee shop on the day of checkout.
2	This place is just a tourist class, aging hotel. We were there for a convention. The Las Vegas Convention Center is next door. Truthfully, I think the Marriott is closer to the convention center than the Hilton. Our room was 90% clean when we got there. The toilet lid was broken. A light was burned out. The room is ok , one desk area and one sitting chair. Ice and parking is free. Internet and coffee are not. We could hear the elevator running from our room all day all night. The casino was not too busy for a weekend.  The pool area I pretty much had all to my self and they had plenty of towels and seating available. At the Tempo bar, I got one exceptional  Martini, free since I played video poker,  and the next night, 1/2 of amount of an average martini and had to pay for it. Taxi line ran very slow at peak times.
2	Quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  I'll reserve a 1-star review for bed-bug incidents, so thank god on that.  We had a room in the east tower and as soon as we stepped in regretted leaving the comfort of our other hotel.  Now that the Sahara is gone, this place epitomizes the old Vegas.  This hotel and its casino are frequented by the older crowd and it shows.  The entertainment and decor is as dated as the crowd.  Upon entering our room, we noticed that it was large, but dim and dreary.  The carpet was clean, but badly in need of replacing.  As if from some sort hotel horror story, we also noticed that the bed was part of a fold-up unit.  I thought those only existed in 100 sq. ft. apartments and seedy motels.  The area behind the bed looked a little dirty, but no bed bugs.  Aside from that, the remainder of the room, including the bathroom looked relatively clean.  However, this might also be the most no-frills Hilton I've ever encountered.  Only the basics are available (shampoo, soap, lotion), and not even a tray for the soap.The only good part of the hotel was the casino, which was small, but had low limit tables and friendly dealers.  The morning and afternoon gambling crowd is a little sparse and results in $5 blackjack tables.2 stars.  Although we did not have any bed bug incidents, we always felt a little dirty.  I wasn't expecting your LV Strip luxury, but this doesn't seem to meet standard Hilton quality.
4	The Hilton is a good hotel that exceeded our expectations. After we checked in we were anticipating enjoy a dip in the pool. We checked with both the front desk AND the operator and they told us that it would close at 800. We went down and the posted close time was 800 so we were pretty upset when we were told that it was closed early this evening. We returned and my wife called the desk and expressed her displeasure and was put in communication with the manager and was given 50% off our room.  What really impressed us was how quickly they took care of the situation let alone their response. We are looking forward to staying here after our sentimental favorite the Sahara closed down. Very good customer service!
4	Booked through TRAVELOCITY.COM stayed Friday and Saturday $130/2 nights. I tried the $20 sandwich and it worked! got upgraded from Standard Room to a Resort (newly renovated) Room.. saved $100! PROs: 1. The hotel has a Monorail Station.2. 4-Star Hotel with very affordable price.3. Friendly staff.4. Clean and decent room.CONs:1. Small casino2. No shopping area3. No free wifi4. $50/night deposit which they will return on your credit card after 2 business days.Definitely will go back and try to get a better deal.
3	Booked 2 nights for $95.  Did the $20 sandwich at the front desk and asked for complimentary upgrades.  Lady at the front desk graciously took the money and said there were no upgrades.  Oh well!Had a jr suite over looking the city, can't complain.  A lack of free wifi was also a minus.  Opted out of room service and got a $10 off coupon for virtually any shop in the hotel, as part of their going green program.Saw a sign about a club with dj/music at the SpaceQuest Bar.  Went with gf around 12am...literally heard crickets.  Not a single soul.  No DJ, no music, no people.  Had low expectations but with the DJ not even bothering to show up.  El em ay oh.Bed was very comfy.  Had an assortment of cable tv shows to watch if bored.  Went up to a few levels to pool area.  Had complimentary spa/gym access so went in for a look.  Only one elliptical.  There was a nice indoor pool/jacuzzi and massage area.  Didn't stay to get molested.Checked out the women's area.  It was off limits but I stayed long enough to know it was the exact same layout.There's a gift shop, chapel, jewelry shop, and pizza hut from what I can remember.Also, to get into the garage parking, just head on over to the north tower, go to the valet (don't worry not a single valet around so I wouldn't worry about harassment) and make a left turn and you're at the self park garage.This deal was pretty good, but I think I'll stay somewhere on the strip next time.
3	Yes, it's old and rundown. It's a standard Hilton, so all the extras cost extra. It's also off the Strip (but on the Monorail), but the Las Vegas Hilton does have some things going for it.First of all, if you need to go the the convention center, the location is great. It's just one Monorail stop. About five minutes door to door. That's valuable if you've got an early conference, and you were out too late the night before,And the proximity of the Monorail is hard to beat. Right out front, and you're anywhere on the Strip that you want to be. Get a multiday pass, and you'll save time and money on cabs.It's old, but clean. And the staff is good.You get Hilton Honors points, perhaps the best hotel loyalty program out there.And I love the sports book. I've watched a few games there. They have a large number of friendly chairs, and the crowd is friendlier than many other spots.Look, if you're spending more than $100/night, you're probably overpaying. I've stayed there for $60/night before. If you're cheap like me, it can be a good deal.
2	Oh goodness gracious, from the time we checked in to the time we left, this was a bad experience.  We stayed there last year because of an Expo we were attending and this is conveniently close to the convention center.  The "non-smoking" rooms we got were reeking of smoke and all they did was come in an spray some nonsense that did not eliminate the problem.This year, we participated as exhibitors at the same Expo and because some of the partners in the company are older, we thought it more convenient to stay at the Hilton again.  Should never have cancelled the reservations at the Embassy Suites.The guy checking us in was a snotty little brat.  Everyone working there made it obvious they expect a tip - but hey, how about some service, or maybe even a smile to show you deserve that tip? Yep, $4 bottles of water, $11 bacon, egg and cheese sandwiches, everything over-priced and just mediocre to terrible service.  We were there for 7 days and in that time I can honestly say, there were two folks working there who made us feel like guests.I agree with everyone on here - deco, atmosphere - old, rugged, boring.  Only the pool area was nice.  The food at the Chinese restaurant was very good I must say.  And the wine at the Plaza Bar good.  Buffet was good but when you're there for a long time, you realize there isn't any variety from day-to-day.  Alas, our days were long and tiring, so decided to eat in before relaxing and hitting the strip. I read on someone else's review that he did not give this a 1-rating as there were no bed bugs, I will follow the same rules and do the same.  I fear however, this does not give the place as bad a rating as it deserves.  Sheets/pillows did not smell fresh.Glad they provided shampoo, conditioner and lotion w.out charging for them as well.I could go on but I hate writing negative things.Not thrilled.
3	This is a late review but here goes. Fiance and I stayed here last October. We've both been to Vegas before but this was our 1st trip together. Everything about the place is sort of average to just slightly above. It was clean and had a decent size room but the casino is very under-whelming. We were out and about so much that it served the purpose of a decent place to catch a few hours of sleep between activities. Did not eat at any of the dining establishments as none caught our eye. The location off strip is a bit hindering but it is on the mono-rail which remedies that quite a bit. I will say if you are a sports junkie then definitely spend some time in their sportsbook. It was a pleasant surprise. Wouldn't stay there again but after hearing that Hilton is pulling out we do plan on going back for drinks and the sportsbook for the nostalgia factor.
4	My Review is for the Men's Spa, not a hotel room.  I stayed next door at the LV Hilton Grand Vacation Resort.  Since they do not have a spa, or other venues, and because I was at a conference, spent more time at this property.The spa was excellent.  The price was fantastic ($20 a day).  Men's spa has private steam, dry and wet saunas, 2 whirlpools and 1 cold plunge.  There is fruit, bottled water and tea available, along with ice-cold towels and great attentive service.  The furniture in the relaxation room could be updated.  I would also like to see less staff sitting around in the relaxation area, so that the guests can enjoy (this was the case every day).  Additionally, why the Hell is there a TV with movies, infomercials or games blasting?  A spa should be relaxation...most spas now have quiet ,soothing music with a multimedia of relaxation pictures on their big screen, not loud TV which only incites people, not get them in the "spa mood".  Other than those two issues, this was a nice get-away.  I would gladly pay more for this spa IF the mood was more tranquil (see above).  If I return to Vegas, will be back to the spa.
3	All the other reviews are accurate. It's a standard Hilton, it's old and rundown but there are some pluses. The monorail is the number 1 plus because it is literally right out the door from the Hilton. A 3 day pass for the monorail is only $28 so it's a great deal. We had a free upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite and they didn't have anymore suites available so they just gave us two adjoining rooms! The staff is friendly and there is an option to 'go green', meaning you can deny room service on any given day of your stay and receive a $10 voucher for anywhere in the hotel, including restaurants and coffee shops. Here are the downsides of the Las Vegas Hilton. You save money on your room but you spend a lot of time on the monorail. If you are going to Vegas to see the strip and wander around drunk and gamble - the Hilton is not the place for you. Every time we wanted to go back to our hotel we had to find the nearest hotel on the strip with a monorail station and the hotels are so big that it is a long confusing walk to the monorail and it only runs until 3am. And everyone knows it gets expensive quick if you are taking taxis in Vegas.The restaurants are not good and the buffet is a ridiculous price for being in an old hotel off the strip with mediocre food.My biggest complaint was that the air conditioning in the Hilton is cranked up way higher than all the other hotels and I was freezing! We never even walked around the hotel because I was too cold and wanted to get outside as soon as possible.I would recommend the Hilton for people that have events and conferences at the convention center, families, and anyone that is going to Vegas for other reasons besides seeing the strip. If you are going for the strip - stay on the strip.
2	Whoa. Time has passed and this place has definitely not gotten any better. Honestly, it has definitely gotten more ghetto. I had an event that required me to stay at this hotel. So to put it bluntly, it was not my first choice to stay here.So let's start out with the good things...The price would have to be the best thing it has to offer. $30/night.  Secondly, the bed was pretty good we had one of the upgraded rooms in the North Tower. The gym was decent. We got the resort package which was $40 a day. It seemed like it was worth it if you like unlimited beer/wine/cookies. It also included the gym/spa. They had a coffee machine which was broken and only had drip. So no cappucino/lattes. If you have an event at the convention center, this hotel is extremely convenient. I suppose this hotel would be good for you if you are one of those people that are always late. The monorail is next to the hotel. And that's about it for me with the good things...Now to my things that I didn't like. When you have ghetto prices you get ghetto people. Go figure. The pool was filled with kids. I am not a kid. You know, its the details that make or break these hotels. The plasma TV was nice. BUT NO HDTV???? FUCK. FURTHERMORE THESE ASSHOLES BLOCK THE INPUT IN THE TV!! So, you can't connect your ipod/media player to watch your stuff. FUCK. I hated that the default setting on the TV stretched the 4:3 to 16:9 weirdly. These assholes have the balls to charge $13 per day per laptop for Internet. WTF? Thank GOD I have my wifi hotsopt. The lighting in the room was dim because they are stingy with the lighting. They have those compact florescent light bulbs. They are sooo ghetto that the light bulbs aren't even covered to look normal bulbs. The a/c in the room was obscenely loud. I called them to fix it and the guy shows up an hour later. I forgot that I called him! I hated the shower because I was taller than the shower head and I am 5'11". I further despised the shower because it was dark in the shower because these tight asses didn't put a light in the shower area.They give you a bunch of coupons, but with restrictions. I got excited when I first got a drink coupon but it had restrictions: no Grey goose, no name brand drinks. Jeez. It was also good for beer/wine. This place is in need of some major makeover. The Benihana looks like when they first built the hotel 30+ years ago. Seriously though, if you have to go to Las Vegas on the cheap, you should wait longer save some more money get yourself a nicer hotel elsewhere.
4	rooms are pretty nice for the price especially it being off the strip
2	It definitely shows its age.  The exercise facility is small and quite crowded.  The pool is nothing to write home about.  Well, at least it's cheap and clean.
3	I've stayed at the Hilton for the Star Trek convention the past two years, and I have to say I'm going to miss it this year. My husband's been a medallion member both times we've stayed, so we had huge, beautiful rooms and received a free breakfast buffet daily last year. Year before last we had very noisy neighbors doing drugs in the room adjacent to us. In all honesty, security and management did NOT do a good job of taking care of the situation, but we did receive a comped night because of the issue. The restaurant choices at the Hilton aren't great, and the location's not either, being off the strip, but there's easy access to the monorail (which isn't cheap) to get you to the strip. I guess it's the familiarity I'm gong to miss, and the Time Machine slot machine, which is the best slot machine I've ever played. Rumors are that the Hilton wasn't a fan of us Trekkies, and I hope that's not the case. Nonetheless, we won't be back to the Hilton since it's so far from the strip.
2	Wow.. this place is in bad shape. The casino looks ok but Mom and dad stayed there and the rooms blow. I have stayed there a bunch of times over the years but it has went way down hill. I heard they lost their Hilton License and I can guess its because its gotten that bad.
2	Just got back from here, so here is the rundown:PROS:* Monorail Station, right at the hotel, so you can get out of dodge* Cost, fairly inexpensive to stay* Spa - onsite was a nice experience* Rooms in the central tower where clean and of a good size (1 King bed room)CONS:* an Hour wait in line just to register!!!* Off the beaten path, you will need to invest in the monorail passes at this place* Eating,.. WTF CHUCK!?????? after 2:00pm YOUR SCREWED! everything shuts down, unless you want a grease sponge pizza from  pizza hut* TV's POOR reception, not many channels, and half of those channels are hotel advertisements* Elevators,.. Never experienced such slow elevators, they actually have rush hour traffic jams on these things. You literally have to account for this as part of your commute time to a show.* Coffee in the morning, GOOD LUCK, they have a few places, but lines are outrageous. They claim to serve Starbucks coffee and have a mocha frappacino on the menu, but ask them to make one and they say, we can't... uh,.. ok.
2	Craptastic hotel room and bathroom, even by Comp's (free) standards.  I stayed in another hotel but came here to try the buffet and afterwards headed up to my parents' room.  MAN, looks are deceiving!  28th floor out of 29 in the central tower and you step off the elevator saying "Daaamn, this is NICE!"  Start walking down the hall, seeing double doors, and continuing to think "Shoot this room is about to be BOMB!"  Open the door and boom, 1992 exploded everywhere O_oIt was like a bad time warp.  It took me back to before I knew what nice and expensive rooms looked like and I swear those beds weren't even full size.  And they sat really low.  No space in this room to spread out and the bathroom was crazy small.  That bathroom looked older than 1992.  Apparently there has been remodeling in other parts of the hotel, maybe even in this tower but they certainly have not hit the 28th floor yet.Please hurry, your reviews depend on it!
2	Feels dated with a hint of Ghetto. Low ceilings in rooms, reminds me of a better Circus Circus, with less ghettoness.
2	We were comped for the room, but I still feel like the hotel could have been much better. The common areas of the hotel felt really crowded to me, probably because a lot of people get too lazy to make the trek to the strip. I don't blame them...no one wants to leave an air-conditioned space in the middle of a Vegas summer.The resort also feels really dated. The ceilings in the room are really low and the room was not exactly clean. The bathroom, in particular really shows its age and the lack of attention paid to the cleaning of the tub, etc. Kinda gross actually. The furniture in the room was also quite dusty. Not what we expected from a Hilton.Unexpected plus: the bed gave us a good night's sleep despite looking lumpy. I guess that the housekeeper was in a hurry when making the bed.We thought that we'd be fine staying off the strip, but ultimately the location of this hotel is less-than-ideal. It was hella hot, so yeah...no way we were gonna keep walking...the on-site monorail is a good option though...Don't think that we'll be staying there again...
1	what?!?!? really it is the hilton!!!! so many things went wrong! first we originally booked a king gave us a double... then they switched us out the next day only to have a clogged tub!!! then the room they switched us out.. people were still occupying it!! so the last room they gave us.. sink didn't work, tub was dripping really badly, and the phone didn't work!!! by then we were way exhausted to change rooms!!! the hallways were dirty! the rooms were dusty!!! etc!!! WE HATED IT!
1	Terrible place, do not waste your time!  Awful valets, very slow, most restaurants closed for lunch.  Go somewhere nice like Wynn, Encore, Cosmo, etc.Wayne Gorsek
3	Was there is weekend with visiting family.  The view was great from their room and the VIP area was great.
3	We really didn't have any problems. It's off the strip so you have to know that you're going to be a bit isolated. There is a monorail station right outside so for $5 each way you can easily get to the strip. They also have an all day pass for $12 or a three day pass for $28. My sister and I stayed here Wed-Friday and only paid $100. We played in the casino for a few hours here and there and had fun. We also took advantage of the pool and enjoyed cocktails from the bar there. The rooms were clean, updated, quiet and nice and cool (as in temperature). There weren't a lot of young people staying here, mostly families but it's not like you hang out in your hotel all day long when visiting Vegas. If you don't want to spend a ton of money on a hotel and you don't mind being a little off the strip then this place is just fine.
4	Honestly, people...for an economy car price, we're getting middle class luxury at this joint.Hubby and I received a postcard in the mail for a special 3-night deal which worked out to be $52 a night for 2 double beds.  Wow...we jumped on that mutha right away.Checking in was a breeze.  Our person was friendly and offered us upgrades when asked.  Nothing monumental but I upgraded us to a room with a fridge, pillowtop and a nicer view for $10 more a day.Same thing I noticed in other nicer hotels - it's definitely smokier than before.  They must be cutting back on ventilation to save energy??  Also, we happened to be there during a very busy week - some sort of high school basketball tournament so there were kids everywhere.  The rooms are clean, the beds are comfy, the shampoo/conditioner stuff is brand name and the maids do a great job.  You can't ask for more (other than to be ON the strip) but for $62 a night, who's complaining??The Hilton continues to be one of our go-to hotels in Las Vegas.
4	This is a nice hotel at an excellent price.  Even though its on the north end of the strip, its right next to the monorail that can take you down towards the main part of the strip.  Located right next to the convention center.No problem checking in, they recogonized me as a Hilton Gold member.  Offered me breakfast buffet for 2 for each night I stayed.  (Which by the way, the breakfast was very good and our waitress was friendly.)  They also upgraded my room.  The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable.  I would highly recommend.  They also have a casino within the hotel.  I did hear that it will no longer be a Hilton property by the end of the year, so that part bums me out since I won't be able to earn my Hilton rewards.  Great for business clients as well.
1	This was my first weekend Vegas trip w/ my bf and we were planning on having a special weekend.. We saw the low rates on hotels.com and decided to book The Las Vegas Hilton. We didn't realize how far away it was from the strip and that made it difficult with transportation and everything when meeting our friends who came along with us. When booking my hotel room at The Las Vegas Hilton, I requested a smoking room and hypo-allergenic bedding for the room.. I am severely allergic to feathers. As I checked in, the GSA didn't review any notes about my stay.. She didn't even welcome us. She just said Last Name, here's your keys. Didn't even say enjoy your stay or anything.She didn't tell us about amenities of the hotel or tell us where anything was located.  I just knew that was a bad impression first off. When we arrived at the room, there were pillows n a comforter both with feathers and we were checked into a non-smoking floor. I was pretty upset so i called downstairs to get everything changed. I was on hold for 15 mins just to talk to the operator.. It took 2 hours to get new keys to our room. We went to our new room and still.. MORE FEATHERED PILLOWS... I called downstairs and was very pissed at this point. The housekeeper that answered the phone was very rude. I asked her about how long it would take the get the hypo-allergenic pillows to my room which in the first place i requested in our room.. She said about 20 mins.. I said ok, I explained the situation to her w/ my request in the first place and all she said was. DO YOU WANT THE PILLOWS OR NOT! I couldn't believe that she would give me (the guest) So much attitude... 1 1/2 hrs later, the pillows showed up... The following day, I called housekeeping again to request some fresh towels. 3 hrs later, they showed up.. I was so irritated with how bad their service was I was ready to check out. The day that we checked out.. I went up to the counter and yes, the same GSA that checked us in was there to check us out.. She didn't ask how everything was or how our stay was.. She just yelled very loudly.. YOU HAVE A 0 BALANCE SO YOUR SET TO GO... Everyone in line looked at us and I was very embarrassed.  She didn't thank us for staying at The Las Vegas Hilton, she didn't say come visit us again.. NOTHING!!! I WILL NEVER, EVER STAY AT THE LAS VEGAS HILTON AGAIN!! Do yourself a favor.. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY AT THE LAS VEGAS HILTON... Find a hotel much more worth your money.I went to the Wynn for the brunch buffet, I wasn't even a hotel guest and I got much better service in the 20 mins I was in line that  I did at my entire stay at the Hilton.Next time, I will stay directly on the strip and will spend more for a room because obviously, it'll be much more worth it..
3	Honestly if my bff wasn't a Hilton Diamond member then staying here wouldn't be necessary. But she got a good deal, which included breakfast, so no complaints....or NOT??? There was no fan in the bathroom!!!!!! Who doesn't put a fan in the bathroom?? You're on 17th floor, your bathroom is enclosed, no windows, you're probably eating buffets, no one needs to smell each others stuff!!!!!!!! GET A FAN IN THE BATHROOM. Otherwise, everything else was fine. =)
2	Rude customer service at front desk. Smelly rooms. Stay away people!!!!!If u have a crappy hotel at least make up for it with great customer service!!!!
1	Ok I think this was the worst experience I've had at a hotel anywhere. We had rooms at a different hotel and it was crappy so we booked here instead thinking it'd be decent it's a Hilton they've been in the business for awhile. We checked in a little late around 9 pm or so, so check in went smooth the staff was friendly the place smelled beautiful they had fresh night blooming jasmine in beautiful vases at the counter. That was the best part of the whole experience. We went upstairs to our room and walked in I'm sure the couple making love were much more horrified then we were, we at least had our clothes on. Seems they forgot to note the room was taken. Should have remembered why we stopped booking rooms through Hilton This happened to us before on a trip to San Francisco where we walked into a room occupied by two dogs that were none to friendly. So we go downstairs and were apologized to, given an upgrade and sent on our way to yet another occupied room people clothes were strewn about and towels luckily it looked like they were out for the evening so this time at least no yelling. We were given free buffets and an upgrade to a lanai suite and another apology. We were informed we couldn't talk to the hotel manager because he was in a meeting but they'd be sure to let him know about it. So this room was unoccupied and would be pretty if not for the stain on the carpet and the cigarette burn next to the bed. The bed was big and comfy the view of the golf course was lovely though they neglected to clean the ash tray on the patio. The bathroom was spacious but unfortunately there was rotting wood on the walls near the bottom though that is do to I'm sure to the large walk in showers with rain style overhead shower heads real nice place to shower I admit. The countertop in the bathroom was water streaked and dusty but my husband cleaned it with water because by this time we were fed up. The beautiful plasma TV in the parlor was broken so we were only able to use the standard one in the bedroom for us not a big deal but for someone who has booked and paid the asking price for this room yeah it's going to be a problem and if you're only staying a few days be warned it takes at least two to get someone to look at the TV according to the gentleman who came to see if he could help us out. Housekeeping will open the door without knocking here just to let you know even if you leave a do not disturb sign on the door so with all the miscommunication about rooms which by the way according to the front desk is housekeeping's fault I suggest you double bolt I got to see how the couple we walked in out felt the next morning do to this fun quirk. I think Hilton might want to invest in getting housekeeping proper training. After being walked in on, my husband was not in the best of moods so this time he wanted to speak to the manager. Kevin O Brian was the gentleman he spoke to and I have to say though none of last nights problems had been mentioned to him he was very apologetic seemed sincerely to be embarrassed about the situation comped our internet I do feel he was sincere but the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth and I have no real intention of staying on any Hilton property which is a shame I love Vegas and tend to only gamble at the hotel I book my room in and do most of my shopping on property as these getaways are my me time. I didn't gamble or leave the room much at all! What if the person they gave key's to my room wasn't as honest as we were I bring my laptop and jewelry with me as many people do plus I was going to a wedding in Arkansas after this particular get away so I had a lot of valuables on me at the time. I almost didn't go to the show I'd purchased tickets for but Mr O Brian put a not e in the computer that no one was to touch the room unless me or my husband personally invited them in. All in all I have to say I probably should have stayed at the crappy little hotel downtown at least they gave me an unoccupied room with a working television without a bunch of hassle.
4	Probably closer to 3 than 4, but I'm in a generous mood tonight.  I lucked out and got a renovated room.  The front desk staff was efficient and cordial on check-in and the valet parking staff excels at customer service.  The buffet is excellent, especially the pasta bar.A few negatives.... the hallways are disgusting.  Lots of plates on the floor I'm on.   Also, the buffet staff can be slow at times, so you may want to pace yourself for drink refills.  And no free wi-fi.  That's a HUGE minus, in my book.All in all, a pretty good hotel, especially if you're in Vegas for a convention.
5	I came with a group and the rooms were nice and we had a great time! They had a great special, people very nice, and a large casino! I will stay here again. Off strip but hop on the monorail and you will be on the strip in no time flat!!!!!!
2	In it's prime, this hotel must have been THE spot. After all, Elvis was in residence forever and top notch performers continue to mount shows in its entertainment venues. But I am not a fan.I visited the hotel out of curiosity, primarily to compare Hilton hotel properties (Hilton has announced that it is terminating it's franchise agreement with this hotel at the end of 2011). I thought I'd stop in for lunch, on my way to other sites. Well, that was kind of a mistake. There is only one place, other than a coffe bar and a Pizza Hut, to eat before 5pm.There are a number of shops within the hotel, including a couple of hair salons (chains). The casino contained in the hotel lobby seemed busy and I noticed there was a VIP area.I haven't been in the guest rooms, so can't really comment on them. I found the lobby and restaurant areas dated in regard to decor, but clean.This hotel is attached to the Convention Center, making is very convenient to anyone attending a large convention there. The monorail also makes a stop there, which is important because it's not exactly in the middle of the action on the strip.I think this hotel had a government contract, a point that may be important to certain readers. I did notice several online specials, with rates as low as $79/night.
4	I stayed 2 nights. Checked in on Monday September 12th. The front desk was very friendly and I got my room upgraded. I'm not sure what the room is called but it was pretty nice. It was fairly modern. It had a nice flat screen, a  refrigerator, couches, and plenty of space. There is also no resort fee and the casino has some really good video poker machines. Also, you have the option to opt out of housekeeping in return for a $10 food voucher.The only negative experience I had was when I tried calling house-keeping because I forgot to bring a toothbrush. I guess they were really busy, but I was on hold for almost 10 minutes before I got to speak to someone. And when I finally asked for a toothbrush, I didn't get it for over 30 minutes.
5	We often stay at the MGM or other Hotels on the strip, but to save money we decided to stay at the LV Hilton because of the cheap rates! I booked a classic room, upon check in we were able to upgrade to a one bedroom suite for $40 a night!  We decided what the heck $40.00 for a suite, ok!  The Suite was located in the North tower, where all rooms have been renovated. When we got to the room we were suprised by how clean and modern the room was. The room was as good as it gets for the prive, the bedroom was huge! We had a king bed with a couch area and flat screen tv, that connected to a separate living area with a murphy bed, wet bar, couch and dining table with chairs. It was well worth our money! IWe will always consider the LV Hilton for future Vegas trips...
2	Look, this place is past its prime. I am sure when Elvis lived her this was THE PLACE to be but it's not that anymore. I was in town for a convention at Bally's but didn't want to stay there as I wanted to stay at HHonors property. This place made sense because it's on the Las Vegas Monorail. I was happy with that as it felt like I was catching the subway to "work" every morning. I liked it and it helped me save a ton of money on cabs around Vegas. The hotel is massive and the casino  is nice. I have no complains about the rooms but compared to shiny new Vegas it felt older. I am sad to hear that this property will no longer be a Hilton in 2012. I wonder how that will work. Oh and this hotel is a bargain!
1	If you really are just looking for a cheap place to stay in Vegas, then I guess this place is fine though you are better off at Luxor since at least you are on the Strip.  If you have any other expectations, this place is a complete dump and you should spend the extra money to go somewhere decent. I can't find much, if anything, to like about this hotel other than that it was free for me as the company foot the bill.  The wireless is PAINFULLY slow (like dial-up slow), the gym costs $20/day and is akin to a cheap 1980s Jane Fonda era place with mainly broken down machines, the towels are like dishrags, the food is horrendous in both the Buffet and the restaurants I tried, the bottled water is $4, etc.  Hell, the wakeup call service is completely ridiculous and the HD TV does not have any HD channels with it. Clearly, Hilton has given up on this place and no investment is being made to do any upgrades to anything. Mainly, it is full of drunk, chain smoking rednecks stumbling around the hotel and it is on the FAR end of the Strip so don't expect to walk anywhere.  Go to the Wynn or the Bellagio if you can foot the bill or try the Paris or MGM as they usually have some decent room rates.
2	The Pamela Anderson of hotels. Looks really hot from a distance but, up close, shows her age, cracks, cheapness and is overshadowed by those half her age. This place screams "only relevant because of our location next to the Convention Center!!!". Take your money elsewhere. You need a cab to get to a decent restaraunt. You might as well stay and eat  at a nice place and take a cab to the convention. My room was so tired and dirty with stains in the faded carpet including DNA from several generations. My sink would not drain and my toilet was difficult to flush. The grout in the shower was no longer white. The tv was a flatscreen but not HD. No iPod hookup, $14 per day for Internet, no minibar, cracked furniture, plastic wallpaper........crappy, overpriced restaurants through and through.......UGH!   I'm done here.........
2	I've stayed at the Hilton for many years. It is, as I am, showing age. The crowd is much smaller. The rooms are the same and need an remodel. Price was very good at only $38 for Sunday night.If you are doing a convention at the LV Convention Center, this is the most convenient place. If you want modern luxury, the Hilton's not your spot. Go to the Bellagio, Wynn or Venitian. But, if you want an older, clean, cheap spot give the Hilton your business.
1	Got a sweet deal on Expedia. Well, now that I've seen the hotel I know why. The first thing was we were looking for a bellhop to help us with our luggage due to back problems and couldn't find one anywhere. We checked in to our first room and discovered it was dirty and covered in cigarette burns. When we went back down to ask for another room, we decided to upgrade for an extra $20 a day. We got to that room only to walk into a shitty situation. Literally. The toilet was FULL of shit. I don't mean someone forgot to flush the toilet, I mean like someone was playing a nasty prank on us and didn't flush for 3 days.  How's that to start the vacation?Then we had to wait for a plumber, who finally fixed the issue and then had to wait for housekeeping to come back because there was shit all over the floor. Management didn't offer us anything at all for the disgusting inconvenience nor did they offer to switch our room. We're even considering staying a few extra days but will definitely be switching hotels. What happened to the service and cleanliness The Hilton brand use to carry with it?Spend the extra few bucks to stay down the way.Okay same day update: I bitched and moaned and got one night of the upgraded room ($20) paid for and my $20 room service paid for. $40. I don't feel I should have to bring that issue up, it should really be acknowledged in the customer service world BEFORE complaining. Proactive,not reactive.
4	I am going to give this hotel 4 stars. After reading all the reviews on yelp, trip advisor and any other web site that could tell me. Good thing about this hotel, I was really nervous to stay here, and this is why the 4 stars.The staff was so friendly and helpful. The rooms were just as nice(east tower) as the Chicago hotel that Obama stayed in( I gave that one 2 stars).  The rail line is right there and the bus line is within waling distance. We were there for a conference which made it really easy. Worth the stay to me.
4	Just got back and I must say this is a good hotel and casino. Played in a BJ tournament and ended up getting the room comped. Apparently the only difference between the Central Tower and the North/East tower is the mattress and bathroom. It gets an extra star because it is by the Monorail which saves you mucho casho!!!!!
1	This place is an absolute dump.  Do not stay here for any reason.  I would have given this place zero stars if possible.My room literally smelled sour.  Like someone spilled something that wasn't properly cleaned.  The shower was terrible with water just barley warm enough to tolerate.  Asked for a new room and was told that one wasn't available until the following night.  When I did get a new room, the results were similar to my previous room.  Compared notes with the 4 others I was traveling with and they also had similar complaints.The food was below average and way overpriced even for Vegas.  Was in town for business and needed to order room service one evening, Chicken Caesar Salad, Side of Fries, Glass of Wine....$51.35 before tip.  Opened the lid to find half the lettuce was brown and the chicken was nothing more than a microwaved piece of leather plus the wine was not what I had ordered....sigh!  Printing my one page boarding pass in the business center cost me $2.89.  Seriously!?It's no wonder that Hilton is pulling its affiliation from this dump at the end of the year.  Good luck finding a new partner for this POS.  I could go on and on but will simply say....stay away from this place.  There are so many better options in Vegas.
2	I stayed at this Joint in the middle of September for 3 nights. Pros: The North Tower Premium Room was nice and clean and the Beds were Comfy, Walking Distance to Las Vegas Convention Center. Cons: NO COFFEE IN THE ROOM!!!!! The AC/Heater sounds like a engine with denotation problems, the Windows are dirty the Scenic elevator barely works and if it does that elevator makes creepy noise, while I play in the Casino I request a drink and if takes forever to receive, keep in mind this Joint is Off Strip so If You want to venture into the Strip trust Me You are better off renting a Car or like I did "Drive Your Own Car", The Verdict: The reason for 2 stars is at least the Premium Room had a Premium fell to it as long as the Curtains are shut, Next time I come to Vegas for Pleasure I am booking a room in the Strip!
2	Only reason to stay here would be if you're attending a convention at the LV Convention Center (which I was).  The location is unbeatable, but the quality of the rooms is pretty unimpressive.  The room was barely passable as a 3 star...dingy and needs to be updated badly.
3	Eh...I am very luke warm about this hotel. I used to stay here all the time because we used our miles. Nothing really special. A vanilla review for a vanilla hotel.
1	I'm not going to waste time writing about this hotel as I have tried to block it out of my mind. It needs massive amounts of money for upgrades but it's connected to the convention center so who knows when that will happen. There were many escorts by the elevator which no one from the hotel cared about. I guess if I had to work it "that" building I would care about anything either.
1	Dated, Dismal and Disgusting.I hate to post such a negative review, but would hate to have anyone have a similar experience.My husband and I recently stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton on a 8 hour layover in lieu of a redeye to the east coast...I think the redeye would have been more pleasant. I knew the property was aging, but I was not prepared for such a horrible experience in the mere 6 +/- hours we were there.The hotel was dingy, smelled of cigs from the moment you walked in (I know, it's Vegas).Had to wear my sandals in the shower it was so nasty (they had a rubber mat on the edge of the tub that was as bad as the bottom of the tub), carpet was dirty, room smelled awful, sheets were hanging off the side of the bed when we arrived, and I was bitten by something in the night....and we were told there were no non-smoking rooms available, so this is what we got...oddly we never saw another soul on our floor. We paid around $180 for the "night". We got 2 hours sleep, maybe.Do not stay here unless you have to, you don't plan to sleep or shower, or you don't care about filth. This is a far cry from other Hilton properties we've stayed at in recent months.
2	GOOD:* Good deal for three nights - $139* Hotels were clean and decent* Offers a GREEN offer - you get $10 voucher if you don't have cleaning serviceBAD:* The free $10 slot deal really sucks because of their system... we lost the $10 by putting the card in and didn't get to play. We went to complain and they said too bad.* No pets allowed* Old school TV* Channels were not what they said they were* The gym sucks... you pay $10-20 to get entry and it really isn't worth it. I got in for free but if I had to pay, I'd demand my money back. It was TINY.* You need to pay for Wifi!Overall... I'd stay here again BECAUSE of the deal, but I would probably just come here to sleep and go on the strip to workout and play the casinos.
1	As a Hilton Hhonors member ive stayed here many, many times ONLY to get the ultra cheap rooms and points. Others do this as well. I do not recommend this hotel.Front desk "manager" known as "Junior" is the most unprofessional, rude and ignorant person Ive had to deal with personally or professionally. I was actually stunned by his blatantly ignorant attitude.Some employess are true gems, others the bottom of the barrel. Junior Salvator is an example of the latter and im sure has cost this place dearly. I have had friends and groups in town and have sent them elsewhere due to this ...personGranted its a faded glory BUT that solely due to Colony capitol the owners who had a unique licensing agreement with Hilton, which finally, they lost effective Jan 3 2012. Colony walked away from Resorts in Atlantic City and The AC Hilton, now the ACH, lost its franchise immediately and according to teh AC press hasnt paid taxes since 2009. This seems to be the way this company operates: Buy a property run it to the ground until teh bank takes over and declare bankruptcy.The rooms are old. Even the fantasy suites on the 29th floor feature ( drum roll) A VCR!! I miss the 80's but REALLY?? Rugs look like they just removed the police tape from the crime scene, dirty musty and old. bathrooms are surprisingly clean however. The halls are long , floors uneven and dark. SIGNAGE IS HORRIBLE you will never find you way without a guide.Spa is OLD SCHOOL which, if you like that, youll enjoy the experience. Gym is in the spa. There are separate male and female spa areas. rugs are filthy in the locker room. A hot tiny workout room with machines usually not functioningFood: its BAD but at least its EXPENSIVE....... LVH is NOT a food destination. benihana is the best outlet but even that is very uneven. check in is amazingly slow- so slow its almost like a seinfeld skit, typing for minutes and minutes etc. Other properties are so fast.Bedding and towels are old. very old and surely the cheapest they could rent. Amenities are hilton standard however that will change in 2012. beds are cheap. Few furnishings in the roomTV: Tired old box tvs and some rooms have plasmas BUT only a handful of channels and no HD which most other properties have.Complains and problems fall on deaf ears. Its the only Hilton affiliated property that does not respond to emails when all you are trying to do is resolve an issue, which then in itself becomes and issue.Vip lounge has its gems... This access is given to Diamond members instead of the lounge floor upgrade or access as required under Hilton Hhonors program ( they have the resorts club level-named to avoid policy compliance, not worth the price)Parking is easy. Fast to get from car to room usually. Avoid sportsbook parking on sunday of courseSportsbook is giant and loud. Table games frequently have high minimums. Slots run from 1980 models to newer games. Players Card program went from bad to worse. Low payback and comp especially since the other properties have upgraded their programs.Many people have the same complaints over a long period which clearly shows the lack of ACTION from the property. Ive seen the innocous responses to some complaints posted here, but that "lip service" is only to alieviate the effect of the honest reviews.If you get a cheap rate, and need a place to stay...well... actually, there are many superior properties ( South point, Orleans etc) that offer superior product at a low price,Room Tip: Be near but not next to the elevators or service rooms. Have them show you on the map the location of your room The hallways are quite long especially if you are there for a convention
1	Never again.  This place is supposed to be a 3-star property; not even close.  The rates were pretty good for the property & we wanted to stay at a place that was close to a friend who lives just across the way, but this was not what I signed up for.  Driving up, you definitely get the sense that the property is pretty damn old but I figured the rooms would probably be in a somewhat renovated state.  Nope.  Well, apparently some of the suites have been updated but not the standard rooms.  I only know that the suites were renovated because when we checked in, we were assigned to a room on the 28th floor that turned out to be the middle section of a suite.  The room looked spacious with a full dining table, couch, flat screen TV, etc., but because it had no bed we immediately called the front desk and asked to be moved.  We were reassigned to a room on the 25th floor which had a bed but looked like a total dump.  The curtains couldn't be opened because the curtain hangers or whatever were broken so the whole time our curtains had to be kept closed.  The flatscreen TV in the room appeared decent enough until we turned it on:  static-y/grainy ala a poor college kid's set where you have a TV but no cable service.We decided not to ask for a different room or upgrade since we figured our trip would be short & we wouldn't be in the room all that much.  So the next morning we find out we have some ghetto ass LOUD neighbors who start yelling and hooting and hollering as though they are having a party at 8:30 a.m.  The room walls weren't all that solid to begin with (as clearly evident from the fact that as we were walking down the hall we could hear a woman who was clearly having what I can only imagine was an amazing orgasm) but the yelling and screaming sounded like we didn't even have a wall between us.  So we leave the hotel in the morning to meet up with friends and have brunch, etc., and return to find that housekeeping never stopped by during the several hours we were out.  Awesome.  So we had to call housekeeping and specifically request that our room be turned.  Never had to do that before.  I will never return to the property unless there's a significant remodel done to the entire place which is highly unlikely.  Next time, no matter how short the stay, I intend on just spending the money to stay at a decent property.  With all the choices in the area, the quality of the rooms here are unacceptable.
4	Stayed here twice, and always been a good experience. You cant complain about the prices 60 to 80 bucks what else do you want..the bathrooms are a little out dated but the all your gonna do is shower and shit so who cares..the rooms are good size enough to hold a couple of people for a quick good drinking session before hitting the strip and the beds are comfy!! The buffet down stairs isn't half bad but a lil pricey for me... quick check in and check out, all around a good place
3	I stayed here for freezy since my gf was here for a conference. Rooms were better than I expected and the casino itself was maybe a little below average for Vegas. Nothing really that flashy, but most people staying here are here because it's usually cheaper than on-strip locations.My favorite part of this hotel, since I had to fend for myself during the day, was fantastically easy access to the Monorail. The Monorail starts at the Hilton (Sahara is closed) and continues by Harrah's, Bally's and ends at MGM Grand. You can walk pretty easily from those places to most of the strip. At the Hilton isn't far from the actual stop, unlike the Bally's stop which is far from the actual casino.If you can get a fantastic rate, this is a comfortable hotel that's less insane that those on the strip. if you're looking to gamble easily on strip, but want to be a bit away from the action, this is the hotel for you!
3	Ols school, but very clean for the Vegas area. They always have good fights to come watch.
2	My first visit to Las Vegas -- my first time inside ANY casino -- was my stay at the Las Vegas Hilton.  This was a while ago.  Back when TI was called Treasure Island and they had pirates out front instead of sluts.  Back when Bellagio was still kinda new.Back then, the Hilton was reasonable enough and offered something to warm over any geek (like myself) who needed a reason to even stand in Las Vegas:  Star Trek:  The Experience.  Yes... the Hilton had a Trek thing and Trek casino on the premises.  There to reassure my generation that, yup, Vegas likes YOU too.  It was fun staying at the Hilton at that point, comforting to know I wasn't on the big bad ominous STRIP.  And this is coming from someone who lived 4 years in Brooklyn, okay?But then years passed and return trips taught me something.  The STRIP doesn't need to be in capital letters.  Like it's a SCARY place.  It's actually a safe fun BLAST if I must use all caps for something.  And so why in the freaky-deaky world ---- would you intentionally stay off the strip?  The hotel better be worth it, right?  Something extra special and extra different.  Or why bother?Having recently visited the Las Vegas Hilton again, the best way I can put this is:  don't.  It's less than nothing special.  I actually found it very depressing.  The old girl has seen her last day, and unless she drops into Deep Space Nine for a retrofit, the bitch needs to be de-commissioned.Why do I say depressing?First of all, that funky and fun Trek casino that was on the premises warped out some time ago.  That's okay.  I can forgive that.  What I can't forgive is that they left half of it behind.  Out of good ol' cheap laziness.  So if you drift around the casino enough, you'll find a slot machine 'spot' housed inside half of what was the Trek exhibit.  It's... bizarre.  They could have turned it into a futuristic bar of sorts if they really needed to 'keep' some of the metal and glass crap from the Trek thing.  But no, that would cost $$$$... wouldn't it?  And so they essentially did nothing.The Hilton offers a host of cheezy Vegas singer/impersonator types.  They perform in this teeny tiny showroom that houses no more than 50 people at once.  Yes, that's right, nothing says you're about to see an amazing act than a theater that holds 50 people in it.  50 entire people.  To glock how depressing this is, know that the Hilton -- JUST THE HILTON -- houses over 3000 rooms.  The night I was recently there, they slid a wall away from this showroom to show you what you were missing.  Yes, right off the casino, a line of people who didn't pay to see some fool 'croon' were watching the 'spectacle.'   Some guy who's miserable job was to come out and pretend to be 1/1000th as popular as Wayne Newton.  It made me want to become an alcoholic just watching him.My partner in crime and I ended up seeing comedian Gilbert Godfried there.  In that same room of 50 or less people.  That was populated by two middleaged greasy photographers with bad hair and worse suits trying to take your picture for big bucks... in an age where everyone carries digital cameras... in a room a showroom about as special as Wayne World's basement.  DEPRESSING.And if this wasn't depressing enough, Gilbert was terrible.  Looked like an amateur.  And I really like this guy.Need more?  You must be a glutton for punishment like me.  One of the 'big deal' restaurants in the Hilton is a Benihauna.  Yes, I enjoy Teppan Grill, but you can kinda get it anywhere these days.  True, you can't a Beni like the Hilton has... a giant village setting where you actually feel like you're in old Japan -- but the night I walked in there was a big hole in the ceiling.  Signs asking patrons to forgive the leaking water.  We walked out faster than we walked in ---- which is just what I'm recommending YOU do.If you need affordable rooms in an okay resort, try NYNY and MONTE CARLO on the strip.  They're less depressing, have more life to 'em, and are ON the strip.
1	I ended up in the hospital after 1 night here!I stayed at the LV Hilton in October for a business convention.  After being in my room for only a couple of hours I took a nap and got a spider bite.  The next day the bite was so bad I ended up in Urgent Care, ER, and then a 5 day hospital stay.  I was on heavy pain killers (dilaudin) and antibiotic drip for the entire time.  When I notified the hotel they took no responsibility and said their hotel is clean.  They didn't even comp my 3 night stay, that I was never there for.  Not even an apology.  I have been a Hilton chain customer for about 13 years.  I will never stay in one of their properties again!
2	Just got back from Vegas and took a long, hot shower.  No, that is not me being influenced by Las Vegas' seedy underside; and it's not only because I was achy from the drive (although--man I forgot how long it is).  It is because I stayed at the Hilton and cannot vouch for the cleanliness of my surroundings.  Let me rewind.  When we arrived, I couldn't find much to complain about at first.  Check-in was quick and our room on the 25th floor was attractive to the eye.  The off-strip location was set away from the clutter without being isolated, due to its onsite monorail station.  But there were a few things that were bothersome.  Like the way the carpeting is so old in the casino that the smell of smoke just hangs on everything.  Like the fact that wi-fi was $13.99 a day (the reason I waited to write my review).  Like the fact that the room was lacking other common amenities, like a refrigerator and updated thermostat (although the former may be common in Vegas, due to the fact that they are trying to get you to spend money on going out to eat).  Or the fact that our sink backed up.  Or the irritating flourescent tubes right by the vanity mirror.  Or lame T.V. channel choices.  But still I was hedging on whether all these items earned the place a downgrade to a three--after all it *is* an older property.  But then my husband's cousin had to wait two hours for housekeeping to clean his room after a backed-up toilet situation and after calling twice for follow-up--they had to have different people come by for different purposes (one guy to plunge, one to mop, etc.).  Hubby actually had to walk down to the front desk so that one of their managers could talk to one of housekeeping's managers.  The three rating was confirmed.  And then my seven-year old (sure, it's a family destination) noticed the bitten-up pieces of cheese on our carpet in several parts of the carpet.  Ew.  That means they don't vacuum the carpet.  Definitely a downgrade to a two.  Sorry, but I expect basic cleanliness to give a hotel a three.  The lack of amenities is perhaps understandable given the low cost of the room; but the basics should never be overlooked.  Not my worst hotel experience (see my review of Naniloa Volcanoes Resort in Hawai'i)--but I expect much, much more from Hilton.
2	It's really kind of past its day, this Hilton.  It's off the strip and to the North of the 21st Century's true strip;  adjacent more to the sad Riviera and Sahara ruins than the hopping nature of the Venetian and Bellagios.  It keeps afloat, I assume, via the LVCC, which is another place that shows its age more than it'd like to, I assume.They murdered Quark's Bar and Star Trek The Experience!  It is hard to love a casino after that;  it's doubly hard when there's virtually no reason to go to here besides if you wanted to see "Nunsense" or were simply told to stay next to your convention center.  Cheap rooms are easy to get out of the Flamingo or Bill's.  This is... sad.
2	Stayed at the Hilton for 4 during the EMS Expo; this was our fourth stay at this hotel. We were told by the Desk Clerk that no rooms had refrigerators but we found out that refrigerators were available. This hotel charges for the Wi Fi - 13.+ daily for ONE computer to receive Wi Fi. There was a charge for the fitness room too. The gaming was another disappointment; dealers had no personality. Won't stay here for the next Expo.
1	What a poorly run property! We had made a reservation two months in advance for a non smoking room with two double beds! Shouldn't have been that tough. On arrival after waiting in line for forty minutes we were informed the room would not be available until after 4pm. We returned to check in at 10pm at which time we were informed they had no non smoking rooms with double beds. We spoke to the manager who kept us waiting 15 minutes and then was rude, he made no effort to correct their mistake! I have stayed in thousands of hotels and have never been told my reservation for a non smoking room and doubles beds was only a request and the hotel was under no obligation to honor my reservation.  We were given a room with one king bed and told a rollaway would be sent up. When we got to our room it hadn't been cleaned, bed was a mess, dirty glasses and room keys laying around, bathroom hadn't been cleaned. We returned to the front desk. This time a room with two double beds opened up and non smoking as well!Upon reaching this room it was clean, however the thermostat was falling off the wall, the sink didn't drain and the shower had warm water at best. I could go on but by now you should have an idea of what to expect. If your expectations are that of a one star hotel then you may be satisfied.  This property is awful in almost every respect. It is a disgrace to the Hilton name!
2	During it's heyday, the Las Vegas Hilton was quite possibly the fanciest casino hotel resort not on the strip. Nowadays it's become dated, a "classic" Vegas establishment in hotel speak, and is a destination for nostalgia seekers, folks visiting the Las Vegas Convention Center next door, or simply people who are looking for a deal off the strip.As a hotel, the LV Hilton is more than adequate. Standard rooms are all oversized and the beds are solid. While the rooms may feel somewhat antiquated for some folks, they've done a decent job of attempting to modernize the themes, though there is always more work to be done. The suite selection isn't as vast as some off strip properties, but there is some opportunity to enjoy a quality amenities, especially in the villa suites which feature a space as large as 13,000 square feet. If Hilton heiress Paris were to stay the night, I have no doubt those rooms would be her *only* choice.The casino here is a total flashback to the early 1980s. They do have a decent and more recently expanded sports book, but most of everything from their table layouts to the slot machines scream old school more than anything. Their player's club program doesn't have much sell for casino offers and even the multi-tiered program isn't much of an incentive when the amenities simply aren't enough to match the nearby competing casinos. But in the same token, the comp rules are less stringent and the casino staff is accommodating and friendly.My biggest beef with the property is their awful dining options. When their "high end" selection includes the dreadful Benihana (http://www.yelp.com/biz/benihana-las-vegas) or the laughable Asian fusionesque Garden of the Dragon (http://www.yelp.com/biz/garden-of-the-dragon-las-vegas), it's easy to take issue with the rest. The classic buffet served here is a real sight to behold, with bland food being managed by a real unmotivated bunch of service staff. Instead of the confusing options, I will see on occasion a crowd of tourists over at the Pizza Hut Express (http://www.yelp.com/biz/paradise-cafe-las-vegas), but I suppose even they know what's up here. It's real sad when I'll opt for the Paradise Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/paradise-cafe-las-vegas) before throwing any additional money or wasting comp dollars on any of the aforementioned establishments. Though nightlife plays an important role at most casinos, this isn't much of a strong suit with the Hilton. Their pool attracts folks from time to time during the summer, but it's not much to write about. Tempo Lounge (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tempo-lounge-las-vegas) shows a little bit of promise, but the overly cheesy decor and crowd is a real detraction at times.Many folks have been screaming for a makeover at the Hilton for years. Until the day it gets one, it will remain one of the lower tiered properties among Sin City's eclectic collection of casinos.
4	Hilton is off the strip but accessible by the monorail.  Came in a few years back for a conference, and we brought family there for the Star Trek adventure.  Today, the place is quiet, no one is up yet and the casino floor is empty.  For a small price, we can ride the rail, stop and get off when you want and then get back on.  Parking is free at the Hilton, so the cost of the rail is all you'll be out.  Then you can beat the traffic jams at the major properties with limited access.
4	My husband and I stay here everytime we come to Vegas.  It's off the strip which I like.  If I want to go to the touristy area, I can just take the monorail which starts at the Hilton and ends at MGM.  I feel very comfortable staying at this hotel.  They just remodeled the building which looks great.  I like the gaming selections and the staff is down to earth.
1	Can I give no stars? I could spend an hour on why this place sucks. Ok I get the fact they are connected to a convention center and will always get guests but come on. Put some $ in the Place.Sportsbook is big and gross. I didn't want to touch anything in that place. Rikers island has cleaner facilities. Speaking of jail I'm sure there are nicer jail cells then the room I had. Hilton gold member, whatever.The restaurants please...went to 3 of them. Garbage and overpricedWe have another convention in Feb and the quote of the day was. "guys take a good look at this hotel, cause it will is the last time we stay here!"Very smokey FYI
1	No Parking, no Parking, sad for a mega hotel complex, had tickets to a 9pm benefit concert . Valet was closed (full) at 8pm. drove around the complete hotel and garage for 1 hour. had to give up and go home.  No Parking sucks..
2	Only LVCC direct option, but rooms are very run down and food options are horrible on site. They have a captive tradeshow market and have done few upgrades in past 10+ years. Decent suites for client events and catered food is good enough to impress clients with a view of the strip.
4	I stayed here last December in fabulous LV. Loved the room, but the bathroom should and needed to be bigger. The Lobby was a typical Vegas atmosphere. The hotel is located off the strip but still close and also had the monorail that runs to and from the strip. The room was clean and free of odor. I would stay at this hotel again with no questions asked.
3	Rooms are nice and you can get them for great prices. The cons are that it's a bit of a walk from the strip, though you can take a tram or monorail there. Also, I swear there is a perpetual smell (not a good one at that) around the hotel.The casino is a whole lot quieter than the ones on the strip if you like that and there is always plenty of parking.Overall, nice quiet area with a golf course. I wouldn't go here since I love the glitz and glamor of the strip, but I know plenty of you would like it (minus the smell and the long walk to the lobby and to the rooms from the entrance).
1	Wow. I'm still stunned at my experience from this hotel. Normally I stay at the TI, or Venetian, Mirage, but since I waited until the last second, and it was four days before New Years, I went against my better judgement and booked at the Las Vegas Hilton (aka Las Vegas Hotel). Well the room was more of a 2 star room, adequate, functional, with a bathroom that resembled a motel 6 bathroom. They basically added a 400 dollar flat screen which qualifies as a remodel nowadays at these hotels. But why do I give it  a one star rating? Well we wake up New Years morning and my fiance tells me she has a bug bite on her hand. Which I  kind of assumed maybe it was from a mosquito, except there was two bites right in a row?? Well at that point guessed who came crawling up the comforter? I was the actual resident of the room! Yes, you guessed it. We were not alone in that bed, it was indeed a disgusting BED BUG  in search of dessert. When the Las Vegas Hilton says free meals, they should qualify that! I had never seen a bed bug to that point so I trapped the little guy in a glass and googled him. It was a bed bug for sure, flat, looks like a tick, a little bigger than I imagined. So I took him down to the front desk and asked the manager (Melissa) what she thought it was. Surprisingly enough she had a look of  bewilderment. "I don't know...." was her response. I educated her and told her its a bed bug, apparently she's never seen a bed bug before???? So then the hotel went into response mode, and told me security would meet me in the room. I went up to the room to meet security. 30 minutes later no security. I called back down the front desk, and RC  told me security had some emergencies to deal with and to call back in an hour. He graciously offered me a free buffet while we waited. So, not being one to give up a free meal--I took him up on his offer. It was interesting that on the reason slip for the buffet, he didn't note "bed bug infestation" it was noted "leaky tub"--Denial?  Well, buffet---below average--sounds good in theory---but it reminded me of airline food back when they served it "free". So I returned to the room, and waited for security. As we waited for security two more bed bugs beat them to the room. (Apparently the good word is out about the complimentary blood buffet in room 457). I called again downstairs to RC and he says Lee from security on the way to investigate. Lee shows up shortly there after looks at the one we captured and the other ones crawling around (who knows how more there are that we can't see, as they blend in well on the brown floor and furniture) and calls down to presumably RC to tell him yes, there's a bed bug problem.  So let me cut to the chase, here's their solution. Since I'm leaving the next day is to move me to an "upgraded" room, which is basically the  same room, plus a sofa and a bathroom that looks more in like it had been remolded in the past ten years. Noticing that it seemed that this remedy was all that would  be offered, I went to the front desk to request a refund. I believed this to be a simple and easy request. Alas they did not agree. I was told to take it up with "risk management". Who is risk management? Dissatisfied I then left a message for the hotel general manager Joanne Murphy to call me. Two days later, no call, apparently this is how they take care of their guests.   In speaking with RC, and JR, of their management (yes apparently the ones that talk to you only give their initials??) They stated that bed bugs are in all hotels, the Wynn, Venetian, etc). My response, was--maybe. But what's different about those hotels is that they seek remedies to satisfy their guests, not try to sweep it under the rug or believe a fair remedy is to feed their guests disgusting buffet food.I have to go now, I have to dry clean these clothes to make sure there's no eggs in them or otherwise I'd have my own infestation!, Thanks Las Vegas Hilton, and Joanne Murphy!
3	I am usually a Hilton Brand Fans. But I believe this hotel is really not up to Regular Hilton Standard. I am a Diamond Hilton Honor member. I booked a room with a Strip View but I didnt get one due to inavailability. It's okay considering it's new year's eve. Nevertheless, the room is quite old. The AC fan omitted huge fan noise. The only good thing about this hotel is that I got $25 free bet and champagne during eve.Other than that, the view of the strip from the pool is mostly blocked by Wynn and Encore. Nice job guys building a new hotel and blocking the view of others :)
4	NYE!!We booked this room last minute cause we couldn't decide if we wanted to do Vegas for New Years.  I must say my experience here at the Hitlon wasn't as bad as some of the reviews I read.  I must say our room was nice. I stayed at my friends room which was a floor below us and their room was completely different than ours completely different. When our Friends walked into our room they were in shock at how nice ours was compared to theirs and they paid $200 more.  So i can see how some people can have dingy rooms after looking at theirs. No complaints to our room.I love that the Monorail was located at the hotel cause it was $5 for single ride which is what we used to get to our NYE destination. Was very useful.  I would have to say upon arriving to the hotel, the outside lights were off all you can see were lights from the rooms which I found odd.All in all my experience here at the Hilton was not bad at all. I would def stay here again.  Do not book the standard room i think that's where my friends stayed. We asked for a non standard.  Hope that helps.
4	We stayed here for 3 nights during New Years. With the string of not so favorable reviews, I wasn't quite sure what we'd be met with. While it wasn't high-end or palatial, you really do get a good deal here - a fast check-in, clean room, comfy bed and easy access to food options, gambling and the Strip.My boyfriend and I are part of the Hilton Honor's program so we like to accrue points for free rooms, upgrades and rewards. The bathrooms can use a little updating - the shower and floor tiles were light pink. Other than the uncomeliness of the bathroom fixtures, you get alll your basic amenities - flat screeen Tv, pillowtop bed, duvet, work station, hair dryer, designer toiletries - and some extra cash to spend on the tables, slots, buffets and shopping. They have the worlds largest sportsbook, several cafes, Benihana's, TJ's Steakhouse, gift shops, fast food, daily buffets, nightly entertainment, room service and great access to the Strip via the monorail. We purchased a couple 3-day unlimited access passes for $28/person. Way cheaper than taxis! I've stayed at many different types of hotels and, just like a good pair of shoes, it depends on what your budget, occasion and priorities are. If you're looking for a comfortable stay and want to free up some extra Vegas play money, then the Hilton is a great choice.
4	The Las Vegas Hilton changed hands on January 2nd and became the LVH, a horrible name, but likely to be changed soon. So new, they don't have a sign. The property has been sold to Goldman-Sachs, who surely intend to flip it. A smart buyer will pick it up due to its location adjacent to the convention center (and on the monorail, making it convenient to all other strip hotels). Who knows what will happen then, it's possible they would tear it down and start over, so this review may be moot. Renovation was still under progress as we stayed there, which implies that they will keep it up, but our room was very good, and the renos were not intrusive. When the hotel was built 40 years ago, it was the largest in the world. Not it is the 15th largest in Las Vegas. This makes me suspect a new buyer will tear it down anyway. A few negatives; the track lights did not work, and the curtains were very hard to move. Walls were fairly thin. But the beds were great and the room was large (Grand Room). There were no bedbugs as has been reported in the past. We got a fantastic discount rate but normally in convention weeks the place is fairly pricey, you are paying for the convenience of the location. Be aware that the "$100 in coupons book" included with the deal is worthless. You have to pay a lot more than the coupon is worth to use it, and it was good only in their very expensive and mediocre in-house restaurants. It will be interesting to see what happens here.
4	My favorite hotel to stay at while in Vegas. I absolutely love LVH, formerly known as the Las Vegas Hilton. I, honestly, let everyone know about how awesome my stay was here.I fell in love with the bed & it's sheets; AWESOME! I was warm the whole night and wanted to bring the sheets home. But, no worries, I didn't.I didn't try the restaurants, I will on my next stay. I did try Pizza Hut, which was good. I love how this hotel isn't a "party" hotel. So it's pretty calm, which I'm a fan of.I have notice the price for LVH has drastically gone up since the whole ownership deal, which does suck.
1	This is not a "Hilton" hotel.  It was sold a few years ago and the "Hilton" company has been trying to get their name off of it.  I have stayed at a few "Hilton's" over the years and many casinos in Vegas but had never stayed here before but my wife and I wanted to try something new. Apparently they don't believe in customer service at the LVH.  Maybe they didn't know that there is competition for travelers in Vegas?  They were rude from the moment we checked in until the moment we left.  The people at the front desk, the woman at the players club desk, even at the coffee shop acted like they wanted nothing to do with us.  So rude and uninterested in speaking to us.  My wife and I made it a point not to spend a penny here.  We saw shows at Ceasars Palace, and New York New York, ate at Paris, Mandalay Bay, The Flamingo, and Terribles casino.  We spent quite a bit over the last 3 days but not one penny at the LVH.  The room was nothing special.  I've stayed at 6 different casinos now and would rate the quality of the room in the middle.  Nothing exceptional, nothing horrible about the room itself.  When I've stayed at the Hilton in San Francisco they always treated me with such respect, the other casinos in Vegas made us feel welcome.  I would rather get a $20 room at the Palace Station than go back to the LVH.  I would rather spend a lot more at a casino that I enjoy being at then put one more penny in the pockets of the staff at LVH.  The management clearly is not doing their job if their employees are allowed to treat guests like they do.  When you are on vacation you want the people at your resort/hotel to be welcoming, not act like you are bothering them, they are tired and don't want to see any more guests.
4	What can I say? I only spent $189.00 for Fri, Sat, Sun and Monday night. I could not beat the price, the check-in staff was friendly and quick, housekeeping was on top of their game and the PRICE!!!! The restaurants are not good though and the casino does nothing for me, no winning, no nice decor, no friendly faces throughout, but the rooms were ok. Ours was a standard I'm sure, but all you need a room for in Vegas is to sleep so to me the more important things are service, affordability and conveniance and this place had all three. I have stayed at the Venetian as well and there is NO COMPARISON, so if you have unlimited funds and you want to spend 450.00 a night on a suite go to the Venetian. If price is the number one factor, stay at LVH!!!
3	The rooms are old and the place is a bit out of the way. Their casino doesn't get very busy. The only really redeeming factors were the sports book and the 24 hour diner that served some pretty good food. Maybe with the new ownership things will improve.
3	Casino #2! This was my second Casino in two weeks in a different city! Good number of slot machines and tables, along a variety of restaurants to select from. However, not the greatest restaurants, but it does the job when you're hungry. Overall the former "Hilton" was pretty decent. However, if you're here for a convention in the Convention Center, it is fairly convenient, depending which hall you need to go to. The LVH is adjacent to the "North Hall" of the Convention Center. However, if you need to go to "Central or South Hall," it would be more ideal to stay in the Renaissance. They have a great selection of suite size as well. Beware, for big tradeshows, make sure to book 3-6 months ahead to reserve your ideal suite because they will book fast!!
4	we stayed here the first time we went to vegas together. it was last minute so we found the room for cheap on a travel search. we upgraded at check in which was a reasonable cost. we also got access to a private lounge. free food and alcohol was a plus, and we could take it back to the room. the hotel is huge, we got lost looking for the elevator a couple of times. and speaking of the elevator, the wait was crazy long sometimes. it was a big clean room, that was nicely decorated with a comfortable bed. the downside is that it was off the strip and the tram was having maintenance done.
2	What is going on here?  It's kinda remodeled and looks pretty nice in most of the casino.  But then you walk to the back and you realize they never got rid of the spacey themed area that the Hilton had for their Star Trek Experience.  If you didn't know about the Star Trek thing from years ago, you are bound to walk into this bar area and go, "WTF?"As far as food goes, it seems your choices are $30 a person (Benihana and whatever their Italian place is) or Pizza Hut Express.  There are a few nice retail areas with your typical Vegas souvenirs and gifts.  There are also a few dead spaces that desperately need filled with restaurants or bars.Seems like with a little more work this would be a solid place to hang out or maybe even get a room for your Vegas Vacation.  They need a few more attractions (shows, bars) to bring the crowds though.  Oh, and a sign outside the building advertising where on earth you are.
5	This hotel is a little aged, but they are going through renovations as we speak.I go to Vegas 10 to 15 times per year for various shows. This hotel is great because it's a short walk to the LV Convention Center. The walk is actually indoor and air conditioned because you walk through the LVH and it leads right to the side of the Las Vegas Convention Center.The staff is awesome here. They are very kind they will probably remember your name if you stay there enough times. This is simply because it's not a huge hotel. The buffet is pretty good and has unlimited beer and wine for a pretty descent price. They have a pretty cool program called "Go Green." The way it works is if you don't get a housekeeper to clean your room during your visit, the hotel gives you a $10 gift card that is good toward any restaurant or the Starbucks downstairs. If you are going to a show at the Convention Center and you don't want deal with a lot of traffic or you don't want to pay $20 to $30 for parking, then give this hotel a try. If you want to head to the strip and you don't want to pay a Taxi or you don't want to drive, you can also try the Monorail. It stops at the LVH and it's only $10 per day for unlimited usage.By the way, it use to be a Hilton and nothing except the price has changed after they took the name down. Their rates went down.. Five Stars and Two Thumbs Up to the LVH
1	Horrible place, lost our rooms 3 times, seriously?
3	We booked with prepaid Las Vegas cards from Cosco. So we saved there. We also chose this hotel because of its access to the monorail to get back on the strip. Our highlight was that we were able to upgrade to a suite upon checkin. This gives you a large master bedroom with a standing shower, jet tub and a mini bar. We didn't see much going on here for nightlife, food or gambling. So if you want a place to sleep.. away from the ruckus..  this is good for that.
4	If it's your first time in Vegas, perhaps you should stay on the strip. If you don't care about that and want to save your cash to spend on other things than "that place you might sleep a couple hours a night", read the last section of this review.I think most of the rooms have been renovated and at least have flatscreen TVs, refrigerators and a safe. Not the fanciest of rooms, but who comes to LV for the rooms? Hop on the monorail ($24 for 3 days unlimited) and take it to the strip. It runs til 3AM Fri-Sun so you can take plenty advantage of it. The coffee shop is kind of expensive for what it is and not impressive. Six of us agreed the best thing there were the onion rings. The deli by the sportsbook isn't bad if you're craving a sandwich. Benihana is always good. We didn't try the fancy schmancy restaurants here so I can't speak to them. So why 4 stars, you may ask? Well...it's the best deal for a room in Vegas if you're not getting comped. Here's what you need to do:Call the LVH and get transferred to the Players Club. Sign up for a card over the phone. You might need to be transferred to them by the reservations people, but they'll do it over the phone. Now that you have a card, you can book the better rates even though you've never even played there. I've successfully booked 3 nights with a bunch of free crap (buffets, drinks, spa, etc) for $155 total a number of times over the last year; you can get these rates for any night of the week, weekends included. You can get the same price for 4 nights without the extra crap they give you if you don't care about that stuff. Don't be persuaded into paying extra for a strip view over the phone. When you check-in, try the $20 trick (google it if if you're not familiar). High rate of success using this here between me and friends. Also, you can press a button on your hotel room phone to "go green" and if you forego a room cleaning, they'll leave a $10 voucher under your door that you can use for food anywhere in the hotel, This is awesome...so your second night there, take your voucher with you and go grab a free sandwich at the deli...you know you're gonna be wasted and have the munchies when you get back from wherever you're coming from.
4	This place is still classy, especially when compared to the nearby casinos (Circus Circus and Riviera).  The lobby and casino have that retro Vegas elegance.  The staff was very friendly, from check in, to wait staff, to the dealers.  We were there with our tween son, and we enjoyed the breakfast buffet, the casual restaurant, the Asian place and the steakhouse.  Our room (14th floor) was modern and did not look dated at all. The fitness center/spa was great to burn off the buffet calories and relax.  Note:  the "Strip View" is not what it used to be.  The new condos block much of the view.  Next time, I'll ask for a view of the mountains and golf course on the back side.
3	Okay yes we didn't check in till close to 1am, but what excuse was that when we went to our room we thought someone was still in there..I actually called my friend ( since they checked in for us and had our keys) and I asked them did you mess with our room.Turns out cleaning service never made it to our room. I called guest services and all I was offered was another room on a smoking floor - PASS but the maid service would be right up.Soooo 30 minutes into our room and our previous guest from Germany left behind some personal stuff, a lovely love note that we could only partially read and a bag he got from a convention and he took both the $4.00 water bottles, did I mention the bathroom had towels everywhere & a preview of what he ate before check out in the toilet.I called guest services again since I really had to use the restroom and we did not want to leave for the night without our room being serviced. I spoke with the guest services manager and someone was there within 2  minutes, I couldn't be mad at the staff since it was not her fault, he cleaned it up as quickly as possible and was very sweet, I still tipped her ( She did her job) she also supplied us with EXTRA towels and water bottles - that we where not charged for.In general the experience was good, the beds are comfy , it's still a decent hotel, no resort fees and we did late check out on Sunday, valet is quick & friendly.I would stay here again!
3	Comfortable
4	We got a $50 a night deal from Hotwire, and we enjoyed our stay.  The only negative were the late night dining options, and ridiculous price for wifi.
3	Never stayed here but looks like they have pretty good specials for locals. They are easy to get to, parking garage and a stop on the monorail. We usually go for the shows and Benihanna. Have reccomended to a few friends who sait it was okay. Have had zero success gambling here (but that is why they call it gambling) and have never received a cocktail. Hopefully that will change with the name.
4	I like that this is away from the action a bit.  The pool is great, the monorail handy and the price is low.  The beds are comfy and by stays have always been good there.  It isn't flashy impressive when you say that's where you stay, but who cares, if you're just sleeping anyway?
2	Got in at 10:00 pm, I was given a room that was occupied. Hotel looks "worn". The Fitness Center was a complete waste of money, as there are 12 machines and 50 people wanting to exercise in the AM. i spent over $50 for 3 days there and felt like i was taken. $3 for a boarding pass. $14.95 per day for wifi in the room. I know these are the going rates on the strip, but this is a bad location as well. They do not look to give away drinks to gamblers, and the food is extremely overpriced. The cleaning service in the room was very good! I suppose this place would close if it were not for the Convention Center. I will not return, and even if I do attend another Convention there, I will stay somewhere else. A guest should never feel taken advantage of, and I did there. If you go to their website, there is not a way to contatc them via e-mail. Kind of strange in this day and age?
2	The LVH - no longer the Hilton, but now The Las Vegas Hotel, has seen it's better days. We stayed for a convention/tradeshow a couple weeks ago and while it's convenient (work wise) it's nothing spectacular for the location. There's nothing awful about it either - it's just average. There are a few decent restaurants and shops, it's farily clean, there's a good business center and overall not a bad place to stay. There are more vibrant, lively places closer to the strip and nightlife, but if you're looking for something more quiet and perhaps a better budget value, the LVH isn't a bad option.
3	I saw no reason to go back. Average room next to a noisy elevator on one side of my room and the sound of airplanes on the other side of my room. Wasn't too enticing.   Funny thing was there was two hair driers in my room and I am bald. Also this place has no beer on tap and watery beer in the bottle. And $13 for internet access in this day and age? Fegetaboutit.
3	This place was a Las Vegas icon back in the day but now it's a sad old casino/hotel that's even lost it's iconic "Hilton" brand name. The cocktail waitresses all seem to be the same ones that were slinging drinks when Elvis was around....so very old and cranky. They have cut way back on the comps they give out, even for their high rollers. Just stayed there for 3 nights with a group of friends in from NC. The sports book is still one of, if not the best, in town. The rooms are once again dated and the shower head succeeded in getting me wet from the chest down.....why would anyplace put in shower heads at the 5 foot level? Absurd. The buffet was surprisingly good as was the Italian restaurant (highly recommend the veal piccata). I have lived in Las Vegas for 11 years and until yesterday never rode the monorail. (we took it from LVH to The Flamingo then hoofed it over to Caesar's Palace) I give it a hearty thumbs up and if it doesn't go bankrupt and shut down I will ride it again.
4	Let us check in at 9am, friendly staff.  Decor a bit old, but very clean.  Looking forward to our stay
2	It's... average. Used to be a Hilton until earlier this year.The good:---Check-in was quick, and our room was ready at about 10:00 a.m.---The view is decent, considering you're not on the strip.---Mattress was pretty comfortable.---The rooms are fairly big, even the standard rooms.---Most areas were very clean.---It's right on the monorail, so getting to the strip was very easy.---Average-ish buffet. I might have felt better about it if it had been a couple bucks cheaper, but what was there was fine. Just not a huge selection.The bad:---Internet access costs $14 per day, per device. In 2012? Are you kidding? Thankfully I didn't need it.---The whole place feels dated--tons of white marble, brass and "glass" light fixtures, and a Star Trek theme in what had to be one of the sadder bars in LV.---Really heavy smoke in the casino areas. The place needs better ventilation.---Super flat pillows, to the point where it was actually more comfortable to sleep on my wadded-up sweatshirt. My chiropractor's going to get more money from me than the slots did.---Our shower faucet didn't turn off all the way. I'm not talking a few drips; I'm talking an actual stream of water coming out of the faucet for four days straight. It took three calls to get anyone to come look at it, and when the "engineer" arrived, he said there was nothing he could do. Fab.---Also, the showers are super short. I'm only 5'7" and I had to duck to get my head under the water; my 6'5" husband didn't have a prayer. No water pressure to speak of, either.Overall: It's much less expensive than the higher-end places, and the fact that it's off the strip means it's a lot quieter. That may or may not be your thing. I appreciated being able to sleep (despite the crap pillows), so yeah, it was fine. Not sure it'll be my first choice the next time I go, but it was OK. Nothing great, nothing horrible. Just average.
1	Bad customer service.  They put my family in a room right beside elevator, which felt like earthquake all night long.  The hair dryer was not working and took two phone calls to have it replaced.  When I asked the supervisor RJ to change to a different room, he acted I was ridiculous.   I have been to different hotels all over the world, in term of service LVH definitely worse than the small motels.  Sham........
4	The price is good...The little club/bar oasis is open till 2am on fridays and if you are thinking that it will play a variety of music think again cause it looks like it caters only to one race...check it out and you will see.
3	It's a real bummer than LVH got dropped by the Hilton brand. Luckily we stayed at the LVH just 2 days before the Hilton Honors privileges disappears, so we were still able to get a room upgrade to a high floor in the North Tower (the nicer tower) of the hotel.The location of LVH was always a little disappointing, being just north and east enough of the strip to make walking anywhere on the strip impossible. LVH is the last stop on the Las Vegas monorail, but it's far enough that it's faster to just hop in a cab to get to the strip.  Although the hotel itself is still well-maintained on the inside, the lower prices of the LVH mean the crowd is dumpier than usual clientele of the expensive hotels on the strip. I say this because instead of seeing people in formal wear in the taxi line around dinner time, most people are in casual wear, often sporting fanny packs.Check-in and check-out took wayyy too long. The line is parked in turnstiles like you would see at airport security or an amusement park.  The buffet was also rather disappointing, but because our Hilton Honors status was still recognized, it was free, so the price was certainly right.All in all, a solid 3-star hotel like any other business travel stay. The room upgrade definitely made our stay worth the price, but I couldn't say the same after Hilton finishes packing up and moving out, leaving LVH to fend for itself.
4	I would have given this place 3 stars but it gets that fourth one because the sports book odds at this place ARE THE BEST IN THE CITY. I won an extra $100 just because the future odds of a team winning were 6-1 here versus 5-1 everywhere else at the time. (UK Wildcat basketball baby!!)
5	By far my favorite place to stay at in Vegas. It has a low key atmosphere without all of the distractions most places in Vegas offer. Want to learn how to play craps or pai gow poker, stop in and find a table. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. It is off the strip but close enough that you could get to the heart of Vegas. Vegas is not Vegas to me unless I stay here. Rooms have recently been renovated also.
1	Never again! The only good thing about TheLVH is it has a Monorail Station attached to it. That's it. We reserve a room with a strip view, which is the one above the cost of the basic room. We check in, asked for one king. We got two full size beds. I went down to let them know. The said all they had available was a room with a king, that they couldn't guarantee if was a smoking room even though it was on a nonsmoking floor. We took it. It was dirty as hell! It had a king size bed with a full sized headboard. It had a 1970 thermostat on the wall that blew luke warm air, cracks in the sink, stains all over. I went back down to complain, and they were apolagetic, and said that was all they had to offer. All they did was credit me $5 cause I no longer had a strip view. Did I mention my brother-n-laws reserved the basic room and go nice marble floors in the bathroom area, automatic curtains, not funky smell, and a thermostat from 2002. This place blows!!!
4	3.5 stars. Rooms are clean, spacious, and for the price (we paid $60 a night on a busy weekend) ... You just cannot beat that. Yes it's A little off strip but just drive down paradise to sands to koval and bam you're near planet Hollywood.
4	Great place to stay. Paradise cafe has a great surf and turf.
3	I needed two rooms for Friday night with a short notice of two days, and was able to book one through bookit.com, with a great rate and was very pleased: rooms were spacious, clean, nice and classy. It's 3 minute drive away from the northern end of the strip and I think the value was great for the price.However, there were several frustrations which all relate to the customer service and not the great hotel room itself, so therefore no more than 3 stars: 1) when I went to check in, I accidentally stepped to a wrong spot (a priority check in line). There were no lines for usual or priority clients. So the lady who checked me in later, asked if I am a priority member. I said no, and she made me actually go around and enter from the lay people's side. 1) because of the communication errors between bookit.com and LVH (the LVH system showed one day earlier arrival), the check in process took nearly 30 minutes. 2) The lady checking me in was staring her screen with frozen eyes and not caring if she put me to a hold for eternity or not. In the middle of the process I asked how long it's gonna take because I had booked a dinner and did not want to be late. She replied, 10-15 minutes. Not an apology, nothing, even though I had already been waiting for 15 minutes.3) The check out process was painful as check in, a lot of financial confusion. Even though I had prepaid through bookit.com, the LVH had put a charge on my credit card, more than three times a sum (and it did not free up until 4-5 days after the trip). Also in addition to that, the lady trying to check me out gave me two bills of 447 something per room, I don't even know so big numbers. I was like "WHAAT" and when I showed my papers that I had prepaid, then she gave me another paper to make these new bills void. So I was never charged that 2x447. However, a lot of adrenaline for that money paid. 4) I wanted to pay in cash for a bottle of water ($4), because I did not want to charge it on my card (I used my European credit card for the hotel room and every transaction costs an extra money) . So the lady checking me out told me not to worry about it - I thought it was nice gesture. Sure enough, 5 days later I still saw a charge on my card. I know it's not a million dollar bill, but it was still frustrating, especially as I had asked twice to make sure that I could pay for it in cash.5) I also sent the hotel the feedback and nobody replied. So their customer service seems to be virtually non-existent. It seems that they are targeting large crowds and making their money on the masses of visitors, not from the quality.So the conclusion: rooms are great, but expect a lot of hassle with service.
4	My first time in LVH - Las Vegas Hotel & Casino the rooms are great; clean with a view of the South. Food prices in the hotel are a little pricey.
2	Stayed her for Baker to Vegas relay weekend. Room was nice enough. Bed was comfortable. Had a great view of the strip. Clean bathroom and towels. Ate at Paradise Cafe for breakfast. Service was slow and they added an extra juice to our bill but they took it off. Bought a Fiji water at a small bakery which was $7.45, RIP OFF and to take money out of the ATM was $5.99 charge. Pool was nice and big and had good music playing. Service was slow with the girls taking orders around the pool. Never offered a menu or anything.Only stayed here b/c it was the host hotel, otherwise I'd probably stay somewhere else next time. Price was decent $79 a night.
3	Sixth time staying here ... first time since the name change. I got a KILLER deal- 4 nights for $140 but the rooms have gone downhill fast. I really really hope they clean up this place and fully remodel it because it has SO much potential!! I still love staying here because it feels like home... BUT it needs a lot of work. Had a great time anyway. Perfect location, and nice staff. Come on, LVH... REMODEL REMODEL REMODEL !!!!!! You can be awesome again!!!!!
2	The LVH is not as nice as it was when they were owned by Hilton. Since the foreclosure and buyout, you dont get Hilton points anymore and you have to pay extra to get one of the more modern rooms. The rooms still are nothing to write home about and are definately not worthy of an upcharge. I give this place a year before they go out of business. The air conditioning in the room sucked and we were moved twice.. We will not be staying here again.
5	very impressed. First of all, disregard all the Hilton comments because they need a chance. I was there for a work convention. At first I was close to the elevator and I kept hearing the elevator moving up and down. That was my fault because I wanted to be close to the elevator. The staff immediately moved me to another room. After I complimented them they gave me 4 free drink coupons, they love me and I love them. Thanks LVH for making my stay fun.PS. whats up with the hotel name, its messing up my google search and how to find you guys hahaha
4	A dear friend of mine escapes to Vegas every chance she gets.  I'd heard about the wonders of this hotel long before I had a chance to spend a night.  I'm happy that I had the chance, and I wish I had been able to see it in its prime.We were lucky.  We managed to snag one of the rooms on the third floor.  These rooms do not feature an amazing view, nor do they feature over the top decoration.  Instead they feature a quiet elegance alongside a bit of throwback charm.  I was so sorry to have to check out after my only night staying in this room, and when I make it back to Las Vegas, this is where I will head.The room was a split level, with the bathroom and beds at the top, then a few steps down to a small seating area and desk.  I was so pleased with what I found just outside the sliding glass doors. My own very private canopied lanai.  Just beyond my area was a walkway that ran the length of the hotel and connected all of the rooms on that side.  The walkway wrapped around the hotel and could easily have been used as a jogging path.  I believe it connected to the pool area, but did not have time to explore.  Next time!Las Vegas is an interesting place, and my constant traveling companion is my young son.  I don't gamble and I don't drink, so we spent most of our time in the hotel hanging out in the small cafe in the walkway.  We had so much fun watching the wide variety of people walk by.  Who needs an expensive show?  Ok, we needed an expensive show.  We did not get to see one here, sadly, but I was told that the hotel does still have big names, and that the theater is pleasant.  I was sad to see that the Star Trek themed lounge had been mostly dismantled.  It is now a strange mix of "display" and "disturbing" as a few of the electronic gizmos are still active in the bathroom.  Strange to be washing your hands and realize that there is a computer monitor behind the mirror.  As the code scrolled by, I realized that it might not be so sad that the displays had been removed.  The hotel has a stop on the monorail system.  I was not able to make use of this, and was sad not to see more people taking advantage.  It is another item on my list of things to try.  I found (as I often do) that the service was what will stay with me as I think back on my visit.  Because I was lucky enough to be with a friend who is a regular, I received service that was above and beyond.  (It might also have been partly influenced by the box of manapua I delivered to the front desk.  Always travel with goodies.  Always!) I know my friend well, and know that the service had to have started off well, as she would never have made this hotel a "home away from home" without this being the case.  Again, I look forward to my return visit, and expect that even without my friend by my side I will receive stellar service.LVH has plenty of life left, it simply needs to make it through the difficult transition from one brand to another.  I'm hoping that my next visit will be even better.
1	This hotel definitely changed, from Las Vegas Hilton to Las Vegas Hotel and Casino. The rooms are very plain and dull. When I came here in the past before this hotel changed their name, there were extra pillows, extra toiletries...Now you have to ask for everything. Oh and by the way, there was not a hair blow dryer either! =(Once we walked into the room, I noticed that someone must have slept on the bed or something, because the pillows were all messed up. The bed was not centered and I almost fell down sitting on the corner, since it wasn't on the bed frame. The floor had all these spots on it like they didn't wash it thoroughly. The toilet wasn't even flushed! GROSS! The vent had dust bunnies and it just dirty. The shower head was small and the water pressure is horrible! I had to wash my hair longer than I had to. The television signal was unbearable. I didn't even want to watch anything because all you could see is static and it just was not up to pare. The casino is a bit small and the decorations aren't very attractive. I find it really random...Alien design and then a regular looking casino??? Weird. Due to my experience here, I am sad that Hilton got taken over by this company. The experience here was not great, and I would not recommend coming here. P.S. The only good thing about this place is the promotion. You get about $100 in savings for the different restaurants and spa center located here. Also, two free buffets for breakfast, lunch, dinner or brunch. The promotion value could be $110 for players and $130 for non-players. If you "Go Green," you also get $10 for spending for food and beverages in the hotel. In addition, the sports book here is very good! So many televisions and comfortable seats!
4	I had booked through hotwire, and after reading horrible reviews of this place, I was scared.  I knew from yelp to say yes and pay the $20 extra bucks a night for a room upgrade.  The room was nice and big, had a king bed, couch, desk, alarm clock, a big round bathtub, and a great view of the strip.  We stayed in room 138 on the 12th floor, right next to an elevator (which i had read was going to be torture because of the noise), but i barely heard a thing.  The walls are pretty thin, we could hear our neighbor's music, but we just kept the TV on and it was fine.  Downside there is no coffee pot in the room.  We didnt use internet since it wasnt free, and we didn't eat in any of the restaurants.  The bathroom was clean, overall we had a great stay.
2	Being a frequent business traveler I attend a few trade shows a year in Vegas and have been to this property many times. Especially since it is pretty much connected and right next door to the convention center it's hard to avoid. From it's days as the original Las Vegas Hilton to it's current incarnation as the LVH there is still not much for me here to really embellish on or recommend. It's one of the most boring casino properties in Vegas.When I was here a few weeks ago I did notice some things in the casino area and bar areas had been redecorated, with a bunch of new digital slots machines on the floor, but it still has an empty drab feel to it. They used to house the Star Trek Experience here and had a space age casino designed and dedicated to it, but that is long gone and yet the shell of the casino still remains. It looks kind of weird and unfinished. The regular main casino floor is large enough with a good amount of table games along with a decently sized sports book, but there is no buzz here at all. It's like this place is still stuck in the 80's and the new regime here has it stuck in neutral. The times I have stayed here overnight were no big shakes either. The rooms are big enough but kind of plain. Clean but nothing to write home about. Along those lines the restaurants here are a total snoozefest. Benihana is their "high end" eatery - haha! Along with a lame Asian place and an even blander buffet it seems the best option to eat is their Paradise diner/cafe. Don't even ask about the almost non-existant nightlife here. The one big plus is that the monorail is close by to jump on and head to the strip with it's multitude of casino's and entertainment options.It seems that the LVH is around mainly for convention travelers with it's convenience next to the convention center, and is normally the home base for many of the attendees and exhibitors. Still, why stay here when there are so many options along the strip in the same price point and a state of the art monorail system that can easily bring you back and forth within minutes?
2	I will not be returning to this hotel anytime soon. Stayed for one night, we received a great rate thanks to a friend but, disappointed with the service they gave us. We called to ask for a roll away and they charged us $30 extra, we forgot something in our car(parked valet) they wouldn't bring the car up front for us. We had to go down go to the valet station and wait for them to bring the car around. We asked for extra towels which, took close to an hour and they only brought us one regular size towel and a small towel. The bed was comfortable. The room has a flat screen, no iPod dock (we brought our own just in case),  the bathroom had one sink and I noticed there was no blow dyer. I didn't even bother calling and asking for one that would probably be another 1 hour, my hair would be dry by then. Maybe no resort fees means no customer service.I would suggest staying here if you really want to save money.
2	I suppose if you're old and are looking for a place to stay and shop, this wouldn't be a terrible choice. Though I'm not old and always falling asleep OR looking to go shopping. It's far enough off the main strip that it's inconvenient to walk to. There is the monorail, but you gotta pony up some cash for that, and wait for the next one if you don't catch it in time.The rooms themselves are fine, though the AC is loud as all hell. I never actually slept up there, just showered in the room we had between going out on the town (beacuse it's too loud, and because, who sleeps in Vegas?). We did some gambling downstairs, which has a nice enough casino floor. But no poker room (this is what dropped my review from 3 to 2 stars), which is annoying. So if you wanna play craps or slots or blackjack or the fake hold em they have at those little tables, you could do that. The food inside is all retardedly expensive and you might as well go down the street and find a taco bell. The building itself is huge, theres something like 30 floors and the rooms arent arranged perfectly square, theres Y intersections in the hallways and crazy stuff like that and you will for sure get lost while looking for your room, especially if you're drunk before noon (hey, they give free drinks at those craps tables, don't judge). If I was older, and coming in for the week or something, I might consider staying here. Or if there was 10 people willing to pitch in 15 bucks each for a place where they could shower, get dressed or black out for a bit each night (like we did, but with 3 people, everyone else was in PH, which was smart of them), I would consider the LVH. But, you might as well just get everyone to donate 25 bucks, and get something at the Venetian.
2	This hotel has seen its better days. Its not surprising that this place is owned by the bank and is currently searching for a buyer. We attended a convention and stayed 4 nights here and everyday it seemed like something went wrong. The entire hotel staff were consistently rude. The elevators throughout the hotel were not operating correctly which caused us to wait in a 35 minute line to use the only working one in the hotel. They tried to be sneaky during check-in and give us a lower level room than what we reserved. We didn't notice this until we were inside our room and unloading our luggage. The upgraded room was supposed to come with a refrigerator and coffee pot. This room had neither. We called to verify this and we were told that the hotel was overbooked and my account would have been credited during checkout. We demanded the room in which we PAID FOR IN ADVANCE. They couldn't accommodate those requests but did move us to an upgraded room that was a different bed type than the one we reserved. If you are coming for a convention during the weekend, I highly suggest you plan ahead. We pulled up to the hotel and waited an hour in the Valet line. Once that was complete, we waited another hour in the check-in line.Remember, you get what you pay for.... Cheap rates = crappy rooms & service
3	Friendly service, dated rooms but it's well worth it for the price paid.  The adjoining rooms are a big plus when traveling with kids
1	ugggggggggggggggggghhhhh... I will never visit this place again!!!!1- You are on the complete opposite side of the strip2- they are still charging a crazy amount per night3- The rooms are old, and make me want to sleep in my car.The hotel is very old. I did not have the best experience there. I had to call room servicer to have them change my sheets. They were not clean. I dont recomend this place at all.But on a bright side i will give the buffett a 5 stars. I keep telling myself tht if i go back to Vegas i will visti their buffett. You pay I believe $15 or $16 per person all you can eat. But they have a pasta buffett where they will cook you chicken, shrimp, with any kind of pasta i personally loved it this must of been the best thing about the entire trip. The buffett highly recomended. To stay, defenitley find else where.
2	This weekend was my first time in Vegas- came with a friend here on business, so his company covered the room. He was working at the conference center, hence the hotel choice. He drove in from LA and was much later than my flight, and the hotel was nice enough to be able to transfer the prepaid room into my name so that I could check in. We were on the 24th floor with resort club privileges- not sure what to compare this to, because the room was pretty generic. We got a letter listing our resort level benefits, including lounge access on our floor to have a light breakfast, snacks, and wine/cheese social in the evenings, which was a nice touch. Also included free fitness center access, which I'd researched upon arriving and balked about the $20/day access fee- which is insane considering what is actually available. It's essentially a room of weight machines, some treadmills, and three outdated ellipticals. I was surprised. Used it for what I needed and left, but nothing there was worth even half of that access fee for the weekend, let alone the day. Room came with printer-- but I am still waiting, an hour and a half later, for someone to bring me the cord to actually USE it. Housekeeping says they're still looking for it and to go to the business center instead. Will do, but not thrilled about it. Also, my partner was a little annoyed not to get the slippers/robe listed among our amenities. I'm not a casino fan, so I didn't evaluate that, but the giant sports screen at the Superbook was pretty cool. Didn't want to do the buffet, so went to Paradise Cafe instead on my first night alone. Date and I did the sushi bar inside of Bennihana's the following night.  Having access to the monorail was a plus.All in all, aside from the printer cable situation and fitness center access fees, it was fine. But just fine. Expectations were a little higher.
1	I've never been to the hotel, but I'm a vendor that sells them merchandise for the gift shop and I am really disgusted at the lack of payment for open invoices.  These guys are a casino and they are refusing to pay $678 invoice that was due back in February.  SHAME ON YOU LVH, shame on you.Don't give these people your business.
4	Elvis fan here!  I stupidly missed seeing the statue they had here but I did want to stop by to be in the hotel where Elvis performed quite often.  I did find the lobby of the show room and peeked thru the slits in between the doors to see the event space, the lined seats and stage but I didn't get to see much. But it was all kind of surreal to think of his many, many fans standing in line, climbing the stairs, buying merchandise all full of excitement.I toured as much of the hotel as I could. I had time to kill. I bypassed the fast food station that you immediately see as you enter from the parking garage. The Wedding Chapel is then to your left and there is one room and a bridal room available. Event Planning research for me! They have special packages and you can also get married outside near a gazebo. Not the gazebo in between the hotel and the parking garage that you just came from. I confirmed that.I then found myself at the entry way to the many ballrooms and convention center. The doors were unlocked and the place was dark and deserted. I made my way in and the amount of available space was plentiful. In one room that I walked thru, I couldn't even see the corner in the darkness. That's how large it was and how small I felt. Each room and every few 100 feet hung a great chandalier. To think of many conventions, weddings, special events and seminars occupy this space often. I did double takes at the pay phones on the walls and the many bathrooms that were available. So much stuff!Eventually, I was done doing event planning research and taking photos of empty space and found myself playing Deuces Wild on a machine. I was waiting for the most senior cocktail waitress I've ever seen to ask if I needed anything. As she asked other people around me at other stations, she avoided me. Thanks, Lady. Thanks for nothing. I was really craving a spicy, virgin bloody mary. She deprived me. But I was doing well at the machine and cashed out with more money than I put in. Take that, LVH! All I wanted was a spicy virgin bloody mary!
4	Great deal.We were in Vegas for a yearly event and organizers scored a great deal with this hotel, yes great deal. The hotel itself is nice and the service is good and friendly.We get to the room and I didn't know what to expect. I was surprised. The room was big, clean well lit and a nice view to the pool. I definitely needed to check the bathroom, and it was super clean and nice. No complaints at all.My room wasn't too far from the elevator and I did not hear a thing. Maybe because by the time I got to the hotel the best part of the night was gone and drunk, who knows I had a great time and no problems with my stay at this hotelLVH, great deal
3	I booked a sweet deal on hotels.com and stayed here for 8 nights for around $430 bucks. Not too shabby.My room was on the east tower on the sixth floor. It was pretty close to the elevators which was a little loud, but my ear plugs blocked out the noise. The non-smoking room was nice and suprising large. I liked that the sink and toilet area were separate. The bathroom was a little outdated, but clean, always a plus. I didn't enjoy the bed though, you could feel every spring in your back. Plus the pillows looked fluffy, but as soon as you layed on them they fell flat like a piece of paper. I had a nice view of the strip, but for some reason the LVH never had their sign lit up? Maybe the light bill is too expensive! :)As far as the casino goes, pretty standard. The cigarette smoke was not over powering and gaming areas were clean. I enjoyed the sports book area the most. Nice, comfy seating and very attentive waitresses. The pool area was meh. The pool is not large at all, but was somewhat relaxing because it is not crowded at all. They also played a nice variety of music as well. The guy who walked around offering massages and sun tan lotion was CREEPY! I don't want those hands anywhere near me!As many have already said, this spot is pretty far from the popping properties of the strip, but the monorail will get you there in minimal time. On weekends it also runs till 3AM. Get the players card! They offer some sweet deals with it.Overall I would stay here again. My only complaint is that they advertise "no resort fee" yet they charge $13.99 a day PER device for Internet??!!! WTF!
2	2nd time here. First time good. 2nd not so much. I recommend NOT letting them put you in the EAST or CENTRAL Towers! They are the OLD towers. I stayed on the 6th floor of the Central Tower and as soon as you step off the elevator there is a stale smell in the air. Super old bathroom, rust on wall and by tub fixtures, this sheets and cover on bed..not cool! Got this on the New Player promo: $140 for two nights what did I really expect right? UgggThe firs part of my 2nd stay was in the North Tower! Nice! Upgraded room, renovated bathrooms, PLUSH bed with clean pillows, free slippers and robe free printer in room and access to the "lounge" that has complimentary beverages, hot and cold, fruit, snacks, WATER: bottled, wine and beer from 6am to 8pm! ($155/night)POOL: Basic not an IT spot to be when in Vegas. A little loud with the kiddies. Major gripe for some: closes at 8pm!Major plus: Has a rail station at the front of hotel! Hop right on and ride!Paradise Cafe: decent breakfast is best. Crab cakes overrated. Make sure to Go Green if you can and get the $10 vouvher for FOOD!Buffet: OK. Wine is the best thing going there. Cake, salmon and chicken all DRY! Sides pretty good over all. Noodle 88: Basic.Benihana: always delish!Regis Salon Review: DO NOT GO HERE! I went last week for a mani/pedi what they wanted to charge was insane! I ended up getting a polish change for my hands and feet as I had recently had a mani/pedi at home. I was looking for a relaxing experience being in town for a convention. I sat and got my toes done first....the WORST paint job ever! The lady's name I can't remember: middle aged, white with a slight accent and short hair. I constantly had to ask her to use the brush and clean up here and there my toes were a mess! I could have done a better job with my left hand (I am a rightie)! Obviously, I said NO to the polish change on my hands, promptly hopped up, paid:reluctantly, and kept it moving! PLEASE don't go there. A polish change was bad, I can only imagine a hair cut/color.
1	This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. My room was dirty. There was soap with hairs stuck to it and a dirty wash cloth in the bathroom. The floor was obviously not vacuumed because there were pennies and gun wrappers on the in front of the couch and under the coffee table. This makes one wonder if they even changed the sheets! Also, the curtain rod was broken off and laying behind the desk and both TV remote batteries were dead.I called house keeping twice to have someone come clean it.  Apparently "Terry" never conveyed the message because they never came.  A maintenance man did come fix the batteries--I had called the front desk for that.The next day I went to the front desk and told them what happened. When I returned to my room later that day, someone had come---and neatly placed the dirty hairy soap that was left behind by the previous tenant on a new wash cloth and and it on the tub ledge. ??? Room service wasn't any better. I called and asked if there was any organic products on the menu--the woman rudely replied "Like what, what do you mean, what do you want to eat?" I said "My preference would be anything organic...anything at all." She  just started reading the entire menu to me.  The front desk staff was nice enough, but ineffective. The maintenance man was nice and fixed the remote problem.The concierge was nice and helpful. Both room service and house keeping were horrible and possibly unsanitary.
3	Kind of tough to figure out how I want to score this place but I think I'll go with a 3 star. We came to Vegas back in April to see Madness at the House of Blues and the LVH seemed to offer the cheapest price for a place that was a reasonably rated casino/hotel on the strip. I was told it's pretty far north but didn't really think much of it though once there I realized exactly what that means. It is a bit out of the way for sure.Parking here is ample and we didn't have any problems whatsoever. Check-in was simple as I had already booked and paid for my room in advance from getaroom.com. The line moved quick and the clerk was friendly. Upon arriving in our room we were greeted with a crap-load of bass and music that I believe was coming from the pool area below. Seemed annoying but whatever. We then noticed how ridiculously loud the elevators were despite us being two rooms over from them. The room was clean and we had plenty of towels, soaps and all that jazz so no complaints.  We noticed bottles of water which I believe were in the $4-$8 which seemed ridiculous but hey, it's a hotel. The hotel has an option to opt out of room service which I did as I hate being bothered but I ran into a maid in the hall and asked for an extra soap --she was friendly and asked if we needed anything else but we were good.I had heard that we could take a monorail to elsewhere on the strip and that's another reason we booked this place. After reading up on the monorail it didn't seem like it was worth it so we decided to stick to driving ourselves or taking a cab. My gambling experience left plenty to be desired. I realize that in the end the house wins but I like to be strung along for a bit so I can pretend otherwise. It seemed like everything I played was just one continuous loss. It also didn't help that the drink-comping girls didn't come around as often as other casinos. I have a hard time buying drinks when I'm dropping money and should be getting some for free.There are some gift shops and a sundries place. We bought a monkey pillow for the kid at one and morning chocolate milk for me at the other. Neither place seemed to be ridiculously overpriced.Checkout was almost too easy. I was actually nervous about maybe getting some phantom charge or something but it never happened. I think we either checked out through some thing on the TV or through the phone but it was the most fast and painless check-out ever.Really, this place served as little more than a base for us and place to catch some zzz's.  With the ample free parking, the lack of a resort fee and decent rooms I'd say it's worth the 3 stars when compared to other places in LV. I would come back again.
2	Room is OK - no frills and EVERYTHING costs extra.  Even wifi ($14/day).  What year is this?  They've got their fingers in your pockets 24 hours a day.  I feel dirty.  I guess this is the "new" Vegas - not for me.
1	Just an update this hotel is no longer a Hilton and I'm guessing I know why LOL. I have been back to a Hilton do to the impeccable treatment given to us after they read this review and tat stay was much nicer
3	Nothing exciting but not bad either, afterall we were there just to get some sleep, not to party so who cares.The room was clean and the price was good.It was showing its age but like I said we just wanted a clean place to shower and sleep, it fit the bill.
1	Bad bad service, when we checked in the girl at check in desk gave us a room that had people in it.  We went back down and told her and she said well leg me see if I can find you another room. So we get the key for another room after 45 minutes. As went towards the room we see the cleaning lady starting to clean our room. This 4 pm!  We waited 20 minutes for our room while she clean it. Then last night the room next door alarm clock start to ring non stop  at 4 am. We called security and after 45 minutes and numerous phone calls they send a person to open the adjacent room door and shut off the alarm.   When we checked out we asked to speak to manager. Rudy, one of hotel managers, came and listened to our complaint and said sorry I can't do anything about that, rudely. I know that I will never stay there ever again.
2	I spent eight nights in the Las Vegas Hotel for business.  Because of how the reservations worked out, I was in one room in the North Tower for four nights and one room in the Central Tower for four nights.  Those were totally different worlds.IN GENERAL:The front desk area was nice, but there was almost always a wait for check-in, key pick-up, etc.  The front desk staff varied from nice to end-of-my-shift-grumpy.  They have a "Go Green" program, which I thought was kinda cool.  If you don't want your room cleaned, press the "Go Green" button on your phone and they'll slide a $10 hotel voucher under your door in the morning.  Score!  You can also check out from your room phone, which saved us some time.  Worst Paper Products Ever.  I know hotels aren't going to buy lovely Cottonelle and Puffs Plus for their rooms, but I'm not sure which was worse: the medium-grade sand paper tissues or the toilet paper that disintegrated on contact.  I never smelled cigarette smoke in the rooms, but every one of us got stuffed up noses the minute we walked in our rooms all week.  Something about the ventilation in the hotel is not right.  Also, there was a daily fee for WiFi access.  Boo hiss.  NORTH TOWER:I apparently got an upgraded room, which came with an extra sitting area.  There was a fridge, a nice tv, a couch, a couple of chairs, and a coffee table.  A colleague got a non-upgraded room across the hall, which was identical without the extra sitting area.  The room was super clean.  Everything looked pretty new, the carpet was in great condition, and the tile in the entryway and bathroom was gleaming.  Bathroom had a full-sized hair dryer and a garden tub.  Bed was super comfy, as part of the upgrade is an upgraded pillow-top mattress.  Other than the ventilation playing havoc with my sinuses, this was a great room.CENTRAL TOWER:Obviously built before the North Tower, this wing has seen better days long ago.  The bedding seemed clean and the bed was comfy enough, but the room had a general "ick" feel to it.  The carpet was very worn and stained.  There were a couple of used tissues on the floor behind the bathroom trash can.  The shower head was broken and flopped down, so I had to crouch and duck under it to wash.  No fridge.  It just felt old, outdated, and worn out.  It was like being in a totally different hotel.I'd stay in the North Tower again if it were a good deal.  I wouldn't go back to the Central Tower.
2	very depressing! I guess Hilton dumped it for good reason.
1	Horrible experience the room was dirty when I arrived and all the systems were down so check in was a hassle. I would have asked for an entire refund but the manager at front desk was getting hassled by everyone for assistance and I had to wait in a long line again! no thanks. They offered me free buffet vouchers but all i wanted to do is sleep I had  been on the road for hours. I explained I was tired and wanted to get to my room that I paid for through Expedia and if not within 20 minutes of arrival I was going to call them to get a refund. So overall bad service at front desk because they are understaffed and there are hardly any taxis out side. Room looked dirty with hair in the tub beds looked sloppy closet sloppy it looked like they didn't clean the room. They upgraded me to a suite because of the delay and the suite wasn't even clean gross! I am only giving one star because of the price but I overpaid after all because the gym is not free its additional 15$ a day wow Id like to had known that before hand I could of stayed somewhere better. Save your $$ on this one its rundown dirty and they have the nerve to charge extra for a gym.
1	This was my 4th time staying at this hotel for a convention next door and I will never go back!  The last 3 years I have been downgraded from the Grand Room to a crappy room and all they offer me is a smoking room when I have complained.  I don't know why they take reservations they are unable to fulfill.This year the lady at the front desk double talked me and said we have been upgraded from the Grand room to a resort club room for an extra $10 per night.  When we got up to the room, it turned out to be another crappy room.  I immediately called down to the front desk to complain but was told they sold out of Grand rooms.  They considered me upgraded because my room was supposed to have robes, slippers & a free bottle of water, NONE of which was in our room.  I was told to call housekeeping about getting those items sent up.  We were also given gold keys to another room on another floor, which apparently had food and drinks but only open limited hours so we never did have a chance to see that.  So, thats what they considered an "upgrade" and tried to charge me more for.  I ended up calling the manager the next day and they took $30 off but to me it wasn't worth it at all.  The room was supposedly updated but it looked the same as it did the last 4 years, broken lighted mirror and not vacuumed.   Bottom line is I will never go back!
3	Got booked in the LVH by Hotwire at $60 a night, so for what it was, it's wasn't a bad deal.  Surprised by all the negative reviews.  I've stayed at better places, but the LVH isn't that bad either.  It definitely beats a Marriot.  Anyways, I'm at the Central Tower and the room is big.  Flat screen, furniture and bathroom was up to normal hotels standards.  Everything was clean also.  I'm good with Monorail.  I didn't mind it being off the strip.  The ride was quick and accessible.  It was pretty convent for me.  Just be wary that Monorail is going through repairs so service ends at midnight, except on Friday & Saturday night. (the entire process will be over after July.)Only a few complaints and a words of warning.Wireless internet.  be CAREFUL when opening your browser and paying for wireless service.  Make sure you use LVH Cox. or the wired connection cord in the room.   I made the misfortune of just paying and assuming it was the internet service of the LVH.  Instead it was some bad provider from Vancouver with crappy signalI read one Yelp member  complain about the ATM charging $5.99 in the Casino.  Go OUTSIDE to the Monorail and use their ATM.  They only charge $3.00 per withdrawal.Other than those two factors, my stay at the LVH has been pleasant so far.
3	This is a monorail stop, and since they offer freeplay, we decided to spend some time in the casino.  It's very clean compared to others, and we had a very attentive waitress who brought us lots of drinks.  Great way to spend an hour or two.
1	Horrible service they don't take their jobs seriously everyone needs to be fired or retrained including the maids. Sloppy rooms that are not cleaned properly and bad customer service be aggressive about your complaints or they will just give you a free buffet voucher and a sorry.  Screw this property and go somewhere clean and customer friendly.
1	I booked this hotel on Hotwire for 1 night. It was about 1/3 of the cost of staying on the strip on a Saturday night and we were only going to be in the hotel for about 9 hours so I figured, why not? This hotel is in need of some serious updates. There was water dripping from the ceiling in the hallway leading to our elevator. The area was roped off with a garbage can in the middle to catch the water but it was still dripping on people as you walked by. The room was ok, bed was comfortable. We went down early to spend a little time at the pool before checkout. Not crowded like most pools on the strip, so that was nice. We went back to our room shortly before checkout so I could take a quick shower before checking out. I opened the shower curtain to find a puddle of black sludge on the floor of the shower. Needless to say, I decided against showering in it. When I told the front desk about it at checkout, she had a bit of an attitude that I was complaining because I didn't call anyone to tell them 1st. I tried explaining to her that there wasn't really time for that, as I had to check out. She gave me a free upgrade for next time, but I don't foresee myself ever staying here again! I can definitely see why they lost their "Hilton" affiliation!!
3	I found a deal on hotels.com so we stayed here.We had an enjoyable stay. I was able to get an early check in so we can get situated. We stayed in the Central tower close to the elevator. I laugh because that thing in the middle (you'll see when you stay here) always gets me lost. hahahaRoom - I always looked at a hotel room as a place where you just freshen up and rest. The room was clean. Bathroom was clean. Beds were comfortable. It was good in my book.The casino was wide open. I personally don't like places too crowded so this was cool. They have the updated slot machines and all the standard table games. Sportsbook is huge! Wish they had a poker room. Maybe next time.I remember they used to have the Star Trek Experience here. It's long gone now but they transformed that area to a futuristic type casino wing which is cool.They had a club, Oasis, in that new area. I like hip-hop music and they were playing some pretty good music. Need to check that out next time.You get for what you pay for so in my book, this was a great deal.
4	First of all let me say that while I am giving the LVH 4 stars, this is NOT a 4-star hotel. It is a 3 star hotel, maybe 3 1/2 tops, but I am giving them 4 stars for a few reasons.You probably already know this by now, but the LVH is the Las Vegas Hilton (convention center) rebranded. The slogan is "Same Fame, New Name." The slogan should be "New Name, Same Everything Else." Literally nothing has changed in the 6 months since they changed the name. If you were blind folded when you walked into the hotel and didn't see the sign outside, when you took the blind fold off inside you would never know that you weren't in the Hilton. That's not necessarily a bad thing, just a fact.They didn't remodel the rooms at all, but the Hilton rooms were fine. Good sized, clean enough, average bed. The only issue I have ever had with the Hilton/LVH's rooms is that they are almost all adjoining rooms. I don't like that as adjoining rooms are noisier but when I ask for a non-adjoining room I am told that the only non-adjoining rooms are by the elevators and you get extra elevator sounds. That is pretty sad. So just hope you don't get someone with kids in the adjoining room.Now the things I really like about the LVH, I almost always get discounted rooms there. I am a gambler and as a result get good prices. Last trip I paid $40 a night on the weekend! Try finding that deal anywhere else in Vegas. Additionally, they give you a "green" option where you can turn down maid service and as a thank you they give you $10 a day food vouchers for any restaurant/buffet. As a result, for me at least, the LVH is a damned good deal and I can save my money for other things like the slot machines.The LVH also gets brownie points for being one of the few hotels in Vegas where it doesn't take you 30 minutes to walk from your car to your room or to the casino. Most casinos make you walk through all their restaurants and stores to get to the casino. Not the LVH. Especially if you park in the back by the sports book. You are literally right there! Also, because it's not on the strip, traffic around the hotel isn't the zoo that it is at a lot of places. It's very easy to get in and out of the hotel.As for the casino, it has a good mix of slot machines with most, but unfortunately not all, of the newest games. They also have a good selection of table games but sadly no poker room. The sports book is nice and large with every betting option you can imagine. They also have a special smoke free area where you can hang out and watch a game.The pool area is nice. It's not on par with any of the bigger hotels, but again, it costs a lot less so if you really want the trendy kick ass pool party feel free to go somewhere else and pay three times as much.Oh yeah, the LVH has a monorail station too, making it easy to get to the strip without driving.If you are a first time visitor to Vegas I would suggest paying more and staying on the strip to get the full Vegas experience. If you are a Vegas regular the LVH is a great affordable option where you can save some money and have a stress free stay, but still be able to go do everything you want to do.
5	This is a true Las Vegas Icon. I love all the FREE events they have at the Casino. Like "Cool By The Pool","Club Oasis", And  "Old School By The Pool" on the weekends. I also have to thank the front desk for the huge room with an awesome view of the Vegas Strip! I will definitely be back soon.
2	Listen, I don't enjoy writing bad reviews, but this place really earns it. This is not a happy place. You feel like you have really hit the dirty end of Vegas when you come here. My company made me stay here while working a trade show. While I can't speak to the price, it made me realize my company doesn't care much for me or my comfort. I stayed in the Central Tower, which I think is the reason for my negative experience. I hear the North Tower has been renovated and is decent. Cons; the hotel rooms (at least the ones not renovated) are gross, the bathrooms are filthy, you only get two small towels, the sink was brokenPros; it is attached to the monorail, there are several semi decent restaurants, there is a good gift shop (albeit expensive)
3	I stay at the LVH 3 times a year and just love my visit. Im treated like a VIP and enjoy the dinning at TJs Steak House the food is fabulous. I do wish they would add more slots because that what i love to play. I must say i did have one bad encounter last year on the new years eve stay with the bell desk, my new friend who was also staying at the then HILTON left her coat in my car so i returned the coat to the bell desk even though i was staying at the PALMS i had already check out of the HILTON and it was about 2 am i was vary tired so was not in any mood for poor service and yes this employee at the dest had a horrible attitude needless to say he drop the ball and my friend never had the coat deliverd to her room befor they checked out. this typ of service is just not acceptable. So the lesson is DO'NT LEAVE ANYTHING BEHIDE  you more than likely will not get back. And in all the years i have stayed at this hotel this was the worse thing that happend because of one employee who did'nt care enough to do a good job.
3	Lodged here plenty of times when it was a Hilton property as part of the Honors program - Good times = Great memories.Booked on a whim to spend a weekend with the fellas minus the old ladies 'cause we got a deal too good to pass up. Turns out it was subpar visit. Aside from the busted A/C to the crowded cloudy-watered swimming pool, the staff was nice and friendly so that earns the 1st Star. Buffet was above average for the cost & selection - 2nd StarI'm giving them a 3rd Star because if it wasn't so boring and dull here, we would probably have spent less time venturing out around town and finding the trouble we were looking for in the first place. Overall the LVH feels more accomodating as a family place, just not the type of atmoshphere I'd prefer to be around in the City of Sin.
1	This place is a disgusting filthy remnant of its former self. The place stunk (literally). My room was seriously outdated and had a stain that had seeped in and a splatter stain on the carpet (I couldn't tell if it was Jaegermeister or blood). The casino has fewer offerings and table games open than any Native American reservation casino I have ever visited. The nightlife is....well, what nightlife can there be when no one is around to hear the live band or mingle in the club.? Terrible experience all the way around. Please implode this place and build something nice.
4	OK Folks so the Casino aspect of it sucks its like a black hole.  But the rooms for the price you pay you just cant beat stayed here for about a week. Here is the trick STAY IN THE NORTH TOWER! TIP THE FRONT DESK 20 DOLLARS AND ASK FOR AN UPGRADE. we had a giant room that had been updated recently with, flat screen TV. reading sofa, a nice desk, and a three person couch and still there was plenty of space. WE STAYED ON THE SIXTH FLOOR IN ROOM 6135.
2	LVH is by far the most boring hotel I have been to in Las Vegas.  I stayed here this past weekend, and found that there is hardly anything to eat, see, or do at this hotel.  The rooms are decent, but I could not find many reasons to hang around at this place after leaving my room.  Thankfully there is a monorail that runs through the hotel that goes to the main strip.  Otherwise, I probably would have been miserable for most of my stay.
4	Im very impressed with this place!!! We were a little unsure when we booked it because the price was so cheap. When we got to the hotel they offered to upgrade our room for free & also gave us a suite which usually goes for $249 a night!!!! Im not sure if we just got lucky but we paid only $30 a night on a room thats usually $249!!! The room was huge, clean and the bath tub was huge!! Unfortunately we didnt get a view of the strip but we got a peaceful view of a golf course and mountains. Overall, i was really impressed with the hotel & the hospitality. The restaurants in the hotel however is very expensive & not really worth it. The buffet was probably the only one we kept going back too.Best hotel in Las Vegas for this price range!!!!
3	It's tough to compare an off the strip Vegas hotel when you have some pretty amazing places on the strip.  But for the money, this place is actually in pretty decent condition.  The rooms were nice enough and the condition of the casino is much better than some of the older spots on the strip.  The pool is nothing fantastic, but again, it's not that bad.  And their cabanas are some of the cheaper ones around at $125-150 before 2pm and then they drop to half price.  They come with 20 non-alchoholic beverages in the fridge, a TV, and a safe so you can lock up your stuff and hit the pool.  It did take quite a while for a server to find our cabana, but other than that it was a good experience.  They don't have a ton in the way of food options, and you're off the strip in a not fantastic location, so you have to drive/cab/monorail your way to just about everywhere.  Since they have a monorail stop right there, it's sort of convenient, but at $12 a day, it can get pricey for larger groups.  I'd say stay here if you don't have a ton of money to spend and you don't want some run down discount hotel.  Others seem to have had worse experiences than I did, but I found it to be a good discount option for Vegas.
4	After reading some of the reviews here, I'm wondering if I stayed in the same hotel.  Stayed here one night, 7/15, got an incredible price ($18!), fantastic room on the 26th floor, and couldn't have been more pleased.  As a local you get 25% off the food automatically, only one I consumed was the Sunday dinner buffet, and it was really good.  Gambling doesn't interest me, and I didn't come here to dine, but as far as a place to stay, it was an incredible deal.  Room was clean, nice, great view. loved the built in table along the length of the window (I even saw my laptops smile).Great bargain, no resort fees, good base to take off from...
3	Great value off strip, especially for people that are familiar with Vegas. If you want that Vegas experience, spend more money and stay on the strip.Pros:-Nice rooms with different room types at a really good price. Hotel is in good shape because it used to be a Hilton-Around the corner from the strip saves you on traffic drama but still close enough to everything if you have a car. If no car, there is a monorail station- North parking lot is conveniently located by elevators to rooms, just a short walk versus other hotels that make you walk through entire casino-biggest sports book ever -wide open casino so you don't feel claustrophobic -buffet is better than expected Cons-none. Again, if you want the Vegas experience, don't stay here - actually, dining options are limited to some wanna be high end spots like a steak house and a Benihana and one or two other spots. Food court is very limited as well if you want some budget food options.Tip- classic room is the entry level type of room and it has flat screen TV and that is the best part about it after the cheap cost-if you want a better bed, bathroom and updated furnishings etc, you could spend about. $20 more for the next room type in the North Tower or more $ for various room options
3	Oh Las Vegas Hotel, you saved our butts from getting an expensive hotel on our unplanned trip! We found this hotel on Vegas.com. Rates weren't bad for two nights. My boyfriend and I got it for $130 for two nights. Seriously, that's not a bad price. That was already including tax. The lady even comped our room. =] Though the hotel was kind of whatever, there is a monorail right downstairs of the hotel. That was a plus! Who the hell wants to drive around Vegas without enjoying their drink on? Not I, nor my boyfriend! We want to enjoy our trip without worrying about who needs to drive and who needs to be sober enough. We were so happy that there was a monorail which takes us to the strip and also makes a few stop at selected casinos.You will find out the prices for the monorail in my Las Vegas monorail review. Do not expect much from this casino. It's enough to just ktfo and one safe trip to the strip and back to the hotel.
4	We have stayed at this hotel twice now and had good experiences both times. Expedia set us up for less that $30.00 a night. Every other service including the hotel direct was $50.00 or more a night.  We got great rooms both times. 11th floor with pool view first time and 17th floor with golf course view and part of the city.  Pool has a happy hour run by a live disk jockey  where you get 2 for one drinks from 4p.m. to 8p.m. and lots of prizes. Large Shrimp cocktails for $2.00 each.  We won tickets to the Rich Little show and we told them we were not going to be there on the date we won so they told us to pick  any date and any show. We went to the Elvis show  that night and it was the best!  We also had dinner at their Noodle Restaurant  located over by their Benihana's and were not disappointed!  Best service I have ever had.
1	Very upset to stay the LVH!! The front desk really mess up my trip from 07/20 - 07/22! Had the travel agent request the adjoining rooms and the baby crib when I checked in, and my hard copy had showed the request. However, when I arrived there at 12pm... I got two rooms separated in different levels, one was 8; another one was 27, and I needed to request again for the baby crib. When I asked how would it be, the guy (front desk) said "ask your travel agent, I don't know" and when I asked if he was able to arrange the rooms at least on the same level... he said nothing was available, and the crib would be put on the system! After 3 hours waiting the crib, I called to the guest service and see where the crib was, the nice lady said there no request showed on the system, and she would like to follow it up! Within half hour, finally the crib was in my room!! I don't know how the LVH trained the Front Desk people?? Hope they understand the front desk people is the frist impact to represent the hotel! If the front desk can't solve what the customers need, what the front desk for?? I would rather check in with the computer instead of the useless front desk person!?!?! Will not recommend anyone to go there!!
1	This weekend, my husband and I were invited to a wedding in Las Vegas.  Initially, I thought, " We can stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club and check out the pricing to purchase". Well, we ended up at the LVH because the wedding party was there and it would be easier to change or run to our room if necessary.  Upon check-in we were told that our room, which was paid for in advance, was sold out.  We were told that we could not get the discount associated with the wedding party and that we couldn't have a refund.  Ohhh, but then came the GOOD news!!! We could have an upgrade to a "better" room.  However, we could not use the complimentary robes, complimentary water or the Concierge Lounge on the floor.   We could just use the bed and the "regular stuff".  Hmmmm, so I am no rocket scientist, but did we just get a segregated upgrade.  In other words, you can use the room, but not anything associated with it???  Really.  Tacky and insulting.  I have been a member of  HHonors for years.  Hilton has always been a very safe and classy choice for travel.  We have stayed at MANY Hilton Hotels and have never been so disgusted and insulted.My biggest gripe is that we could have purchased the concierge room online at a cheaper rate( additional $20.00).  So, I guess the reservation agent assumed we could not afford to pay the additional $40.00 associated with their free upgrade ( by the way, she never even offered us the new rate, she just assumed we would not pay).   I would have left and stayed elsewhere if we were not pressed for time.  This Hilton is a disgrace.  The management should be ashamed and Hilton really needs to re-asses this property to bring it up to the standards associated with other Hilton Hotels worldwide.
5	I'm torn on the exact star rating.  For just the overall hotel... it would be about 3.5 to 4 stars compared to other hotels in "Vegas."  Away from Vegas, this would be closer to 4.5 to 5.  When you go to Vegas you get so jaded about hotels but then you have to factor in dollar for dollar, what's your value?  I'm sorry, but this hotel, you can get for around $25-$45 a night if you plan right.  Now, compare that to other hotels for the same price.  Driving in, I literally saw the Travelodge, a total hellhole, for "Starting at $39."  Um, a dump for more than I was paying for a very nice hotel with a dose of everything.  You have to know what you're getting... this hotel is a far better price than where it sits on the foodchain.  At the top, you have your;Encore, Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian.Then...Palms, Mandalay, Monte Carlo, Luxor, MGM, etc...Then...NY, NY, Circus Circus, Harrah's, Golden Nugget, etc.And this is right where the LVH would fall in line, right between that group and the following type;Terribles, Palace Stations... Then...Imperial Palace, etc.Now... with that said, look at the prices for the top hotels... and look at a dump like the Imperial Palace.  For the price of a room at the Imperial Palace, which is still probably more expensive, you get a really solid Vegas experience.However, there are some things on which to improve;IMPROVEMENTS#1 - ELEVATORS!!!!  It's ridiculous, the waits.  The reason why is that not all of them are working at one time and they are extremely slow.  Better yet, some elevators, like the one in the Central Tower (floors 1-15), at the far end on the right... it'll literally reset all of the floor numbers on every floor.  Numbers are pressed... then they vanish... you press them again... next floor, gone.  Then someone will get on and punch a lower floor, you go all the way back down and start again.  It's just absolutely the most ridiculously easy thing to fix and, clearly, this is not a priority.  There are literally crowds downstairs waiting, like 30-40 deep, at all hours of the day and night.#2 - The trash by the elevators.  Over the course of the weekend, we noticed the same overflowing trash can for three mornings... where in the hell was housekeeping!?  (Management, it was on the 14th floor.)  And the crazy thing is that when the elevator would go down and open on some floors... different smells would loft in from the various other overflowing trash cans.  People on the elevator noticed it before me but you definitely could smell it.  #3 - Controlling the people.  With a mid-level hotel, you get mid to low level people coming in.  There were kids at a basketball tournament, dribbling the balls in the lobby on the nice floor... nobody said a word to them but it just ruins the overall vibe... like, if they did that at the Bellagio, they'd be dragged outta there.  I really see and like the potential in this hotel... how awesome would it be if they could tidy up those details and still offer these amazing rates?  But dollar for dollar, you're not gonna find this much to do or this nice of a hotel anywhere near these rates.  It's easily worth $100 week nights, $150 weekends... so when I got a room for $25 a night and $45 on the weekend nights, it's a steal.  Regardless, they need to get those elevators going because that's what everyone will remember... people were livid.I'm giving it five stars because I always look at the 'wow' factor per dollar, and it's a no-brainer.  It's not perfect here but it's far more value per dollar than basically anywhere in town.
3	We got this hotel as a deal off LivingSocial. The hotel price is fare but there are honestly better places to stay for the same price. The BADs:Farther from the strip than expected. A fair drive compared to having a room right on the strip and about a twenty minute walk to get anywhere near the good stuff!The rooms are mediocre. Good for the price but some things just said they tried to cut corners here and there. Nothing that actually matters for instance the hair dryers and the thermostat, but I have payed less for better. Even on the Strip.Service isn't very friendly at all and aren't accommodating in any way. Not the front desk, not the small stores in there, nothing. Not enough staff to care for everyone that stays there.The place is a little crowded. They have a lot of rooms that can fit a lot of people but everyone is funneled into the main area/elevators and you feel like your fighting off kids/people as if you were at a carnival that came to a town for the first time in 10 years. The GOODs:Valet Parking: I don't even know where their parking garage was so this was nice:]Nice view depending on your room.The monorail goes RIGHT by so your in luck if you don't want to worry about driving.They have nice restaurants as well as a Pizza Hut and some nicer small stores but the spa and pool area aren't much to be desired.NO RESORT FEE!!!!! That's definitely a bonus when looking for a stay around the Strip.OVERALL: This is a great place to stay unless you are picky and come to expect certain things from a hotel. You can find more convenient places to stay and I would suggest The Tuscany Inn:] Two blocks away from the crazyness of the strip and a VERY low price for way better rooms than the LVH.
3	Cheap, clean, decent quality rooms and amenities.  Has a pool, although it's a bit small and often crowded.Farther from the strip than it looks.  It's definitely necessary to take a cab or the monorail depending on where you're going/coming from, unless you want a long, hot, uninteresting walk.  None of the restaurants looked particularly appetizing.
1	This place is horrible!!!!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We made a pre-paid reservation for 4 rooms a couple of weekends ago. We were beyond shock when 3 out of the 4 rooms where still very dirty when we checked in at 10PM! Yes 10PM, meaning they had several hours of extra time to clean the room! And I mean, junk all over the floor, bed unmade, etc. It looked like someone had a party in the 3 rooms. At that point, we were already a bit upset but managed to keep our cool.But then when we went to front desk to complain about the situation, we were greeted with extreme rudeness by the so-called lady supervisor. All she said was there's only ONE housekeeper available at this time and she's not sure what time she can start to clean. What kind of hotel would only have one housekeeper available?!!! When asked if there was another room that they can just move us to, she answered "we are fully booked today. so NO! If you want, I can give you your money back if you dont want to wait!". WOW!! No apology or whatever.. Just plain rudeness! So went and talked to the manager who of course said that he's never had any complaints about the supervisor who was rude to us. Of course he protected his coworker and just said the same thing to us. At this point, we didnt even want to argue anymore as it was late and we were tired.  This hotel has no customer service  whatsoever!!!!We left and took our refund. We will never go back there ever!!!!!!!!STAY AWAYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Just a quick update.  It has been brought to my attention that LVH-Formally known as the Las Vegas Hilton, is no longer a Hilton.  The deceptive wording "Formally" leads one to believe there was a name change and not a change of ownership.  Nevertheless, all of the policies are the same, the lounge or Concierge level is still the same and the expectation was still the same.  I feel EVEN MORE violated because they intentionally represented themselves as a Hilton.  WHAT A RIP!!Thanks for the knowledge.  Knowledge is POWER!!!
2	**BAR REVIEW ONLY**Minh and I met up with our friends who live in LV and we decided on coming here after dinner for some drinks. I cannot remember what the bar name was but it was a nice loungy type place. It had swag appeal and some pretty good prices on drinks. *Warning* this bar is limited so do not request any fancy drinks. Ashley and I ordered Sour apple martinis and the boys had beer. The lounge area was nice and dark, the music was okay. But all that mattered was us drinking and having fun! Drinks are semi stiff, and the bartender was a nice guy too! LVH hotel is not the type of place you would catch us hanging around at! Honestly, I really do not like the people who are here! On our way out there were a couple of guys (who were older) walking out and clearly, you could tell guy #2 had just a little too much to drink because he his friend was holding him up and trying to get him to walking straight. Well drunk guy by accident bumped into this chick who was walking past him with her friends, his buddy said "sorry he's been drinking" but that didn't stop her, she took off her sandals and went after him (think Jerry Springer style) yelling at him and trying to step to him. Holy poop it got real hood up in the LVH, any buzz Minh and I had was pretty much gone after that!If you want some semi good drinks at Happy Hour prices and a good show to go along with it later, then I suggest you make a bee line to this gem of a spot!
2	Priceline has recently updated this hotel to four stars. Are they serious?!I don't know what their criteria is for rating hotels, but I suspect they just wanted to have a second 4-star rated hotel listed for the convention center area. How could they possibly rate this Motel-6-like motel with the 4-star Renaissance hotel a couple of blocks away?I suppose this hotel merits 2 stars on it's own, and you only spent $30 a night for it. However, if one bases one's rating on Priceline calling it a 4-star hotel, it only deserves a single star. Although I had already prepaid for this hotel, and couldn't get a refund, I reserved a room elsewhere as soon as I saw the room. I never even stayed the night. Very disappointing - and it made my trip that much more expensive, since I ended up paying for two separate hotels.
3	Rooms at LVH are inexpensive, additional amenities are very much the opposite (wireless is thirteen dollars a day, a single quart of Crystal Geyser is four), rooms are clean and pleasant, et cetera, you can read about that stuff in any of these reviews. More important than any of that is the sheer amount of nipple slippage going on outside. If you are lucky enough to have a room facing the pool, park yourself in front of a giant picture window 'round happy hour and check out the free boob show*. Three stars!*or maybe show a little restraint and don't act like a huge creep/me. Whatever floats your boat.
1	Do not stay here!!!Filthy!Overpriced!Had two hookers smoking the reefer and doin the do in the room next to us. So, it was difficult to get any sleep. We told management and they said there was nothing they could do about the smell of pot.Last I checked, it waa illegal. But, hey, it is Vegas.
3	Cheap pricing, decent rooms.Paradise Cafe has decent food.Beds are comfortable, recommend Player Card for GamblingA little far from strip.
1	Place was dirty. The soap and shampoo in the bathroom was used, the bed looked like they had just remade it without changing the sheets, and there was a roller bed from the last occupants in the middle of the room. When we called to get the roller bed out nobody came, called again and still nothing. After 45 minutes of waiting I had to just move it myself out to the hall. The furniture looked old and beat up, and there's not even a mini-fridge. Glad we only stayed one night here. Spent the rest of our trip at the MGM Signature, that hotel is awesome. Skip the LVH.
3	Booked this place on expedia for $27/night.  Great deal.  The decor of the rooms are a bit dated, but the rooms are clean and comfortable.  Not sure about the slots, but the tables downstairs wiped us out pretty quick.  That's never fun.  I would stay here again for a reasonable price ($69/night or less).  My only complaint is that the t.v. channels were limited and there are no kids' channels (Nick, Disney, etc.)  My kids were bored, climbing the walls in the room.  My hubby also whined that there were no pay channels.  That didn't bother me.  I don't go to Vegas to watch t.v.
1	Oh yelp, why can't we give a place negative stars?Came here for a work conference- really wished I had booked elsewhere.  First I was given what I assume to be a classic room- next to the elevator bank.  The check lady informed me it was somehow the only non-smoking room left (in the middle of 100+ degree August?!) but that I could check back the following day to be switched.  The room smelled like smoke despite being a non- smoking room and I couldn't sleep with the racket the creaky elevators gave off all night.  The final straw came when I realized after taking a shower the next morning that the room didn't even have a hair dryer.  Got moved to another room- away from the elevator and yay, with a hair dryer!  Unfortunately, somehow didn't have hot water so I ended up taking an icy cold shower and needing to turn on the heat while it was 100+ degrees outside.Room quality was not great on top of everything else.  Place feels old and run down- carpet is the type you don't want to walk barefoot on.  I hit up Expedia during the conference to see if I could find a cheap room in another hotel to switch to and found out LVH rooms were going for as low as $35!!  More than my org was paying for me but I would put the room value around that much.  You can't win being this far away from the strip but this place isn't even trying.  I'm not including reviews on the restaurants because it wouldn't improve anyone's desire to stay here.  For the price you are better off at least trying to find a place on the strip.  They do have the monorail but who wants to have to ride the monorail?I will give LVH props for giving $10 in free slots if you opt to go green.  I'm not much of a gambler but went for it and came out $300 ahead.
4	First hotel I ever stayed in Vegas (when it was the largest Hilton in the world). 3 of us split two adjoining rooms. I know some of the rooms are still out dated, but we had two updated rooms facing the mountains. I think the hotel it self is really only a 3 star Yelp rating, but I push it up to 4 for a factor of respect. Elvis used to play here...it was one of the first hotels of the new strip...the monorail runs into the hotel! The casino looks a little outdated. There is a Benihana Japanese Steakhouse (overrated) onsite and their swimming pool which isnt bad either. Pros: *No Resort Fees*Away from the hussle and bussle of the strip...but on the monorail route to get you back in there when you're ready for more.*Clean*CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP RatesCons:*If you want to be on the strip you're a few minutes away*Not a ton to do in the hotel
4	LVH is getting an upgrade from me!I wound up getting a room at The LVH the other night.  I'm not going to lie, I wasn't expecting much.Well, I'm here to tell you I'm a believer in The LVH!  The room we stayed in was recently remodeled and very large and comfortable.  We had a standard room, but upgraded to the premium (as opposed to the classic). Here are the pros and cons of The LVH premium rooms and of the casino in general:Pros:-Very spacious rooms, recently remodeled-Flat screen TV with plenty of channels-Comfortable bed-Well-lit bathroom, large shower, vanity mirror, and real hairdryer -Room and bathroom were spotless-Friendly employees at check-in, easy to check-in-Lots of deals to the restaurants for staying at the casino-No ridiculous resort fee like every other casino in Vegas charges their customers-It has a Vegas Monorail station-Very close to Convention CenterCons:-Furniture a little worn-Bathroom could be a little bigger-Radio needs replaced with an iPod docking station-Could hear the neighbors at 3 in the morning drunkenly talking about their exploits in Vegas-Shower was cold at night (but was fine in the morning)-Getting to the parking lot is a hike-Check-in and check-out can get heavily backed up-Casino is far from everything else in Vegas-Casino is seriously lacking restaurant choices and interesting bars/lounges to spend the eveningBasically it comes down to this: Are you ok with driving or riding the monorail to visit the rest of Vegas and to get dinner?  If you are, you will save a ton of money staying here without sacrificing a comfortable place to stay.  We really enjoyed our room and on the Thursday night we were there we paid only $40.  $40 after tax!  The hotels on The Strip were going to cost at least $80 a night after resort fees and taxes, and that was for the Excalibur and Luxor which have older rooms than The LVH.  If you are more concerned about convenience and don't want to worry about getting in a car to find dinner, then I would think about staying somewhere on The Strip.  If you would only be taking a cab to get around, you're going to lose a lot of the money you are saving on a room, so - again - I would think about staying somewhere else.I really hope The LVH gets some new bars and restaurants soon to make their casino more of a destination that people would want to stay at.  Until then, I just have to take it for what it is: a nice hotel with an ok casino that's far from the real action in Vegas.Four stars based off of quality of room and price I paid.  Still sticking with my two previous stars based off the casino alone.
1	Let me say upfront: I have stayed at this property for 5 years now while it was still Hilton branded. It was always ok if I needed to stay away from the strip and my Vegas trip was not exclusively for entertainment.I checked in there yesterday and the place is a complete dump now that Hilton dropped their franchise in January. Maybe it is because of this.The service right now it is rock bottom, particulary of one of the front desk staff (Jennifer) that has been introduced to me as duty manager (who did not even have a business card). I reserved a room with a king bed and the front desk clerk offered a room with two double beds. Or another room right next to the elevator. Both rooms are in the central tower. The worst of them all.I used to get good treatment here as Hilton Diamond. Not even talking about the benefits that are zilch for me now after re-branding but I would say that as a repeat customer with over 10 stays you might get a slightly better welcome than this.I ended up just using the room as a storage and staying at the Renaissance nearby which is a very nice and modern hotel next to the convention center.It has been nice here but time to move on. Avoid the LVH at all costs. You just don't know what you're going to get once you arrive.CheersS.
4	I would say this hotel is a solid 3.5 stars! I was a bit nervous after reading some of the reviews but it is definitely NOT as bad as people make it out to be. I wouldn't dare compare it to Bellagio, Palazzo, Wynn...or any of those top notch hotels but in comparison to Riviera, Flamingo, Imperial, and those type of establishments...LVH holds up for sure! I've lodged in some of the best and worst hotels in Vegas and I would stay at LVH again solely on the quality that is given for the price. My bf and I paid $40/night (Thursday-Sunday). Can't find that bargain at Imperial which is such a trashy hotel. The rooms at LVH are big, clean, and the beds are very comfortable. The North Tower has all remodeled rooms but of course they are more expensive. The hotel itself is not exciting but the Oasis club was poppin' on Friday night. They do have a HUGE sports book, the casino is not that big, and the buffet is a good deal. Checking in was flawless and they were friendly, I never waited more than 30 seconds for the elevators, the parking structure is very close to the hotel. There are tennis courts and the pool is cool. Happy hour every day at the pool from 4p-8p, dj spins, 2 for 1 drinks, and $2 shrimp cocktails...I had a blast lounging at the pool all day. Best feature would have to be the monorail...it's INSIDE the hotel next to the Oasis club and is very convenient for getting to the strip. LVH doesn't have much excitement within walking distance so it's cool to ride the monorail. Single ride is $5 or there are unlimited usage passes to buy. Who goes to Vegas to stay in the room all day anyway?...LIVE IT UP!!!Tip: GO GREEN (opt-out of housekeeping) every day and the hotel gives you $5 for food or $10 for slot play each say you opt-out. Pretty cool...I don't need housekeeping just fresh towels and emptied trash. As a first-timer maybe a strip hotel would be better but as a repeat offender...I mean visitor ;) ...LVH is a good deal! Give 'em a try!
3	Shannell, I think you mistook the word formerly for formally. While they look very similar, they have two different meanings. When they say they are formerly the Hilton, that means they are no longer the Hilton. They used to be, but they aren't anymore. If they said they were formally the Hilton, it wouldn't make much sense, but it would mean that it was still the Hilton. But everything I've seen when booking says it's FORMERLY the Hilton so that would lead me to believe you just read it wrong or misunderstood the word. Use this knowledge to gain more power.As for the hotel, no complaints. Nothing fancy other than Benihana but I had done that before so no big deal. Staff was nice, pool was ok but not like a Vegas ultra pool. Overall I'd stay here again but party elsewhere.
3	Not a Hilton experience.  No wonder why they changed their name.Pros: Quick response from room service when requesting additional towels/luggage rack Friendly security when asked for directionsDecent room pricing Quality room service Pulled friend out of check in line to VIP check in when the general line became too longCons:30 minutes in line to check inLoose door ring on bathroom door (they sent someone up but he did nothing)Loose faucet in bathroomNo coffee makerConfusing self parking signs leads to outside and farther lot rather than structureLack of signs to ballrooms and other areas of the hotel, poor structure.Paper thin toilet paperConclusion: Expect no more than a 3 star experience.  Only stay if the price is right, not paying HIlton prices, because you're not getting the Hilton quality. Tip: monorail is connected to hotel and is $12/day or $28 for three days.  I recommend this service if staying three days and plan on visiting the strip. We used it several times to clubs and even just to get lunch at KGB Burgers.
1	In the past i stayed in the Hilton several times so i thought the name change would not make much of a difference but was i wrong.  We arrived on a 110 degree day and waited 30 minutes to have our baggage brought up.  It appeared they had only 2 hamndlers on duty so  this was not right.  Upon entering our room i was greeted by a wet mop which i put out in the hallway.  I noticed there was a light out in the bathroom and the tub had a drip that would not stop.  Considering i had paid for an upgraded room id hate to think what a standard room would be like?  All their retaurants were high priced and really werent worth it.  In conclusion i will NEVER stay here again even if they gave me a rioom for FREE!
2	Not a good experience at all. I used to stay here when it was the Hilton and I was expecting Hilton quality. Now that it's under new ownership, I'm very disappointed.It started when we were checking in. I've never seen a line that long to check in before. Took about 30 minutes. When we finally got up to the counter, the receptionist claimed they couldn't find my reservation. Although I made the reservation through a Bloomspot deal, it should have been booked. She said she found it for a future date, which would have been impossible since I was simply checking rates for that date, not reserving. It was only after 20 minutes of back and forth and showing her my confirmation e-mail from Bloomspot and my receipt that they indeed took the money for the reservation via my Paypal account that they suddenly "found it", and I only owed the tax.We stayed on the 7th floor of the North Tower. There are 4 elevators but I swear only 2 are functional. The floor is supposed to be non-smoking but there was a heavy smell of smoke coming from the hallway. We passed by a room service cart outside of a room, where dirty plates and a condom wrapper were waiting for a housekeeper to wheel it away. That was at 5pm. That same cart was outside the room at 11pm, sans condom wrapper....o....k....We got in our room, which was okay. The sheets were clean and so was the bathroom. The toilet had issues, where if someone in the next room over was showering, you couldn't flush until they were finished. We heard when everyone washed their hands, showered, or tinkled in our neighboring rooms, the plumbing was that loud. The water pressure for the sink and shower sucked also.Our TV may have been flat screen, but the quality was poor and we constantly had issues with it.About an hour after we checked in, our phone rang. It was Security, stating a previous guest may have left her glasses in one of the cabinet. After checking every nook and cranny in the room, we let him know that the glasses were nowhere to be found.The following morning, while my husband and I were sleeping in, our phone rang. It was another Security person, stating the exact same thing, and half-heartedly added "sorry if I woke you". I informed him that one of his colleagues already called, and, again, there were no glasses in the room.House keeping stayed on our floor for what seemed like all day. Since we stayed in the room most of the day, we heard/saw them. The room directly across from us was being "cleaned" from 4pm to 7pm. I heard a lot more chatter than cleaning.That night, around 2am, thankfully my husband and I were still awake. Someone knocked on our door. We knew we couldn't have been loud because we were only watching TV. After my husband asked who was at the door, it was someone saying they were bringing us towels. WE DIDN'T ORDER ANY TOWELS, AND CERTAINLY NOT AT 2AM. When my husband told the guy this, he said he looked thoroughly confused, but finally walked away.Checkout time, finally. Let's get out of here. Express checkout? You bet. Let's blow this Popsicle stand. Oh, what's that? Sir, you've been waiting for the elevator for 15 mins? 3 other elevators came in the span of another 15 minutes (not even exaggerating), which were all full. We got fed up and walked to the Central tower elevators, which came immediately and only had 2 people on it. Unbelievable.I wish I would have read the Foursquare tips saying how much of a dump this place was (seriously, dump was in every single tip except 1) before I was already standing in that long line. Sure, they gave me a free bottle of Chardonnay and $10 free slot play, but it just was too little too late. Never again.
4	Formerly the Las Vegas Hilton, the Las Vegas Hotel is a great place to stay. Although it is a ways away from the main strip, it is located at a stop on the tram and offers a variety of restaurants, clubs, etc. my husband and I even booked our wedding through the Chapel here. Highly recommend. I knocked it down a star because I think I got lost every time I tried to go back to my room. It can get confusing in the towers!
4	I admit I was a little leery of booking at this hotel based on some of the reviews I have read online, many said that since the hotel is no longer a Hilton hotel it has gone downhill fast. But I decided to give it a shot anyway because they had a great rates for Labor Day weekend. When we arrived, parking in the garage had me a little concerned, I didn't see a security presence at all and it seemed a bit sketchy, but ultimately my car was fine when we left. The the staff wasn't super friendly during check in (not surprising during labor day weekend) and much of the clientele looked shady, but the room was great! Very large room, very very very comfortable bed, I wanted to take that bed home with me. I was really impressed by the room, the decor was nice - may be left overs from the Hilton days? My only complaint is the room smelled a little musty, almost like it used to be a smoking room but it wasn't that bad that it overshadowed or was uncomfortable. I also loved the access to the monorail, it was super convenient since the hotel is on the northeast side of the Strip, it made getting to the other hotels so much cheaper and faster than taking cabs. We didn't spend much time in the casino so no real comments there but I would definitely stay here again.If you are looking for an inexpensive stay in Vegas, I would definitely recommend LVH.
3	I have some good things and some bad things to say about this hotel.Granted when we came it was a Friday afternoon. We were a little leery about the valet line. It was long and there weren't any indicating signs where to go or if any attendant would come to you. So, we did as what everyone else was doing. We got out of the car, got our luggage, left the key in the ignition and walked into the casino. Everything was fine.When we got into the casino we saw there was a long wait to be checked in. We got in line and it went pretty fast. When we got to the head of the line we were pulled into the V.I.P room where we checked in and upgraded our room. Everyone was very friendly and very helpful. Our room was nice and very clean.The only thing we were truly disappointed about was #1. The pool. It was very dirty and some of the clientele was wishy -washy. My fiance and I were really looking forward to spending the day at the pool, but decided against it. #2. The clientele. For every 5 women there was a ratio of 3 prostitutes. Plus their pimps. Which we weren't too keen on. We found ourselves wishing we would have booked elsewhere, but we couldn't because we were there for a wedding. One of the good things about this place is they give you a very nice wedding. The chapel was very nice and the reception was fun! We enjoyed ourselves.It is a big IF, if I ever do go to vegas I would probably steer clear of the LVH and find myself going to a more upscale hotel and casino.
1	OMG.. this is the worst hotel I ever stayed in.  It's noisy and guest smoke drugs in the hotel.  No one cares.  A manager on dutie by the name of Van Nguyen., was the worst ever.  After talking with him about concern matters he called his self helping by putting me in a upgrade which was worst.  It had extremely old furniture, with no light bulbs, bath tub was broken, hinges of tv stand.  The room had a smell of roach spray. Valet parking is very unorganized.  And Bellman delivered a basket that was sent 1 day prior because they said it wasn't there and it was.  Never again.  They never fixed the problem., poor poor poor poor customer service.  No wonder they are in financial failure.  Never again. This would be the last place I would stay.
1	I had a bad experience in LVH.I booked the Lanai room, but I was given a central tower room, which is actually much cheaper than what I bought. I asked the manager to exchange the room for me, but the manager unfriendly refused to, insisting that it it was Lanai room, just not all Lainai room has stairs, and not all Lanai room looked the same. There is not stairs, not fence dividing the bedroom and the parlor. There is not either pool view or golf court view outside the patio either. The manager told me that there is not view because we are on the 3rd floor, but the room did face the pool and golf court. What' that reason? but why would you advertise on your website saying that there will be either pool view or golf view?? The whole experience in LVH I felt cheated.The room has bad smell.We stayed for night, and there was not one coming for room clean after the first night. I did make sure we didn't put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door before we left.
3	The LVH hotel is a reasonably priced hotel, somewhat removed from the main strip of casinos.Our room was nice, and the service was pretty friendly.As with most Las Vegas hotels, the moderate cost of the room is countered by overpriced services and restaurants within the hotel. For instance, Wifi costs $14 per day.The only real issue that we had with the hotel was that they misinformed us about the hours of their pool. Telling us that it was open from 8am-9am, when in fact it opened an hour later at 9am. Not a big deal, but it was annoying to get up early for one last dip before a late morning plane flight, show up in hour bathing suits and sunblock, only to be turned away with no explanation.Over all, I would recommend staying here for the nice rooms at a moderate price.
1	AC didn't work in our room and room smelled like sewage. Pool was good, steak restaurant was good. Won't stay there again.
3	Pros: The LVH is located on the monorail. This is our preferred method of travel when we visit, so that is good. Get the three day pass and use it often!The pool was large and the waitstaff at the pool bar were friendly. There are remnants from the Star Trek Experience on the first level, so if you are a nerd, that's cool. The Sunday brunch buffet was a decent value. $19.99 per person including champagne. The room was clean when we arrived, and all appliances/amenities worked well. It was a good deal overall. Its hard to complain when the room is so inexpensive. Cons: The Comedy After Dark Show was terrible. We weren't seated until after 10:45pm for the 10pm show, and the first two comics were "meh", and the host was loud and not funny. The headliner was much better, but I was exhausted by the time he came out. The check-in line was long when we arrived on a Friday morning at 11am. Wifi for $14 a day is ridiculous. The bar staff located directly outside of the Tempo Lounge (the bar with video poker machines built in) were rude and completely ignored me for 5 minutes before I walked away in search of a drink elsewhere. Housekeeping did not clean our room on the second day. We left around noon, and were gone until 8pm - they had plenty of time to drop off new shampoo & make the bed.
3	I stayed here in August of 2012 and was pleasantly surprised. I had read some terrible reviews and being the picky traveler that I am I was highly concerned. We arrived late at night to a very long check in line but it moved fairly quickly. They had no trouble locating our reservation and they were very pleasant in stating that they can't guarantee the number of beds, when I asked to confirm that our room was indeed a 2 bedded room. They did not have this in the room type we had reserved so she offered us an upgrade at no extra cost, she stated it was next to the elevator. It turns out it was across from the elevator, so I rather enjoyed that location. They were replacing the ice machine on our floor so I had to search for one and finally ended up locating one on the floor below us. It would have been helpful to have had a sign posted telling us where to go for ice while they were working. Although the LVH is not on the strip, it is just a couple blocks away and I fell in love with valet parking in Las Vegas. All the hotels we went to had complimentary valet. It is expected that you tip the gentleman doing all that work, but what is a few dollars for door to door service. Plus we never had to wait for our vehicle when picking it up, with the exception of the MGM Grand, they just seemed so expansive that they could not keep up with the amount of overheated guest. We did run into a few times where the LVH valet was full. I would have thought that they would have reserved some spaces for there own guest returning after a long day. That seemingly small detail would have probably bumped up my view another star. Especially since this happened more than once and self parking was a nightmare to navigate and secure a space. The pool was a bit over chlorinated for my liking but they provided more than a sufficient amount of lounge chairs. Also, we went during the happy hour so there was a DJ and 2 for 1 drinks. Bonus!Overall, the room was clean, the staff was mostly pleasant and above all it was affordable! You truly do get what you pay for and this historic hotel lived up to the 3 star rating I expected based on the price we were paying for it.
3	The ex-Hilton is pretty cool. Parking lot is very confusing, but once you figure it out, you'll never forget.I miss the Star Trek experience... that was fun.  It should come back.  But the place where it's at is a bumpin' night club in the evenings. This is also the entrance to the monorail, which is massively important in saving money and time.Rooms were clean, had no problems with it.  The line to check in early Friday afternoon was LONG.  I was surprised.The buffet is amazing!!!  Absolutely loved it.  They even serve beer and mimosas!We saw the stand up comedy show while there... it was ok. Not terrible, but not LMAO type laughing.The bad part... the place is poorly ventilated.  It smells moldy down in the casino area, along with your standard Vegas smoke smell.  The other hotels didn't smell like that.  I had major issues with my allergies, and that was even with taking allergy medicine.  As soon as I walked outside, I was fine.When I went home from Vegas... both me and hubs came down with colds... I can't help but wonder if it's from the ventilation?
2	This hotel has definitely seen better days. It took about 45 minutes to check in on a Friday afternoon. We were set up in the Central Tower on the 18th floor. Sometimes the elevators will randomly stop on a floor with people in it. Even though we were set up in a non smoking room you could still smell that good old stale cigarette smell that becomes the only thing you can smell while staying here. The carpet was visibly stained which was an immediate turnoff. We tried to activate the in room safe by calling the automated number provided (which stated that the safe would be activated in less than 3 minutes) and after 30 minutes we called the front desk to inquire when it would be active and they told us that "we are really busy but I will try to get somebody up as soon as I can." After about an hour we gave up on the safe and went out. The water pressure in the shower is a joke no matter what time of day you decide to shower. OK, so there are some of the CONS. Now the PROS. Their sports-book is huge and is set up very well for football viewing parties. They do not hold back on the drinks when you are gambling for which this is especially true in the sports-book, where we spent most of our time. They don't require drink coupons like most "strip" casinos require to get the free drinks. They are connected to the monorail which can save you some money if you wanted to travel to the other strip hotels. Their slot machines seem to give you some good play on your money so I didn't have too much to complain about there. They have a decent point system for their players and when you sign up you get $10 in free slot play plus if you provide an email address you get an additional $5. I played a few hours over the two days and received about $40 on top. This vacation was purchased on the cheap admittedly so that is the reason for the second star. However, I expected a little better for a Vegas hotel that has 3 1/2 stars. It is old and run down and it is very apparent they haven't put any money back into the property. There are Vegas hotels that are 20 years old or more (like MGM) but they are constantly upgrading them. I also read that this property is in the middle of foreclosure...makes sense. It is no wonder that Hilton took their name off of the property. This was probably the place to be....back when 80's opulence was still in style.
1	I have stayed at some of the worlds humblest accommodations - Motel 6, random hostels, seedy hotels with names like "Hotel", and this was probably the worst hotel experience I have ever had.  There was no "Do Not Disturb" sign provided, so while we were sleeping in late, the maid was trying to bum rush the door like a SWAT team trying to penetrate a sleeper cell.  We made a simple request for a wine cork from room service, and 1hour 15 minutes and two phone calls later were still waiting as we left for the strip for the evening.  We never got that damn wine cork.  Compared to the horribleness of the service, the amorphous brown stains on the bed headboard were actually sort of quaint and somewhat art nouveau.  The fact that they brag that they do not charge the "resort fee" other places do, but then charge 14 dollars per day per device for internet (usually included in resort fees) was actually business genius.  I would give this place zero or negative stars if I wasn't so impressed at how they conned me into staying here for 2 nights.  Bravo LVH!
1	OLD hotel. carpet in room looks dirty and is sticky. hole near the bottom of the wall in bathroom where you can see the pipes. Bed is old, i don't think they ever changed it since the hotel opened, very uncomfortable. no mistaking that you are staying ina  old hotel once you enter the room.Front desk was not friendly, when ask for any compensation for the the guest because that fire alarm went off at 12:40am and did not stop for 40 mins, he said no, it happens all the time, if we give compensation to eveyone everytime that happens we would be in trouble! By the way, they charge internet per machine, per day. so if you have a laptop and a ipad you want to use, you have to pay twice.I can see why Hilton took away the franchise! Never going to stay there again.
4	The LVH what was the HILTON, yes the Hotle is old and needs work but nothing beats the VIP service when i arrived on a friday and there were lots of people standing in line to check in maybe a 100 or so i went to the VIP room got my room in minutes and the people were still in line. The Hotel needs to add more slots not remove more for dancing this is one bad decision. There was a day i would never leave the hotle and play all day for days at a time, but now i go to the monorail and go to other casinos and i do enjoy this new experience now. I had a great time went to the MMA match had front row seats took lots of pic's met some very nice people. The next night i went to the Rich Little show my VIP comp got me front row seats again and just loved the show Rich Little the master of voices he had me rolling in the aisles a must see cant wait to go back and see this show agian. I met Steve Rossi and told him how much i enjoyed the show im hoping to see this show at The LA MIRADA  THEATRE . I critique musical's, movie's, fine dinning, hotel's and event's so im always networking. I went to my favorit Steak House TJ'S  and had a great dinner, porterhouse, salad and dessert just fabulous i talked to Iralee ( manager ) and Cheryl two wounderful ladie's. The parking is the best thing at this hotel yes it is full but if one gets a spot its right in back of the hotel im handicapped, The Paradise cafe is great for brunch and so is the buffet. I had the pleasure of meeting Max and Jojo this little dog ( jojo ) will take pic's  with you i just love this little guy. I stayed at 5 casinos this trip and was on a 15 day tour, I freelance on facebook so no pay. But i love what i do.
2	Hilton.....wow. What can I say about you? I didn't think being so far from the strip would be a problem.. I was trapped in your broken down sad small excuse for a hotel for the weekend. the room: broken. No AC, NO drainage in the shower, broken floor tiles, no ice on the floor. Thank you that was fun.When we complained for the 4th time we were finally moved. I guess I shouldn't be too surprised- this is pretty much what I expected crawling into the inside of a hilton. ;)
3	The price was right, $50/nt on a weekend. We got the rooms through Priceline, I wasn't overly thrilled to be off the strip but whatever. We had rooms 941 and 942. The rooms were very big, we opted for the king beds. At check in they asked if we wanted a remodeled room for $20/nt...uh no, otherwise I would've stayed at a nicer hotel, nice try though. If you opt out of housekeeping they give you $5 off any restaurant or $10 in free play...we opted to make our own bed. This is one of the monorail stops so that worked out well, we walked from the hotel to the strip and meandered all the way to the MGM and just took the monorail back...easy peasy.  A cab to Fremont was only $12. Was the hotel all that, no but then again for rates cheaper than a Motel 6 we were extremely satisfied. Not too many late night food options, the Paradise Cafe closes at 1am and the fast food places are also shut down so get the munchies accordingly.
3	First, I  didn't have a room in this hotel., but I have been to the hotel casino 3 times.  The casino is nice and pretty big.  nice selection of video slots.  Great buffet and Benihana restaurant as well.  the pool area looks pretty cool, too.  Best parts... Not too crowded and on the city monorail that runs along the whole strip.Gave it 3 stars also, but this place is way better than the Riviera.  I would really give the LVH 3.5 stars.
3	*just passing through*The only reason I came by LVH is because it has a monorail station located conveniently near the front entrance, and I had to get to the strip from the adjacent hilton grand vacations hotel next door.The reason I am writing this review is to tell you how hilarious I thought it was that I unintentionally and without warning stepped into the most ghetto fabulous hip hop club trying to exit the monorail and the hotel. To get to the monorail, I had to walk through this deserted bar/lounge space, which 4 hours later had turned into a straight up club. The music was awesome - just my style - and there was space on the dance floor so I took my time leaving the premises. However, let me just say this club is definitely for the LOCALS. and young locals at that. I was definitely a cougar to these little boys. Some of the guys were definitely cute (local ladies you're lucky), but I don't do younger guys EVER - I am into older men all the way. The ladies were looking a bit jersey shore with a ton of whored up makeup and just super trashy/skanky outfits...but if that's your type of one night stand, go for it. Luckily, I finally figured out how to exit the club and walked into the practically empty casino. I liked having my selection of slots and it wasn't smoky. Oh, and the employees were all very nice. So I'd go back to gamble in peace cause I don't want to be bothered with crowds and obnoxious people. I'm not a people person so this can be my spot...lol.
4	I've stayed here before when it was the Hilton in one of the upgraded rooms and liked it, so I pounced on the groupon for the suite for a weekend. We got the junior suite, as I was told that the Lanai is more romantic and there is absolutely no romance involved on a trip with 4 dudes(I went with my dad and brothers. We do love each other, but not like that). Not quite what I was expecting. They were basically connecting rooms with one having a smaller bed. Still, the 2 micro fridges worked, the place was very clean and comfortable, and it was pretty nice. One room had bubble jets in the tub. We were on the 30 something floor and had a view of the strip from our rooms. The rest of the property seemed to still be the same. The sports book is still huge and the sports book deli was still delicious. The prices were higher than I wanted to pay at first, but when we got our food, the taste and portion size was very worth it. The chili cheese fries and the cheese steak hit the spot. We didn't try the buffet, so I can't comment on that. Also I liked the convenience of the monorail. I still think this is a good off the strip spot, and I would stay here again.
3	Let's be clear... this is NOT a hilton anymore, and it shows.  you stay here because of the convenience to the convention center... not because it's a cool place.  service is pretty bad.  rooms are nothing special.  i gave them 3 stars because it isn't the worst place i've ever stayed.  bed was comfortable, room service was good, and i won at blackjack ;)  check-in takes forever. seriously. omg.hope you never have to call housekeeping.  the woman who answers rides a broom.  wow.  had to call 4 times, and she was completely grouchy every time. food choices could be better.  the food at the little dessert cafe/coffee place look really good... but they aren't.  old, stale, and tasteless.  i threw mine away.  coffee shop is ok (greasy). benihana is... well.. benihana.  i heard the place is in foreclosure.  let's hope whoever ends up with it next does something with it.  not holding my breath.
1	I will just say this: Friends don't let friends stay at the LVH!
3	Was in town for a trade show and this was the host hotel.  For the price this hotel is great - $75.00 a night (at least that was the trade show rate) while other hotels were a couple hundred a night (depending on who's in town will determine your room rate). Big rooms, a few bars in the lobby - A-OK!  Also, if you sign up for the gambling card (don't know the name) they give you $10.00 credit - and if you select GO GREEN on your phone (meaning they don't clean your room) you get another $10.00 credit to gamble with - that's the rumor on the street anyway!  If your looking for fancy, this is not your place, it's also not a dump.  I heard they are in foreclosure so they may be going through some changes soon.
1	How in the world does this hotel get 3 stars on YELP? One of our aquintances booked us a room here yesterday. I had no idea what to expect. It's not in the best part of town, that's for sure. Everything around it resembled a ghost town.3 things came to mind the first moment I walked into the hotel. OLD, CHEAP and GHETTO!! Don't know how to explain it but there was no positive aura about this place at all. It was ghetto. From the elevators to the carpet, this place looked like it was ready to fall apart. Once, we got into our room, we noticed the faucet leaking loudly! Plus the room was by the elevator so it was very noisy. The room itself was pretty decent sized, but everything looked old, except for the flatscreen tv. I called the front desk to be transferred to another room and told them the situation, the gal said to go to the next room. I told her it was too noisy. She said the hotel was really full(really?). She said to come down to the front desk and they would find me another room.So we dragged all of our luggage back down. The dude that helped me was an idiot. As we specifically told him about the leaking and how they needed to fix it, he kept saying "I'm sure they will fix it." He looked agitated and wouldn't give eye contact. I don't know who trained him, but he doesn't want any responsiblity for the hotel's guests complaints. He should have said, " I'll look into it and make sure that the problem is corrected." Not "I'm sure they'll fix it." Does he even know when the leak started? Yesterday, a week ago, a year ago? Who's gonna fix it? Housekeeping? Roto Rooter? It's because of workers like him this hotel is under forclosure. I asked him for a room away from the elevator. He said they had one room left, as the hotel was really full(really again? sure didn't look like it). As we entered the room , I swore I smelled smoke but the room was non smoking. It was smaller than the first room and I questioned the cleanliness. My wife said the toilet paper in the bathroom was one that was damp, that dried up. Did someone drop it in the toilet or drop it on a wet floor? Is this place so cheap, that housekeeping won't even replace that? Normally, you would expect that if there is problem with a room, the guest's room should be upgraded, not downgraded like us. Long story short, you could not pay me to sleep here again. Avoid this crappy place. I'd much rather sleep at a Motel 6. This place should be called LVM for Las Vegas Motel, not LVH.
2	This hotel is subpar. We paid for a premium room but got robbed. The remote for the TV did not work, no coffee maker and the radio didn't power up... And this is the Premium room? What's the standard room? A tent with an air mattress? I would never stay here again and the pictures are so inconsistent with what's real.
4	Third time staying here and the staff did not disappoint once again. They actually took it up a notch. I was only in for two nights to celebrate my daughters 30th birthday. But the staff at check in managed to upgrade my room two bumps and hooked us up with a suite and compted the second day. The room usually went for 220 a night and I got the room for 130 for two night. Clean, Pool Level, Huge lots of space, slept 8 people not by choice but that's what it did. The Lounge bar tenders really can hook up a drink or two. Stong with some punch! I'll definately be coming back. Keep sending me those deals LVH. Cheers!
4	34$ a night .. what could be better ? - a very neat and non-smoking room with view on the strip,- a pool with specials on drink all day, -10$ rebates on breakfast if you go green (which brings down the price of the room to an awesome 24$ a night). Also, free parking & valet. Oh and the train ferry passing right into the hotel, no need to walk ! We were really really satisfied. the service staff was nice. -1 for no mini bar in the room and for the paid wifi
3	If you want a quieter place off the strip, this is for you. If you want a hotel near other things, pick somewhere else. This hotel mainly serves the convention center. The sportbar is great. Our first room was near the elevators and we could hear them going up and down and were able to switch rooms. Weird to us that there was no blanket on the bed and no alarm clock. Our AC was broken when we checked in, but that was fixed in an hour. It was fine for our one night stay, but I will try a different place in the future.
4	If you want to get away from the strip this is a great place to go as it's more of a locals casino. However due to the many conventions the LVCC has, it can be pretty crowded at times. Keep that in mind when you're booking your rooms.The rooms themselves are great. The are spacious & comfortable. The beds are comfy & it's quiet so alot of the noise you will not hear from the hallway.The LVH honors what the Hilton did previously which will provide a $5 voucher to be used anywhere there is food in the casino for not having your room cleaned. Follow the directions & you could get a free breakfast everyday! The casino itself is smaller than most, but it's not meant to be a party place. It has several eateries such as Pizza Hut, the Sports Bar, and a couple more casual dining places, along w/ a great buffet that offers beer & wine w/ dinner. A large sports book, a wedding chapel, and giftshops. The staff is friendly & happy to help.If you're a local looking for a staycation, ask about their locals deals, they usually have one.
3	Overall, LVH is an OK hotel. Here is a list of the good bad:Good:-Large, comfy rooms-Easy monorail access-Friendly staff-Very close to LV Convention Center-Nice flat-screen TVBad:-Older hotel, not wired for modern lifestyles. Very few outlets in each room, in awkward places.-Wi-Fi costs $15/device/day. That's extremely high even for big city or European hotels.-Very few dining options in the area-Expensive to get to and from airport-Smells like bad smoke and cigars constantly-Horrible shower heads/water pressureNext time I attend a show in Las Vegas, I'll choose a different hotel.
1	If you are a gambler seeking comps, DO NOT STAY OR PLAY AT LVH!!!LVH hosts LIE to their players, promising big comps...and tthen hey don't come through. LVH is a shady establishment running scams. They need to get shut down. It is a matter of time before they file for bankruptcy. In the meantime, they'll do whatever it takes to cheat you out of as much money as possible.LVH is an absolute dump.
3	We have stayed here 4 to 5x when it was the Hilton so we are back here after the name has changed and boy what a different,check in was a brezze on a sat.and the front staff were super friendly,our room was in the central tower on the18th floor over looking the strip was a plus,the room was large with adjoining doors on both sides,when traveling and staying in a a hotel I really only prefer one door in and out  of my room.The carpet dirty(my bad) it was filthy! we decided to stay because of the rate of the room and just walk around the room with socks on, the Ironing board was not padded,furniture was chip and scratch it needed to be up graded,water pressure was very low in the shower,we opt.to having our room clean and went green( we didn't make the bed or empty or trash's) we just wanted the free $10.00,what is the deal in the room crystal geyser water $4.00 a bottle,some advise 7-11 has the same water for less,even .99 store has the same water too for diffrent prices and size,2 for.99,4 for.99,24 $3.25.Basically a deal for a two night stay under $100.00 trying to save money,but saving money is not everyhing if you are not really comfortable.
3	No frills off the strip hotel. usually the cheapest with clean rooms, and still a great sports book. You could do worse
4	LVH is a toss up between a 3 stars and 4 stars. I opted for 4 stars because my experience wasn't just "ah ok" . . . and I believe I can say I am more of a fan than not.We were staying in Las Vegas for a family reunion and all the hotels my family prefers couldn't accommodate the size of my family (5 adults) at a reasonable price. Most hotels wanted to give us 2 rooms for about $100-$130 a night each, not awful but nothing special.We came across a deal at LVH for a hotel suite for $124 a night which came with 3 queen beds, which was outstanding when comparing it to the offers of the other hotels. We booked 2 nights in the suite, however when we got there we opted out of the 2nd night because most of our family was heading back the next day so it would've been pointless for us to stay. They gave us no problems when it came to canceling; we didn't even have to deal with a cancellation fee which is rare.The LVH is off the strip and probably not walking distance to the strip for most people. The overall hotel is quite big in my opinion; they have different towers, stores and structures which makes it feel like any other hotel on the strip. They have slots, tables, electronic poker and a sports bar. Their sports bar is probably one of the nicest I have seen in a long time. They have scoreboards nicely organized with all the bets as well as multiple big screens displaying different games. They also had individual cubicles where you can sit and research different teams and their stats. The RoomOur suite was far from a suite . . . it was two separate hotel rooms connected with a conjoining door in both rooms. One room was a regular King Bedroom and the other was a regular Two Queen Bedroom. Essentially we got two rooms for practically the price of one. Technically, I should have been upset because we didn't get exactly what we were promised. However, I think we ended up with something better. We were able to separate ourselves from my parents as well as have our own bathroom. ComplaintsLike others have said on here the bathroom has a few flaws. Our showerhead was extremely weak and made it extremely hard for me to wash my hair and the drain in the tub was really slow. . . to the point were water wasn't going down in a steady flow. Normally I wouldn't complain about this but my parents noticed the same thing in their rooms.Another issue I had with the LVH was that housekeeping came knocking at our door at 9a.m. I understand that they might want to get a head start on their day but honestly what are the chances the guest are gone at 9a.m. especially in Las Vegas. It might be a smart idea to see who checked-out before entering someones room.Tip They don't have resort fees.They give you $5 off if you "Go Green" by opting out of housekeeping.It's a lot quieter than other hotels but still has the feel of a hotel on the strip.Make sure to run from the toilet when you flush that bad boy is POWERFUL!
3	I was reluctant to book at LVH for the simple fact that I wanted to either be ON the strip or I was debating on staying in the Fremont area.  I ended up choosing LVH because the price was just too good to pass up and it looked very close to the strip, and it is!  I am glad I booked here but had a little higher expectation of the quality of room, after all this was previously a Hilton.  The touches in the room were basic, the TV had about 4 channels, the lamps wouldn't stay on because if you breathed wrong the plug would fall out of the outlet and thats when I noticed that the cleaning staff wasn't very thorough - there were dust bunnies under all the furniture.  At least there was water pressure and the beds were somewhat comfortable, I'd stay again if the prices were the same, it's only a hop, skip and a jump away from the strip and if you're feeling lazy the monorail stops right at the hotel!
3	It's no longer the Las Vegas Hilton but it's pretty much the same.  If you know what to look for you'll notice tons of things that used to be in the hotel and. As initial were just simply removed... I'm not sure if they plan on ever adding anything in its place.  Unfortunately, I believe this classic hotel may be the next to be imploded, if there are no plans of renovating it.
4	I don't get the hate. The rooms are more than decent, the sports book amazing, the spa nice, the price unbeatable for the quality.  I don't think I've ever paid over $45 for this property. If you want a better hotel, pay an extra 20-25 (not including resort fee) and stay at the mirage, or do some heavy research online. When I need a quick place to sleep for an overnight trip, this is my place. I wouldn't go here to impress my wife, but for a cheap trip and a comfy bed it's tough to beat.
2	I was in Vegas in the end of November/beginning of December to run the Rock and Roll Marathon! Running the marathon was amazing but I am here to review the hotel. I was put here by the charity I was running for and I was disapointed, with all the money I raised I was hoping to get something a little bit better. This place is tired!!Everything from the sign to the lobby and rooms simply see outdated and old. Plus there is no poker at the hotel, whats up with that? It's vegas, even motel 6 has poker!Either way I would not stay here again!
4	Descent place to stay!
1	LVH is absolutely the most horrible place I've ever stayed at. I will NEVER stay here again!I have been to Vegas over 20 times, and have stayed at various hotels around the strip, and even stayed at LVH like 10 years ago.However, my latest experience has been horrible:1. Upon checking into the room, the drapes weren't working. I called room service and had the nerve to ask me to upgrade to a newer room, meaning I'd have to pay more.2. Room was old and dirty. Smelled like smoke too, even though I specifically asked for non-smoking room.3. I pressed the "Green" button and spoke to room service to not clean my room. In return I'm supposed to get a voucher for some in-hotel purchases. They never sent the voucher. I called them and they said they had no record. Yeah right! And then, they still didn't give me the voucher! Have to call them again...4. They charge internet access at $13.99 PER device per day??! What a joke! Cmon, what a ripoff!5. Bath tub is DIRTY. 6. Room service, front desk. They all have poor attitude when talking to customers. 7. There are leak marks in the ceiling.8. Hardly any power outlets anywhere in the room. Hard to do any work when power is far away.In summary, this is the absolute WORST place I've ever stayed at in Vegas. It feels run down, and I'm never coming to LVH again!
4	Very good hotel that totally exceeded my expectations.  I was nervous to book at LVH because of the other reviews on yelp. After I read the reviews, I still booked a  premium room.  I know, that is a risk but I did it.  Trying to live my chaotic life on the edge, I became extremely nervous about my choice however, the price was totally awesome and I am not one to pass up a deal.  The front lobby area was very clean and I was greeted by a very nice agent.  He was so nice and funny.  He upgraded my room to a suite as well as gave me deals to various amenities within the hotel.  The suite that I stayed in was totally worth my money.  It was spacious and beautiful.  My husband I were visiting for his birthday. I was so amazed at the service that we received as well as the open suite model that we stayed in.  The only reason that I am not giving the hotel 5 stars is due to their club scene.  The club called Oasis or hoasis is not a place that you want to be if you are a respectable person with dignity and self worth.  The club inside of the hotel is for the ratchet and raggedy crowd.  On a Saturday night, it makes the hotel look like a run down motel.  I was so happy that we left and went to the strip for some fun rather than to stay and take in the hotel hoedown.
1	This crappy hotel refused to refund tickets to a show they sponsored, the Rockin Poppin New Year's Eve show of Phixation.  This "band" lip synced all their music and didn't even fake play their own instruments. The VP of Even Managment said, "tough luck" when we left the show and requested refunds. Don't stay here.
3	Stayed here during Christmas. We found a deal from some vacation website that included a rental car, so I can't comment on the price booking through the hotel.This place is nice and clean, and quiet. Our room was on the 19th floor, which was a little unnerving hearing the wind whip by that high up. The hotel is older, but everyone there was so nice--from the maid to the front desk to the omelette station guy and everyone in between.We stayed in a standard, non-smoking room that did not smell like smoke. The major complaint I have is that the shower head is way too low and would cause someone above average height to have to contort themselves in a dangerous way to perform the simple task of hair-washing, hoping they don't slip and get hurt. I might be speaking from experience.Carpets had stains on them. But even the standard room was spacious! I did a cartwheel just because I had the room. Bed was comfortable.Also didn't like the soap products. The air there is dry enough already, but the hand and body soap made it much worse. You're in the dessert--shouldn't you use moisturizing soap?Another plus to staying off the strip: you don't have to battle all that ridiculous traffic. Just zip down the back road and turn when you get to the Riviera.
2	Where is our towels? We didn't have towels anywhere in the room. The room had some kind of smell. The fan was blowing air out with an odor. This is our second stay here and it was not the same as when they were the hilton.  Internet cost 13.99 a day.  The room rate was cheap, but they will charge higher for other services.
4	I stayed here immediately before Christmas and had a good experience. The staff was extremely helpful at check in and courteous and efficient at all times. My room was good-sized, clean and perfectly functional. The best feature of this place is that is a bit off the Strip so it's not overrun with party animals. Thanks to the monorail station in the hotel, though, the main Strip is easily and safely accessible.If I find myself headed to Las Vegas again, I'll probably stay at the LVH.
1	Non-smoking rooms don't really exist, older facilities and staff...meh. Never again.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE. The day we got here the room had a condom and paper plates. They changed our room and their was a pubic hair on the toilet seat. Also the morning we were leaving we found a bed bug in the room. The staff is not helpful, and extremely rude. You would think for a hotel in Vegas they would have some standards but they clearly do not. The valet also drove my car with the parking break on, which affected my car.And on top of it, we asked housekeeping NOT to come in our room over 3 times, and they still came in our room. They refuse to help you. They do not think its even appropriate to refund your money. But judging on how the hotel is kept, they probably need it. Bed bugs are no joke, so please save yourself the headache and do not stay there.
3	The LVH needs a major update but it's close proximity to the convention center makes it key for CES.  Not having to deal with the shuttle bus a taxi lines to from the strip  balance out the  hotel's age. Restaurants and service have we been fine. Rooms are clean and quiet, just worn.  When they do update their fitness center needs a major update and expansion.
1	Terrible!I don't know how can get some good reviews. Because they're really not good. We had a terrible family trip to stay there. Their A/C are mostly not working, no useful things in the room. And they even charge you extra for the water after you left!Don't go there it will ruin your day...
2	The pros: The price and the location.The cons: The shower head is perfect, if you're under 5'6. If you're over 6' you're going to have to lean to get your hair wet and rinsing is going to take awhile. Also, you can hear every sneeze and fart from your neighbors and anyone walking up the hall. Vegas is rarely quiet and you should expect noise on a weekend, but you shouldn't be able to hear someone clearing their throat.
3	Stayed at this hotel because of the prices that they advertised online. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. I was looking to see a run down, super dirty hotel, with a mean staff but that was not the case. Yes, the hotel is older and could use a few more new touches but other than that it's pretty quiet. You do see the occasional prostitute walking around or not can't tell the difference any more. I had no issues with the cleanliness of the hotel and it's close to the strip, plus you can take the monorail if you don't feel like walking or paying the ridiculous prices for a taxi. They have a dance club at the hotel as well, not great but they do make a mean Long Island so if you just feel like hanging out and people watch it's a cool place to do it. The buffet was good not impressive but you do get your money's worth. It's not on the strip so you don't get charged the resort fee and you get to avoid all the drunk people from the strip. The staff was super nice; arrived at 3 in the morning and they allowed us to check into our rooms without an additional day charge! Great customer service on my visit; based on all the bad reviews it must depend on who you get and what mood they are in. All in all I would stay again if the price was right again.
1	This is my 4th stay here in the past 2 years. Now that it is no longer a Hilton it is a disaster. I will never stay here again. Smoke filled and dirty.
2	1 1/2 stars... I stayed at this hotel about 6 years ago when it was a HIlton. They lost the Hilton name because of the standards Hilton makes their properties live up to and I see why. I don't think this place has been cleaned since they changed names. The name LVH does not mean Hilton, but rather Las Vegas HOTEL. The rooms are dirty and I did not feel comfortable walking about without shoes in my room and even slept with my shirt on for fear of bed bugs (which BTW I did not see or experience). The casino itself isn't that huge and the dealers are very unattractive and not friendly, which I can get beyond if I was winning. The restaurants there are nothing to make you want to stay there to eat when there are so many other option. One big plus, or so we thought, was the convenience factor being next to the convo center but if you are in the South Hall of the Convo Ctr it is still a 20-25 min walk. They do have nice sportsbook though. Next time, I am staying on the strip to do Vegas right.
3	I think the rating they have is appropriate.  It's a cheap room.  We stayed here on a Friday night for only $55.  It was a spur of the moment trip so a cheap room was all we needed.  I asked for a room close to the elevators and on a high floor and even a late check in.  I got what I asked for.  The first room we got had water leaking from either the toilet or the tub, not sure.  We called housekeeping and they transferred me to the front desk and they got us another room immediately.  The next room was fine.  The beds seemed smaller than queen beds, but it was good for one night.  I read other comments about hearing everything, but I didn't hear our neighbors.  That could be due to the fact that we didn't have neighbors or that we had gotten there so late that we were too tired to hear anything. The shower was decent and clean.  The room was clean.  The air conditioning was still a little stuffy, but it was OK.   I might stay here again if we did another quick trip.  But I prefer to stay in the middle of the strip.
3	Okay. I'm going to start off with a bit of a rant.  Why is it that when your friends come into town unannounced they assume that you always have the time to hang out with them and gamble.  This happened to me today and I did have some time to spend but not as much as they'd like.  Just because I live in Las Vegas it doesn't mean that I am at the casino everyday.  Okay, sorry, I am back now and here is my review of LVH.As I was saying before, a friend of mine just showed up and wanted me to come out and hit the town with him before he left this evening.  So, we met up at LVH.  It isn't too far out of my way.  Now, I have lived in Vegas for a while and I have yet to step foot in this Casino.  And, this is my impression:This must be the best place to stay if you are attending a convention as it is really close.The parking structure was easy and plentiful.  I walked in and then began my hike to find the casino itself.  Walking by many shops, mini food court, bars and a club.  I like how it was spread out.  But, the casino was much further away than I expected.  I'm not big on the table games so I decided to get a players card.The woman, who helped me out was great.  Not a big talker but was really efficient at her job.  She explained how to use the card and within 5 minutes I was off.  I liked that they gave me free money to start off with $15.  What a great deal for just signing up.  We played for a while and then I had to get back to work.  I'll be back, when I have more time to spend.
4	I spent less than $100 total by booking a room for Saturday and Sunday night. It wasn't until after I paid the fee did I notice all of the negative reviews on here and other sites. I was, however, very pleasantly surprised with my positive experience. I was initially a bit put off by the hotel clerks at check-in for their lack of politeness, but after seeing our room (which was VERY clean - we checked for bed bugs, stains, etc.), I was happy that I decided to stay here. The monorail was also very convenient (although pricy at $5 one-way) and I felt as though the location of the hotel was far enough from the main strip to feel like I was getting away from the noise. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel for the quality and price.
1	So my boyfriend was giving me a hard time for being a bratty princess with the need to stay at a fancy place. Ok, fine, I'll show you. I booked this hotel as a Christmas "gift" to him just to show I can stay in such "cheap" place. And boy was this cheap, as in, cheap in every way. The room was mediocre at best. The floors had stains of god knows what and the bathroom arrangement was retarded. Only the shower and toilet was on tiled floor, the sink is outside in the carpeted area. It  was... stupid. The walls were ridiculously thin and you can hear EVERYTHING. My friend told us about his bad experience with LVH with the maids throwing away all of his stuff had me paranoid so we stuffed our belongings in drawers and closets as well as took pictures of them to make sure we have proof. Luckily nothing happened but I do not want to go through that ordeal of feeling unsafe. My boyfriend said we're never staying here again. HA! Proved you wrong hunny and even you were appalled. DON'T STAY HERE!
2	We stayed at the Hilton Las Vegas in the past, but DON"T confuse the LVH with the HILTON! This is no longer the HILTON!! I didn't realize this when I made my reservation on Expedia (my mistake). This place is smoky and run down. The first room we were given had broken curtains that would not close. I called the front desk and we were sent to another room several floors down from where we were. This room was clean, but the ceiling had a huge water stain. The carpet also had stains. We kept the Do Not Disturb sign in our door. We didn't trust anyone going in our room. The safe was $13 a day to use!!! What??? That's ridiculous!! We went to the diner cafe place and it is way overpriced!!!! My husband and I split a $11 bacon and cheese omelet...blah! What happened to the cheap Vegas prices?? Not at this place! We also tried the Vince Neil restaurant (see review..NOT recommended!)  Most of the staff working this hotel and casino had no personality or seemed rude!! I ordered a drink at the bar and I was playing video poker. I noticed a bill in front of me, so I asked the bartender if my drink was comped for playing. He picked up the bill and said, "don't you see? what does this say?" RUDE!! The only reason I am giving this place a 2 star is for my winnings of $600, but we do not recommend staying here!
1	This place has been going downhill for awhile and once the Star Trek Experience closed and the Star Trek Convention moved they lost their main tourist draws.  This place is off the strip and is getting rough around the edges.  I did win $300 on roulette here.
4	Fantastic quality for an amazing price.  Today's best value in Vegas by far. Our room was nicely appointed and very spacious. Everything was in good condition.  Truly 4 star quality rooms.  As I mainly used the hotel as a crash pad, I can' t comment on other ammenities.  Booking through Travelocity, it came to an amazing average $32/night with a special that was running but if I had paid twice that it still would have been a steal! I've paid more for Motel 6 and this was once the Hilton!
1	We go to Vegas at least once or twice a year and have stayed at many places. This honestly was one of my worst experiences.They have zero cocktail service for starters.  They don't accept comps for drinks either. They reduced the slot game space to put in a night club.  The shower pressure was way to eco friendly (lacking pressure). The upgraded room had paper thin walls so I got to listen to some gentleman's strip club booty call story.  We complained to the pit boss about the cocktail service. She apologized and said we were not the first to complain.  The next day we talked to Sal the assistant manager who was upset that the pit boss told us to complain to him.  The end result was a complaint form that we could fill out.  This is no longer a Hilton property and is owned by Goldman Sachs which explains everything.   The only plus was the Big Bowl party which was actually well done.
3	We stayed at this hotel last may for three nights. My boyfriend and I went to Vegas as a small vacation after the exams, and our main concern was not to spend too much. The price was very fair, we paid something in the neighborhood of 60 dollars per night. The room was clean (trust me, I am a germophobic) over any expectations, given the cheap price. THe down side would be that it is NOT on the strip, and although it might seem pretty close, it is not. it's like a 20 minute walk to the startosphere, and even then you are just on the crappy end of the strip. But aside from that, it a pleasant experience. We visited the pool. It was pretty clean and there were plenty of towels and chairs, however they didn't have umbrellas, which are necessary in the deserts. I would go there again.
2	I booked four rooms 01/31/13-02/03/13 at the LVH for my son's 21st birthday. We flew in his sisters and their men for a family party weekend in Vegas. Since my hubby and I were paying, we looked for four reasonably priced rooms. That's how we ended up at the LVH.We booked three Premium Rooms (as opposed to a Classic Room) and one Resorts Club room. None of the rooms were as advertised.  The hubbyand I got to the hotel first and checked into our Resorts Club room. Unfortunitly, that took a while, even though it was a slow night, since the desk clerk wrote down the wrong room number on our portfolio. Once we called down from a house phone and received the correct room number, we noticed that the room was not as advertised.  The room ws supposed to have plush,spa robes, complimentary water, evening turn down service and a daily newspaper. This room had none of that.  The room was tired, run down and in need of renovation. On the plus side is the Resorts Club Lounge where you can grab coffee, beer and wine and snacks during certain times of the day.The kids all arrived at different times and each had difficulties with their Premium Rooms. One of these rooms had a HUGE wet spot in the middle of the bed. Like someone had poured a bootle of water in the middle of a King size bed. They had to call housekeeping to get them a dry bed. ThePremium Room is advertised as having a refridgerator. None of the three rooms had one. Two of these rooms had broken bath  faucets. One broke off in my daughter's hand and she wasn't able to turn off the hot water without help. The other room's bath faucet progressively leaked throughout the four days.You can tell just by walking in the lobby that tis is not a fancy hotel in Vegas. No fresh flowers to start with. It used to be so nice...... Although I guess we got what we paid for, we won't be back. While much better then a Motel 8, you can find a MUCH nicer hotel in a better location for not too much more money per night..
4	This hotel is truly nothing special by Vegas standards, but how can you complain about $40 a night premium rooms so close to the strip, with tram access?If you need a place to crash that is cheap and clean, this place is great.
4	LVH was The Hilton and the home of so many amazing performers and events.  The hotel is off the strip and massive in size.  Elvis called this home for many years and his massive suite is still around and available to be checked in.   It was the former home of the Star Trek Freaks that came to owe homage to their show.  Now the Trekie room is now lounging with a very confused personality. The entertainment that they bring in is great and their steakhouse is YUMMY.   The people watching in the lobby can be out of this world. You will get every type of tourist walking by.
2	I stayed at LVH for a week in Jan 2013.  I was extremely disappointed ... pretty dirty (stains on the carpet, food trays with leftovers in the hallway, old fashioned rooms, etc).  The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because the big screens in the sports area of the casino was nice and the buffet food was edible.  Also the check in and out process was easy and quick.Other than that, this hotel sucked ... and i wont be back.
4	I went yesterday to Vegas for the Platform Shoe Show, and had the best buffet breakfast in years! at this hotel.For $16 that was out of this planet! they made my scramble eggs just the way i like them "2 eggs, with grilled veggies, and mushrooms" Yummy! their fruit was fresh and not from a can, a great selection of sweets and the service was very attentive. Very impressed with this place.Why 4 stars? well, the place needs to be renovated, its a little run down, but then the price would not be that good anymore right?Will go back for sure.
5	I was at LVH for CES, the Consumer Electronic Show in Jan. 2013.I will stay here again in 2014. It was perfect for me and my wife. With as many people were going through... I was so impressed that entire hotel was spotless anytime I walked through. The room was clean, towels were soft, the bed was comfy, the walls thick (I couldn't hear other rooms which was a problem at another hotel)  and staff was so helpful. The valets hustled to get cars through quickly and when I asked, one valet gave me a great suggestion for a place to eat!The hotel was built in 1969...it's not trying to be the newest and most fabulous. Since the convention consumed my days and I didn't want to go out each night to eat I was also grateful that the hotel has MANY different options for food. From Pizza Hut to Benihanas and everything in between. I highly recommend this place. Seriously, stay here, save money on the room - save your hard earned money for all the great things to do in Vegas; eat, play, party, gamble and relax or whatever you enjoy...
1	They gave my friends and I the three worst rooms in Vegas.  One room had trash all over it. We waited over an hour for them to clean it!  The next morning, the kindest, sweetest person in the world got on the phone and complained like hell.  She got us moved into very good rooms.  If they had just given us the nice rooms to begin with, I would be writing a two star review.  But just knowing they would give someone the rooms we originally got is enough to get this hotel a one star review.  Overall the hotel was in poor condition, and I would never reccomend this hotel to anyone, except this one guy down the street I hate.
2	Maaaaaan hell naw! We go to check in and there's no valet for people checking in. So we have to park in self parking which is in BFE and deal with all the drunk ratchets on the way.We reserve double beds, get there and they don't have any left. They upgrade us to a suite on the top floor...okay cool...thanks. Get to the room and the fuckery continues. GIGANTIC stain in the middle of the floor carpet (I'm a Virgo...don't play that shit...I also got irritated by the crooked painting, but that's not their fault)....go to the bathroom and I swear to God...there's pee and toilet paper floating in the damn toilet!  The fuck?? This is the suite?  The suite's decor looks like what ballin must've looked like in the 80's. Pastel colors everywhere, tube tvs, bright turqouise couch. Think the bad guy's spot in The Last Dragon.....see it??? okay that's it! ....The hell? Besides the disgusting state of the room, this shit needs an upgrade on everything.  They just aren't competing. It still baffles me when a hotel in Vegas has tube TVs in it. A clock radio with an aux cable that doesn't work, etc. Pros: In regards to the suite.... double balconies...even though the one off the master was shared with the neighbors....and....jet tub I guess... In regards to the hotel....the wine bar? I mean everything else was pretty damn wack. We got a really good deal on our room so...I guess I should of known better....but pee in the toilet? ??? Really??? Never coming back. F U LVH!
4	Did the Sunday Brunch as the line at Palms looked to be over an hour.  Good food/drink/service for price.  Will definitely come back, omelete station was done perfectly.
4	We got rooms for $35 a night on a weekend....you can't beat that in Vegas! This hotel is right next to the LV Convention Center so if you're here for an event there, this is the perfect place to stay. It's really not far from the strip either, just a block. The rooms here are clean and you can tell have been renovated. we were lucky to have gotten a room where the building curves, so our room was actually bigger than our friend's room just a few doors down. the staff up at registration desk are pretty friendly, even when we had an issue with our check-in/check out, they immediately fixed the problem.the casino isnt exciting and glitchy like the ones on the strip but if you just want to do a quick gamble, there are plenty of machines and tables. we took advantage of the happy hour at the Vince Neil Cantina and also did some wine tasting at the Wine and Coffee bar called Fortuna near the main lobby.if i can stay here for the price we got every time i come to Vegas, i would definitely come back each and every time!
2	This is simply a sad little hotel. My husband & I stayed here during a convention we attended, as it sits right up against the convention center itself. It has fallen far from the previous owner's standards (The Hilton). Long story short: Its upkeep (desperately needs fresh renovations), cheap vibe (Example:$13.99/day for internet service),  and lack of coherent marketing theme left me uninspired. Las Vegas is so larger than life with its man-made vibrancy, yet The LVH failed to remotely capture this imagination. If you're serious about experiencing Las Vegas' one-of-a-kind atmosphere, then do yourself a favor and pass this hotel by.
2	I came to Las Vegas Hotel after having issues with my initial reservation at another hotel during a very busy week where it was impossible to find a room anywhere in Las Vegas. Luckily LVH had a room for me. When I checked in, i looked around the hotel casino and lobby and you can tell the hotel is old. The shops are very 1970s/80s.Not a bad thing, just not what I'm used to seeing. Now this is where my feelings were instantly crushed, As i opened the door to my room and saw the disaster that awaited me. Dusty carpets that I refuse to walk barefoot on. The bathroom had broken and chipped tiles throughout the floors and walls. There was rust around the old tub. I didn't want to picture myself showering in it. The color of the rooms decor was very unappealing. There was a lot of that dark orange/ brown color happening. The next morning, I spoke to the front desk and mentioned the condition of my room. The front desk staff concurred that some of the rooms conditions are old so she offered me one of there remodeled rooms for an additional $20 a night. I accepted and moved my things to the remodeled room. My new room made a world of difference. Completely new bathroom, no rust, no dust, cleaner carpets, my view was worse but I couldn't care less after witnessing that scary bathroom in my first room. If you stay at LVH, ask for a remodeled room. It's worth it and similar to Venetian standards. Customer service is off and on here. Some employees are nice and some are very rude. The front desk staff doesn't smile much either. The fortuna cafe night staff were awesome. The hot chocolate here was yummy.  Not sure of the two girls names that work here but could have been Kim or something close to that. They were great! The morning staff were  the complete opposite. Rude, letting customers get in front  of customers ahead in line, causing unneeded commotion between customers . The morning staff all spoke in Spanish which seemed as gossip since there were many unhappy customers. A quick note to the Morning staff at Fortuna , Spanish isn't that hard a language to understand now a days so be watchful of what you're saying ladies. My experience with the room service was not good. I ordered a hot chocolate at 10 pm and didn't get it until 11 pm. One hour for hot chocolate must be state of the art cocoa, right? Nope! I waited 1 hour for some brown water which cost me $15.   My overall stay at the las vegas hotel was a roller-coaster. Good luck to future LVH guests!
3	Slightly above average facility. Rude and uncaring front desk. Our room keys were locked out by the system, and the staff were not very helpful or polite. Seemed like we were interrupting their social time.   Won't be back unless we have to.
4	My hubby and I stayed at LVH in the beginning of February 2013 as we celebrated our 5th wedding anniversary at our most favorite place in the whole wide world...VEGAS!!! With that being said, when reading this review, please keep in mind that we have stayed at many different hotels throughout  the years.  After reading mixed reviews about this property, we were cautiously anxious on how our stay would be. To our pleasant surprise, this off-strip property did not disappoint us as it seemed to others. Of note, it seems most people tend to stay in the "regular", cheaper, non-suite type rooms so that may have made a difference between our stay and theirs.  Maybe we were just lucky or maybe others are just hypercritical, I can't comment on others' experiences with LVH. Either way, our stay was pleasant, comfortable, and very enjoyable.  We were treated to a North Tower Suite which totaled more than a 1000 square feet of living space with a beautiful view of the Las Vegas Country Club, where we played a round of golf at during our stay. Our room included a full-sized wet bar in our living room, along with a murphy bed and comfy chairs and couches, two full bathrooms, a king sized bed in our bedroom, two flat screen TVs (one in the living room and one in our bedroom), a desk where you could do some work if needed, and a refrigerator.  Our room, on arrival, was very clean.  Yes, the furniture in our suite was a little outdated for 2013, but one must remember that the LVH is an older property so it should be expected.  Despite the furniture lacking a modern flair, they were all in good repair, and most importantly, clean and comfy! We had no problems relaxing in our suite each night, as we had a nice and quiet stay.  LVH has a unique "Go Green" program where they give their guests vouchers for either food or casino play for each day that you decline housekeeping services.  We thought it was a pretty cool program and took full advantage of it. Both we and the environment prospered from this! I enjoy my daily morning workouts before starting my day, so I paid to workout at their fitness center.  I bought the 5 day gym pass so it only costed me $15 a day to workout.  You get a discount if you purchase gym passes in a batch rather than a single pass. The more days you buy, the bigger the discount! The fitness center admission includes use of their cardio and weights, along with their spa facilities and an area to freshen up with lockers and showers that is stocked with lotion, mouth wash, hair spray, blow dryers and the like to pretty yourself out after your workout.  The spa areas are not coed.  I'm a runner, so my main focus for using the fitness center was for the treadmills and elipticals. They have about 6 treadmills and two elipticals. I also train my lower body so I used some of the weight machines as well. There is a water cooler in the fitness room so you can stay hydrated pre, during, and post workout. This is not the biggest or fanciest workout facility, but it serves it's purpose well, is clean and well maintained, and is not overly crowded so getting on a machine is not much of a problem. Basically, it is, what it is.   Check in/out was seamless and quick and all of the staff at LVH are courteous, helpful, friendly, and professional. We were quite  impressed with exceptional customer service of the hotel and casino staff.  There is ample amount of parking and if staying in the North Tower as we had, the walk to and from the parking structure was minimal.  There are no resort fees at this hotel and the price you pay per night for a room here is a great value.  This is by far no Bellagio or Wynn, and they don't claim to be, but if it's good value, good customer service, clean, quiet, and comfy rooms that you're looking for, look no further, as LVH is the answer.  Give this property a chance and see for yourself what they have to offer. You may be a pleasantly surprised as we were!
3	Booked on the hotels tonight app and it was pretty cheap, but it was st. Patricks weekend, march madness and a million conventions in town. We upgraded for only $20 which is what you pay in resort fees at other hotels. The rooms were nice and large, big jacuzzi bathtub in the bathroom. We only slept here and partied at the better hotels and clubs. If you only plan to sleep here its perfect, its on the north strip, off the beaten path, but wasnt that far away. $10 cab to pretty much everywhere.
2	Bathroom was out dated and ugly, They charge your internet WI FI per device - not per room, but dont tell you until you check out and they say "look at fine print". It is not conveniently located.  Casino is basic. LVH is like an aging celebrity who is way past her prime but tries to fool everyone by using lots of make up, overusing botox and wearing a slutty outfit.The good parts were - close to mono rail, workers were very nice, no resort fee and free valet parking was super convenient.
3	I got this room for $45 bucks a night (weekend) and for the money, I'm very satisfied. Sure, it's old and doesn't attract a trendy crowd, but I booked the room knowing what I was getting into. However, this place is only a $10 cab ride from XS (for those going clubbing). They were absolutely fine with giving me 5 keys, too!
1	We have a group of 10-12 guys who stay here every year for the first week of March Madness.  Primarily this is their preferred hotel because of the sports book.  That is really the only reason to stay at this location in my opinion.  The rooms are decent and well maintained particularly for the price per night.  One positive is of all of the monorail stops this is by far the most convenient in proximity to the hotel lobby compared to other hotels on the monorail line.  This last visit will be the last for me personally for several reasons.  The casino is certainly one of the smaller and is 95% slot machines, no longer has a poker room and the restaurant choices feel more like a budget hotel in Orlando than a Las Vegas resort.  The biggest problem we had was security.  We had a laptop stolen from our room the last night we were there.  The more troubling aspect was that we had another friend in a completely different floor of the hotel have their Ipad stolen as well.  Management essentially said there was nothing they could do and offered a free breakfast buffet as consolation.  There was no offer to attempt to offer the smallest of effort to resolve the issue such as reviewing key card access to the room for example.  One night I left my key in the room and requested a replacement key at the front desk.  The room was registered in my friend's name but I was listed on the room.  I spoke to the front desk and they agreed to have security meet me at the room since they would not issue a new key since I wasn't the registered guest in the room.  I went to the room approximately 4 minutes after they said security would meet me.  The security guard flippantly told me he was about to leave because I was taking too long.  He could not have been waiting more than a minute which I found to be a bit rude considering I wasn't a drunk blathering idiot who had done something absurd.It had been 7 years since my last visit and on my last trip I had inadvertently walked between 2 craps tables through the pit (this time I was a drunk blathering idiot).  Security followed me around for the next 45 minutes after this minor oops moment which I found a bit overboard considering I wasn't exactly casing the joint.  I find it ironic that they deemed a simple walking mistake to be a bigger concern than their staff actively stealing items from the guest rooms.One night I realized upon hitting the lobby that I had left my phone in the cab.  Within 3 minutes of realizing this I asked the front desk if they monitored the cab line with security in hopes that I might have them review the tapes so I could at least get the number of the cab I was in to hopefully know who to call for finding my phone.  Knowing full well that every drop of the property is covered by cameras I was annoyed when he dismissed my request by suggesting they don't monitor that area of the property.  Thankfully the cab driver had my phone and brought it to me in his own personal vehicle after his shift.  It would have been nice if the staff had been as concerned about our happiness as a random cab driver was.The sports book staff was really the only positive experience I had during this and previous visits and unfortunately is not enough reason to return to this hotel.
3	I always stay here during march madness weekend. They have the best sportsbook in town. During this time however, the sportsbook gets overwhelmed w/ gamblers putting bets on the games.  Expect to wait around 30-40 minutes before games. In regards to the hotel itself, it's off the strip and it's connected to a convention center, which means you get a lot of people attending conferences.  The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable.  In Vegas, you spend less time in your room.  If you count the hours, you'll spend less than 5 hrs per day.  so the room itself, it's cool.there are several restaurants available; from a high end steak restaurant to a pizza hut.  Like most hotels in vegas, they will nickle and dime you on internet fees, and in room refrigerators.
1	Dump.  I bought my room through Groupon. Some "deal", as their website pitched the same rate.  Room was nasty.  Stained rugs that we joked looked lie a CSI Crime scene... Bathroom was so outdated. Tub/shower was so small.. At 5'10" - I had to duck to het under the shower.I think the idea of LVH is a nice hotel /cheap.  But you are not getting that.. Your getting a cheap hotel / cheap.
4	I was skeptical about staying here after reading all the reviews but it was the hotel my son's basketball team was staying at and of course we wanted all the kids to be together. I thought it was a nice decent hotel and it was pretty cheap. My room was clean, large LCD TV, had a mini fridge and a safe, AC worked perfectly, the restroom was big and clean. The service was great! They have a good selection of restaurants from a steak house to pizza hut. I liked the fact that it was off the strip due to the traffic. I love the no resort fees and the valet parking...I gave it a 4 stars because the self parking is a pretty long walk if you are not on the north tower but over all it was a good experience!
4	I booked two nights through LivingSocial for only $56 (no resort fees) for Easter weekend and also spring break week for most college students. most hotels started out in the $100s (some with resort fees) for the days I wanted to book.The hotel wasn't bad at all like what other people have reviewed here. Maybe I got lucky?Our room was located in Central Tower and my only complaint would be that we chose the room next to the elevator since it was the only non-smoking and King size bed they had. You can hear the elevator from your room going up and down, though it wasn't loud enough to keep me awake at night.The rooms actually looked like the pictures we saw online and it was clean and nicely arranged.The hotel is conveniently connected to the monorail, so despite this hotel not being near the center of the strip, the monorail took care of that.If I were to visit Vegas again I would definitely stay at LVH if there was another good deal like the one I got from LivingSocial.
1	Don't even think to stay in this dirty hotel ... Even if they give you a room for free. I would stay in a motel rather than stay in this hotel. I don't know why they called hotel ? The meaning of hotel word is way far than what I saw in this hotel.
5	Not sure why there are all these bad reviews, but our stay was fantastic. We booked a lanai room. It was the best room in Vegas, and our last stay was at the Encore. Clean and well appointed. Maybe some of the other rooms aren't that nice?
1	This place is awful! The management is unfriendly, no coffee maker in the room, no ice machine on out level, the clock is broken. Absolute worst. Would NEVER stay here.  The management is rude when we c about issues and low us off. Don't stay here
3	I stayed in this Hotel back in 2007 and is was lush, amazing and a magical place. Now it's a good room not far from the strip. Defiantly seen better days, To be fair we stayed just before it was sold from Hilton so I think they ran it into the ground. We had a free upgrade, and we were very happy, just no magical experiences. I guess i just wish they opened up the experience again. No idea they closed it when we stayed back in 2011.
2	Not at all happy with this place. Stains on carpet and bedding. No mini fridge. No coffee maker, or should I say you pay $4.00 a cup for it or a bottle of water. Internet access is $14.00 a day per device.
3	Nice little casino, went here for raiding the rock vault
4	This is a pretty nice hotel.  It is comfortable and quiet.  The pool is very nice.  Just get there when it opens or all of the chairs will be occupied.  The room was clean and nice, similar to the photos on the hotel's website.  It is located off the main strip, but it is very easy to access and has a Monorail stop on site that will take you to the main strip.  The casino is clean.  Employees were friendly and helpful.  Expect long lines at check in (I think I waited about 30 minutes).  I'd definitely stay there again.
1	I haven't been to this place in ten years, but I recently stayed here for a convention.  This place has really fallen from grace.  The service is horrible, the rooms are outdated and not very clean.  The water pressure in my shower was low and the tub was backed up - gross.  Next time I have to go to a convention at the LVH, I'll stay elsewhere and take a cab to the convention.
5	We went during the first weekend in April for the American Country Awards and stayed at the hotel since it was off the strip but close to everything (the tram) I recommend paying for day passes for the tram for as long as you are there. The savings are better that way and you can hop off and on the tram all the way to the MGM. Our room was perfect, North tower 16th floor, with a great view of the 'strip'. Stay in the North tower, renovated rooms, close to tram and the restaurants down stairs. The kids enjoyed the hotel, especially the pool, although the jacuzzi was not working when we went down, but the pool was nice. The room was nice and comfortable and spacious. We bought bottled water and put it in the refrigerator (they have bottled water there in the room but charge $4.00 a bottle. We didn't use the safe, which costs extra money or internet, which also costs additional money. We used are smart phones and didn't need to hook up a lap top.The staff was nice and greeted us with smiles and helped us out the whole time we were there. The wait on check in and check out was a few minutes and there were no long lines. Even at the buffet which they comped for us, instead of using our spa credit. The buffet was very nice plenty of great food, from asian cuisine to pasta. We stuffed ourselves. It was a great time and we will be going back to Vegas and staying here.
3	Location, location, location is the key in retail as in the hotel industry. Location is the main reason to come here for sure! It's right next to the humongous Las Vegas Convention centre and it's conference centre is often an "overflow" area for large conventions (such as the National Association of Broadcasters convention that I attend every year). For it's whole history except the first and past two years it's been known as the "Las Vegas Hilton" and most long time conventioneers still refer to it that way.I don't stay here (I think there are much better values in Las Vegas, especially during conventions) but I come here every year for various functions. There are numerous "hospitality suites" here during conventions and I came to one on the top floor in one of their "villas". Those are certainly modest compare to newer mega-resort on the strip but it is convenient. I also come here sometimes for the buffet which is nice and a (fairly) short walk from the back of the "central hall" of the LVCC entering here through the "sports books" area. The "sports book" parking is also convenient if you come to the buffet.
1	Dirty,dirty,air conditioner still out of order,restaurants bad service.
1	Wildly disappointed by our stay, we had to tell ourselves again and again that at least we only paid 30 dollars per person/night via Groupon. We were kept waiting 3 hours to be given access to our room, during which time we tried to go enjoy the pool. The pool area was covered in garbage and old towels that no one cleaned up for close to an hour. The elevators were not working for stretches of time, leading to lines of 50 people waiting for the few working ones. We asked for an extra glass and mini-shampoo in our room and someone rudely dropped off a shopping bag full of odd items, after they called us back to ask what we had requested again. The toilet clogged and it took them over an hour to come and fix it. It took 30 minutes to get a taxi Saturday at dinner time, causing us to be late. It took over 30 minutes to get the car from valet when we checked out. We were constantly left shocked and disappointed that not a single staff member was helpful or seemed concerned whether we were enjoying our stay in any sense. I work in a top rated hotel in Los Angeles and if I had committed a single one of these errors in judgment or service I would be fired, but somehow this is how an entire hotel operates. Nothing on this Earth would ever make us go back to the LVH.
2	I'm not a picky person when it comes to hotels. I'd much rather spend my money on food, drink and activities than on an upscale hotel. That said, heres my Pros and Cons.PROS:  * Although not on The Strip, the Monorail made getting there fast & convenient!  * Had some issues with CC charges after my stay and the operator was very nice!  * Good value for a hotel in Vegas  * Clean lobby and casino floor (although did see 1 huge roach crawling up a wall)  * Beds were comfy and theres a flatscreen TV.CONS:  * Rude staff!! If you hate working there, LEAVE?!  From the front desk to the bars and restaurants, no one is friendly.  There is an exception as we visited the front desk and I wish I got his name, he was VERY friendly and helpful.    * Rooms are dated and need sprucing up.  * No hot water the first morning...luke warm the next.  * The coffee in your room is NOT complimentary.  Watch out...$4 for a K cup of watered down, weak coffee.   * Bathrooms need major cleaning as one room in our group had rusted out areas and mildew along the caulking.  Duct tape holding up lighting.   *Benny Binion would be disappointed that they don't follow his vision of free cocktails while playing slots...only for table gamers.In all, this hotel is ok for the price.  If you can look past the rude staff and dingy guest room bathrooms, it will save you some $$ to eat, drink and play on The Strip.
4	I never give a hotel 5 stars. To me there is no such thing. My experience with this hotel was nice. I loved our room. It was clean and roomy. Courteous staff. Off the strip (a plus in my book). I was thoroughly happy with my experience!
5	I enjoyed staying here. I enjoyed the Buffett and signed up for the players rewards.The rooms were clean and ready for us to check in.
2	meh!  This place is just ok, if it wasn't for the two free nights offer we would not have stayed here.  This place is a hugemogous 'resort' in desperate need for a rehab.  We upgraded to a deluxe room for $20 per night, decent but nothing fancy.  Our room was big but rather drab, it had a mini fridge , safe and comfy king size bed.  We stayed in the north tower which had convenient parking on the side.  I doubt I would stay here again unless it was free, there are just so many other better off strip options.  One plus, no resort fee.
4	Not as bad as people make it seem. Was there this weekend for a basketball tournament and it's not far from the strip at all, it's literally a block away. Rooms was clean and we had a great view to the strip. Food there was not really good though, but other than that no complains.
3	The hotel was OK. The rooms were clean, but dated. The rooms with 2 beds have 2 double beds, not queens. It was a tight fit. The restaurants all close about 8 PM and the "pool party" was about 10 people, all over 40, with 1 DJ that just played straight music, no mixing or "energy." The casino is a bit dated, also. The service was awful. No one smiled, no one was helpful. Even when we had an issues, they weren't pleasant about resolving it, although they did make it right. The price was right; however, even at $32/night, I would not go back to LVH.
3	Passing through Vegas, and I'm not a gambler.  I don't need an over-priced, smoky place to stay.  Enter LVH.  Room was cheap ($64 with tax), beds were comfortable, non-smoking tower was truly non-smoking.  Simply, it fit the bill.  No signs of mold, etc.  The only negative: carpet was not vacuumed thoroughly. Amenities are sparse in room: no coffee maker/coffee.  Water at $4 per bottle.  Simple solution: head to the 24 hr cafe and grab real coffee.   A plus: The room had a safe.
3	I came here expecting the worst. A friend of ours checked-in before we arrived to the city and told us how ghetto it was. Seeing the low Yelp ratings didn't help neither.This hotel is located on the north end of the strip. The older side of Vegas. Even the sign screamed old! They really need to update that. There is a large parking structure and plenty of outdoor parking, but I would recommend parking in the structure since it'll be a lot closer to the hotel entrance. Checking in was a nightmare. There were tons of people trying to snag a room without reservations, which held up the line. Our check-in, however, was fast and easy.The guy helping us told us there was only a double room available with a queen bed. No big deal. King beds are a bit excessive if you ask me. What's better was he told us the room we were getting is much larger than regular rooms. I was so glad to hear that, but was still doubtful seeing the atmosphere.When we finally saw the room, I thought it was actually really nice! It was significantly larger than standard rooms. There was a little bar area when we walked in with a sink and fridge, a large living room area connected to the bedroom, and a good sized bathroom with a shower and jacuzzi tub. Not too shabby! We definitely lucked out on this one with the price we paid. Our friend's room on the other hand was horrible... It was ridiculously small and the bathroom was a sorry excuse for a bathroom. You'll definitely feel crammed if you have 4 people.I didn't even bother checking out the rest of the hotel, but it's nice that they have a monorail to take you to the strip directly from here. I found our room very comfortable. Plus, if you opt out of room service they give you $10 in hotel or gaming credit. Be sure to call before 1 am, though (or it doesn't count). They'll slip the credit under your room door the next morning.It's definitely a hit or miss here.
3	Nothing fancy but a good hotel for the money. "The Buffet" and a Pizza hut and a few stores on the first floor. Very spacious rooms. Huge parking garage. And the pool area is pretty cool, live dj and signature drinks, and even raffles.
2	I have very mixed feelings about this hotel.  I booked an air+hotel deal through vegas.com which came out to under $500 for roundtrip flights from NYC and four nights at LVH, which sounded like a great deal at the time.  However, I recommend you shell out the extra money to get a hotel ON the actual strip, not "just off the strip."  The bad:First, other than the gas station across the street and convention center next door, there is absolutely NOTHING surrounding this place except shady and cheap hotels.  The walk to Encore alone is about a mile, which although doesn't seem like much, sucks because of the Las Vegas heat AND the fact that from there you still have to walk so much to get to where the life is- Venetian, Caesars, Cosmopolitan, etc.  Cabs are so expensive and the group I was with would end up caving and shelling out cab fare every night to get to and from restaurants/shops/clubs and they are not cheap!  The hotel is definitely dated and could use a bit of a facelift, but it isn't terrible.  The food in the hotel is obscenely expensive.  They had a Keurig coffee machine in the room, but it was $4 PER SMALL MEASLY CUP OF COFFEE.  Insane.  I ended up going to the cafe downstairs (called Fortuna) and paying $4.27 for a large coffee.  More bang for my buck I guess.  I'd recommend going across the street to the gas station for coffee, but I got lazy and didn't want to start sweating first thing in the morning.  The hotel also offers a go-green option where you opt out of having your room cleaned in exchange for your choice of either an $8 dining credit or $10 casino credit.  Out of the two days we did that, we got the voucher only once and when I called to complain they would not honor it saying my room "wasn't in the system" for going green, which was complete BS.The good:The rooms were clean and a decent size.  We ate at the Benihana the first night which was good, it was a very big restaurant and the service was good.  There were always cabs outside so it was easy to get one.  There is a monorail station at the hotel too, which we did not use but what's the point when it doesn't service the strip?  We did not use the hotel pool until the last day and to my surprise it wasn't too bad.  The pool was a nice size and the bar had a 2-for-1 happy hour with good drinks and a DJ.
2	Second time to stay here.  I stayed here one time when it was the Las VEgas Hilton.  Seem like a better hotel then. Recent stay was just so so.  The room is comfortable but it is old.  The lower part of the door to the bathroom was all chipped.  When I took a shower the first night there, the shower curtain had ink stains on it.  The following day I left a note for housekeeping to change the shower curtain and they did.  So service is great.  The rooms are comfortable, but the hotel itself, is far from the strip.  There was a convention going on during the time we were there.  I wonder what the hotel is like when there is no one around?  Parking is free, but it is a walk?  Not bad if you just had a heavy dinner.  For the elderly, it would be tough.      Overall, it's ok, but I have other options.
1	Not the worst dive, but pretty bad. Wifi is $14. a day. I had no hot water for 3 nights in a row. They refused to refund those nights. Terrible service. I requested a work order for the shower at 6:45pm, and the guy showed up at 11:35pm.The whole place is just tired. Not a dump, but not sparkling. Dirty floors and windows. On the plus side, the rooms are fine. Especially if you don't need hot water. My friend's sink fell off the wall in another room. We attended a conference there, and those rooms were fine, but I asked around and NO ONE was happy with the hotel.There are so many choices in Vegas. Choose another place!
3	I would have given it 3.5 if I could.If you're looking for a cheap hotel in Vegas that is enough for what it's supposed to be for - sleeping and showering, this is pretty good. The tub is big but I won't really take a bath in it. The beds are comfy. There is enough room to lay my stuff. The TV works. There are enough mirrors and enough outlets. The casino was small and I have no idea if they have a pool you can lounge at to nurse your hangover.
2	I've been coming to this hotel for the past 15 years (when it was named the Las Vegas Hilton).  I've seen some decline in the hotel over the years.  On my last visit, I noticed the buffet (average quality/above average price) is now closing at 8:00 PM on weekdays.  The SpaceQuest bar (previously a well occupied bar) never opened during the week I was there (Early May/2013). Staff is friendly but somewhat frustrated by the hotel's precarious financial position.  The bottom line is this hotel is struggling to compete with the new properties on the strip.  However, the room rates are extremely aggressive (as low as 25.00 per night during the week) and the hotel definitely represents a good value.  The rooms are adequate and clean and I think you will be surprised by the value this hotel is offering.  Are there better places to stay in Vegas?  Certainly... but you will pay a lot more to stay at these other properties.A few thing to note: Room service is ridiculously expensive at this property; i.e. $12.50 for Potato chips/$20.00 for breakfast.  Shower head is too low in the shower and motion detector in the bathroom shuts off the lights in the middle of showering (potential safety issue).
1	WHEN IT WAS HILTON YEARS AGO IT WAS MUCH MUCH BETTER...ITS UP FOR SALE...SAVE YOUR MONEY - this was the recommend hotel for our convention...YIKES!Well save your money...As I was at the desk there were two people in front of me were changing rooms due to issues with their rooms. I brought this to the GM and also  wrote a letter. No one contacted me back. OK then..just so you don't experience the same.....heres my review....maintenance  and housekeeping issues are present all over the hotel.  Some of the employees seem to be rude to guests Ir$$e in the club floor Sh@#la at the front Desk both should be working at a post office. The hotel seems to be a fragment of the Hilton. Dead on M-T-W so if I was spending modest I would get a better value elsewhere. The hotel overall is VERY dirty, public areas such as elevators haven't been clean in years. I had to change rooms myself because the tub  was black and mildewed in the bathroom, drain stopped up.  The only good thing is the beds they are comfortable...but make sure you have your Resort Key when entering the club room...despite signing in.... I was interrogated by the gal this morning. She made it clear not to move till she validates the list.  Moving on to reservations department - had to change a folio name on our company block ...had to remind agent three times spelling of the name of Jason  ....finally I asked her to write the name down..needless to say ad to get a manager to complete transaction. I would stay away until another chain buys it and changes out the entitled employees. Not all employees, there are some really nice ones but some of the upper services you experience entitlement. Like take it or leave it ...I have worked here for years...you on the other hand guest are only here for a short while...so don't mess with me....No hospitality message here I will in the future if we are at a convention book the Spring Hill suites across the street. (Marriott) if you need to be in the convention.. I almost forgot a few more items They did not deliver laundry it went to the wrong room. At $15 per shirt you would think you would not have to chase down your laundry-- arrived 9 pm. oh yeah union rates at convention ridiculous - to unload two boxes from a truck it was $700.00 - they would not let us unload our own we are a heavy truck equipment dealer?? SAVE YOUR COMPANIES MONEY - Good service and a clean hotel would negate rates but if you are going to have unclean room and poor service - there are plenty of other choices out there.UPDATE - HOTEL IS IN RECEIVERSHIP / 50% OF THE STAFF ARE THERE and are not happy about the cuts - they are trying to sell  so you may not get the best service ...SAVE YOUR money...........................Federal Express sends you a package you will pay $5-50 just because they received it thereBREAKFAST for FOUR $65.00 and it was basic eggs etc..we have checked out ....Update-  received an email letter - EMAIL - while I am in the hotel ....from Guest Service manager assuring me they will speak with the employees.. blah blah blah.
4	I like their Buffet, small but all the food very good except for the Salmon, which used to be good. Also sadly missed the Lamb Chops they used to put out.  Never a wait to eat at the buffet.  Fairly priced for the quality they have. All the Beer and  wine you can drink.
1	Put simply, the only reason to stay there is that you are attending a conference at the convention center. Limited food options, small casino with no poker room, no good looking people and very average room (although very big). I am sure they have cheap rates but still not worth it if you are coming to vegas.
4	Just back from an anniversary weekend and Vegas and used my special rates at the Hilton.  Because I have been staying this hotel for 12 years, I receive really low rates most times so my review could be a bit bias, however, if I had spent more for the rooms, my review would not change by much.  That being said, the rooms are just fine!  Clean, good sized and modern.  My shower curtain bothered me because there were some splotches that I didn't make but, they immediately replaced it when I commented on it.  The low points actually deal more with the casino than the rooms.  They have greatly reduced the size of the gaming area and its disappointing.  They should add more games and bring back slots to the space quest bar and OPEN the dang bar up during the days .  some of my best memories are on one of those bar stools in the early hours of the morning. lastly, some one on this site said that the LVH does not give out free drinks while playing slots, only tables.  what BS!  Indeed they do, and Plenty.  Give them a try.
2	Would not recommend.  It is usually a good price due to being off strip, but you are TRAPPED there.  The cabs are virtually non-existent after 5 PM.  Forget going out to a different club or hotel after dark.Rooms are pretty nice for the price - elevators seem to be from the 1930's and take forever - stay on the 1st floor if you want to save time.Definitely not worth the money unless you don't have much.
3	I have stayed at LVH twice previously with Hubby and had pretty good experiences, but last time we went, you can definitely feel the wear and tear. The tub was dripping all night, the elevators, hallway, and room looks worn and dated, and just gives an overall meh feel to the guests. Thanks LVH for the budget rooms for the past years, but I think I'll check into another hotel on the strip next time I'm in Vegas.
3	So so.  Smelly rooms.  Everything costs double such as a bottle of pop.   Other friends here had truly bad rooms.
1	During my stay all of my jewelry was stolen.  When I reported it to security, they didn't investigate or seemed concerned.  They just told me nothing was turned in.  Well, if someone from housekeeping stole my jewelry, why would they turn them in?  These pieces were all Mother's Day gifts from my children and grand children.  Shame on LVH for doing nothing!
1	A friend of mine was able to get me a comped room here due to his standing at their casino.  (More on this in a bit)About the place.  The rooms were decently nice.  Good floor plan  clean.  Lobby was nice as was the casino.First off, the place is at the end of the monorail.  That's not such a bad thing but be prepared to spend an extra $30 bucks for a 3 day pass.  Even then you do so much walking to get to the stations.  Because it's so far away once you are back at your hotel you don't want to leave again.  Plan on 20 minutes to get from LVH to the MGM grand.The first night I knew it was going to be rough.  The walls are paper thin.  The hallways echo VERY VERY loud.  If anyone is talking, much less with a drunken yell be prepared to be woken up.  I could literally here my neighbors conversations, their bathroom habits and cell phone conversations.  It was RIDICULOUS.  I have never stayed in a hotel like this.  I did not get any sleep for the 3 nights I was there.I wouldn't normally write a review but I got a nice surprise on my credit card bill after I left.  Even though the room was in my friends name and was "comped" I had ordered room service and didn't want him to pay for it.  Upon checkout I swapped the CC used for incidentals.  Turned out I ended up PAYING FOR THE ROOM! My friend called the Mgr and was told I didn't gamble enough to stay there free.  WTH.  It was free at checkin and after I leave it's not.  VERY poor business management in my opinion.  Had I known I was going to pay for a hotel I would have chosen one much closer to the strip and action.I would not recommend this place to anyone.  Poor management and horrible experience overall.
1	This is the worst Vegas hotel I've ever stayed at! The room smelled like mildew, the bathroom was filthy, and there were cobwebs in the corner of the room! The toilet had brown stains and the beds were two full sized ones with lumpy mattresses. On top of that, the staff was incredibly rude and had a lot of attitude, particularly the accounting/billing department! I will never be staying here again! Avoid at all costs!
3	I've never seen the rooms here. But his hotel is old, I have seen this place go through many changes. From the Star Trek bar to changing their name to the LVH. I don't go here often, I've eaten at their Benihana restaurant (expensive and bland), watched an MMA event (it was a strange event to say the least), saw Raiding the Rock Vault (which was awesome, I highly recommend it). Parking garage isn't attached so you have to cross a road to get to the building but it's not a big deal. I've never gambled here so I can't comment on that either. Drinks are good at the bars, a tad cheaper than strip casinos but not by much. I will continue to go here for shows but doubt I will hang out before or after.
2	so far from the strip... it costs us a minimum of $14 everytime we wanted to go somewhere or back to the hotel. ugh... with all the $$ we spent on the rides... we coulda def. stayed on the strip...
1	The ONLY reason to stay in this hotel is for the convenience of it being attached to the convention center. Reasons for the 1 star:1) They nickle and dime you for EVERYTHING. Where most hotels have free coffee and safe service in the room, the LVH charges $3/day for use of the safe, and $4 single cup of kurig instant crap coffee, $4 for a bottle of water.2) In-room internet: $15 a day per device. Really? To connect my ipad and phone both to wi-fi and my partner to do the same would have cost us $60/day!3) The hotel itself has NO free internet zones. To get free wi-fi you need to walk all the way to the convention center that is happy to offer this service4) Most of the restaurants close between 8-9pm. Lame. This is Vegas and you are a casino. There are also no 24 hour eating spots, after 1pm you are SOL.5) Beds: Very poor.I had 2 beds in my room and both where tilted to the centre of the room. Uncomfortable.6) The "air conditioning" in the room was horrible, either it was spewing out ice box temperature fridgid air or the heat was on. No happy medium.7) TV: most of the channels are grainy, and those are limited to a dozen. Didn't even try for the pay movies due to the poor quality TV set.8) The Pool: tiny and with little shadeGood points:1) They have a green service that if you remember to call the night before and request your room not be cleaned they give you a $8 coupon to use for food.2) Amazingly enough they don't charge for the ice machine, with charging for everything else I almost epected it to be coin operated.
3	I had stayed here before year ago right after they changed it from the Hilton and I love it. On my recent stay there it wasn't the best. The casino is old but its well kept the first room I had was pretty bad it was old and the air condition didn't work, they gave me an upgraded room  which is a lot better the only problem was that was a party going on next door. My boyfriend and I were leaving for a few hours and were hoping that they would've been done by the time we got back and of course they weren't and this was at four in the morning. He went next door and ask them to keep it down and they did. Other than that I wouldn't mind staying there again. But keep in mind that they do charge a resort fee of 18$ and the coffee is 4$ in the room along with the water.
2	We stayed here over the Labor day weekend as standard rooms in the hotel were available at a reasonable rate even at the last minute, reasons for which would become clear when we actually reached the place - its pretty beat up, dilapidated and run down.Checking in took under 10 minutes even though there were tons of people waiting before us so not much to complain here.The hotel is a good 12-15 minute leisurely walk to the strip from the hotel with no restaurants immediately outside the hotel apart from an ampm store attached to an arco gas station. We ended up eating most of our meals at the food court of the Riviera which is located on Las Vegas Blvd - this turned out to be a pain with about 20 minutes of walking as we could not take our car due to lack of parking on the strip.The self service car park is not directly attached to the hotel but is a good 3-5 minutes walk from the hotel itself which was a pain. The hotel itself is very run down. Right of the bat the lever for the shower in the room was locked so tight that we were not able to get it to budge and had to call someone from maintenance to get it to move. Then it would not turn off and water kept dripping into the tub making a noise the entire day. When we complained, maintenance came and just tightened the lever back to the tight position rather than fixing the problem which meant another call to maintenance when we wanted to use the shower. Water in the sink would not drain normally and took almost 45 minutes to seep out slowly which gave a gross feeling. The air conditioning unit did not have a proper thermostat for control but only allowed for setting the fan speed from low to high which had no effect on the cooling it was hot during the day and chilled during night. On the second day all of a sudden the room refused to let me in with my key and then it was a treck down to the reception to get another key and guess what that also refused to work so it was back down to the reception where they simply apologized and gave me another key, but by now I knew what to expect and refused to budge till they called security to escort me to the room as it was my third trip. The people at the reception did not think that was required but I stood my ground - finally I'm sure you would have guessed by now that the key did not work even the third time and security had to override the lock to let me in and call the locksmith to have that fixed. So overall was not a very comfortable stay. Cleaning is done between 9-10 a.m. and if you skip that you can get a $8 coupon to be used in the casino or for some food but you need to call and let them know the night before. They provide water bottles and coffee in the room ($4 each) which I liked specially the coffee as there is no place to grab that near the hotel early in the morning.Overall this would not be my first choice when selecting a hotel near the strip and I would prefer the Stratosphere, but it was not terrible considering that we got it at the last minute during peak time at a reasonable rate.
3	Checked in June 14th 2013 about 730, check in process was fast, smooth, and the girl who checked us in gave us 10 free drink coupons for the bar. I reserved 2 rooms, with 2 beds in each room, (we were there for a bachelor party) we got joining rooms, rooms were clean, comfortable beds, nice little sitting area. The bathroom was old, the shower sucks. But who cares, for 49 bucks a night. The sports book is awesome. The cafe is open all night, makes good food. Over all I was happy with LVH. Don't worry about strip location. The monorail is right in the hotel, drops you right at MGM. Ill be back to LvH. Don't listen to all the bad reviews. I liked the hotel.
3	Very clean, which is a BIG plus in my book.  The room has no wow factor, was a decent size and the bed was very comfy.  But well worth the $40.  They had two water bottles waiting to great you in the room at a cost of $5 each and the coffee is not free either it was $4.75.
1	The worst rooms in Vegas for sure! Don't stay here, not worth even the discounted price.
2	I came here with low expectations because of the yelp reviews. This place isn't bad if you just need a place to sleep and you're out for most of the day. If you're looking for a nice place to stay in and relax, I'd consider elsewhere.We booked here because it  was one of the cheaper and better options for EDC. It's off the strip but we wouldn't be spending much time on the strip anyway. My bf did the $20 bill trick and it got us a room with a King sized bed in the East Tower with a view of the gold course and the Stratosphere. I think the rooms in the East Tower are the newer rooms which was technically the deal that we got for the $20. The room is clean and the furniture is sufficient for what we needed to rest. The hotel has an option that if you didn't want housekeeping, they can credit you $8.00 to spend in the hotel stores or $10.00 for slot play. Not a bad deal for going green.The only set backs of the place is that the walls are pretty thin. We heard people talking and people could hear us talking. The guy next door was playing some pretty loud music but good thing it was when we were about to leave. The faucet for the shower didn't work and would not stay in place. It was either really hot water or really cold water. The hotel itself has a coffee shop and a Pizza Hut, but everything else is pretty dead. There is an empty casino hall and a small are for slot machines. Gambling doesn't seem to be the big thing here. Most people who were staying here were going to the conventions in the Las Vegas Convention Center. Not poppin for the party people.
5	Wow! What an awful experience! My friend and I checked in to lvh and regretted every minute , besides Benihana . The staff was so rude and made us wait everywhere . You can tell they do not have enough staff. At the bell desk we waited 10 min before anyone even acknowledged us. There was dust all over our room. It was so gross! The manager was even rude when we complained. Never again!
3	1969. That is when the hotel was built and it shows it. It was orginally a Hilton. Maintenance issues abound for this older hotel despite the management and staff slowly renovating the place one floor at a time. My bride and I had to deal with a rattling AC vent and a loud nocturnal thumping that took the staff four days to locate and repair. The staff tries to be hospitable but the equipment problems are tough to overcome. Want a challenge? Ask for a non smoking room. We made our reservation two months prior to arrival but at checkin the desk had to scratch around to find a non-smoking room. They were kind to upgrade the room for us but the person next to us was a smoker which resulted in  the smoke seeping under the adjoining door.
1	Horrible. Terrible. Awful.Mostly how rude the staff is.... Literally every person we came into contact with (besides Keith at check in) was overly rude and snippy. Oh I'm sorry, you work in the service industry!! The room was "ok" but dirrrrrrrty. Hair all over the bathroom, very dusty. Oh and the maid came barging in.... Knocked briefly and then just opened right up before I could get to the door..... The service is just so subpar. Bartender at the pool messed up my drink several times and was scatterbrained... Waitress at the pool barely spoke English, pool had no one in it yet was murky and gross. Uck.I'd never ever stay there again, ever.
3	Affordable. Access to the monorail. Great conference accommodations. Room service was expensive (of course) but fairly quick. Not bad....
1	I've stayed in this hotel numerous times, including when it was known as the Las Vegas Hilton.  It has always been a good deal.  I made a booking for a week's stay through Hotwire starting July 1st.  This represented a great deal at $32.00 a night.  It was good until I checked in and was slapped with a $20.00 a night resort fee.  The savings making the booking through Hotwire evaporated just like that.  Also one star for Hotwire.
2	Overall not great. Although this was the home of Elvis's LV residency, this is more of a family place today. The pool is dirty, and while staying on the 26th floor I had to go down 2 flights of stairs to get ice (my floor and the one below did not have working ice machines). The maids barged in each morning of our stay even with the do not disturb sign in the door. And they didn't even supply us with hand soap for the bathroom which I thought was odd.
4	I am currently having a great experience here at the LVH.  I got a really reasonable rate from Olotels.com from the Travigo website.  The check-in service was fast and simple.  Ria was the person who helped me, she did a wonderful job answering my questions.While I'm not a hotel snob by any means, I got a much nicer room than I expected with plenty of room for activities ala Step Brothers.The only negative is the casino itself which has weird minimum procedures for some table games.  For example, during the day if you walk up when craps is $5 minimum, you can play $5 for the rest of the time you're at the table, when everyone else is at 10 minimum.  Additionally, late night they change the two craps tables to 15 and 25 which is outrageous for a non-4 or 5 star place in LV.
1	JUST SAY NO!  Where do I start?  Had to stay here for a conference June 29-July 3rd.  Although I was impressed with the size of my room, here's the scoop:1. LVH charges you for EVERYTHING!-$20.00/per day Resort Fee (definitely NOT worth it!)-$13.99/ per day to use Wifi  (Really?!?!)-$1.00/ per local call made from the hotel room phone-$4.00 charge for using in-room coffee & maker-$4.00 charge for using in-room bottled water-$3.00 charge at the concierge if you would like to print out your boarding pass*However, you DO get an $8-$10 credit per day for each day you call the front desk to forego housekeeping services as a reward for "Going Green".I fear the future may involve charging their guests for each toilet flush as well....laugh now, but wait for it! o_O2.  Hotel is DIRTY, dingy and dated (think cheap 80's brass & glass decor and orange/yellow 70's furniture).  Walls in hotel room stained, hair from previous occupant left in the bathroom and tub, pool and lounge area disorganized and sketchy looking.  Wallpaper peeling off walls in the Conference Center, mismatched and dated furniture, HIDEOUS carpet, yellow & dingy sparkly things (from the smoke) hanging over the casino, dusty and dirty throughout.  Everything including the "non-smoking" rooms smelled like OLD STALE smoke.  3. In room T.V. is a joke -they charge for everything and what few "free channels" they offer are pathetic! 4.  RUDE staff everywhere -not just staff who work at the hotel, but I had the misfortune of witnessing staff bickering and fighting with each other IN FRONT of customers at both the Paradise Cafe (waitress upset with hostess for not seating diners in her section and came up demanding, "Can I get a party?  You seatin' people, an' I been off break for 15 minutes and I ain't got no party yet.  Can I get a party?!"  Then waitress complains to other waitress about hostess, and hostess gossips to other hostess about that waitress); cranky staff at Blyss boutique (cashier chewed out her coworker in front of me for 5-full minutes because her coworker was late to work and the cashier was going to miss her bus...)  5. Restaurants:  *****TJ's Steakhouse -Delicious!  Pricy, but worth it.  Definitely the only "good meal" I had while staying here! :)***Benihana's -Overpriced and the food was bland and surprisingly boring.  *Paradise Cafe -OMG, this was the only place open most of the time, so one of my only options to eat.  Definitely NOT good!  Greasy breakfast, over dressed Thai Chicken salad, and major egos and attitudes between all of the waitstaff.  They also automatically charge 18% gratuity to all orders "To Go", so make sure you keep that in mind before you start to add an extra tip on the tip line.  If you aren't paying attention, you could end up overtipping them (and the service is definitely not worth it!)Overall, I pretty much hated the entire experience and would not ever come here again for a conference!
4	Ok James Bond fans, here it is The Whyte House from Diamonds are Forever! This is the hotel used for the exterior shots. When the film was shot it was owned by Howard Hughes (a personal friend of film producer Cubby Broccoli) and it was called The International. Check it out, just don't go climbing around the penthouse.  Also if you follow me (Jay Amernick) on Social Cam I have a James Bond Diamonds Are Forever Video Location Guide! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Great stay in suite. And awesome rate. Won big here. no strip drama close monorail. What else do u need.
2	My husband and I are residence here in Las Vegas and frequent The casinos every other week to do what we call our date night staycations. Overall experience wasn't bad and wasn't good. It was mediocre. The staff was hard to find. Seemed like everyone who worked at the place were extremely unhappy, stressed and not very helpful. The layout was confusing. The pool is located on the 3rd floor, small and gets crowed really quickly to where the see thru water becomes cloudy. Most of the dinning areas are tucked back towards the East exit areas and were pricey except for a cantina owned by Vince Neil from Motley Crue. If you're looking for a decent room with crappy serice, dinning experiences that are pricey and aren't really into the gambling thing then this would be the ideal location. Did I mention they charge for everything in the room including coffee. Come on LVH really? $3.50 for a cup of coffee for a minimum of $40 a night room rate, no free coffee?
1	This is the worst hotel ever. I would not even give it 1 star. I stayed at the LVH because it's next to the convention center. I stayed at this hotel 2 years ago when it was a Hilton, it was fine then. If you like showering in a swamp then this is for you. The water in the tub and sink do not drain. Fun to watch all the cool things in the water that are not yours. If you call and report it. NO one cares. Spend the $$$$$$$ and pick another hotel.
3	What everyone else said...Mediocre and/or rude service. Room uncleaned at check in. Casino small and dirty. Horribly slow cocktails. Pool looked fun even though we didn't make it in. We paid about 50/night and you get what you pay for....monorail was convenient...probably one of the few hotels where it makes sense to use it...will stay there again if we get a great deal but won't be excited about it.
4	So I'm not going to lie, after seeing quite a few negative reviews for LVH I was a bit hesitant to stay here, but my friends and I happened to get a pretty spiffy deal off of  Expedia. That being said I actually this hotel wasn't bad at all!First off the food choices were great. On the weekends they have Champagne Brunch's, under $20 for all the delicious food you can eat and endless mimosas can you say winning? Also tried their new burger joint, the burgers were great and so where the crab cakes and nachos.  Really enjoyed the pool was actually pretty nice, wasn't your packed out Vegas pool party but a great place relax and take in the sun. The also had a happy hour with some pretty good drink specials which is always a plusAs for the room, I thought it was pretty nice, plenty of space, comfortable beds and a gorgeous view! One thing I really enjoyed about this hotel was that it was smoke free which was great as a non smoker when roaming around the hotel.The one disadvantage was its is not walking distance to the strip (Expedia said it was), so we did have to take a cab or the monorail to get to all the Vegas action. None the less still had a great stay here, didn't think it was bad at all.
4	We booked two rooms in June because of a great deal from Benihana, one of our favorite restaurants.  For some reason, it was the only hotel on or near the strip that had rooms under $90 a night so my family of five booked two nights and my brother's family of 4 booked for four nights.  Parking was free and abundant.  The pool area was clean and nice.  They had 2 for 1 specials for happy hour and I enjoyed the refreshing misters.The rooms were decently cleaned but in need of updating and new carpeting.  I spoke with someone at the front desk who told me that that the new owners were putting money into the property and our rooms had not been updated yet.  Oh, well.  The beds were comfortable and the room a decent size.  A roll away bed was brought up when requested and it was very comfy which was a nice surprise since I was the one who used it.  Whenever we talked with the staff, we were treated politely and professionally.Benihana was wonderful and delicious.  The waitress told us that it was the largest in the world.  The buffet breakfast the next day was abundant and reasonably priced at $19.99 for adults and $9.99 for kids.I would stay here again and hope to get an updated room.
2	well, wifi is not for free. Food sucks. Far from downtown but you can take either monorail or bus.
1	1.Gave away our rooms cause "we came too late" (like what the heck?! It was before 8!) We paid for the rooms , why the hell would u give it away?2. Promised room change 4 different times and each time some issue  comes up(always ended with cancellation of promised room changes). The 3rd time I even spoke to a manager who assured me we got the rooms and than the night(she said we can be back no later than 9pm, it was 6) when we go back to get ready for the room changed it was cancelled!! Are you that dumb that u don't no the difference between a hold and a cancellation?! So finally on the last night of our trip we were able to get the rooms that we were suppose to get on the first night and one of the rooms had a AC malfunction so we had to switch Into another room. It takes 4 people, 2 days and 3 room changes to get the rooms we originally wanted. If they didn't give away our rooms the first place none of this would have happened. Ruined our whole trip having to wait for the stupid room changes that w ere promised but not fulfilled until the final night.3. Some of the Staff that I spoke with had attitude problems as if we were the ones that caused the issue(I was friendly towards them ). They were in such a hurry to hang up( I think this is why I had 3 cancellations on the room changes that were promised/only one had good attitude).4. The buffet they ended up comping us (on our 3rd cancellation of the room change) had horrible food, all the meat and steak were bone hard and the cocktail server gave me an attitude because I asked him something regarding the drink. Edit: *I also wanted to add that the rooms that we were forced into on our first night had broken TVs in both rooms and a weird stain in one of the couches. * the maid barges into your room no matter if u have a donotdisturb sign or not.* maid knocks on your door at early in the morning on a Sunday to ask if we need our rooms cleaned.( " like what the hell?!  I'm trying to sleep here and checkouts not until 12).Overall the whole experience was horrible , they are no different than places like motel 6. they actually make motel 6 look good; motel six gives you the room you paid for and won't barge into ur rooms.
3	I'm very no frills with my hotels...I'm here to sleep (as little as possible), shower, and get ready...as long as my room is clean and mold & bedbug free I'm good. After all I'm paying like $40 a night so I'm not expecting opulence. I always wear flip flops so the carpet wasn't an issue. Don't expect to find the beautiful people of Vegas here... Don't expect a poolside night time party (the pool closes at 8pm), don't expect free in room coffee cause the kcups are for sale...unless you bring your own (hint hint)...but do expect a decent older hotel for a cheap rate.
2	I'm going to preface this review by saying that I stayed here for a few nights after receiving a special offer for a $22/night rate (plus an $18/night "resort fee" which gets you wifi--for one device--and not a whole heck of a lot else), so consider that the entire trip was done somewhat on the cheap when reading the following.In terms of the condition of the hotel and the rooms, it's certainly not dirty or decrepit by any means, but it is aging and is overall rather bland--the owners' unwillingness to put any money into renovations is readily apparent. Look around and you'll see all kinds of remnants--there's an "M" festooning the storefront of the cubic zirconium shop, a relic from Barry Manilow's stint here. And the "Spacequest Casino" and surrounding areas, including the massive entrance to the now-defunct Star Trek Experience, have largely remained as-is, which means there is a huge inexplicably space-themed casino just off the lobby. Oh, and you can still see the enormous Star Trek insignia on the outside of the building when taking the Monorail elsewhere.We encountered a number of niggling problems over the course of our stay. We checked in at approximately 11:30 PM on a Sunday night and were told at checkin that room service was 24 hours; indeed, even the screens in the lobby, as well as the menu in the guest directory, all seemed to confirm this. However, a phone call to room service revealed that it in fact ends at midnight. What's more, an attempt to order delivery (via the GrubHub website) resulted in a phone call from the GrubHub management telling us that they can't send delivery drivers to the LVH because (and this is a direct quote) "last time they called the cops on the driver." Apparently the hotel owners are so cheap and money-grubbing that they would rather you starve than order delivery--that, or resort to the late-night "deli" off the sports book which served little more than deep-fried crap from Sysco.The nickel-and-diming doesn't stop there. Want to make a coffee in-room? That'll be $3.50, please. Those "complimentary" bottles of water? $4 each (though, in fairness, they only charged us $4 despite the fact that we drank about three of them each over the course of our stay). Want to use the landline with your calling card? That'll be $1. Oh, and want to use the sauna/steam room? That's $20 (per day), on top of your resort fee.Housekeeping doesn't seem to give a crap about whether or not you're asleep. Starting at 7 AM on Monday, we heard extremely loud Spanish virtually non-stop through the wall for well over an hour as the housekeepers chatted away with each other while cleaning adjacent rooms. It wasn't exactly something you'd care to wake up to involuntarily.As far as creature comforts go, the water pressure in the showers is ridiculously pathetic--indeed, Larry King's urine stream is likely more forceful than the dinky trickle that issued forth from the shower head. Additionally, the water valve in our bathroom wouldn't completely shut off, resulting in dripping that, while not particularly annoying, did seem wasteful. What's more, the "hot" water was really on the low side of warm; I was able to get truly hot water only on the last day of our stay.Those are probably the main issues that we encountered. Again, I'm not going to completely pan the place--the beds are comfortable, the rooms are serviceable (especially if you can snag an upgrade), the in-room A/C is ice-cold, the elevators are fast, and the promo rates can't be beat, plus the direct connection to the monorail makes it a snap to get to the Strip. If budget is a concern, this place isn't a terrible choice if you don't mind taking a few lumps.
1	Worst Hotel stay ever. Front office staff is beyond rude. Seems like they hired a bunch of Vegas rejects here whose job is to mock hotel guests and give them wrong info. They act as if they are doing us a favor by talking to us. The hotel stinks of Pizza, no restrictions on smoking in the guest room corridors..They even don't bother changing sheets and the staff just barges into your room.The place gave me the creeps. I wish I could go back in time and cancel my booking with them.If you see "Catherine" working at the Front Desk- WALK AWAY. She is the rudest hotel employee. Frankly a big B&#*@*!
2	rude staff except the guy at check in. We opted for go-green (no maid service) . we were supposed to get the $8 credit for that. We never got that and the lady on the phone was rude rude...absolutely ridiculous. old hotel..resort fees is a joke.
4	Nice hotel for a great price. Ask to be in the renovated tower when checking in because not all rooms are fully renovated!
2	we are staying in the club room which is about 121 a night, discounted price for a group rate. we get to access the club room which is complimentary continental breakfast, snacks, wine & cheese. This is the ONLY perk we got. The cafe was closed on Monday and there isn't anything open late to eat at, we had to go to the RIVIERA which was down the street to get some yummy pub food, btw they had several restaurants open late/24 hours. IF i hadn't paid for the entire week in advanced, I would have changed hotel rooms. We had to pay 13.99/day for internet service and we were here for a WEEK!!!!. In room coffee was $3.50/cup and the water bottle were $4/ bottle which we didn't touch. We brought in a cooler which was a great idea because our fridge was not working. I haven't checked out the ice machine, wondering if they charge for that too. Checking in was horrible, the front desk staff was rude, her name  started with an E and she didn't smile 1 time. I worked for a front desk staff in a Casino before when I was younger and I had a smile stamped on my face no matter what. Don't go here. Unless you want to be right next to the convention center or Golf, it's not worth it.
3	This place wasn't bad. Loved the fact that the monorail stop was at this hotel. The staff was always really nice. Our room wasn't too bad either the bed kind of made my back ache. The one thing that I wish was a little better was their Security because on our last night we gambled at this casino and there was a man that claimed he just got out of jail from 23 years and he started begging us for money so he could have a nights stay. When we told him no sorry we cant help you out he just stayed by us waited a good 5 minutes then left. How scary!! I mean where was the security?? The next morning as we checked out and was waited for our ride in the lounge area by the other slot machines, I notice that man that was begging us for money last night was still in the hotel begging people for money in the same clothes from last night I knew he wasn't gambling because i'd watch him ask the waitress for a drink and sat on a machine and pretended to play but didn't put any money in. That just shows that the security wasn't as tight as it should be.
2	Well, not what to say about this place. Last time I was here it was the hilton. Nothing really spiffy about it. just a regular casino.It somewhat depresses me to see the remnants of the "star trek" the experience structure is still around.
4	Ok, first off this review is written after I have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions. Probably 4 or 5 times. I got a great rate for a standard room on getaroom.com. When I checked in I was given the keys to room 2109 in the Central Tower, which is what I paid for, standard. When I got up to my room, I was thoroughly disappointed, It was one of the older rooms that had not been upgraded. I tried to talk myself into toughing it out, but after about 15 minutes I decided I couldn't take it. I went back downstairs and got an upgraded room for an additional $ 20 a night and it was well worth it. The upgraded rooms are par for the course for a Las Vegas 4 star hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean and it has a number of restaurants to choose from. It's only a block away from the Strip and is a very comfortable stay. When you book, avoid booking just a standard room and if you get room 2109 in the Central Tower immediately ask for an upgraded room. If you don't, you might seriously consider suicide, lol.
2	Not on the strip but fairly cheap. HUGE casino space but mostly empty. Barely any table games. Pool is just OK. Not much going on at the hotel. Monorail was closed down when we were there so had to take a taxi each time to the strip, not fun. OK room for the price but location and lack of things to do at the actual hotel makes it not very appealing.
4	My husband and I came here recently and thought that is was a great deal and loved the location off the strip. I will preface this by saying we were here for our friend's bachelor and bachelorette parties and we both do not like Vegas and do not come here, if we can avoid it!  I am surprised at some of the poor reviews. I am guessing those people are expecting the Mirage or the Palazzo?? Our room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the pool was great. This is definitely the type of hotel I remember coming to as a child, before Vegas turned into the the mayhem it is today. For the price and location, I thought it was a great deal. In addition, the monorail has a stop in the hotel. This is a great, less expensive way to get to the strip. We really liked that it didn't feel like the disaster we find on the strip!
1	This place is a run-down, neglected DUMP. Staff was not friendly at all, and my room smells like raw sewage, but I don't want to wait another HOUR in the check-in line.
1	Hands down the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in Las Vegas. So bad, I had to switch to another hotel. Here is why:-I got some kind of bug bites from the bed. - No hot water in the shower- Walls are so thin I heard every sexual detail from my neighbors next door, including the spanking.- My coworker had a used bar of soap in her bathroom when she arrived- Her bed looked slightly usedWe picked this hotel because it was walking distance to the Las Vegas Convention center, but trust me - it isn't worth saving the time or money.Booked a room a Aria and it was a million times better.
1	Let me preface this negative review by saying while on vacation, I'm there for the scene and the sites, NOT the hotel ... therefore, I'm totally NOT a "hotel snob". But, I feel I must do my duty to protect other budget vacationers from having my same experience at this hotel. My family and I stayed for one night at the LVH in July 2013 and I have to say it is the ABSOLUTE WORST!!!The negatives:(1) stained carpet(2) vertical green florescent line on the tv(3) stinky bathroom(4) bathroom floor was WET when we first entered our room(5) dirty tile grout in the shower (6) loose shower tiles on the brink of falling(7) and here's the worst of it ... in the shower, the hot water would only work if it was coming out the bottom faucet. If you turned on the shower head, the water immediately turned cold. What the hell is that all about???The positives:(1) Really cheap ... $29 plus an $18 resort fee. (2) When I called to complain about our room conditions, the hotel rep comp'd us the night's stay. So, we only had to pay the resort fee.(3) Very nice hotel workers. (Maybe they know that the hotel sucks and are totally nice to make up for the garbage hotel they work in.)Most of the time I get pretty great things on the cheap. But, this truly was the EPITOME of "you get what you pay for". L.V.H. - Never again!!!
1	Good valet service.  Front desk service is horrific...especially a person named Del who argues and hangs up the phone on guests.  Bell service is terrible, they lost my bag.  It is unbelievable to me how a bag can be lost from the car to the room.  However, the Raiding the Rock Vault Show is awesome, the LVH is lucky to have it.  Having stayed there two times now, the rooms are very gross, and I had the nicest suite you could have.  The carpet is so disgusting....they brought it over from a hotel across the street.  I was told from an employee who has been there for 30 years.  They are owned right now by Goldman Sachs, and are hoping that someone buys them.  The furniture is old and disgusting.  I wonder how this hotel stays alive with all the new, shiny hotels that are available to stay at.  And the employees are not even nice.  If they were, it might make up for the poor hotel conditions.
3	I liked this place!  I got one of the 'older' renovated rooms.... Loved it, clean, comfortable and roomy.  The only thing I didn't care for was the parking situation, Long walk through hotel unless you want to wait for valet.  Food in cafe was good though overpriced.
2	Sorry to say this place is taking a nose dive. The quality of rooms are subpar, the gaming is limited, and their buffet was awful. Sadly, LVH is starting to match the Riveria in quality.Don't get me started about the moody staff . . .
5	had an awesome time all 3 nights love the convenience of having a coffee shop near the elevators loved the pool stayed for free can i ask for something better than than that no will i be back yes free or not free i will be back
4	I dont know where all these bad reviews are coming from. I stayed here for 2 nights in a reg room during the weekend and it was perfect. Spacious, clean, carpet was not stained like a lot of you state. Bed was super comfy. Only complaint was the cable wasnt working on the flat screen, so we called the front desk and they sent someone right away to fix it. He was very nice and fixed the problem right away. Every staff member I encountered was very nice. The pool was cool. Not your typical Vegas pool party type, but the crowd was mostly adults and the DJ played a little bit of everything. Cant beat 2 for 1 drinks at the bar either. Didnt win any money on ANY slots or Black Jack ha so that sucked. Oh and if you are a Motley Crue head like myself Vince Neil has a mexican Cantina with 2 happy hours daily that was awesome. So the people giving bad reviews I take it are snobby, never satisfied type people because I loved this place :)
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!! ., they charge a resort fee you when you check in and when you checkout.. Room service was horrible. Blood stains on the sheets, floor and bathroom!! They never cleaned our rooms!!! Mangers were not professional!!!
3	This place was okay for the price. If you need a cheap descent spot to stay at in Vegas this pace is not bad. The bed was comfy the room was fine it was okay nothing spectacular. I got a deal off groupon so it wasn't bad. But I ended up getting appendicitis and not being able to stay at the hotel at all. Luckily groupon gave me my money back. It's a nice lil spot and not far from the strip. What is convenient was monorail that took you any where on the strip. But yea cheap okay hotel wasn't bad. You get what your paying for.
4	I have to up my review of the LVH by one star because they have moved the statue of Elvis back into the entrance of the hotel/casino near where it used to be for years before they moved it outside.  I always enjoy watching tourists and now it's a bit easier with the statue in casino entrance.I hope the move was not for the month of August when there's a lot of Elvis interest because of his death in August.  The statue deserves to be in the LVH where he performed so many times.Elvis hasn't left the building!
2	Pros: Cheap, decent sports book, monorail stops here.Cons: Rooms are what you pay for. Pillows are terrible. Rooms starting to show wear. Off the strip, staff appear to hate their jobs, pool isn't heated, a ton of kids (could be pro or con depending on you), but for a couple in their mid 20's, the pool was a circus. Subpar gaming. Lack of any good restaurants. My room had a keurig without any k-cups. You can purchase single k cups in the lobby for an absurd amount of money. And you are given two styrofoam coffee cups wrapped in plastic. They will charge you $3.50 for each cup that goes missing. $4 water bottles in room (typical). Oh and although its cheap, this place has $18 resort fees per day and you are charged a deposit for each night. For example, I'm here 3 nights and I was charged $90 in deposits alone. This is Because they bank on you taking the water, coffee, use the Internet, and need to be able to nickel and dime you. Be aware. I won't be staying here again. It's definitely worth a little extra to stay at a nice hotel, even on the strip.
1	I got a deal through Groupon, so I thought, "why not?". Going during the height of convention season, it was close to the Convention Center and the price was right. When I went to check in, I was immediately asked if I wanted an upgrade to a newer room for an additional $20 a night. No thanks. But I would like a room with 1 king bed as requested, not 2 beds as they offered. No problem! When I checked into my room, there were 2 beds... not a big deal - at least I had another bed option. One was so lumpy, I can only imagine that it had one of those egg crate foam mattress toppers - you know, to sop up all those bodily fluids. I opted for the one that had a huge lump in the middle, making it an uphill battle to stay in bed all night. Now, I've seen those news shows that go into a hotel room with a black light and it illuminates all the nasties... so I never go barefoot in a hotel room. Ever. Good thing, because walking across the stained carpet, my shoes stuck to the surface in some areas. Ewww!!! The light bulb was burned out in the only lamp in the room. The bathmat, while most likely clean, had a huge black stain on it, which in my opinion, warrants a replacement. The bathroom,  overall, felt a tad dirty. Grout needs replacing, the fixtures in the shower were loose, the shower curtain had seen better days. And what was that yellow stain behind the door? Hopefully I'll never know... If they were giving away rooms, I'd never stay here again. The only plus was that the customer service woman refunded my "resort" fee (I used quotes, because really, can we call this place a resort?) The internet never worked in my room and that's really the only thing the fee was good for for me. Funny enough, there was a man checking out with the same complaints (down to the burned out lightbulb and filth). So I wasn't the only one. Back to the MGM for me!
1	First time in vegas and this room was shit. Stained carpet and the water in the shower wouldn't go down the drain. I HAD TO PULL ALL THE HAIR OUT WITH A PEN!!! YUCK!! No smoking room still had the smoker smell. Yes you truly get what u pay for here!
4	Don't fool yourself, this is a decent hotel that usually comes at a cheap price. Benefits: low price, on the monorail, excellent happy hour specials, decent room, comfy beds, clean. Downfalls: low price can mean some unsavory guests, resort fees don't make much sense since it is not a resort, small pool, small bathroms. We always stay here when we're in town, because we can get good happy hour specials (especially the appetizers and margaritas at Vince Neil's cantina) and the hotel has easy access to the monorail. Frankly, we aren't in Vegas for the hotel room. Last time we were there, they didn't have a resort fee ($18-20 a day), so maybe they are going to do some renovations to make the resort fee make sense.
1	One plus to this place was if you deny housekeeping you get a $15 credit to your room. It can't be the day you're checking in/out and you do have to call and let them know.Did not like this hotel at all. They charge for EVERYTHING. You would think coffee of all things, but no. There's a Keurig and next to that are 2 cups wrapped in plastic with the kcup inside I assume, $3.50. Water on the dresser was $4 I believe, seems free at first but read the note fully to not be fooled! I had the upgraded room with a fridge and pillow top mattresses in the north tower. I'm not sure if it's renovated since this used to be a Hilton, but I'm not impressed. Paint looks terrible in the restroom, scuff marks on the walls, there's a knob missing on one of the drawers. What really got me was the water pressure in the shower though, just sorry.With the required resort fee you have to pay you're able to connect one device to the wifi. I had my wii with me and was ready to watch some Netflix. It didn't work so I called tech support & didn't get anywhere. I wouldn't be surprised if there's some kind of limit on how much capacity your device can have so you can connect to the wifi. Wanted to go for a swim on a Saturday evening, pool closes at 8pm!! Plus this hotel isn't as close as i thought it was to the strip. It's a complete bore here! Where's the attraction like the hotels on the strip? Any who, customer service was great, but I've had better experiences at a Marriott and won't be back!
1	Worst hotel staff ever. Very rude and wouldn't explain anything. I can't believe they can be hired for working with people. Tiffany the girl at the check in counter was awful, and Craig Maulk the manager was worse. They called me a liar and asked to look at my bank account without ever saying what the problem was or explaining. Rude rude rude.The toilet didn't flush  and the water pressure was so low that it took 30 minutes to shower. The tile grout looks as if it had never been cleaned and to make that worse it's white tile! I woke up with hair on me and since it was blonde it was definitely not mine. Pool was so small and freezing. The elevators didn't work.  Awful hotel save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else.
5	I stayed at this hotel on Thursday 8/29/13 through Monday 9/2/13 for the Labor Day Weekend. Honestly, this is one of the best hotels you can stay in Las Vegas for a reasonably low price. My rates for thurs $24, fri $44, sat $100, sun $36, my total price including resort fees is less than $300 for four nights and five days. That's an awesome deal for me. PROS:-Parking garage is the best in Las Vegas, it's not like a crazy busy maze full of crazy taxi drivers and drunk tourists who go 50 miles an hour in the garage. It's very spacious, quiet,  and empty! You can get parking space next to the elevators and walkways easily. My room # 23-110 North Tower is right next to the garage. From my room, I can get to the garage in less than 5 minutes.-The pool area is big and spacious, it has the cabanas and a DJ, you can request songs for him to play and he'll play them right away, because it's just the right amount of people, not overly crowded, which means he can cater to all your favorite songs. I felt like a VIP.-The room I stayed in was nice and clean, the people that say it's a horrible hotel must be those uppity types. TIP: ASK FOR THE NORTH TOWER, these are the newly upgraded rooms.-If you stay at the North tower, the garage is a straight line, you don't even have to go through the casino dragging your luggage like a lost puppy. -You receive to 2 for 1 tickets to Raiding the Rock Vault for staying at the hotel, it's honestly one of the best shows in Vegas compared to when I saw the Cirque Soleil Beatles on Saturday and paid $210 for 2 tickets and was completely bored throughout the show. Rock the Vault plays  for 2 hours straight playing live rock n roll songs from the 60's through the 90s, the bands made up of guys from quiet riot, guns n roses, foreigner, and so on.-You can lounge out at the defunct Star Trek space lounge, it's cool because no one there and you can take pictures of the bar and spacy lounges and sleep there it's so quiet and cold. Perfect on a hot day outside.-The monorail is on the hotel, you can use it to sight see Vegas and tour the strip north to south.CONS:-The shower head is place a bit low for my height and I'm not tall (5'11), you kinda have to bend to shower your hair.-The reception on the tv is not HD but just standard.Definitely my favorite hotel to stay cheap in Vegas and get great value for your money.
4	It is a little off the strip,  but they provide a monorail service from LVH to the strip for only $5 (that runs daily, every 7 minutes). It isn't the nicest Vegas has to offer, but the price point is spot on/great value. If you're on a budget, then this is a place I'd recommend.
2	The hotel itself is all right. Old but kept up pretty well. The thing that frustrates me is the hidden fees. Resort fee is stiff and all you get for it is a cheesy coupon book that is mostly useless because it specifies what you must buy in each of its venues. WIFI is included in most of the places I have stayed in that charge a resort fee as well as free inroom coffee. Not here. WIFI is outrageously expensive and inroom coffee is charged by the cup (more than Startbucks). Plus side,  bed is comfortable. Monorail right outside the front door that is an easy ride to the strip.Staff was friendly and helpful
2	Meh. Stayed here because we won the Priceline lottery (I use "won" very loosely here.) I won't complain about the location, even though it was a long walk to the strip, because I stupidly set the Priceline parameters to include this section.The good - we had somewhere to sleep, relatively cheap, with a casino and drinks and food all downstairs. The guy at the front desk informed us upon arrival that we were near an elevator and moved us to a larger suite that was at the end of a hall for no charge.The bad - Resort fee. I know these are common in Vegas, but usually you get something worthwhile for them. Nope. Just a coupon book for overpriced restaurants located in the hotel.Air conditioner leak in our room. Huge lake in the kitchen that we kept slipping in.The ugly - trash behind our bed. Shampoo and conditioner bottles obviously reused and half-full (half-empty?)May not rely on Priceline for our next trip. Would not have stayed here if I read the reviews first.
1	LVH hotel not deserving any stare at all but I can say please don't go there before  you see my tip in yelp that hotel have no customer service at all and no manner this is my worse experience  I ever have in hotel in Vegas  that one stare is not by-choosing it just to post I have to pic star it's not write but thx any way
3	It's an OKAY hotel, I've been staying here since I was about 10 with my family they are practically VIP here everyone knows them, they used to be a lot better, the VIP lounge used to have soft drinks now they don't, the rooms used to be able to get like toothpaste and like hair brushes, shavers , shaving cream all that stuff and they stopped like they are trying to save money or something but its those little things that make you feel better about the hotel your staying in lol , the rooms, are not motel and are not fancy palazzo or anything the beds are comfortable, the shower is definitely motel, takes an hour to shower because water barely comes out, I believe this hotel has major potential to be better just a little touch ups here and there. All the restaurants are good no complaint there ;) other than that good hotel, not wow!
4	My GF and I like this hotel because it's cheap, casino has good games and has a variety of restaurants. We have stayed here twice because of groupons we bought. Decent size rooms and clean but too bad the standard rooms don't have fridges. It's near the strip behind the Wynn and Encore so the location isn't bad but if you want to stay right on the strip this isn't the place for you.
4	Like a hotel & casino that doesn't smell overwhelmingly like cigarettes and air freshener? then stay at the LVH! Walk through the casino floor without wanting to vomit. Stayed here recently and I'm glad I did. I walked through a lot of hotel casino's of around the same price range and all the other places reeked!!! Its nauseating how disgusting the other places smelled! and they looked drab, old and sad! But the LVH looked fresh, spacious, clean, modern! It's about a mile walk to the main main area of the strip! but as a New Yorker 1 mile is nothing! so my chum and i walked back and forth constantly. But if you want to walk from the hotel and walk the whole strip to the end that is 3.5 miles while we also walked a couple of times! Taxi's are available everywhere for those too tipsy to walk back. Surprisingly the taxi's were very affordable unlike everything else in Las Vegas.Anyway, the hotel is pretty huge! they have 5 wings I believe. I was in the central wing and i was in a standard king room. King bed, tv, drapes that open and close with a switch, a whirlpool tub that felt amazing! and it was pretty spacious. I loved having the room all to myself! I didn't feel unsafe at all in this hotel. If you can ask for room 2349! you wont regret it.There's loads of restaurants in the hotel. Oh, a huge plus is that if you choose NOT to have your room cleaned in the morning then they give you a 9 dollar voucher that you can use in any restaurant/cafe in the building. I used it for breakfast and ate for free! So that's a nice option to have because who really needs their room cleaned every morning anyway? I certainly don't! you get free wifi for one device if you pay the resort fee which i believe everyone pays at check in. so, i recommend this hotel. BUT if you're not used to walking a lot and don't want to spend money on taxi's back and forth then don't stay here. but, for those who don't mind spending money, or walking then choose this gem! It's not a party hotel. There are no clubs here which can also be nice because you can leave the party outside and come back to a nice safe, quiet hotel.
5	I stayed here over Labor Day weekend 2013. By far a better experience than I ever thought of. The hotel staff was fantastic. The casino staff was helpful (though they would not give back my money after I lost it..lol) to learn some of the games. It is not right ON the strip, but it's close enough that you can easily walk to where you want to go or even take the monorail. I highly highly suggest staying there and will stay there again next year when I visit. The pool area was awesome, the maid service was awesome, and the location to other attractions was walkable. Be sure to ask for an upgrade upon registration. It never hurts to ask, right?
5	When we checked in they were going to put us in a room with two double beds. I told the guy it was out anniversary and he found us a room with a queen bed. When we got to our room it was clearly a smoking from. Since it was already almost midnight we toughed it out. This morning I went down to the check in counter, explained we were in a smoking room and they moved us to a non smoking room with a king bed. We have to wait until this afternoon to move but still great customer service. The best was when I said thank you and apologized for being a pain, the woman helping me said "no problem! We are here to make you happy". So far everything has been awesome (except losing money gambling).
2	When the EMS World Expo comes to the Las Vegas Convention Center, I usually stay at the LVH.  This year marks my last time staying there.   The biggest pro to the LVH is that by going through the hotel and walking across a small alley, you're in the Convention Center.The negative is that you have to stay at the LVH.  The entire hotel is dated.  The check-in staff will try to upsell you on a room upgrade.  Go for it, for the refrigerator alone.  (A quick trip to the Target at Flamingo and Maryland will allow you to stock up on beverages and avoid hotel prices for drinks.)The real downer of my trip is the constant promotions.  I went through the conference organizer who arranged a special rate of $79/night (before the $20 upgrade).  However, Hotels Tonight was continually offering rooms for $25/night.  When I asked the front desk staff about this, they told me I had agreed to the higher rate and there was nothing they could do.  Considering the amount of vacancies the LVH had AND their loss of the Hilton name, I'd be in a bigger hurry to retain the few customers they are getting.
3	Myself and 3 of my friends stayed at LVH the weekend of the 13-15. Room was cheap considering it was the fight that Saturday and other various concerts. This hotel is located off the stop behind Wynn/Encore. I highly recommend buying the monorail pass while you stay here. The room was decent. We ran out of hot water for showers the 3rd person in, and the water pressure sucked. There was only 2 working outlets in the room. Very dim lighting in the room itself. Also, we had a non-smoking room, but the room next to us was smoking and we had the smoke all night in our room, which was very miserable. We complained and luckily they were kind enough to knock off a resort fee. I wouldn't stay here again, it was too far from the main strip and I wasn't too pleased with our room.
2	Well- 2 years later and a name change did not improve my review of the  LVH.  WiFi still 13.00! Mc Donald's WiFi is free!!! Hotel smells old and musty. Buffet was cold and tasteless. The only good things were the Noodle Bar and the monorail stop. Last time staying at LVH!
2	This place has gone down hill since it lost its Hilton brand. Basically it feels really worn down, smelly and old. I stayed in room 433 and it reminded me of a convalescent home bathroom for senior citizens. With original tile floors and anti slip rubber mats. Definitely not up to Vegas standards by any means.Back to smells. In my room it smelled like cigs, sewage, mildew. The variety changes overtime so it makes you think about the filtration or piping in the system. This company needs to revamp its HVAC system. I want to thank the housekeeping crew for bringing us a iron replacement since ours broke. I appreciate the prompt service. Don't stay here unless you want to walk to CES or SEMA.
2	I stayed at the LVH at the beginning of the year.  I'd received an awesome deal through my email with the players club card (even though I only use it for the 25% of in all the restaurants).With the discounted room, they offered $100 worth of dining vouchers...which were pretty useless, considering the 25% discount locals get with the players card ALWAYS was a better deal...The room was huge, and was nice enough, for what amounted to about $60 a night.  The shower sucked, and the bathroom was TINY. The bit that bothered me, was that the day of checkout, I noticed that I had a rash all over my body from the cheap detergent that they use to wash the bed clothes.  I had to go spend $20 on lotion to get it to go away. (I have super sensitive skin, but have NEVER had a problem in other hotels...even the run down crappy one in Cali I stayed in at the beginning of this month.)If you can get a good deal on the room, I'd recommend it.  People were nice enough and it was ok...but ...I can get good deals on better rooms elsewhere.
3	Getting a good deal was definitely a plus. The rooms are clean and beds are very comfortable. The casino is adequate some nice staff, some boring staff, and a few simply rude. The latter lost one of the stars in my review. A cool mix of patrons. I'll have to think about coming back. Being a cigar smoker, I find it weird that places that allow cigar smoking at tables have dealers that demonstrate displeasure when I light a stogy up. If that is the consensus, simply change the rule to no smoking and most of us cigar smokers will understand. But I don't like to be made uncomfortable about this. When I sit down at a table I would like to be able to relax. Cigar helps that, especially after you drop a 1000.
3	Just got back. The Players Club rate is hard to beat, the rooms are clean and beds comfortable. The premium room is worth the upgrade for the sake of the refrigerator, last couple of trips there's been rust in tub. There are coffee makers in room but they charge $3.75 each cup. Recently they began adding the resort fee, it's less than other hotels, but when you arrive late or don't use the facilities has me looking at other hotels, but the low rate gets me to go back. The buffet has improved on some dishes. The added proximity to the Tram that takes you to the strip is a big plus, get a multi day pass. I haven't been impressed with the pool when compared to higher end resorts.
1	The good:Close to the MonorailClose to the Convention CenterThe bad:Elevator wait times during peak timesRoom service-stayed 5 nights, got room service 3 of them, finally one day had to call twice to ask for some towels.Getting nickeled and dimed- $4 for a bottle of water (warning you get charged if you put them in the refrigerator whether you use them or not)$4 for coffee in the room, up charge to get a refrigerator, $13/ a day per device for internet.Embarrassing room service menu.I could go on and on.......Will not stay there again
2	Positives:Smoke free section of the casinoBeds are really comfortableMonorail station at hotelOk now for the review. So we are in town for a convention and wanted to stay a few days extra to enjoy Vegas. Decided to book a few nights at LVH because there was a deal I couldn't pass up on a travel site. So we check in and I ask about an upgrade to a room with a refrigerator and was told that there was the newly updated rooms for $20 extra a night with all these extra features like in room coffee and the requested refrigerator. Then in looking at the site there is not much difference in the $10 extra and $20 extra a night. In room coffee maker, yeah my morning caffeine. Until I pick up the cup and read the lid.... $3.50 per cup used. I can get a venti coffee at Starbucks cheaper. Even the room service coffee was a better deal at 2 cups for $5.75. $18 a day resort fee and I have to pay $3.50 a cup of coffee and can only connect one device to the wifi connection. While I am not a big fan of resort fees, usually don't complain too much when I have coffee, wifi, newspaper, gym etc.However,  the resort fee here doesn't cover much and only seems to be an additional fee to increase their bottom line. Now even with the fee, It was a better price than the other hotels with a price of $38 a night for a Thursday and Friday night with major conventions in town. That being said I don't think I will be staying here again. I am in Vegas twice a year at least for work and think I will stick with the hotels I know and have stayed at many times in the past.
1	Don't go.  Don't go especially if you are part of a convention.  It was gross all around.  The rooms were surprisingly nice, well the renovated ones.  I would go elsewhere.
4	Not a bad hotel at all.  The best detail is that it's near the convention center so convenient for those attending the center's events.  The Self-Parking structure isn't located miles from the casino so another plus.  The room I had was decent, furnished with comfortable beds and plush pillows.  The A/C worked great.  The TV was decent size and in working order.  Two complaints: the water pressure on the shower head was weeeaaaakkkk.....very annoying for me.  The hotel's gym is totally laughable. It's more like a "play area" than a gym.As far as restaurants, there are better options than the ones inside this hotel.
2	I had always wanted to stay here at the Hilton and we finally did.   I really wanted to LOVE this place with its Vegas History and all.  Ugh.....we have been to much nicer places and will most likely never return.  Where should I start.  Our room was very dated.  The cracked tile in the cramped bathroom looked like it was original and should be replaced.  The beds were so lumpy and only doubles , not queens.  We slept horribly all weekend.  Water pressure was sooooo weak.   The towels felt like sandpaper when you dried off.   This place needs an overhaul and this should be done immediately.  With all the competition in Vegas for rooms.....they need to step it up.  On the one and only plus side.....The coffee shop had a pretty good breakfast.
1	I stayed here 16 years ago when it was a resort. Not sure what to call it now. Lets review the stay:Checked into room. Before entering, there was an empty glass right by our door. Every time we entered and exited, we always saw the same glass. We left hotel two days later, and still... same glass in hall.The room REEKED of smoke. I called the front desk to change rooms. I was told rudely that the hotel was full because of a body builder convention. But they would call me the next day so they could change my room. They never called. I called them instead. They gave me the same excuse.When we went to bed, we went to deadbolt the door. The swinging lock on the door was previously shattered in two. Unusable. Then my wife touched it and the device broke off the door and into her hand. I looked at the metal, and it had a clean cut, which means someone in the hotel, I hope, had to cut into the room with lock cutters.The toilet didn't stop running.  The shower constantly had a flow.There were empty bottles under the bed. The 24 hour coffee shop was replaced by previously prepared sandwich and coffee house. I had the last sandwich they had, 1am, and it was horribly over priced. No fries, no chips. Just sandwich in plastic container. During day and night, this sold out hotel's casino was DEAD EMPTY. Could not get an internet signal on the 5th floor. Yet they still charged me a resort fee.Every one leaves the comment that you get what you pay for. I got much less.
2	I have stayed here on and off at the end of August and beginning Sept waiting for my house to close.  I paid the rate they asked except I won a free night from raid the vault.  Besides a line of at least 15 and 3 people working check-in and 4 others just walking around doing nothing.  About 20 minutes later when I came up to the check-in I told the girl I made the reservation for my free room.  She asked do I have a res, said yes and handed her the slip.  Again she asks if I made the reservation, I said yes.  She said all I asked was a question, I gave her my DL and credit card, and she said she needed  a credit card, I told her its with my DL.  She became very rude, assembled everything then said as she handed the voucher for  a free pull of a slot machine, said you know what you do with this (in a tone that it can be shoved up my ass).  Checking out I asked why I had fees for Internet, the guy said talk with the casino host, I did the casino host said talk with the desk manager, wound up talking with a supervisor and got the impression nothing would be done, that I don't understand what go's on at check in.When I paid for a room service was great, when I won a night they made me feel like a gold digger, very uncomfortable..
5	I have to post a much needed comment regarding my recent experience with LVH, our last visit was not the greatest but Travis who I believe is in their marketing dept has been great with providing us a quick response to our issue and has given us the utmost customer service. We have been going to the LVH when it was the Hilton and they always have had great prices even during holiday weekends. But speaking with Travis has turn our disappointment into a more positive outlook of the hotel. They truly do want to go above and beyond for their guests. Also their buffets are awesome. Thanks Travis. See you soon!
1	Stayed at this hotel September 2013. We stayed in the central tower. The room was terrible. First room that they gave us was dirty, the toilet was broken and the bathroom smelled like urine.They did change out room with no problem, but again this room had stains all over the carpet and the room smelled horribly like smoke. It was supposed to be a non-smoking room. The water pressure in the shower was almost obsolete. The positives were that it was in walking distance to the convention center and the price.
1	Upon my arrival there were only a few people standing for check-in but there is no front desk staff available. I could understand the wait if there was people standing around. Then, I was dragged into a room by a staff and instead of expediting the check-in, it resulted to being much worst. The  VOLARIS cabin crew are being checked-in at that time and the clerk too them a while.The clerk that was to help me to pass to another clerk check in another group and she said "OH I CANNOT MOVED BECAUSE I AM BUSY".  She said this in front of the customer/guest. She cannot move her chair because of her size (no offense meant). She ended up moving to the front to walk around the table to go to her table to check me in while another customer was neglected ahead of me. So I decided to let him go first and for me to wait again.I worked in the airline industry and deal with hotels for my crew and these crew check-in process needs to be updated. Way too long to check-in 5 crew members.Went to my room, checked the room itself, asked to be transferred to another room. I checked the room itself and bed, found some hairs on the mattress. Toiletries that's was in the room is half empty. Is this a leftover of the former occupant of this room?My bathroom lights were out, so I called the front desk and was put on hold for a while ending up hanging up and calling back again. Roughly I was in the hotel at 3Pm and it took like 3 phones calls for the bathroom lights to be fixed. One maintenance guy came at at 8pm to fix the light but I cannot let him in at that time so I asked him for another time.Then I asked for extra towels, it never happened. I ended up the next morning looking for housekeeping cleaning up the room to ask for extra towels. I asked for an extra towel regularly for my stay not for just one day but it never did happen.Every time I go the LAS VEGAS I use the SPA. I visited and check the spa and nothing comparable to the others. Expensive and the value is not worth using it. The worst part of my stay is EARLY MORNING 9AM. I went down to Fortuna to buy coffee. It was pretty busy but not that busy. I ordered coffee and a pastry. I was paying and this rude cashier wearing eyeglasses told me PER SE word by word in a very rude manner "YOU HAVE TO TELL ME WHAT YOU ORDERED  BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ORDERED". If I woke up in a wrong side of the bed this morning, this will be a long discussion. This cashier clerk/barista has a look that looks like she is just working and not happy at all with what she is doing, arrogant and rude. As, I walk the lobby every day and see her I had to do something about it. That was my first and last time I bought something from that store.My room was non-smoking but I smell cigarette burning in the room. I don't know if it was a guest smoking or the ventilation of the room itself. I called the front desk, so the nth time, I was put on hold again, ending up calling again and again. They offered to be transferred but I decline because I was going to check-out the next day. Front desk promised to spray the room with something, but I guess when I came back, it never did happen.Upon my check-out I decided to do something about the Fortuna Shop and express my frustrations.If you have any other choices that this hotel..move on
2	Not that bad it was alright. Nothing too special from all the other hotels. Wish the rooms were a bit brighter in color but not like i stayed in the room alot anyways.
2	The 2nd star is for the convenience of the location - if you're attending/exhibiting at the las vegas convention center, you can walk right into the center in minutes. That's the only plus.I don't know where to begin. I'm sitting here in a 19 dollar office chair, i can't hear the tv over the noise of the minifridge (sounds like a helicopter is about to crash into the room) and i just paid 20 dollars and waited an hour for a room service pizza that was served on the plastic tray that they microwaved it on. I went down to meet someone for dinner and a girl tried to steal my phone near the exit to the street. There has been a room service cart down the hall with old food on it for 32 hours. 3/6 lights in my room are operational. I bumped into a wall and dust came out of the ceiling. There's that number of cops that makes you feel like something is wrong instead of feeling safer. The water pressure in the shower is so low it feels like someone is just sweating on you. The mattress looks like a mountain range.The staff have all been very helpful and friendly.
1	I wouldn't even give The LVH 1 star but yelp makes you give at least 1. This hotel is no longer part of the Hilton family & it is very apparent. The whole place has gone downhill. I've stayed here many times (while the Hilton) & I was very disappointed this time. The rooms were in disrepair, no coffee makers, toilet paper & tissues that you could see thru. I had 4 light bulbs out & they never did come to fix them.  3 of the restaurants are closed now too. And the room rates are still some of the highest in Vegas. It's a shame but for the next convention I'll stay elsewhere.
1	Nice hotel, bad management the bathtub faucet was running all night, annoying, I would wake up sometimes in the middle of night and had trouble sleeping again because of the trickle noise that just carried over the bathroom doors. I called them every day atleast twice and it was never fixed till I checked out.i was more concerned about the water going waste that the nuisance. Talk about waste of water. irony is they have go green option which involves skipping one room service. I doubt they have any "green" intentions letting go water run all night.I wanted to give 4 stars but for being mean to mother natures and letting all that water go to waste after numerous complaints, you get 1 star.
3	PROS:- Friendly staff!- You receive a nice coupon voucher for the shops. I didn't end up using any of them, but I think a few would have been useful (i.e., Pizza Hut Express, $10 match play, and credit toward gift shops).- It's very quiet in the halls. You can sleep like a baby.- Complimentary wi-fi (just for one device, though). - You can take the monorail from LVH to the Strip. Easy peasy.- The Go Green program gives you an $8 credit per day to any LVH beverage/food place if you opt out of having your room cleaned (not counting arrival and departure dates). CONS: - I requested a non-smoking room, and my room still smelled like smoke. I sneeze an awful lot when I'm around smoke, and I'm pretty sure my neighbors thought I was trying to sneezebox. (Haha? Play on beatbox? No? I tried.) - No tooth brush available. Shouldn't this come standard?- Water pressure in the shower is pretty weak. - Thermostat is definitely a prop. No matter how high you push it up, the room stays so cold you'll wonder if you're in a Coors Light commercial.- No mini fridge (I had the Classic room).VERDICT: I might stay here again when I'm next in town, but I'm definitely not loyal to the place.
4	I have stayed at the LVH multiple times since the big "name change"  from "Las Vegas Hilton" and my experience has mostly been positive, especially considering the value to cost ratio. ($69 to $99 per night) - depending upon the time of year and days of the week.  The staff has always been helpful and friendly!  The long lines for check-in are normal for many mid-range hotels, but still annoying. Also, I am a big fan of air conditioning, and sometimes I have to request to switch rooms as my current assignment was "hot". (they have always obliged and facilitated my hot flashes) Finally, I am a water pressure snob, and sometimes the water pressure isn't the best. That that happens...even at $300.00 a night.  Nonetheless, the LVH  has been helpful and accommodating regardless of my personal needs.  I would recommend the upper rooms in the north tower which are a premium.  Those seem to be the most newly renovated (with the best "cool" air and the best water pressure) Still a "bargain" as compared to most Las Vegas hotels.  Bonus....the upgrade offered at "check-in" for $10.00 a night are usually worth the extra expense.  Also..FYI...if you booked your room through whatever source, and are required to pay the "resort fee" (see the fine print) That gives you free wi-fi for one device per night.  YAY....savings.   They don't always tell you about this.  :)  Happy Travels.
5	Haven't been in this hotel since 1999 and it was  called the Las Vegas Hilton. I was here because some friends of mine got married in Benihana and the ceremony was absolutely beautiful. Staff was so nice and they went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of.
2	I've been to Vegas a thousand times.. And all have been amazing with outstanding customer service.. UNTIL I came to LVH this is place is by far the worst place I been to in Vegas .. This place is horrible it is so bad I forgot I was in Vegas .. WARNING TO ALL STAY AWAY!! Spend a couple more bucks and get yourselves a decent room on the strip.. This was a total nightmare ..
1	Seriously the worst experience in Vegas! I've been to vegas a ton and I've never had to make the decision to leave a resort. It smells like sewer, customer service is non-existent, bathrooms not restocked, broken refrigerator, terrible food and that's just the start. Elvis must be turning in his grave to know what is happening to his beloved Las Vegas Hilton. Checked out a day early, they didn't care and went to the palms. Don't bother with the Lvh.
2	Stayed at LVH for a convention - it is Okay at best.  Room was clean, TV channel quality was poor and food was good.  Would only recommend if you want to stay close to the convention center.  Staff was friendly, but nothing stands out at this hotel except for the proximity to the convention center.  Must be why it is no longer a Hilton
2	The 2nd star is for the staff being nice but dear god...there has to be a better place to stay! We booked this through the Hotel Tonight app and got a decent rate for a Saturday night. You can tell the place is run down and trying to hang on (which is probably why hilton dropped their name from it). The check in line was long and when we went to get our room our concierge was nice enough to not put us in the room by the elevator "because it is noisy". They were out of king beds (unless we stayed by the elevator) so we took the two double beds. So then we walk into our room. The beds are small and lumpy and so sad looking. They are covered with sheets (no comforter). The coffee maker is keurig but it costs $3.50 to open up the cup with all the creamer/coffee grounds/etc so uh no thanks. but the WORST was the carpet! I'm pretty sure someone bashed their head in in that room because there were some suspect spots on the carpet and some totally black spots. IT WAS DISGUSTING. There was no way in heck I was staying in here so I called teh front desk and they said they would send someone up with new keys for us to move to a king bed (somehow they now had one). Points for them sending someone to me and not making me have to go back down. However, it took forever to have the person get there and when they did, they knocked, we answered, and then he had to go chase some guy down the hall because the guy had walked toward him, teh bell hop thought the guy was from our room and said "are these keys for you" and the guy said "yes" and just took them! What the heck? He got our keys back and we moved floors to another room (mind you as we were moving, another couple was in teh elevator talking about the pictures they took on their phones to show the front desk so they could switch rooms...so we weren't alone). Our new room was SO MUCH NICER. It had nicer carpet, the king bed was delightful, the coffee was still $3.50 but holy cow we were so much happier. The bed was comfy, the room stayed dark and it was quiet all night. Having the monorail there was also an added benefit and made it really easy to stay by the strip in somethign affordable but still have quick access to the strip. It truly is a gamble with this place though and we came to the conclusion that we lucked out with the nice room in the end. I have a feeling the majority of complaints probably don't get that and we were just lucky with timing...Be cautious...
2	The bed was hard and uncomfortable.  I barely slept because I couldn't get comfortable and there was a terrible noise that sounded like a really loud water pump going on.  The hair dryer was MELTED and when I called for a replacement it took so long that we had to leave before it arrived.  It was hanging from the door handle when we got back hours later.  I could smell pot coming from down the hall by our room when we checked in and the only person that seemed to be around was the cleaning lady.  Our smoke free room had such a strong smoke smell that I had a sore throat in the morning.  The water pressure wasn't very good.   There were young men loudly having sprint running races in the hall outside our room in the afternoon. (Not exaggerating, they were literally racing the length of the hall for fun, drunk.)  Parking is a hike to the hotel.Good things: the monorail is right there.  Cheaper than most hotel/casinos in the area.  The front desk staff is nice.
2	Not a very fun place to stay. The place is inexpensive and feels that way, as well. It's a great room if you're just planning to sleep there, and nothing else. It's a place to hold your stuff as you enjoy the rest of your vacation. The shows at the LVH are a hit or miss. Raiding the Rock Vault was really fun, as I am a classic rock fan. I also watched a musical here and it was sorta..terrible. Going to conventions here are fun though, a long time ago, I went to the Lee's Liquor Charity Fundraiser, and you can imagine = it was a really great time!! I wouldn't rent a room here, it's just a nice place for entertainment.
2	Stayed here during a work trip.Pros:Walking distance to the LV convention centerCafe with a variety of food and drinks in lobby!View from higher floorsConsOmg this place is SO DIRTYThe bathroom was disgusting. My shower head was broken, the drain didn't work, used shampoo/soap in showerStains everywhere on the carpet Rude staff. I've had better service at chinese restaurants!! At least they give me delicious cheap chinese food. You give me dirty hotel rooms!!DID I SAY THE ROOMS ARE FILTHY? I had a room change, still dirty...
1	Got a groupon deal here for a really cheap room for the weekend. Room was whatever, kind of big, got a free bottle of wine so that was cool.Not cool part? they charged me for outgoing long distance phone calls to a phone number that nobody in my HUGE GROUP OF 2 even has in our phones, and they said someone called out from our room around 1 am. REALLY??? #1, both of us have cell phones, why the F would we use your stupid landline. #2, 100% sure I was at XS during that time dancing what's left of my youth away. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! SHADY SHADY SHADY
2	The room was nice, HOWEVER, when we looked at the air intake filters.  I have never seen ones as bad as theses.  No where to post the photos I took.
3	We usually stay here everytime we come. The price is right and rooms are clean. We never win here but the sport center is awesome. I recommend to see game here
4	I was surprised to read the negative reviews here, I actually really enjoyed my stay here. The room was very nice, a couch, a refrigerator, nice bathroom couldn't ask for more. I have stayed at many hotels and wouldn't normally stay here but my brother is a regular gambler here and when I come with him this is where we always stayed. I love having the monorail right at the doorsteps, sure beats driving especially after a night out.
2	I will not stay here again!! They tried to over charge me,lied about the food coupon and locked me out the room after I paid more for my room! They salon is awfuuuuul!! Well at least they by the monorail
3	Staying here for Sema. Hotel is average. No refrigerator, CRAPPY pressure in shower, felt like I was camping with my little water bag shower.  I can't wait to go home to take good shower. There is only shampoo, conditioner and lotion for toiletries. $170 a night. Bed is comfy room looks clean. All Restaurants suck, but not benihanas.
1	The hotel became the LVH because Hilton dropped them as they couldn't maintain the Hilton quality standards.  Say no more. Walls are paper then and you hear Everything in the rooms near you. The showers are great if you're 5' tall with sensitive skin as there is no water pressure. Staffing is there because it's their job and they couldn't get hired elsewhere.  Shameful waste as w the the history of the property and proximity to the convention center, it would be a great place to stay if they only cared about their guests.
2	Couldn't cheek in until almost 9pm.  Had to leave my bags at the bell desk for hours. Got to the room after event.  Remote didn't work. Woke up to get ready for meetings an no hot water. Took cold shower..called to get water and remote fixed... The operator was rude.  Housekeeping tried to convince me I didn't leave water running. I finally convinced her to send maintenance. Went to meetings and when I got back found remote and water fixed along with a note saying they fixed it.   It is very convenient to be so close to meetings and convention but don't think I will stay here again.  By the way, I am paying $179 per night plus taxes etc.
5	In the month of October we had to make several trips to Las Vegas. We stayed at the LVH and our stays there were most enjoyable. If you don't have a car to get around with in Vegas then the LVH is the hotel for you. The Monorail is right inside the hotel so it made it easy for us to get around Vegas. The service from the valet to the housekeeping were all helpful and at our every beck and call. They gave us a late check out and didn't harass us with calls to check-out at 11am. Parking is free and the valet is quick and efficient. Baggage help is always available. And they give free stuff to LVH members. So sign up...its free. We will be using the LVH in all our stays and suggest it to everyone needing an affordable place to stay but with the red carpet treatment of the City center.
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I WOULD.No1 I did not want to stay here, for whatever reason it was. I read the many negative reviews & I was getting more & more disappointed that I had to stay here. Anyways, I read that the North towers were all renovated, so get a room there. When my dad, mom, & I arrived, that's the 1st thing I asked. To get an "upgrade", it's $20/day. $20 to stay in a room that's pretty normal to general hotel rooms. But, everything is renovated..carpets, beds, bath, a fridge, etc. I won't lie, the bed was actually very comfy. The pillows were extra soft. Bathroom, decent size. Shower head was VERY low. I'm 5'9, & I had to bend down when I washed my hair. Imagine my 6'3 dad? Pressure is also pretty low. Towels aren't the softest. Wifi=Free with $18/day resort fee. So in other words, not really free. Plus, it actually stopped working half way through my stay. Sun-Sat. Whack! Monday morning I decided to go to their gym that they have. A couple of ellipticals, treadmills, 1 workout machine, ab machine, medicine balls, etc. Not bad. This hotel provides a "going green" option, & if you decide to do that, you get $8 to use at the hotel for any drink or food. I used it for 2 water bottles at the gym for my mom & I. The guy said no problem, & I went on with my workout. Midway, he said that it doesn't work, which it should've. I asked my mom to ask the front desk why it didn't work (she was headed that way.) When she went to talk with the front desk, she was helped out by an older guy. She said that it doesn't work, & we're wondering why. His response? "Idk, go back to the gym & ask." Mom: WHAT? You're telling me to go back there, when he doesn't know & when I ask you, you don't know? My mom was getting a little irritated & walked away, & the guy replied with, "WHATEVER." Mom: EXCUSE ME?? WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?? Him: Room number? Mom: NO, don't say whatever to me..forget it..you're no help." I called front desk myself later on that day, & the friendly lady on the phone apologized for it happening, & I wasn't charged for it. It was that simple. THIS PART. My sister came in on Monday evening. The night before, I went to the front desk to let them know that my sister has a room from tomorrow, and I would like for them to upgrade her to the North tower. My sister called the hotel, & they without checking told her that they were all booked & that she couldn't get it. When I asked, the girl said not a problem that she will be on the 7th floor non-smoking. Great! Now, back to Mon evening, Tiffany was helping us. Absolute WORST customer service possible. My sister gave her her info, & she said, "Ok, so you're set on the 18th floor with JAMES." UH WHO THE FUCK IS JAMES?! Why the 18th floor? I immediately corrected her & said, "She's supposed to be in the North tower." In the most sarcastic and smart ass voice, Tiffany says, "That's what I said.." Do not start with me homie. I said, "We don't have a James connected to her room, & the girl yesterday said the 7th floor, non-smoking." Tiffany-That's not what it says here. Me-Idc what it says, I'm telling YOU what your co-worker told ME." Tiffany-Well it says James.. Me-THERE IS NO JAMES. Her: Well, you're on the 18th floor.. Me:She's not supposed to be.. Her:EXCUSE ME, I NEED TO SPEAK WITH THE REGISTERER. Go the fuck ahead, & yet she still got her info incorrect, & smartly said she was going to get the supervisor. THANK THE LAWD. He wasn't any better. He never apologized for the inconvenience, he was being slightly rude towards us as well. He said, James isn't connected to your room, but it probably got mixed up because of Expedia. That would make sense if we used Expedia, which we didn't. You guys are so unorganized! They also said that they don't pre-assign rooms. If you don't do that, I don't understand why the other girl at the front desk told me that info. It just doesn't make sense. Rude ass Tiffany came back, & never said a word to us. Didn't look at us, & just handed us the room key. I really TRULY hope she gets fired. She does not deserve to work somewhere that deals with customer service. Not going to lie, there are SO many awesome, great, friendly employees here. I feel bad that they have to work at such a dump like this. Every night you get some pizza solicitors sliding their menu under your door. I had a pile.. You see them hookers walking up & down the hall. SLOWEST elevators possible. They also have one elevator at the end of the hall, which is called the "scenic elevator". I literally laughed because the windows are so dirty, and there's really nothing scenic about it. -_-Yes, the convenience of the convention center is GREAT, but that's about it. Restaurant options are bleck..
2	Stayed at this hotel on a business trip.While I like the easy access to public transportation (monorail), and the fact that there's lots of entertainment options nearby (dining, casino, shopping-- lots of it in the hotel itself!), the hotel room conditions were HORRIBLE.I went to take a shower, only to discover that the shower curtain was covered in mold. It was very obvious and had a distinct odor. I had to call housekeeping twice to get it removed. Everything in the room was in rough shape--the faucets and toilets were all cracked, and the bed's headboard was broken and falling apart.The curtains/drapery were my sticking point. Whoever stayed in that room last did a number on them--they were broken, and off the automatic track. As such, they were stuck open and could not be closed. It took five calls to housekeeping/maintenance to get them to fix it...they just kept saying they would notify the "engineers" that I had called again.It was horrible having to hide in the corner of the room so I wasn't exposed while changing, not to mention that having daylight in the room at 5 a.m. was not an enjoyable experience. I have never complained about a hotel before, as I'm usually easy to please. If it's clean and has a bed and privacy, I'm good. This place couldn't even offer me basic comforts.
4	I am soooo surprised by the reviews!!! What's going on here?Cheap, clean, and monorail? How can you hate on this place?Yes, I will return and I hope my experience does not change, that would be a shame.
5	I had my wedding reception here.... It was amazing but the only thing I had a problem with was the coordinator of my reception.... They had told me to fax credit card info to them 2 weeks prior to event to charge my credit card.... But they decided to wait until after the reception..... But didn't inform me of this..... So when they decided to charge my card..... It didn't go through... Obviously....& expected to be paid.... I told them a few home truths and stated I would not be paying until I had the money.... And how dare they  change something without asking the bride first.... Other than that it was perfect.... Perfect waiters, bar tenders, great food
1	What a shithole. It's done. Time to blow it up and build something new. Staff is ignorant and obnoxious as well. Don't ever stay here.
1	WORST hotel ever. Seriously. I only stayed here because the mega, mega IBS tradeshow was next door at the convention center. I won't make the same mistake next year. I do have to say that the front desk was amazing, helpful and friendly. But overall the hotel was a wreck. My sink was stopped up and they could never get it right. The towels looked dirty and dingy. It was just a complete disaster. Next year I would rather stay farther away from the convention center and have a high quality hotel. They should just implode this place and start over!
4	Compared to the basic rooms in some of the bigger name hotels like Monte Carlo (needs updating) or Excalibur (ugly rooms) this room was very nice. The hotel has some amenities of larger hotels but on a smaller scale nice pools, casino and restaurants. The staff that I encountered were nice and helpful. A few things that I did not like were I didn't see any food for sale at the pool bar which isn't really resort like and there was a space under my room door open to the hallway. The hallway was really noisy at night so there wasn't much of a sound barrier, and I could smell smoke in my room a lot. Other than that I like it and would stay there again if I can really get a non smoking room. I also noticed that the elevators were slow on a busy weekend. It seemed like they weren't all working. A friend said she had to wait over 20 minutes for eggs and toast in the restaurant for breakfast only restaurant info that I can offer.Overall good and close to the strip.
1	We hatched a plan to stop by the LVH via the monorail. Using our free passes we could get from the strip to the LVH, and a taxi to fremont, saving a few bucks.Arriving - we decided to stop by the main bar for a drink. Things. Did not go well.  I asked the bar tender what he had on tap, he shrugged and mumbled and walked off.  On returning he listed three beers but warned he wasn't sure any of them would work. Ever game for a challenge or test of wits, I asked if the bar tender wouldn't mind trying the taps and you know, seeing if beer would flow.  He duly obliged and began pulling away.  The whole apparatus barely managed to remain adhered to the bar top, wobbling and shaking. As he had originally theorized at the start of our detente, only foam was on draft.  Mind you, he gamely persevered for some time before returning with confirmation of the bad news. For a moment I did half expect he would serve up a cold glass of froth.  One star there for sure.  Instead he offered me a bottled beer as an alternative, I was happy to accept this peace treaty - and thankfully the bottle did indeed contain beer.This whole process took close to ten minutes, with not a single drop of happiness, enthusiasm or welcoming spirit.  I could feel every last ounce of vacationary joy pouring from my soul.  Maybe the bar tender's unique interpersonal abilities had been the ultimate demise of the beer taps, slowly eroding them into exhaustion.  My partners cocktail was made with a similar level of Vegas excitement and panache. We drank up and left quickly.The place was deserted.  It was definitely in need of some general maintenance around the edges.  I even kinda felt unsafe in parts.We returned later on in the evening for the reverse of our  route to catch the monorail back to the strip.  The staff were very insistent that the monorail was closed for the evening - even going as far as producing charts and documentation to  back up their claims.  We took their guidance under advisement and duly boarded the monorail (still open) and left the LVH, hoping to never return.
1	First & last time I'll be staying here. Came for an event at the convention center & this was their hotel of choice. Two biggest complaints I had was the heat never worked in my room & I called about it but nobody ever arrived. Second, woke up in at 4a to hear a dripping noise. Water was coming up out of the sink & spilling over onto the bathroom floor & on my stuff I had sitting on the counter. Housekeeping came up but it took them calling their engineers a few time before someone arrived to fix it. Needless to say not a fun experience at all. You can tell this hotel has some age on it & needs to be redone. Other items of note - fridge had smelly food left in it from previous occupant, no free coffee in room, trash by the elevator never emptied & it reeked. I'm sure there's more but my tired brain is done.
3	Valet great, Rose brought our bags up - she was great! Check in fast. Bartender was sweet, comped drinks. Room is comfortable, but just saw coffee cups and they want $3.50 if you open the cup. I think that's BS, where's the hospitality with that? Every hotel has free coffee! Seafood Udon Noodles were fabulous at Noodle Bar. It's okay for the value. Non smoking room still has faint smell of smoke but that's Vegas. Big bathtub..... Far from strip - headed to check out monorail next.
1	The hotel room was disgusting.  The light was covered in dust, so thick that it made it appear that it snowed on the light.  Made a reservation for non smoking room, had no more left and the bathtub was covered in rust
2	I would like to amend my review, since i wrote it from the first of two rooms that i stayed in at the LVH. My wife and daughter came from los angeles halfway into this business trip since she has family in the henderson area. I realized i couldn't expect my wife and child to stay in this room, so i went downstairs and asked if i could upgrade my room. When they answered that i was already in an upgraded room, i briefly died from choking back laughter, and then asked to be upgraded to a suite, which was an extra 55 dollars a night, and this was the experience:There's no fridge, there was one in the cheaper room. The emergency exit sign is a laminated sheet of printer paper literally screwed into the wall. There appears to have been a shootout at some point in history based on the location of several large carpet stains located at the door, sliding window, corner, and foot of the bed. I thought someone was jackhammering outside the room until i found that the noise was coming from the air conditioner. The 3" of dust covering the air filter did little to dampen the sound. The shower was awesome, huge and had like 14 shower heads, which dispense either an arctic ice blast or hot magma straight from the center of the earth at your choosing. I left an expensive photo tripod in the room, on the middle of the bed, but the hotel and the lost and found never found it.The staff were still helpful and friendly, and one of them now has a very nice tripod.
1	Will never stay at LVH again! The rooms were ok. We obviously had a room that was recently updated. The room is not real modern but was clean and we didn't mind the condition at all. The rest of the hotel, casino and food is terrible. Every resteraunt had staff that was either rude or simply acted as if we are an inconvenience to them. It is obvious the managers are not setting standards for their workers to live up to. This seemed to be the theme for all of LVH. Dealers did not to acknowledge players, cocktail waitresses are virtually non-existent, and the amount of prostitutes swarming the casino is insane. We waited for an hour and a half for the cocktail waitress to come around at the tables. Service during dinners at the burger bistro and paradise cafe is slow. I will happily pay much more for a room for a better environment and service. In fact we will because I won't be back. This place is a joke. If they want to bring people back they need to better their standards. It is obvious there is a huge lack of moral throughout this place. That may be due to poor management or terribly low pay, or a combination of both. Doesn't matter because until they acknowledge these issues LVH will eventually fail.
3	Wimpy showerhead. nothing like a weak showerhead to ruin your hotel stay. the room is good. nothing fancy. carpet is old. Can't complain about the $40 rate though. Beds are comfortable I must say and clean.
4	Nice hotel doesn't get crazy so you can definitely relax after a night out or a long day on the strip. If you are planning on spending most of your time on the strip, this hotel is a little far expect to spend about twelve bucks plus tip to get there. Other than that no complaints, great price for a comfy, spacious room. I stayed at a premium room at LVH and it was more than enough. Big bed, tv in front, affordable spa facility for relaxation and big mirror to get ready :)
3	We arrived last night to LVH where we were greeted by the valet attendant. He flagged down a bell man to help us with our luggage. Then gave us directions to the front desk for check-in. The line to check-in was really long. It took us about 45 mins to check-in. The receptionist was professional. He answered all my questions. He made sure we got one of the updated room since they are still remodeling the Classic rooms. The only bad part was he guided us in the wrong direction to our room. House keeping was working on our floor. So the hallway was full of linens & room service carts. Which seemed odd since it was already 10:30pm. Then again it's a busy place, so maybe they are overwhelmed with work!!!Our room actually looks decent for the price. Compared to the old classic room, it's a big improvement. There are a few issues like the faucet keeps leaking. Some of the furniture is scratched up pretty bad. The bed is comfortable. Overall for the price it's a good deal. Some of the down sides. You have to pay for wifi per night per device. Since, I am paying the resort fees. I get one device connection. Additional devices is $13/night. The bottled water in the room is $4.00/bottle. The coffee is $3.25/cup. What ever happened to complimentary??? On the house??? We usually never have coffee in the room. Most of the times I carry waters & sodas, so it's rare that I drink the water in the rooms. Specially for that price here!!!With all that said, I would still stay here if I can get it for a cheap price. I paid $44.00/night through orbits the weekend before New Years!!!
3	I only come here for the Lees Liquor Experience. I love this event and have been the last 4 years. After we had the pleasure of using one of the 5000square foot siutes. It was nice. Have to saw decor is out dated but the place is nice!
1	I had previously stayed at this hotel when it was the Las Vegas Hilton... at that time they were going through a renovation and apparently also changing the name... This was like 3-5 years ago.. Sadly, since then nothing has changed.The one thing I remember that I did not like were the long long lines and wait times for the elevator.  There are two problems, there are not enough elevators and also they are not dedicated to lets say for example 1-20 floor and then another set of elevators for 30-40 floors.When checking in, I opted to upgrade the room for $20... and was amazed that they called it 'an upgraded room'.  According to travelocity, this is a 4 star hotel... this room was more like a 2 star, so I can just imagine what the regular room looked like.The room itself, the tub spout was coming off of the wall, it was leaking water and the tub didn't have a light... The ac/heater thermostat was not digital... and the door key/knob stopped reading cards... I was hard pressed to find any renovations to this room.
3	My first hotel in Las Vegas! After a flight in from JFK, I travelled by car with close family from the airport to LVH.Check-in to the hotel was something I've never witnessed before! It was 8:30-9pm, and the wait was roughly an hour/hour-and-a-half! Pretty nuts, but for my first experience of a hotel in Las Vegas & looking at the casino in the hotel (the scale of hotels here is ridiculous, just huge!)- plus the time of year of my visit- it pretty much made sense. So although the wait to check-in was long, we didn't mind so much.Overall, service was great. Good clean rooms, good house-keeping & a great view from each room I visited. However, the room was non-smoking yet the corridor reaked of smoke which leaked into the room a little. In addition, the air conditioning in the room was so excessive, each night I woke up with an incredibly dry throat & mouth which was very uncomfortable.There was no manual control for it, which is why I've made this particular comment.In summary, as an overall hotel experience and my first in Vegas, it was a good one!
3	decent room (out dated for sure)I didn't get the push for up-grade like everyone else had mentioned.I will consider to stay here again on sat. for under $50
1	The worst place to stay ever!!!! The hotel staff is super rude. The ac in the room did not work. Made 3 phone calls and still never sent anyone to come check on it. Jerry at the check out desk is possibly the worst at his job. Rude attitude when we asked question and acted like we should have known all the answers. Will never stay here ever again nor will I recommend anybody to stay here. Rooms are totally outdated. Who knows what switch turns on which thing in the room. Just plain awful... Wish I could give 0 stars. Only going to stay on the stripFromNow on...
5	Spent New Year's Eve here and loved it.Why five stars? Because I kept winning at the slots downstairs. What's not to love!The rooms were nice and large. And I can't stop saying it ... I won! I won! Yay! Happy New Year!
4	Mac at the limo office helped me to get around town. Also Said at the bell desk took care of me. Thanks guys.
2	I stayed here in the early days when it was a Hilton. It was a great hotel! I then stayed here a month or two before the hotel changed hands. It sucked! Given a good room deal, I thought I would give it one more go -- about a year later. Still sucks. Careful - they give out a coupon book to use throughout the hotel. MAKE SURE YOU READ THE SMALL FINE PRINT ON THE BACK OF EACH COUPON!!!
2	Stayed here the day after New Years ...to recover, avoid traffic back to Los Angeles and catch up on some rest. Price is appropriate for the room ;ess than $50 a night yet there is a problem with the control of smoking and non smoking areas. We had asked for non smoking floor... floor 17 the entire floor smell like pot and two different times we saw people smoking at the elevator waiting area. Overall the rooms are comfortable, standard. The casino is right below with enough tables (minimum $ 10.00) and machines. Wi-fi is $13.99 on one device, not free.
2	It was just okay stair wells were dirty and the same plates were there the whole time I  was there.yuk
1	Staying at the LVH is probably the most frustrating hotel experience I've ever had. They do not provide the bare minimum that you could expect from a given holiday inn. I even asked the concierge for qtips and they acted like it was a ridiculous request and tried to send me to the nearest pharmacy. It does not feel clean and is extremely out of date. This is especially frustrating if here on business. The one positive thing I must say is that the housekeeping and room service staff is very pleasant and accommodating.
4	Really nice sports book, nice hotel room with a friendly staff.  The only issue is its off the strip and no nightlife inside the hotel.. For a nice stay in a hotel where your not going to party hard lvh is fine.
5	Im writing this as I leave and my experience was awesome my room was clean and espacious, costumer service awesome and we loved the pool and the fact tha we where so close to the strip but we didn't have to deal woth the nasty drunks and hookers. I have to admit I was a little scared by the negative reviews but It was perfect and for the price it cant he beat.
1	Dreadfully awful.  Stay away at all cost.
1	By far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in Vegas. The only reason I stayed here was because of CES. Extremely long wait times just to check out and no good food here. The front desk rep PATTI was extremely rude and should not be working there. I simply wanted to know if I could get parking reimbursed since I was staying here, unfortunately I couldn't which was fine, what upset me was that she took my only key card and scanned it, didn't give it back and insisted that I never gave her one. I asked for her to check cameras to see while she still rudely insisted I gave her nothing, she THEN found a card and scanned it and found out it was mine. COMPLETE waste of my freaking time No complimentary toothbrush toothpaste water or basically any amenitiesI will never be returning here by choice ever again
2	My lord has this place changed!  Use to come here all the time. They were sold 4-5 years back, so I thought. Seems they are bank owned now. Use to have limo pick up with no problem. Well, my host arranged for it, but he put the wrong pick up time. Once the driver got there he was apologetic and explained the confusion. I went to check in and VIP check in was closed. I checked in the normal line and no comp card or tournament info was given to me. I asked asked and they were clueless. Hope they get it all figured out. Thi place use to be great. Games now suck, but I still get offers for free room and food, which is a good deal. I stopped by on my way back from Cali. I'm in the free tournament, I think. I'll find out around 9am. Overall, cheap place to stay with Mono rail service to the strip, or a short walk for the adventurous ones out there.
3	Stayed for a night while attending a concert and for the rediculously low weekend rate we got we expected worse, but in fact were pleasantly surprised, room was comfy/ clean and great for a quick Vegas Getaway. If I had to stay longer it probably wouldn't be my choice, but was a nice place to rest after a long day/ night. And besides, the King used to live here in the suite:)
1	I have stayed at this hotel for the last 16 years while attending CES. My company books the room so I have no choice. My experience last week was the worst. I had to be moved to a new room three times, the first was not made up when I went in, the second had no A/C or ventilation of any kind, the third time the room was OK.My next major issue are the number of prostitutes that populate the casino, bars and lobby areas. They are quite obvious and bold, it's like walking through Times Square NY in 1981.My final fault is I came back to the hotel at 10pm and needed to eat dinner, the coffee shop, Sports Book Deli, Pizza Hut and new burger place were all closed. What kind of place closes its restaurants so early in Vegas?
3	My stay at LVH was from December 28 through December 31, 2013.Overall, I felt the hotel was an acceptable venue. The room was comfortable, but showed signs of age, and the same could be said about the hotel as a whole. I think it's a reasonable choice for anyone looking for easy access to The Strip (via the Monorail) without paying Strip prices. A more detailed review follows.We received a room on the 19th floor of the North Tower, which has not yet been remodeled. The elevator bank had five elevators, but as far as we could tell, only four were operational. There were multiple times of day requiring very long waits (up to five minutes) to get an elevator, and when going down, we'd often stop at almost every floor, frequently leaving people behind because there was no more room. When leaving our room, we took to pushing the "up" button and riding to the top just so we'd be guaranteed an elevator.The room itself was a fairly average hotel room. It was clear that it was older and in need of remodeling. The most disappointing aspect was the television. I'd read online that the room would have a flatscreen TV, so I brought along an HDMI cable in the hopes of streaming video from my laptop. However, the TV was one of the oldest type of flatscreens I'd ever seen, and therefore had no HDMI connection. The picture itself was problematic because the aspect ratio was set to something odd and stretchy, and we were unable to fix it because there was no aspect button on the remote, and the "menu" button on the TV itself had either been disabled or was broken. On the positive side, the bed was quite comfortable, the room was clean, the bathroom was a decent size, and the tub was large. The shower pressure was on the weaker side, but not so much as to be problematic. I was also pleased that the a/c unit, while definitely old, worked well and was not annoying noisy when cutting off and on.The dining that we did within the hotel was actually very good. We enjoyed meals at Benihana and at the Burger Bistro. Both were quite tasty. We were very surprised, however, to find that when we went to the Burger Bistro on a Saturday night, they were closing at 9pm. We took a seat at 8:45 without knowing this, and quickly found ourselves to be the only guests. However, the serving staff was still very pleasant and helpful, and did not seem bothered by our late arrival. My biggest frustration with the hotel related to their tennis facility. I was very excited to see that they had tennis on the premises, including a pro shop, and I had my tennis gear with me. The hotel advertised that the facilities were open daily from 9am to 5pm, and the pro shop was open until 3pm. So I headed down with my gear, and initially could not figure out how to even get to the pro shop. Many of the signs were faded and difficult to read, and I found that the main path, which is through the pool area, was closed off since the pool was closed. Eventually, I was directed by someone at the spa to walk around, which involved walking over a strange gravel path, behind the mechanical equipment on the roof of the building. And, as you might have guessed, when I got to the pro shop, it was closed, and all of the tennis courts were locked up. The sign on the door indicated that someone would return in 15 minutes, but it was fairly obvious looking inside that no one had been there that day, and probably in quite some time beyond that. I called the phone number on the door and left voicemail, but I never heard back from anyone for the duration of the trip.I'm not much for shopping in these sorts of properties, so I don't feel like I can comment much on how interesting the stores were. We visited the gift shop a couple of times for sundries and found what we needed. A sweets shop appeared to be on the verge of opening, and the only other store I recall was focused on items with bling. My last comment would be regarding the parking. We parked consistently in the lot for the North Tower, which is a multi-story structure with no physical attachment to the hotel. Getting to the hotel involved a bit of a walk, including crossing an internal "street." I watched a number of people struggle to lug luggage across this path, and I couldn't help but think how miserable that would be in extreme cold or heat or rain. Certainly not ideal.Despite the complaints, I would still be willing to stay here again, although it would not be my first (or second or third) choice. It's a functional hotel with a few perks, but it has quite a ways to go in order to be on par with its Strip counterparts. Hopefully, the construction we were able to see during our stay means they're working on it.
5	This review is about the New Years Eve party.  We started at the 105.7 party it was a blast. The music was great.  We missed Evelyn Champagne K. But caught Next, they did great and gave a good show with all the 90's hits. The crowd was mixed but mostly black.  Guys had on suits and the girls were dressed nice.  The bar was too packed. That is my only complaint. We headed out by the pool to watch the fireworks.  As you were walking towards the pool people were handing out party favors which was nice.  Everyone was out there kids, older couples it was beautiful. It was chilly but it's winter in the desert.  We went back in and heard some live Reggae man was it the bomb this crowd was multicultural.  Although they only played one more song another Reggae band came on and jammed. It was by far the best New years eve ever!  It didn't hurt that the parties were free except the 105.7 party. I didn't even mind that they had a cash bar. I hope to go back next year. ...
4	Almost every time I come to Vegas I stay here because its perfect for what I'm looking for in my Vegas adventure. I come here to get outside and enjoy myself or go gambling until 9am without having to sell a kidney and I get all of that here. Now let me also say, I'm a bit boogie when it comes to my hotel preferences so I'm not all about cost. I have realistic standards and understand the concept of "you get what you pay for" but I have NEVER gone wrong with LVH. I'm not a big gambler so I love being here where the tables are hot but not incredibly expensive to join. There are a lot of options on the machines which is great for me because I love the penny machines, lol. Its right off the strip and not on a street that is too hectic or in the hub of all the traffic, I don't care for any of that. I had bad customer service at the check in counter once but I attribute that to the lady who had a bad attitude and not the overall service at the hotel. When I requested toothpaste they had it to me very quickly which lets be honest, is kind of a big deal because no one goes out of their room with a hot mouth (let's hope not!)The room itself was very comfortable and didn't make me feel cheap. Now I understand this place isn't flashy like other hotels but I don't spend most of my time in my room, that's not why you come to Vegas! But when I am done with my daily adventure or need to rejuvenate I want to feel that I'm lying on clean sheets, the room is comfortable and I can relax. Each and every time it I was completely satisfied. Soooooo, try it out! It's very inexpensive and there are all kinds of ways to get deals on this place. Hotwire, Hotels.com, sign up on their email list and immediately get 30% off, sign up on their mobile line and get another deal. I've even seen offers on Hotel Tonight. DEALS, DEALS, DEALS....I like that too. Happy Vegas Adventures!
5	Rooms were clean and spacious.  Patty at the front desk was very friendly and helpful.  Love the restaurants in the hotel, Benihanas was great but service was a little slow.  Paradise cafe offered good all-day breakfasts.  Staff was super nice except for a douchey guy at the front desk.  But hey, everyone has had at least one bad day in their lives, right?  I really liked this place and it would be perfect if they still had the Star Trek experience here.  Definitely would stay here again.
3	39.99 a night? Not bad. The rooms are fine and the place is clean. My BF and I had a prefectly comfortable 2 night's sleep. I would stay again if I was on a super budget and wanted to go to Vegas. Its about the same as a motel and much safer. Room service is an over priced joke.
5	Ok so for the bad reviews...Yea i could see that how the old management was not the best based on your reviews.The Lvh got better with the new management.they have newly renovated rooms that are compact and practical. Ms.Stephanie at the front desk was very kind and assisted with all of our needs.Always ask for non smoking and upgrade to the strip view.Anyone up for the parking lot view or the maintenance yard?I would not.Bottom line, the lvh has improved drastically.
4	We came here for my bachlorette party after i had read a few reviews about this place, and it wasn't bad. Yes it is a little far from the strip but they have a monorail that takes you pretty much anywhere you want to go and for a pretty cheap price. The rooms were not bad they were pretty decent, the casino was a tad small but that didnt matter much either.They had some pretty good restraunts inside this hotel that made it a lot better too. The benihanna in the las vegas hotel and casino was the prettiest I have ever seen I was pretty impressed.  If you are on a tight budget this place would be a great place to stay.
1	This place is a fkn dump. Excuse my language. Awful food!!! From room service to breakfast all the way to their restaurants. I ate for free on every visit. Why? Because I sent it all back! From the awful showers to having no hbo. When i called housekeeping for toothpaste? No sorry sir we don't have that. Umm?? Ok. I can just keep going. Worst casino hotel I have ever stayed in. Never ever again
4	I would give them a five, but check in literally took like half an hour and we were on a time crunch! Had to get reaaady for the club man. So a friend and I decided to do a YOLO ONE night trip to Vegas to see Dash Berlin, and we booked this hotel the day of for only $33, and got upgraded to a larger room since the one we were originally suppose to get was unavailable. But whatevs. The bigger the room, the more fun right? Well in our case, the more room to throw our shit everywhere, get dressed and get ready and get our drank on. After the club, we came back pretty drunk, knocked out and felt like we were sleeping on a cloud. Probably cause we were drunk and didn't care. Check out time is at noon, and they have the option of express check out if you don't want to wait in line, but overall I had a pretty good stay here.The hotel is off the strip, but they offer a monorail service at $5 to take you to the Strip. However my friend and I were in a rush, thought taking a taxi would be faster, but it was twice the amount, but only took like 10 minutes. So take the monorail! You'll save $$$, plus you'll have more $$$ to spend at the club.If anyone is planning to do a YOLO, IDGAF trip, I would recommend staying here. Rooms are clean, well kept and bathroom is a good size.
3	Cheap rooms off the strip.No more than a ten dollar ride to wynn hotel.Downside is that there's no early check-in.Gaming and gambling is a plus. ...$30 for some mixed nuts off the room service menu?
5	First let me say that we love this hotel!  Our third time here and the hotel went out of their way to make our birthday weekend special! We have a large suite on the 28th floor which is very clean and well maintained! After putting our things down we went to the resort lounge and had cheese and wine watched some news and came back up. Upon walking in we found a fruit plate with champagne waiting for us! Wow! We have stayed at a lot of places in Vegas some way more expensive and we were never treated this nicely! The LVH goes out of their way to make you feel like family! Check in was easy and simple no hidden fees and no drama. Hotel lobby and casino were extremely clean and the bell desk got our things up quickly! Don't listen to bad reviews give this place a chance because it will not disappoint. :) we will update after we check out but trust me this place is amazing.
4	I was a little worried at first but to my surprise it was great! We got upgraded to a suite by Abel at check in (he was great and professional and polite) and our room was clean and very pleasant with a great view. I will definitely stay here again!
1	My wife and I have stayed here many times during the 22 years we've lived in Southern California and have driven to Las Vegas. It was, for a while, "Our Place" in Vegas, that is, until Hilton pulled out and the "LVH" took over. The famous staff friendliness and professionalism steadily dwindled and we found other places to stay and make "donations" to. Well, the LVH sent us a slew of marketing communications recently and we finally took them up on their 3 free night, with food comps and gambling free play. The first night, upon arriving, we were asked to stop at the parking garage entrance by a very polite security guard so he could "grab some information off your car", which he did so quickly, then thanked us and waved us through. No biggie, and when asked, he explained they'd had a rash of vehicle break ins lately (a good reason right there to stay away?)Upon returning the next evening after a day out, we were signaled to stop at the entrance to the parking garage by a different security guard (name started with first initial "D"). He never said anything to us, until I started to inch forward thinking he was done with his silent interrogation, then he blew a gasket. He escalated the confrontation until I finally lost my temper and decided we were done, and would exit the parking garage, upon which he yelled "f**k you" several times at me.We went into the hotel and filed a complaint with the hotel manager and head of security, then checked out 2 days early and went to our new favorite property, who welcomed us back and comped our roomNeedless to say, we'll never return and I'd strongly recommend you find other accommodations too. So sad to see this historic property run into the ground!
4	This review is on the front desk staff and our stay. We booked this hotel through Hotwire for a killer deal, there's an 'resort fee' on top of the rate which was the cost of the room but still a better deal than anything else online. We checked into the hotel in the afternoon, got to the room and the room was 'used' the bed wasn't made, the soap was opened a towel on the floor in the bathroom. We called down to the front and they upgraded our room and brought us up a key. Problem solved, late checkouts often cause issues so it wasn't a big deal. Tip for families, North Tower by North Tower parking garage, the rooms cost an upgrade fee but you don't have to trek through the casino and you're right by your parked car if you park there. The rooms are upgraded and easy in and out. The second time I stayed there, I asked for a room North Tower by the N. towert parking garage and they hooked it up. The room was nice, clean and quick in and out. The coffee in the room is k-cups and they charge 3.50 for the paper cup and cup of coffee with the creamer and sugar packets inside. Hey it's there in your room and pretty tasty, you can always bring your own k-cups if you are hooked on those things, me personally i prefer a fresh cup of coffee! That's all for now. :)
1	Hookers a plenty. Do not stay here!!!!! The room was dirty. There was a condom wrapper on the floor when I walked in and the gaming floor was swarming with prostitutes.  Do no stay here.
1	Spa SUCKS!  After 3 long days walking and working KBIS I bought an hour long foot massage for my husband. The "masseuse" was 10 minutes late ... massaged his feet for 20 min. Then told him to relax and take a nap. She rolled back in on the hour to tell him he was done ... $100 ?  NOT GOOD !Want money back for THAT service. Certainly not worth the time OR $.Too bad :-(
1	Service sucks, staff is horrible. They act like they don't care and didn't help much to fix anything. Check in was bad, gave us 2 pairs of keys that didn't work then finally got a room that someone was in. We had an incident and needed security which were a joke especially the security supervisor Jack. Don't know he became supervisor, he seemed lost and was absolutely rude. Place is outdated and filthy. Yes rooms are cheaper, but not worth it.
2	if you like to play and drink for free this is not the place to go the cocktail waitress service is absolutely horrible!!!  we were inside of Club tempo for a BBW event the bar was completely packed the first drink I ordered from the waitress in the lounge which was not complementary and I knew that but I did not think it was going to be $9.50 for a freaking on Long Island iced teasecond drink we went up to the bar and ordered the martinis that they had on special Apple martinis for $6 the price was okay for as strong as they were but when we went back for our second apple martini they ran out of sour apple puckerso I decided I wanted to play a little and get a drink from a cocktail waitress  and I must have been very lucky on where I Sat because the first rank came within 20 minutes  but after that drink I waited an entire hour before pushing my service button and calling the slots manager over 3 times to get a cocktail waitress to pay attention to the area that I was sitting in with the wide variety of selection that you have in Las Vegas with all the different casinos and hotels this casino it needs to pick it up a little more maybe they need more cocktail waitresses but other than that it was a good experience
2	I had a bad experience, although the hotel itself is not bad.  I was feeling ill during my stay (I was pregnant and didn't know it), and had been doubled over in bed with my iPod to comfort me.  I left the iPod in the sheets unknowingly, and when we checked out, I must have left it there.  Later that day, I called the LVH reporting I had most certainly left my iPod in the room (it has never been found in our possession since).  They sent someone up to look for it, but it was nowhere to be found, and housekeeping had already been through there.  It had not been turned in by housekeeping.I don't know how many hotels hold housekeeping accountable, but they were never able to find out who took it.  Some housekeeping person has a very nice gift now.  Bummer.  As for the hotel, we find it to be a good deal, so we stay there occasionally.  It has decent restaurants and lively hallways.  The rooms are clean and attractive enough.  It's too bad they don't have a way of finding out who cleaned certain rooms to determine which of their staff are thieves.  Not sure how many hotels are able to do this anyways.  The experience was enough to make me not want to stay there next time.
2	You get what you pay for I guess.  Service by some is horrible and great by some.  Some food servers really don't like their job, like the guy carving meat at the Italian buffet and the Asian women black jack single deck delayer who barks out at player when they don't know the rule of that game and also the rather plump hostess at burger house who seems to not like non whites. Good food is not to be found after 9pm. If not for location near convention center this place would be a ghost town and a single star.
3	Could use a little work but 3 stars is what I would go for here.
2	The hotel needs major renovation, amenities are minimal. Its only redeeming quality is the easy walk to the convention center.
5	Lvh hotel is the only place we stay when we go to Vegas I love everything about it they have the best customer services craig the manger thank u for helping us with our room you are the best please give him a raise I can not think him enough for being so nice and wonderful I really love how u guys keep fixing up the place really nice I love the new gym & the best Pizza Hut there is I wish I could come to Vegas every month just to stay at lvh this is the only place I can relax & party at the same time tks a lot again craig for the best stay in the world it's never enough time every time we go February 6 th Thursday thur Sunday also if u want to come for your first time call the marketing dept and u will get good price and offers when u want to come back again
2	Lackluster hotel that should have been torn down years ago. Stained carpets, long check in lines, tattered decor...There are too many other places to stay in Vegas to justify staying at the LVH.
1	Stains in the carpets. Fixtures falling off the wall and a big green line through the Freaken TV overall this place is a ratchet shithole. No wonder Paris Hilton sold this piece  of shit hotel before everything fell apart on her.
1	0 Stars if we could.  BED BUGS, Mold, blood on the floor for over 24 hours by ice machine, elevator doors would not open or close all the way.  The front desk was rude and of no help when we found the bed bugs.  The place should be shut down.  It is not safe for the workers or visitors.
1	This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in Los Vegas, and that is saying a lot since I've been to Vegas 30 times at least in my life. Due to a scheduling conflict here in Vegas, this was really the only hotel that had availability. I'm going to write the review now while it is fresh on my mind.First, I checked in to my room and there is a dirty towel on my bed and another dirty towel in the sink. I called immediately and told the front desk and they seemed to not understand what I was asking for. Obviously I want to change rooms, the woman seemed appalled that I'd want to change rooms over 'a towel' as she put it. Anyway, I finally got to my next room, and it looked like it had been cleaned. The carpet is stained though, so it is tough to tell. I had just sat down on the bed and then the door knocked for housekeeping, so maybe this room wasn't cleaned. I just ignored it and assumed someone forgot they got this room.The bed is horrible. Has to be 30 years old and just feels like you're laying on metal. They make you pay for tooth paste instead of offering it complimentary. Of the 20 other places I've stayed at in Vegas, they're the first to do that. The food was horrible, I ordered room service pizza and it came fried to the paper plate that it was on, so I couldn't even eat it unless I wanted to eat the paper plate as well as they were melted together (the crust and plastic plate). Please do not stay here. Book early and get a decent hotel. This hotel is an travesty and the only decent thing about the whole property is the Sportsbook. Also, the hotel staff are likely homeless Las Vegas residents based on their demeanor, intelligence, and attire.
3	Awesome hotel if you're here for the convention center; not-so-awesome if you're here for everything else! With that being said, it's off-strip and by the north end of the strip. The plus to this location is that it's a pretty short cab ride to the Wynn/Encore.Most of the time, you can get a room here dirt-cheap through one of those last-minute booking apps/sites unless there's a convention going on. I've gotten a room for $31/nt. Dude, that's cheaper than a janky motel to handle yo business!The rooms are decent if you're just looking for a place to crash out and shower. It can get pretty lonely here.
1	i satyed here for valentines weekend had the worst experience ever!!!! at check in they had all my info wrong, 1st night we had bed bugs all over the bed...my cousin was bitten. it was very disgusting the worst part they even downgraded my room because they were sold out according to front desk people. at the end they charge me for both nights and all they gaved me was a claim #. i called them today for a refund and again the claim number they gaved me of course was wrong risk managment couldnt find my claim # and all they said is call customer service!!! wtf are they thinking after all i went through i still need to contact them. this is redicoulous!!!
2	I think I got bed bugs from this hotel. I just left after sleeping there for 2 nights during the MAGIC market week trade show and I am itchy all over and have weird red bite markets on my body. The hotel was cheap and convenient to the LVCC where part of the show was. Expensive drinks and a serious cigarette smoke smell and I'm a smoker! Honestly, it was a good deal for the most part but the only thing I really car about is cleanliness. It doesn't have to be luxury with fancy shops and restaurants when I'm on a business trip but clean, YES! I am so uncomfortable right now, I hope they get it together!!!! #gross
1	When you call  for reservation they try to upsell with resort club.now when you there using it the person who works at the 24th floor where you get the snacks and drinks , the person who works there is giving the customers a hard time to get in the place.been going there for the past couple of years seems like the services is getting less and less the past couple of years
1	This was my third time staying at the LVH. With my company,I travel to numerous trade shows, many of which are held in Las Vegas. This hotel is very dated but always seemed to be the best option for location and proximity to the convention center. Well, this particular trip turned ugly when on the second morning of my stay I woke up, went to the restroom and when I returned to bed, there were bed bugs crawling on the pillow. I had never seen one before but a quick search on my phone confirmed their identity. I called house keeping right away and they sent up a security guard that collected the bugs in little baggies. They sent up a bell hop to carry my things to my new room in the old unrenovated tower (downgrade). The security guard said you need to wash those clothes as soon as possible in hot water. I happened to agree. I had one more night to stay at the LVH and I in NO WAY wanted to transport those nasty creatures back to my home in FL. When I got to my new room and I made a call to find out about laundry services. I was passed around to about 4 different people before someone was able to tell me if my clothes could be laundered. House keeping passed me to the Bell hop, bell hop passed me to housekeeping. To make a long story short. It was the epitome of unorganized. Aside from the security guard saying one time, "Sorry for the inconvenience". That was the only time I was apologized to. I realize accidents happen and those bugs are a problem that hotels sometimes run into but I was shocked at how management did barely the minimum. A simple call from the manager with an apology would have gone a long way. But instead no apology as well as no compensation for my troubles, not only was a charged the full amount of the room and resort fees....I was also charged for one of the keurig coffee kits (I don't even drink coffee). This hotel was a huge disappointment, I will not be staying here again. Even though it is the most convenient to the convention center, I don't think poor customer service like I experienced, should be rewarded. Unfortunately, because of the trade shows and proximity to the center, I think they get much more business than they deserve. They have given up on customer service because of guaranteed business they get from the trade shows.
2	Woooaaaahhh.  This place has changed, and not in a good way, since they lost the Hilton title.  Some of the rooms are renovated.  They'll try to upsell you a renovated room when you get there.  The regular rooms are dated, but ok.  This isn't a 5 star strip hotel.  If you're here, you probably got a deal, or saw the dirt low price.  The resturaunts are good, and the buffet is average.  The sports book is maaaasssssiiivvveee.  See that dirt-low price?  Yeah, so did everyone else.  The place is now loaded with lower-end people.  I saw two fights with security the last time I was there; one involving no less then 5 security officers. (Jan 2014)So, yeah, the Fremont crowd found this hotel.  Friday and Sat nights is Latino club night; the band is actually good if your in a Spanish mood.  If you're the picky type, stay away.  You'll find plenty wrong.  If you want a dirt cheap hotel near the strip, this is the place.
1	Checked in, table was dirty and stained. Only 1 device can be on Internet BUT you can add more for $13.95 each. No comp in-room coffee ($3.50) per cup...this will be a one time stay. Just left circus circus where comp coffee as we had 3 devices using wifi...although LVH gives you $8 credit per day for not having housekeeping come in...
2	Just completed a 3 night stay at the LVH.  Nothing to write home about.  Service and amenities rated at 2 for the cost. We did not get the room dirt cheap either!! Then they charged extra for everything. Hotel staff including housekeeping and wait staff in the casino and restaurants were scarce...good service and attention to detail was lacking.
2	Yelp's statement for 2-star reviews couldn't say it better: "Meh. I've experienced better." I'm a Vegas Virgin (Well, WAS anyway) so I really couldn't wait for the Vegas experience! You know, the part where you open your wallet and flush all your money down the toilet? Metaphors, people. While my stay wasn't a bad one, there was definitely a lot that could have been done. For instance, the bathrooms seemed like there was minimal work done in there, with dust and a few other things dotted around the bathroom. Second, it felt like the restaurants in the hotel were a little expensive in comparison to the Luxor and Caesar's Palace. It was also a rather long walk to East Tower, but I probably need the exercise anyway.  And yes, the not-so-complimentary coffee was kind of an insult. Seriously, $3.50 a cup for something most other hotels do for free? If I couldn't find a cheaper/better deal, I'd go here. Otherwise, no.
1	Customer Service was Very Poor at the Buffet and The security was rude. feel so sorry for my kid and my husband.
1	Worst stay ever! Wow, where do I begin. I was going to say that our room was decent. That is, until we found animal droppings on the floor and then in our bedsheets!!!! Sad to say this but we were already in the bed when we noticed that something smelled foul. Disgusting! I know this hotel is pet friendly but that means that housecleaning had not changed the sheets!  (GROSS!!!!)Dinner seating at Benihana was horrible due to a lack of customer service and clearly a language barrier. This is Vegas people!  Learn the language of the land.  Dinner was good but after experiencing the rude hosts, I won't be going back. The next day we had lunch at the Burger Bistro. The host was courteous. We sat and our waiter was not interested in introducing us to the menu or how to order from their a la cart menu.  The food tasted good but we had to ask for refills since our waiter didn't come back to check on us. We later saw him, asked for our bill and had settle the bill with the host because he was nowhere to be found. As we were walking out he told us that we were supposed to give him the bill but we simply told him that we were tired of waiting for him to come around. He laughed it off and walked away. We let the restaurant manager know and even she didn't apologize for the lack of service. Now if none of this is enough, we decided to leave the hotel at 8pm the night before check out morning (16 hours before checkout time).  We patiently waited in the check out line and no one acknowledged us. Finally, there are 3-4 front desk clerks open and available to help clients, they look at us and continue to chit-chat amongst each other. I finally asked what seemed to be a desk manager overlooking the clerks on the other side of the counter if any of those available clerks had the capability to help us check out. He said yes and finally at that moment a clerk invited to help me at her station since I am openly complaining about the lack of assistance. I tell her I need to check out, give her my room keys and she tries to hit us with a $50 early checkout fee. I had to remind her of the feces-stained sheets and then she waived the early checkout fee. I couldn't believe it! I didn't ask for a discount or comps and this Nasty hotel is still trying to hit me. You would think that I could check out early since it would allow them to clean the room (assuming they clean it at all!) and rent it to the next person. I would have to say, the only good service we received was at the valet. Those guys were the only ones that we saw working hard. So because of the valet, I stand by the (1) star rating. Good luck staying at this hotel!
4	My wife told me to download the Hotels Tonight app, which gave us a coupon for a hotel stay. We chose LVH. We didn't expect much, but we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were decent and the bathroom was a nice size. It wasn't huge, but not as small as some places we've stayed either. It's worth checking out if you want a quick getaway.
4	First of all, a little context. We go to Vegas about once a month whenever we get bored with LA. That means we always grab last minute hotel deals, and we have stayed in a large number of hotels. Last week we went to Las Vegas for a show, and happened to stay at LVH. We are going again next week for the Supernatural Convention, and we will be at the Bellagio. Now, if I gave both the Bellagio and the LVH 4 stars, does it mean they are equally as nice? Hardly. Like many reviewers already know, you can score LVH at rock bottom prices. At one fifth of the cost of Bellagio, is the LVH only one fifth as nice? I'd say LVH is much better than that. It has the big Las Vegas hotel atmosphere (it used to be a Hilton). Big front entrance, bright and airy foyer, quick access to the check in counters (many large hotels make you grind through the casino area). Check in was quick and painless, although I must say that despite my effort to carry on a pleasant conversation with the clerk, she was all business and no smile. Curt, but not surly. The room faced the strip, though at an angle, so you are not staring down the center of the strip. Nice enough view anyway. The size, decor and cleanliness were good enough for a 3 star hotel. Bathroom was clean. While not flawless, it was well maintained. Shower pressure was fine even though it won't give you the tropical downpour experience that I prefer. The toiletries were of near-lux quality as well. The only issue I had with the room was the thin wall. While the entire stay was nice and quiet, in the wee hours of Saturday morning (5am) I was awakened by some couple nearby (next room or upstairs) going at it for 30 minutes. By the sound of it, she was definitely having a good time. You can chalk it up as a bother, but I'd say it was free entertainment.  It's about price versus value. For the same cost of a nice dinner you get to stay in a pretty decent hotel, so don't be snotty and say this is not palatial or luxurious enough for you. Having said that, I have to take a star off because, along with many other anxious people, we had to wait 45 minutes for the valet to bring our car. Checkout time on Sunday is tough for all hotel valets in Las Vegas, but I didn't see any hustle from these guys. Tips for future guests: self-park on the night before you check out.
1	This is the worst hotel in Vegas & maybe the world We booked a room for four people with four bed .. When we arrived there is just a living room  .. And a kitchen just. Sooooo baaaaad ..
1	The worst! The only reason I stayed here because it's convenient to walk to the convention center for the show.First it's not clean, the house keepers knock early because they don't provide a do not disturb sign, and they put you in a smoking section and they don't ask if you want it or not and you tell them they wont move you even if your allergic to smoke, Would never recommend this hotel!
1	This is the worst night ever ,I'm at LVH right now in my hotel room and disgusted ... I checked in @ 1130 when I walked in my room I saw the bathroom was not clean and the shower was rusted and stained , I called  the operator hoping that she could help me , but she was rude and had no intention to  help , I MADE A BIGGEST MISTAKE BOOKING ROOM AT THIS HOTEL , I called back hotels.com @ 00:57 and was on phone for 13 minutes they advised someone from the hotel will be  calling me and changing my room , its 1:48 am and I haven't received any call which explains the shitty service they have , NEVER AGAIN WILL BOOK ROOMS FROM HOTEL.COM AND LVH you should shut you facility and fix your dirty, Nasty and disgusting bathroom and change the stinking bed covers .
3	This was our first time going into the casino. We had a few friends stay here the last time we were in Vegas and they seemed to like it. The BF and I stopped in after dinner to hit the tables and try our luck. We didn't know what to expect but had a good time. Place is nice and i felt it was pretty "airy" for being a casino, bright and east to navigate. We had a good time at the roulette table.I was pretty surprised learn that they frequently hold "bandas" here. That was a first for me in Vegas, and I've been there more than enough times. Any who, not sure if we would ever book a room here but we'd come back for some table action.
1	Customer service is awful. Every person we have encountered here is short with us and downright rude. The rooms are not cleaned very well. Our towels were dirty and the shower is rusted. When walking back to the room last night at 11:30pm with my guy friend we encountered a group of guys shouting and starting to fight and there was no security in sight so we picked up our pace to get out of the area. We booked on hotel tonight and got a cheap deal since we were just doing a quick one night trip we didnt think we would care. We definitely will never come back to this hotel. And plan to notify hotel tonight of our awful and disapointing experience.
3	It's really not that bad of a hotel in my opinion....- Low minimum at the tables. $5 blackjack and Craps.- Cheap rooms without roaches roaming around, like others...- Not far off the strip but will require much driving and/or taxi service- Self-parking requires some walking into the hotel- Close to the convention center if that's part of your itinerary- Newly remodeled rooms in parts of the hotel, they give you the option to upgrade when checking in
1	I was told that internet was free at this hotel.When I showed up I found out that there is a $13.99 per night fee for internet service.Very disappointed.
2	The hotel looked really nice... From the outside.Had to wait in line for 20 minutes to check in, and this was after we had been awake for 30+ hours after driving and setting up at the convention center.We get to our room, and it is stiflingly hot. The AC doesn't work. Lovely. We try to open the windows. They don't open, just in case you decide to throw yourself out of them once you realize how bad this hotel is. The showers are cold. You are lucky if you get above body temperature. Great for waking up, if you don't want to pay their Starbucks prices for one lousy 12 oz cup of coffee.We were on a non-smoking floor, however, which the patrons didn't do. However, the cleaning staff lit up in the elevator area of our floor.There were four outlets in the room. One for the TV and coffee maker, but we couldn't actually access it.  Next was the light on the desk, which had a single plug in area. Next was the one next to one of the beds, which was looser than most of the escorts in the area. We awoke most mornings to dead cell phones. The last was in the sink area. But not in the bathroom. The rooms are incredibly dark. Probably so you can't see the stains on everything.We were facing towards the mountains, so one morning I got to see a beautiful sunrise, but mostly because the curtains were lousy.I'm disabled. Having to walk so far to get to my vehicle is beyond inconvenient. It's ridiculous.I will never stay at this hotel again. They charge out the nose for everything, including a "resort fee", whatever that is. I think it's just to connect to their lousy wifi. The husband isn't allowed to pick the hotel anymore. Ever.
1	Resort fee now $18.  Puts the lie to the rates they sell to booking services.  Thoroughly unscrupulous -- shame on both companies.
1	The absolute worst experience I have ever had for a Las Vegas Hotel.  First we arrived early at 1230 and was told that they had no rooms available for early check-in.  That's understandable and I realized that it was a little early.  We were told that the room should be ready by 3pm.  We finally show back up at 3 and was told that they still had no rooms for us.  Instead they wanted to put us into a handicap room.  We refused and they "found" us another room.  After we walked up and opened the door, lo and behold the room was still dirty and not clean.  We call the front desk and told them about the situation and were given no other choices other than to wait for the maid to clean it.  This is the most in accommodating and unprofessional hotel I have ever stayed at.  After waiting outside the room for an hour the room is finally cleaned and we get to go inside.  I will never stay here again!  Pay the extra cash and don't suffer the headache.
1	Don't stay here! This place needs some serious work. Filthy carpets and tubs. I regret booking at this hotel.
1	This hotel should if been torn down with the Stardust, Desert Inn, etc...Rooms and hallways smell musty. Water pressure sucks, elevators are slow... Plus a coffee shop in Vegas open from 6am to 2pm...? I've been coming here 38 years and Vegas will never be the same. It was better when it was ran by the mob.
2	This place was only $18.00 for the one night I stayed here, it is not worth one penny more.The wait to check-in was over an hour, on Tuesday, at midnight. The room furnishings were old, out dated and uncomfortable.  The bed was hard and uncomfortable. Service was okay. The air conditioning did not work.  The shower water pressure was low and not hot.  Bathroom linens old and worn out.  Bed linens looked like they have been used since the 1970's.
1	the only reason I give this a 1 is because I cant give them a zero.  in 30 years of coming to vegas this is by far the MOST DISAPPOINTING EVER !!!!!  and I guarantee they wont care because they are next to the convention center and I say to you.....GO ANYWHERE ELSE.     from the over hour wait to check in with minimum  employees (after a ten hour drive to get there....argh) to the waitress in the casino who would not let me PAY for a drink for some of us waiting AN HOUR TO CHECK IN.........attitude by just about everyone ,to the ..."I'm sorry, we don't have anything more (then our crappy unrenevated rooms) to "what if a tip was included"....."then maybe I could do something for you" which he miraculously got me the ADJOINING ROOM NEXT TO MY FAMILY ---which was not available until a tip and a little shuffling was involved....although I do thank him for the 15 mins of shuffling everyone down a bit )  AND  REMEMBER TO BRING YOUR TOOTH BRUSH cuz it has to be the only hotel in vegas without disposable brushes and 1/2 oz of tooth paste to get you thru the night...................IF it wasn't for my family already being there for a convention)  I WOULD HAVE WALKED TO THE NEAREST HOTEL OR HOUSE AND BEG A COMPLETE STRANGER IF I COULD SLEEP ON THIEr FLOOR   and allow me to add that i paid for wi-fi (really????)  for the sole purpose of YELPING   TO SAVE YOU THE ANGST !!!!!    Your welcome.
1	Toilet leaked, filthy carpets, had to call for maid service both days we were here, long 45 minute check in. Wonder why Hilton dropped this hotel? Do yourself a favor ang go across the street to Marriott Summerfield suites (?sp) Fail.
4	I got a great deal on this hotel via Expedia. I didn't have any experience with hotels off the strip so this one seemed well enough for me! I called to reconfirm my reservation after I booked it and the woman who answered the phone was pretty rude. I prepared myself for a rude person when I checked in and was pleasantly surprised by the woman, Michelle, who was perky and kind while checking my friend and I in. Granted, the line was about 50 people long because it was just after 3...and check in starts at 3. I suggest getting there a little early. I was able to change my room to two double beds instead of one king bed which was nice. The room itself was clean, the beds were made well and the window had a nice view of the strip. The elevators weren't slow...but if you pressed more than 4 buttons at a time it reset and you had to re-enter them. The AC in our room worked so well, and I'm thankful for that. I can't sleep when it's hot. I was taken aback however by the lack of water pressure. It was hot, but I couldn't even feel the water hitting my head. The outlets were hard to find and difficult to get to, and the only one that worked really well was next to the sink. The other ones were far too loose. The beds were really comfortable though. The casino was decent. The paradise cafe has decent food, and the best OJ I've had in a loooooong time. Also, the K-Cups in the room MUST work on a sensor. All I did was pick one up to look at it ($3.50 for coffee?! Are you insane? I'll go grab a real latte for that!) and when I went to check out they told me I had used one. Be careful of that upon check out! She reversed the charge for me.If I were to stay here again it would have to be through another online deal, I didn't hate this place, but I didn't love it. It gets 4 stars because the room was clean and the staff was nice.
1	Don't go I have been coming here for the last 7 years and it used to be good but since the bank took it over it is horrible don't eat here and don't risk a night to stay here
3	I must say I expected a bit more... Overall, its just "okay" here. We stayed here because it's so close to the convention center. You can either walk or take the monorail. The staff at the check in/out counter were very friendly which was welcomed after such a long wait in line each time. We stayed for a week.**There is NO FREE WIFI!!!**Do not be decieved! It costs PER device PER day!We paid extra for a "strip view room" but all we could see was the monorail and the Rivera. Furthermore this hotel needs an update especially the room's bathrooms. The dim lighting and that 70's pink tile made my skin crawl. The casino is nothing spectacular but it has all the games. There is no shuttle service that runs regularly to and from this hotel and airport... so plan accordingly.  There are a few food options within the hotel. We ate at the burger resturant. It's was again "okay". It was a bit busy but it only seemed to have 3 servers working so patience is key. We also ate at the buffet for lunch. There are a few good options.  The only plus to me was there was free beer and wine ;). I am not very likely to stay here again bc of the convience of the monorail to better yelp rated, comparable hotels in the area is simply too good to resist. If you do stay I suggest you bring a cooler for beverages and your own ice because it's quite a trek to find the few avaliable ice machines in that hotel.
3	Here for a trade show in April 2014. We paid $28 a night and I don't smoke or gamble.Highlights:Monorail access from hotelNice 3rd floor outdoor poolRoom was just fineLowlights:SmokeyUbiquitous music playingWould stay here again if I had to. But would like some variety for next time.
4	If you area a true sports bettor, then the lvh is the place for you. They have every sport imaginable to bet. These guys will take any amount money on a game unlike other casinos that cap you at 1100 for a side and 500 for a total. This is definitely the place to be this final four.
5	I am a local so keep that in mind. I like the feel of this hotel. If You have traveled you know what I mean. The buffet is great even though I am not a big buffet person. Try the fried oysters. The talapia is awesome. The rooms are clean and large. Yes I stayed here even though I am local. Rates are great!!
3	I'm sure this was a happenin' place in the 70's.  The lobby and casino were nice but the casino becomes very smoky in the mid-afternoon to evenings so if you have breathing problems, this will be an issue for you.  I had to take a shower each time I got back to the room.  The rooms are large but dated.  Ask for a remodeled room, not sure why they all haven't been remodeled. ?  Baths are marble, floors and walls and doors are from the 70's.  The food was spotty.  Room service was prompt and the staff was great but the food was hit or miss.  Shrimp was great, the prime rib sandwich was pretty bad.  The girls @ the hotel store were snotty as were the hostesses @ the Paradise Cafe.  The bartender @ Vince Neil's place was great, the food was good, the prices great for happy hour but the drinks were weak.  Location wasn't great unless you had a convention next door but it is on the monorail line which is convenient and not too expensive.  Vegas used to be a good deal but not so much any more.  Food is very expensive, travel is expensive and the casino's are really tight.  I lost this time which I typically break even.  Not sure I'll come back and probably won't stay here again.  Bally's and Mirage are much nicer.
1	This hotel was awful, and is somewhere I would definitely not stay again, I don't care how good of a deal they are offering.  The floors in the room were spotted and stained.  Someone else's used soap was left for me in the shower, the television did not work (I attempted to have this corrected while I was at the hotel, but it was never fixed).  The in room safe would not work, and the monorail running outside all night kept me awake.  I did not feel like the room was clean or well maintained, and the area surrounding the hotel is quite run down.  I am from the Las Vegas area and go back to visit on occasion, and this hotel leaves a lot to be desired.  You would be better off looking for an off strip location than staying at this hotel.
2	2 1/2 stars.The good: I was here for a convention, so the hotel being so close to the action was a plus. The monorail station out back is tremendously convenient, and the room I had (1520) was spacious and had a great view of a nearby golf course, the Stratosphere, and Fremont Street off in the distance.The bad: It's so far removed from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. The monorail becomes your best friend if you stay here. The lack of electrical outlets in the room is an issue, there were what appeared to be cigarette burns in the rug by the closet, and the bath had a drip I couldn't quite stop. Also, I do gamble a bit, and whenever I walked by, the casino floor looked DEAD.We were only here for a night. It did the job, and there were some positives to note. That said, I probably wouldn't stay here again unless it was for another convention.
1	Worst hotel ever. When we got to our room it was not clean, garbage had not been dumped from previous people in there, called housekeeping - lady answered chewing her gum and could care less. Room appears old and not kept up. One bed was old and lumpy, TV only got 8 channels, windows dirty, room service not really room service - no menu - had to do by phone. Spent a lot of money for nothing but because of convenience to the convention next door. Will never stay there again.
1	Don't stay at the LVH in Las Vegas. I have stayed at the hotel for 8 years while attending a trade show and it has slowly gotten worse. When Hilton had the property it was a great place. Now the staff is aloof and rude. It is poorly maintained (had a runny faucet that was never fixed during an 8 day stay after daily complaints), errors in reservations, requests ignored, and you have to fight through the hookers at night to get to the elevators.On top of all this one is barraged all over the hotel by time-share sales pitches.Save yourself the pain and stay away from the LVH.
3	Got a great deal on a room for a cpl nights! Room was pretty nice, service not so much. There was no room service menu provided in the room and neither house keeping or the front desk had any nor knew where any were. Both departments kept sending me back to the other with no luck, and there was no 24hr place to eat. During my stay I never saw one. Hotel is peaceful with a bit of an older crowd. Nice sportsbook.
4	I love the fact that the monorail goes into the hotel, nice clean rooms. Awesome sportsbook.
3	Place was nice but what got me was damn resort fees and I wasn't aware of it until 2 days ago and they charged me for a bottle of water I did not use and you have to pay WiFi per day get out of here with that crap I wasn't even aware you can get connection on one device I didn't get to use that ask about it The buffet I didn't try it The pool was nice but jacuzzi was closed Casino was kind of dead but I prefer it that way
2	The sports book and buffet here are great and gambling is cheap during the morning but I will never stay here again... first they charge you 20 dollar a day resort fee THEN if you want to use the weight room you have to pay ANOTHER 20 DOLLARS A DAY!!!! sorry but no other hotel has ever charged 2 resort fees for two different gym AT THE SAME HOTEL!!!! lvh love your sports book but ill never stay here again the rooms are ok but I can pay a cheaper resort fee and hotel rate else where and it will be better
2	Pros1) military discount and relatively affordable2) location is pretty good just off strip Cons1) little dirty2) ice machine was broken and they took 30 minutes to bring ice3) jets in bath did not work and when I called to ask them to be fixed they said they would send someone but never did 4) charged Internet fee even if you do not use the InternetBasically get the good with the bad.  Long check in line (40 minutes) but gave us free drink tickets when I asked).  Paid extra for view of strip and was cool but windows had water stains.  Can work if you are on a budget.
2	Pros:Decent price for 6 days $118 (taxes and/or fees made it $172; a lil surprised by that but discount came from employer)Location is off strip and within walking distance to strip sideCONS:Just cable with a few basic channels. It's more like they picked and chose channels. There's no HBO OR SHOWTIME. Motel 6, Howard Johnson, and Americas Best Value have HBO. WHY NOT LVH?Hotel is NOT KID friendly. You pay $18.xx daily in resort fees that should include FREE INTERNET OR WIFI and they charge you $50 for incidentals.Soda machine on 8th floor had expired sodas from February 2014 (this is April 2014).Room service had expired sodas from November 2013 (yes, 2013!)Verbally told housekeeping that services wasn't needed and they still entered in the room.Paradise Cafe is OVERPRICED as many other restaurants in Las Vegas!Although this is my first time staying at this hotel, I expected a bit more because it used to be Hilton.
1	We paid a 'resort fee' however the jacuzzi was closed, the deceiving swimming pool was nasty dirty. Our bed sheets did not look clean and my daughter left with bug bites...we filled a complaint but the only thing we heard was ' pest control said nothing was detected'. Seems like they do whatever they want...what else can I do besides never staying at that hotel anymore. Buffet was good though.
1	There's not much to do at the Las Vegas Hotel that you can't do at other hotels of much better quality. If you're going to stay here, I recommend bringing some food or water of your own or you'll just end up spending an unnecessary amount of money buying them. My room seemed really old, especially the bathroom! My entire hall also smelled like weed... At least the lady behind the concierge desk was helpful in showing us things we could do. If you're going to stay at a hotel in Las Vegas, you might as well choose a better and more interesting hotel.
4	This hotel overall is great.  The internet had issues the whole weekend we were there, however, the room was awesome.  Perfect for my boyfriend and I.  The tub was huge, a lot of space and definitely upgraded.  We stayed in the east tower, which was extremely quiet (even though there was a bunch of people there for a cheerleading competition next door and a Pacquiao fight that weekend).  All in all, loved it.  Lots of self-parking and valet available.
5	This review is geared to frequent or business travelers.5 stars because, as a players club member, they treat me FAR better than the rate they charge. As a road warrior who spends a lot of time in Vegas, the LVH is fantastic. By far the best Casino Hosts for someone who does not gamble a whole lot. I get treated like a King and that makes my Vegas grind so much better. Over the years I have stayed at pretty much every hotel on the strip. Unless you gamble heavily, most hotels have no love for you. The LVH is the exception but they are a little off the strip. Not an issue for me since I'm there for work , first and foremost. I highly recommend road warriors stay here and get yourself a player club card. Gamble a little on the slot machines or tables, to let them know you're alive, and then on your next trip, get a casino host assigned to you and milk them for upgrades. Often times, since vacancy is higher in the "off strip" hotels, I have been able to get awesome upgrades for standard rates. After calling on customers all day, who doesn't want to come home to a pimped out suite? Bottom line is that since the LVH came out of bankruptcy, they have proven loyal to the customers that are loyal to them. The old school Hilton feel is alive and well here, and unless that changes, they have earned my undying patronage. Gambling: My goal is to catch a good beer buzz off the free booze before I run out of chips. I also want to have a good time while losing my paycheck. The LVH has always done me right in this regard. Seriously,  the greatest dealers and pit bosses out there. I always have a good time.Food: Meh. Sports book deli is pretty much it for late night. The buffet is adequate. Vince Neals' place is ok. The steak house is good. The rest are predictable chain restaurants.  Not amazing but they don't suck either.Sports Book: If you like sports betting, this is a great choice. Best sports book in Vegas overall. Rooms: In over 50 nights stayed, I've never had an issue with cleanliness or maintenance issues.  And as someone who stays in hotels a lot, I do a thorough check for all manner of nasties and bugs.Rates: I get mailers all the time from the LVH. My rate is usually around $20 with the rare exception that a big event is in town and they have a high expected occupancy. Yes there are resort fees and Internet charges, but it's still $40 cheaper than the next closest hotel. In addition, I get at least a few nights free every month so a lot of my stays are free.
3	The location sucks, but using the monorail isn't so bad. And it's cheaper than taking taxis every where.The hotel is cheap af, but you get hat you pay for. The rooms are whatever. I've stayed in a room where the bathroom is old and I stayed in a room with newly remodeled bathrooms. Definitely try and get the upgraded rooms.Their valet takes forever so I suggest to self park.
5	If you want a Ballroom and Stage an Event like we did, our 20th Anniversary Celebration, Ken Ratigan and LVH Banquet Department is the BEST!  Superior in every aspect!.  I do 30 Seminars around North America every year so I'm very familiar with the business and I (& my wife) have NEVER found anyone better than Ken Ratigan!  He and his staff were attentive to all our needs, multiple options and making it all come together.  The remodeled hotel rooms and upgrades were excellent.
4	First let me say that I gave LVH 4 stars because I paid 38.00 a night including resort fees for my room. The room was big and clean. Everything worked.  Only complaint was the low water pressure in the shower and the extra charges for cable channels you should have got for free. We used the monorail to get down to the strip. Joined the players club and received free tickets to their Rock the Vault show which was fun. We arrived early at 10am and checked in within 5 minutes. Staff was very friendly.  Really liked the swimming pool. Restaurants were okay for the price.  My friend won 70.00 on the nickel slots. They give you a food or drink credit every morning of 16.00 if you go Green and don't have them clean your room. Just remember to call before 1am to let them know. That paid for our morning coffee and bagel!  Bottom line...  If you want to feel pampered don't stay here. Go to the Wynn or other hotels like that but be prepared to pay for it.  LVH is no frills. But a really good hotel for people like me who like a good bargain.
1	Do not stay here!!!! It is not even worth the twenty dollar a night rate. I booked this room on a whim due to a last minute decision to leave for Vegas early with a midnight arrival. I had reservations for the rest of the weekend at a four star resort so my stay at the LVH was just for one night. With six medical conferences this weekend many of the nice resorts were either sold out had nightly rates $300 above their norm. I should have taken the tips by many other fellow Yelpers to stay somewhere else. The LVH is run down, off the strip, and the clientele here is what you would expect for a $20/night hotel. HOOD RAT, HOOD RAT, HOOCHIE MAMA!  The beds are the most uncomfortable I have ever slept in. The shower drains slowly, and each time you flush the toilet you will be worried that it will get backed up. I was excited to see a Keurig coffee maker in the room but I was instantly disappointed because you would like to enjoy your in-room Keurig there is a $3.50 charge. I only give the LVH one star because of the lovely woman running the craps table. Her customer service far surpassed my expectations of this establishment. She was the only hi-light of my stay at the LVH. I am a Vegas veteran from Southern California and in all my visits I have never been so excited for the 11:00 a.m. check out time until now.  I will NEVER stay here again! At the LVH you definitely get what you pay for.
1	Let me start by saying that I am only staying here for a show we are exhibiting at the convention center.  Booking this hotel was strictly due to to it's strategic location next to the exhibit hall.  Although, after making the haul back and forth from LVH to convention center via the monorail (south hall still too far to walk), I would suggest staying at the Renaissance right next to the convention center.   I felt stupid the first time I got off the monorail and saw the Renaissance right smack next to it. It made the haul back to this crappy hotel sting that much more.Rooms:  I do agree with the other yelpers that the room was not updated, but at least mine was clean, thank God.  The TV reception stunk, the definition comparable to that of a box TV and no channels. Absolutely, no outlets!  It was like frontier town.  It is 2014, we have gadgets we need to power up, but LVH still only thinks we just need one for a hair dryer.  Between my iPad, iPhone, and laptop I had to juggle how much usage I used for each because there was not enough hours in the day to charge each one at a time.  Again, thank God my room was at least clean.Casino: Depressing. This word probably sums up this entire hotel.  Half the time I could not tell if the people at the slot machines had expired or just taking a cat nap between pressing "spin."  By the smell of things, my first guess would be expired.Food: This by far was the worst part of my stay.  First spot I ate was 888 noodles for lunch.  It was okay.  Took 20 minutes and asking three times to get my check. Just because it is Chinese cuisine do they really have to hire Chinese people that speak little to no English?  Second spot I ate was the Buffet. My three dogs would barf this back up.  Purine quality at best. You got free beer and wine with buffet purchase but I would rather spend 10 bucks for a drink then have to fight over the pig slop they are serving under hot lamps. And the clientele here was like a Springer reunion show.  It is 'all you can eat' folks, why all the pushing and shoving?  I felt like I was in the wild competing with the other predators for my meal.  I was throwing elbows left and right with the rest of them just for the hell of it after a while.  Third meal was the Paradise Cafe for breakfast.  I think they need to look up the definition of the word Paradise and then properly rename this place, Offensive Cafe.  The food and decor was just that, offensive.  I can't believe I even stayed after they sat me.  The last meal I tried there was Bistro Burger.  Waiter was bothered by having to wait on me and the burger was a step above Burger King, and I am not a fan of Burger King.  So now I get up and take the long haul on the monorail to the strip just for a meal that won't make me feel like something died in my stomach an hour after I ate it.  Overall:  Food sucked a big one, clientele was like vacationing with Cousin Eddy's family from the movies 'Vacation' and this place is so far from everything you spend most of your time walking/cabbing/or on that damn monorail. Laborious.DEPRESSING.
3	LVH was good to us. It's off the strip a little, which I appreciated because it's nice to be away from the hustle & bustle. My husband and I stayed here for a last minute birthday getaway for a weekend and I booked this hotel like less than 24 hours before our arrival. I was satisfied with the pricing and it totaled around $225 for two nights including the $40 resort fee (which is a dumb fee, but it's whatever). Check-in was smooth & totaled about 7 minutes. We got there after dark so the line was pretty empty. I was fooled & got excited because the service agent motioned my husband and I to come to this secret-looking back room for check-in. I thought we were gonna get an upgrade or something! Not so much, haha.The room was pretty simple. We had two queen beds, a flat screen TV, and it was pretty roomy. There was a table and two office style chairs. The room was very well-cleaned and well-lit and we were satisfied. The bathroom, on the other hand, was a little on the small side and it's pretty cramped where the mirror and countertop are. The mirror and countertop actually sit right outside of the bathroom and in front of the closet, if that makes sense. We got a non-smoking room but the hotel as a whole still smelled like smoke. But it's Vegas so we weren't too surprised by that.I can't review the casino, Superbook, or food because we weren't in the hotel much for any of those. We did eat at Vince Neil's Tatuado cantina several times though for the late-night Mexican food and $1 shooters, which were delicious and definitely a plus!Our main gripes were for the confusing parking and the elevators. Both are really out of the way and are difficult to get to. The second day was smoother but still difficult to navigate through. I'd stay at LVH again. It was worth what we paid for and was nice for us overall!
2	This place sucked. They put us in a room next to the elevator shaft so all night you hear the elevator go up and down. When you gamble no servers around for drinks. The rock concert was good. The sales people for the time share bombard you right when your trying to get to your elevator which is annoying. Won't be stating there again.
3	This place is huge, as every place in Las Vegas is, but it did the trick for a single night in town before we headed out to the Grand Canyon. Conveniently on the train line, so easy to get to the strip, but nice to get a little away from it at the end of the day. Room was clean and fine. No more or less smoky or crowded than any other place in Vegas. Check in and checkout were quick and easy. My husband and kids enjoyed the pool, though it was really, really crowded. Only warning is not to waste your money at the "diner" restaurant in the hotel - WAY overpriced.
2	$14 for internet after $20 resort fee per day.  Happy hour at pool was fun, 4 to 8.  Loved the shows, rock revival and mo5iac.  Some employees complete assholes.  Got hosed on crystal-light tasting Margaritas at vince Neils place.  Dirty shower, white grout was black. They recommended a cab service, we used them, and were charged $45 for a ride from airport.  Cabby named Soliman, avoid this dick wad. Quite frankly all of Vegas seemed like a rip off.  Probably not going back.
4	Just returned from a long Vegas weekend.  This place was AWESOME!  I was honestly worried after reading the reviews, but this place ROCKED in every aspect of accommodations that affected me.  Check-in was smooth and they accommodated my early arrival.  There were 20 or 21 check-ins ahead of me and it took exactly 22 minutes for me to reach the counter.  I stayed in the East Tower on the 10th floor.  AWESOME ROOM.  Furniture still smelled new, carpet was new, view was incredible.  Bathroom remodel was rather plush, with nice furniture grade fixture and marble floors and shower walls.  Hot water instantly, great drainage, and plush towels.  Nice shampoo, and conditioner, and lotion.  Nice soaps, too.  Closet had real hangers.  Nice 37" flat screen and a little refrigerator.  Staff everywhere was ridiculously cool-  Randy at check-in, housekeeping (sorry, I forgot your name!) and the various restaurants.  Everyone was way, way nice.  Yes, there is a $20/day resort fee that sucks.  You do get in-room WiFi for a single device.  I couldn't log into it-  seemed overwhelmed with users when I tried using it.If you are a sports bettor, the Superbook is AWESOME!  Whole staff there was fantastic!  Even the drink service was plentiful.  (Judging from my waking condition, one might say too plentiful...)  Don't be too skeptical-  They've emerged from their BK period and pumped a lot of cash into the place.  I recommend finding the many discounters and giving this place a try.  Priceline has decent deals there, as do, I'm sure, all the others.  Monorail is right there.  Use the multi-ride discount if you need to get to the strip a few times.  Note the cab ride in traffic cost me $27.50 from the airport but only $18.50 returning.  Their deli closes intermittently.  This place is four Yelp stars.  Give it a shot!
1	While the location of this hotel is great, the beds are incredibly uncomfortable, my bathroom had hair in it from a previous guest, the tv reception appears as if it's coming through an antenna, their banquet servers for a conference I'm attending are incredibly rude, and my laptop has acquired a virus through the wifi connection. I'll return to Vegas, but will never stay here again! Thank goodness the other casinos are close by, as the one here is depressing and outdated. Take your hard earned money and spend it elsewhere.
2	I stayed here for a conference recently. The conference rooms were decent, but the hotel room was a disappointment for me. The rooms are dated and not worth roughly the $100 per nightI was charged. I would not stay here again. Thanks, but no thanks.
3	Great hotel and casino.Hotel rooms are mediocre, beds are very comfortable, room service is great!Hotel bathrooms are not very nice and dark.Resort amenities are a 6 out of 10, and your options are limited.Casino: I would say its nice, but the atmosphere can be improved by some live plants on the casino floor,since everything is so artificial.Prices are great for what you get, and for that reason I would recommend LVH to others.
5	This hotel and casino is great and good priced. The monorail goes along the hotel and is we'll worth the day.
2	I have been to the LVH several times and the last time I was there, last week, I was sitting at a game and a guy comes up to me and asks for a cigarette.  I say no and he gets in my face.  I hit the service button on the machine and again tell him I'm not giving him a cigarette.  He stands there and stairs me down.  By this time I'm pretty sure he's gonna hit me or perhaps pull a knife, but finally he walks away.  Five minutes later an attendant finally comes and asks, "What's the problem?".  It tell them my story and apparently they know about "this guy".   Deviant crackheads are everywhere because the "hood" is just down the street.  I know this isn't exactly LVH's fault though.  The gaming is difficult at best, the drinks are overpriced and seem to go up and down in price, depending on which bar/bartender you visit.  I've been charged $4 up to $7.50.  What is the real price here?!?!?  The only thing positive I can tell you is that the buffet is great, the sports book is really nice and a great place to make your bet.
4	Loved it. Nice location OFF THE STRIP, but real close. Catch the Monorail to the strip. Pool area was fun. Went to "Old School" by the pool enjoyed live R&B Music, as well as a DJ spinning classic R&B. Room was wonderful. I think people who give this hotel a bad rating are part of the 1%. If you are expecting billionaire service on a Hundredaire budget, then  all I can do is laugh at you.
1	worst place I have ever stayed.  What a dive. Food on the floor when I checked in. Asked to have it cleaned but to no effect. It is like daylight in the room at night. Black outs where removed and the remaining are worthless  The bed is hard as a rock with a worn out lumpy torn mattress pad. Desk chair is broken cannot lean back or will flip you.  Needs a major overhaul.
3	Stayed here simply because we got a deal that we could not pass up. The hotel itself is ok for the pricing. You get your standard nice size room and you may have a view depending on the side you are on. There are a couple of food places that stay open all night in the hotel. The hotel is a tad bit on the older. Its about two miles from the strip but there's a monorail that will take you there. All in all i can say not to bad.
1	Two and a half stars and going down, I suppose. Lets start from the beginning. The check-in was user unfriendly, and the staff seemed oblivious that a line was forming and seemed more interested in conversing with each other than help the guests check in.The hallway smelled old rather a Las Vegas hotel even if it isn't one of the more pricey hotels.The room smelled the same. On first tour of the room, one thing stood out even when compared to the Motel 6's and Super 8's across the country. The charged you for the coffee. $2 a cup. I almost thought they were offering complimentary bottled water, but nope... it stated that it would charged to your room if you opened it. I started to pull back the sheets when I noticed that you'd be charged extra if you used the bed. No, just kidding, but I am serious about the coffee and water. Strange. The water pressure was almost nil. The TV was missing ANY paid cable station (HBO, Showtime, etc). The only thing that I DID like was the view as we were on the 20th floor, and the morning view was awesome. I'm looking forward to moving on!
2	Recently stayed at LVH for Baker to Vegas weekend.  I was very disappointed to learn they charge $3/day for the use of the safe and rooms were adaquate at best.  There was even wall paper coming off of the wall in the bathroom.Upon arriving home I learned that LVH FROZE my account for the entire amount of my room TWICE plus incidentals.  Upon calling them, they did not fix the problem and stated it may take up to 5 business days to get my money back that they locked up.Don't think I will be staying here again.
1	LVH....DO NOT STAY here!!! Very poor customer front desk service. Took us an hour and a half to check in. They overbook people and make promises they can't keep. Why note remarks in your computer if you can't honor them....Very poor business. They told me I would get a double bed, adjoining room with my sister. They gave up that room and then said they would put us on the same floor at least. They gave that one up too and then they put us in the "parlor room". Basically made it seem all fancy but when we get there all they have in the room is a Murphy bed, a 2 person love seat.  I requested a Rollaway bed for my kids and they said it may take 4 hours...it's 3am now and nothing. The couch doesn't even pull out. TV reception is fuzzy for all stations. My son had to sleep in two chairs put together because they overbooked and gave up my reserved room. The manager then noted in my file that I would get a new room the next morning. She even gave me a new room number...I called 2 times for my new room and they gave that specific room up too. I spoke to the day manager on the next day who was able to rectify the situation needless to say, I wasn't going down without a fight for fairness. She offered me a new room that still needed to be cleaned and couldn't give me a time when it would be ready. It turned out to be the handicapped room with a wheelchair accessible shower that made the bathroom floor wet the whole entire time of our stay.  So...I repeat... Save yourself the hassle....DO NOT STAY AT LVH!!! WORST hotel EVER!!!
2	So I stayed here because the event I was attending was here and they offered a great price for Memorial Day weekend.  That is where the good stuff ended.  We waited close to an hour to check in...at 1am!  Then to help us feel better about that we got an "upgraded" room.  Got to the room and there was a dressed up Murphy bed that folded into the wall.  To be fair it was comfortable...however if that was an upgrade, I really do not want to see the regular rooms.  Next the Internet was $14 per 24hrs.  When we went to use the safe it wasn't working.  To their credit they did say it would take 30 min for someone to come look and it only took 10 and he fixed it within five minutes.  Just felt like if the room price wasn't so great on a holiday weekend I would have been extremely upset.  Know you are not getting super customer service...just getting basic stuff without the class even if they try to say it is classy.
2	What an iconic property, The casino looks so classy. It seems the owners of this place do not realize its potential. No money has been pumped into making this a better place. The Casino is large, the buffet is good but pricey, and it has the biggest sportsbook in the city (if you like sports--i dont)The Rooms are better than average and although some rooms received upgrades, some other areas of the property could use a refresh too.The LVH is connected by monorail to the rest of town so transportation is no worries here. You can expect a good room and good stay
2	As a prerequisite to my review, I would like to add that I did not use the casino, bars, pool, or shops. I was here for my siblings' basketball tournament over Memorial Day weekend, and it was my first time in Vegas. The rooms were nothing special. The beds were pretty comfortable, the TV offered a few channels (though some were pretty fuzzy), and the room was spacious enough for the 4 of us. However, I seriously disliked the bathroom. It was extremely outdated with pink tiled floors, a toilet seat stained yellow, and a shower head that was much too small to accommodate to my 5'8 frame. Unless you are 5'5 or smaller, you would have been too tall to take a comfortable shower. Our water pressure seemed to spit out like bullets, but my parents claimed their shower next door barely trickled the water out. I'd like to add that as a woman, I was slightly irked that there wasn't a trash can in the bathroom. Who wants to carry a used genome product outside the bathroom to a trash can in the sink area? The room offered keurig coffee for $3.50 a pop, $4 water that I got for a dollar across the street, and wifi for about $15 a day. Completely ridiculous. One of the worst parts about the hotel are the elevators. We would have to press the button two or three times because the elevators were always full. If you want to make 12:00 check out, go early! It's a madhouse. I'm not too familiar with Vegas, but if you come for an experience, I would pass on LVH.
4	I was at the LVH for a family wedding May 23-26, 2014.1.  Hotel Rooms.  Hotel room was very nice.  Mostly all new carpet, fabrics, etc. Very clean, very nice.  Comfortable bed.  My whole family had rooms there so I got to see various rooms and they were all equally nice.  2.  Hotel check-in.  Ouch! There was a terrible line for check-in -- probably 150 people -- but they handled it quickly.  This was probably to be expected on the Friday of the Memorial day weekend.  All the staff was polite and helpful.  We had ordered a wheelchair for my elderly father and they had it ready to go.  LVH is run well, from what I experienced.3.  Property.  This hotel was formerly the Las Vegas Hilton.  It was one of the very best hotels back in the day.  Now there are dozens of fancy, themed hotels, so this hotel is showing its age.  It's just not exciting like the others.  The guest rooms were recently refurbished and quite nice but the building in general is showing its age.  It's still nice but just not at the very grand scale of the new places.  Elevators were a challenge -- sometimes a 5 min wait during peak times.4.  Pool area.  Great!5.  Cost.  Very low.  $79/night.5.  Location.  Location is off the strip but there's a monorail to take you there.
1	This was the worst ever to stay for Memorial Day Weekend. Did not know that they would be lots of kids staying due to the Baskeball & Valley Ball Touranmant! UGH!  I reserved a double bed room 1 1/2 in advance. Stood in line over 30 mins to get a dirty room with 1 king side bed, that was all they had left. WTF! Shouldnt I havent gotten what I paid for? Went into the room, plopped on the bed, we were so tired considering we just drove 4 hours. As the day went on we notice the tub was dirty with hair it the tub. And the tub facuet would not stop running, we had to close the bathroom door. Gross. Left the room to go to the pool. Came back and heard a piecring noise. Me and my sister couldnt figure out where it was coming from. I picked up the alarm clock, messed with it for 2 mins trying to turn it off. Here is the kicker it was UNPLUGGED! I opened the door and placed hte damn alarm clcok on the floor. An employee was walking by so I ended up giving him the alarm clock. Of course there was no way in hell we could of gotten another room due to it being sold out! The next day, Sunday found an eyelash on the ground and gum under the bed. Ice machine was not working on our floor, we had to go up one level to get ice. The ac/heater is noisy!Nice shopsBuffet alrightCoffee tea place decentNIce employeesGood drinks at the pool 4pm-7pm, 2 for 1 drinksNever again will I stay here. Unless Im accomodated really well!
1	I"m pretty disappointed in Las Vegas Hotel & Casino. I definately don't remember   Las Vegas Hilton, previously named, being this unattentive and responsive to one of their guests. I decided to write their customer relations dept, who it seemed to be emailed to a "TPIXLER but still have not received any type of acknowledgement of receipt. Won't ever be staying here again....no matter how desperate I get that for sure. Here is what I emailed on 05/05/14 if you guys want to read. LVH consumer relations,I stayed  at your hotel on 05/XX-05/XX, this last weekend visiting Las Vegas. I used to stay at your hotel alot in the previous years in which I had great memories all around. I'm glad to see that it is still the same as when it used to be Hilton but with new rennovated sections, but also some servicing concerns. I am a long time patron of your hotel even if it was during the Hilton days. I am writing you today to address an issue directly instead of "yelp"ing it or "trip advisor"ing like everyone else does because I would really like to stay here again. Upon my arrival, your hotel's check-in was easy and gentlemen who helped me was very pleasant. He gave us a regular size smoking room near the elevator on the 12th floor. When arriving into our hotel room, it was as I remembered it with some upgrades such as the Keurig coffee maker...very nice. The bathroom seems to be decent but noticed some things that seemed to be not up to "LVH" standards i'm sure.  When taking a bath, there were two different porcelain soap holders, lower near the tub and higher up the wall about eye level. The higher up one had crusty dirt and grime that could be caked on from possible old soap residue covering about 1/3 of the holder along with a string of long hair. The lower soap holder was clean. Since i wasn't sure what that residue exactly was it was unpleasant to try to avoid my hair/body parts from touching that area while showering. It's not normal to get dirty when trying to get clean right?  Another concern was the shower head and surrounding area. The covering/drywall area around the shower head was cracked and unprofessional looking. It devalues the entire room..almost like it's just a motel and not the vintage hotel as I know it as. The water pressure of the shower head was very low. Not to sound so negative but if I could fit into the sink, that would've been a more efficient shower honestly.So those are my concerns from my stay. I hope you can forward my issues to someone who could help this situation and utilize them to better your hotel for your guests..possibly the hotel maintance manager and the specific maid of that room and floor who prepared the room for me. Thank you for your time.
4	Pretty shocked at all the terrible reviews on Yelp about this hotel!My wife, her best friend and I stayed here while in Vegas to see Guns N Roses.  Rachelle checked us in and was totally awesome!  She was pleasant, professional and had us checked in quickly and efficiently. I would say it took no longer than five minutes to check in on a Saturday afternoon.The rooms were really nice.  New interior, two queen beds, a comfortable couch, a chair w/ottoman and a desk.  After getting settled we noticed that one of the beds had a chenille bedspread and one did not.  I called the front desk and let them know.  Five minutes later there was a knock at the door and one was delivered.The bathroom was clean but a little on the small side.  One person getting ready at a time is about the max.  The tub is certainly big enough for two.You cannot beat the price for the quality of the hotel.  No, I don't like having to pay the resort fee either but this is pretty standard these days.  I experienced great service here - check in, maid service, the casino and the valet.
1	Do not stay here!! Horrible customer service with a "if you don't like it, you can cancel" attitude. They are supposed to give you vouchers per night when you choose to opt out of their housekeeping, never happened! After requesting our vouchers multiple times, we just gave up. After 3 nights of opting out, we didn't get one single voucher. Scammers! Hygiene is also a factor. Mold in tubs and hair on bedroom sheets, ew! It comes to no surprise why they are rated so poorly.... No surprise! If I could give it 0 stars, I would!
2	I was shockingly "impressed" with the room. It wasn't anything spectacular but after the reviews I had read online, prior to my visit, I was a little nervous. The one thing that did annoy me was that I booked through my airline as a package deal, upon arriving the hotel clerk told me I owed another $85 for the resort fees since they weren't charged in the package deal. Had I known this, for the price I paid, I could have stayed at a nicer hotel on the strip somewhere.When I got there the light in the bathroom was burnt out but there was a maintenance guy knocking on our door 20 minutes later. Apparently the maid had put in a ticket for service.The bathroom is my biggest complaint. It smelled like mildew and was not clean at all. I felt like I was still dirty after showering. The shower curtain was ripped and the drain was disgustingly rusty. Surprisingly, the toilet was pretty clean but it didn't flush very well. Additionally, the water pressure in the shower sucked! It took me 20 min to rinse my hair because the stream was so weak.The room layout was spacious and even had a very decent sized desk for me to work while on vacation. The bed sheets were (to my knowledge) clean enough. I was afraid to inspect them much more.The staff was friendly and moved us to a "nicer" room when we arrived because he said our room was one of the oldest ones they had. Its a $20 up-charge for a renovated room.. FYI.
4	I love this place 22 dollars for the room, only stayed a night but it was cool won on a couple slots, I think I would stay again.
1	Its true what they say, "you get for what you pay for".  From the start of our visit, the room was dirty.  The bathroom was obviously used, bed was undone, there was beer cans in the trash, and the sink was filled with dirty water! Really!!!  I call room service which took them a good 20 minutes to get here, not to mention the other 10 to 15 minutes it took the maid to clean it.  On top of all of this, the ice machine was broken, the TV remote did not work, and there was no mini fridge.  I digress, really!!  Its true that its the cheapest of the bunch, but come on, really?!!  I caution everyone before they book a room here.  It would of been nice if they comp the room for us or at least give us another room.  Oh by the way, i'm still waiting for the engineers to come to my room and fix the TV/remote control.  Been waiting 20 minutes now.  Only nice thing about this place, is that its right next to the monoreal which drops you of on the strip.
1	Worst experience ever. Went on memorial day weekend.I book online for 2 rooms with 2 queen beds each. We get there, check in, go to our rooms. We get rooms with 1 king bed each. Okay I guess this is a mistake, they can fix it right? Nope. We go back down to the front desk and tell them, and they have no other rooms available. Now let's step back for a bit. Why the fuck are these guys gonna even approve my request online if they don't have the available rooms? Why waste my time like that? I'd rather have them deny us service because of unavailability rather than LIE TO MY FACE.Anyways, they say there's nothing they can do, it's late so we just deal with it. However, the front desk says that we can call for a roller bed for free because of the inconvenience. Alright that's cool I guess. We go up and call for it. Guess what. We had to pay. I tell room service on the phone that front desk told me it was free, then they make me hold for way too long I just give up. LIED TO AGAIN LOL! About 3 hours later I call again and it finally comes. Only one though, we needed 2...So this place is complete bullshit, don't waste your money here.Also buffet is utter horse crap, it's like ~$30 for adult and the food is old, stale, and not fresh. Crab legs are dirty and greenish. Oysters are obviously spoiled (you can tell by looking, smelling, or tasting them). And the shrimp is store bought and frozen. Last thing, elevators here suck. 6 elevators for 25+ floors and it takes 40 minutes to catch one. Not to mention that the down elevators sometimes malfunction and go up and vice-versa. RECAP:Bad food, bad service, bad elevators, bad hotel. just bad in general. Not worth even $20 to stay here in my honest opinion. Go spend like $15 more for a hotel that'll actually give you some sort of service. Fuck off LVH.
5	The LVH is hands down the best deal in Vegas. We have been coming here for over 20 years and have never been disappointed. It is our Go to hotel for large family and friend get togethers. The casino is the perfect size- we can always find each other- and gambling here is so much fun. The dealers and pit bosses are just so friendly and personable. They remember you ! If you do get a players card,no one  treats you better than the LVH.  Period. The restaurants here are amazing. We stayed here 2 weeks ago for our anniversary and tried everything. TJs steakhouse was outstanding with impeccable service. BeniHanas  had gorgeous ambiance, absolute top quality food,and again, superior service. We even went to the Hamburger Bistro for a quick lunch and were pleasantly shocked. It was great!  It's beautiful and the food was perfect. The men played golf through the LVH st the private Las Vegas c&c. They said the course was in excellent shape and the cost was  only 1/3 of what they pd  the last time they golfed in Vegas. The ladies went to the spa for  a facial and massage and were equally thrilled. The service is truly amazing.- from check in to the attendants in the locker/ spa area. You really feel like a VIP. We even booked a cabana after the men golfed. It was only $150. Was it fancy? No,but it had the fan,tv,fridge and lots of people bringing us lots of good  food and drinks. We were happy! Last year at a different Vegas hotel for a seminar, we paid $600 for a cabana. Just nuts. Oh and entertainment. We just saw Mo5saic  and loved it so much we  are spreading the word.  We dragged our men to the show and they adored it. It is a screaming deal. Don't miss it. Rooms. We have always been perfectly happy with the regular classic rooms, but this trip we upgraded to a suite and LVH blew us away. It was huge and gorgeous and the entire staff made us feel special.  A big shout out to the ladies in the VIP lounge. I don't write Yelp reviews,but I read them. I was so surprised by the unfortunate comments  and experiences  shared by others, I felt compelled to share mine.
5	I had a fantastic time. This hotel was a great value for the dollar, and it was right next to the monorail. I actually groupon'ed my room, and I couldn't have been happier.Sure there was some resort fees and taxes that were a bit more than expected, but I really enjoyed the amenities.Pool was filled with kids, the dj played 90s tunes, but you know what, I really had a relaxing time.Their casino is generous and very fun & I won $1247 there! I'll be back.
2	there are no managers around when you want to complain. The first room had a mildew smell. second room had problem with the A/C. Coffee costs $3.50...not free. a jr suite is just two rooms with a connecting door. Don't opt for that upgrade. Furniture was just left in the hallway. water is not hot. get the north tower. east tower is not as good.
4	I have to say I was a bit apprehensive after the negative reviews, but lvh was good to me...upgraded my room because it was my honeymoon for only 10 dollars more..That got us a Grand Room with a fridge, coffee maker, couch, ottoman, double beds, vanity area and a huge bathroom. ..Their showerhead weas amazing and we had no problems with water draining or pressure...Sure there are little dings and dents but lets be honest this is not the Wynn or Belliago ....For 200 bucks for 4 days 3 nights I would surely stay there again and they were very hospitable down to the housekeepers...
2	not bad, but we had major issues.  If not for the good price and nice quality of the room, I would have given it one star.  LVH (formerly the Las Vegas Hilton) is definitely not a Hilton.  It was old, run-down in most parts, but the room we got was newly renovated and even comfortable when you first walk in.  But then later you find it has issues.  We had an initial problem that we had our neighboring room smoking, and their smoke got into our room.  Terrible when you are trying to sleep at 2 am or 3 am and your room is full of smoke and noise.The other big problem is that the walls are paper thin.  You can hear conversations and noise from all around.  I could hear kids crying outside, the couple in the room next to us arguing and crying, it was strange and uncomfortable.  And the pool looked totally dirty.  So many people, you can hardly find a place to sit around or even stand in the pool.  It's not relaxing at all, but seemed most people were not there for relaxing, more to party.Not a good hotel and I was very disappointed.
1	This is the worst hotel ever. I travel to Vegas on a monthly basis to get away. I've stayed at dozens of different hotels before. This was the first time I've stayed at the LVH, and it will be the last time. When I first arrived to the LVH, I immediately noticed the type of crowd this hotel attracts. The majority of the crowd here appeared to be from the Bronx or from the ghetto. The hotel itself was out dated, old, and in need of remodeling. My room smelled like an old ashtray, the mattress caved in, and the bathroom was crusty along the edges.The people who stayed across the room from mine were drug addicts. These people were wired up and did not sleep. For 2 days and nights, these people played loud music, yelling, screaming using profanity. I could not sleep a wink. Eventually, someone made a complaint to the front desk about all the noise. The front desk sent security to warn these people. Unfortunately, this made these people more angry. They began to turn the music full blast. They heard that someone made a complaint against them, so they retaliated against all the nearby rooms including mine. They starting kicking on my door, cursing and using threats. I was so stressed out, I had to cut my stay short.I called the front desk to complain, but they didn't seem to care much. This was the worst experience I ever had staying in Vegas. Do yourself a favor, pay the extra money and stay at a nicer hotel. I would give the LVH zero stars if that was possible. This hotel is absolutely awful!!!
2	First off this hotel is NOT the Las Vegas Hilton rather it is the Las Vegas Hotel.  I think they count on people being confused to get room bookings...read some of the reviews on the various travel sites.  I booked my boss into a room at this hotel at the last minute (late decision to attend an industry convention) since the rest of LV was sold out due to the convention he was attending.  When I asked him about this hotel upon his return he just started laughing and then said that he now understood why the room was so cheap.  He did not go into detail, but he did shudder when recalling the place. He said that if he had been there for any reason besides the convention he would have moved to another hotel - any other hotel.  Thank goodness my boss is an easy going guy.  Think about it, how bad is it that the hotel RIGHT NEXT DOOR to the convention center still had rooms available a couple of days before a HUGE convention!?Two bright spots - My boss did not bring a receipt home with him for the stay.  I called the accounting department to request a copy of his folio and it was in my inbox before I even got off of the phone.  Way to go accounting gal!  My boss did comment on how handy it was to be staying right next to the convention center.
4	Who could ask for anything more? I like it because it's a little removed from the action.The monorail is cheap and takes you right to the strip- which doesn't take long and runs til 2am- but if you want to be stumbling distance from da club at all hours, this is not for you. Beautiful room, super spacious and clean with updates and a nice view.They have this great deal right now where if you "go green" by passing on cleaning services- you get an $8 voucher for food. I saved mine up and ate like a fat renaissance queen at the buffet. Free unlimited wine? Hell yes I did.The pool area was really pretty but should be open later for adults.
5	This hotel is everything I like in a vacation get away, the rooms are nice, clean, and everything worked, good staff, an excellent restaurant and great rate deals. It is away from the maddening crowd but close enough to walk to the action, it is behind the Riviera Hotel. I always enjoy my stay here.read lessKerry, this is TED's featured talk of today and
2	I just finished my stay here for a trade show. I stayed June 17 2014 - June 20 2014. Short version- This place sucks. If you smoke and want to stumble between slot machines and your room, then maybe you'd have a good time. Long version - Arrival - the bell staff at the curb side were less than friendly. No offer for assistance with baggage, no welcoming feeling. Walking in you're greeted with a plume of cigarette smoke, which to most nowadays is very unpleasant. The main entrance drops you right into their casino. The front desk staff is nice enough, but not overwhelmingly happy you're there with them. I asked for a non smoking floor / non smoking room. After checking in, I made my way to the elevators. Got up to my room (10th floor), and went about unpacking. Hotel room - old carpet, a bathroom which looks like it's from my grandmothers house, and an air conditioning system which just crap. There must be something screwy with their HVAC system as it seems all of the cigarette smoke from the casino just gets pulled up into your room. Entering the room, the stench of cigarette smoke was even worse than the casino. The television signal was shoddy, with fuzz and blanking images. Getting over the room, I unpacked and went out for dinner. Unfortunately is didn't do a quality check on the bed before leaving...Getting home rather late, I went back to my room. Pulled down the covers and was greeted with sheets which had cigarette burns in them. Awesome. Called house keeping which took 45 min to arrive. The attendant was kind, changed my sheets and I preceded to go to bed. Woke up the next morning and took a shower. The water is either scalding hot or freezing cold. Awesome. Cab drivers always know what's a good place and what's a bad place. The fact that there was always a 30 min line for cabs told me something was up. This place lives and dies on conventions. It's  not really "attached" to the convention center, although you only need to cross 1 street. There is a little restaurant where many eat breakfast in the am. Called "paradise". Trust me. It's not. My friend and I got each :1 omelet1 coffee 1 juice Side bacon Side white bread toastThe total without tip came to $58. Wow.    Highly would not recommend you stay here. Spend a few extra bucks and stay somewhere a bit nicer. You'll be happy you did. This place needs a major overhaul.
2	The hotel itself is alright. You have restaurants, the casino, nice rooms... Standard Vegas. I am taking off three stars for their inability to filter white trash from the pool area. It's like every hillbilly and their mother and grandmother decided the LVH pool was the prime get together spot to be vulgar and simply classless....play music that attracts attractive people. Don't play music that attracts an obese hoe down party. Come on DJ!
2	I live in LA and come to Vegas quite a bit for both personal and business reasons. I'm not your regular tourist and i don't go for the over priced hotels like the Wynn or the Venetian. Most of the time I stay at The Orleans. Those of you familiar with The Orleans know it is not pretentious, but has some great amenities that are free or affordable. This time I planned a last minute trip and The Orleans was sold out. So Expedia had a great rate for The Hilton or LVH as they are now calling themselves. I got 2 nights (weekdays) for $150 including the resort fee. I hate resort fees. But anyway....I checked in on a Monday night. Check in way easy and so was finding my room. Unfortunately when I got to my room there were several problems: a broken phone, a clogged sink, and a non working safe. And I have to add it was a very odd looking room with a good deal of unused space. I called down to the operator (there is no front desk) button. I was bounced around from the operator to the front desk a few times as no one at the front desk was picking up. Once someone did pick up I was put on hold for quite some time. Finally when someone answered they told me to come down to the front desk and they would switch my room. The switch was done easily and the room was nicer in general (east tower).  But the safe in my new room didn't work either. I called down to the front desk and they asked me if they should send someone up. Stupid question and of course I said yes. It took about 30?minutes but 2 polite maintenance workers came up. They fixed it easily. It seems as the previous occupant was a comedian and decided to lock a water bottle in the safe before he left. That was he end of the night. Today I strayed off by looking for the buffet. Although the hotel book in my room said it was open for breakfast it wAs not. So I left the hotel and went about my day. When I returned I laid out at their pool. The pool area is really nice and I consider it the highlight of the hotel. I will try to enjoy this again in the morning before I head back to LA. Now the day is over and I tried to get some water from the vending machine. I had to go to 3 different floors until I found one that worked. I won't say I won't ever stay here again. But it isn't my first choice, second choice or even third. If I ever need a room last minute and all my other choices are unavailable or priced to high I would consider it.
1	If I could give it a zero, I would. The most pathetic service ever. A 40 min wait for this? Tons of empty tables. Apparently no one likes working here. If I were Vince Neil, I'd be embarrassed to have my name associated with this place.
2	This hotel has some positive aspects, but overall, I would stay somewhere else.  Just stayed there and here are my observations:1. Food Options - times are terrible.  Food is not readily available and several places are closed at odd times.  Sometimes feels like you are forced to eat at one place because it's the only restaurant open.  Buffet times are limited, Deli times are limited.  Limited to coffee shop and maybe a pizza place.2. Valet Service - IS TERRIBLE!  If you pay for quicker service when retrieving your car, a.k.a. giving a valet driver a $10 or $20 in the corner, you will get your car right away.  If not, you will wait and wait and wait.  This was tested and proven and the valet office staff will tell you that if you're willing to do this, you WILL get your car quicker.3. No fun for kids - nothing for kids to do at this hotel except to use the pool.I would highly recommend to stay somewhere else when looking for a good Las Vegas experience.
1	I should have known better.  Yes, it seemed handy for the trade show (we didn't realize it was in S Hall and tried walking...big mistake in 105 degree weather) and it does have a monorail station.  We'd stayed here about 5 years ago and were given an occupied room(!). It was mortifying.  But I thought w/new owners and a re-do, it was worth trying.  Never, ever again.It wasn't very clean.  Someone had either spilled a tray from room service or thrown up outside our room. It had been hastily wiped up.  I pointed it out to one of the housekeepers but it remained for the duration of our stay.  There was literally no hot water in the morning...none.  So we had to shower/wash our hair in cold water. This was a business trip!  We needed to look decent. Not a fun way to start day.  Food choices were mediocre, at best.  The only plus is that their staff was cordial.Everything about it felt like it catered to lowest common denominator
2	This hotel is cheap, easily located by the monorail for cheap travel ideas to downtown. However, my room was dirty, so I had to switch. Both times I have stayed there was no hot water. I thought maybe the first time was a fluke.... I was wrong. I won't book another trip with them. But it's cheap.....
3	My job requires me to travel a lot, and my boss told me to change my flight home to a flight to Vegas to assist one of my colleagues with a training event. When I'm at Vegas I normally stay at MGM-owned hotel because I'm an mLife member, but this was the weekend of the Mayweather fight and it was also the first week of the NBA playoffs so I was bound to spend an arm and a leg.LVH showed up on the HotelsTonight queue and it didn't seem half bad.  For a good price I ended up getting a very spacious corner unit and free Wi-Fi.  That's something you don't get at some of the best hotels at the strip.  While the room looked good, it was when I got to the bed where things got weird.The bed in my room looked to be one of those that flips over to the wall.  While I have no issue with that, the gap between the mattress and wall had so much lint and dust that is quite scary looking.  Don't get me wrong, the bed was clean, but the upkeep of what was behind it was rather concerning.Anyway, the TV sucked too, because the quality was horrible but the hotel did exactly what it needed to do for me.I'm guessing the spot is pretty old.  I hear it was the old Hilton, and all the dealers and people at the casino seemed a little older.  But that doesn't matter.  I won big at the craps table that night, and the shooters were all hot.  I was a bit afraid because everybody looked intimidating... I won't go into too much detail, but hey -- I won, and that's all that matters.I'll look into this place if I come into another situation where I can't use my mLife card.  But I hope they fix that bed situation.  The location IS off strip, but the monorail is here and it's very affordable, so that shouldn't dissuade anybody from saving money and staying here.
1	The ordinary in-room coffee comes in a sealed cup. You're charged $3.50 to open the cup!  This on top of the $19/day mandatory resort fee adds insult to their penny wise and pound foolish injury.  Convention organizers- organize your convention somewhere else.
3	I booked a room here literally as I stepped into the hotel & it was still very affordable including then resort fee. It's a bit off the strip but there's a very low cost monorail that will go straight into the strip if you're worried about cab fare cost! The room itself wasn't bad, but the bathroom could use some major renovation. It reminded me of a cheap motel layout. I had a pleasant experience over all
3	For $40 a night on a Saturday night.. Why not!!! I don't come to Vegas for a fancy hotel. Who stays in their hotel all day while traveling..? I come to Vegas so much.. I don't care where I stay. This place was nice, and clean.. The beds were very comfortable and relaxing.. The pool area is kinda big, but there was too many little kids in the pool! Not so much fun!! This hotel is kinda far from the main attractions and strip. But, you can take a taxi to the strip for about 11 dollars maxi, that includes tip! This hotel really doesn't have many food places to eat from. It's a standard hotel! The front desk people were a little rude and not fast enough to check people in.
3	I stayed there recently as I accompanied my wife who was attending a convention. It was weird because when we checked in it was LVH, and by the time we checked out it had become Westgate. The location is great, near the strip but not on it. It is literally next to the monorail station for easy strip access ($5 each way), and for conventioneers its perfect as its right next door to the Convention Center.  Since its not on the strip it was easy to get in and out of with my rental car, which was important to me, as I was mainly there to play golf and check out Red Rock Canyon.The room was ok. It was in the Central Tower. The bed was comfy. The bathroom was clean and functional, which is all I really care about, though it was bit dated. It could use a makeover. I had no issues with noise or odors. Overall I was content with the room itself. We had a nice view of the golf course behind the hotel with the mountains in the distance. The room service didn't show up until around 4 pm which we found inconvenient. For the last couple of days we opted out of room service and got $8 vouchers each day for food, drink or retail at the hotel. The room had a Keurig coffee machine, but they charged $3.50 per cup! Not cool. They also had water bottles in the for $4 each. No thanks. No fridge or mini bar. That nickel and diming really cost them a star in my rating. The casino was ok, not too big or crowded and easy to get around. The sportsbook room is huge and was a fun place to watch the World Cup which was going on at the time. All the dealers had t-shirts on pushing the hotel's "Raiding the Rock Vault" show instead of classic dealer outfits, which cranked the class level down a notch. The hotel really pushed that show, "Classic rock by those who rocked it". I'm sorry, I can't get excited about the keyboard player from the Lita Ford band, or the replacement singer from Quiet Riot. I liked the pool. It wasn't packed with rowdy bachelors or bachelorettes. They had a 2-for-1 drink special for happy hour.The food options were ok, but nothing remarkable. On our last night, after most of the conventioneers were gone, some of the places were closed which limited our options. We talked with our waitress on our last night and she was excited about the change in ownership, as the new owners were promising to sink some serious money into the place. I think it's a great location (for those who aren't going simply to party), and with a refresh could become a great place.
1	We stayed there recently due to a conference at the Las Vegas Convention Center. One of the worst hotels we've ever stayed in. The rooms were old and missing lights and fixtures in the bathroom. There was throw up in the hall- I get it, it's Vegas but it stayed there for 2 days with the maid service walking by and no attention given, come on that's terrible. The hotel was very noisy- you could hear the room next to you, people in the hall, someone cough, it was very disturbing! The elevator wait to get to our room was over 15 mins and to get an elevator down was a joke. We tried taking the stairs one say and still couldn't wait, thank goodness there wasn't an emergency I will never stay here again, and will not let anyone I know stay here either. I've never written a negative review- this hotel is that bad. Ps-if you're staying here for a conference at the LV convention center you will have to take the monorail every day which is an extra cost.
1	I was playing blackjack at the hotels casino. One drunk and extremely noise women left her chips on the table and left. She came back 10 mins later and started to scream "my money, my money". She told the manager that her $600 chips are stolen. Manager looked at us the rest of the table and asked "who took her money?" He was pushy and blaming us for stealing her chips. Then he wanted to check our pockets. I spent 1 hour on that table and lost some money as all other players. They are making thousands from all of us and still have the right to accuse people with no reason. Surprisingly, $600 chips happened to be in the women's own pockets. She was drunk and didn't know what she was saying. However manager is so careless and inexperienced that he accused other customers, so much that he wanted to check out pockets. Such a bad management, low quality casino and staff. Don't even go here and don't get fooled by any promotion etc. You come to vegas to have fun and play games, if you come LVH what you will get is a treatment like you are a pice of sht.
1	A 1.5, rounding down. The staff deserve some stars. Aside from the corporate Westgate timeshare gimmicks, they were generally very cool. We were taken to the 'welcome desk' after checking in. The staff have been trained by this corporation to prey on ignorant vacationers in a very sleazy and manipulative way. We had no idea that all the freebies they were 'giving' us had anything to do with a timeshare presentation...till I asked what the catch was about 10 mins in. They're like pushy car salesmen, but way worse. Very disrespectful and don't take NO for an answer. Left a bad taste in my mouth and certainly won't be returning to the LVH because of this. Gross. If you stay here, just get your keys and ignore anyone till you're in your room. We booked through getaroom.com. It was cheap and we got no more than what we paid for. The bathroom had its original pink 70s tile, its lighting was sterile, and the shower faucet was weak and falling apart. There was a noticeable red stain on the carpet, possibly blood. Something they definitely should've noticed while cleaning. Like a cheap motel. And our TV quality was junk. Our friends' room was a lot nicer, so I'm guessing they put the cheap bookies into the cheaper rooms. The pool was filled with families and kids, so don't expect to relax or have a Vegas pool party experience here. Monorail access was great though!
1	Place kinda sucks. If you're going to a convention, it'll be convenient to stay here, but I'd stay elsewhere. Let's see... shower water is cold (shower early, it'll at least be warm), a in-house restaurant closed the doors on me during their normal business hours, they charge $4 for in-room rot-gut coffee (maybe that's normal for vegas), and even the in-house starbucks doesn't stock all their menu items. Gotta pay for wifi too.
1	Note to Westgate - You recently lost a loyal customer because of your rude, aggressive timeshare sales people.  Oh, how I miss the Hilton (and the LVH)!   This has been our hotel of choice for many, many years.   After the LVH purchased the hotel from the Hilton, things drastically went downhill.  We still continued to patronize the place because we always loved the service that we got there, but after our experience last week, we will never be back.  As in "ever". 1.  After driving twelve hours, we arrived to find approximately 12 Westgate employees hovering around the front desk.  Not behind the desk.  In front of the desk.  This was the first day of the takeover.  The desk clerk checking us in was very rude.  The large tip that I gave him upon arrival made no difference in the way that I was treated. There was a mix-up with our reservation, and the guy would not budge.    After going back and forth with him for an hour, he finally gives me my keys and tells me that a hostess will "be right there to assist you with your room".  What the heck?!?  Here comes a lady in a Westgate vest who then takes me to another desk.  After waiting there for twenty minutes and listening to the lady behind the desk try to talk the couple in front of me into a timeshare presentation, I interupted and said "Excuse me, I need to get to my room. I am not feeling well". The lady said, "Oh, ok, but just make sure that you come back here".   Are you kidding me?!?  Maybe Westgate should have emailed everyone who had reservations to give them the heads up of the changeover and, also, inform them that everyone was going to be confronted by their sales people vultures every time they came or went anywhere. It got very old, very fast.  The place seemed very classless with all of the timeshare crap.  2. While in Vegas, I purchased a new Lincoln. Drove from the dealer straight to the Westgate and parked with valet.  The next morning, I retrieved my car from valet and drove to The Westin at Lake Las Vegas where we had rented a cabana. Upon getting out of my new vehicle, and walking around the back, I see that I had been keyed.  Upon returning  to the Westgate and informing valet that I was keyed, I was told that the valet lot is a "secure area".  Any idiot can see that it is not a secure area.  Any person can walk right in there from the sidewalk in front of the hotel.  3. VERY creepy people hanging out around the hotel and, also, inside the hotel. Yikes!4. We had a pool lanai room. Our view right in front of our room was four very dead rosemary plants. You would think the gardeners would have removed them. Run people!The pros:1. Tatuado. LOVE this place and it's employees. 2. The Resorts Club Room. Love this place and it's employees also.
2	I don't have high expectations when I stay off the strip. I do, however, expect a level of service at least sub-par to what I'm paying. This hotel is a convenient 5-min drive from the strip. Other than that...  am I even in Vegas??Drinks here are pricey yet weak. Elevators were extremely slow, sometimes a 5 minute wait.Rooms were clean. Beni Hana's was cool. ...I've experienced better.
2	I live here in Vegas and good friends came to stay at the LVH (now the Westgate) and I met up with them (at the hotel) for two days during their stay.The good:The Vince Neil Cantina (in the hotel) serves truly excellent food. (I will be writing a review regarding that experience.)My friend, as well as her husband, stated that their bed was comfortable.Their room did have a small refrigerator in the bar console. (*Disclosure notice: The refrigerator was there, probably, because they had an upgraded room. I doubt that all of the rooms have a refrigerator....)The bad:The AC was blasting and made the room really, really cold. The temperature could not be adjusted in order to make the room a comfortable temperature. My friend resorted to wrapping herself up in a blanket in order to be comfortable. For the duration of their (several day) stay - she wore a sweatjacket whilst in their room.When (on the very rare occasions) the AC *did* shut off - it sounded like someone was kicking the door in. I heard this happen, twice. Everyone in the room jumped when it happened (both times).The showers did not offer hot water more times than not. My friend had reported the issue (and she had mentioned being able to have one shower with hot water) - but, for the rest of their stay it was cold shower central.A brown flotsom was discovered in their shower stall. My friend could not determine the cause of the foam with brown specks in it residing near the drain of their shower. (It had bubbled up through the drain pipes...but the reason for that happening was unclear.)The restaurants have really strange, inconvenient hours. Considering that Vegas is a 24-hour town...it was incredibly difficult to find a restaurant in which to eat at 9:00 p.m. - and, again, around 5:00 p.m. (Those times are pretty reasonable. I was shocked to discover that most of the LVH/Westgate restaurants were not open for meals during those time frames.)The ugly:The casino floor (which you have to walk through in order to get to the convention center, shops and restaurants) is absolutely filled with smoke. The worst I've experienced in *any other* hotel, anywhere. On (or off) The Strip. I doubt that filtration units are being put into service, at all.There was a loud, drunken exchange outside their room at 3:00 in the morning (which awakened everyone in their family) during their stay. They were there for an event in which they had to be awake, early - so the drunken exchange should have been attended to by Security. But it wasn't. The drunken brawlers did (finally) exit the area of their own accord...but they never should have been allowed to disturb hotel guests for as long as they did. Hotel Security needs to be improved.There is a $3.50 charge for a cup service package (drinking cup, Keurig K cup and, more than likely, creamer and sugar). At $3.50 PER CUP I can assure you that no one opened a package in order to discover exactly what was inside the coffee cup service package. With LVH/Westgate charging $3.50 (per cup) for hotel room coffee - it could be argued that the "free" drinks served to gamblers in Las Vegas casinos are no longer the most expensive drinks in town. $3.50 for room coffee is highway robbery. Most of the hotels offer a coffee pot along with free packages of regular--and decaffeinated--coffee. It is absolutely stunning that LVH/Westgate grossly overcharges what should be (and is, anywhere else in Vegas...) a basic room amenity.There is a $14.50 charge (per person, per device) for WiFi. Again...this charge is highway robbery. Most of the hotels offer free WiFi. *Motels* sometimes charge for WiFi service (but even they charge a much lower rate) ... But you are not paying motel prices to stay at the LVH/Westgate.The name of the hotel was changed just prior to the arrival of my friends - and they were not made aware of the change ahead of their arrival. In this day and age - the hotel should have (at the very least) sent their incoming hotel guests an email letting them know of the change. Not one of their guests were made aware of the change until they arrived, confused, at their hotel - the hotel which carried an entirely new name on the (small) marquee and no name at all on the large marquee. LVH/Westgate's marketing/branding regarding this takeover needed to be handled better and more gracefully than what (clearly) ended up happening. Overall (and all things considered) LVH/Westgate services, room, staff and amenities are not what one would expect when staying at a Las Vegas Strip resort. I have visited (as well as stayed at) many Las Vegas hotels on the Strip (and off). I would never recommend staying at this hotel. I think there are far better options available for consumers, trade show attendees, conference attendees and tourists. (Though I will say, again, that the Vince Neil Cantina has truly awesome food. That restaurant is well worth visiting. Just choose a different hotel in which to stay....)
4	We knew we were going to get in late on a Thursday night, so we decided just to book one night here for $21 on Groupon. We were actually pleasantly surprised by the casino floor. They had plenty of slots, a late night snack food restaurant and a lounge. It kept us entertained for a few late night hours after we got in, which was awesome since it is located off the strip and we were too lazy to drive anywhere.The rooms on the other hand were just OK. I think my only complaint would be the shower leaking the entire time we were there. I was so grossed out by the towel inside the shower used to soak up the water that was dripping that I even avoided showering until we checked in to our other hotel. Other than that...the beds were comfy, there was plenty of room and it was quiet.Overall...if I'm looking for something cheap, I will most definitely consider this hotel.
4	LVH is a good casino and hotel. I have stood here a few times with family. The casino is very convenient when you don't want to stay on the strip. It is just literally down the street and if you're a person who likes to go out while you're in vegas and doesn't want to spend too much money on a hotel, then this is the place to stay. I have to agree the outside of the Hotel it does need an update... Inside of the hotel, has a variety of slot machines and tables like any other casino. One time we got coupons with free accommodations and that was a plus or with discounted stuff we can use while we stood there. The only problem we had is when I went with my parents and sibling... My parents wanted a smoking room and we got a non smoking and we had to wait for a bit and the one with the non smoking I remember some things were broken in the room so good thing we switched anyways. It took awhile but, still was worth a wait cause our rooms were better then non smoking. Anyways I stood there this past december again with family & boyfriend and my boyfriend and I had no problems even the staff were nice as well. I have probably stood here about 5 times and we havent had any problems. I might be going at the end of this month since we have a rate on a room that my boyfriend & I are gonna use. We ended up getting a delxue room last dec and the rooms were really nice and we ended up getting a view. We also had a free accommodation of the buffet it was okay , they had alot also as well. just thought it was kinda small. But so far every trip we've had here was pretty good. I like the environment and the casino. Other then the hotel being just a tad updated... I would continue to stay here if I didnt have to stay on the strip, I would definitely come back!
1	So we went to check in at LVH, now called Westgate.  It took us 40 minutes at least. Apparently your prepaid reservation does not take into account your room preferences such as 2 queens vs 1 king when you have 3 people, or that you requested non smoking vs smoking.  We also requested the newly renovated tower, which according to them we got after the 40 minute search, only to find that the carpet is all torn up, the chair is absolutely filthy and we found a dog toy stuffed into the sheets of the bed, which means they did not change the sheets from the last visitors.  So disgusting. I don't even know what else to say. It's 10:20 pm and I can't check I someplace else, so housekeeping is on their way up.  Ugh is all I can stay. The price may be right but you can do better.
4	This hotel is awesome! I believe it is very under rated because before this use to be the Hilton Las Vegas Hotel. I actually stayed here before it even went under the new name of LVH and seem's to be even better! The hotel staff is aalways courteous and very accommodating to locals! They run specials for locals during the weekdays where you can get rooms as low as $22! What a steal! I love the casino tables as well! Especially Blackjack. I would recommend this hotel to anybody who is on a budget and doesn't mind staying OFF the strip. Afterall it is literally a block away anyways. 4 stars for me!
1	There is a resort fee on top of the regular price. So one would expect resort amenities, right? Hah!!!!Charge for coffee in the roomCharge for bottled water in the roomFree wifi for only 1 device a day and it has to be re-registered dailyTowel quality one would find at Motel 6NO towel racks in bathroomNo magnifying mirror in bathroomTV channel selection is horriblePool has loud DJ music and only open until 8 pm Service in cafe is poor, food is OKWe were there for a hockey tournament in the convention center. Signage from one building to the next leaves you going in circlesSo unless you are forced to stay there for some convention- stay clear
3	The time I went was busy too busy. So a lot of the staff was fucking up my room wasn't ready until after 10 pm and I checked in at 7 got to my room and the maid was still in there cleaning. She rushed and left so I'm not even sure if the room was even cleaned.  Went to vegas for a conference and a lot of other things were happening at the convention center at the same time as my conference next to LVH. Basketball tournament, skin show, hair show all kind of event's were all happenings at the the same time. Had a bad experience but the manager was so professional handle everything perfectly that I'm not too bother. If it wasn't for how professional this manager handle things, LVH would of got a 1 star from me. Manager small asian guy with a glasses. He deserves a reward.
2	I stayed here because I was going to a conference at the convention center and this looked like the most convenient hotel. It might have been slightly more convenient but if you are going for a conference, don't let that be the only thing that sways you into staying here. You can take the monorail from a better hotel and get to the conference center easily.My room was clean and average. I wondered if the sheets had been changed as they were kind of wrinkly but i ignored that. I was pleased at how quiet it was despite being a Las Vegas hotel. The buffet was small but the food was excellent and the people who worked there were nice, as were the people who worked in the small cafe. The casino is tackier than most and pretty small and the smell of cigarette smoke was very bad. If you order a drink at the bar make sure you tell them that you don't want the well drinks, as those are awful.I enjoyed the sports book because there is a non-smoking area and I could just sit there and watch the baseball game for hours on end. I really got ticked off at the $15 per day per device wifi fee they charged me. Also, beware that you don't open the bottle of water they leave you or use the coffee. They will charge you an arm and a leg for it.
4	This hotel is decent for the affordable price, I've stayed here one time before and didn't have a problem with cleanliness or maintenance. This time, the night front desk agent Mark, was extremely professional, helpful and polite ! The rock vault was a great show and got it for free!
5	LVH aka:Westgate Hotel is awesome!! I really enjoyed all my previous stays "I recommend you stay in one of the suites preferably on the 29th floor breathtaking balcony view!" LVH hotel staff are very professional, convenient location approx.1 or 2 blocks away from the LV strip nightlife, monorail station, pool, gym, clubs, shows, awesome restaurants, great sports book & casino. In essence, I LOVE the LVH it's the best value for your money.
4	We were spending the weekend in town but did not want to break the bank staying at super fancy hotels...but didn't want to stay at a shabby one either. I had stayed here previously when it was still the Las Vegas Hilton & had a great experience. We reserved our standard room for $69 & was able to get upgraded to a premium room for just $8.One of the first things we usually do when we get into a hotel is to turn on the TB & just sit back for a little bit. Unfortunately, we couldn't do that because the TV wasn't working. Well, never mind since there is plenty to do in town.When paying for the room, the resort fee guarantees free wi-fi access, but for 1device only so be careful when logging on.Our stay was good & we even enjoyed a brunch at the Paradise Cafe. My biggest peeve was the slowness of the elevators. Even with multiple elevators, the average wait time was still over a minute...& that was during the not busy hours when most of the hotel guests were out of their rooms.
1	One star is way too much for this hotel!  Worst hotel ever!!!  Front desk crew is bad. I can't remember the clerks name but stopped in at around 3:50 on 8/3 Vegas time to check on our room charges. When I inquired about the resort fee since it wasn't mentioned to us when we checked in, she treated us like we were trying to pull a fast one on her. She treated us like she owns this freaking hotel and we were stealing from her.   This is not how you should treat your customer!  This lady just left a really bad taste in my mouth. AND the casino looks so run down and it had such a bad old stink to it. Never coming back here again even if this was the last hotel standing in Vegas.
2	My husband had a trade show at the convention center and his company paid for his hotel room at this hotel.  If I had paid for this hotel myself, upon arrival I would have looked for another one ASAP but it was free for the weekend so what the heck.  Just driving up to valet it looks run down.  Hotel rooms are just normal but had a faint smell of cigarette smoke, the whole place needs a facelift and a good deep cleaning.  The pink tile in the bathroom is just gross and the plumbing in the bathtub was rusty.  I happened to drop something down by the side of the bed and when I picked it up I noticed an extremely thick layer of dust piled up along the wall by the baseboard like it hasn't been vacuumed in YEARS!  GROSS! I don't know if the rooms are non-smoking but someone in one of the rooms next door was smoking and the smoke was coming into our room.  It was disgusting.  And don't waste your money at the Paradise Cafe - over priced and worst Eggs Benedict EVER.  The hollandaise sauce was like mayonaise.  Like others have said on here, the monorail goes from the Convention Center to other MUCH BETTER hotels in the area.  I would go that route instead of this hotel until they update it and/or clean it.
1	This place is a total dump and no one is there to gamble because it sucks and everyone is rude. We only went there because they were advertising a sports bet that they didn't have. Don't ever go here. Ever. It's horrible.
5	I recently stayed at the this casino for the Evo event. They allowed us to to check in early which was greatly appreciated. Our room was very clean. The staff was also very friendly and helpful whenever we had any questions. I do want to say Thank You to their security and those who found and turned in my license. Thank you very much again.
4	I have to say that my experience there was really great!!! To check in was a breeze everyone there was great I do recommend that you pay the extra 20 dollars for the renovated room. The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 was because every way you turned the staffed tried to sell my boyfriend and I a time share. Dinner at the sushi restaurant was great well priced and the staff was attentive. We will definitely be back especially after all the renovations are done.
1	Never. Ever. Again. I had to stay at this hotel to be close to the convention center this past May. It's one of the biggest conventions they have, so you would think that a little prep work might have gone into their hospitality. No. The room that I stayed in was dirty, but even stains I can get past (blood stain on me sheet that, after 3 days was never changed). The thing I can't get over is the service. I had arranged for breakfast to be brought to my room every morning. I called the night before and was told it would be to my room first thing. I stressed that I had to be out of my room by 8 in the morning at the absolute latest. They said, not a problem. 2 out of the 3 days, it never came. Just never came at all. After I called and called I was met with rude ladies who seemed more aggravated that I was bothering them than anything else. Also, I called them to have my tv fixed which wasn't working. I had to call 4 times to get even a timeline of when I might see someone. After a few hours, I decided to give it a go myself. I would seriously dismay any person from ever booking here. Being in close vicinity to the convention center is not worth the lack of service and filth that this hotel has to offer. I will say that there is one saving grace. The bell hops who brought up the food (the one time it came for breakfast) and the other time when we ordered dinner (extremely low in quality...I don't recommend it) were extremely nice. They were older and seemed genuinely concerned with our well being. Super side note, the people who end up at that pool seem like Vegas's throw aways...just saying.
2	Booked this hotel through a third party so was surprised by the sneak attack resort fee at check in.Be aware. It doesn't matter what you paid or how you paid it. They will up charge you.Staff was very nice and although they are stationed at every corner trying to sell you things they politely take no thank you for an answer.Our room was nice. Clean and comfortable. Bathroom was outdated and had to call maintenance to replace a light.Unfortunately they couldn't fix the shower faucet that required hard core ninja kicks to turn it on and off.If you choose to forgo housekeeping and "go green" they slip an $8 voucher under your door. That will AMOST buy you a cup of overpriced coffee.Small fridge in the room but that's it. ( no coffee.....sigh)If you do not enjoy dj hosted club music you won't be able to enjoy the pool in the evenings. I don't think it'd even be so bad if it were at least a more "general audience" selection.Not alot of dining options in the hotel that are open evening hours. Weird for Vegas.Off the strip and lots of parking in the garage. I guess it could've been worse.
3	Great price huge room. No question 4 stars but they bother you way touch with there deals. Went to check out  and the lady was super rude. Worst service out of any hotel I have been to. But once again great value and connected to the monorail which is huge cause its a little off the strip. Stop selling ahit in your lobby won't go back because of this
5	Don't believe every negative review you read. I've been staying at The LVH for years now. I usually never have any problems. The one time I have any type of issue, it was addressed right away. Rayleen at the front desk was so sweet and did as much as she could for me until Jason, the manager was avaiable. Not only was the problem I had taken care of right away, Jason went way above and beyond and set up my family in a huge suite and waved my upgrade fees. Thank you Jason for making my 4 day weekend a vacation to remember. The kids' jaws dropped when they saw where we'd be staying for the next 3 nights. Yes, this hotel is older and some of the rooms need upgrades. But they have updated rooms available for just a little extra. That's why there are different rates. You get what you pay for so if you wanna be super cheap, don't expect the best. I opted to pay an extra $20 for an upgrade and it was so much better. I figure I'll probably lose several hundreds on gambling. Why not treat myself to a nice room for only $20. So basically, don't complain if you're going to be cheap LOLAnother perk is that there are hardly any bachelor or bachelorette parties going on. Less crowds which helps keeps the pool nice and mellow. Our morning routines was to go to the pool as soon as they opened and enjoyed it until it got too hot in the afternoon. Very family friendly or perfect for a mellow girls weekend trip. I'm planning 2 more trips back already. Love Vegas and I can only stay at LVH where I know I'll be taken care of :)
2	I was totally let down by the Hilton. I stayed here for a business trade show week long. The morning buffet was horrible. One day it didn't open until 1130am another day it didn't open until 800am.
1	Sports book terrible.  College opening saturday.  One waitress.  Lines long to place bets.  They are not what they used to be.  I brought 4 out of towners claiming this is the best.  Gonna leave to another spirtsbook.
2	I can't recommend this hotel for 1. Poor location, 2) few amenities 3) no decent restaurants, 4) thin walls and ceilings 5) poor attention to detail.  1- hotel is located on the north end of strip far away from everything including convenience stores. No way to stock up on stuff unless you drive everywhere, and even then, there's no fridge in the hotel room.2 - no frills hotel; you even have to pay for coffee.3- They've got Benihana - nothing special as it's a chain you'll find in every major city4- yeah, you can hear on all sides of you; the kid crying next door, a couple above making the bed squeak early in the morning, and the motorcycles blaring away from the street level5- we requested a lamp because the desk lamp wasn't able to be plugged in. Had to ask 3 times total before a lamp was provided, and even then, it didn't provide a power socket like it was supposed to.6- ate the hotel's banquet food. awfully terrible. Worst I've ever had. If you hold a company event here, DO NOT ORDER from the hotel's catering service or else you will be in for bland food that causes gastrointestinal problems.
1	Very bad promotions, for those who get offers which I do but not really participate( play $30 get $5), and funny how they have another promo that says ( play $20 get $10 in fsp) but cannot use  if you get Sept offers, which is so lame.. Therefore I will spend my money elsewhere, not here at LV Westgate.. I really doubt there marketing dept. reads this But I must say the players club has always been very nice, and slot machines are tight here.
2	$14/day for WiFi. $0.79/minute to use Internet in the business center. $1/page to print anything (I wanted to print a 61-slide presentation...that obviously didn't happen). My non-smoking room smelled like stale cigarettes. $3.60 to use the Keurig machine in the room or $4 for a bottle of water. This is one of the many hotels to not understand the importance of having outlets next to/behind the night stand. The rooms are spacious, but that's about the only advantage. Overall, this place was just blah. I wouldn't recommend it.
3	The room was clean and they let us check in at 11 am. As long as we didn't have any special requests, which was very helpful.   Just be aware that if you book through Kayak like I did there will be an additional resort fee.  I payed over $20.  And there are people inside trying to get you to sign up for presentations.
1	If you want to get robbed (Literally and not jus by the slot machines) then go here. we stayed at this hotel because the in-laws had a convention to attend next door.We woke up Saturday morning and went for a walk around town to get some exercise. I was dressed in workout clothes and left my purse, wallet, phone etc in the room because my husband had a key to the room. We had he do not disturb sign on the door because we didn't want to have to put our stuff away yet. We go out, come back 1.5 hours later, get cleaned up and head downstairs to wait for the in-laws before we left for our activites. We decided to put some money in the machines while we wait. My husband put money in, I grab my wallet to get some cash.....I'm wiped clean. I know if you're reading this you migh think that I was probably drunk and just lost everything on my own because in Vegas that's what happens right? No. I'm from Vegas so I know how to act and can recall every step from the night before to know for a fact that when we went to bed that night I had $150 in cash in my wallet. We went straight up to the room, searched everywhere just to be safe, and yes it was not there. My husband went to the front desk, they called security who came up to our room to investigate. He at first said "So you know there was a safe you could use but you chose not to use it?" First of all, I don't want ANYTHING stolen, so that's what locking the room is for, and my laptop wouldn't fit in the safe so I just have to not bring it just to make sure it's not stolen? And then he said "well we have signs on our doors and in the closets saying that we are not liable for anything lost or stolen. Really!?!?! So apparently this is an issue of yours, that you have to post it. My husband said that when we left the room there was a maid in the hallway so the only thing I can think of is she saw us leave, saw us put the sign on the door and noticed I didn't have my wallet or purse on me so she assumed it was in the room. I hope she needed that money more than us because that is so disgusting and I can't even fathom the idea of someone doing that. So now security is doing a check on the rooms to see who used their key on our room the day of the robbery and will try and interrogate them. So basically we will never see that money again. This hotel is disgusting, ghetto, a crumbling pile and they have theives who work for them that they enable. I WARN anyone staying here to keep tabs on everything and if it won't fit in their tiny safe, don't bring it.
2	Rooms were nice folks were friendly but for all of the stuff they DONT offer i could have stayed at the MGM -_-
5	my stay at the lvh was awsome the room was very clean good atmosphere we wer upgaded to a sweet upon arival and it was just off the strip so relaxing by the pool during a great happy hour was a daily must for us
1	If I could leave 0 stars, I would. Dirty. Gross. Stinks. I'm sad to say I've wasted my money here. 3 rooms later and they had to send housekeeping up to RE CLEAN my room. This was supposed to be for a VIP!!! Crumbs on the floor, hair in the sink. At least it didn't have someone else's toothpaste running down the vanity like the first room. Get new management staff in housekeeping. Someone isn't doing their job. Shameful. Honestly, the only good thing I have to say is... Luke at the desk is great and Mr. Peeples (management staff) is kind as well. But 3 rooms... Seriously. Get it together.
4	Since switching from Hilton to LVH, the hotel has improved drastically. We stayed here for a wedding on site, and we had a pleasant experience.I would stay here again.
5	I've always loved the Hilton, even when it changed to the LVH, and now the Westgate. This place was built in 1969, so you can't expect everything to be new and shiny. That being said, they do their best to keep things up to date. Since it has turned into the Westgate, they have been fixing the place up. The rooms can vary, but we've always had good luck here. They have added security guards all over the casino floor, and that seems to have taken care if all the hookers that used to hang out here. Easy to get to the Strip from here with the monorail stop. They are also one of the few places in Las Vegas that still has 9/6 Jacks or Better video poker.
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #9:it has fallen a bit since its glory days as the Las Vegas Hilton (now it's the Westgate), but still an above average & serviceable off-Strip casino/hotel; absolutely massive sports book, which includes a separate non-smoking area; eclectic and diverse crowd throughout the premesis; I love the big serene indoor lounge with the waterfall at the entrance to Benihana; not much of a place for shopping with many shops surprisingly closed early on a Friday night; sort of ran out of things to do here after a while; didn't like that the parking is separate from the hotel, so it's a moderately long open-air walk; best craft beer bet = hands down, it's at the Burger Bistro, but inexplicably this place closes at 9PM every night - I thought we were in Las Vegas?
1	Here for a conference.  Toilet plugged. Put on hold to talk to someone about.  Room bathroom smells like mildew.Went to get a bagel 6 people behind counter. No one would take my order for 5 minutes.Am told conference won't be here again
4	I'm not mad at this place! Easy check in...casino in the hotel and plenty of sports gambling. Apparently it was just remodeled which I have no complaints about. First of all I booked a stay there for 2 rooms on a Friday before a long weekend. Only $100 a night can you say winning?! We got there early around 10 am on Saturday they let us check in early and didn't even charge us extra. Is close enough to the strip that it still feels like vegas but at an affordable price. It gets r stars because I like nicer places....but it definitely wasn't a bad deal. I would totally stay here again.
2	I would avoid this hotel if possible. The staff is not helpful and the experience is not impressive. From check in to check out this hotel was not a good experience.
2	We stayed there this weekend and the room was nice. We had a good time and love the Elvis memorabilia. I know next month there is an Elvis event which should be good.
