3	It really big and clean but hard to find someone to help you, when I did find someone to help I knew the product I was getting but had a question he did not know anything about it just say you don't know let find someone to help you Instead of giving me false info.
4	I really like this location.  We never have trouble getting help.  When we bought our new phones last year they were helpful and again when I upgraded this year.  My only issue with the mobile department is I wish they had live phones not just shells.  We've been here a lot, we also purchased a new desktop at this location this year.  It was listed a week later at a lower price and they gave us the difference back in cash with no problems.  Always very helpful. and the  store is always clean.
3	We needed some help in the cell phone area and it took a over 5 mins before we were acknowledged by someone.  Then it took them 20 mins to figure out to do a hard start on the phone.  Since it did not work, they have to send the phone out for service.  When we did get service, Tim provided great service.
4	Good experience in the computer section and with the customer service Geek Squad. I will return
3	We frequently come here.  It is pretty well stocked.  I've purchased things directly from the store and have done pick-ups from Internet orders as well.  I give it three stars b'c I didn't have a good experience with their customer service a few years ago after purchasing a laptop.  I'm usually a pretty agreeable person so I know it wasn't on my end.  Plus, the staff helpfulness can be shotty - sometimes good, sometimes sub par but for the most part, we've had good experiences there.
4	Staff is more helpful than one on McDowell. Less to choose from though.
5	Best best buy on the area more helpful than the one in Avondale by far
5	Customer service desk is always very friendly and willing to help you however they can.  Store is always clean and employees always check in with you to see if they can help, very friendly
1	This is the worst store with the worst customer service ever.  Ever.  I can go to the MVD and get better customer service than at this craphole.  Every time I come here they don't have what I need, nobody is willing to help you get what you need and the employees are clinically retarded.  Best Buy is not a core value company and it REALLY shows.  Whoever is running this store should be ashamed of themselves.  They should give back every paycheck they ever made and hang themselves from the store ceiling.  I'm ordering all electronics from Amazon from now on.  F*ck you, Best Buy.
5	This review is based on the service that was given by Conner.  We went in looking for stereo options for our corvette.  Conner was honest and up front about what our needs were.  He said he was not on commission on and was not going to try and sell us items we did not need.  He also did the work we needed completed.  Because of this gentleman I will come back.  If you need audio or alarm work done to your vehicle please go and see Conner he will hook you up.
3	I've never had a problem buying iPhones from this store until today. I went in to buy 3 iPhones and walked out with none. That should say enough about this store.
1	Horrible just horrible customer service with geek squad! If you have a serious problem with your computer don't take it here because they're to lazy to fix it! I spent $200 on the service to fix my computer and they said they removed a virus, but my computer still was running slow and I was still being attacked by viruses. I took it in several times into two different stores. I called customer service and I had several agents take over my computer and they also couldn't find a virus. I took videos of the things that were going on with my computer, I took it in to Best Buy and I showed them my videos and they still didn't believe me. I went into this location to see the manager Danny he also couldn't find anything wrong with my computer and he wouldn't give me my money back. I then called another company and told them that this virus is attacking my computer and I gave them the name of the virus they told me that it is a very serious virus high severity. I was so upset so much time wasted and my computer is still not fixed, I called customer service and canceled my service and got my money back. Danny was not a joy to work with. If you're reading this just watch there was a virus on my computer but you were just too lazy to find it. I ended up downloading a free program and I remove the virus by myself for free. The virus is called peweliks. Save your money Google how to remove it yourself it's doable. Never coming back again! Customer service gave me back my money right away and Danny the manager couldn't even help me. Just horrible a week wasted! Not having a computer is very hard especially when you're a student!
