2	I was as excited as anyone else about the opening of a Fillmore in Charlotte.  Part of the new music complex centered around the NC Music Factory,  The Fillmore name is associated with the standard in excellent, live music experiences.  I went to see Gov't Mule at one of the first shows at the new venue and I was more than a little disappointed.  First of all, I have to say that the band was awesome as usual!  Thanks to Warren Haynes and Co. for the great show!  The venue, however, not so much.  There appears to be little to no organization as far as entering is concerned and everyone seemed to be in line for alcohol wristbands before even getting in front of the building.  There are seperate lines for those who don't want to drink, so if booze isn't your thing, find the other line or you will be waiting and waiting for nothing.  Once you enter the door, the stage is directly in front of you with a bar to the left and a bar to the right.  The bathrooms are VERY inconveniently placed on the complete opposite side, requiring you to make your way through the entire crowd just to fight your way down a narrow hallway to get to the bathroom.  The bars at this venue are the WORST I have ever, ever experienced.  They clearly were not prepared for a sold-out show in any way.  They were at times stocked with only one bewildered bartender for an entire crowd of people waiting for drinks.  When I finally did receive my outrageously priced, $9 Bud Light  tallboy, it was luke warm at best.  I didn't even drink 1/2 of it and that just rubbed salt in my already growing wound that festered while I was waiting 30 + minutes in line.  The walls are covered with generic, reproduced concert art and the place just feels corporate and sterile.  I guess I was expecting a lot more soul and a lot less BS.  I won't be back unless there is someone playing that I can't live without seeing.
1	Another sold-out show at The Fillmore and another brutal disappointment.  This place cannot, I repeat, cannot manage a big crowd.  Period.  I tried to go into it with an open mind since my last review apparently ruffled a few feathers, but I'm sad to report that nothing has changed or improved since my last visit in August.  This place is a cluster fuck and that's putting it nicely.  The poor, poor design of locating the bathrooms all the way  in the back on the right side basically resulted in a total bottle neck of people pushing and shoving their way down the two stairs that lead from the bar at the top to the bathrooms and smoking area down below.  The security staff, instead of helping people get through and easing the crowded mass, decided to shine their flashlights in everyone's faces while standing against the rail, arms crossed over their chests, looking like a bunch of worthless thugs.  Any attempt to get into the actual bathroom area was often quickly thwarted by someone yelling at you to stay out of the fire lane even though you are simply attempting to get out of the way to help everyone else actually be able to move.  The staff here is the WORST EVER.  That ranges from security to bartenders and everywhere in between.  I've been to smaller venues all over the country that have had bigger crowds and managed them more efficiently.  I made the mistake of giving it another try and I definitely will not be back again after this nightmare.  Sorry Dave.
1	This is not a fillmore.  I've been to San Fran, Denver, and Miami.  Miami is a knock-off, this is an embarassment.  Staff is clueless, booze is over-priced.  $9 beers are as cheap as they come.  I will go if I have to, because they do pull good music, but many places I'd rather see a show.
1	Ridiculous drink prices.  Miller High Life on draft was $11.  Need I say more?  This is higher than Disney World or Universal Studios!  This place is awful, but they sign big name bands.  Be prepared to get whacked or take out a second mortgage to get a buzz in this place.
4	I would give The Fillmore 3.5 stars.  I went to see Tears for Fears at the Fillmore and it was my first visit to the venue.  I have some mixed feelings.  The venue itself is pretty nice overall, the interior is tiered upward with chandeliers and a number of bars setup around it.  I am guessing Tears for Fears was near a sell-out as it was pretty packed inside.  The crowd itself was pretty well behaved overall, but talkative as they always are in Charlotte.  The Beatles could raise two members from the grave could reunite and in Charlotte most people would talk through the concert.  The sound was very good at the venue, but I am sure that is partially due to Roland Orzabal's booming powerful voice.  Depending on your height it might be wise to get there early so you can stand on one of the railings and have a good view.  I didn't have trouble seeing, but I can see where problems might occur.  As noted by other reviewers the drink prices are a bit of a joke.  I bought a seven and seven and it was 8 dollars for a small drink and a beer is about 9 dollars so don't expect to party cheap here.  Once you are in the venue there is no place to sit whatsoever to take breather inside or outside in the smoking area.  It wasn't too bad for Tears for Fears because it was a 90 minute show, but I am going back for Drive-By-Truckers and know my feet will be tired after standing for 3-4 hours.  I would also be a little nervous going to a concert with a less civilized crowd.  The Tears for Fears crowd was an older crowd with very little dancing or rowdiness going on and I am not sure how things would be for a band with more of a party vibe if the place was sold out.  I personally enjoyed my experience at The Fillmore, but I can see how issues might arise and certainly the Live Nation drink prices are insane.  One nice thing is that the parking is still free at the NC Music Factory which is rare for a Live Nation venue.  I guess I will get to see how a longer rowdier rock show turns out at the Fillmore when DBT comes on Halloween.
5	I must say I am pretty impressed with how well organized this place is I've been there twice recently and I love that 1 - parking is easy 2 - they have a guy give out wristbands before they start letting people in which saves a lot of time believe it or not when the doors do open, 3- for the space they have a lot of bars I don't think I've waited more than a few minutes to get a drink 4- so easy to manuever around they keep the aisles empty and make sure they stay that way. The venue is great for both bands and comedy shows I most recently saw Tosh . O there and Will Hoge - Tosh was a seated show and Will was standing - the layout is great for shorties like me being only 5ft tall I could see the stage very well.  Looking forward to some more great shows.
5	The quality of the music at the Fillmore is outstanding, the sound and lighting is beyond compare.  Totally first class place to see a great show and be close to the bands!
5	Update:This 5 star rating is more to offset my 1, then it is truly a 5(so far).  I'm not necessarily a fan of such a huge venue with classy lights and sound because I feel more at home in NoDa.  That said, I can't fight progress.  This place is drawing many acts/events that we would not see otherwise in Charlotte.I got to see Umphrey's McGee here a month or so back, and they killed it.  Packed the house.  Lights, sound, and vibe was over the top for Charlotte.  With Bass Church happening soon over there, I pretty much will have to be a patron of this establishment.3.5-4 stars with a chance to still win me over more.
3	There are plenty of things to like about The Fillmore. The space is attractive (oooh, pretty chandeliers), clean, and large. The floor is stepped so you are not just staring at the back of hundreds of heads if you aren't in the front row. The sound is callibrated well for the room. And there is plenty of free parking to be had.There are, however, some notable downsides.  Since it is a Live Nation venue, tickets ain't cheap. If you want a beer you are going to be shelling out craft brew prices for swill...I mean Miller/Bud/Coors. They have a strict no re-entry policy (possibly reinforced due to the opening of a tastier booze option right next door?) so if you show up early and need to go back to your car for something, like say cold meds, you are ska-rewed.The Fillmore is a well designed and run major show venue, no doubt. And I'll certainly be keeping an eye on their schedule, but if all you are looking for is a good night out there are more budget and palate-friendly venues sprinkled all around town.
1	I've experienced the Fillmore in two ways: private events and concerts. This review isn't about the former; the Fillmore is just fine for private events, and the success of such an event depends on the event organizers rather than the venue management.  As for the latter...Well, the Fillmore sucks. I apologize to its fans, but it does. My most recent visit totally destroyed whatever respect I had left for the place.We saw the Flaming Lips, and being the Flaming Lips, they were awesome. The Fillmore management, however, was so awful that we ended up leaving with at least 30 more minutes of Lips left.  I shall try to break it down for you:1) Staff.  The staff at the Fillmore is consistently, outrageously rude.  The one pleasant person we met was in the will-call box. It was downhill from there. Entry security treats everyone as though he or she is a suspected terrorist, and the bar staff consists mostly of snotty twenty-something girls who don't seem to realize they should at least try not to directly insult customers, since they are working for tips, after all.  Speaking of bars...2) Drink prices are ridiculous. I paid 7 dollars for a Dixie-cup of watered-down Miller.  A more reasonable portion would have set me back nearly 10.  I expect to pay higher-than-usual prices at concerts and such, but that is truly ridiculous. The Fillmore knows it, too: there's a strict no re-entry policy so you can't go next door for a drink while you wait for the main act.I could have lived with the above things. The music is what's important, right? Bear with me while I explain the breaking straw.3) Crowd control. The Fillmore is a small space, with no dividers of any kind on the floor.  Combine that with what I suspect is the management's habit of overselling tickets, and things can get quite unpleasant as a bunch of drunk people try to cram as close to the stage as possible.I'm almost 6' 8", and people seemed to view me as an obstacle to be overcome.  My feet were stepped on constantly; I was shoved more than once, and someone actually put her hand on my shoulder and tried to push me downward so she could get video with her iPhone.  All this is beside the fact that everyone around us was smoking, and given the no re-entry policy, it's impossible to step outside for some fresh air if this causes you to start sneezing.So, one might ask, why wasn't security keeping people from more or less stabbing each other in the back to touch the hem of the Lips' robes?  Well, security was back in the VIP section, chatting it up and making sure no commoners violated the sanctity of that space.  Useless, they were.I understand shows can be messy, and shows like the Flaming Lips even more so.  But the Fillmore ruined this experience.  I will think twice before I ever spend money on tickets there again.
3	The Good: It is clean. It is a nice venue. There are lots of places to buy beer. I like chandeliers. The Flaming Lips were able to do an impressive show there (if you have been to a Lips show- you know that they probably had to really think about how to pull it off in that location). The parking is free and easy. That is awesome. The Bad: HOLY CRAP THE TICKET PRICE WAS ENORMOUS! OH- AND THE COMPLETELY OVER PRICED BEER. Seriously. This place is pricey. Expect to drop some cash to see a favorite band play. We saw the Flaming Lips (favorite) and I don't regret it. However, I doubt I will EVER go there for a band I don't LOVE. Also, whoever is running the place is really OCD. You can never stand over these lines (even outback in this weird "smoking" area).
4	This venue is amazing for cleanliness and sound quality. The only thing that made is less than 5 stars is the security staff. They were very rude to a friend (and she's 37). Also, as a point of safety, I heard one of the guards at the end tell a teenage girl to go home. She was waiting in the relative safety of the venue (outside) for her ride. I think it sad that this man didn't think that she might need to be protected rather than pushed away from the venue. Maybe he doesn't have any daughters, but it's still not okay.
5	I almost never write reviews, but I want to speak up for this place because I've had nothing but good experiences so far.  I don't know if I've just been lucky or if there are just too many complainers on Yelp, but my experience so far:  Every member of staff has been polite and professional.   Every event has been well organized.  Technical aspects of the layout and sound are top notch.  Great bands are now coming right here to Uptown so I don't have to deal with the crowds at Verizon or drive to Atlanta.   There are no bad seats at a place like this.  Even the ticket prices are pretty great so far- I'm accustomed to paying 2-3x more to see my favorite bands, and they have deals where you can buy an all-summer general admission ticket!  Where else can you do that?   Seriously?!  I've never seen an offer like that anywhere.    All that and the brew & view event (typically Wednesdays) is a lot of fun too.  I guess if I was forced to complain about something, it might be drink prices, but I'm content paying them if it keeps them in business.  My favorite hangouts are all dive bars, so I'd like to see PBR tall boys or something affordable too; but regardless I will remain grateful to have a quality venue in a convenient location like this.Thank you, Fillmore for investing in Charlotte  Please keep up the good work!
2	Ah...yes...the Fillmore.  "I remember when!"  Ever heard your parents say that?  Well...courtesy of the Fillmore..."I remember when" may be less than 10 years ago to most.  The venue is a nice place to see a show...but...do you remember...When...you didn't need a credit card to afford a show?When...you didn't need a credit card to afford beer?When...snotty scenesters weren't more punk rock than you?It's understandable that a fan has to shell out way too much to purchase some merch to support their favorite bands...but the complete bend-over you get from this venue is two feet short of a reach-around.
4	WOO-HOO! I LOVE the Fillmore!Pros:The sound is AMAZING! I've been to two Ben Folds shows here & have been blown away by how good everything sounds!I've never had any issues with the staff.Show times - start on time.Staggered viewing area, so it's not all level where you're having to stare only at people's heads.Cons:I like the layout; however, the "general admission - standing room only" gets me, because "you snooze, you lose". If you don't get there early, you're stuck waaaaay in the back. Parking is an issue, too. You have to compete with all the other establishments there, so when it's time to go, you're stuck there for a while trying to leave.Ticket prices - UGH. I can't stand this whole convenience fee mess. Just charge one price & be done. :D
5	Man.... I don't even know where to start... what a bad ass venue. I saw Grace Potter and the Nocturnals (5 stars) and the sound quality was second to none... Whoever was running the board that night was on point!! The pro lighting was bad ass too!!! I really liked how they have lanes blocked off so you can easily get to the bathroom, beer line and back to your spot and not have to punch out the DB who wont get out of the way. There really isn't a bad spot in this place, even in the very back you can hear and see the band perfectly. You def. want to get there early if you wanna get up in the front, but hey... that's a small price to pay where at some venues you've gotta pay $200 to get a close spot! Beer prices were about standard for most amp/concert halls, but they had a cool selection like 420, Fat Tire and Guinness!!!! (24oz FT was like 11 bucks.... but its drought)
2	My new husband and I saw a decent Railroad Earth show here on our honeymoon. This venue had its good points; there's several tiers for good visibility, and solid sound quality, and friendly bartenders. The bathrooms are great - clean and spacious, with vibrant wall colors. But though we had a good time overall, we found ourselves with more complaints than compliments about the venue itself.This would be a much more positive review if the drinks were not vastly overpriced. Calling an $11 beer a "special" highlights this problem; $11 is wayyyyy too much for any beer. Yeah, it's what you'll pay at a bigger venue, but this is not a bigger venue (though they seem to believe they are, what with the bag checks & the wristbands & the no re-entry policy). And the local amphitheater's outrageous beverage tolls don't justify this venue's pricing. Furthermore, the security people barely tolerated the crowd. There was nowhere to sit except for a VIP area, so their overzealous need to discipline the customers for just leaning on surfaces two hours into a three hour event is unreasonable. Their ambition to keep things from getting rowdy in general did not create a good atmosphere for a concert.While we did have fun, it would have taken a lot to make the first night of our honeymoon not fun. We're planning on a visit to another Fillmore in January, so it's not like they ruined our night. If there were an option for 2.5 stars, I'd go up a bit. But we've experienced better.
2	Great sound as soon as you get through the front doors.  The set up is pretty neat too, general admission standing, with different level floor, so there is good visibility every where.  And if you can manage to get up front you are literally in arms distance from the performers it's sweet! The bartenders were super friendly.  I brought in a reusable cup for water and the bartender was nice enough to keep it full of ice and H2O for free all night!  However, if you looking for adult beverages than you better bring a fat wallet with you because prices are out of control!  And although the bartender couldn't have been sweeter and the door security guys were polite and patience, the security dudes inside were NOT friendly which is the reason for the low rating. I understand that they are there to keep the crowd contained for safety reasons but they are a bit over zealous... I mean to constantly harass anyone that accidentally steps over the line that defines the area you can stand in front of the stage when it's a pack show and every one's dancing or reprimanding anyone even leaning on the railing during set break of a 3 hour show is a bit extreme.  I'm all for safety first but they were just a buzz kill.  With ticket prices are high as they are you would hope that your experience would be customer friendly.However, despite to rude security gang I will surely dish out the dough and find myself shaking it down here in the near future because lets face it, they get great bands and I'm a slave to the music.
4	I have been to the Fillmore here in Charlotte about five or six times now and I feel armed with enough information to say that I am a fan of this venue.  Compared to the other local music halls available here in the Charlotte area, The Fillmore is the newest, the best and I must say, the most "corporate".  Here's what I like about this place:1. Parking - there is plenty of free parking.  You've done something wrong if you are paying for parking at this place.2. Ambiance - The interior of the venue is very spacious but at the same time is somewhat cozy.  The chandeliers are nothing short of perfect.  These four elegant creatures hanging from the ceiling nicely compliment the inside and immediately catch your eye.  They add soft interior lighting as well as a touch of class.  The same can be said about the hardwood floors.3. Bathrooms - Bathroom are as good as you are going to find in Charlotte.  I don't know about the ladies room, but the all black toilets and stalls make these bathrooms stand out.4. Price - the price is one of the few things keeping the Fillmore from getting 5-stars.  The beers are simply too expensive. Paying $20 for 2 tall bud light cans is a total fleecing.  Asking me to pay $50 for a ticket, $35 for a shirt, and $10 for a beer is simply too expensive.  END OF STORY.5. Service - the bar-tenders are friendly and the service is usually prompt and to the point.  The people outside of the facility checking tickets, checking IDs and searching you are also cool about everything as well, and do their jobs with as little fuss as possible. 6. Music - and finally to the music; I've never been to a bad show here.  The music is always loud and crisp, but not to the point that you need ear-plugs or anything crazy.  Performers such as John Butler, Warren Haynes, and Trey Anastasio have provided me with memorable shows and performances that I will remember for a life time. The Fillmore is the perfect place to catch your favorite band or performer in a nice, clean, classy, and friendly environment.  This place is a must for any music lover in Charlotte.
4	Super cool venue! I had the pleasure of my first visit being during the Second String Santa and I wasn't dissapointed one bit.  It was actually very well decorated with a "ballroom" type layout in my opinion, with a front and center stage as well as a very large dance floor to get your boogie on!  I think there is a total of four  bars too and my advice is go to the back for the shortest lines.  Everyone always rushes to the closest one to the door.  I can't wait to go back to see a band here, I think the space will give visitors a close up encounter of smaller places but the room to move around that you might need.
5	GREAT location!  Nice infrastructure to park and eat dinner around the show you are about to see.  The sound was good for the show and they opened the doors and started the show on time!!!
1	This place is a nightmare. The security is disrespectful, the libations are of poor quality and excessive price, the lighting on the staircases is quite poor and dangerous, the show are overpriced, and I honestly loathed the place.Hey, here is something worth knowing. Without warning you'll have to empty your pockets and get groped up just to enter. Once inside you will be nagged at by boring people with illusions of power. You may seek spirits to calm you and find bewilderment instead. When using the bathroom you will cross several puddles hoping it's overflow water.I only recommend going here if there is a show you really want to see. As for me, I don't think any show could get me back here.
4	I had the pleasure of attending a special event here last night. I must say it is a gorgeous venue- I love the dramatic chandeliers. This is a large space with several levels that can accommodate many guests and while I was not there for a concert there was live music and it was LOUD in there. So great acoustics for a concert but so great for a cocktail event. A few gripes with this space: limited parking -as with that entire area- expensive drinks. I had drink tickets for my event for a friend bought a coke at the bar- for $4 which was a bit ridiculous. All in all a beautiful new space for an event but only if your drinks are paid for.
3	Charlotte is a great city for venues. Tons of great shows come through this town and the NC Music Factory houses quite a few of them. The Fillmore is definitely the premier venue for medium-sized shows that roll through. This place is a great size for the acts that make a stop in the Queen City. Tons of floor space and a few chairs lining the main floor around the stage. The one thing that irks a constant venue-goer is the VIP section(s). The upcharge is ridiculous for these areas with hightop tables and chairs. Definitely not worth it unless you're wanting to pay upwards of an extra $30 or more depending on the act. All of the equipment in this place is top notch. The sound coming from the stage is always clear and is even better in the back of the room. Always pleased with each show. The staff does a great job of running sound. Here's the kicker. The drink prices are insane. If you're looking to score a bud light or something even more high end, have fun paying over $7 for it. Not even craft beer and you want someone to pay $12 for a 16oz beer? Pish posh. Parking can also be weird. I've been when it was free and also had it cost $10 to park. Just depends on the weekend, but I'd be sure to keep about $20 of cash on me at all times just to be safe. Despite the drink prices and the silly VIP sections, The Fillmore is a great venue for a show. Ticket prices range depending on the act you want to see, so check out their website. Overall great place and love the location.
1	I've been here before tonight and it was ok. High price drinks for an ok show...tonight was a different story. $12 entry for small time talent (less than 200 people in the crowd), went here for a friends birthday and the group got separated...they held strong to their  "no re-entry" policy and wanted us to purchase a second ticket. Thanks for helping out someone in their time of need. All about the money and the rules. Well done Fillmore and Live Nation! I'm sure I'll rush back to your venue.
4	This is a nice venue. Looks small but can hold over 1000. There is a little bar when you go in and take an immediate left that typically has the shortest line. Lots of bathroom stalls too. When there isn't a show at the amphitheater, you can go outside and dance around on that stage. Kinda fun.
4	Awesome blend of size and intimacy for concerts.
5	Over the past year or so I've been to about roughly 20-25 shows at various venues throughout NC. None of them can compare to the experiences I've had at the Fillmore. I think one of the main reasons for that is the intamacy the Fillmore offers. Shows at outdoor amphitheatres or venues where you buy a lawn seat put you back hundreds of yards from the stage and they can't compare to a place like the Fillmore where if you get there a little early before doors open, your general admission ticket will get you right to the front row - no questions asked. I've seen some of my favorite artists like J. Cole and Wale at point blank range. The decor is also very classy and elegant, gives a nice feel to the place. The sound system keeps this place thumpin too.Of course like at any concert/game/event, drink prices are high. But they're not extremely terrible. Beers come in 24 oz, so buying one is really like buying 2. The Fillmore is also conveniently part of the NC Music Factory area which offers multiple bars/venues such as VBGB (very big german beer), the Corner Bar, and Wet Willie'sif you're looking to have some pre or post event drinks/food. Hope this helps, this place has almost become a 2nd home for me.
4	This venue is a great spot to see a show - if you're willing to stand a bit. I'll echo another reviewers comment and would not recommend paying more to sit VIP or buying seats because they are so far back and not high enough, you may as well come early and do the standing room only thing with the rest of the crowd. That being said, you can pay gen admission and get a front row seat if you don't mind waiting around. The acoustics are great, you won't have any problems in that dept. The scene is nightclub-esque and it's definitely a nice venue to see a concert. I love that there are plenty of women's restrooms! I can honestly say until this show I have always had to wait in line at least once. It might have been that no one was drinking because I will say drink prices are unsurprisingly insane (the only venue where it isn't is the Visualite it seems) I had a large Sweetwater 420 for $11 -eek. So drink ahead of time (if necessary), arrive early, and enjoy the show!
2	First off my rating can be a little misleading.  When it comes to sound and actual venue the place is 5 star.  It really is.  The reason for my 2 star rating is the fact I feel like i was butt raped by the bullshit VIP upgrade charge.  When i bought the tickets, i was given the option to pay 25.00 to upgrade to VIP access.  The description was private bathrooms, private bar, and the ability to use high top tables along with the fact the VIP section was raised up higher than the rest of the room.  Now lets talk about what you REALLY get. For 25.00 you get the ability to use the bathrooms, the bar, and to stand there and watch the show.  YOU DO NOT get the use of tables or chairs.  If you want to use a high top table, or a stool / chair, you have to pay 50.00 more per person.  ARE YOU SERIOUS!?!?!?!?!   Not to mention the fact that you are on the far right side of the room, and their are beams running from floor to ceiling obstructing the view.   If you want to see the show from a non crowded spot.... go stand behind the sound guy!  ITS FREE and its raised higher and plenty of room.   Most of the people in the VIP left once they realized they got screwed and went out into the crowd.  Also... DO NOT START A TAB.  My order had 2 additional drinks I did not order on it, and they couldn't figure out why.  They finally refunded me for those drinks.  The bartender knew i didn't order them and kept referencing the other guy working behind the bar as "screwing up".   SOUND IS GREAT - VIP and SERVICE is HORRIBLE.
4	Love the Fillmore, great acoustics and easy in and out.  The bathrooms are up and to the left and are big so you never miss much of the show, which is an important factor when drinking and rocking out.  Try to get up on the first raised level if you want a great view and don't want to fight it out in the front stage area.
2	Outside of the chandlers this place does not remind me in any ways of the Fillmore in San fran.  Overpriced drinks, unfriendly staff, and just an overall bad layout.Bass Church is fun and many other acts are coming here, so my love of music makes me keep coming, but I would prefer the Visulite or the neighborhood theater any day.Before you even walk in, you have to deal with the box office service charges.  Gotta love ticketmaster.  A couple feet further and there is a sign saying that you can't bring in water bottles, but they'll sure sell them to you inside.  There is also no mention of no re-entry, so if you don't know, you just don't know.  Next you are herded through like cattle to be patted down, I'm not sure what for.  A metal detector would take care of weapons and leave my dignity.Once inside, you can see the stage off too your right and a large crowd right in front of it.  If you want to go to the bathroom, you have to budge through all the crowd to get there or go around the back of the venue, major flaw in design.  While on the way to the bathroom you get to see the $7 price tag for a decent beer.  If VIP is closed off there is no where to sit.  On your way to the bathroom you have to walk between the lines.  If you stop for a second to look at the show and you are over the line, you will be moved by security.  Once the show is over, they pretty much push you out the door as well.Sorry that this review turned into a rant, but I'm just not a fan of this place.  Bass Church is fun, and I'll go when bands I want to see are coming, but I dread the price of booze and just the lack of customer service.  Its obvious that its a business, they are not there to show you a good time, that is up to you.I'll see you there, but I may not be happy about it.
1	This was one of the worst venues i've ever been to.  The music was great! but the service was awful!!  on top of charging you 11 dollars for a domestic beer, as soon as the last band plays the "security guards" (who think they are super important) treat everyone like cattle and start forcing you out the door.  No time to rest, finish your 11 dollar beer, or go to the bathroom, you have to leave now!!  unless of course you pay extra, on top of the amount you spend to get in in the first place..  I'd go to Amos, Tremont, or The MIlestone for a real music experience..  This place sucks!
4	I've been to this venue to see a handful of shows (Passion Pit, Filter/Fuel, Yellowcard, Blue October) and it's always a good time.  The venue is beautiful and open, the restrooms are always clean and I've never had to wait but just a few minutes in line....The drinks are a bit on the pricey side; however, you can get a large domestic beer for $8 (think sporting event prices).  This past concert, I was pretty excited because Coors Light was doing a promo where they had a VIP seating area, on the second tier behind the sound booth and we each got a free beer and cool lanyard.  It was a cool bonus that we weren't expecting.  (All for ordering a Coors Light from the bar!) Overall, a great venue that I will continue to venture to for concerts and shows!
4	As far as the physical layout of the building, it is the best in Charlotte for small(ish) venues.  Another way to look at it is drink prices are high and it's a live nation venue so they always rob you on service fees.  There is also nothing other than the NC Music Factory in walking distance, but there are bars and such in the complex.  Staff is not the nicest people either but I have never had a huge problem.  If you stop by the front, even to take a quick picture, they will yell at you.  There are many reasons I like this place.  First off, no problems with parking, there is always plenty of space and if you want to hang out by your car and drink a few beers before the show there is no problem with that.  Now when you are inside the place there are different levels as you go back so if you arrive early than you can probably get a comfortable place alongside the railing.  The bathroom also has plenty of urinals and toilets so there is never a line.  It is also quite in the bathroom which makes it very relaxing to do your business.  Good layout.
4	This is a great venue!  It's bigger than a House of Blues, but essentially the same layout.  Easy to get to, good parking, reasonable ticket prices, a diner in front!  Pretty good sound, and a reasonably good view from most positions in the place.  I'm always up for VIP seating when the music tends to be a bit heavier, rather than deal with getting pushed around on the floor.  One problem is that the VIP club is directly to the side of the stage, so you actually miss all the sound that is coming out of the PA (most of the vocals).  Just seems odd to charge more for VIP only to not be able to hear the vocals.  But it's still worth it just to have access to shorter bar lines, and a bathroom with no line!
4	I love The Fillmore.  I was between 4 and 5 stars and the reason I went with 4 stars is because I paid $18 on Wednesday night for two Bud Lights.... and I think that is ridiculous.  And I am not a fan of the VIP seating they had on the second level for the Willie Nelson concert... it took up way too much room, making the venue feel a little overcrowded.  These seats were not there for the Black Crowes or Five for Fighting and I prefer them not to be there the next time I am lucky enough to take in a show here.The bathrooms are great here, which is an added bonus and a surprise!This venue is fantastic for those who love to get up close and for those who want a more intimate setting for a show.  Really, Willie was spectacular and I loved the small venue for such a big man.  It makes it nearly impossible to think of going to a coliseum/arena event.Shows often sell out, so buy tickets early!
4	Went there for the first time for Kissmas 2012.  The layout is good, but you do need to arrive early to get close to the rail/stage area.  The acoustics are excellent, with floor shaking bass.  Lots of bars around and even had a couple of items for food.  Restrooms a plenty.  And the best part, free parking, which is unheard of almost in Uptown nowadays.  The only notch against it I see is that it's not near anything else beyond the Music Factory; so you would have to drive off to find a good place to eat or drink.  Beyond that, enjoyed it.
1	Fillmore is a total joke. High ticket prices/service fees, ridiculous drink prices, terrible layout (bathrooms only on one side and very hard to get to), awful outside area (reminiscent of a cage for animals). Such a disappointment. Spend your hard earned $ at the Neighborhood Theatre or Visulite and have a much better experience.
4	My last few visits to The Fillmore have been night and day different. Though some of the drink prices are a just a little too steep for me to commit, I do greatly appreciate them landing some local draught brews. Upon my last visit, Triple C was holding down the VIP bar area. Much more worth paying a little bit of a price tag. Also, never knew this before, but the stage of the amphitheater (out back) is opened up to smokers. Not that I'm a smoker, but that's a pretty nice touch. It's also pretty cool to go hang out even on a cold night since they have some furniture and heat lamps out there for winter shows. Big improvements in the right direction!
1	Venue blows. $10 drinks, sight lines are terrible, sound is average at best. There is nothing special about this venue, as is true with most Fillmore venues.  If you're not going to see someone you really like, don't go.
4	This is a really cool venue to see a show. I have been here a few times now and never had a bad experience. The drink prices are ridiculous but I understand they are not open every night with a show and need to make money. The venue itself is good sized. They can be sold out but it does not feel like your squished in their either. The floor is teared so you get a good view of the stage no matter where you are. The bathrooms are big and surprisingly clean with all things considered. The sound/ acoustics for an old factory is surprisingly awesome.
2	I had the opportunity to visit the Filmore for the first time this weekend.Well...maybe it was the event or the fact that it took forever to park and then walk over the rocks and gravel in heels...which for anyone who doesn't know is NOT fun at all...but on to The Fillmore I just wasn't very impressed.First impressions really do set the tone for the whole experience...and the security guards were not very friendly or polite. Hoping that would be the last of the unpleasant events...but once inside the staff wasn't friendly either...everyone seemed a little annoyed with and with the people. I will say that space was very large and the acoustics were good but just overall I was underwhelmed...by everything. I guess I will give them another try...hopefully I will be impressed next time.
3	Great venue for live music.  The chandeliers are gorgeous and the place is open and spacious.  The drinks are a big more than I would like for Charlotte prices ($7-$10 for a cocktail) but not so outrageous to make me go the night sober.  I went here for a cover band show, which isn't as popular as the current acts coming to town, so it was a tolerable crowd.  You actually had enough room to breathe and even dance a little.  I can imagine this place getting pretty packed though with bigger names as the headliners.I still haven't figured out the parking situation in the area.  There's so much parking in the big lots close by and yet they are still so full, but the amount of people I see never seems to match up.  Where are all these phantom cars coming from?  I love live music and expect I'll be back here from time to time.  It's a place you can't avoid if you are into that scene, but it's definitely tolerable and even enjoyable if you have the right mindset going in.
3	Probably my least favorite place to see a show in Charlotte but because of their connection with Live Nations, they get a lot of great shows so I have been here countless times.I know that Live Nations makes most of its profits off the ticket price but I can't help but thing if you sold beer for less than $9 - $12 that you'd sell a lot more beer. Also, coming from someone who doesnt like light beer, their selection is horrible. I personally wont buy more than 1 or 2 at that price.The VIP area (which you pay more for) includes a private bar and bathroom. However, if you would like a seat, you have to pay more for that.The place is very clean and nice. Sound system is decent. But the layout could be a lot better for a place that was designed to be a live music venue. If I had the option of seeing a performer anywhere else I would.
4	What a great space. I really love the Fillmore! This inside concert arena really gets packed! Be prepared to stand and wear comfy shoes! The only seats are reserved for the VIP. But who really sits when their favorite band is jamming out? Not me! This was my 2nd visit here I really have no complaints about this place. Tickets prices are fair. The staff are always cool. It's really the drunk concert goers that you have to watch out for. I was the unfortunate patron who had a whole beer dropped on my foot.
3	Nice place to see a show
2	Went to the Fillmore last night which was my second time to the venue.  It was a great event, let me tell you, really.Reading all of the other reviews, I must say they're right.  I walked up to the cash bar and after having one of those days at work asked for a Gin & Tonic.  It was served in a small plastic cup.  The bartender said "11.00" and I thought she was speaking to the guy next to me who had ordered 2 drinks.  That's right folks, $11.00 for a mixed drink.  WOW!!!Parking was a pain in the rump, sound system was good, patio was fun.  I left thinking, I can't believe they charge $11.00 for a mixed drink.
5	Okay kids. I have had so many overwhelmingly positive experiences with The Fillmore and its staff, I just can't stand it. I simply MUST write a review.A word: **Yes, the alcohol prices are astronomical. One word: pregame. VBGB is there for a reason. So get your craft beer and suck it up. The Fillmore has too much other good stuff to offer for that to be a detractor.**Staff: stellar. I mean, really. These guys (and ladies) are top notch and are just as kind and helpful as you could dream. I recently spent the better part of 3 days there, and I was treated as one of the family.The bathrooms are clean, and I LOVE the black...facilities. Don't know why, but I do. The smoking patio (although I don't smoke) is the Uptown Amphitheatre stage. So while you smoke, you can stand on the same stage that REALLY famous people have rocked out on. Gosh, that's just cool.I love the VIP area, which gets you just high enough to see over the people's heads who are standing in the main floor area, and there are both male and female facilities in the VIP area. And a VIP only bar. Please and thank you. Totally worth the price so you don't have to wade through the crowd.I've been to quite a few events besides concerts here, and every time I'm impressed by how versatile the space is. It can have a central focus (stage), or lots of smaller areas (i.e. Vintage Charlotte).They also book a lot of the bigger shows coming to town, so it's where I end up!  All in all, any excuse I have, I'm heading over here. Huzzah!
4	Filmore is a great music venue for the fact that the stage is up so high-- this makes it near impossible to have a bad seat in the house. I've been to several shows at the Filmore and even a few events. I like that there is more than just one bar (which reduces lines and wait time for libations).  I also appreciate that the venue is well-ventilated. I cannot tell you how many shows I've been to where I am DRIPPING sweat.  I do not believe you will have this problem at The Fillmore. The place is appropriately cooled for the expected amount of patrons at a concert. My only beef is that the drinks are WAY too expensive. I mean come on, we are already paying the fee for the tickets + the 'processing fees,' there really is no reason to pay 11 bucks for a house vodka (aristocrat) and tonic. That's ridiculous.  My advise, go over to VBGB for your cocktails before you go to the show and then stick to an overpriced Bud Light for the concert.
2	For short people, this place sucks! I miss Neighborhood Theatre. The slope was great because it allowed even short people like myself the ability to see the stage. Maybe its because I have only come during major concerts like Passion Pit and Minus the Bear, but each time I've been to the Fillmore it is packed to the point where I'm squished in the crowd like a sardine and I can only HEAR the band playing but cannot see the stage. Last time I was here, I got my lip busted open when a crowdsurfer smashed my face into a metal bar. The crowds are usually full of obnoxious minors. People who are old enough to purchase a beer are hit with a $13 can of PBR aka watered down pee. I much prefer events at the Chop Shop and dare I say it.....even Verizon Wireless Amphitheater.
4	I felt compelled to write a review because of all the other reviews talking about rude staff. The staff were not rude at all. In fact, they were very helpful and very nice. There were designated areas to stand and they did a great job of making sure people were not crowding the walkways. At the end of the night they were very courteous as they cleared everyone out of the venue. As long as you're not acting like a drunken fool and following the rules you will be fine.The drinks were expensive. $12 for a 24oz craft brew and $7 for a 12oz. $9 for 24oz domestic cans. Pregame before next door at VGBG Beer Hall & Garden.We went VIP and chose to sit to the left of the stage. It is worth the extra cash if you're a little bit older, want to be comfortable, have a good view, private bathrooms, and private bar. If you're not drinking and you're young I would pass on the VIP. Do not fork over the extra cash for the VIP booth. The booth sits behind the main standing area and it looked like it would be hard to see the show.Loved this venue. Very nice and clean.
4	I've been to the Fillmore on two different occasions and I must say, both were really good experiences. The most recent was to see The Cult. I like the set up of the venue. You can get close to the stage if you choose or hang a bit further back on two step up levels so you can see over the crowd. Good sound quality as well. Plenty of bars all around to get your drink on but the price of those drinks are hefty. Plan on drinking before you go if that's your thing.
4	This is a neat venue. I like the stage and it being high off the ground. Makes almost any seat in the house a good one. They also have an amphitheater out back, nice touch. Staff was friendly and helpful as well. Drinks prices are a bit outrageous, so I opted for water. If you want to drink there is more than one bar which is nice. You don't have to walk far and with multiple serving areas, lines are not as long. This is also a good place for events, I went here for a Yelp event myself.
4	The Fillmore is a pretty great place to go for a show.  You walk in and you've got the stage in front of you and the merch is set up to the right so you can load up on t-shirts and stickers before you find a spot to stand.  There are tiered levels so it's possible to see the stage even from the very back of the venue.  Please note, if you come to the Fillmore you will be standing unless you buy VIP tickets!The sound is pretty good and you'll notice the chandeliers that add a touch of - something - actually I'm not really sure what they add but it's a "Fillmore thing" so we'll go with it.There are bars all over the place so you won't have a problem finding a short beer line.  There are pretty good options for beer and liquor.  The bathrooms are off in the corner and are easy enough to get to.  The problem is trying to fight your way back through the crowd to your group, especially if you are like me and have short friends! Oh and the parking!  It's a pretty good set up.  It's free so that's a plus, and the main lot is paved so that's another plus.  Getting in and out is much easier than some of the larger venues in town (I'm looking at you, Verizon Amphitheater).
5	Door guys are pretty sexy ; )
4	This is a really cool venue, I like the chandeliers and the ambiance of this place.  There are 3 bars and ample restrooms so there is no wait.  Be prepared for $9 beers (24 oz cans).  There really isn't a bad spot in this place the only downside is they don't have seating, it's standing only so wear comfortable shoes!
4	Great concert venue.  Parking is close and free.  Alcohol prices are a little high, but hey it's a Live Nation venue so it's expected.  A "VIP" ticket really isn't much.  You get your own restrooms and bar, that's about it-not really worth the extra cash.
5	When it comes to concerts, there's one thing that really gets me...the crowd. I hate being cramped into a small confined area at a small venue or lost in a sea of random strangers at a large one. The Fillmore is the perfect size, and allows those who want to rush the stage an up close and personal experience while others can hang out at the back and not worry about getting jostled or moshed about, but still get that intimate experience.We've attended two shows at The Fillmore so far, and have tickets to attend another show in February. Parking isn't too bad, as there are several larger lots that are not far from the venue at all (next to that weird diner across the street.) The venue itself is perfectly sized, where it's not too big where you're squinting to see the band on stage and not too small where the entire general admission area turns into a hectic mosh pit. As I said, my wife and I like to hang out towards the back away from the crazys where we can relax and get lost in the music without having to worry about getting kicked in the head from a crowd surfer. The prices for tickets is pretty reasonable, so no complaints there. Of course I will complain about the price of beverages (beer and water both) but that's to be expected at any venue...they will always gouge consumers at the concession stand where they can make the most profit. I also have to say that the rest rooms are ample with plenty of room, and they stayed clean throughout the show. Kudos to whoever keeps going in there to maintain them.All in all, The Fillmore is a great way to see some of your favorite bands. We've seen New Found Glory, Alkaline Trio and Yellowcard here so far...none of these bands are slouches and have some national appeal. The fact that The Fillmore is large enough to comfortably accommodate fans while not cramming said fans into a tight area goes to show why it is a superior venue for crooning along with some of your favorites. I just recommend becoming a camel and stocking up some water in your hump before going in, or expect to pay $8 for a cup of water.
4	I have been to Fillmore probably close to a dozen times now and have mostly great things to say. One of my favorite things is parking. There is a HUGE and FREE and PAVED parking lot right across the way and plenty of bars to stop by before the show.The staff is efficient and friendly and lines are usually short or non-existent. When you first walk in, the stage is right in front of you and slightly to the right. You'll probably notice the ornate chandeliers and disco balls on the ceiling, which is a corporate Fillmore thing--all of them have it.There are bars in every corner of this place and have yet to really wait for a drink. I have never had a bad experience with the bartenders who seem to always be friendly.Now I must tell you, drinks are NOT cheap. Expect to pay around $11 for small mixed drinks, $9 for Coorslight/Budlight tall boys and $12 for large craft draft beers. They usually have a decent selection of local and non-local craft beers. They even had Saranac on draft last week ,which I rarely find in grocery markets!The other issue I have is the bathroom location. They are on the opposite side of the entrance in the corner and when shows are sold out or even near sold out it is almost impossible to get to during the show. To make it worse, this is also where you go to get to the smoking deck (stage of the amphitheater) so during set breaks its like heard of slow moving cattle and takes forever to get anywhere.Despite an awkward bathroom location configuration, they are immaculate and plentiful. Some of the best bathroom facilities I have ever been in and I don't recall ever having to wait in line.The stage is high off the ground and there are a few raised sections off the floor each with a banister to set drinks on. In short, there is not a bad spot in this place.The acoustic and sound is always impeccable. Some of my favorite shows have been here and there seems to always be a good crowd. The Fillmore brings in quite a wide variety of different genres and is a routine stop for some of my favorite artists during their national tours. I do wish they booked more jamband/bluegrass type acts and less punk/mental, but hey! That's just me.Check out the Fillmore and see for yourself... it's a quite a neat spot in a great area.
4	One of my favorite venues in Charlotte.Drinks. Yes, they're pricey. They will be pricey at pretty much any major venue. Get there early and go pregame at VBGB or Small Bar. Two great places to grab drinks. Both located on either side of The Fillmore.I love the light fixtures. Super nice. Stage height is good. There's not really a bad place to stand on the floor for a show.Some great bartenders slinging drinks. Lori and Chrissy are longtime pros behind the bar. You can usually find them in the VIP section.The only downfall of this place is it's connected to Live Nation. Pay attention to the Fillmore and Jeff Hahne's (music editor for Creative Loafing) social media... they keep you updated when there are specials. Every once in awhile you can get tickets for shows without all those extra fees tacked on. It's like Christmas! My latest show was this past weekend. Flogging Molly. Sold out. Tremendous as always. For a sold out show, I didn't feel overwhelmed or squished. Kudos to The Fillmore for bringing in such great shows... seems to get better every year. If you can hear me, bring in Alabama Shakes....
2	Seriously upset with this venue. I bought VIP tickets to see Young the Giant because I wanted to avoid the lines and get in before everyone, which is listed as one of the bonuses when you buy the ticket... And I have witnessed this happen before at other shows. But it turns out that we didn't get in before everyone else did and I spent the extra $50 for nothing. The 'VIP section' was filled with parents of teenage girls and totally pointless because it is beside the stage. I am very disappointed.
4	I love it when a band I love plays here! It's beautiful. It's affordable. Don't like paying $7 for PBR, but when I cave and have 6, there are plentiful bathroom stalls! Haven't tried the food in the back alley, but a veggie wrap is in my future. I wish they had some seating! SEATING!
4	The Fillmore is one of the best music venues in Charlotte. It intimately holds 2,000 people and there is not a bad seat in the house. I've seen several shows here with artists ranging from Girl Talk to Gaslight Anthem. The decor is trendy, yet inviting. The crystal chandeliers are absolutely beautiful and really make this space different from other venues that are just bare-bones. The VIP section is where it's at so if you can fork up a couple extra bucks for a VIP ticket, do it. It's usually worth it for the extra standing room, designated bar and restrooms. The drinks are SUPER expensive here so most people pre-game before the concert and just buy one or two drinks while at the concert. A large canned beer can cost about $7 or $9. The bar service is usually great and the Fillmore staff is always friendly and excited about the bands playing. Check out their website and you'll notice that they book artists from every type of music genre.. Rap, Rock, EDM, etc. They do not discriminate and usually bring on some pretty awesome names in music. If you haven't been yet, The Fillmore is a must-do in the Charlotte music scene.
2	Where to start with this joke of a venue. Let's start with the "event staff". It would appear they had a douchebag contest with 2 winners and the rest were corralled at a senior center. "You can stand there but not here"  "can't you see the non reflective tape on the floor in pitch black darkness" that would be a NO! Like the cop said in a previous post these "clownshoes" or event staff DO NOT make you feel safe. They make you feel bothered or irritated if anything. They probably couldn't even spell professionalism much less define it. On to the bar, or lack there of. A full bar would entail having everything you need to make well drinks. Not the case in the establishment. So you could say they have "half bar". Now keep in mind I've drank my fare share of grey goose vodka and have NEVER received a headache from it ever, but I sure did last nite. That would lead me to believe they are refilling bottles. I don't have evident proof but a headache is good enough for me. I also witnessed at least 3 patrons that had been over served. Now its time for the stairs. Witnessed 4 people fall flat on their face from the neglect within those stairs. No reflective paint or lighting of any kind. One day someone will drop a suit on this place for just that and I hope they win, only because some owners need to learn the hard way, by coming out of pocket in a big way. For the final act, which was the best by far, 2% or less of the "VIP" area could've cared less about it.  Sadly I won't be going back to spend over $40 on 4 top shelf "drinks" that I only caught a headache from. WEAK A F
4	I went to see Modest Mouse at the Fillmore this past May and really enjoyed it. First thought: FREE PARKING! After being used to navigating rather sketch alleyways and expensive parking decks in Atlanta, this was big news. Getting to and from the parking lot was rather a hot mess with lots of traffic, but I was still happy with the car situation.Drinks are expensive, but that didn't seem to hold back many of the other people at the venue. I went to a sold out show so I saw the place at probably near full capacity, and it was crowded but with enough room to keep from stepping on toes.Great sound and the tiered floor makes general admission not too shabby even from pretty far towards the back. :)
5	This is my hands down favorite music venue,in charlotte nc! I love how close you can get to the bands and artist,and the overall atmosphere is awesome! I have been to several shows here and if you want a very enjoyable concert expierience this is definately the venue for you!!!
4	Great Place to catch a show. One of the best music venues in Charlotte for bigger acts. Its just like any other fillmore ie- Denver, Silver Spring.
4	I'm a live music junkie and the Fillmore is a great venue to get my fix.  It's big, has great sound and is multi-leveled to help out the little guys.  The tickets are on the pricier side due to the live nation partnership, but that means it also attracts the biggest names in the business.  Try your best to pre-game beforehand if you're trying to catch a nice buzz for the show because drinks are $10~ a pop.  I always grab a few drinks and food at VBGB before every show, it never disappoints.  The bathrooms are large and always clean as well, you definitely can't say that for many music venues.  The only thing that keeps this place from 5-star status is drink prices, but I always make sure I have a few drinks ahead of time so it's not too big of an issue for me.
5	Love this venue! Great staff. Love the calibur of artists being booked. Thankful this place opened in Charlotte. A fantastic edition to the live music scene here in NC. Dont forget to grab a drink from either Small Bar or VBGB before/after show.
4	I feel like my review will just be reiterating what everyone else has said but hopefully it will help reassure everyones thoughts. To start, there is free parking and it is plentiful. That is always a plus after having to pay quite a bit for tickets. The only 2 "cons" I can think about the Fillmore both relate to prices. First, the price of tickets is slightly higher than they should be and then the price of drinks are a A LOT higher than they should be(I believe I spent $22, before tip, for a tall boy bud light and a small vodka tonic). The sound system/acoustics are good and the layout of the venue in general was good. As others have mentioned, the restrooms were clean and they were easily accessible due to security keeping an open lane next to the crowd on the main floor. They really do keep bringing the best artists to Charlotte so I will keep on returning.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with the Fillmore. As a live music junkie, I can fully appreciate the musicians that have rolled through this now iconic Charlotte venue. The sound is amazing, the lighting is always spot on, and there is never a bad seat. I have seen countless bands at The Fillmore Charlotte including Alt - J, Local Natives, Cage the Elephant, Phantogram, and Neon Trees to name a few. Each band was absolutely amazing and well worth the price of the ticket. However, I really wish this venue was 18+ because there were a lot of underage kids that show up 'under the influence' and ruin the atmosphere for everyone. There have been countless times where I witnessed kids passing out or causing problems for the rest of the concert goers. As someone who considers the atmosphere of the crowd to be a huge part of the experience, this is not something that I look forward to when going to the Fillmore and has prevented me from seeing certain shows.Do not go to the Fillmore planning to drink. Their prices are outrageous with a tallboy of domestic beer ringing in at $10. Tickets already range from $30 - 60 and knowing that you can't enjoy a good beer while listening to your favorite band without paying the price of a 12 pack is pretty detrimental. Never fear, though. VBGB is right next door to the venue and offers reasonable priced drinks and very impressive craft beer selection. It is highly recommended that you pre-game there beforehand if you don't want to burn a hole in your wallet.Would I recommend the Fillmore to others? Yeah... it is definitely worth putting up with all the cons if your a music junkie and some of the biggest names in the music industry have played there. It's definitely a place that you need to go to at least once.
4	Great place to see a concert. Small and intimate and not a bad view anywhere your standing. Drinks are expensive for no reason...go next door to vbgb beer hall where you will get quality beer and food. Security thinks they are in the FBI or something and are total douchebags
