5	There are only a few dog parks in my area. Horizon dog park is sightly closer to me but I prefer taking my puppy to Desert Vista Dog Park in Fountain Hills. Horizon park only has one large fenced area for all type of dogs. There is hardly any grass, mostly dirt and a few trees. I'd rather have grass and no trees. Desert Vista is about 3 or 4 times larger than Horizon and has 1 section for larger/active dogs and another section for smaller/passive dogs. I have a little yorkie mix who loves coming to this park. There's plenty of bags all around the park to pick up dog poop and the other dog owners do a great job of making sure its clean. It's always busy here so my dog has plenty of friends to play with. The owners are all very friendly here. There's two large shaded canopys where people can sit. There's lots of water bowls all over the park for dogs to share.
5	I LOVE this park and drive from Scottsdale just so my pup can play here. This park is huge, which is good considering I have a 130 lb ball of energy. I hardly ever see poo piles and there are buckets and water hoses everywhere. They even have a drinking fountain for the dogs and a kiddie pool to cool off after a rigorous run. 99% of the people that come here are great. You will run into the snobby one every now and then, but hey they calm down after a bit of slobber and dog hair clings to their fancy clothes.There is a separate section for small dogs, but I see alot of them in the main big dog area too. Over all great place!
5	I don't have a dog, but when (and if) I do adopt one, I will take he/she here. For sure.I did, however, take Baby Girl, the pint-sized Chihuahua, I was dog sitting here the other Saturday. She had a ball! Yes, she embarrassed the hell outta me by snarling at every dog there, yes. But, I think she does have some deep-rooted "small dog syndrome" issues and I will say she doesn't discriminate - she did that w/every pooch.Love that they have doggie pools for quick dips, nice grass for playing/pooping/rolling, water,  and segregated parks for the biggies and smalls. It's everything one would want in a dog park!
5	This is our favorite dog park. It is very large and has many areas for sitting while your dog explores or socializes. Water is easy to find and there are pools fir water dogs.  The only problem for us is that it is a long distance from our part of Scottsdale.
5	This dog park is fantastic! Wonderful for your dog and great for meeting like minded dog lovers. The big dog side has tons of room for running and playing. Trash bins all around and baggies provided so the area stays clean. Your dog will thank you for visiting this lovely park!
4	We love the dog park and Desert Vista is absolutely one of the best! As others have said, there are actually two areas - one for larger, more active dogs; and the other for smaller passive dogs. There are several ramadas between the two parks, which becomes very important as summer heats up, several baby pools for the dogs to jump in, several hoses, lots of balls to be flung, a few drinking fountains with a level low enough for dogs and LOTS of poop bag dispensers! All the owners seem to be really diligent about not only cleaning up their own dog's poop, but if they see other poop...they'll clean it up too. We're all just conscious and conscientious about keeping the parks clean. I think the only challenge I have is, my dog is small, so I generally take her to the small dog park. The big dog park is big enough that you can wander and easily avoid other people, if that's what you want to do. The small dog park is much smaller, which makes people-avoidance a much bigger challenge. And there seems to be a group of people who go every day and they all know each other. So if somebody new comes in the park, it's hard to find a quiet spot to read, or knit, or just sit and dog-watch, by yourself - one of the regulars will always approach. For an uber-introvert, it makes the small dog park a somewhat stressful place to go
