3	Looks better than it tastes...The attention to detail is excellent. But it's one of those experiences, where you feel bad eating it because you have to ruin the presentation. The restaurant itself is cozy and unpretentious, and doubles as a market and deli (interesting oil selections).  As far as the taste, I wasn't too thrilled. Amuse-bouche was a nice touch, but it came as a cheese that was way too salty. Good thing there was a gallon of water on the table to quench my salted mouth. The seared tuna I ordered was ridiculously chewy, and I was definitely not amused.Tips: Should have got the pre fixe, but it was out of my budget!
4	Ok, I love anything Laurent Godbout makes, but this is a great place! Did the set menu with the wine pairings and my ONLY complaint, was that it ended up being too much food. I was really forcing myself by the end. My girlfriend  had asked if they could change one course because she didn't like duck, they switched it up for her no problem, no fuss. Changed her wine on another course because she didn't like it so they found something that matched the course but was closer to her own tastes.
4	We ate here in December of last year and I can't recall exactly what we ate. I do recall that the food was super tasty and very well prepared. The restaurant is pretty stylish, but laid back and not too pretentious. When we ate, it was mostly a business crowd, but as we were enjoying a romantic evening meal they let us sit at the other side, near the bar. We were totally alone, and had a great time. I think I drunk too much....
5	On a visit to Montreal, my wife and I had an amazing time here. The food was sublime, and the presentation was artful and playful. The service was fantastic as well. This is a great place for a celebration.
5	I really wanna give it 4 and a half stars, but chose to round up instead of down because this place does not deserve a 1 star downgrade.  The food was excellent.  Every single dish.  We had the tasting menu and I lost track of how many things they brought us.  Everything was superb... but we must have been there for 3 hours.  Now, I noticed that in Montreal the dining pace is a little slower, but seriously, after 2 and a half hours, I wanted to tell them to stop bringing out food.  Who eats that much???  Anyway, the service was amazing and the setting was wonderful.  We had a very romantic dinner and walked out with some seriously full stomachs.  Highly recommended.
4	Maybe 4.5 stars. Went here for lunch. I had the penne with pesto and cherry tomatoes, which was very good. Also had a good green salad. Hubby had a wonderful cheesy squash soup that I ended up stealing, then the cod wrapped in ham with salted walnut butter, which was delicate and complex and really good. Service was excellent. This is just a nice little restaurant, with good cooking and high-quality ingredients. The food is fancy but the place is casual. You can't go wrong here.
3	Chez L'epicier has a classy decor and menu, but I find the food to be artsy to the point of not really being food anymore. If you want to look at the food and not eat it you will really like this place.The price structure is staggered so you can spend anywhere from $20 to $80 on your entree depending how fancy you want to get. The seven-course tasting menu is at the top of the tree. One problem with the tasting menu is that if others in your party are getting single-dish entrees they will be waiting around when you are on the various courses.The wine list is phenomenal. You want to spend $2000 on wine? You came to the right place. Many of the wines are elite French vintages rarely seen outside of Europe. The lower end wines are around $100 a bottle and there are numerous grand cru options at around $400-$500. Only bottles are offered, no glasses of wine.I liked the laid back elegance of decor with a touch of rusticism. It is the perfect fit for feel of Montreal. They have shelves where you can buy various sauces and condiments in the foyer area.The real problem with the restaurant is that the chef is an artist, not a cook. For example, when I got the tasting menu the final (seventh) course was a piece of lamb about the size of my thumb perched on top of a log cabin tower of vegetables I did not recognize. Over this aedifice was poured a semi-sweet chocolate sauce. The foundation of the quixotic structure was a bed of fluffed potatoes embued with a sauce of some sort. In general, every dish had to be explained by the server so you would know what it was.I don't really fault the restaurant for doing this kind of preparation, because unfortunately the trend in Quebec now is "avante-garde" creations which emphasize visual appearance. Hopefully this fad will go away soon. I mean, for the love of god, I go to museums if I want to look at art, and I go to restaurants when I want to eat.
4	Very nice ambiance and great food! Went for lunch and they offered the set menu. Ordered the four grad... Delicious. I would go back.
5	One of the best meals of my life (and I REALLY like to eat well:).  We stumbled into a tasting menu from a world renown chef.  It wasn't cheap ($150 for 7 course tasting menu and $80 for wine pairing each), but it was world class.We didn't have a reservation, but we were there at 5:30 - so we were offered a spot at the bar, despite the restaurant being booked for the evening.Our bartender was friendly and fun, and made the experience a great one.
4	We stumbled into this place by accident (and I'd say we lucked out) while wandering in Old Montreal this weekend.  We were looking for a dessert spot, and despite our being somewhat underdressed, without a reservation, they welcomed us to sit at the bar for dessert.  We had the chocolate club sandwich (served with a melon salad and some amazing "pineapple fries"), and the hazelnut-praline and chocolate mille-feuille, caramel with salt butter glaze and another on with lemon .  Both were excellent, and the bartender was quite friendly as well.  Our only complaint is with the fake candlelight effect that they have going on with the bar lighting.  It worked for the insets behind the bar, but the flickers in the overhead track lighting were a bit distracting. The dinner menu looks to be pricy, but if the desserts were any indication, it's probably worth a splurge!
4	Fantastic dinner, great setting, the best meal I had in Montreal. The food is presented in an upscale manner and tastes as good as it looks.
4	We got a reservation, same day,  for 9:30PM on a Saturday night during the Grande Prix. Rather amazing considering how packed the entire city is.The food wasn't as good as I had hoped for after reading the reviews here (maybe 4 stars out of 5) but the service was really quite attentive while not being obtrusive. Our waiter was fabulous and took the time to explain the dishes, the preparation, and even ensured that I didn't order anything that contained wheat as I am allergic. I started with the asparagus first course. It was quite bland and very small - I wouldn't order it again. I worried that my main course might not be enough to sate my appetite. My dining companion had a half order of the gnocchi to start with and he said it was fabulous. It was served with a mascarpone sauce, morels, and a balsamic reduction. I wished I could have had some but there was some flour in the preparation. He was in love and said he would give it 7.5 out of 10 stars. For my main course, I had the duck breast with a cauliflower puree and "warm potato salad". The duck portion was quite large but not very tender (probably as it was served medium rare). It was tasty but the sauce that accompanied it was not stellar. I also didn't feel that the cauliflower puree was a good match to the duck flavor. It was sprayed with a vinegar at the table that made it a bit too tart/sour. I didn't understand where the "warm potato salad" was though - there were these tiny little friend potato chips stuck into the puree, and small balls of potato with each mound of puree - the balls were a bit undercooked - was this the warm potato salad? I would give this a 3 out of 5. While good (or was I just really hungry due to the small first course?) it needs some work to be truly stellar.My companion had the salmon (I think with a mustard sauce) and it looked quite wonderful. Good sized portion. He said it was very good.I was quite full after the large duck portion (I'd like to see what duck that they took that breast off of - it was huge! - some sort of monster sized duck!). I ordered a few macaroons for dessert - they were amazingly light and airy, the fillings put inside of the two halves right before serving. Uber fresh. They have quite a few flavors to choose from which is nothing short of amazing - how do they find the time to make these, i wondered. The couple adjacent to us ordered the creme brulee assortment for their dessert and it looked fabulous. The dessert menu had a few things that were immediately understandable, but a few of the items ("dessert salad"?) were so "modern" that I just wasn't interested. A few things they need: - A wine menu by the glass that you can read from your table- A dessert drink menu to accompany the dessert menu- Nicer bathrooms (or someone to attend to them during the evening). The womens' toilette had towels thrown all over the counter and the floor was  wetI would definitely come here again. It's a very nice dining experience. It just needs a bit of help with a few of the menu items to knock my socks off.
5	Great restaurant in old Montreal.  Went for dinner based on a recommendation of a local. Thoroughly enjoyed the menu selection, wine list, quality of food, service and ambiance.  When it came to my food sensitivities, the chef made accommodations that were over and above most chefs/restaurants.  Entirely enjoyable experience.
5	Ate there a couple months ago and am just getting around to writing a review. The appetizer I had at Chez L'epicier was the best course I have ever had in my entire life. I had the Steak Tartare on some sort of Asian Fried Leaf thing. I eat very quickly... too quickly in most instances... I hadn't finished my appetizer of Steak Tartare by the time some people had finished their main course... I never wanted it to end. I have never eaten so slowly and enjoyed a course more in my life. The rest of the meal was excellent but not even worth reporting on compared to the appetizer. I am hoping Laurent Godbout opens a restaurant down in DC.
5	We chose Chez L'epecier as our "blowout" meal of our trip to Montreal. And by "blowout" I mean both in quantity and quality of the meal and budget. And yay! It was worth it! And definitely make a reservation. We called about 5 days in advance and got the exact time we wanted.We thought we'd get the tasting menu with wine pairings, but after hearing about it... we were both very meh. So, we decided to explore from the menu. Ordered a fabulous bottle of Clos Figueras wine. Given that this a French restaurant, I was appreciative of their non-French wine selections; limited, but good quality.I had the fois gras and almost died because the fois gras was good, but pairing it with "smoked yogurt" was amazing. Also pairing this with the Sauternes and I thought I was in heaven. My husband had the razor clam app with edamame and highlighted with trout eggs. He was still talking about it two days later.We both had the osso bucco. My husband had warned me that Montreal has some of the best osso bucco in the world and well... this was amazing. The polenta was only okay (not to my liking - a little bland), but the meat was so... I don't even have the words. On the side was also a vanilla/carrot foam that was really intriguing (and tasty on the polenta).For dessert we had the creme brulees... which were a little surprising, but good! My husband did find some campari for his pre-dinner drink. I enjoyed a cappucino to end.The waiter was very good; I'd give him 4.5 (not quite a 5 rating). I did appreciate that when talking with him about wine suggestions, he recommended some very reasonably priced bottles; we went with the slight less reasonably priced bottle. At the end of the meal, my husband was looking for some Averna or Kirch brandy, neither of which they had, but the waiter offered to bring some raspberry brandy (similar to Kirch) over for him to taste. And it was a winner...We spent 3+ hours and a lot of $, but we got our "blowout" dinner (and fortunately a mile+ walk back to the hotel to burn some of it off!). It was lovely and well worth it. Met all of our expectations and threw in some interesting surprises as well.  I have to admit, my favorite part of this place (in hindsight) was the traditionally good food, but each with a surprising little twist that made it a bit of a culinary adventure.
2	Let me start by saying I guess I just don't care much for Contemporary French food.  My girlfriend and I chose here as our Montreal special dinner.   We are both disappointed. I went for the tasting menu, nothing impressive, the taste is average and presentation is so-so.  The wine paring is a joke, it is basically whatever wine they offer by glass. My gf ordered the duck breast, overcooked.The service is not bad, but again just average.
4	The food was divine.  I took away one star for the attitude.  We didn't have a reservation so we inquired as to availability on a lark as we walked by and were intrigued by the menu. Acting as though it were a hardship, the hostess grudgingly seated us at the (empty) bar.  When we left, there were still empty tables.  The service we got from the bartender herself was just fine.
4	I am so glad I dined at Chez L'epicier during my stay in Montreal, it really solidified the message that Montreal is one of the top cities in Canada for some of the best food you will ever taste!The ambiance alone in this place is astounding. Old brick walls, a cozy and candlelit atmosphere ... Chez L'epicier seems to achieve a romantic old-world feel so easily. The wait times for seeing your order (as well as your server) are a bit long, but I hear that is pretty standard for Montreal.The gnocchi was packed with a surprisingly strong flavour. I'm still not entirely sure if I enjoyed it entirely but I do remember it made quite the impact on my tastebuds! Not in a bad way, but I distinctly remember thinking the taste was very different from other gnocchi I've had. Dessert was a plate of delicate madelienes with scoops of fresh sorbet, absolutely delicious. The presentation for each dish was also impeccable. My fellow dining companions ordered the creme brulee and deep fried mars bar, both receiving stellar reviews as well.We loved this place so much we came back the next night for dessert but they were closed. I will definitely be back here if I'm ever in Montreal again. Thanks for the wonderful and delicious memories, Chez L'epicier!
5	My first night in Montreal I spent at Chez L'epicer. The service was wonderful. It was about 10:30pm and they didn't hesitate to seat us. We decided to order the seven course meal with wine pairing. I usually don't order set meals but thought why not try something different. It offered a full tasting of almost the entire menu.1.) Hot broth with lemongrass and tomato, kampachi fish, yuze meringue and kumquat carpaccio.2.) Frog legs, grilled eggplant, watercress puree with butter, garlic and parsley cromesquis.3.) Sweetbreads, glazed ginger, mushroom risotto. (The winner)4.) Pressed foie gras from Elysee Farm, compressed apple compost, beet roll-up with cider vinegar and syrup, micro-amaranth, dill and cinamon crumble.5.) Boileau venison cooked at 54 degrees, mini stuffed cabbage, creamy sweet potatoes, cinnamon foam.6.) Cheese puff, apple laque7.) Greek yogurt sphere with pistachio powder, coriander and basil lichen, pistachio crumble.Seven different wines served with each dish.I'm not a wine expert at all but each wine seemed to enhance the taste of the food. Had a great meal. I can't tell you how pleasant the service was. Friendly and efficient to the max.
5	The best dinner my wife have had in several years. Fresh ingredients mixed in imaginative ways and cooked to perfection. Careful thought was put into every aspect of their business: the tableware was unique and elegant; we especially loved the heavy cast-iron individual teapots. Even the sink in the bathroom was beautiful: the water flows over a stone slab that you place your hands under. For appetizers I had the almond gazpacho (wonderful) and my wife had fresh tomatoes in olive oil served on top of goat (?) cheese and with exquisite fried kalamata olives. For the main course she had the lobster served de-shelled with a lobster bisque topping and lying on top of a spring roll stuffed with mushrooms. I had the sea bass served with fresh vegetables, a creamy dill sauce and I believe risotto. For desert I had the ice cream/sorbet sampler (vanilla, coffee, pineapple, tangerine, and pink grapefruit) and my wife had the creme brulee sampler (ginger, chocolate, mint, and lime). Even my anise tea was delicious. Highly recommended.
5	Truly, as good as it gets.  I was so relieved when the hotel recommended Chez L'epicier because that's where I was planning to go anyway.  My first meal there was so memorable I could hardly wait to drive 1000 miles and return.  One of the 10 best meals I've ever had. Ever. Very attentive service ( the waiter brought me a cook book to read while I waited... I asked him if he could promise that if I bought it I could cook food as delicious as this...he assured me I would.  And I am.  Swear to God,  I, who can barely boil water, have eaten royally since I got home.) Just so very good it makes me weak in the knees just to think of it.Have the BLT for dessert.  Trust me. Just do it.
2	Argh, what a disappointment.  Having read through the list of raving reviews and listening to the concierge's recommendations, I thought that this would be the killer place to spend our last evening in Montreal.  Instead, it killed the good vibe!  Ok, so we sat down ok and had a nice introduction to the restaurant.  Staff was pleasant enough.  A bit disengaged but not to a degree that was unbearable.  I started with a lovely butternut squash bisque.  That was quite good.  The wife had a mesculun salad that had a grotesque, sloppy presentation (a large bunch of leaves bound together in a completely inconvenient mass too difficult to truly address) ... That had to be sent back.  She had a mushroom risotto that was quite nice.  I had a veal dish that was forgettable, to be honest.  She had a 'Pinot noir' that was, at best, a top choice at Olive Garden.  I had a cab that, without exaggeration, smelled like hard boiled eggs. To top if off, something caught fire in the kitchen, so service came to a stan still for the entire place.  The entire restaurant had a haze to it.  No apologies from management for the smell or for the fact that dinner took two hours.
4	we went there in 2009 and LOVED it.  loved the location, the atmospher and the food.  so want to go back.
5	I know that it is hard to go wrong finding a good restaurant in Montreal, but some places are just better than others.A co-worker, who lives in Montreal, took me here on a Tuesday night.  He told me that we would likely never get in on a weekend night.  Based on the food, I can see why.The location is in Old Montreal, which can have touristy places than border on bad food.  The decor is also not quite as fancy as the four $$$$ that Yelp lists this place.  In fact, I would not call this a $$$$ place .  The menu changes quite a bit, but there were plenty of meals under $40.Service was helpful and attentive.  Recommendations on wine, entrees and dessert were excellent:-Wine list is good... heavy on French and European - with lots of price points covered.-I had a simple mescalin salad with dressing.  Other than the fact that it was enough for two, it was a great start to the meal.-My dining companion had the tartar mixed with beets.  He said the beets gave it an interesting flavor and texture.-I had the scallops.  Presentation was beautiful and the various textures/flavors were to die for.-Finally, we shared Chocolate Bavarois.  There has never been a better combination of cocoa!The last point I would like to make on this excellent establishment is that the chef must like foie gras.  I counted no less than 6 menu items that contained it.  The amuse bouche had it.  My scallops were flavored with it.  At the beginning of the meal, we remarked that we thought the butter was flavored with it (it isn't - it was simply butter with olives in it).  This chef really knows how to cook!
4	Food was great. Service not so much. Time between 1st and 2nd course was substantial.
5	Amazing meal. Everything looked like a work of art and tasted even better. I had the steak tartar, best I've had yet and I've tried a lot... And sea bass was gorgeous and tasty. And a yummy vanilla macaroon. Great atmosphere and great service!
4	We really enjoyed the overall experience - the service and food were definitely above average....we all agreed just a little lacking for a 5 star level.For a table of 4, we started off with the Cold Asparagus Soup, Duck Wrapped Scallops and 1/2 Dozen Raw Oysters.  The soup was out of this world good - very fresh with a great spicy, asparagus flavor.  The scallops were just ok and the oysters were very small with limited flavor @$18.For entrees - the Filet was a hit (cooked just right with nice flavor) and the Suckling Pig was really good (the mashed potatoes stuffed inside added a great flavor).  The Risotto had a weird flavor to it that was not pleasant (just couldn't get into the soybean and soy broth) and the Scallop entree was just ok.Desert was pretty awesome - the Chocolate Club Sandwich with Pineapple Fries was the bomb as well as the assorted Creme Brulee's!Server was excellent in wine choices - really spent the time to recommend based on our tastes and not just high prices.
3	Not bad at all but somewhat overrated based on my personal experience there. $63 seemed excessive for 3 kir royals that our party orderedApps were fair. The ceviche seemed likely mostly veggies and little tuna. Entrees were good but lacked flair. Male server pleasant but lacking any warmth or enthusiasm. Female who brought our dishes and described the preparations was warm,pleasant, and informative. Nothing wrong with this meal but it was by far our most expensive in Montreal and it really was not memorable in any way.
5	Loved this place! The location is excellent - right on Rue St. Paul in the heart of Old Montreal. The food was outstanding. I had the halibut and my wife had the quail. Both of us agreed it was one of the best meals we had while in Canada.
4	I sat at the bar and had the tasting menu with the wine pairing.  As is typical with a tasting menu, some items weren't as good as others, but overall this was a fantastic meal.  I actually would have preferred slightly smaller portions for some of the courses because I was so incredibly full afterwards.  I'd say this is more accurately a 4.5.  Great for a special occasion.
4	Very pleased for Montreal en LumiereIt was a perfectly pleasant meal, I ordered the wine pairing and found the selections to complement the food really great.  It was our first visit and we were very happy with our choice. Parking right out front was easy.  It is a top restaurant here in the Old Montreal and is as I would expect.  The food is turned out to a high standard, well executed, served in a timely manner, excellent judicious service.  Well-paced meal.   I would return.  The night that we visited 2/25 (Tuesday) we had guest chef Luc Vaillancourt and not Laurent Godbout.
5	Very good food Duck and steak tartar is awesomeDeserts was also goodService was fast and accurate Nice vine selection and food presentation
5	Our second visit here and this place will definitely be a prominent fixture in our trips to Montreal.  What I love about the food is that it doesn't try to get too experimental for the sake of being cool but still exhibits creativity, competency and most of all FLAVOR... Let me tell you about my Bouillabaisse.  It is a dish I love to order but is usually a bit heavier than I like in the end.  This version was more or less deconstructed with outrageously well prepared seafood sitting in a thin layer of the richest most flavorful broth I have every tasted.  My other half had a truffle gnocchi which makes you sit up an take notice of the difference between truffles and truffle oil.  This was the real-deal and was unusual in that the pieces were very small and delightfully light.  We sat at the bar and enjoyed cocktails and banter with the bar-tender which is just the way we like our upscale dining experiences.The sample of four creme brulee was a perfect end to the evening.
5	I could hardly wait to get to Montreal so I could go back to Chez L'Epicier.  The amuse bouche was the macaron with goat cheese which others have mentioned.  Sounds awful, tastes heavenly.  Next a shrimp salad...not  big ole shrimp on the side of the glass with seafood sauce. Oh no.  Little bitty shrimp with red grapefruit sections and radish. Filet for entree and would I like wild mushrooms, in season, with that?  Oh yes, please. Perfectly cooked.  Dessert was a delightful pistachio confection with itty bitty spheres of meringue.  How do they do that?  A cup of tea and I was blissful while I waited for the check.  But wait! There's more!  The server came back, not with the check,  but with a plate of homemade marshmallows and a little burner.  Just because the chef though I might enjoy them..."you know, like the campfire when we were children?"  Yes, but we never had homemade marshmallows at any campfire I ever sat around! And now I'm ruined.  Ruined.  I can never eat commercial marshmallows again.  No one else got the marshmallow treatment, everyone was looking as I toasted them, and why I got them I don't know.  Maybe just because I was so truly, honestly happy to be there again!
