5	Fantastic neighborhood pub. Friendly staff and great food. Try the Guinness chicken wings.
4	The first "true" hot wings I have ever eaten. The Rim Reaper is no joke and there will be consequences in the bathroom the following day!
4	Always a nice atmosphere, often live music. Black Velvet is the best. Good bison burgers too!
4	A great "local" pub with friendly staff.  Most nights have live music.  The food menu isnt bad, but wish they had a few more healthy options.
4	A great Pub with a friendly (attractive) staff.  They have a great selection of beer, even though the waitress didn't know what a Hefeweizen was, but I was happy with their Weissbier (white beer).  They have excellent food.  As appetizers go; their Guinness Nachos are great and I recommend their Frickles (fried pickle spears).  The main dish I recommend to everyone is the Irish Stew, because #1 - baby animals taste the best and #2 - seriously, it's an awesome dish (its large enough to share with someone, though you may regret sharing).   The atmosphere is very lively and fun to hang out and throw back a few.
3	With limited choices in the west island, adding a mckibbons is great. The ambience of this particular location has much to be desired, however. Lacking the cozy atmosphere of other Irish pubs, this one feels cavernous and the sound carries making it difficult to talk. Still, like the other (better) mckibbons locations, the food is good and there are some good beers on tap.
4	Top notch folks, top notch. The chicken and leek pie was classic. I also enjoyed a really tasty kronenberg 1664 on tap. The truly fun part was sitting around listening to all the other people cursing at the hockey game en francais. I didn't order it, but I saw they have a Titanic burger which looked epic. The only thing I would suggest is if you're really hungry, you might want to eat a little something before coming in, because the wait for the food was very long. It took more than 60 minutes to get my dinner. I didn't care because I was with some folks and we were busy kicking back and socializing.
4	I have had the occasion to hit this pub twice this week.  The first time was so good I had to come back to see if it was just a fluke.  It wasn't...Even though this location is in a strip-mall (you can hit a bookstore, grocery store and toy store when you're there!), when you step inside the door, you are transported into a true irish pub.  Both nights (a Monday and Wednesday) were packed with people - young/old, couples/singles).  But this is Yelp - which is about food - and this place solidly deserves 4 stars (if not more).  Monday night, I had the special - corned beef sandwich, cole slaw and fries.  REALLY REALLY good. I have yet to figure out the difference between "Montreal Smoked Meat "and "Corned Beef".  In fact, they call fries "chips" and the slaw was "creamed cabbage".  Call me an ignornant American, but it was still wonderful.  The second night, I had the Shepards Pie, which was equally as good.  It was odd that it was served with a salad.  The light salad clashed with the heaviness of the SP.  My only critique of the SP was that it did not have more veggies - where are the peas, green beans, etc?  It was ground beef, corn, and mashed potatoes on top.TVs are a plenty here - perfect for watching a hockey game.  There is also a stage, but there were no musical acts scheduled the nights we were there.  Service is attentive and the atmosphere is very casual.  This is my new favorite bar in suburban YUL...
4	Had a nice dinner here on a fine summer evening where we had the chance to sit on the patio.  Interesting that this pub is in a strip mall but nonetheless it's in a nice quieter area with ample parking.  I came with a friend and had my 4 year old daughter  along with me when were at the greeter entrance they mentioned "law states that after 7 PM kids are not allowed.  It was 6:30 PM and I bluntly asked "are you going to kick us out at 7 then"? to which they replied "no".  The menu comes out on a "newspaper type print".  My friend mentioned the Shepard's pie was very good there! For the meal we ordered the irish spring rolls as an appetizer?  They were okay sort of tasted like bland indian samosas!  For the main meal I ordered the fish and chips and a full order of shepards pie for my daughter.  Fish and chips were great!  Two pieces of crispy light haddock on a bed of chips with coleslaw and tartar on the side.  Washed it down with a pint and all was happy!  True to their word they didn't kick us out.  We left around 7:20PM.  Prices were very reasonable and food and beer was good!  Only complaint is that people were smoking on the patio.  MIP probably deems this as outside but it's really gross to eat while people are smoking in this day and age!!!  I can't imagine how gross restaurants were in the 70's and 80's when people smoked like chimneys!  Otherwise a nice dining experience!
4	It is almost an oxymoron as the ambiance was queerly muted. An Irish pub without the usual disonnance is to the analogy of Santa Claus without diabetes. To be fair, It was a lazy sunday aftternoon.McKibbin's Pickles! Do get them. Ummm, deep fried sourness! We also had a homemade irish stew. It had all the usual suspects; lots of potatoes, braised lambs and of course Guiness. The portion was large enough to feed 2 persons. So we skipped deserts. I will be back on St-Patrick's day for the rowdiness... I hope.
4	Decided to watch Price shut the Americans out in the Olympics with a friend. Service was great and efficient. I recommend the Prime Rib steam. It was very good. The taters and veggies also hit the spot. I like the mild wings as well as the potatoes.The cheesecake WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD. It was sooooo good.
4	This review is on McKibbin's at Pointe-Claire.Great place to drink, eat and chat with friends. Been there for lunch, great and efficient service. You will not run out of mayo nor ketchup, I got huge basket just for myself! WIFI available.
3	For some reason McKibbin's is one of the go-to's of my friends so I gave it a go about a year ago. I understood why very quickly! The atmosphere is nice, surprisingly not noisy even though the bar is big (probably due to the very good placements of heavy duty wooden walls that diminish the sound), good quality furniture and appropriate spacial management for seating, very welcoming bar and a friendly staff.The food is also decent. It's at McKibbin's where I fell in love with sweet potato fries! There is also a stage for the occasional bands. I've heard two play which were mediocre at best. Surprisingly a lot of security but I understood the need after I've seen a bad drunk threatening to get the Russian mafia to shoot the pub up after getting thrown out of a bar.I've never tried The Rim Reaper Challenge as I already passed 20 minutes under a sink with tears rolling down my cheeks after trying Cage Aux Sports' 9-1-1 hot wings and didn't wish to permanently damage my taste buds but it seems quite fun if you think you're up to it!+1 for deep fried pickles! (I liked them and I usually hate pickles 0.o!)The one thing that killed it for me is the price of the beer. 19.95$ FOR A PITCHER OF MOOSEHEAD?!? WHAT THE F****! McKibbin's has without a doubt the most expensive pitchers of piss-tier beer I've ever seen.
1	Very disappointed... Not very clean. I took the family there for my son's 18th birthday, they kicked us out because my daughter is 16. Do not take your family there!
