4	This is the 24 hour cafe in Arizona Charlie's Decatur.  They offer really good food specials for cheap (nightly special steak and eggs for $3.99 with your card) among others.  The food is pretty good for the price, and the restaurant has always been clean.  The service staff is friendly, attentive, and fast.  The restaurant itself has won the "Best of Vegas" award for their breakfasts the last few years running.  Definitely deserving of return visits!!!
4	Only 1 other review? This place is a locals late-night hotspot! Cheap specials and decent food.As noted always a Best of Vegas breakfast contender. Not really that good but consistent and CHEAP. $2.99 Pancakes & Eggs, $3.99 Steak & Eggs, $2.99 Strawberry Shortcakes!BEST spot to eat after drinking, YES! Fast,Cheap & Filling.I had the Chicken Fried Steak with scrambled eggs,hashbrowns and wheat toast.The wife had the NY steak and scrambled eggs with hashbrowns and a biscuit w/gravy(instead of toast)Mine was real iffy, too fried-gravy was too thick & lumpy, hasbrowns were good,eggs were a little runny, toast was soaked in butter.Steak is a little fatty-NOT real New York Strip steak, biscuit was tasty & flaky but again gravy was too thick.The service was a little slow only got 1 refill the entire time & it wasn't very busy at all at midnight.Overall it was $20 for 2 people and we left full. It was cheap,fast and OPEN!
3	This place has the best Steak breakfast for under 5 bucks in town workers are not always nice or on point but for the price you got to love it
4	Decent food cheap.  Love the 3.99 ham and eggs
4	Steak and eggs for 3.99. Chix wings were also flavorful! Our server was great too!
3	the only thing i actually liked from this place is the grilled tilapia that i ordered. everything else is OKAY. i ordered the all you can eat spaghetti because it looked yummy when you read it off the menu... they claim to have a "secret recipe" uhm... i think the secret is Prego straight from the bottle.
3	Good specials, okay food, service is questionable. Sometimes the cook cannot determine the degrees of doneness [well*done, over*hard...]
4	I love the sourdough cafe.  I'm not sayin its the best breakfast ever, but it is good and filling.  The specials are definitely worth getting the players card.  I love to get the burger special here.  That said the service can be slow at times.  Also FYI.  If you like scrambled eggs, be sure to tell them how you want them cooked.  My GF has failed to do so multiple times and every time they come "soft scrambled."
4	You can't go wrong with a $3.99 steak and eggs and the steak is NOT chewy! YUMMMY! It's a Saturday or Sunday tradition!
4	Great for steak and eggs at 3 am!!  Extremely cheap with a players card! One of my favorite late night spots. The lemons were cut prefect. But the chicken fingers were kinda gross.. but the lemons make this place a 4 star place
4	This place is open 24/7 and has hella cheap late night eats. I got steak and eggs and my boyfriend got a hamburger, fries, and mozzarella sticks. We both got drinks with our meals and we still spent less than $20 bucks w/ tip! Now THAT'S a deal. My steak was pretty chewy, but the portion was a lot bigger than a lot of other graveyard steak and egg specials I've had and at $3.99, how could I complain? The mozzarella sticks tasted just like Sonic's mozzarella sticks; nice and gooey on the inside and crisp on the outside, served with marinara sauce. My boyfriend's burger looked very fresh. The tomatoes, lettuce, and pickle just screamed, "Eat me I'm f*cking crispy!" and, of course, he devoured it all. *Tip-You get 10% off your entire bill with a players card!-They have daily specials for $9.49 that run from 11am-10pm:Mon - Beef Stroganoff on Egg NoodlesTues - Chicken Cordon Bleu.Wed - Roast Pork with Mashed PotatoesThurs - Corned beef and cabbage w/ potatoes and carrotsFri - Seafood platterSat - Yankee-Style Pot Roast with Mashed PotatoesSun - Roast Turkey Dinner
3	Yay and Nay.Pros:* If you are hungry and are low on funds, this is a good choice.* Peach Ice Tea... Oh yeah!* Alcohol available* Even cheaper if you sign up for the Rewards CardCons:*  Located inside AZ Charlies where the parking sucks*  Everyone walks out smelling like smoke*  Service here is bad bad bad!* I ordered the Banana Creme Pie to go because they took so long to return to the table.  When I got home, I realized I was duped and given a Key Lime Pie instead.  How do you mess that up ?  How'd it taste?  Not a clue... I'm not a fan of Key Lime and left it in the fridge for a curious soul to discover.Ordered: Rotisserie Chicken - A bit dry in the middle, but not too bad.Mashed Potatoes -  How do you mess this up.. you can't & they didn't.Green Beans -  Gotta have some veggies.  I wish I got broccoli though.Banana Creme Pie - MIAAll this for under $10.00 w/ the rewards card!Verdict:  Okay, I was close extremely close to giving this place a 2 stars because the service was extremely slow ( and that's an understatement), but I after much contemplation, this is a place where you go when you want cheap eats.  I really shouldn't have expected to be treated like a king at this joint, but seriously lady, please refill my tea!  I'm choking on my chicken!!  When it came to paying the bill... I could have walked out and ran to meadows mall and back and my server would never have even known.  I'm giving this place a 3 star for the deal and the overall quality of the food.Tips: *  sign up for the rewards card to really get the deal * DreadHeads wrap 'em up unless u want hair that smells like smoke. * ride your skateboard and you want have to F*ck with finding a parking
4	I say I've eaten here well over a dozen times, usually for breakfast or a late dinner.I have to say their breakfast specials are hard to beat for the price.  I've had every single one of them at least once.  I mean $2.99 for The Skillet Breakfast with two eggs, hash browns and choice of bacon or sausage and toast or biscuit and gravy.  Come on!  Of course, you have to order a drink which costs more than the breakfast, I think an orange juice cost me about $3.50, but it's still a great deal.  Steak and eggs is only $3.99.  Be sure to get your ACE Players card for free for 10% off.If you order the biscuits and gravy the biscuits are literally swimming in gravy.Service is generally fine.  Was served by a jolly waitress at the counter who really enjoyed her job and deserved to be cast in a network sit-com as a waitress for a 6 digit salary.  On the other hand, one time I worked a full day in Los Angeles, drove 6 hours to Vegas dead tired, and got treated like a moron by another waitress when I asked her to repeat the specials because I was so groggy.I had the chicken pot pie which was good, and the corn beef and cabbage which was really good, but served only on Thursdays.I've never left the Sourdough Cafe hungry, and I always felt I got my money's worth.  It ain't fancy, but if it were transported to a location near my home or work, I'd eat there.
3	Great place to go 24/7 if you don't wanna spend too much money especially if it's at 2 in the morning! The number one reason people probably go here is the 3.99 steak and eggs. Comes with hash browns and your choice of bread that they butter for you already! You need a player card which is free when you sign up for it. Without it it's only 50 cents more which is still not bad and who doesnt wanna save a litle coin especially if you end up going here a lot of times? My recent visit here I brought about 9 people with me and we all ordered steak and eggs! So for under 50 bucks paid for all 10 of us! Not bad!The 3 stars are mainly for their cheap specials. With that said, the negatives you gotta deal with are: You gotta walk through the smoke filled casino to get to the restaurant. Arizona Charlie's is one of the older casinos, which means the ventilation is not very good. So if you're hanging out there for a bit, you go home smelling like an ashtray. Service is decent in most cases but when you do get bad service, it's the whole shabang. Some of the servers that work there hate what they are doing and sadly it reflects how they treat you servicewise. Also sometimes you get a chef that don't know the difference between medium rare and well done. I would say about 75 percent of the time they get it right. The other 25 percent I don't dare complain cuz they might end up doing something else to my steak if you know what I mean. For 3.99 you can't really complain. So in conclusion, you pretty much get what you pay for. It's decent and every restaurant has some flaws you gotta deal with.
4	We started at the Boulder Highway Sourdough Cafe and when we changed sides of town, so did the most affordable breakfast.  We have been three times since we have moved.  I must say, out of the 3 times, twice we had to send our food back... BUT The issues were resolved quickly and with a smile.  Honestly, with the price ($2.99 for sausage, eggs, hashbrowns, and toast or $3.99 with ham) can we fairly complain the hashbrowns were not cooked perfectly the first time through?  The servers at this AZC's all are friendly, and the drink staff keeps your beverage full.   They have several dinner specials, too, but we have not tried them at this location yet.  We will continue to go there once to twice a week.  Can't beat the price, the taste, and the smiles!
5	I love this place. The staff is always friendly and the specials they have are awesome.If you sign up for a players card you get 10% off in every restaurant!They have live keno right outside this restaurant and boards in the cafe to watch your games which I like a lot.I am a sucker for the breakfast special and my man likes the pastrami. The chili tastes very good too but it isn't as hot as it describes on the menu.Yes, this is a older casino and looks a bit run down but hey sometimes those are the best!We like to come here every few weeks late at  night. Give it a try if you haven't you might just be surprised!
2	The $2.99 skillet breakfast is a greasy nightmare. The hash browns are a solid hunk of mushy, greasy watery potatoes, while bacon needs more oven time and my eggs came out undercooked. You need a player card and to purchase a beverage to get all-night heartburn. Meal was salvaged by last second add on of a short stack of pancakes. Two large cakes were quite good, although syrup packets are a bit outdated. Anything after 9pm and a weird assortment of characters are usually there. Don't make eye contact and you should survive the meal.
5	Had an hour + wait while getting new tires from Pep Boys (review to follow) Decided to hit up Sourdough Cafe @ Arizona Charlie's.....SERIOUSLY???? AMAZING! Tammy, our server, was on point and so friggin' sweet! I have yet to meet a waitress as good as her! And our busboy, Luis (Sorry, may have spelled it wrong), this guy was on the top of his game! We never lacked, nor had to ask for a thing! Food: I ordered the 6 oz prime rib, the thing was AT LEAST 10 oz! My sweetie ordered the 12 oz....HOLY WOW! The thing was so BIG, I was looking for the hoof! At $11.99 you get salad, rolls, potato of your choice, and fresh steamed veggies! SHEESH!!! Our 15 yr old daughter got the "Build your own Burger" (7.99) , yeah, 1/2 of it came home....All in all, GO HERE!!! Clean, friendly, and way FANTASTIC!!!! Way to go, Sourdough Cafe! We will be back!
5	Another 5 stars!!! Seriously, other restaurants need to send their staff here to take notes on the service here!!!! Our server, Chris (4;30am) was AMAZING!!!!! Friendly, professional, and very sweet! Kudos to you, my new friend, you kick ass in the service industry!!!! The food? My Lord! Sooooo tasty! The prime rib? The Chef knows what he's doing....PLUS, offering it 24/7 and having it cooked to perfection??? This guy is my new hero!! Please give this crew a RAISE, they deserve it! Yes, it may be a little way from the strip...but trust me, you will love it!!!! Happy New Year to the Staff at Sourdough Cafe!! (Only basing this on dinner, have yet to try their breakfast)
1	WOW! I USED TO THINK IT WAS OK COMING HERE.But after my last visit, I don't think I will be coming back. (deep breath). Ok. Soooo........I bring my party of 9 on a wednesday night at about 9:45. We wait a couple minutes for them to set up our table. We sit down and look at our menus for a couple minutes. About 10 minutes later, still no acknowledgement. So I get up and ask the hostess up front if anybody knows we are there. Finally somebody shows up asks us what we want to drink. We gave our drink orders and said we were ready to order. To my disgust, she was only the "drink" person. She says she will go get our drinks and that our server will be out soon. A couple minutes later we get our drinks. Still no server.15 minutes later still no server so at this point, we all decided to get up and leave. Its sad because I told a friend of mine that we were gonna be there with our party of 9 while he was getting his party of 10 together to show up later. After our experience, I texted him not to come any more because he would probably have to wait forever to get any kind of service.I don't know what happened to this place. Service used to be decent. Looks like it went to crap that night. I wonder if they made some cut backs because when we went that night, it wasnt that busy. Looks like im gonna have to take my friends and family elsewhere for decent food and service.
4	I don't think you can beat $3.99 steak and eggs unless you open a restaurant that serves $2.99 steak and eggs.  This cafe definitely draws in the locals since most waiters tend to know the customers by first name basis.  It's a bit of a trek from the strip so unless you rented a car, chances are you won't be in the area.  But if you do have a car, take a detour and come here for the deal.  Here's what it comes with:* Eggs - scrambled, over easy, sunnyside up, etc.  I prefer over easy.* Steak - Generous portion of steak.  Unsure what type of steak.  Maybe sirloin?  Medium-rare is my recommendation to you.* Toast - wheat, white, muffin, biscuit & gravy.  I suggest you ask the butter to be on the side since it would be drenched otherwise.Note that you need the rewards card so you and 3 other guests can have the meal at $3.99.  So if you have 5 people in your party, 2 of you need to get the rewards card.  It's free by the way.
3	I ate steak and eggs. $3.99Be sure to ask for butter on the side if you're careful about your heart.
3	I visited this location with my wife on 3/11/2013. I remember coming to this establishment as a child. I remember when coming here that the steak and eggs where 1.99. Well times have definitely changed the steak and eggs is now 3.99. It's still not a bad price. I ordered the steak and eggs and my wife ordered the chicken fried steak with 2 over hard eggs which also came with biscuits and gravy. The customer service was not great the lady checked on us a few times but never really went out of her way to ensure that we were having an overall good experience. My biggest issue was when I saw the bill we paid for a large OJ and the cup for the large OJ was extremely small I'd hate to see what the small OJ is like. It would probably be a small shot of OJ. I do plan on visiting this establishment again stictly because of the price.
3	This is the locals casino and it is always crammed with locals... and so are the food venues. Sourdough is a place where you can always eat good food at sweet deal prices. Great menu selections, specials for card members and quick seating at the counter. There are of course some trade-offs. 1. The staff do as best as they can. The place is always doing business and they don't staff enough people and they are too tired to "hustle" and get that food and drink out there. They are good people but they don't drive Mercedes home with a mountain of tips. If you want that speed and quality you can pay for it next door at Ron's. It's "Diner" service with a good step above Diner quality food. Give'm a rest because they deal with...2. Long term regular customers. Social Security could open a monthly check window at the Cashier here. You get people arguing how the breakfast went up to $3 as if they haven't paid for gas in 10 years. Many are cranky, know the workers and talk like they are co-workers. People come there to watch sports on the bigscreens, play keno at the table, take the FatFamily out or crash in between Bingo sessions.It's something to contend with, but if you like Strawberry Shortcake the size on an entree? You make do.
4	Came here for the steak and eggs!! It says 3.99, but it actually comes out to 4.49. But that's ok. The customer service is kinda bad, It seems they're always frustrated.  Anyways, the steak was full of nerves and fat but had good flavor. When they ask you if you want toast or biscuit in gravy, get the toast!! The biscuit in gravy is always cold and the gravy tastes like its out of a can. I suppose I would recommend this place, I get a lot of food for a little money, and that's good for a student on a budget!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants to eat out at only behind ihop and tgif the staff here is friendly the service is good the customer service is top notch and the food each time I come here keeps getting better and better. I just love this place and it has a relaxing atmosphere to it which is another reason for me to keep coming back I recommend this place to anyone who loves good service with a nice relaxing atmosphere and good food.
3	This hotel is inundated with smoke from old ladies on the slot machines. Other than that it is a great breakfast place. The steak and eggs w/ hashbrowns are only $3.99. The price is right. This is the cheapest steak you can get and the meal is cheaper than Denny's. Great value at an ok place. I go here with my friends at least a few times every time I am in Vegas with my friends.
4	Service is a little weak, but you can't beat steak and eggs for only $3.99! My husband and I come here a lot and leave happy for what we paid for.
3	I usually get steak n eggs at south point late at night but we decided to try this place since their steak n eggs special is all day. For $5 you get a steak, hash browns, eggs, and toast. The steak was really thin so you're bound to finish it pretty fast. Everything was worth the price paid for but it could be a little better!The service was pretty weird. I couldn't tell if  our server was being sarcastic or a total asshole.
4	Full menu all the time everything is 9.99 or under !!This is a true cafe had all the cafe classics and a full bakery. They make some amazing sweets and even have it to go! !  So your self a favor and check this place out! !!
5	I love this place... it's definitely for locals .. $4.49 steak & eggs is all I can say.. My husband and I come often especially when we are on a budget. Funny Story...On a Wednesday night we are sitting at our booth and my daughter (5yrs old at the time) looks around and says "Mommy is it Grandpa Day today?" Me: "Why?" Daughter: "Look at all the Grandpas, we should have brought our Grandpa" Lmao, I couldn't stop laughing!!
4	Awesome! I am a French dip lover. And I'm constantly wanting to try from every restauraunts. This by far is one of the best next to the one at the courtyard cafe at the orleans. Also the late night specials are awesome! Oh and the fried zucchini is great!
4	$5 steak and eggs 24/7? Hell yeah! I usually go to South Point for their steak and eggs special, but it is only after midnight and they recently changed it so that only those who are over 21 can get the special, which sucks! I came here with a group of 7, and they asked if anyone was over 21. We were confused since they did not have any signs or anything suggesting that anyone over 21 was needed. Luckily, we had two people over 21. She still asked for all of our IDs, which we thought was strange. She gave us a disapproving look and said that if we caused ANY trouble, she would call security and we would be kicked out. Umm....okay? Just because 5/7 of us were not 21 doesn't mean that we can't be well behaved. Whatever.We all ordered steak and eggs, and one banana cream pie. They give you an option of toast or biscuits and gravy, so naturally, I went with the biscuits and gravy. SO YUMMY. No regrets. The steak was mediocre. They ask how you want it cooked, but all of them were served basically well done. They also give you eggs and hash browns, and they were great. They refilled our waters often and the servers were friendly, so no complaints there! Seriously, for $5 steak and eggs, you can't really complain much about the food. Took off one star for the rude hostess, but other than that, I would definitely recommend this place for a cheap, late night meal! Or any other time of the day, really. Seriously. 24/7 $5 steak and eggs. Really can't beat that.
4	I visit Arizona Charles at least once a month for the $3.99 hamburger special.  I've had the breakfast deals here as well, again for the price I believe it's worth it.  The four star review is based on the quick friendly service and the 24/hr bargins.  In order to recieve the food deals, you need a players card.  Sign up its free. I like the sourdough cafe.  It's an old diner.  I would stick to breakfast, the hamburger and pastrami Sand which are all great deals. I suggest it as a go to spot if you want a quick, decent, cheap meal with friendly service. Also this last time I visited I was carded to get in, like others ive read happened to them before. I've been going to this cafe for 3 years now and have never been.id.  when I asked the manage at the front she was really rude about it.  Her response was "this is a casino!"? My response "Umm... ok?! .. " that did not explain why I was getting carded.  Even after asking the host why, it still made no sense. But whatever, I like the servers and the food. My tip goes to the servers not that manager. :-)
3	This place is located in a pretty low end locals casino but with that said it's a fun spot for a quick & hearty breakfast. It's also super cheap! They have a fully stocked bar so having some cocktails with your breakfast is always a good idea. The menu has a little bit of everything but I think the breakfast options are the tastiest. Service is always great as well!
5	Located in Arizona Charlie's Decatur, Ok some of the best deals in Las Vegas, 4.49 for steak and eggs with a biscuit the size of a hat box covered in gravy, 2.50 mango margaritas! plus a collection of graveyard specials that will have you doing a double take! If you find yourself on the west side stop in for great cheap food. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	I been going to this place for years, since I was a young child.  While the food specials such as the well priced steak and eggs remain relatively cheap and tasty, service has gone down hill. The last time my husband and I were there we has one of the rudest servers I had ever encountered. She had a nasty attitude and let it be known.  Although this encounter at A.C. turned us off it has not completely steered us away . This restraunt is still a gem.
