4	Fresh shrimp, crab legs to enjoy. Prime Ribs & Leg of lamb on carving table. Many different other dishes. A lot of desserts, including crepes made to order. Weekday price is more worth it.
5	Hella food there!! Cocktail shrimps are great!! Many different kind of food and desserts!! Only $24.95, great deal!!
5	Another culinary dream come true for the volume-oriented epicurean,  this buffet is awesome.  Live cooking stations representing the regional cuisines of five distinct provinces of France are on display. Be prepared for a lot of cream and butter-rich dishes and an overwhelming amount of baked goods, potatoes and other starches.  As usual, come just before the cusp between breakfast and lunch, or between lunch and dinner, to take advantage of two separate services and twice as many dishes.
5	yummy food
4	Very good buffet. Tied with Bellagio in my book for best on the strip. The food is very 'saucy' and that sauce tends to be very similar - it's still buffet food afterall. It's also kinda' cute with it's little village inside and their attempt to make regional foods under the region signs (ok, not authentic at all but still). I am tempted to give it just 3 stars for the horrible lines that normally await you there. Definitely try for an off time and a bit of luck...
5	Best breakfast on the Strip. Nothing else even comes close. I've never had dinner here but the breakfasts are amazing. Crepes,omelettes,smoked salmon,everything you can imagine. Quality is consistent and the French country atmosphere is very pleasant.Highly recommended!
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas so far.  Medium price for (I think) higher end food.  They have your standard crabs legs and prime rib...but also many tasty dishes...crepes, lamb, seafoods...  And the desserts...awesome!
4	Probably my favorite buffet in Vegas...they have the best (and largest) peeled shrimp cocktail, decent selection of meats/seafood/pasta, a yummy skewer station (go with the beef if you're a meat eater--kind of tastes like Korean BBQ), and fresh, made-to-order crepes.  They also have bananas foster...only wish they served it over real ice cream (and not the vanilla swirl out of the machine).  Incidentally, they also always have hot apple cider near the first hot foods station...kind of different, no?
4	My favorite buffet I visited this year.  This is the only place I know of which makes crepes to order.  I had the spiciest horse radish in my entire life here - so be careful before you spoon a bunch on your prime rib.  I didn't find the line too long, and the price was reasonable.
4	I am not into buffets but my boyfriend loved all things French and wanted to go.  I am glad I did.  The line to go in for an early dinner was long but we got in fairly shortly.  If you love home cooking then you would love this place, there are meats and fish with gravys and cream sauces on many things.  The price for lunch and dinner is $17-25.
5	Go here for breakfast.  You can still get many of the lunch/dinner entrees but to experience it all, get the breakfast.  Although I remember the crab legs weren't the best, the rest of the food is great.  The desserts are great too.
5	I have to say my friend brought me here a couple of years ago and was raving about the breakfast this place served.. Boy was he right,this place makes the best pancakes and some type of breakfast sausage that was wonderful.. They give you fresh coffee and fresh squeeze OJ which was awesome. You can sit either out or inside, i prefer the outside patio area.. The Ham and Bacon was very tasty!! Eggs were perfect!! I think this place is one of the top breakfast spots in vegas!
4	Mmmm-- bacon, cocktail shrimp, mini waffles, omelets made to order, smoked salmon, and bananas foster all in one place. Plus champagne. Your stomach will die of happiness here. Only downside is that on Saturdays you have to wait in a pretty long line if you come around prime brunch time (~after 11am), but while you wait you can always stare up at the "sky" ceiling and admire the fake French neighborhood around you.
2	ummm greasy food heavy cream makes for a not so fab body to lay out near the pool.  french food buffet style just isnt a good idea.  definitely not as good as the Bellagio buffet and variety and space is lacking as well.
4	Loose jeans with a hint of stretch - $10.00 (a steal, I know!)A flowy top that covers your stomach - $30.00Cab ride from the Monte Carlo - $7.00 (tip included)Dinner - $24.50Eating until you think you might actually die... priceless.This was the first time I had eaten at the Paris buffet for dinner and I was quite pleased. We went later in the evening (around 8ish). Being a lover of buffets, I usually go to the Bellagio for dinner. Or else I wanted to try the Wynn. But my friend convinced us by telling us that they have fondue (melted cheese, my favorite!). But when we got there.... no fondue. We asked the waitress and it seems that they stopped a while back. So for those of you expecting fondue, THEY HAVE STOPPED THE FLOWING OF THE CHEESE. But otherwise, it was a pretty good deal. It was cheaper than other buffets and luckily there was no line. One thing I enjoyed was the fact that they had dungeness crab as well as king crab. I enjoy dungeness so much more. The grilled vegetables section was GREAT. The asparagus was the size of a curling iron! They also had some great seafood. The sushi (apparently a French food) was mediocre. Also, they have all these small rooms to emulate the ambiance of a quaint French village. But I kept getting lost on my way back from the buffet! Be sure to leave a trail of crumbs when you get up to get food.
5	Fantastic buffet!!The prices were inexpensive compare to other buffet places here. I had a superb breakfast buffet here. The selection of breakfast was smaller than lunch and dinner for sure but you will have great bread + dessert and crape, great crape by the way. I was going to buy a crape in the shop 'til I saw they had crape in the buffet yup, so cool!!.The lunch and dinner buffet was great, so far the best for me. Steaks, BBQ, great bakery, sushi, seafood and crape!!I LOVE IT!!!
4	My favorite for Sunday brunch. Way too much food to eat everything, but I do my best! First time I was here, my sister paid. Her caveat was that I had to eat my share of food. I think we sat there for at least 2 hours and the whole time she kept telling me I had to get her moneys worth...
4	I think the buffet at Paris is just as good as the one at Bellagio, and it's cheaper too. Luckily I got to stay here a lot when I was in town on business, so invariably we ended up here. It's even better when it's on the company's dime.
5	I've been here once for dinner and a zillion times for breakfast.  The dinner wasn't worth the price.  But having said that, the food was still good.  Now, let's talk more about breakfast!  This is probably the best breakfast buffet to go to in Las Vegas!  Simply delicious.  They have  2 omelet stations to begin with, multiple types of sausages, various types of sweet breakfast items (including crepes) and my favorite of this place, about 4 different types of potatoes.  I'm a huge fan of potatoes with your breakfast.  They have hash browns, scalloped, fried, and something else, I forgot.  But, the last time I went, I did count 4.  As for the price, it's nothing like $30 or anything, but it wasn't cheap either.  But, let's face it, the day of the $5 Las Vegas Strip buffet are gone!
5	Yum.  Lots of varieties and not overpriced.  I love the interior/exterior lookalike.  Mmmmm BREAD PUDDING!!!Long lines... so try not to go when everyone else is going...
4	YAY Paris Buffet!!! This is the one thing I was so excited about when I agreed to go to Vegas with the family--breakfast at the Paris Buffet.  The price is very reasonable--$15.99.  And, once again, because of my parents and their rewards card, we didn't have to stand in an hour-long line...Now, I am a huge fan of the breakfast meats.  Any variety, and shape, and size.  Almost every station had at least one type of breakfast meat.  Better yet, one entire station was all breakfast meats.  I was overwhelmed!!  I took a huge breath, then made the smart choice to sample some foods before I committed and took a giant portion.  One of my faves was a beef and turkey sausage with sweet potato and maple syrup.  It's got it all in one casing!! So yummy.  I also greatly enjoyed the poached eggs Basquaise.  It was a poached egg with a really delicious, somewhat spicy tomato sauce.  My breakfast dessert was a crepe with Nutella and blueberries--YUMMO!!  And it's always nice when the coffee's good.  That way, when you bundle up to face the freezing cold of winter-time Vegas, you've got some good caffeine in your veins.  Cheers to the Paris Buffet!!
5	Amazing.  I'm not really a buffet person but for brunch I can't say no.   $25 for a huge buffet and all you can drink champagne...it doesn't get much better than that! Except..... when you have 4 people that were just drinking for about 12 hours straight you should bring them drinks asap. Just put out glasses of water on the table, I don't care. It seemed like we waited so long for the waitress to take our drink orders...it could have been 5 minutes or 45 minutes...I couldn't really tell at that point.  However, the food was good and bountiful.  The Eggs Benedict were amazing- definitely go there first! The cannolis were eh, and the French toast was dry. Everything else was fantastic
5	The line at thebreakfast buffet is definitely worth the 15 minutes. The cost is about $15 pp and well worth it. The assortment is unbelievable. Anything you want for breakfast is available to you. I started with bacon, over medium eggs, and a croissant. Then I tried the pancakes, fresh fruit, a blueberry muffin, and finished by splitting a fresh made apple raspberry crepe (you get to chose the ingredients) with my boyfriend.  The service was impeccable, every time I needed a refill I had it before my last sip. The only thing I didn't like was how full I felt when I left!
5	The buffet here is so good that my friends and I lamented not bringing a pack of cards so we could have gorged ourselves for 4 hours while entertaining ourselves in between plates to play cards. The idea was that if extended our stay long enough we could eat more. And that's the goal at a buffet right?The buffet here represents different regions of France (Lombardy, Provence, etc.) with their representative foods. Go for the nicely cooked prime rib and go often.This buffet is cheaper ($25 in 2003 at least) and better than the Bellagio's.
5	I probably gained 10 pounds here, and 7 of those were from the desserts.  Yum!  This was a great buffet.Breakfast is $13.95, Lunch $17.95 and Dinner $24.95.  It's worth every penny.
4	When you put French food and the word "Buffet" in the mix. It can be a little scarey. Mind you that this place is usually packing lines of people. But French food is serve le petit...and rich. so rich in butters, cream, cheeses. Whatever everything is probably high calorie and it's f*ckin good stuff. The fondue stations have rich garlic roasted cheese fondue with different stuff to dip with. You also have a carving station with hunks of freakin meat galore. There are also provincial stations for different regions of France. NO....ASIANS....NO ASIAN STATION - NO STEAMED RICE. That's ok though - the food overall is great. Just don't like standing in line....
4	I confess:  when in Vegas, I'm an absolute brunch buffet pig.  Well, OK, I really am a pig everyday, so there.As enterprising as every little piggie should be, I've made pretty good rounds around Vegas town for those hyped up "best of Las Vegas" buffets.  Rio, Mandalay, Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn ,Caesars.Whatever.  After a while, I've learned they're all pretty much the same thing with highly variable pricing standards.  Having said that, I think The Village in Paris LV wins hands down for balance in quality of food and value.  Not to mention pig-out factor.
5	Great price.. great food. love love loved the cheese bar for breakfast. Make sure you are in line at the right time though. IF you are in line and it turns into the Sunday champagne brunch the price goes up to twenty five smackaroos.
5	A delicious buffet for Sunday brunch. I've been here more than once, and have never been dissatisfied. Everything tasted so good! I can't wait to go back.
4	$25 a head for all you can eat goodness!?!  The Saturday champagne brunch here is unbelievable!  Be prepared to wait for awhile to get in, fortunately though, there's a bar nearby the waiting line that serves mean bloody mary's and screwdrivers to keep you occupied. Almost all the food is amazing, and since it IS a buffet, you probably shouldn't expect ALL the food to be perfect, but it was pretty F*ing close!  The service was great, our mimosas and champagne was never empty and our waitress was very friendly (she was probably drunk).Definitely a must in Vegas!
4	This was a great dining experience for a very reasonable price.  The grilled vegetables were done very well and were very tasty.  The best part of this buffet though by far is the dessert bar.  All you can eat Crepes and a great selection of other desserts such as perfectly made creme brulee, tiramisu, and an assortment of cakes.  The ambiance of the buffet worked very well with the theme of the hotel.  Though it was bright and sunny outside, the interior had the perfect mood lighting.  The service was great with at tentative waitresses.  All in all it was a great dining experience at a very reasonable price.
4	Le Village Buffet has a really cute set up/design like a little French town/village. There was a plethora of food, much more than the one at Bally's. Again, breakfast at $14.99 toward lunch means breakfast AND lunch. Of course they won't serve you the champagne but really.. I don't need it. Alaskan king crab.. yum. Great selection, great price, definitely recommend.
5	One of the best times to go is like at 10:30 a.m....  if you're lucky and have time to kill eating, you can get the breakfast buffet AND the lunch buffet!!!!!!!!  You may not be able to walk out of there but sure is a great value!  This buffet has EVERYTHING! and I mean everything!  I look forward to the day to go go back and gorge (once again!) on the brie.  Nothing like eating french bread and brie in the A.M....   ah Paireee...
5	The BEST buffet in town! Kinda feels like you're at Disneyland (but NOT!) because you're inside but the environment is outdoors. Think rich french village with tons of buffets and pasty deliciousness.We went to MANYYYY buffets (including Venetian, Rio Seafood, Mandalay, etc) and this is the best one for everything.Rio Seafood is good if you're into seafood (I ate 2 dozen oysters there...)
5	All the regional flavors of France set in ...well, France Vegas-style.  What a combo!  My mouth was watering at the door, wishing I could stomach as much as Kobayashi.  There wasn't more I could ask for.  Fresh seafood, slabs of meat (my hubby said it was good), veggies, apps, and the highlight....the dessert "cottage".   Eclaires (with real custard!), creme brulee, tartes, yum!!!  **mouth watering was I write this**Dinner was about $25 per person including non-alkie drinks.  This place fills up quick so get there early if you can.  Staff kept my eating area clean (a big plus).  By far, my favorite Vegas buffet, baby.
4	Yep, like everyone else is saying, it's really good. I have a video of my "appetizer" plate, which essentially means that I skipped all the heavy meats for my first round in preparation of the second and third plates, which I'll try to upload to YouTube. If you're really interested then just search for Le Village Buffet and it should come up (by the time you read this).Don't wait in line for the crab legs. Don't get the beef medallions. The seafood is highly mediocre, but the lamb is great. The grilled veggies are fantastic. Get some of of the carrots and cilantro. The brie is, well, brie-elicious. OH, and the sugar-free raspberry tarts are amazing too.Anyway, 5 stars for variety and value, 3 stars for quality (frankly some of the plates were just not warm enough and too much sauce, unlike good French food), 4 stars for service (we also had some problems getting our drinks).If you're looking for a buffet that's a cut above, DO NOT MISS THIS. The spread is mind bogglingly and stomach growlingly amazing.
4	Back in the day when Paris was Paris and not a part of a massive conglomerate, they had these gold keys that they gave to their high rollers, which gave them benefits like not standing in line for anything...and other things probably. I got my hands on one and never stood in line whenever I ate here, which was quite alright. I was the guy who walked past the 45 minute line to the little door they had on the side, flashed the card, and was like "what up." Then they said "Yes, sir!" and opened the doors to me and my party of ten. Ha. The food's good, and before the Wynn buffet, this would be the only one I'd ever eat at. I haven't been back in a while though, but I'm sure their quality is still magnifique.
5	muy delicioso y no quiero comer nada mas! i don't know why, but when i get really full, spanish becomes my first language (although i have no latin blood whatsoever, must be from a past life)! i've been to paris' buffet three times now, and this third time was THE BEST! i'll never forget the sugar-free raspberry chocolate mousse that forced me to ignore the pain and anguish but rather to keep going 'til the last forbidden bite...and then get up and grab another one. seven of us took our sweet time, made our br rounds, let loose a few buttons, smuggled a few chewy cookies, and even my friend "eskeleto" got up for 3-4 plates and was deeply pleased with the veal (i don't do veal, but to see her skinny famished ass enjoy it so much made me smile big). we definitely got our money's worth...$25 for a painfully never ending tummy pleasing feast. marathon diet starts NOW (okay, after the weekend, here we come mario's)!
4	The Paris lunch buffet is awesome and one of the best in Vegas.  If not for the Wynn, I would have named this buffet as the best in Vegas.  I love their set-up and how they cateorize each section by the different areas of France.  Being able to sit in a "village" setting under a faux blue sky was nice, but I think that they could have increased the lighting since it seemed a bit dark.  It was my first time there and I had some things not usually found at other casino buffets.  They had a really delicious roast duck with a sweet glaze...it was just the tiniest bit dry, but it was still good enough that I had two breast pieces and a leg.  I also liked their salmon in the creamy leek sauce.  The salmon skin was crisp on top and it was surprisingly tender in the center.  Unlike many other buffets, the salmon was not dry and over-cooked.  The best dish out of the entire buffet, though, was the mussels in saffron sauce, which was amazingly good.  Even with all the food I had just eaten, I had two full bowls of these mussels.  Dip the sauce with their fresh bread (yes, its the cardinal rule of buffets to not fill up on carbs, but the bread here, was fresh and delicious) and its out of this world.      I also liked their fresh crepe station, though I wished that they had savory as well as sweet fillings.  Strawberries and bananas were missing as filling options (though they did have blueberries and some really gross, gooey apple filling), though they were VERY generous with their nutella.  Having a nutella crepe with whipped cream and slivered almonds on top was the best way to end a meal here.I can't remember the dessert section too much, since my dessert consisted of the crepe.  I think I might have had some creme brulee there, but it wasn't anything that stood out in my mind.  Overall, an excellent buffet.  Service was good, though a little slow.  The line wasn't too long when we went and we were seated fairly quickly.  Le Village Buffet has a good selection of interesting foods and its definitely one of the buffets I'd return to!
2	I'm not a big buffet fan, but they're fun to try now and then.  From what I had read, the Paris Buffet took top honors for breakfast.  There was a 30 minute wait, but I didn't mind much as I had remembered to bring a book.  My overall impression of the buffet was that the selection was small to moderate, but the quality tended to be high - for a buffet.  My biggest criticism is that nothing I had was hot - only warm at best.  I had:*   Eggs Benedict.  Fair English muffin, good Canadian bacon; eggs properly cooked.*   Croissant.  Good for a buffet, but not nearly as good as at Bouchon.*   Lyonnaise potatoes.  Disappointing.  Bland; very little onion flavor.*   Country sausage.  In many ways, like the link sausage you can get at any pancake house - but done right.  Very good flavor and texture.*   Veal sausage and onions.  Smooth texture, mild flavor, executed nicely.*   Andouille grilled sausage.  Short, fat sausage in a chewy casing.  Strong grilled flavor, coarse, slightly sweet, slightly spicy.*   Smoked fish (unknown type): hard and chewy, with a strong, smoky flavor; not too salty.*   Pain au chocolat.  OK bun, but with very little chocolat.  Fair to good.*   Cinnamon bun.  Strong cinnamon flavor, not too sweet.*   Nondescript cookie.  Fair.*   Pastry.  A flat dense, cakey pastry with slivered almonds and white icing.  Inside, a layer of marzipan.My overall impression: not bad for a buffet, but not worth the money.
2	I was sorely disappointed with this buffet.  My girlfriend and I went between breakfast and lunch, so we could try a little of what each meal had to offer.  In short, the pancakes, french toast, and english muffins under the eggs benedict were stiff, even after I watched the chefs put out a new bin. The crepes were also a real disappointment.  They were moist and chewy, almost underdone.  The fruit topping was more like pie filling.For lunch, the lamb and prime rib were both below room temperature, though that happens at a lot of buffets since they skimp out by cutting the slices way thin.  Most of the other dishes were simply not worth remembering.  The one thing I did like about this place was that it was cheap, after getting a players club card and using the included coupon, it was 10 bucks per person.  But when the only saving grace to a place is the price, especially in a place like Vegas, it's a little more than disappointing.
4	Summer of 2002, after watching an episode of Season 1 American Idol, we got into my car and drove to Vegas.  This was about 11 at night.  My car got a flat tire outside of Baker.  We got to Vegas just in time for the Paris buffet to open.Despite that mess and how awful that last minute trip should have been, with little purpose save crazy college adventuresome spirit, all I can really remember is how great the breakfast buffet was.  Every trip since then, I've gone back to Paris for the breakfast buffet.  It's like coming to a little slice of home- I know where various of my favorite foods are (the pears in wine are great, and the crepes are obviously fabulous).  I love the kitschy-yet-nice decor too.  Up until this weekend, it was a solid 5 star review in my book.So then this weekend we go there.  And it just didn't live up to my memory.  It was pretty much the same- the decor, the selection, etc.  I think it was just a particularly busy day with some confusion as to whether a line was for an omelet or for just buffet-style scrambled eggs/bacon; maybe it was that we had to get there before 11 in order not to have to pay for the champagne brunch (at Bellagio we got to choose whether we wanted champagne or not); maybe it was that the selection of what you could have in your crepe was kind of lacking now that I've become rather obsessed with crepes; I'm not sure.  It was still great, and I'd still go back.  The price (around 15 for breakfast) is waaay better than the Bellagio, but I have to say, the Bellagio's food was superior on pretty much all counts (save them not having a crepe bar).  But still, many a good memory here and the food (and incredible selection) was way better than most breakfast buffets I've been to in my time.   Also, if you go on Sunday (maybe Saturday too), and get there before 11, you can pay the cheaper price and eat some of the nicer food they put out for the expensive champagne brunch.  Always a plus.
4	Not as much variaty as Bellagio or Wynns
4	Not really a buffet-kinda-girl, I highly recommend this one!!!!!!I had arrived in Las Vegas to meet a bunch of family.  We all stayed at the Monte Carlo but quickly figured out that the food there SUCKED!!!  A cousin suggested the breakfast buffet at the Paris Hotel.Hesitant but hungry, I went.I was pleased.Your usual eggs, sausages, bacon, toast..but add crepes, a large fruit section...A CHEESE SECTION (they had me there), oatmeal, cream of wheat.....and the pastry section was divine.  Bite size croissants, danishes, cookies, creme brulees, muffins.  Adorable.  Don't forget the popular omelet bar and the usual waffle/pancake section.I really liked this hotel and this buffet.  Thumbs up if you choose to go this route!!!
4	Hands down the best buffet in Vegas!  And yes, I've tried the Wynn's buffet, too.  Everything had flavor, and there were a lot of different food items that you don't always see at a buffet.  My one recommendation is to go early, because if you're like me and you go at around 12:30 pm, expect an hour wait.  Still, even our 2 kids (aged 10 and 15) thought that the buffet was worth the wait, and that's saying something coming from impatient kids.
5	The only line that was worth the wait...in my entire life!!!I HATE LINES!  We went on Sunday at noon, I don't know what we were thinking....of course there'd be a line...it was around the fake cobblestoned "block."  I made the executive decision to wait, I mean...what else did we have to do except gamble?  So, we waited in line for one and a half hours...we were famished...and once we finally were taken to our table and we glimpsed the luscious smorgasborg....our eyes nearly popped out of our heads.  WOW!!!  We stuffed ourselves so fast and so silly....we had to take breaks to get a breath in...between my boyfriend and I...we had 14 desserts.  Yes, I SAID FOURTEEN!!!!  Oh, the creme brulee....oh oh oh.  And the champagne wasn't too bad...I mixed mine with OJ.  This buffet was well worth the $25 and the long line.  Can't wait to go back!
4	I came here for lunch, and for $20 it was well worth it. They had a pretty good selection of food, and everything I had was great. Near the back, you will drool as you watch the cooks grill tasty meats. There was also the standard king crab legs and shrimp, even for lunch. A few things that stood out for me were the pot pies and the custom-made crepes. I think I'll have to come back here during dinner for round 2.
4	I judge Las Vegas buffets by one thing: do they serve prime rib, shrimp and crab?  If so, the buffet is in the higher echelon.And yes, the Paris buffet serves all of this and more.  It's a lavish display.The service (drinks, napkins, clearing away plates) is a little slow.  The price is a little on the high side, but well worth it.
4	Unfortunately I wasn't too hungry when I went. I also didn't think that they had tooooo much of a selection. For those reasons I was happy at the price ($25 for dinner - it's good enough). Having said that, I was still awed by the amount of food and the quality of the fresh seafood. I'm not much of a sweets person but I was also impressed by the numerous choices of desserts. I loved the decor though - quite authentic feel of Paris.
5	This is our favorite Vegas buffet for the price.  We went around 11am and got to have some of the breakfast items as well as lunch.  I liked the eggs benedict and the crepe station.  They have a huge selection, you won't be disappointed!
5	3 - number of weekends in a row i escaped LA to Vegas.and in that 3 weekends....5 - number of nights i went clubbing120 - number of dollars i lost in gambling during the 3 weekends1 - number of girls i got a phone number from (yea yea i know what you're gonna say but this is my personal best... lol )2 - number of times i ate at Le Village Buffet.5 - number of pounds i gained as a result...!!well.., from the stats listed above, it clearly shows i have the love for Le Village Buffet.  i mean, why else would i go Vegas 3 weekends in a row?  (ahem aside from pool, girls, booze, girls, food, girls...) and actually ate here twice in 3 weeks?  well first of all, their price isn't bad at all (like $10 cheaper than Bellagio).  second, they have good food; crab legs and shrimp cocktail to die for, and dessert selections that will forever be an uphill battle for undisciplined eaters like me.  but hey, you only live once.  twice in three weeks isn't that bad, is it?  damn the guilty conscience.here is a tip, come hungry, but during like 2-3pm time frame.  because shortly after they will start bringing out dinner selections.  also, they have champagne brunch saturdays and sundays until 3 or 330pm.CHOMP AWAY SINFULLY, Yelpers and more...!
5	Can't leave Vegas without my Sunday Brunch hangover fixer. (unlimited Mimosa)
4	My favorite Vegas buffet so far.  Succulent prime rib.  Made-to-order fruit crepes.  Don't forget the Gnutella!  The creme brulee was a nice touch.  While Le Village Buffet doesn't offer as large of a selection as the Rio, the food here tastes and looks better.  Come here if you appreciate quality over quantity.Then again, that kinda defeats the purpose of the buffet but $25 is still an awesome deal for good eats.
1	I came here a couple years ago and it was phenomenal. I was so pleased with everything I ate and the selection was amazing.I recently came back during a trip for business and was looking forward to returning. Boy was I disappointed.Either my tastes changed or the buffet changed. I was not happy with anything they offered. Eggs were soggy. Bacon was pure fat. Sausages were dripping with oil and flavourless. Other items of beef and chicken and whatnot were entirely unpleasant and I couldn't believe that this was the same buffet that I enjoyed years ago.I sat and sipped my coffee since the juice they served were either too sweet or just plain gross and at room temperature. Lunch rotation came and I stuck around.The desserts were fun. I'm glad they came out. Those sort of helped to ease my disappointment. The food however wasn't much better. Sure a few items that came out were tasty as compared to breakfast, but still not worth the stomach ache.I'm sorry, Le Village, but I will not be returning to your lovely buffet again. Your presentation is wonderful, but the price is not worth the coffee and dessert alone.Adieu.
5	Our first "attack" straight off the airplane was a trip to Le Village Buffet as recommended by Christine T.  We arrived in Vegas close to 9AM.  We dropped off our bags at Ballys and proceeded to Paris.  Line was short since it was around 10 when we got there.   I LOVE breakfast, it is my favorite meal of the day!!!For some reason, these chefs knew exactly what my favorites are, as if they were cooking for me!!!  LOL! Bacon - nice and crispy, exactly the way I like em, hashbrowns and red potatoes with herbs and stuff - I just have to get them both.  Eggs, scrambled all fluffy!  I could list more, but EVERYTHING was delicious. I mean EVERYTHING, even the COFFEE was brewed perfect! Not too strong or too weak (for me, sometimes the coffee can make or break the breakfast place).. What put me over the top was the made to order crepes!  I ordered a crepe with banana and nutella with drizzled with chocolate syrup. Thinking about it makes me salivate. ha haI love the decor of the little town!  I think it is so cute!! Our waitress was very attentive. She knew exactly when to check up on us.I know there are TONS of buffets in Vegas, but I will have to come back to this one.p.s. dont forget to try the bread and brie (I heard it's the BEST) but I forgot at the time (so I'm writing this now so I won't forget next time).  :)
5	Probably the best buffet I've ever been to - all for only $25.All you can eat shrimp, crab, scallops, steak, chicken, salad, a huge assortment of breads and cheese (very a la the Paris theme), even escar go (if that's your thing...me...not so much) and finally crepes (which are made to order with fresh fruit and nutella). Follow this up with an entire center island dedicated just to dessert. It's a definite not-to-be-missed buffet.On a side note - do all the HOT men stay at this hotel in Vegas? Honestly! Wow! Eating divine food and staring at divinely delicious men is definitely the icing on top.
3	This place got good reviews so again we were expecting good breakfast.  We got there about 10:20am and we waited in line for about 25minutes to get in.  The food was ok.  Maybe because we were so tired, we couldn't eat all that much.  I don't really remember any of their food standing out. Their atmosphere was good, and service was pretty good as well.  They didn't charge anything extra for our 3 year old, which was a plus.  How good was the buffet?  We thought the buffet at Planet Hollywood next door was actually better (surprisingly).  If you think Le Village Buffet was the best, you haven't tried Wynn's The Buffet..
5	Love, love, love this buffet. Breakfast is by far my favorite meal of the day, and this buffet has an excellent selection.Everything was great, but the ham and cheese croissants were to die for and the chocolate chip cookies are awesome (ok, not really a breakfast food, but who can't eat a cookie anytime!).This is the only Vegas buffet I've been to, but I've stopped looking - I need no other.
4	Relatively speaking, Le Village Buffet is a great deal for $25.  I recently went there for the dinner buffet and happily waddled my way out after about two hours.For the non-meat eaters, the veggie options are really good.  You might not get your 25 dollars worth on veggies, but the grilled veggies, mushrooms, cheeses, and cooked carrots are delicious.  Le Village Buffet also has a crepe station where a very nice man makes you your very own sweet or savory crepe to order.  There is also a wide variety of dessert items and the mini creme brules are a must have.  Go ahead... have five!The meat items are o.k. and the seafood is what you would expect to get in the desert... a little too fishy for me.The staff was very friendly and helpful too!
4	First off, I have to confess. "I do not really like buffets!"I have now cleared the air. We were recently on a large family outing in Vegas. We did the Bellagio and the Le Village Buffets. Hands down the winner is Le Village, because the service is better, the wait is shorter, the price is lower, the dining area is bigger so you do not sit in the lap of the couple at the next table, and finally the food is as good or even better. You can call me a romantic or something, but I like there is a consistent theme in the buffet. Mission accomplished.
3	It's buffet, so I can't really give it anymore than 4 stars.  And, there is one reason I gave it 3.  More on that later.We went to the buffet for lunch and it included a pretty good selection of items from grilled vegetables to fresh crepes to some other French-like items that I did not eat (because I was only eating vegetarian and seafood items at the time).And, that's where things went wrong:  the seafood.  While things like the seafood stew were excellent, the mussels in garlic were extremely briny and tough.  Half of the time, I was tasting sand rather than mussel.Other than that, I'd say the buffet is definitely worth it, especially since lunchtime is such a great deal (at least compared to the other pricier buffets).I'd go here again although I'd like to try some of the others before going back.
4	so the night before we had a big ole party and i got pretty trashed. woke up with the worst hangover ever i think, probably had slight alcohol poisoning. but everyone wanted a nice fancy brunch. so we go to Paris buffet. while standing in line i had to run to the cafe across the way a few times to puke in their bathroom. but when we get in I'm in a hell like heaven. everything was so good! and believe me, i tried EVERYTHING. and between bits of everything, i would have to dash to the bathroom and throw up. but it was worth it, the food was sooooo good. i literally had a little bit of everything. sadly, I've yet to make it back while healthy. too many other Vegas buffets to try to start repeating. but one day, it will be mine.
5	Just went to the Village Buffet last weekend and still #1 in my List :-) Their cocktail shrimps and crab legs are the best in Vegas!!! Love their food!!! Previous Review (11/30/2007):Remember how we always get confused about which buffet we should go to while in Vegas so that we don't regret about missing out the best food during our short stay ???Well, let me try to make it a bit easier for you all... The Best Buffet in Las Vegas is in Paris - Le Village Buffet. I agree that if you are craving for steak or Chinese, definitely this is not the location. However, if you are just craving for delicious good quality food... this is the place!!!    If I don't go to this one, I go to the Rio Buffet for a change sometimes. But Paris is always my 1st preference!!!
4	There's always a scuffle amongst the strip hotels as to who _really_ has the best buffet in town.Given that the family is a big fan of lunch buffets, and that we've tried practically every buffet on the strip, here's the lowdown - the top three are (in no particular order) Paris, Aladdin, and Bellagio.On this last trip though, Paris was edging on the other two.  All three have lots of quality food.  But Paris' was just slightly better.  And, of course, vive le crepe!!
5	Tops when it comes to buffeting in Las Vegas. I love all your Frenchie affair with your mussels, slices of tender meaty goodness, wide assortment of cheeses, and bread options. I wanted to steal your cream, sun-dried tomatoes pasta recipe. Alas, I learned if you love something, one must let it go. I am still counting the days until we shall meet again. Plus, I want to muzzle my hubby because all he talks about now is your strawberry shortcake. Actually, that's all I need to get in the mood.
5	We went here for breakfast and were pleasantly surprised at what this buffet had to offer.  We had passed by it numerous times before trying it and there was always a line and a wait, but for this breakfast, a Monday morning, the wait was only about 10 minutes.I totally liked the atmosphere, it felt like you were actually in Paris and the food was very, very good.  Plenty of items to choose from and the cook-to-order omelet was outstanding.  I would recommend this breakfast buffet to anyone.
3	Meh I went with high expectations since virtually everyone that has been to Vegas had raved about this particular buffet (apparently, buffets are "the thing to do" in Vegas) and assured me that I'd have heck of a time indulging in gastronomical glee.  I had been starving all day and, therefore, had good prospects of visiting it for dinner.WELL.... For $25 for dinner, sure - it wasn't a bad deal.  But the food variety/quality weren't exactly up to par.  Perhaps I had too high of expectations.  But I really wasn't WOW'd.  Perhaps I'm just in a reallly negative mood (after having written a one-star review of Delta airlines) and such negativity is spilling onto this review.  Nonetheless, I certainly wasn't wow'd by Le Village buffet.  In addition to the disappointing food, our serving lady kept forgetting to get us our beverages and utensils.  But she sure did come by enough times to ask, "You OK??"  Kinda strange.  Kinda.Fresh crepes:  Sure, they're fresh all right.  But since when are crepes as thick and puffy as hamburger buns??  The texture was off as well.  The only thing I liked about their crepes was the unlimited availability of fresh blueberries.  Oh yeah, how could I forget -- no chocolate ingredients at a creperie??  Now THAT's outrageous!What I did like was the availability of fresh king crabs and mussels.  Also enjoyable was the decor (but no music??!?!??). Meh.
4	mmm.....crab....quality/freshness???? so so... dipping it in lemon/pepper/salt makes it easy to eat a bunch. what was good? hmm....my top faves:sweet glazed duckleek mashersbacon bit mashers (mix these up with the leek ones)shrimp cocktailcrab crab crabflancreme bruleereally don't bother with anything else....they are tricky; they make the mashers so delicious, you cannot deny another helping and another and another....this is a quick filler upper so be careful. ha ha ha....maximize that thirty bucks! don't lose your scrills to potatoes.bon apetit!
4	Most expensive buffet in vegas! The quality of food is definitely better then The Grand World buffet in the Rio though...I loved all the deserts and tons of crab. Not to mention they have chamapnge....loved it.Its not worth it to wait in line for an hour or more for this place though.There are plenty of tasty stuff across the way.
4	I've eaten here a long long time ago but from what I can remember, the food here is superb. All the delicacies of French and American cuisine at your fingertips and the best part of course: ALL YOU CAN EAT! I think I had 4-5 plates back then. Only real downside here is the line at the front entrance. If you're starving, you might not make it to the front.
4	=============================a "what?! I didn't post this yet?" review=============================Ah, mon amis, Le Village?  C'est tres magnifique... !Even if you don't speak French (I haven't retained a lick of 3 years of H.S. French aside from "do you speak English?" and "would you go to bed with me?"), I'm sure you're fluent enough in "foodie" to understand... Located in the opulent Paris Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip, Le Village is my favorite buffet amongst the "big" hotels, rivaled closely by the monstrosity of a buffet over at Bellagio (of course, I am just another wh0rish tourist, so what do I know... Hi, Vegas Yelpers!!) and a Vegas junket just isn't complete until we've brunch'd here.Just steps away from the cobblestone path, under a painted sky, you'll find a low-lit French village facade representing a general culinary summation of five French provinces.  It's a kitschy-cute setting, cottages crafted and modeled with a little cartoon-iness which is either endearing (a la Disney's "It's A Small World") or will make you kvetch (also a la Disney's "It's A Small World")...Because of the French theme and focus to regional namesakes, the offerings at Le Village are prepared with a modicum of practice and expertise, achieving, I assume, a notable reflection and taste of common French dishes (though, not being astute to the nuances of French cuisine, I could be blissfully ignorantly wrong!).  Creme sauces, wine reductions, puffed pastries, and savory dishes aplenty!  For lighter/smaller appetites, there is a [regrettably unremarkable] salad bar, chilled seafood bar, a selection of cheeses, and a pastry bar, though these seem a bit like an afterthought in comparison to the entree areas.  Peach (apricot?) Duck.  Lamb Cheek Stew.  Scallops.  Etcetera etcetera!!So, if you're going to have single all-day-sustaining, pre-drunken state, $20-some-odd-number, "let's buffet because we're in Vegas" meal... I'd consider Le Village...Allez !  Allez !  Ce'tait genial!
4	So for breakfast I give this place 4 stars: why? Because its the best meal of the day!!- yummy pancakes- a crepe chef making your choice of crepes- an omelette man making anything you desire- and bread, fruit, cheese, cookies, waffles...etcSoo much to eat for breakfast and the best part is that it is all fresh!!!Lunch:3 stars:- good mash potatoes with garlic and onions-chicken breast seasoned to perfection- rice was not good at all, way too much salt.- yummy garlic rolls- nasty shrimp, did not taste fresh- Huge dessert table, chocolate cake, cookies, flan, cheesecake, ice cream,brownies, macaroons, more cakes.The cookies were pretty good, soft inside and crunchy on the outside.Overall rating: 3.5
3	Although I am not a big fan of buffets, Le Village Buffet had in the past was always pretty good.  Unfortunately, this time around it was mediocre, just another Vegas buffet.  One of the things I like in a buffet is the seafood bar.  Unfortunately, the selection this time around was limited and the Alaskan crab just didn't seem that fresh or tasty.  Moreover, the carving station was not all that great, the prime rib was average.Upside, big desert bar and plenty of selections.
4	We arrived at the end of lunch, so we paid the lunch price of $20 for a very yummy dinner selection.  The vegetables were all very good, and of course, who can forget about snow crab legs and shrimp???I'm not a very big buffet person, but I will say that I was very impressed with all of the dishes.  Even the meat at the carving station was tender.  Dessert selection is very large, though I'd stay away from the cheese blintz.  It definitely does not taste like you'd expect it to.
3	I usually gorge myself on food at buffets and let my inner fatty to come out.I was looking forward to this buffet, however, selection is limited compared to other buffets I've been to in Vegas.The food itself was pretty tasty, very French based. Not sure how much seafood fits into French cuisine, but I was sad to see their seafood section was limited.Definitely not my favorite buffet in Vegas (That would go to the international buffet at Rio), but for $24.99, I was filled up by some better than average buffet food and content with my time there. Content, but not ecstatic.  Probably won't come back to this buffet since theres still so many other buffets I need to try!
5	It's a few days until my first wedding anniversary, so I thought the the most fitting place to take the prestigious spot of my 50th Review would be the place where we held our wedding dinner reception almost one year ago - Le Village Buffet in the Paris Hotel. Ohhhh yeah. Mmmhhmmm. That's right, we did this buffet style!!! Best believe.  I'm pretty sure my husband was relieved to see that I did not morph into Bridezilla during the months leading up to our wedding day.  Truth be known, I'm pretty easy to please.  I didn't need the eleborate bells and whistles on my wedding day.  I wanted it to be fun, unpretentious and memorable. Plain and simple.  So what better way to please the 90 nearest and dearest friends and family members that made it out to Vegas than to treat them to a meal buffet-style after the ceremony in the Paris Hotel chapel.  It was only $25 a head and there were LOADS and LOADS of food options to choose from.  Forget about the glitz and glamour of a 3 course meal.  No worries on having to add Meat, Fish or Chicken check boxes on our RSVP cards.  I wanted my guests to feel like they could grub on their own terms.  And believe me - the hubby and I both come from families that take food SERIOUSLY.  Our families love food.  So the option of people heading for seconds (and thirds, fourths...) was a plus.  Being that it was the Paris hotel, the menu echoed of French dishes. The food was amazingly delicious for a buffet!   They were even able to provide us with a private section of the restaurant just for our party.  The decor was breathtaking - the ceilings were painted to look like a bright blue sky with puffs of white clouds.  The floors mimicked cobblestone sidewalks and the buffet stations were made to look like old French houses.   Each "Station" showcased food from the 6 different regions of France.They were also able to provide our awesome 3 tier wedding cake (vanilla cake with fresh berries) and champagne for the toast.    We received nothing but praises from our guests on how outstanding the food was.  I had to go to Vegas for business during the summer of '07 and I took my husband with me.  Where did we stop for our first meal? Uh huh, Le Village Buffet.  We heard so much about the awesome Breakfast/Brunch buffet that they had, we had to give it a go.  And it was sooooo worth it.  In fact, I'll be heading back to Vegas on business again in a couple of weeks, and the Le Village Buffet will definitely be on my itinerary.
4	Surprisingly delicious and great customer service.  They don't have a lot of fresh seafood like in other buffet - but that's not their focus and strong area.  Le Village buffet's strength is in delivering delicious, HIGH QUALITY and authentic French cuisine, and letting you try a little bit of food from each of the major regions of France.  It's a very interesting setup and the service is very good.  The waiters constantly refills my orange juice and bring us what we need.  They're very friendly and casual - and handled the check-in line very efficiently.
4	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas. It's not that expensive ($15 for breakfast, $20 for lunch, $25 for dinner and champagne brunch on the weekends.) It's your standard buffet with some unique offerings (pate). Their service is consistent - they take away your plates promptly and your glass is never empty. (For breakfast, they leave you a carafe of coffee.)But the best part about this buffet is the made to order crepes. They have some fruit at the station (usually blueberries, apples and peaches), but they'll make them with other stuff too. The well kept secret is that they'll make you a nutella crepe. Oh hells ya. Grab some strawberries or bananas from the fruit section first and then go over there and ask them to make your crepe with your fresh fruit. You can garnish with the whipped cream and slivered almonds or to be completely indulgent, they have a caramel sauce. My sweet tooth thanks this buffet for another great place to be indulged.
3	This buffet was alright for me. However, for others, it was worth it to stay for lunch after we came for breakfast! (Ghetto, huh? =P) They had crepes, eggs, sausages, eggs benedict, waffles, pancakes....very satisfying for those breakfast lovers. I have to admit it is decent for breakfast. The best thing they had there was the Nutella & Banana crepes (you have to special order it from the chef). You have to eat that! Breakfast lines can be viciously long! Be sure to come early or you may have to wait about an hour to eat!Do not eat their lunch if you don't have to. There are better buffets like Planet Hollywood's. Dinner was not that great either! I had the pleasure of eating here one time a few years ago! If anything, breakfast is the best bet!
1	Last time I went to Le Village Buffet there was a dog wandering around. Not a seeing-eye dog, just some medium-sized mutt with no collar, sniffing around the table of the party he was with. At least I assume it was the party he came in with. I asked an employee what was going on & they told me it was Tori Spelling's dog. Like that explained everything. I don't care if it was Queen Elizabeth, her dog shouldn't have been allowed in. Period.That visit probably would've been my last visit to the Paris anyway. The food was flavorless except for the fruit tart I had for dessert. I did end up having two of those, they were excellent. But the rest of the meal wasn't worth the price paid or the time spent waiting to get in. There was one line to pay and then there was another line for seating. Staff who say "bonjour" and "merci" don't make up for much. Yuck!
4	Okay, I haven't been here for dinner or lunch, but a Sunday brunch at Paris? Can't go wrong! Anything you could possibly want for breakfast, it's there: mini waffles, pancakes, bacon, eggs, fresh fried potatoes, sausage, croissants...they even had cold crab legs and shrimp (they're not huge or particularly bulging with meat, but they're edible)...plus, when I went, this one lady was handing out scoops of fresh berries to go on your pastries or pancakes...plump, juicy raspberries, strawberries and blueberries...oh man it was SO GOOD. I never ate so much at brunch before...we left full and happy. Too bad we had to wait over an hour, and then we had to wait half an hour for our beverages...there goes 1 star!
3	I'm not a huge fan of buffets, mostly because I can't eat my money's worth but I was pretty impressed by the variety at Le Village. We were staying at Paris so we headed here for our last meal before hitting the road home.  The line was SUPER long but it went fast and we got a table within 30 min despite the lady at the front saying that it was going to be at least an hour.  Food is divided up based on their relative provinces in France, cute! Some stuff was delicious, some stuff was eh, some I took a bite and that was it...  The crepes sucked though, wtf? We saw a fatty ass line for the fresh crepes and we thought, "THOSE MUST BE GOOD!" Took a bite and it was blech, one of the worst crepes I've had.  Come on, this is a French joint, you're supposed to own at the French food. Crepes are to the French like burritos are to the Mexicans. dammit. The crepe itself was kind of dry and the filling was just fruit - no mascarpone, no whipped cream, just some canned fruit. I was sad.However, there were tons of seafood options and the prime rib wasn't bad either. Desserts were awesome! Their fruit tarts were delicious and their macaroons were some of the best I've had.  Overall, pretty cute, but I really can't handle buffets.  I liked this one more than the Bellagio buffet and the Rio primarily because of the variety and the assortment of dishes you don't typically find at buffets.  However, it is French food so it is ridiculously heavy.  I wanted to cry for the hour after because I was so stuffed.  Also had to unbutton my pants which was SUPER awk since I got in a car afterward with my boyfriend's guy friends. w00t.
5	I don't normally give 5's because there's so much room for improvement and comparatively, I feel that I could have been greater satisfied. However this buffet was freaking ridiculous. Compared to other buffets, this is one of the best I've been to.Lunch buffet for 17.99. Waited 30 mins even though they quoted an hour. Definitely worth it. There was a plethora of different foods available. As the taxi driver said... my eyes were full before my stomach was. haha. Seriously it had so much... carvers had decent prime rib. lots of seafood -- clams and mussels. Tooo much to list... Got too stuffed, but that's just my fault for wanted to eat everything haha. Time to go work out now. Go here for a party in your mouth, but it may give you an unwelcomed party in the pants, and not the good kinda party.
4	I came here for lunch ($18).  Since it was a weekday there was no line to wait in and I immediately began stuffing my face.I was impressed with the vegetables!  They were fresh and tasty, not like your typical overcooked, limp cafeteria food.  For some reason I thought they would have more variety, but what they had satisfied me.  I loved the creme brulee!  I kind of just tried a little of everything, and it was all pretty good from the fish to the chicken to the meat. The only downside was that crab legs are only served for dinner, but for $18 I couldn't complain!  The inside reminded me of the village from Beauty and the Beast.  It's pretty cute in there.I would definately recommend others to go there!
3	For breakfast...it was okay! My classmates and i came here for breakfast originally but ended up stayin for their lunch portion as well! Ooops...darn those tourists! (Are we though if we live in henderson?!) Anyway...the crepes were good but I just felt so ripped off because the selection for breakfast wasn't as vast as we expected! Which is the reason why we decided to stay for lunch!  Lunch gave us a bit more of a selection...but would i come back?? I dunno...i think it'd be safer to just get the crepe from across the way and eat it outside!
5	we had to wait for about 30-45 minutes. but it was worth the wait, seriously.we came in just between breakfast and lunch. (around 9:50 am or so). so we were able to enjoy a bunch of stuff!the crepes are deeelish...so was the roast chicken during lunch. service was very good too. they topped off our drinks as needed. wish i could go there again!
4	I'm not a buffet person, especially waiting over half an hour for one, but this was OK.  We went on a Sunday, and it cost us $14.99.  Since we were bordering on breakfast/champagne brunch, we got the best of both worlds, with breakfast and brunch fare, which ranged from prime rib, seafood, and all the good stuff for the cheap price.  People who came after 11am had to pay the more expensive price for the brunch.
5	This is the only buffet in Vegas that I will give 5 stars to. Come here for a weekend brunch - that's my favorite. They have a huge selection to choose from ranging from seafood to pastries. I love their warm baked bread-pudding type dish. They also have fresh fruits to choose from and not just the cheap honeydew and oranges crap - they have the mixed berry medley with the blueberries and blackberries. You could be waiting for a very long time if you come at peak brunch times.
4	I think this is one of the better buffet spots in Las Vegas.  There's some room for improvement but a couple things that they are standouts is that they cost a little less than Bellagio and Wynn and for those that love desserts, this place seems to have the most variety and they are all pretty damn good....
4	Went to the buffet for Breakfast on a Friday morning. The line was super long but the wait wasn't that long. About 20 minutes. The ambiance was incredible. Like you were eating in an outdoor cafe in Paris. The food, amazing. I had a made-to-order omelette and it was excellent and the chef was a doll. Reasonably priced. Definitely going back the next time I am out in Vegas for sure.
2	Disclaimer: I'm not being fair as I have zero tolerance for food prepared for 200 people sitting in the chafing dish for hours slowly getting burnt on the bottom and cold on the top.  It is ironic to have to wait for 45 minutes to be seated (and be $24.95 + tax poorer), considering that I managed to get into The Bank the night before with no wait (and not have to be out of pocket).  In any case, the food never fails to disappoint.  I once watched a feature on TV (PS: the only thing that I watch is Food Network and Travel... and occassional bit of American Idol) on how they source the ingredients for buffet food.  While it was not able to gross me out and put me off buffet forever, it's enough to get me into thinking that the prime rib that they had served in Le Village Buffet is the one that is near or past the expiry date @ Les Artistes.  I could not help but be slightly perturbed.
4	This was the first stop on our buffet tour of Vegas and it was a good choice.  I felt like I was sitting at the eating area in Disneyland (this is actually going to be a compliment so keep reading) that sits between Fantasyland and Big Thunder Mountain.  The faux-outdoor-feeling-under-the-blue-concrete-sky was accentuated by the  little buildings set up around the main "outdoor" dining area which gave it the Disneyland feel but my friends and I were seated under a tree which added to the ambiance.  Our server was fast, funny, and had a big smile for us each time she came by.  I think her name was Ivanka but I'm not sure.  Anyway, she was great.  The food is supposed to be from different parts of France but regardless, I only saw proteins, vegetables, and desserts and I partook equally.  Walked out of there pretty stuffed.
3	Note to self. Hungry tourists (no matter what country they are from) that are about to have an all-you-can-eat meal are rude, mean and selfish fat pigs. Now on to the review.For 14.95, you get a great selection at this Vegas breakfast buffet.Crepes, omelettes, carving station, every kind of breakfast meat you could ever want, even pate! Hot cereals, cold cereals, pastries, pancakes, french toast, coffee, OJ. And probably a ton of other things I am forgetting to mention.Better than Denny's? Maybe, worth the extra money? For the selection... yeah probably.
2	Bleah.  I don't like buffets, and this one didn't do anything to change that opinion.People, it's only a buffet!!!  And you're paying $25!!!!  It doesn't take a math nerd to figure out that it's not worth it!!!!  For half that price you can get a good meal without feeling the need to stuff yourself like Kobayashi in order to feel like you got your money's worth.  But what am I saying, that is so un-American... skip a buffet, and the terrorists win, I guess.The line to get in was intolerable.  Our group relegated itself to playing word association games in order to keep ourselves from going crazy from the 1 hr wait.  (Side note: if it were up to me I would have left after seeing the line, but others in the party wanted to go, so I relented.  Believe me, I will hold it over their head like the sword of Damocles, oh, don't you worry.)The scrambled eggs, sausage, and bacon were dismal.  They had a crepe station that seemed okay, but remember, you're paying $25! Imagine how many individual crepes you can get at this price!!They had prime rib which was about a 5.75/10, and the rest was completely forgettable.  I guess the Coke they served was okay, it was about a 7/10.  The desserts were acceptable, they had small interpretations of what was supposed to be creme brulee which didn't disgust me.As expected, within an hour, I felt queasy.  You win, gastro-terrorists... you win.
5	i lost four pounds this past month, w/c i partly attribute to my Lenten fasting (multiple Fridays of being meat-deprived really). but, having been tres anorexic-looking all my life, i get angry at myself when my weight starts to dip below 110 (esp that 120 is my ideal weight for my 5'3" height).  I then vowed to pig out right after Lent. and what better place to pig out, i thought, than the buffet places in Vegas. so, right after last Sunday morning's Easter mass, we hit the road for Vegas, with one thing on my mind - TO PIG OUT (specifically at Paris' Le Village Buffet and at Bellagio's The Buffet)!!   =)I love love looooove this buffet.  In my opinion, this is THE buffet of all buffets, THE feast of all feasts.  Unlike Bellagio buffet, every dish here (as in EVERY dish), i tasted was flavorful (its sirloin the most uberdelish and noteworthy). Unlike Bellagio, dishes here were bathed in lush sauces.  Unlike Bellagio, we got sated here not  from the immense selection or quantity, but from the QUALITY of its dishes.  i must have gained at least a pound here.  Merci beaucoup, Le Village Buffet!  =)
4	favorite buffet in Vegas.
5	Le Village Buffet = The king of all buffets.I came here twice within 4 days. For a Vegas buffet, I'd say the price was rather fair. You can pig out on the most delicious French foods that you can't find at home (or at least I can't). The decor is exceptional - with the fake buildings and bright blue sky above you, you feel like you're outdoors in the streets of Paris. They also have a huge variety of desserts. We tried every one of them.
5	This buffet comes in a very close second to the Bellagio buffet on my list of all time favorite buffets(It's a pretty short list). I love the cheese selection and the fresh crepes.
4	Perhaps my fav buffet so far, b/c most of the food tasted pretty good during lunchtime ($18) in which they have the carving station, crepes station, assortments of desserts, pastas. It's a buffet, so I don't expect all the food to be great, but most of it was good quality. Service was great & punctual at clearing our dishes & filling our drinks. We ended up sitting "inside" which felt like you're in someone's cute, cozy country home with less people noise going around.The ambiance is great since it doesn't feel like you're at a buffet, the outside area feels a s if you're in a European village even though technically it's still indoors.
5	This is one of my all time favorite buffets in all of Las Vegas. I have been to some of the other buffets in Vegas such as Aladdin, Bally's, Circus Circus, Excalibur, The Rio, Stratosphere. But nothing is like the Le Village Buffet of Paris Las Vegas!!!
4	I love this buffet! How could you not?? They have a crepe station!! Their desserts are awesome and the hot food is pretty good. I try to come here every time I go to Vegas. The lines are long so try to come early or really late.
3	While the variety was impressive, the wait and the actual food were not.  Nothing was bad, but to me nothing was that great either.  The service was great though.  Maybe I am just not a buffet person.
5	This is still the place for Sunday Brunch in Vegas!!!  We come here at least once or twice each trip to Vegas!  It was always a toss up on which was best between this one, Rio or Aladdin.  I actually liked Aladdin's brunch but they have since closed.Anyways, back to Le Village's crepes!  Yum, they are worth mentioning again and again!!!  The shrimp, crabs, the clam chowder, the pastries, the mashed potatoes, all are sinlicious!!!!  Yes, the line is long to get in - but it is worth it....it is a great place to people watch as others walk by or at the others in line.  The service has always been good to us! Another plus is that the bartender makes the best pina coladas!
4	Solid buffet. One of my favorites next to the one at Bellagio (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-buffet-at-bellagio-las-vegas).They have all of your standard buffet foods which would cost a lot if ordered individually at a fancy restaurant - prime rib, seafood, etc. and they have a lot of French pastries and desserts. I get full just looking at all the food I collect on my plate.I'm always comfortable when I come to this buffet. I've been here a bunch of times on different occasions with family members and friends.
4	This buffet is excellent - not just as a buffet, but because of the quality of the food.The food is organized by regions of France and the presentation is excellent. The atmosphere is very friendly and it isn't cramped or hard to move about the food lines. The service staff is also very friendly and very prompt.The food itself is excellent. It is some of the best food I had in Vegas and I much preferred it to the "gourmet" buffet at Bellagio - especially at the price.The desserts are not to be missed and neither is the authentic crepe station.
3	Second time around, and it's still pretty good. It's not "OMG amazing!!", nor is it "Ew, wtf $25!?!?". I think by the time you've been seated, an hour has passed from waiting in line and you're so ravenous at that point that everything is just THAT much more appealing. Pretty fresh, and the service is decent. If you hate touristy people and small children then don't come here...or to Vegas for that matter. More like 3.5 stars.
2	Really long line for dinner around 7pm.  My favorite part was the dessert bar.  Other than that the other food was ok.  As for breakfast, the selection was disappointing especially in the dessert bar.  Overall, not memorable.  Go to Bellagio's buffet, it's much better.
5	Wow. It's fantastic food. Try all their meats.
2	I went here with my family and friends after graduation on sunday night. It was great that when we arrived there was no line. THe food was okay. For dinner and $25 there could have been more selection and the food could have been better. The only thing I really liked was the grilled lamb, but the other meat seemed dry, such as the prime rib and the leg of lamb. Also, they have a crepe section, but don't be fooled. They have only a few things you can put on. That day they only had chocolate, blueberry, pear and pickled cherries. They didn't even have bananas or anything like that. Their fruit selection could have been better by a lot, as they only really offered melon. The crab legs were only okay, but not great.I have to say though that the deserts was good, except, i had really wished there was something better than soft serve as a cold dessert. For the price, there could have been more selection and better food. For that price or cheaper, i would try RIO carnival or Red Rock. If you are willing to pay more, go to Wynn, their crepe section is by far better, and offer lobster and crab.
4	When your in Vegas the only way you get your moneys worth is going to a BUFFET.What else can i say about this place. Cost me 25 bucks to get in I love the desert selection not many places has tiramisu so i was grubbing on that till the cows came home. King crab is always a plus If you get king crab at Red Lobster its very expensive. A lot of meat, i wish i could have stayed there longer but the champagne messed me up so we went back to the hotel and slept it off.
4	How many crepes you wanna eat, one or ten?  I went to this buffet for breakfast and by far its one of best buffets in Vegas along with Rio and Bellagios.  They offer your usual stuff for breakfast but the ones that stuck out the most were the French toast and the crepes.  For the crepes, you have to wait in line since the chef makes the crepes in front of you so they can be nice and fresh when you eat.  And since this a buffet, you can go back there as many as you can.  Unfortunately, my stomach could not bear a fourth crepe.If Le Village is great for breakfast, I wonder how it is for brunch?  Based on the reviews here, I need another trip to Vegas to here for brunch
5	I waited 30mins. to be seated for dinner and boy was it worth the wait.  The food was delicious and soooo many choices!!  The best part was the crepe station and the desserts.  The waiters were very attentive andthe price for the buffet was reasonable.
5	A plethora of French delights...and sushi?I usually skip bread at ANY buffet in order to maximize my stomach-intake-to-dollar-spent ratio, but the rolls here are nothing short of ethereal.Made-to-order crepes...yummy!The quiche is outstanding, as it should be.Also, look for the chocolate mousse in chocolate shells.  Amazing.  Save room for two.  Or seven!
4	SOOOOOOOO YUMMY. but omg, my stomach grew at least 3 inches after eating here.This buffet is kind of expensive. BUT the trick is to go right before the dinner buffet starts. The buffet doesn't close between the dinner and lunch buffet, so you can pay lunch prices and get both the food of the dinner buffet and the lunch buffet :) I believe the dinner buffet starts at 3:30pm.... so it's good to get there around 2:45 (because the line is pretty long and takes at least 20 minutes).ANYWAY, about the FOOD. They have A LOT of food. They have the typical stuff, pasta, meat... haha. But the food is incredibly tasty. Prime rib, ham, ravioli, pasta, soup. They have the french stuff as well (of course), ratatouille, crepes (with lots of diff fillings and toppings). At dinner, they have UNLIMITED crab legs. and drawn butter. They even have sushi!They have a lot of food, but I was very very very impressed with their dessert section, hehe. UNLIMITED creme brulee. OMFG, my FAVORITE dessert EVER. They have tarts and chocolate mousse, and cakes, and lots and lots of random, YUMMY things.I've been here twice, and the service is iffy. The first time I went, the waiter was nice and helpful. The next time I went, the waitress was kind of mean and not as helpful.Another important thing to note is the bathroom situation. Yes, there is a bathroom in the buffet, but there's only one stall in female bathroom. I think there's one stall in the men's too, because the last time I went, my friend had to go pee, but some guy kept taking long, repeated number 2's and stinking up the bathroom. hehe. so go to the bathroom before you come in.So, to end this review, be prepared to eat a lot. You won't want to stop because the food is pretty yummy, plus you want to get your money's worth. Be prepared to have the largest food coma ever. Come at the lunch/dinner boundary to get your money's worth. I'd come here again :) But I want to check out some of the other buffets in las vegas :)
5	This is my favorite buffet in las vegas!  The desert bar is awesome, you have got to try the flan!  There are several stations which serve different types of food from around the world (chinese, mexican, american, italian, etc.)  I always enjoy the prime rib, crab legs and shrimp.  The price is reasonable and the food is superb!
3	Been here a couple times years ago and i thought it was great, just ate here this past weekend and i was so dissapointed and vowed to never come back here. What kind of buffet has shrimp you have to peel yourself, too much work. However the waitress was super nice. I think the bellagio, wynn and mirage are the better buffets.
5	I do not think I have ever spent so much time at a buffet than I did at this place.  Let's just say I even had time to go to the restroom, take a dump and refuel myself with some more food afterwards.There is a LOT of variety in this buffet.  The main reason why I like this place SO much is that its different.  Whenever you go to a buffet, its the same usual stuff.  But not at Le Village Buffet.  They offer a different style of food with the authentic "Paris" feel that the hotel provides.  It should be place to eat at if you want to get away from your normal buffets.
5	my favorite vegas buffet of all time. i have t come here almost every trip to vegas because its reasonably priced and the food is always fantastic. they have the perfect variety for me and i love paris. even if its too long a wait, there are plenty of really good cafes within a short walking distance. but bring a jacket... it gets cod in here. oh, one area for improvement: the dessert selection would d well for itself to stock a moist chocolate cake.
5	There are way too many good buffets in the world and the top 50 are probably in Las Vegas. But this one in Paris Las Vegas is one of the absolute best.Lot of choices here Asian, South of the Border, Italian and of course French. Here are the items I love to fill my plate:-Crab Legs, so many of them-Crepe: yes, there's a crepe chef on duty.-Quiche or whatever that pastry thing is with the soup in it.-Prime Rib: got to have a carvery in the buffet.and-Cheescake: always good.The prices are usually moderate here, not overly cheap and not overly expensive. I'd estimate they're from $20-$35. Is that right? Good stuff, great stuff...I eat here before watching Mamma Mia at Mandalay.
3	Okay I have to admit that I am spoiled by the buffet at Bellagio as I hold that as my standard bearer for all-you-can-eat joints. I can't say this was my most enjoyable experience given I did go on a major holiday and got taken by paying $27.99/person for lunch. Trying to get the amount I paid off my mind, I hit up the seafood for the crab claws and shrimp cocktail. Ever since I became addicted to Deadliest Catch, I opted not to eat the crab legs because the meat was puny compared to the claws. Could not pass up the prime rib they cut to order along with a made-to-order omelet. I did stuff myself with the desserts -- namely creme brulee and a nutella with banana crepe (made-to-order). Noticed they didn't replace any of the food while I was there. At least the authentic French items which were barely touched.To touch upon my rock star weekend, got to use the VIP entrance as my friend was a Platinum Member. Apparently it saved us a two hour wait to eat.
4	Yummy yummy breakfast. This was probably the best meal that we had on our trip to Vegas last year. So many choices and they were all good. I'm not usually impressed with buffets because quite often they are mass produced food of poor quality. I was upset though at the fact that they started putting lunch out before their time for breakfast was supposed to end - isn't Vegas all about staying up late and sleeping in?? I want my breakfast until 11am damn it!
5	My favorite champagne brunch buffet on the Las Vegas Strip.  For $25, you get a French themed brunch options with plenty of other goodies.  I was rockin' the mimosas all throughout my meal with some amazing service.  My favorite items were (in no particular order):1) handmade crepes with blueberries and cherries2) pork sirloin rhubarb chutney with an apple glaze sauce (I had to go back for a lot more)3) great variety of desserts from fruit tarts to creme brulee to flan to fancy cakesBe aware that we did wait a good 45 minutes on a Sunday morning starting at 10:30AM so if you want less of a wait, it might be wise to get there a bit earlier.  Some people say the snow crab legs are so good and what not, but for the brunch time meal, I'd say they are less than desirable and there are many better options of things to eat.
3	We came here on a Sunday evening for dinner. Nothing special to report.  It's basically your typical buffet fare with a French flare.  We came, ate, got full, and left.  $25 per person for dinner.
5	I'm a huge fan of buffets. PERIOD. When i go to vegas, i don't go to gamble much.. i go for the buffets!!!!!!! Paris buffet is probably my 3rd avorite buffet to go to after bellagio (first) and planet hollywood (2nd). 25.99 for dinner on a friday night. long wait. but it was all worth it. We got seated and waited forever to get someone to take our drink order. My boyfriend was excited that the drink was included. So he ordered a water, iced tea and a sprite. For some reason, the server gave us attitude, "3 drinks for one guy?". Dude Lady, we paid for drink included and we're getting our freakin moneys worth! I'm all about customer service, but she was just rude and dissrespectful. My favorite items are OF course:Shrimp Cocktail CRAB LEGS! with lots of clarified butter!!!!!!!Bouillabaise (seafood soup. i love the potato balls!) Cheeses!!!! Creme BruleeStraight up, delcious buffet. Good Eats for a good price. Awesome array of desserts but not as good as bellagio's or spice market. A MUST!!!!!!!
3	I'm just not a buffet kind of girl.  I mean, all of that food is nice, but I'll take quality over quantity any day.  The quality is good, but not great.  If you are a volume eater, this would be the place to go.I met my uncle here for Sunday brunch.  I lost count of the number of plates of food that he ate, but he definitely got his $25 worth!  I think that I was able to make it worth my while in mimosas.  Oh, and the chocolate mousse was de-lish.  But I may have well just rubbed it on my thighs, because I know it made a bee-line for that area.
3	This buffet was just OK. Nothing special. The food was sorta run of the mill. The only different thing I tried which was really good was the grilled vegetables, like tomato and eggplant, and the crepe station. The real star of the show here is the desserts. I just don't have much of a sweet tooth, so I didn't actually try out any of them. But luckily the two girls I was with got a collection of some and not only were they pretty, but they looked so good, that it almost convinced me to go up there and get some myself. Trust me, that takes alot! The biggest drawback really was the line. We got there on a Sunday at 12 and we waited for almost 45 min to get in the place. Thats ridiculous for a buffet, but I guess thats what you get for having such good desserts.
4	I adore buffet because I am a fat ass and variety wins for me at least once in awhile.  Especially in Las Vegas.  The line I saw was ususally really long but on the Sunday afternoon we came it was only about 15 minutes.  The decor was adorable and didn't look like a trashy buffet place at all, in fact it looked like a little parisian village!  The fruits, vegetables, cheeses, and seafood was surpsingly fresh and plentiful.  There were a lot of pastas and heavy things that I wasn't that into but still delicious.  Best part was the desserts of course, since it is France!  Try the pot de creme, the creme brulee, and the cannolis.  Although it was a good buffet, it probably wasn't worth the 800 I lost before! Most expensive meal of my life!
3	Well, maybe I get spoiled eating at all these great restaurants in SF but I also know that it is a buffet on the Vegas strip and not a wildly expensive one so I would have to say that it's a good deal for Vegas, but it won't blow your mind.  I guess you gotta drop the coin to get the big wow factor, but it's not bad either.Solid in a good way, so if you don't want to overspend, but want something decent for price this is probably a good option.
5	The Paris buffet is a must for breakfast/brunch on my trips to Vegas.  You need to get there before 11AM when they switch over to the lunch menu which is also decent.  But to me, nothing beats a good breakfast and the breakfast menu is what I crave.With excellent mini croissants, made to order crepes and omelettes, smoked salmon, a variety of sausages, bacon, french toast, variety of cheeses, etc, the Paris buffet offers a wide variety of delicious choices for breakfast at a reasonable $14.So shake off your late-night hangovers and drag your tired ass out to this wonderful breakfast buffet.(Can't speak for the lunch or dinner as that's not what I come here for)
4	Blueberry crepes, Banana/Chocolate/Nutella crepes, Creme Brulee, Tiramisu, Bread Pudding, Cannoli, Eclaire all in one meal?  Add Baklava and Buttercake and you'd have had my 8 favorite desserts in a single sitting.  Hello gluttony!!  I felt like a total pig after this meal.....and I didn't give a damn.  Good Croissants, made to order crepes, solid seafood, and a pricetag lower than Wynn or Bellagio.  Avoid the Asian food (what was I thinking.....its a FRENCH buffet in a FRENCH casino) and expect amazing things from a buffet......not what you'd normally get, for sure.
5	This place is freakin AWESOME! Seriously folks, pay the $25 bucks per person, stay an hour... or 2... Eat slow, and get your money's worth. Every time I am in Vegas, I'm sure to stop by the Paris buffet. It's my all time fav. buffet because the food is pur LUX. You feel like your body is getting fed. This food isn't this processed crap we eat all day. I love the variety; the atmosphere; the service, and the FOOD! I totally recommend the duck l'orange. It's my fav. item on the menu. The wait is long... 15 - 35 minutes. But this buffet is SOOOOO worth it. It's been ages since I've been to Vegas... hmmm, maybe I should take my boyfriend for a weekend trip - - just so I can eat here! A++
4	When i went to Vegas we visited a couple of buffets; and this was one buffet spot that i remembered.   Since we went pre- New Year's, there was an expected wait for our afternoon buffet.   Before coming to Vegas I've never waited for Buffet before, it's like waiting for a roller coaster ride. There were plenty of seating and lots of dining choices available; the one area i remembered the most was the Dessert area . .  do save room for it.This was toward the middle of our trip because I remembered our buffet cost was going higher and higher.
4	3 1/2 stars.  I've been to Le Village Buffet twice, and I was pretty satisfied both times.  I would also prefer to eat here over the Bellagio buffet.I'm not a total fan of buffets, but I do enjoy trying a little of everything.  I give Le Village a thumbs up for their:-seafood: crab legs, mussels, shrimp, crawfish-desserts: creme brulee, chocolate tarts, cheesecake, mango mousse cake, cooked-to-order crepes (better quality/more variety than Bellagio)-reasonable prices-cute atmosphere
1	Whoever runs this place should be fired!  I was in town to play a Video Poker Tournament at Bally's.  I was up playing poker until 6:00am and was up around 10:00am so I was pretty tired and too lazy to walk/drive anywhere to eat.  I always see a long line whenever I walk by the buffet.  I just thought the food must be OK.  Boy was I wrong!!!  We didn't have to wait at all since we were able to go through Diamond entrance.  The cashier and host were very nice, so no complains here.    Long long time ago when Paris first opened, we did dine here once.  I could not recall my experience but I am sure it wasn't bad enough for me to remember it.  The host led us to our table and took our drink orders.  She said to go ahead to the buffet and our server would get our drinks.  Well, when we returned to our table after getting our food, the drinks were not there.  When the waitress finally showed up, she had to ask what we wanted to drink again!  After she got our drinks, we hardly saw her again.  She was more interested in cleaning up tables than serving tables.  Maybe she should have taken a job as a bus girl instead of a server.  I had to flag her down a couple of times to get crab cracker (not sure if this is what it is called) and wet towelette.  She never came by to check if we needed refill or anything.  And the food was the worst buffet I have ever seen.  The selections were very minimal.  The only thing good was the omelet from the omelet station, but who can mess up on omelet!  The crab legs were OK.  The crepe was bleh.  I also got a thin cut of what I thought was roast beef, but I am pretty sure I got lamb.  I don't eat lamb and I know the smell of lamb.  I couldn't tell until I sat down on the table and smelled the 'funny smell'.  I couldn't even take a bite.  I am really upset the lady mistaken the lamb for beef!  I walked around trying to find something else to eat but nothing really looked appetizing.  I settled for a small bowl of salad.  I figured I could just get some dessert to make me happy.  When I walk around the dessert 'house', the place looked deserted!  There was nobody attending the dessert house!  There was no cookies, no cakes, just a few pieces of pies, and a soft-serve station.  I was a few fruit tarts inside but I couldn't get to them!  What the hell happened?  This is Paris!!!!  It's supposed to have good pastries, right?  Both my fiance and I left in great disappointment.  And I am really upset I wasted $50 from my comp credit for this sh!%ty buffet!  My fiance filled out the survey card, but I am sure it'd just be thrown to the trash can.  On my way out, I really wanted to tell all the people that were still waiting in line to 'run'.  There are plenty of other places to eat buffet.  Don't be lazy like me, because you'd pay for it like me and hate yourself afterwards!
2	Im giving the buffet a generous 2 star rating. I found it to be overpriced and under stocked. We went there for the dinner buffet and it was a disaster. Too pricey, and too long a wait for such crappy food. There was not a decent variety of food choices. The crab legs were old and there were only 20 or so out and they were not being replenished by the staff. By far the worst buffet in Vegas. Save yourself some time and go to the Creperie across the hall from the buffet. For $8.99 you  have a delicious huge crepe that will fill you better  than the buffet ever could. I would not return to Paris on my next trip to Vegas. I wasnt too impressed. It is no Venetian. I recommend the buffet at Mandalay Bay as it was the most impressive with the best choices, and the Wynn Buffet as a close second. And do not forget Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay.
1	One of the worst buffets in Vegas.  Way overpriced too.  The crab legs were overcooked and rubbery.  Not a lot of good choices there to pick from.  Save yourself the trouble and hit up the Wynn or Mandalay Bay buffets instead.  Both of those totally destroy this crappy buffet at Paris.
3	The line was really long for early dinner at 6:30pm. After around 30 mins or so we finally got seated. The food was ok. Lots of pastas...they had sushi but u hardly see the fish hehe. The desserts is awesome tho...there was a lot of choices to choose from but i was so full that i hardly had room for desserts :( we ended up wasting a lot of food but i guess walking everyday and night up and down the strip paid off for it.
4	Vegas buffets will always be controversial.  For the price and what they offer, it's one of the best on the strip.  Crab legs, crepes, stews, you name it.  Beats out most of the others on that half of the strip.  It's no Bellagio in scope of choice but it's varied enough. Get there early or arrive later in the evening or better yet, get Diamond status! The lines can be frustrating.
4	I've only dined here for the champagne brunch but it is definitely worth a return every time I'm in Vegas for either work or play. The buffet has a huge variety and is satisfying to all palettes that may be in your party. It's a bit pricey but if you're in Vegas you should have known you were going to come out of pocket for just about anything there is to do here. The restaurant is designed in a very "beauty and the beast this provincial town" way with an occasional Parisian singing troupe performing on the cobble stone streets in front of the restaurant yet very lovely and charming for the nearby ching ching environment. Don't miss this brunch!
4	Vegas Edition!$25 for DinnerPros:Variety of foodMeat Carving Station - Awesome Prime RibDelicious CrepesCons:The wait was almost 2 hours on Saturday night :(I was surprised at the lack of FRUIT!  There was only one small bowl of Cantaloupe and Melons 3 1/2 stars
3	A lot of people rave on about this buffet, however I think most people love this place only for the french style dessert crepes that they serve. I had high expectations about this from all the reviews. However I have to say that I was disappointed with their range of food.In my opinion, they have strange food and when I walked around to fill up my first plate of food; I struggled to find anything that caught my eye. I guess the type of food that they offer is very french/European and not very mainstream. Also the King Crab legs here are very tinsy winsy compared to some of the more popular places in Vegas. When I spotted another table with larger crab legs that I managed to obtain, I asked my waiter. He replied that they have some kind of high rollers card, and it turns out that Paris only serve larger Crab legs to people who gamble a lot. Go figure!.. I wouldn't dine here again, unless I got the discount coupon that they give when you sign up to be a member of the Casino =)
2	Go only if you're staying at The Paris.  Do not make this a destination buffet.  Both breakfast and dinner are adequate at best.  No better and a lot worse than any other hotel buffet.  Don't believe the hype that this is French food--it's not!
5	I was blown away! We got strawberries dipped at our table for us, crab when we asked, and the food was amazing! I loved how they broke it down by regions of France!
3	This buffet must have passed its prime as the food certainly did not live up to my memory.  The prime rib was probably the best thing I tried, nice and tender, but the thin slice I got didn't accentuate the cut of meat. The snow crab and shrimp (small) cocktail I usually splurge on weren't the best. Crab claws seemed over steamed as they were stuck in their shells. They do have all the typical French fare like sole (overcooked), mussels (ok), duck (good), roasted chicken (better). Crawfish was rather fishy and didn't taste too fresh.The selection of fruit was limited to cantaloupes, melon, and pineapple.But where this place shines must be the pastries, which I'm not too big on so I can't comment on that. Come for dessert I guess.
3	Pour diner (for dinner):I dunno, the wait wasn't long and the food was abundant and mostly good.The French onion soup was my biggest disappointment. Luke warm, underseasoned, and no juicy croutons or bubbling cheese.Bread was of negligible quality too. Surprisingly.Pork chops with the rhubarb chutney were my favorite! So tender and savory sweet. The proteins here are generally pretty decent.Glass of $9 red added a nice punch. Especially with the olives and cheeses they had.I was examining the crab legs when a guy nearby started asking the lady behind the counter about the availability of clams. He had a French accent. A lady joined him at his side and partook in the conversation about the clams ("klehms").So, apparently French fellows eat here. There is surely no higher seal of approval (??). Mixed feelings.The buffet interior/"architecture" is absolutely adorable.
3	The food at this buffet was average but the service was good.  I liked the fact that they have fresh crepes but the seafood was mediocre and all of the types of bread available that day were old and chewy.  I thought the price for the buffet was cheap so you pretty much get what you pay for.
4	My wife and I decided to give this place a visit about 2 years ago...during the new year.Chilled champagne was being served, the buffet was 3 stars out of a possible 5. The service was 5 stars hands down. The prime rib and the pork chops were so tender....they made up for any other deficiencies in the buffet...The champagne glasses were re-filled before we knew it!The wait was about 30 min....but worth it.I have eaten much better quality food....but the whole experience made this a 4 stars over all.Things may have changed since we went...but we were happy campers!
4	I went here for the Sunday Brunch and really enjoyed it.  I absolutely love how it's themed after a charming little Paris village.  Chilled champagne served the entire time we were at the buffet......the servers never let my flute go empty.The food was decent but I've been to better buffets.  I do like how when you wake up and enter the casino floor, you can smell all of the wonderful breakfast goodness escaping the buffet.  I would come to this again, but I think only for the champagne brunch.
1	I cant understand to my knowledge why this place gets good reviews when its one of the worst buffets in town.1. Its very pricey2. poor selection3. food is bland4. nothing stands outcompared to most buffets that are similiar in price this is whats wrong with this place.1. crab legs are small and uncut so you have to do all the work2. shrimp has the peel on it, most places have no peel on it.3. most of the food served is from different regions of france, i never knew that french food was so bland, i didnt go there and pay $30 for some crepes which they serve.the most disapointing this here is the desert, since its a paris casino and it has the most fabulous pastrie shop right by it. i thought they would at least have good desert boy am i wrong.I have given this place several tries and each time i have been disapointed, I rather save money and my palet for spice market buffet at the planet hollywood next door.
4	da pasta dishes r really good! and our server was really nice. da setting is cute...i felt like i was really in Paris.
3	I wanted to really like this place. I seriously was anticipating the great food and desserts and all the good stuff. However, I got nothing. The food is very limited and the dessert station didn't have the crepes!!!!! I went there specifically for the dessert and the yogurt machine was broken and they didn't make crepes. The interior design is very pretty and the crab legs are pretty good, but that was it. So sad....
5	Just look at all the food! I could stay here all day. Take a walk by the pastas, the roasted meats, the made-to-order omelettes, the crepes, the roasted vegetables... then turn around to the crab, shrimp, delicate salads and little dishes. Finally you realize, oh my, look at the desserts; why didn't I save more room for the creme brulee, the flan, the banana foster, and a whole myriad of other delightful tartes, pastries, cakes, and sweets. And to top it off, the mimosas are fabulous.Even with the half-hour wait and shelling out 26 bucks a person for the champagne brunch, this dainty and quaint happy place still gets five stars.
3	Surprisingly the first time i tried this was Saturday for lunch. My buddy is a platinum member and suggested we break our RIO World Buffet habit and try this one this time around. I do not regret it whatsoever. The prime rib was really good nice and juicy and very well cooked. The crepes and grilled section (beef chicken and veggies) were really good as well.The money maker for me was the steamed crab legs and chocolate covered strawberries they offered us since my buddy had that membership. I think the ambiance was really cool too, made you feel like you were literally in a village in paris or something. i kinda wished we were in one of those little houses but the food definitely compensated.Overall it was really quality over quantity that did it for me. i doubt i'll ever go without my friend though, for the price and selection, i'd still rather RIO.
5	Every time I come to Vegas, I have to hit up this particular buffet because it is SO delicious. It is my favorite in Vegas above Bellagio and some of the other more hyped up buffets. I like how they serve very distinctively different food from different regions and make ALL of it good instead of, say, focusing on one of their main dishes (prime rib) and only making that good. Their seafood area is awesome :D ... love love love.Don't like the long lines however, if you start standing in line after 1:00 PM ... good luck ... haha ...Their champagne weekend brunches are definitely worth the wait though!
3	variety of food +1great ambience +1helpful servers +1price proportionality to food in vegas +1but in terms of quality, i give it -1 pointthe crabs seem to have been frozen overnightonce i have tasted a chicken that is still frozen in the inside
2	Wow, this place is not exactly the best for dinner.  I've been here a few years ago for lunch and it was pretty good.  So either dinner is just not very good or they have significantly deteriorated in quality and selection. The selection of seafood and meats were dreadful to say the least.  I guess you can't compare it to the Bellagio buffet.  I should have known when they rang me up at the front for about ~$27.  I looked over to my friend and said, the food can't be really good if they charge that small amount.The desserts were horrible, who would offer dry bread pudding, ick.  On a good note, the single serving soft serve cone was not stale.
4	such a yummy vegas buffet!, go to this place if your super hungry, there is a great selection of different foods and desserts! there may be a line to be seated because this place is always pretty busy when its open, its around 30$ per person..make sure you hit up the Crepe station..MmmmmGood :)
2	there is an advertisement that said the buffet is 18.99, DO NOT LOOK AT THIS FROM AFAR AND WALK RIGHT IN because it is the WEEK DAY price, i'm not sure why they display this on a SUNDAY. i went here for brunch, saw the sign and walked right in, paid for 2 and it was 53 dollars, 53!?!??! while trying to do the math in my head.. 18.99 x 2 + tax.. hmnnn.they were very tricky, oh well let's just eat!wrong!! the service sucks, the service REALLY REALLY REALLY sucks there with drinks and getting you seated. the food, meh. they have great chicken though, i must admit, and the pork loin is fair too.stay away from the seafood, yuck, and stay away from the prime rib or any other steaks. the bread pudding was good as well as the ice cream, but none of the other desserts. honestly, i'd say stay away from this buffet. go somewhere else.
4	Every single time I am in Vegas, it is usually during the Thanksgiving weekend. The normal line waiting period isn't nearly as long as it is during the holidays, especially Thanksgiving. In '07, I waited for 3 hours, this year, I waited only for an hour. Aside from that, I have nothing but good things to say about this buffet.I have tried all of the other buffets in Las Vegas, and I keep coming back to this one. The main reason is the dessert. Nothing beats their dessert. Their creme brulee is my favorite to grab, as well as their tiramisu. As for the other entrees, they always have a good selection, especially during Thanksgiving. Their meats are always cooked well, and their seafood selections are amazing. I have yet to eat anything that was dry or unappetizing. The servers are always so helpful, and quick to take your plates. Maybe I get lucky with who the servers are in my area, but they have always given me 100% quality customer service. The price ranges for the different meals. During Thanksgiving, they are usually $25+. When you do decide to go to Le Village, make sure you fast for a few hours. Your stomach will thank you for it :)
5	There is nothing better for breakfast than this buffet! We hit this place up the first morning we were in Vegas. I will admit it is a bit pricey, but this is Vegas...what good buffet isn't! I love that they have so many stations...the crepe station is my absolute favorite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also love the made to order omlettes and all the yummy pastries! I think I ate my weight in breakfast food...but it was totally worth it!
3	This buffet here was great. Excellent selection of fresh fruit, a bazillion different potato options, and a bunch of different baked goods. My favorites were the home fried potatoes, smoked salmon, and fresh grapefruit halves. Staff was not so great, seemed tired and bored, and were inattentive.
4	Le Village was about the size of the Bellagio buffet, and the "little French town" decor was extremely cheery and pleasant.  The food quality in the morning was great - the crepe and omelette stations were terrific, and the baked goods, sausage and other staples were excellent.This may be blasphemy, but I preferred Paris for breakfast over the Bellagio for lunch.
4	One of the best buffets in Vegas. I'll cut to the chase. The best part are the made to order crepes... and the warm chocolate sauce that you can put on them.. Yummy.The crepe station usually doesn't have the chocolate sauce there, but if you trek over to the banna's foster station, it should be there.  They also have whipped creme, and powdered sugar.   I think they have this going ALL day.The meats are ok, sometimes they'll have some good seasoned meat in the corner, sometimes it isn't there.  The rest of the stuff is honestly pretty standard stuff..  The crepes alone are worth the cost of this buffet if you like sweets. I can eat 2, maybe 3 fully loaded ones.  With a little meat, plus free beverage, it's worth it.  If you can arrive before the cut off time for lunch, or dinner, and get to the register to pay, you can stay later and get the better food for cheaper.. The line can get VERY long at times..  They don't have rack of lamb, and the carving station has been mediocre lately. (For dinner)
4	So, I'm not much of a buffet person, but after reading these reviews (and the fact that we stayed at Paris), I decided we should give it a whirl.  We showed up at about 10:50am on a Thursday, so they were just about to switch out the breakfast items with lunch.  First stop was the omelette station.  I don't think the guy cooked my omelette enough since it wound up being a little runny.  Oh well, the made to order crepes (which are HUGE!!!!!) more than made up for it!  I also enjoyed the little quiches.  The brownies are super yummy....I grabbed one on the way out.  Basically, this is an awesome place to come when you want to eat 20 thousand calories.  :)
4	CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH for $24.99?? Yes please! I think I definitely drank more than I ate...hehe.Their brunch menu consists of...EggsBaconPotatoesPork LoinRoast somethingChickenSushiAn assortment of veggiesSweet Crepes (made to order!)Small belgium wafflesChurros!!King Crab LegsEggs BenedictHash BrownsMusselsClamsSome really good soup thing in a breadbowlQuichesPesto PastaMeat Sauce PastaCreme BruleeOther desserts I couldn't pinpoint (blame the champagne)...and other things I can't remember (blame the champagne again)The servers were pretty attentive to our party of 10 who got all bottomless champagne glasses. They were good about refilling and bringing us water, ketchup, etc. We had to wait about 30 minutes before getting in but that's not too bad compared to some other buffets. The decor here is cute! Felt like I was sitting outside on a cobblestone sidewalk in Paris. Cute cute cute...But YAY! I'm a fan.
3	More like 3.5 stars.  It's better than your average Vegas buffet, but not as good as the Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, and The Orleans (YUP!).  It also got bumped up half a star because they had good crab legs.  In fact, my friend injured a finger and squirted crab juice across the table as she devoured those meaty legs.  We all went primal.  I was cracking em with my teeth and smelled of crab for the next 12 hours. The choices were abundant, but I suggest staying away from the pasta section.  Made to order dessert crepes were available, but I was hoping for a savory selection as well.  Lots of rich sauces covered chicken, beef, pork, turkey, and seafood.  Not bad.It's $25 for dinner and the wait was over an hour.  Not worth the wait, but we had vouchers, so of course, we waited.
2	The long line in addition to the mediocre food and service suggest that you should spend your money elsewhere.
3	I heard so many great things about Paris' Le Village Buffet, but I was honestly disappointed in their breakfast. The line outside this buffet made me optimistic, but when I saw that the lines didn't end once we were in the buffet, I was a little annoyed. My bf and I hardly saw each other during our breakfast together because I spent a good 15 minutes in line for an omelet. The selection of breakfast foods was not as big as I thought it would be. My omelet was good, but nothing else was really memorable except for the churros, which I'm pretty sure the French don't eat for breakfast, but it was good nonetheless. There were a lot of fruit, cheeses, croissants, and even pate, but that didn't make up for our forgetful waitress. There is also a crepe station, but I wasn't a huge fan of the blueberry crepe.
2	Was it worth the 2-hour wait? The first time I came here a few years ago, I would definitely say yes.  But this time I would say, Eh, not really.  They kept running out of food.  The lines were too long outside and as well as inside the buffet that by the time you got to the food you want, they had already run out.  I went back to check and they had replaced it with an entirely different dish!  A few years ago, the food was way better and what I remember most was the crepe section.  Blueberry and whip crepe.....mmmmm, but this time it tasted yucky..what happened?? I could've sworn I saw someone eating chocolate dipped strawberries, but I never saw it at the dessert station, so I opted for the creme brulee, which I must say, is not bad.  And they ran out of Italian dressing for salad.  What the???
4	After the kids spent their 1o dollars at Circus Circus in order to win 2 pillows, 4 bouncy balls, and a light up toy, we met up with the rest of the family at the Paris Hotel for our New Year dinner.Le Village Buffet, along with the buffet at the Bellagio, are two of my favorite buffets on the strip, although I haven't tried the one at Wynn's yet. The ambience here is wonderful and brings me memories of me and hubby sitting outside a cafe in the real Paris sucking on escargot. Well, just me with the escargot bit because hubby would never eat snails.The snow crab legs and cocktail shrimps are always good here, and this time around they had Jonah crab claws. I was surprised to find out that Jonah crabs used to be considered a nuisance to New England lobstermen, as I found them sweet and delicious. There were delicious baked oysters too, but no raw ones.The dessert section is wondeful. Their creme brulee is perfect, and they have a crepe bar where they will make your crepe to order. We always seem to end our dinner with soft serve.They also have good flan, nice and light. My mom was able to have her crab legs warmed up by the waiter, although I prefer my snow crab legs fresh and chilled as I find them juicier that way. The waiters, of course, bring you all the drinks you want.Full review and more photos on my blog.
1	Attn Yelpers: THIS BUFFET HAS GONE TO SHIT.I used to eat here semi-regularly 3-4 years ago. Went again this trip after having not gone in a while. Service was good, but everything I had was bland and overcooked...had to eat extra desserts and bread just to get full as the meat was inedible (even the freshly carved prime rib. The freshly carved pork was ok.)Kind of sad. I will miss this place.
4	#2 on my vegas buffet list
2	Great for groups. Suggest making a group reservation. You have to pay gratuity upfront but you can bypass the LONG line.Food was bland. Nothing really stood out. Wait staff was pleasant. A little overpriced for a Vegas mid-day buffet.
4	After stumbling through the maze of a french village in this establishment, I finally found the bathroom. There is only one in this whole place surprisingly.  I opened the door to find two young boys dropping the deuce. Well one was on the can, the other one was watching the door. Heard of the lock you schmucks? They gave me the stare of a squirrel that is about to be runned over by the tire of a 4x4. Besides this little experience which made my trip to the buffet at the Paris hotel memorable, the food was really the catch. I can go on and on about the everyday dishes they have in pasta, rice, chicken, etc etc. But I have to highlight the roast beef at this place. It is definitely second to none. Don't forget to get a side of hot au jus to pour all over your meat before you get down and dirty. That sounded pretty dirty on its own, but the only thing that can make your experience a little better is having a couple of french models on your side. A good way to go out of this place is making a stop at the desert bakery.  If you aren't watching the calories, definitely load up on the tiramasu. It will make any dinning experience a much more pleasurable one. I chose to skip the champagne brunch, and ended up paying $17.99 for lunch. Which was fairly reasonable with the overpriced Wynn and Bellagio buffets that are out there.If you want a good meal before you hit the road and head back to Socal, this would be an ideal stop because you won't be eating much on that 7 hour traffic jam. I will be coming back to Le Village of Paris again.
3	New Year's weekend... crazy lines... of course! But luckily I'm Asian and therefore have a family of gamblers who have platinum players cards... so that means SKIP THE LINES!The service at the buffet was definitely great, we had come for dinner on New Year's eve night only to find that the place was PACKED! They have a pretty good selection of meats, a few pastas, and of course they have a carving station.  I was slightly disappointed that when certain foods were out, some weren't refilled as quickly as I had hoped.  It was definitely a plus that the crab legs were slightly already cracked for you, but claws and such were a bit hard to eat (and the claw is my FAV!).  I do believe that it's pretty pricey for what it is, especially when there are other buffets that I think are just a tad better.  Their dessert station was also only "okay" for me - though they do get a thumbs up for having creme brulee!!I hear brunch is fabulous... I definitely need to go back for that!
3	I can see why Le Village Buffet was popular several years back.  They received many awards for their food however I've come to the realization that the food is not quite up to par than what it was at their peak. The food at Le Village Buffet consists of 5 provinces from France.  Each station is themed per province.  The line was somewhat long for dinner as we arrived around 7pm.  We were all starving considering our last real meal was prior to our departure in San Jose. Once we were seated it was no holds bar.  We each took off and got our food.  I remember getting the prime rib which I liked the best.  Meat was tender and cooked perfect.  Everything else was just okay for me.  I was hungry so it really didn't matter.  The sole was good though.  Very fresh and tasty.  Other notable notes was the cheese station and desserts.  The creme brulee and lemon tart were really good.  I can't eat shellfish but everyone kept getting the crab legs and cocktail shrimp.Service was good.  The ambiance reminded me of an outdoor village-like setting.  For dinner we were seated inside an actual cottage of some sort.  It felt more quiet and intimate whereas for lunch (yes we came here again the next day) we were seated in the outdoor setting which I preferred.Honestly I've had better buffet experiences in Vegas. I don't know if I would come back here again unless they revamped their menu.
1	Yuck! I didn't like this place at all. I felt absolutely cheated paying a buffet price for the amount of food I ate. My husband booked some discount-price tickets to this place, so we went there for dinner one night during our Vegas vacation. There are different stations, like any buffet, where you can get different kinds of food, most of it European. I tried really hard to like the food. Not much of it looked appetizing. Even less of it tasted that way. Shrimp and crab legs are my go-to items for Las Vegas buffets. They're usually safe, right? Well, the crab legs were cold, not hot. The melted butter was barely lukewarm, so by the time you walked back to your table with it, it was congealing. Still, I could make do with the crab legs, but that's not much of a buffet, is it? The absolute worst part for me was the shrimp. I dipped it in butter, bit down, and CRUNCH. What the hell kind of lazy-ass place doesn't de-shell the shrimp before serving it? Plus, if it's not de-shelled, then it's certainly not de-veined! Crunchy, poop-filled shrimp should not be on anyone's list of things to eat while in Las Vegas. If you want real seafood (and variety) at a reasonable price, go to the buffet at Harrah's.
4	The prime rib here is seriously THE BEST!! Cooked just the way I like (medium rare), tender, juicy, DELICIOUS- it totally exceeded my expectations. The only other thing that stood out for me was the creme brulee. I didnt really think this buffet had a lot of variety, but the food was definitely good and there was a lot of dessert items to choose from. We also got 2 plates of the king crab legs and it was murdered- once we started we couldnt stop!! The service here was awesome!
3	I used to LOVE this buffet and goodness knows I am NOT a fan of buffets.  I love the omelete station, the made-to-order crepes, the shrimp cocktail and crab claws bar, and dessert station!  During out most recent trip, the shrimp cocktail and crab claws were missing during our lunch buffet and there was no escargot at the hot bar (budget cuts affecting Vegas buffets?)However, I will say that the roast beef they made was so much more tender this time than previously.  The carver wouldn't cut the more "rare" center pieces for me.  And I literally stood there for 10 minutes, waiting for others to request the more well done portions so that I could get to the rare center.Service is decent; I had no problems.  I didn't find the wait staff having a nonchalant attitude in fact, I thought they were attentive although no particularly engaging or overly warm, but they did a good job.  I will come back again just because it's a place that is relatively consistent and always has a good selection.  Please bring back the escrgot, crab claws, shrimp cocktail!
4	A bit of a line as usual but a little gab with the hostess and we are goin in through the VIP entrance.  (waiting in line is for suckas)  All the usual suspects of the buffet here, but executed well.  They had stone crab which was great, although I have seemed to develop an allergy to shellfish but I had to have some.  Large variety of French themed items, I stuck to what I know....thick cut of prime rib seared on the grill=very tender rib eye steak.  (try it, you'll like it) just ask the cook, they will always oblige.  I had some mashed potatoes, some sort of I don't know what, with some other brown stuff, some kinda green things, all with French names I couldn't pronounce, le brown stuff, le green stuff, le poopoo....Everybody's dessert looked good, I'm not a dessert person so I can't tell you much....Overall a good value for $27, can't say as much for the Wynn buffet at $43, yikes!  Oh, and they served Newcastle beer, the one and only...,til next time, good eating!
4	My BF and I went here for Breakfast on a Saturday morning around 9am, and the line wasn't too long, only a 5-10 minute or so wait once you get inside the doors (the line curves around and can extend to the outside part of the restaurant).  When we were leaving, however, the line was twice as long, so come earlier if you can't wait to eat!  It was definitely worth it, and next time, I would wait longer if needed!  If youre looking for a fancy place, this isn't it.  I thought of it more as a family-friendly, down to earth type of place.  The decor is nice, very european (it IS in the Paris hotel, haha).  It kinda reminded me of Busch Gardens Europe (in Va).  I really liked the selection of breakfast food here.  They had all the breakfast staples - my favorite breakfast item was the made-to-order omlets - I recommend this instead of getting the pre-made scrambled eggs to save room in your stomach!  Since we came relatively early, we didn't have to wait in a long line at the stations, either, which I read in other reviews, except the crepes/waffles station looked a little long so I didn't try it.  They had silver dollar pancakes that had been sitting a little while, so mine were hard as a rock- one of the only down sides to this buffet, which you may not find if you come here.  They had a nice selection of cheese, pate (if youre into it), salmon, oatmeal, cream of wheat, fresh breads, fresh fruit, churros, they had pretty much everything.  The dessert station wasn't very extravagant, I guess since it was breakfast, understandable.  I can't remember exactly but I think they had cookies, banana chips, scones, etc.  There was a lady inside the dessert station torching creme brulee which was probably for dinner since she didn't put any out.  We did end up having the chocolate and vanilla soft-serve custard, which oddly enough, was fabulous for an after-breakfast dessert :)  As far as the service goes, our waitress was a little slow, I think since it was so busy there as we were about to leave.  You pay up front before you get inside, juice is included in the price plus another drink of your choice.    I have yet to try this buffet for dinner, but I would definitely reccomend this buffet for breakfast and will definitely come back again!
2	This place really sucked....Started with about an hour wait in line.  The special champagne brunch just didn't have anything really good or different than anywhere else.  Oh, you could get a nice fruit crepe, but I think they have similar items at Ihop.  Much of the food was cold and actually MIA...so maybe there were some items I missed.  They did have an omlette station! whoopee! ...and some nasty hash browns.  The prime rib was above average and the crab claws were the smallest ones I've seen at any buffet on the strip.ALso, the dining room was smaller than most buffets and hard to navigate.  I felt like I was eating in a food court.
4	Got the breakfast buffet here after catching a sunrise on top of the PH parking lot...was extremely satisfying. Cute setting, tons of pastries, and attentive service! Brought me back to wandering around France a bit...will definitely check this place out for lunch and dinner sometime, and that champagne Sunday brunch sounds incredible!
2	Went here for brunch on Sunday after Valentines Day 2009. Long Long Line to wait! We though we'd check it out because we've never been. The Good: Made to Order Crepes, Grilled New York Steak, and their Prime Rib was very good (my favorite). The Quiches were good too. The Bad: the service was horrible and the waitresses didn't give us our Mimosa's until we were pretty much done with our food already. (We attended Champagne Brunch) and it took the waitresses forever to refill our cokes. Not that much selection on the food, as I expected. I've been to better buffets. (Rio Buffet is still my favorite! ) I don't think I will be coming back here.
2	I wanted to go there for the crepes but they only had dessert crepes and no savory ones. The line was amazingly long (weekend) and by the time we got there (1 hour), it was $10 more but great if you like champagne. Why are the plates so heavy?
4	For $25 for bottomless champagne, buffet brunch in a neat atmosphere, I'm in!  This is definitely the place to go on Sunday AM while in Vegas :-)A group of 5 of us waited ~ 45 mins in line, but we were chatting the entire time, so it wasn't all that bad.Our waitress was on-the-ball with the mimosas, and clearing plates, and pretty nice about it too the entire time.Food went from mediocre to good to very tasty!  The quiche was eh, and I hate peel-and-eat shrimp (SO messy!), and the creme brulee was abdominal.The baked sole was fantastic as always, as were the dolmades and smoked salmon (but no toast or bread nearby to put it on?).They were out of Nutella for the crepes, so I downgraded to plain ol' chocolate, but it was that yucky, bland, overly-sweet Nestle stuff, I think.  Didn't end up eating it, but the whipped cream was amazing.Pan a' chocolate was a bit dry.Sushi was a small selection, but all were made very well, fresh, and great flavours - good job, sushi chef!The pesto pasta with pine nuts was very flavourful and good textures, as was the marinated mushroom salad.And, the piece de resistance - they have soft serve ice cream!!  (They call is frozen custard = same thing).We all came out of there happy, full, tipsy, and ready for more.
3	All I have to say is that the crab legs were REALLY good...All I can remember is the staff being somewhat rude but the food makes up for it.  Pastry section was bare, not much to offer in that department besides the generic stuff like cookies and small cakes.  All nonremarkable.  The food makes you feel stuffed!The dining atmosphere is crowded and noisy but what can you expect from a buffet?  I like the patio area because it looks like youre really outside when really youre eating indoors with their mock sky and lightening.  Overall an interesting experience.
4	Caught the breakfast buffet last time I was in Vegas. Kinda expensive compared to the other buffets, but definitely give it a try. Lots of food from different places around France. The setting is cute, kinda like you're outside, but you're really inside. They also had really adorable little jars with honey and marmalades. The crepes are pretty good. The waitstaff was also quite attentive.Wish it wasn't so crowded though.
4	We visited Le Village for the champagne Sunday brunch during our recent vacation to Las Vegas and it was a memorable experience (significant considering we ate at a buffet every day of our week long stay.)  The entire inside of the restaurant has the facade of a Paris village, very different from most of the buffets, which look like a restaurant in a hotel.  The positives didn't stop at the decor though, as we all really enjoyed the food as well!There is a fresh made-to-order crepe station.  I was disappointed that they were out of bananas when I went up, and the apple filling was cold, not warmed, but the crepes were still delicious.  The French station with roasted chicken, leek mashed potatoes and provencial dishes was excellent.  Another surprising highlight of my meal was the pretzel bread from the bread display.  If you visit this buffet, don't miss the fresh pretzel bread!  Overall, they had a great variety of dishes for brunch from breakfast foods like fresh waffles to more traditional French fare and a plentiful seafood station.The one aspect of our meal that was really lacking was service.  We had to flag our waitress down several times to refill our glasses after they sat empty while she passed by on more than one occasion.  I would be willing to overlook the service and still recommend this buffet for a wonderful Sunday brunch, and hope you get a better waitress for your visit!
2	Soooo disappointing.  I came here in 2002 and it was the best food I ate during my whole Vegas trip.  This time it was some of the worst.  I guess I should have been worried when the last Zagat review they had posted outside  was from 2005.First, we had to wait in line for over an hour for their "Champagne Brunch."  Brunch?  Usually brunch is pretty heavy on the breakfast food, but here there wasn't much at all.  What they did have was lukewarm, and nothing I couldn't make better at home.  The one highlight was their mini-waffles, which were buttery and fluffy.The service was terrible; our waiter got our drink orders wrong, didn't give us any spoons for the coffee, and argued with my friend when she asked for tea water that was actually hot.It wasn't worth the $24.99 at all.  4 Words: Go To The Wynn!
3	+1 star for made to order crepes+1 for short line+1 for priceThis place seems like it needs more light. Feels like I'm dining in the forest late at night near Europe. But overall the selections are ok for the $24/person dinner here. Although if I'm really craving for a good buffet, there's other places on the strip. Not bad for those spending couple days in vegas.
1	I came in loving the decor a lot more than the other buffet we had been to. I left with a very big desire to whisper "Choose someplace else!" to everybody in line.First of all... the food. A lot of it was bland or not even interesting/tasty-looking enough (to me) to pick up. The sushi looked old and dry. Everything else was just.... eh. I usually find buffets dangerous because I end up eating too much at them (which was mostly okay for this trip because we ended up having about one meal a day thanks to them), but in this case I barely had anything to eat. It costs about the same per person as ordering one dish at any of the other restaurants so I was thinking the selection would be great to have, but boy was I wrong.The only thing that made me happy here was the creme brulee and the raspberries on some of the dessert items. I love raspberries.Second of all? It took us almost the entire meal before a very winded waitress finally came by for our drink orders. I tried stopping somebody and asking at one point, and they just said "Oh she's busy trying to get everybody else drinks. She'll get to you guys." I love getting my drink at the end of my meal?I felt feeling a little bit gross and within about 5 minutes had a stomach ache. Great.
4	I felt like I was in Europe again, but cuter. All the food stations are divided into different categories. I read a description of Le Village Buffet as the "Disneyland of all buffets," and that is totally accurate. They've idealized and cartoonized Europe, and the different stations add onto this Disney-like "Europe in a nutshell" feel. The atmosphere of the hotel itself is good, and they've just carried that over into the buffet. Hands down, the funnest (yea that's right, I made it a word) looking buffet I've ever been in. As for the food, I found it to be yummy. A lot of different dishes and for the most part I enjoyed it! They even had sushi, which was a nice change. I was really excited about the crab legs when I got there, but they were so damn hard to eat with so little payoff that I ended up giving up on them. The top of the creme brulee was perfect though! I like my tops hard, thick, and toasted. Le Village Buffet succeeded on all 3! & The crepes are tasty, but they didn't have strawberry fruit filling! @(#&*$! Strawberry is the OG of all fruit fillings. Luckily the chocolate and caramel syrup were good. Lick your plate good. Literally. Service was fair. They cleared the tables at a good pace and provided me with a beverage, but weren't overly friendly or super on top of things. No matter, I don't go to a buffet for the service anyways. Overall, the food is good, service is fair, but the atmosphere is excellent! Don't forget your stretchy pants!
2	I remembered this as one of my favorite buffets but our last visit was terrible. The food was mediocre and the selection was minimal at best. The long wait was not worth it and I don't think we'll be coming back unless they do an overhaul of the food offering.
4	when staying on the strip of vegas...this place and bellagio's buffet were the two of my favorite. now on my list is wynn, bellagio and then this place. yes, it's been demoted. I dunno, the last few tiems, i felt that i'm going to Paris' buffet all for their crepe rather than their food. I wasnt that excited to see their selections. the taste of their food was just okay the last time i went. not much to say about this place - it's really just okay.. fine a little better than just okay. And trust me, it's still better than a lot of other places. but i guess if The wynn and bellagio's is too much for your wallet, then Paris is a good deal.
1	What a horrible, disgusting, overpriced Easter buffet.  We paid almost $100 for the three of us and it was not worth it.  The menu sounded very promising, but half of the food on there never made it to the buffet.  my husband is still looking for that duck l'orange.  The things that did make it weren't that good.  The lamb was dry, the crab legs were just gross, and the cheese and salad selection was pitiful.  The quality of the food in general was just not worthy of the price.  Before we discovered the Aladdin buffet, which doesn't exist anymore, we used to hit up the Paris buffet on every trip.  It was worth it back then with a much better selection and better quality food.  Now, you could easily get the same quality garbage at a buffet that is half the price.  I was very disappointed.
4	As far as Vegas buffets are concerned this one is my favorite for Brunch.  It's a tough call between this and Bellagio, but on Easter Sunday this Champagne Brunch won out.  I must give props to our waiter as he did a fabulous job of keeping our flutes full.  (At most of these buffets the waiters check back very infrequently).Helpful Hints ...*Have your drink order ready when you approach the counter to pay for your meal.  This is the only place that does it this way, so just be prepared for that question. *Ask if you can be seated in one of the little alcoves.  The noise level is a lot lower and there aren't massive amounts of people weaving around your table staring at your food. *Wait in line for the Crepe.  They are delicious - especially as a dessert stuffed with your favorite fruit.  *If you don't see an item on the buffet that was listed on the menu, let someone know and they will track it down for you.  This goes for the meat preparation as well.*Don't skip the mashed potatoes.  They're delicious!     One star gets deducted for the crab legs.  Having been spoiled by a few of the other buffets, I was not a fan of having to crack my on crab legs. But there were plenty of other items on the buffet that made up for this slight inconvenience.
3	I am not a big fan of buffets because they usually focus on quantity rather than quality but I always end up going to one while I'm in Vegas.I think all the Vegas buffets are the same.  Although, I did find that the Prime Rib and the Lamb tasted better here than at the other buffets.  They had a crepe station which was kind of cool.  Banana chocolate crepe, yum.  I was very disappointed with their dessert.  But I did like that they had waffle cones for their ice cream.
3	Long line on a Wednesday night - arrived at 8pm, waited for about 40 minutes.Like other reviewers' comments, the creme brulee is very good. I specially like the prime ribs and crab legs.The food is ok but not impressive. But I would say it is better than Bellagio.
4	The environment is awesome. :) the dessert is not bad ;)...french style.  The food are ok -.-..  I would say it's not bad.
4	This was a brilliant buffet - just like the reviews stated.  We went here for breakfast and were not disappointed.  The highlight was definitely the crepe station.  I got a crepe filled with strawberries drizzled with chocolate sauce and my husband chose one filled with apples and strawberries with caramel sauce.  They were amazing.  I wasn't as impressed with their pastry selection - I was expected a little bit more from a French style buffet, but the few pastries we did try were delicious, especially the bear claw.  There were some interesting choices of food such as pate, but we were too full to try! Good buffet!
5	MMM, crab legs!  Do you like crab legs?  If so, this is the buffet you MUST go to in Vegas.  They always have plenty of crab legs that are perfectly seasoned with an optional butter dipping sauce.The decor is absolutely adorable and the ceiling is painted just like the casino with neverending blue skies.  The buffet resembles a cute little French town--kind of reminds me of the "bonjour" scene from "Beauty and the Beast".The crepes and omelets are made to order.  The dessert station is located right in the center with tons of french pastries, cakes, and icecream.  I leave here resembling a rollie pollie with a full and happy tummy.  Food coma sets in pretty quickly and I usually head back to the hotel for a little siesta.
2	I went for the Sunday Champagne & the Champagne itself was just ok..(they're not gonna give u the good stuff 4 Buffets anyways...) we ended up making Mimosas with the Champagne & OJ =) They take your drink orders upfront @ the cashier 1st & then the waiter/waitress brings your drinks 4 u afterwards when you're seated...(weird, but that's how they do it)..the waiters here seem to be very unorganized..we kept getting approached by several different waiters asking us the same question...don't they know/ have assigned section as to who's waiting who?? crazy..I do not know WHY everyone is raving about the crab legs here...they're all SO skinny with absolutely no meat inside...not worth working on...& it looked like people had been picking through them already..Yuckk.. =/ This is definitely NOT the place 2go 2 for crab legs!! If you REALLy like crab legs, go to Bellagio / Rio's Buffet...they have an awesome selection of seafoods..The dessert section/bar was extremely lacking..I was expecting more of a variety due to the "French" theme that they were going for here... the only thing that was actually good for desserts was the Creme Brulee (which was way too small)..the ice cream machine was broken, so that sucked..The crepes were good, but I wished that they had more toppings &fruits to choose from to put into /on them.. =/I know that they received several awards several years earlier, but it's funny how they haven't gotten any recently?? I wonder why?? Hmm...maybe cuz the service & the quality of food has gone downhill perhaps?? yupp.. that must be it.. I'm def. not gonna come back..I'd rather go to Bellagio / Rio's Buffet...WAY more worth it...
3	Good food.- The prime rib was tasty (med rare)- NY steak was (med well) not to my liking- Roast duck was a bit overdone- Roast chicken was OK, nothing special- Oven backed Sole, pretty good with a thick but small portion- Turkey sausage OK- Crab legs/claws had some pre-cuts into the shell to make it easier to crack- Tomato soup was good- Crepe bar was nice- most of the dessert offerings were a bit stale.- Banana Foster was OK.- Roasted vegetables were not bad but unspectacular.Overall, not bad for the price, but probably could have been a bit better quality for a Las Vegas buffet.
4	I came here for dinner along with some friends. The atmosphere was awesome and I'll probably be coming back here the next time I go to Las Vegas in two weeks. The service was good, they came around a few times asking if we wanted refills on our drinks so that's nice to see. The food was especially good for a buffet, but the best part was the dessert. Make sure to save room for dessert.This is a great spot to come back to once in a while.
2	I've definitely had better buffets at Vegas. I don't know, maybe its because I was all buffeted out. We went to Le Village Buffet on our last day in Vegas. We were going there strictly because it was Sunday and Mother's Day so they have champagne brunch for $30. We waited about 30 minutes in line. The place is huge, but everything is pretty spread out. You think there's more than there really is. We get our first round of food. We decided to hit up breakfast yummies first. There was an omelet station and basically all the breakfast fixings. It was decent. We arrive back at our table and there's OJ waiting for us so we can make mimosas with the champagne we were going to ask for. When we finally flagged down our server, she actually stared at us and asked us if we were 21. She almost didn't believe us. Come on, we are in Vegas. Our next plate was meats. They have a wide selection of meats. The flavors were there, but everything was dry. The mashed potatoes looked really good, but it's like they poured a whole thing of salt in there. Someone must have read the recipe wrong. Instead of a pitch, they threw in hand fulls. I've never wasted so much food at a buffet before. There was a seafood section with crab legs and shrimp. I walked by and the crab legs they had there looked pathetic compared to the ones at Rio's seafood buffet. I didn't even bother.The dessert selection was okay at best. They have the typical desserts. Their Creme Brulee wasn't even that good... and it's suppose to be a French inspired buffet... HA!!! Their only good quality is that there was a crepe station. The line was enormous, but its worth the wait. Honestly, there are plenty of other great Sunday Brunch with all you can drink champagne in Vegas. Don't go here. Pick Belagio for a little more money.
1	Are you kidding me?!  It's like eating scraps in a fucking dungeon.  Never again.
4	Sometimes when you are hammered and you don't want to think too much, you just go to the last place that gave you the best memories. I took a little quick drive across the parking lots from Wynn over to the Paris and splurged out on proteins at the Le Village again.  I spent most of my Saturday being hammered from 3-shot goose drinks, and I just needed something else that is not toxic liquid based. I came down here, and the line was about 20-45 mins.. could be 60? I don't remember. All I remember is that the price was slightly jacked up for dinner at $24.95. Thats funny considering everything that was served was exactly the same as last time. Infact there was probably more baked goodies last time around then the lunch hour. Either ways, I m glad I came here instead of the over priced $39.95 Wynn buffet. My favorite had to be their prime rib with au jux. I probably ate about $30 worth of meat with the 6 half pound slices I had. Then I had to try their creme burle. That is what being french and dinning french is all about. I had a few more cups of those.. I was full for a total of 4 hours until I got on the dance floor later that night. Paris is your best economical Vegas buffet if you are looking to not splurge on seafood, but some real meat for men.
4	I love love love this buffet! Not the standard Las Vegas buffet, this delightful place serves fare from the 5 provinces of France.  The atmosphere is there, you feel like you have walked onto one of the many courtyard cafes in France, and the smells are delightful.  At many of the stations, the food is being prepared fresh.  There are wide varieties of french cheeses, pates, chops, crepes made to order, wonderful desserts, great fresh seafood, fondues, and many other dishes to satisfy any taste.
4	I'm not sure why this is three and a half stars, for a buffet this place was awesome. I've only been to Home Town Buffet and some Chinese one back at my home town, so I guess it would be obvious I'd find this one above and beyond average :] Minus one star for the service...I really don't want to but I can't help but feel like my table was being ignored. Not only that the table next to us wasn't cleared and it wasn't pleasant sitting next to an empty, dirty, table. Not to mention we had to ask 2 people to bring us new silverware because my bf dropped his knife ;[ And it took them a while to pick up our dirty dishes, so that when I came back from getting more food there was still a dirty dish there at the table D: Other than that the food was delicious! I loved the selection, breakfast, lunch, dessert, sweets, veggies, seafood. All you could ask for, and they served champagne, super fancy! x3 I know this doesn't really matter when it comes to rating restaurants but when in line for the first time I ended up behind this really stuck up person! I assumed she was just upset about something and told myself to calm down, but what really pissed me off was when one of her friends came up to her and started a convo (which I didn't really mind I mean w/e, theres plenty of food and making a big deal out of cutting is kind of childish) and the person in front of me said, "Yeah I don't see anyone with fruits" and she turned around, locked eyes with me, looked me up and down, and turned around all stuck up like!! The second I saw a break in the line I jumped ahead and got my self away from that pile of bad ju-ju. Yuck! Dx What evs, I enjoyed myself and I really liked the buffet :3
1	I came here for dinner memorial day weekend because it didn't raise it's price because it was the holidays. However it was the worst mistake I have ever made. I should have went to a low end buffet off the strip. The service was HORRIFYING. No one was around to even ask for refills, and when we asked for a crab cracker the lady said they didn't have any, after she brought in another table that table got the crackers. So I pulled her aside and asked her for a nut cracker and she was like "oh yes, I suppose we got some in today" This was my WTF moment. I had to ask 3 different people for extra napkins or even a refill because the first 2 would forget. It was just horrible. The Food was not great for a nice hotel like this. Deserts were overly sweet and food was overly salty. My sister basically got a raw piece of prime rib. When I say raw i do not mean its pink, i mean its red and bloody and when you cut it it is still squishy. I was thoroughly disappointed in this buffet.
5	Le Village Buffet, je t'aime.This is absolutely my most favorite buffet in Vegas. I HAVE to eat here whenever I come for a visit. Le Village buffet is located in none other than the Paris hotel. If the name didn't already give it away, the buffet itself looks like a little French village. Food lines the walls all along the interior and in the center is an amazing dessert station.The food is always delicious and fresh. There's something for everyone to enjoy. They offer a salad bar, crab legs with melted butter, prime rib, roast beef, veggies, sushi... I could go on forever. The mashed potatoes are to die for. It would be sacrilege if you went without trying them. But the kicker in this place is the fact that they make fresh crepes to your liking, right in front of you. Want it filled with bananas and strawberries? They have it. Blueberries? They've got that too. Cherries, chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, syrup, whipped cream, powdered sugar? Yes. ALL of that. It's oh so decadent and heavenly, eating one of these crepes should be a sin but I suppose gluttony comes in pretty close considering you can eat as much as you want. It doesn't matter though when everything's so good. Please eat here when you go to Vegas. If you don't, lie to me and say you did anyways.
5	My digestive tract is still mad at me for the complete assault I gave it whilst gorging myself on the prime rib. We stayed there for hours, literally, just so we could digest a little then keep eating. Our server was super nice, and kept our drinks full. She may have judged us, thought we were all hedonistic pigs, but she didn't let on. She was merciful.I want to sleep in a bed made of that prime rib.
5	Vegas ah Vegas. A buffet this delicious cannot exist anywhere else. Bringing me here is like putting a starving lion in an orphanage. I don't even remember anything that happened here. I literally got drunk on food. One moment i was in a pool of Crab Legs. The next you find me face first in a pool of Prime Rib/Au Jus/Horshradish. Holy holy holy. After gorging for 2 straight hours, me and my friends roll out of here disorderly and eyes twitching and stomach pulsating. After all this is what Vegas all about.
5	basically you need to get the discount tickets at tix4toniht booths and i think its like 5 dollars off... also if you go in around 3pmish then you can pay lunch prices but if you just chill until 330 then you get to eat dinner stuff, pretty mcuh you pay 1/2 as much as you would at the wynn but the food is like 2/3 as good.  good selections neato theme just overall a solid buffet, basically if i was broke id eat here but if i had the money id goto the wynn every time that place is better than a babys bottom.
2	the food is so-so.  The sushi left an unbelievably bad taste in my mouth, the pasta was heavy and oily, presentation was relatively unappealing, the shrimp/crab bar was pretty good.  The service (drink) was good.
4	If you like pasta, this is the place... You have to be super hungry and have an appetite to eat here...not much I can say, but we were seated in the very corner, the far end,and reallly far away from the food, because there's some sort of a VIP section of the restaurant for hotel guests (I'm assuming). So not fair. But I did make it back and forth just fine from our table to the enormous selection of great food...I think I've had enough carbs to last me til winter..haha
3	What a disappointment! I remember going there couple years ago and the food was so wonderful. We went to Le Village last weekend for Sunday brunch. The line was 45 minutes long, which is fine for Vegas buffet on the weekends I guess. I kept telling my b-friend that the wait is worth it and he won't be disappointed. Sure enough, I had to admit at the end of our brunch that it wasn't anything special. Nothing to write home about. The only thing I remember was good the crepe with blueberries and chocolate. The staff is not very friendly, they all looked grumpy and ignorant. Choose something else for a buffet, this one is not worth it.
4	Phenomenal leg of lamb - - pink, glistening, tender, flavorful.   The prime rib was completely brown, but utterly delicious, and so tender it dissolves on the tongue.  The cold crab legs were bursting with flavor.  The crawfish in the bouillabaisse were briliant!   Duck a l'orange wasn't bad.  Gnocchi a la Kouros and cassolet with pork and beef  were enjoyable - - but other sides and pastas were kind of on the plain side.  Cheeses on the cheese tray were a let-down, with run-of-the mill cheddar, muenster, and smoked gouda.    Main complaint though:  it is so dark in the eating area that your food looks uniformly grey and muddy once you get it to your table.  The tables need candles - - or any kind of localized lighting, really badly.
2	Interesting. I came here in the middle of the week. With that said, I expected it to be subpar since its cheaper for lunch. Of course most buffets bust out the good stuff for dinner/on the weekends. Honestly there was nothing too memorable about this place, beside the custom crepe making station, which I took advantage of of course. The food was different since it seems to be French based, so don't to find mush Asian cuisine (if any) or American food for that matter. I mean the ambiance is nice since the entire district where the buffet is modeled to look like Paris. The service was ok here though. As nice as our server was, she kinda dragged in getting our plates cleared and getting us our drinks. Maybe if i come here during the weekend or for dinner, I'll enjoy this place more.I ran out of things to say.
5	I've eaten here before, but I was a little nervous about the downward trending reviews for the Paris buffet. It's easy to overestimate a buffet when your expectations are low.However, I was happy here all over again. I find the dishes here to be unique, interesting and good. Maybe I just don't eat enough French food to be 'over it,' but I think it's great that there are few American dishes here. They also tend to have veggies cooked in yummy ways. While I ate a ton, I didn't feel sick afterwards because I didn't feel like I was wallowing in a tub of lard. I had some fantabulous apple pie which really topped off my meal here.
2	We got in for $15 each around 10:45am on a weekday, so we got a little bit of breakfast food and a little bit of lunch.  I did not have a 15% tip fee added to my bill as I saw on a previous review.The breakfast food was all pretty normal, but executed relatively well compared to the lunch dishes.  I ate a lot of eggs and smoked salmon.  Most of the best dishes were the simply prepared ones.  The beef roast (unsure of the cut) was delicious, as were the grilled vegetables and mozzarella/tomato/basil salad.  The more complex dishes I found to be inedible.  Mushroom risotto - the risotto was hard and clumpy (I make a better risotto than that!) and lacked a strong mushroom flavor.  The seafood stew was THE WORST.  The mussels WERE NOT DE-BEARDED!!  (FYI, the 'beard' of mussels are tough and fibrous and have a scratchy feel that makes me want to spit it out) I have never prepared or been served mussels that were not de-bearded.  The chicken alfredo pasta and basil pesto was the best of the pastas - the alfredo sauce was very garlicky, which I loved.  The roasted duck had a sweet fruity taste, which was unexpected.  And the coq au vin was made with chicken, and was decently flavorful, but I've definitely had better.I won't be going back.
3	I feel bad giving this buffet three stars since it was my idea to go there.  My friends were late so I bought myself an Eiffel Tower of Margarita just outside the buffet to enjoy while waiting.  That was the best part o the entire meal.  For only $14.99, you can get a solid brain freeze. We had a larger party and apparently if you have more than 8 people in your party, they charge some insane amount of gratuity.  We were cheap so we split into two tables.  The crepes were decent and the prime rib was really yummy.  I had about 10 little creme brulee cups for dessert.The highlight/lowlight of my evening was my war with the crab.  Yes, Mr. Crableg (who was already cooked) won the battle.  I tried to crack the shell open and instead I got a deep cut on my index finger. Even after applying pressure on the wound for about 10 minutes, it was still bleeding. The bandaid on my finger ruined my sexy outfit for the evening.  Maybe I'm deducting stars because I'm still bitter about Mr. Crableg.
4	We ate here three of the four mornings we were in Vegas.  Tim loves this buffet for breakfast and looks really sad if we go somewhere else.  He loved the omelets and coffee.I don't eat eggs so as long as a buffet has hashbrown, bacon, fruit and if I am really lucky, the little waffles that I can put the fruit on, then I am good.  This buffet had all of those things and everything tasted good. This wasn't the premier meal of my life, it was just a breakfast buffet.  Nothing more, nothing less.
4	i like this place!!! its not all that great but it has a bunch of food you crave from like TV dinners lol!!! like mashed potatoes and meats and like various pastas! ahhaha they have salad and even a mediteranean food section. the meat from the mediteranean food section is pretty good. i like to go here just to grab a casual bite when i stay at paris. super cheap and u get to eat everything u want. they have seafood too... if you are a diamond player, they will bring you a lobster tail, the kind that is cut in half and baked with cheese or something. me and my bf love this place... its not the BEST BEST but it makes u feel like ur at home!
5	if you have not tried the buffet in Paris! u are so missing out!! I go back to this buffet everytime I'm In Vegas!!!! it's has what you would eat in Paris!!  i had no problems what so ever. the price is decent comapred to the other high priced buffets!!!  I would definately recommend this one!!
4	I always end up here and it never fails us.  It is consistent and I absolutely love the coffee.  There's not much to say about a buffet because all of the buffet's in Vegas pretty much accomplish the same thing... rid hangovers.Everything is fresh, eggs are good, coffee is good and that's all you need.
4	I like it, I do! Love the decor of the buffet - the tables, chairs, floor, etc etc!  It feels like you're in a quaint cafe somewhere not in Vegas, hmm maybe like France :] The food is great as well. Lots of choice and some good prime rib! The waitresses in their cute little dresses are quick on service, too. Really though, don't miss out on the prime rib cause it was bomb here. I usually don't go goo goo over prime rib, but here I did.They have a good dessert selection, too! And I'm a sucker for those sweets.
3	Every time I passed by this place, I would see a long line outside.  The line actually goes quickly and we only had to wait about 15 minutes or so.The food in this buffet was ok.  The only thing that I remember that was really good was the quiche.  Everything else that I tried (corn chowder, eggs, and I can't remember what else) was mediocre.I do remember that the desserts were not as good as I thought they would be...The flan was ok and the ice cream was good.  They also had this pie with black cherries that was really good, but everything else was eh.
4	I am not a buffet person. You'd think that because of my picky palette that I would be... but no. I usually find the food very bland and mediocre.While, the food here was nothing special, it was a beautiful location. The cobblestone, and the tables, it had a great setup. One of the nicest of the buffets I've been to in Las Vegas (and I've been going almost every year since I was 3 years old). That explains the third star.The fourth star is because of the kindness and customer service we received. My mother is somewhat of a kleptomaniac, except she asks before she takes. She was enamored with the coffee cups that the buffet had. They were very cute. She asked the waitress if she could buy them or take them, etc, and the waitress said, "One moment , let me check". Usually, when my mom does this, we are given rude responses. When the waitress returned, she gave my mother a set of 6 coffee cups for free. We left her a great tip, and my mom was very happy.This was around 2003 or so, and we still have the coffee cups. I wish I could say more about the food, but it's a buffet, that's about all I can say.
3	i'm not sure why i thought they would have the unlimited champagne brunch on a MONDAY.. but they don't and i was pretty upset.anyways for $38 for a lunch buffet for 2, its a pretty good deal. theres really nothing that stood out to me about this buffet. except for maybe the veal...that was worth going back for. and maybe the prime rib. they have all the usuals. the crepe area is pretty cool, but again, nothing special.... crepes aren't really that hard to make either... but its cool that they have that station there i guess. the rest of the desserts were okay. the flan was good. and a few of the cakes were alright. but nothing exciting. service is slow so you kind of have to track down your waitress, but thats fine...i was confused as to why they only had 2 restrooms (male and female)  you would think they would have multiple stalls at a buffet for obvious reasons... anyways, i think i'll only be back here to do their unlimited champagne brunch. otherwise i think id rather eat at a non-buffet restaurant or spend 10 bucks more and go elsewhere.
3	I ate at this buffet last year. It's a bit pricey for my taste, but for the variety of food that is offered, it's worth the price.
3	Good!
4	Even though it wasn't at it's height when we ate there last sunday - it still gets 4 *'s from me. We snuck in for 14.99 right as breakfast closed so we got to eat both the breakfast and lunch menu :) Here's the 'Great'- Crab Legs- Shrimp- Crepes- Mediterranean Section with grilled veggies, pita and hummusNot that 'Great' (but usually great)- Prime Rib (since we got there early, we got the end cuts which aren't as rare as the medium)- Mashed potatoes (seemed a little salty that morning) Safe Bet- BreakfastI continue to go back to this buffet !
1	the best item was steamed broccoli.  it ran out so often too.prime rib overcooked.roast duck overcooked.sweet potato thins soggy.cocktail shrimp also soggy.lamb chop dam dam salty.one large bowl of mixed fruit, no separation.every french-named item sucked. cauliflower au gratin tasteless and nuclear green.salmon roll was 90% dried stiff rice.roasted tomato had grill marks, but tasted cold.mashed potatoes had chewy unknown pieces. dessert section was filthy, uncleaned drips everywhere, sauces spilled into other sauces.crab leg section was disaster; old unpicked legs pile up under new legs, lemon slices looking ragged.out of the 15-20 items I ate, only 2 items were acceptable.I plunked down $27, but left un-full.
5	$25 Champagne Brunch: 11:00AM - 3:30PM; Sat-Sun1. Don't come hungover or you won't get your money's worth.2. You can keep asking for more champagne.3. Just don't be rude or break anything. *Slaps forhead*Anybody who doesn't enjoy bottomless champagne, I do not consider my friend.
3	Another buffet.   Three stars (I graded it relative to other buffets)My wife's first time in vegas-  so we were obligated to go to at least one buffet.We did breakfast at Le Village.  The layout was really nice - it was a pleasant eating space.While probably better than the average buffet - this place a few hits - and a lot more misses. The crepes looked good - although i passed.  The desert pastries were pretty good.  The corned beef has was really good.  The bread was good also.Scrambled eggs were more of a trainwreck than they usually are at a buffet.While it may have been naive of me to expect decent cheeses at a French themed buffet - the cheese was terrible.  It was flavorless.  Like jail food bad.Skip this place and go to Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast -also inside of Paris.
4	it was great, right pricing we went for breakfast and hmmmm it was good. french different than just the regular breakfast it was good for the price. So good that we went back for brunch a few hours before our plane left Vegas.. nice hotel from the lobby and casino area.. Le Village nice
4	My wife and I had a comp, so we ate here for breakfast one morning. The line appears long, but moves quickly. Great atmosphere!  Food was okay, lots of choices...  Including yogurt, fruit, and granola. Pastries were good, be careful with the eggs on the buffet - some were quite overcooked.  Meats like sausage and bacon were fine - tasty and not too smoky. Potatoes lyonnaise were fantastic!  I could have eaten a plate of those ...  Maybe with a pastry on the side. And some bacon. Oh, and some..   Grr... Too many choices!!  The crepe bar was slammed and I wanted to try it, but didn't feel like waiting.We enjoyed it so much, we went there for dinner a couple of days later.  The crab legs were fantastic, the crepe bar was serving desert crepes that were nice, and everything was pretty tasty.  I still think Bellagio is better, but as we were staying here we were pleasantly surprised.
4	Nice breakfast buffet that hit the spot when I was in need of a big breakfast the morning before my flight home.  I didn't feel like going to a restaurant or food vendor and pay $12 for something that I probably wasn't going to be happy and satisfied with, so for $15 I figured it be more worth to go to Le Village Buffet since they were next door to me at Paris while I was staying at Bally's.  I can't really dive into an in depth review because didn't have much.  I only stopped to eat a shrimp omelet, hash browns, French toast, and some sausages (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZkGDCVKSdf8m76cnnalL-A?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw).  Plus some nice fresh fruit after.  It was very filling and well worth the $15 plus coffee and OJ.  I can't say it's the best buffet out there, I'm still blown away from the Buffet at the Wynn, but I would definitely eat there again to satisfy a big appetite.
2	a very nice looking buffet in terms of decor, but the food presentation was bad, the food wasn't that great, and I didn't get to sit out where the nice decor was.
3	Went for the dinner buffet on a Sunday night. The decor and ambiance was really nice. Food was so - so. The usual fair that you expect at a buffet. Prime rib was good and flavorful though.Downside: Sort of messy, could of done a better job in presentation.Upside: Good desserts...crepe was really good and creme brulee was great.
5	This is by far the best buffet I've had in Vegas. We came here for breakfast and I LOVED their made to order crepes... Mmm drizzled in Nutella and banana.. Soo good! The atmosphere is nice, smaller than Planet Hollywood, but I like it. It feels like you're in France! I've never had any other meals here except for breakfast. It's cheaper than any other buffets too and their quality is great!
5	2 times I've been to Vegas = 2 times I visited Le Village Buffet for dinner. Incredible range of choices, reasonable price for the food/location/ambiance, and overall just a wonderful treat. The other buffet I tried was at Todai in Planet Hollywood which was also a good place, but Todai was an in-house buffet while  Le Village has a unique atmosphere which resembles, well, a cute little French village right inside the Paris hotel. I loved everything at Le Village, and with the wide variety of food, it's almost impossible to have room for desserts - but you simply have to. Those pretty, tasty, dreamy desserts are just too good to pass. Next time you're in Vegas, come to Paris and dine at Le Village. Then, if you feel like it, take the tour up the 1/2-sized Eiffel Tower to watch the entire Vegas sparkling at night. The dinner and tour will definitely remind you of how much you actually love Vegas ;)
4	Yum, yum, yum, I love buffets!  This one is up there on my list.  It had maaany different options to choose from, although most where french themed.  My favorites were the breads, the lamb, the creme brulee, the chocolate rimmed ice cream cones, the crab legs, the salad, the goat cheese, and last but not leas the Hummus! Yeah, I know, you say who eats hummus at a buffet?  Well, this was the best hummus I have ever had, and I don't even like hummus, AND I'm Greek...so there...eat hummus at this buffet.  I went here 2 days in a row, I don't usually do buffet twice in a weekend but my friend wanted to.  The first time we went for friday night dinner there was no line and I paid about $20 cause I got 5$ off from a reciept that I had from lunch at the hotel that day.  Saturday and Sunday they have champagne brunch even though they don't really advertise it...$26...and the line was huge.  The items I think you should not waste your stomach space on are the sushi (obviously, right?) the rice was nasty and the cheesecake.
4	We went for the Champagne Brunch.  Had to wait 30 minutes, no biggie.  For $25, this buffet was definitely satisfying.  We had a nice Asian waitress named Wendy who kept our glasses full.  We added fresh strawberries (that they hide in the very back, mind you, not with the other fruit) to our glasses for a nice touch.  The food was better than average.   Omelette and crepe bars were good, meats were good, crab legs or course always good.  We certainly got our money's worth.
4	Went here for breakfast after reading reviews in Frommers and was not disappointed. Different from other buffets that I have been to, they make things to order. For example, I was able to  custom order my omelet and a crepe. Price was good for the variety and quality. Loved their creme brulee, pate, potatoes, artichoke, olives, crepe! Service is not great but you dont really need service at a buffet so that did not deter me.
1	After waiting an hour in line for dinner buffet, I must say I was VERY dissappointed in the variety and quality of food and the service. All of the food was swimming in some kinda of sauce. The waitress kept forgetting to bring our drinks. It was so not worth $25 per person. I would have rather eaten a sandwich at the sandwich shop right across. Do not go here.
5	This place is by far one of the best buffets I've had in Vegas, for two main reasons: Reason #1: it's cheaper than most buffets; I believe for lunch it was $17 and dinner was around $23-$25, both excellent prices, especially for a Vegas buffet. Reason #2: the quality of the buffet is a lot better than the other buffets I've been to. They've got great variety plus everything is delicious, especially their prime rib (which is saying a lot because I am not the biggest fan of red meat). Sadly, I do not remember most of the things I got but I do remember enjoying my meal immensely.5 stars! I'll see you again soon Paris.
5	Dinner was $24.99 and is a great deal as far as great Las Vegas buffets are concerned! I rank this buffet slightly behind the Wynn and Bellagio buffets but this place is way cheaper! They tend to lean more torwards French cuisine and have items that other buffets just don't have. Their braised short ribs were great! For dessert I had a banana and blueberry crepe with powdered sugar and whipped cream. Great buffet at half the price of the Wynn and Bellagio buffets!
4	There's an abundance of chinese buffets in the Bay Area and they all offer mainly the same dishes.  Granted, the quality may differ, but in most cases, there's not much difference.I went to the Buffet at the Wynn last year and was overwhelmed by the choices available and the quality of the food so a Las Vegas buffet was on the list for this year's trip.  Upon arrival in Sin City, our first meal was at Le Village Buffet in Paris.  It's been years since I've been here and I couldn't see what was offered during the 30 minute wait in line.I was a bit PO'd about being seated at the far end of the room, until I took a peek at the grilling station right in front of us.  New York Steaks! Hot off the grill and incredibly moist. Just the steak here would've been worth the price of admission, but a quick trip around the buffet area and I found an abundance of crab legs (and not the skinny ones at the chines buffets), bbq ribs, fried chicken.It's been years since I've been in Tokyo and had a freshly made crepe so I made a beeline for the crepe station where there was an abundance of choices for a fruit and dessert crepes.  If a banana and nutella crepe isn't to your liking, there's a huge dessert stand in the center of the buffet.  While you have most of the standard fare like cheesecake and apple pie, you've got to make sure you grab a freshly baked cup (or two) of creme brulee!This was our one and only buffet stop during this trip because that was enough meat and seafood gluttony for the week!
4	Food: Everything a breakfast buffet should or would have. Fruits/eggs/selection of sausages/omelet/bagels/pastries/croissants/bacon/crepe/home fries/ i can go on and on. A bit biased for breakfast buffet cause I'm a big fan of breakfast buffets. So this review is solely based on breakfast and my bias. Drink: Juice/milk/coffee/tea. Coffee is disgustingly watered down. Service: Below average. Ask for juice/coffee and plates were cleared a bit slow. Came back to dirty plates after a fresh round. Crowd: I swear no one eats breakfast buffets but old people and me. That was seriously the crowd. 100 retirees and me (and my girlfriend who I dragged down).
5	I still remember this buffet from the last time I was in Vegas, 5 years ago. This visit, we made sure to fully enjoy the buffet. I took a tip from a fellow yelper. We went in at 10am, paying only for the low breakfast price, and stayed for lunch which started at 11am. I was so excited when it got close to 11am, what would happen? Would the food magically go from breakfast to lunch? I ate lightly for breakfast, saving my appetite for a hearty lunch. When 11am arrived, many of the main entree trays started being switched out. Bread trays were taken out and replaced with sushi. Pancakes were changed to herb roasted chicken. Ham was switched to Prime Rib. OMG! Was I dreaming? I had to pinch myself.They will ask you your drink choice when you pay to get in. Order coffee! The coffee is truly amazing! It has so much character, robust but not too dark. They give you a whole carafe! Wish I could've taken that home with me. The corned beef hash during breakfast is amazing! They kept running out of this. The herb roasted chicken, mashed potatoes and wide selection of vegetables really hit the spot. After all these buffets you need some vegetables to wash down the gluttony. The desserts are incredible - creme brulee (of course), flan, fresh made dessert crepes, and chocolate croissants. Skip the sushi. I've had better sushi from Safeway and sushi doesn't belong in a French buffet.2 hours of unlimited eating for $13.95/person. So worth it!Check out my other reviews on my food blog: http://www.yummysf.com/
3	Not the best Vegas buffet that I've been to, but it will have to do. They have your usual meat carving station and even crab legs, but most of the food was mediocre at best. I thought the lamb and prime rib was pretty good, but not amazing. The shrimp and crab legs were left for you to peel and crack on your own. Being the lazy person that I am, I didn't enjoy that too much, especially when the crackers were nowhere to be found. The one thing that I really enjoyed was the crepe station. They had made to order crepes, with your choice of fruit fillings or nutella. Being the greedy person that I am, I got two, which stuffed my stomach beyond capacity. It was not a good feeling. This was also before I enjoyed those delicious mini bread bowls filled with a seafood mix. I was impressed that they actually had macarons, which are quite laborious to make. Unfortunately, I was not impressed by how they tasted. They tasted very stale and the filling wasn't good at all. I guess it was to be expected because this was a buffet and not Bouchon Bakery. Le Village is a little bit cheaper compared to the other buffets in Vegas, but I think I would spend the extra few bucks to have a higher quality food product.
3	Typical casino buffet-Not nearly as good as Bellagio or Wynn but will definitely do if you are staying at ParisGood variety of different foods.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.  Servers were pleasant.
4	The first time that I ate here, I really really loved it, so I had to eat it again on my recent visit.  Sadly, it just wasn't the same.  It was still good, but just not as good as I remembered.  I remembered there being a much bigger variety when I was here two years ago, but on my most recent visit, it seemed lacking.  It seemed like it was a lot of the same meats and pastas.  The sushi also looked really unfresh so I stayed away from that.  The price was pretty good for dinner, so I decided to just load up on crab legs.  I would still definitely come here again because even though it wasn't the same, it was still pretty darn good.
2	NOT a good buffet.
4	I know how to work the buffets. Take one thing of each and then go back for what you like. That's the problem. I liked everything. The cheese and spinich ravioli were spicy and very big. The beef tenderloin was out of this world. The shrimp were a little small compaired to the Wynn. But I paid half that and the food was knocking at their door. Very fast clean up. A little slow on refilling the empty trays.
2	We were there this weekend for breakfast, and ended up having brunch due to the long line.  It was $24.99 for brunch.  The wait was long but the food was ok.  I like from a scale of 1 to 10, I give it a 6, compared to the Wynn which I give a 9.  A lot of their food lacked flavor.  The line was long and the dessert bar SUCKED!  I love dessert, and it is a 3 compared to the Wynn which i give a 10.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Taste wise, I did not care for it.  Our waitress was great, she was very busy, but she tried to keep up with our needs especially the mimosa refills, which I guess was the only good thing about the buffet because it was included and non stop refills.  I would have given this place a 3 star except for the situation that happened while we were waiting for a table.  Originally we had 4 people for the buffet, and a few of our friends joined us and it turned into 9.  Which after waiting for an hour and a half in line, we didn't want to wait for a larger table.  There was a large group in front of us maybe about 20 before we got there and they waited for a while for a table.  So we decided that we were going to split into 2 groups since we weren't going to leave the restaurant at the same time anyways.  So we told our waitress that we wanted to go from 9 people into 2 groups of 4 and 5.  Well, when we told her that she got mad, but we weren't even next in line for a table.  We were maybe about 10 people behind being next.  So we did ask if we can get seated near each other if possible but when we told her, Marta the hostess got all mad at us and started giving us dirty looks.  We were then seated and a few minutes later my friends that met us up there were seated as well, they were seated on the opposite side of the restaurant where there was another table that was vacant the whole entire time they were there even before they were seated.  So Marta could have seated us together but she didn't and while we were eating the whole time she kept giving us dirty looks.  We later realized that if it was a party of 8 people or more the gratuity charge is 18%.  So we were given bad service with dirty looks because our hostess wasn't going to get the 18% gratuity charge.  I have been to Rio and the Wynn's buffet, and never at any of the other two buffets had we had bad service due to a gratuity charge.  Like I said you get what you pay for.  And another thing that I almost forgot to mention if you are looking for the omelet station, look at the dessert bar, because it's not near where the savory food is, but if you are looking for the crepe bar, it is next to where the savory food are and oh don't get banana's for your crepe, because they are brown and mushy.
5	This is my favorite buffet of all that I've had in Vegas.  I love their breakfast buffet!  They have a great assortment of food: crepe bar, eggs, pastries, omelets, fruits, fish, potatoes in all varieties, biscuits and gravy, etc, etc.  And their scrambled eggs are aaammmaazing!  They're light, fluffy and creamy.  I swear they use real cream in them.  It can be pricey but my favorite time to go is first thing on the weekend before the champagne brunch starts, that way you can get the same food for half the price.
4	We came here for breakfast the last morning in vegas. The service was fast and very nice. There was a huge selection of food, about everything you could ever think of wanting for breakfast and more. Unfortunately they switched out the food while we were eating to the lunch menu. I was hungover and tired didn't want lunch, just breakfast! So we left, probably better anyways i didn't need to eat anything more. If ever staying at the paris hotel again i would come here again.
4	Damn good buffet if you are trying to change it up.  The line was a little long when I went at around noon on a Saturday.  However, our large group got to skip the line since they were trying to fill up tables.Highlights: great raw seafood - shrimp, snow crab, etc.  The flan was damn good as well as the crepe area.For ~$25 this is a great way to get fat.  Also, this was for the champagne brunch - which is a fun way to start the day and watch the hungover people in your group cringe.  I'm not a fan of champagne at my buffet because I am there to get my grub on.  Definitely a place to go if you're bored of Wynn or Bellagio.
3	Every time I pass by this place or eat at this buffet, the line is extremely long. I do not know why, the food is not that good. You are better off going to The Big Kitchen Buffet next door. The line is not that long and the food is way better.
4	Quite delicious and a decent price for Vegas.  We went for the Champagne Brunch and our ambition was to arrive early enough to pay the breakfast price and rollover into lunch/brunch, heh. but our intentions to wake up early in Vegas after a night out drinking was a poorly planned one. We arrived at 10ish, but the line was loooooong.  I believe we waited about an hour and got to the cashier just after brunch started so we paid the full $25 pp.  I think it's one of the prettiest dining areas for a buffet I've ever been to.  It's set to look like a lovely French village with painted skies, gardens and shops.  It really is quite quaint. and comfortable.  There was a nice variety of food.  The grilled veggie and meat station wasn't very good (meat was very dry), but the pastas, risotto, carved meats, and salads were reportedly delicious.  I wouldn't know.  I gorged myself on crab legs (they were salty and sweet and tender. yum!) and breads (yummy pretzel rolls and hard rolls).  They had a nice variety of desserts, the usual cakes and pies and icecream machine (but nice dipped cones with sprinkles and such) and mini creme brulees.  I was bad and took two creme brulees with the intention of only scraping off the very topmost crisp burnt sugar layer. :D
3	Not a bad deal - $40 for 2 people with two mimosas.   My husband and I ate to our hearts content - we got there at around 11am, and ate for what seemed like an eternity.  Since it was lunch time, we got a mishmosh of things:  crepe with everything (YUM!); gnocchi, salad, grilled veggies, dolmas, hummus and other dips, pita, all sorts of dessert and breads.  Seriously we had the worst food coma - I fell asleep in the elevator on the way back to our hotel.  I woke up four hours later to go get married. =)
3	Paris' champagne brunch buffet was good, but it doesnt hold a candle to Rio's carinal buffet ...::sigh::... It was 24.99 and the line was an hour wait.  One of the cashiers came around and told us for $5 extra, we can go to the Diamond line and get right in.  So that's what we did, we dont do this stand in line business ...::shakes head::...  It had a nice selection of food but not a huge variety.  They had a meat carving station and I swear the roast beef was raw.  My friend got a slice and it was RED.  She moved it to another plate because obviously she wasnt going to eat it and there was a little puddle of blood.  Umm can you say MoOoOo....?! Their pasta was good and I liked that they had an omelette station.  Seeing that Rio's buffet is the same price, I will stick to them.au revoir paris....
2	Nothing really to write home about here...I think this is a French inspired buffet (oh gee, who would have guessed?) that does a variety of things including pastas, meats, potatoes, and exotic vegetable dishes, none whose name I can remember. Oh, and you have to peel your own shrimp for the shrimp cocktail.Dessert wasn't bad though, with ice cream, creme brulee, eclairs, and various other pastries. I probably won't be going back, and will just direct my party to the better buffets and restaurants around.
5	The reason this  received five stars is we are not able to find anything wrong with this buffet.   We have been here several times and the food is consistently wonderful.   Great selections of high quality foods.   The made to order crepes and creme brule is out of this world.   They have a great selection of carving meats and of course they have "Coq Au Vin."   Don't miss the high quality cheeses and grilled veggies.
4	I thought this was awfully good as Vegas buffets go and not too pricey. Being the hotel is named Paris, they have some items loosely labeled as authentic French food. Authentic? Not really, but hey this is Vegas and it is what it is. For the roughly $20 cost, the handmade crepes and coq au vin was pretty darn tasty and authentic or not, I frikkin stuffed myself on it. Other good choices were the carved prime rib, eggs benedict, decent sized peel and eat shrimp and the mini creme brulee. It was packed most times we went but the line moves quick and the table service was prompt. We were so happy with this buffet, we didn't bother going out to sample the other hotel's buffets.
3	Ah, quite disappointing! The line was long and totally not worth it. Yelp, you've let me down this time!Wynn Buffet is much better... this is just pretty average =/
4	As with any good buffet, the problem is that I simply can't eat enough. Paris' buffet is broken up into different stations. While I've had a lot of better buffets in Vegas, Paris' is still pretty darn good. If you are into crab legs, this is your buffet. Friends that love their crab tell me that this place is great for that.Hubby and I went for Champagne Brunch and our waitress was way cool. She kept pouring the bubbly until we said to stop! ;) The crepes, as always, are great. I didn't get to the meat carving station but hubby said that his pork tenderloin was fantastic!I only wish I would have saved room for dessert as they have an extensive dessert section. Next time. Because, for the price, I know I'll be hitting Paris' buffet again.
3	If you're on the strip and don't want to wander off to the superior buffets at the Rio or Wynn and you just have to have a buffet or ELSE, his a fine enough place to have a belt-loosening amount of food.  There are provincial French dishes like coq au vin, but a lot of it was varied, generic dishes.  Not that it's a bad thing -- it was delicious for the most part.The desserts are pretty bland, though.  Like Sizzler-level cheap. The prices jack up after early morning and don't include liquor in the opening costs.  That was frustrating.
5	A must-have!!! The food was so well cooked, lots of veggie and healthy options. Ambience is awesome - it's got an evening feel to it!! We had the breakfast buffet there. The queue was long - had to be in line for about 30mins before our turn came but totally worth it!! Absolutely great value for money!!
5	I've been to Vegas many, many times and I've tried many places to eat.  The Paris buffet is by far the best value for your money.  I go at least once on every trip.  Brunch, dinner...it's all great!  The desserts are a must!  Do not miss out.  (I'm not big on desserts, by the way).  Creme brulee is very well executed and one of my favorites.  The service has always been friendly and attentive and the atmosphere is what I expect in Vegas.  ALWAYS A GREAT AND SATISFYING EXPERIENCE...from someone who's not so easy to please.
1	Le Village Buffet No More!  I went three times in the past, never had such a poor experience, I guess the economy plays a part of the downhill of this buffet.  Crab legs were frozen, very little seafood in the dishes, not much veggies hot or cold, the only fruit available was watermelon which is sad coz all other buffets at least carry two variations, o by the way, people were putting their hands on the melon coz there weren't any salad claw to use, and when I tried to tell the guy at the station, he just looked at me and looked away!  And pardon me....French Buffet?  I don't think so, it's more Italian than French I have to say.  I guess those carbs from pizza and many types of pastas do fill you up, that's why they fill the buffet with carbs, smart move to get more $$$ from you for less huh?  I don't think the French are that into eating that much carbs, fellow diners are very rude, and this buffet is sure not worth the 30+ we paid for.  Rio/Wynn/Bellagio is much better!
4	I went here last August 09. For the price of 35 something bucks..sorry can't remember the exact. Well it was good. So while hovering around, trying to figure out what to eat... I saw the sushi bar..and god do I love sushi. They had to frequently keep making more because they would be gone. Not the greatest but pretty okay. What's also good here was the NY steak strips which is across from the crab legs in ice. Those were good.  Oh and the desert buffet..mmm...they had creme brulee and other goodies. I hovered around that for a while.
1	What happened??  A couple of years ago this was one of the best buffets on the strip?  Now, you still have the same old line, the same old price, but the food is crap!  There is hardly any seafood, and what they do have is mediocre.  The rest of the "french" food doesn't even come close to living up to it's billing. You know what's sad?  I remember the desserts being so good that I stuffed myself with them even though I was way past my limit.  Now?  Let's just say they aren't far from Hometown/Old Country Buffet's quality.  It may be worth it if they charged 1/3 of their dinner price, but c'mon now! I don't know what recent yelpers think is good food, but this is not it.  Spend you $$$ elsewhere!
4	This was delicious and very worth the money. Lots of food and we came at the right time too! I think we got there around 11 or 12ish and we got to eat breakfast and lunch as they switched to lunch around 12 or 1ish. My timing is probably off, but whatever, we got there at a great time is my point =)It was only the second buffet we ate at and it had a line so it meant it was good.
3	SO DISAPPOINTED. The food was so mediocre. I literally couldn't get some things down my throat .. and I'm extremely easy to please.First off, I have to say their sushi selection is pitiful. They had sushi rolls with a piece of cucumber + rice. No real fish. And a california roll (Avocado so old it was brown). But fine fine.. this is a french buffet.. so lets critique the french food. I think the only thing that was good was the ratatouille, some of thier pasta, quiche, and the shrimp. Otherwise this whole buffet was a disappointed. Food was SO bland. All the food was luke warm and had been sitting out for so long. Most of the times you couldn't even tell what you were scooping up because nothing was labeled!!!Maybe it was a slow night? It was a Sunday night and there were NO lines and lots of empty tables for a 6pm dinner!!! So I think the food was sitting out for a long time. The most disgusting part was the piles of cold, burnt,  grilled vegetables soaked in oil. I can say thier desserts were a bit better. But after tasting bouchon's bakery (Venetian) - I  was utterly disappointed.Me and my friends actually did not eat very much because the quality of food was so sketchy we didn't think it was worth tryingI heard the champagne brunch is good on Sundays. Maybeeeee I will try that. Price wise, one of the cheaper buffets in Vegas. Only $25 for dinner.
4	Creme brulee!!!! was the best! and their lemon meringe (donno how to spell it) pie! haha :)
4	We arrived for Sunday Brunch about 11 am and had a 2 hour wait. $24.99 plus tax per person. Apparently there was a party of 70 that must have been seated when we arrived. I liked the selection and variety they had. I agree the sushi selection was pitiful, but I was surprised they even had a selection. Sushi is not what I think of when I go to Paris. I tried the handmade crepe and really enjoyed it. I also had a ton of crab. It was very flavorful and not watery like some places. I wasn't sure if it was a champagne brunch or not and finally had to ask someone. Then I had to ask the waitress for some. Once I'd done that, she was good about keeping it coming. Overall I really enjoyed it and would go back. I would just try to show up earlier.
2	I was really looking forward to some awesome French food at this buffet... but besides the crepes and creme brulee, I really didn't find any. It was really disappointing and my dad kept complaining about the lack of variety of food options too.There was a huge line but we opted to pay $10 more for the 'express' line which was not worth it. We definitely would've crossed the street for some Bellagio buffet goodness instead and give them the extra $10 bucks.The service was crappy too, I felt bad for the servers who were mostly older ladies. I saw one of them limping while she walked and it was worse because she had to carry heavy-ass plates and cups back and forth. She even came by to tell us that she was exhausted from working since 6 am that morning (it was 3 pm at the time). And because of that, I shall forgive her for pouring my requested apple juice into the cup that used to hold my dad's orange juice. No wonder it tasted funky.My favorite part was definitely the creme brulee and crepes as others have mentioned. My dad really liked the cocktail shrimp, he said he's never seen such a clean shrimp before.The place was cute and everything but the buffets at the Wynn and Bellagio are definitely more worth your money.
2	We ate at this place about 3 years ago and back then they had great food, variety and service. We were very excited to go back there. However this time it was quite disappointing. The place is rundown. Food is nothing special and desserts are limited. I did not try crepes because the line was too long. The service is worse too. Waiters are inattentive and I saw people around us cleaning their own tables. Another striking change is their hostesses - all Hispanic mean looking and incredibly bossy, they were treating their customers like dirt. Would not return there... Bellagio or Wynn are much better places. BTW la village buffet tickets are available at TIX4tonight at discounted price. Regular lunch price is $17.99 - discounted is $14.99 BUT IT DOES NOT WORTH IT.
2	We waited in line for 2+ hrs for what ended up being very average food. The variety of food was also a let down. Overall, a huge disappointment. There are PLENTY of other buffet's that are way better than this one, such as the Wynn and Bellagio.
3	By all rights, I should be an arachnid crustacean right now.  One smothered in drawn butter.  That's if you subscribe to the notion that you are what you eat.  Fortunately, I'm not all spiny with eight appendages and an exoskeleton.  God.  Just thinking about buying a whole new wardrobe to fit is making my brain hurt.Although I may have come close to eating my own body weight in crab legs and shrimp cocktail*, as well as guzzled nearly a bottle of champagne all by myself**, I question whether or not I managed to make up for the $25 + $15 "express pass" cost of entry to the buffet.  Apparently this joint competes on the basis of unlimited bubbly, not on the quality of its food.  To be expected for a has-been casino/hotel like Paris, I suppose.If one is willing to wait through the excessive lines for regular admittance at the standard $25 price point, it's probably a solid value.  My party was not, but... hey... time is money, no?  Here's me not laying claim to my frugal Asian roots.Recommended for those with superhuman patience, or for alcoholics with a wad a cash burning a hole through their pockets.  Otherwise, roll yourself over to the Wynn's buffet instead.* This is a patent lie.** This may or may not be a patent lie.
3	A good variety of food. Loved the desserts. The food is not exactly French cuisine like many people think except for the desserts.
3	Not a place I would go back to, at least for brunch, which was about $18 per person on Friday. We arrived at 10 and had a 10 minute wait.I liked the selection and variety they had (fruits, eggs, sausages, bacon, omeletes, bagels, pastries, potatoes, biscuits, smoked salmon, yogurt, ice cream in chocolate covered cones w/ almond sprinkles etc). The handmade crepe was good, even though the fruit inside kept falling out. The pastries didn't look very appetizing, and the ones that were did not taste very good.Nice staff. The juice and coffee kept coming. Plates were cleared quickly.Cute decor. Great atmosphere. Feels like evening. Food was nothing special compared to other places on the strip, though.
1	Review for the $40 holiday buffet (New Years) but was compedHorrible experience.  The salad was nothing special, food was nothing special and dessert was nothing special.  Service was close to non existence.  They had "lobster" for their NY holiday buffet which was the only good thing to eat but was limited to only one per person.  We asked our waiter if we could have a second one because the group of 10 next to us received seconds from their waitress but our waiter told us only limit one.  Typically a bad buffet will end up with good dessert but they didn't even have real ice cream.  What they had was some custard soft serve.  I sure would not be coming back here again.
3	We had the "champagne brunch" on a Saturday morning.  We waited for about 30-45 minutes in line, which kind of sucked, but it was OK.  The best part of the meal was the free (and very liberal) multiple champagne refills.  We also really loved our server, who was very attentive, especially for a buffet.The food was pretty not good, though.  I really wanted a good crepe, but it wasn't good at all.  If I weren't riding the champagne buzz, it's doubtful that I would have enjoyed the meal haha.  We went here bc we didn't want to shell out for the Bellagio or Wynn, but perhaps we should have.  Hmm.
3	$24.99 for dinner is honestly a lot of money for me for a buffet. But it was worth it.  Roast lamb, duck, veal, crabs, everything gourmet. Yum Yum Yum! I'm deducting one star because the service was HORRIBLE!!!!!! I mean absolutely the worst service and it's a buffet. Honestly, how hard is this??Oh freshly made crepe! I would go maybe if I had money to spare but I would want to try Wynn or Bellagio first.
5	always always go here! where else can you create your own crepe!
3	yeah, they had made to order crepes and the standard buffet type foods, but things didn't seem as fresh or as delicious as the famed vegas buffet fables we had heard prior to our experiences.  it wasn't complete suckage, so it's worth a lunch or maybe a breakfast.  but meh.  i mean, at one point i remembered going to ponderosa steak house as a kid.  take that as you will.  i loved that place when i was a youngin, but is it really good?right.
4	I'm really picky about my buffets. They have to have good QUALITY food over QUANTITY food. I don't care for places like the Rio where there is an abundance of food but the quality SUCKS! Another important factor is price. I don't feel like spending nearly $50 on a buffet. There's no way I can eat $50 worth of food in my opinion.Which leads me to the Paris buffet. I came here during the lunch hour which on a weekend is called brunch. Spent about $27 which is adequate price for a Vegas buffet. Although some places are much more higher and some are even cheaper.The ambiance is fantastic. You almost feel like your in Europe sitting in a little cafe with other tourist. You feel like your not in Vegas at all. It's quite cute actually.The quality of the food is fantastic!! It's cooked very well I didn't eat anything I didn't like. I tried as much as I could. I was very fond of the 2 different types of chicken they had. Baked and roasted. They were both so tender and juicy. So full of flavor! Their pesto pasta was quite awesome too. They also have a decent tasty quiche!!The best part of the buffet had to be the desserts though. They have such an array of desserts and everything tasted so delicious! They had cheesecake, flan, chocolate/vanilla ice cream, cookies, baked goods, fruit, and my personal favorite, CREME BRULEE!!The creme brulee tasted awesome. My boyfriend loved the flan. I was actually quite impressed with the vanilla soft serve ice cream. It was very yummy and had a french vanilla flavor to it.Service is great and the food is great. You should really check this place out. Save a few bucks and come here instead of the Wynn or Bellagio. You won't be disappointed!
2	Rolled into Vegas for CES and heard good things about this buffet, plus we were staying close by at Bally's and had a coupon for dinner to boot.  Looking good, right?   Um .. not so much.   The food was ok, but nothing remarkable.   Crab legs were salty, the prime rib was too far well done, and the duck/lamb/chicken were on the tough side.  I did like the grilled vegetables, potatoes, and sides, but I can't fill up on those at a buffet.   I was looking forward to the desserts but they looked and tasted like it had been sitting out for a while. Maybe I went on an off night and breakfast is a better deal, but I probably won't be back.  Sure, the Bellagio buffet is twice as much, but I'd much rather eat there for dinner instead.
3	A champagne brunch on Sunday here with gratuity costs $34 per person (we were in a large group).If you like cold seafood like crab legs and shrimp cocktail, this is the place for you. For others who don't, there are quite a few other things you can try that will tingle your taste buds. For example, the crepes are great. Have one with nutella and banana, or try the pasta or any of the breads they have. The Greek food station was average, and they skimped on the chicken in the fetuccini. I thought they lacked a bit of variety. Service was great though and the champagne was actually nice (not the cheap stuff that tastes like cheap wine with fizz).Overall, an average experience, and a bit over-hyped.
4	We were going to come here at noon on a Sunday, but we somehow got there at 2:30 instead.  Even at 2:30, there were a lot of people there, and we had to wait 45 minutes in line.  It turned out that this wasn't necessarily a bad thing.When we finally got to eat, we got the tail end of the brunch period, and they were switching the brunch food out for dinner food.  If you want to save money, come here at the end of lunch on a weekday, and eat the dinner stuff for relatively cheap.There was a lot of expensivish food, like crab legs, bouillabaise, and various carved meats.  All of these were pretty good, although not really anything to write home about.  Unfortunately, I decided to fill up on the gnocchi, risotto, and onion soup (which were quite good) first, which didn't leave much room.The desserts, including the crepe station, were awesome.  Probably my favorite part of the buffet.Overall, the buffet was quite good.  Although the food wasn't spectacular, I had a lot of it, and it was definitely worth the $25 or so that I spent.  Also, brunch on weekends includes champagne.Unfortunately, I don't really have any basis for comparison, as this is the only buffet I've been to in at least 3 years.  I'd probably also like to try the buffets at Wynn and Bellagio next time.
3	Wasn't horrible but wasn't fabulous either.  We went here on a Friday for lunch.  We were staying at the Bally's so we got these $5 off coupons for this buffet.  Ended up being $14 a person so really can't complain.They had a crepe bar which was pretty great but only sweet crepes.  Great selection but once again, food wasn't amazing.  I think the only thing I had seconds of was the pasta area, oh and the soft serve ice cream of course!
3	Our group of four decided to try the brunch buffet at the Paris since we heard it was unlimited champagne. It made the $25 price tag worth it to us just for that fact! We arrived around 11:30 pm on a Saturday morning, so while there was a line, it moved pretty quickly and we only waited for around 15 minutes. By the time we left around 1 pm, the line was much much longer. Service was the best I have ever received at a buffet - our waitress kept the champagne flowing and the orange juice glasses full.Overall, I found the food very underwhelming, especially the pastries. I was expecting good pastries at the Paris buffet, but was disappointed with the pain au chocolat that my husband and I split. The eclair was better, but still not amazing. The hash browns were practically burnt and chilly by the time I got to them in line. The farfalle pasta with pesto was by far the best thing I ate at the buffet. One of our friends got the crab legs, but ended up not being able to eat them due to not being able to get a cracker for them. Also, I would have liked brie since there was baguette. If there was brie and I missed it, it was hidden.I'm glad we tried this buffet and I really appreciated all the champagne, but there are better brunch or lunch options on the Strip.
4	Came back here a few weekends ago for lunch. Doh! We missed breakfast and had to pay $25 for lunch but it's okay.They had many items but service this time was a notch lower because we were seated in the back where the "vip" table was. I'm not even sure if they are VIP, but they seemed to be treated like they were. Table covering, champagne bottles, plates of crab legs brought to them, most of the service was directed towards them.. Booooo!! Hello, we're here too!Anyway, the food was the same as last time.. but our appetites were smaller as we were in the mindf rame for breakfast-type foods.Overall, definitely come here because the food is good and the lines are always long, but try to figure out the time frames for breakfast and lunch cut-off so you will pay for breakfast but get lunch too.. or pay for lunch, but get dinner too. =)
5	Eating quality food in Vegas can get really pricey, so we researched some places on-line to eat Breakfast at. We eventually found Le Village at Paris and decided spending $16 for a Breakfast Buffet sounded like a great deal compared to other places where you could spend $16 a plate. Unfortunately, we arrived late and decided we didn't want to pay the $25 for their Champagne Brunch buffet, so we left and decided we would come back the next day.So, the next day we woke up early and headed over to Paris. We got in easily, the staff was courteous and didn't hoover and there was a great quantity of food as well as great quality. All in All I have to say this is the best breakfast buffet place I have ever eaten at.
1	Don't go expecting French food.  It's all pretty much industrialized American food, sometimes with a brief nod toward something vaguely French.  The bouillabaisse was about the best thing on the Sunday brunch menu, and it was pretty gritty.  Steak with veal sauce, also good.  Creme brulee had been torched prettily, but was not crisp by the time I had mine.Went back for breakfast...not sure why.  It was terrible.  Soggy tarts from the night before, lots of heavy American food.  The corned beef hash tasted like it had rotted a bit.  Also would hate for anyone to think the gummy little crepe wrapper was anything like the real thing.Service both times was below par.  Had to ask twice for our drinks and flag down server for extra napkins.Go to Mon Ami Gabi in the same casino and get a real meal and good service for about the same money.
3	Note to self: breakfast buffet ($15.99) starts at 7am and runs till 11am. It's not until 11am to 3:30pm on Saturdays and Sundays that champagne brunch ($24.99) is served. Needless to say, Jon A. and I got there a little earlier than we should have since we were talking up how much champagne we'd guzzle while we were there.Misunderstood time aside, the breakfast buffet was actually pretty good! There was no wait at 8:00 AM on a Saturday, and we helped ourselves out to the bagels with lox (assemble yourself), goat cheese, made-to-order crepes, and all kinds of potato- and egg-derived breakfast foods, some of which happened to have a French-American twist. Multiple varieties of turkey sausage are available, too, which was nice since I didn't want to feel gross from eating too much pork sausage. The sliced ham was a pleasant surprise, and the corned beef hash was also tasty. The pastry selection impressed me, but I opted to skip them for more protein. The cones available for soft serve (vanilla or chocolate) are sugar cones with different combinations of sprinkles, chocolate shell, and other fancy-looking edible decorations.The service was on the good side of average: our waitress was friendly and seemed to sincerely want to please, but it did take a couple tries to get refills on our orange juice. All of the waitstaff are wearing uniforms in what I suppose is French dress as interpreted by Americans.Fake sky above you, and food stations scattered around: both contributed to the informal, casual atmosphere. We didn't feel rushed, and we weren't even worried that we were too early for the champagne brunch!The verdict: Le Village is a decent place to have a chill breakfast, and it won't break the bank. Bring your appetite with you!
2	Saturday morning, 9:30 AM, a one hour wait for the following: - a made to order omelet, made mostly of oil. not edible -crepes w/chocolate & banana which were tasty though it's hard to go wrong w/flour, sugar and water. the crepes were probably the best thing about the buffet. - a veggie fritatta that was also not really edible. hard & crusty around the edges, it tasted like it had been sitting out from the day before. - bland yet somehow over salted room temperature hash browns - haggard and unhappy looking employees. - windowless! hard to breathe! Overall, I'm confused by all the good reviews, a lot of sites even call Le Village Buffet, Vegas's best buffet! Yikes! Even at $14.99 per person, not nearly worth it. Although I don't eat meat, I can tell you if I did I would definitely not be partaking in it here! Wow, did it look bad. Basically, on par with cafeteria food. After eating here, my husband and I both successfully lost our appetites for the rest of the day. So perhaps a good stop for the beginning of a diet?
5	The buffet at Paris outdoes itself. The food is fantastic. One of the moistest, tenderest roasted chicken I've had anywhere. One of our must-eats when in Vegas. The decor is getting a little old but I guess that's Paris for you... things get better with age... i hope!
5	By far, THE BEST breakfast buffet in Vegas. They've got it all.Benedict, Crepes, eggs, all meats, wonderful desserts. I would not suggest this buffet at dinner time, but for lunch, you CAN NOT MISS IT!
3	bought discount coupon from the half-count discount booth so lunch buffet is ~$17.  nothing special, but probably a good deal for those who like buffets.the waitresses tend to be older.  they spend a lot of time hanging around talking and they seldom collect the used plates.  i bus my own plate once.
4	I really liked the buffet at the Paris, but then again I don't know if I would be the best judge because I stuck to only a few items on the buffet line.  But, for what it's worth, I really enjoyed the few items I got!  I got two large serving of the roasted lamb and mint jelly.  The lamb was nicely seasoned and so juicy.  On the side I had 3 kinds of potatoes: glazed fingerling-sized sweet potatoes, yukon gold mashed potatoes, and leek mashed potatoes--all were really delicious.  I was also excited to see that they offered stone crab claws that day.  Even though I never tried them before, I could tell that the quality were not the greatest.  But hey, I was just excited to eat multiple bowls!  I didn't get to make a crepe or omelet at their respective stations, but I liked the idea of having both available.  The only downside was the service which started off being inconsistent but gradually improved as the meal progressed.Between the crab legs, the lamb, the champagne, and the fact that it all cost under $30 with tip (which is a lot cheaper than the Bellagio), i would say that I had a really good experience at Le Village Buffet and I hope that I will have the chance to come back.
4	At the suggestion of many Yelpers, we hit the Le Village Buffet at about 11am on a Saturday. The line was pretty long when we came in, I guess as a result of people trying to take advantage of the breakfast/lunch switchout. We hadn't planned on doing that but it ended up happening anyway! Your enjoyment of any buffet is contingent upon managing your expectations. For Le Village Buffet, this can be summed up as such: Do not expect French cuisine! Done.That being said, the stuffed crepes were by far the star, but I also loved the mini quiches and of course the standard breakfast fare of potatoes, bacon, sausage, etc. The desserts were also plentiful and delicious.
2	To be fair, I have been to this Buffet in the past and it has been amazing, but this trip left much to be desired. We arrived at a perfect time so we only waited about 5 mins for a table (usually its 30 mins+). I would have given this place a 1 star, but for the delicious Prime Rib. If you are brave en ought ask for a large portion and like Prime Rib, then this place might be worth it for you, otherwise not so good. The crepe bar sounds fantastic, but the server was making them too fast and not letting the fillings heat up, which gave a bad texture and taste to the crepes. There are other buffets that I would recommend over this one after this trip. MGM brunch comes to mind.
3	This place is a lot cheaper than the top end buffets. Food was pretty good for a buffet - if you really want to be *savoring* rather than *shoving* food down your gullet then don't go to a buffet. Also, it's really only worth coming here for brunch/lunch. Can't really have crepes for dinner...or can you?
5	This was a very popular spot the morning we chose to eat breakfast here.  So popular, in fact, that the CEO of Harrah's Entertainment decided to eat here.  Now, we didn't see him, but since we were the only people eating in a particular private room, the staff moved us to a table in the main area of the restaurant, and we were comped for both of our meals!  Le Village Buffet is very cute and looks just like a Parisian street or French village street.  It is very Disney (reminded me of "Beauty and the Beast") but nonetheless, I liked the ambiance.  There were many food stations and options.  There were even healthier options, like a melange of fruit, oatmeal, cottage cheese, smoked salmon, etc.  My favorite foods were the savory bread puddings (with spinach, cheese, and sausage) and the turkey sausage with sweet potatoes (sounds weird, but trust me, it was good).  I probably would have only given the restaurant four stars if it weren't for the comp, but I would definitely recommend it for breakfast.  If you have a breakfast buffet in Las Vegas, come to the Paris.
5	Excellent Breakfast/Brunch buffet. Decent prices, considering its on the strip. Excellent food! Great desserts. They make terrific crepes too.
3	I don't think this place is the ish as some people say. I have tried this place a few times, and always leaving feeling as though it was mediocre. Maybe you have to go for b-fast??Grilled veggies, meaterie, pasta station, crab legs (pre-cracked), shrimp (not peeled), small sushi station, dessert (of course, it's paris!), crepe station, omelette station, breakfast food (waffles, eggs benedict), salad.The salad station was pretty pathetic, there were hardly any toppings and all high fat dressings. No croutons either. The grilled veggies were delicious, though. The crepe station line is uber long, big downer. The good thing is that it IS one of the cheaper buffets, I guess I feel like you get what you pay for. Or if you're hungover from a long night of Vegas-style partying, a lil grease could only make you feel better.Yummilicious Factor= B-
2	while waiting in a long line to get inside and seeing the $25 price for the lunch buffet i thought to my self, hm, this must be good....they asked what i wanted to drink and printed it on my receipt at the register, "buff pepsi" (no idea...)no variety of fish, food was 'meh'... breakfast was 'meh'... food was just 'meh'good things: crab legs were pre-cut so all u had to do was snap em... as a crab leg lover, i sincerely appreciated that.  didnt like: shrimp wasnt peeled for me! i mean costco shrimp in the party tray is peeled, why not this buffet shrimp?? also it was pretty dark in there.  no cheesecake! waitresses looked weird in their outfits... and there wasnt nearly enough mirrors to look at myself in, unlike the wynn buffet.all in all it was a very 'meh' experience. dont think id come here again.
4	Another day another buffet. Oh yes.This buffet is definitely more like a normal buffet, some good items, 1 or 2 excellent, and the rest just meh. I give it more points though because there were more unusual items and I found some things I really liked. Still though, at 25 it's not a bad one to go to. I found enough things to make my tummy happy anyways.Sunday night I waited about 45 minutes to get in. Their line is situated right in front of their buffet with a good view of the inside. So you can kinda see what the place looks like and all. Basically looks like the rest of Paris, so I was kinda excited to be able to eat in a cute quaint "Parisian" atmosphere. Ok so i've never been to Paris, but ya get what I'm talking about. Unfortunately I was shunted off to the side room near the bathroom so that just left the eating part to indulge in.The stations are all divided into certain areas of Paris with slightly different themes, the dessert station is smack in the middle near the fruit and salad and crab legs station. The best things were the snow crab legs, and the crepes. I don't particularly like king crab legs since they tend to be drier and less flavorful. Snow crab legs are smaller and more work, but I think worth it. They cut slits in the legs here so it wasn't that hard to crack and the meat pulled right out. I really could've eaten so much of this but I didn't want to fill up tooo much. Crepes were made to order, fruity dessert crepes made in a weird location though. Right inbtwn dinner food and not at the dessert area. You picked the stuff inside, they make it, then you top it off with whatever you like. Whipped cream, nuts, fudge, caramel and other things.There were other things that were pretty decent, but not excellent. At the end I noticed that they had a crayfish dish! I had seen the dish before, but no crayfish since someone prolly picked them all out. Boo...I would've loved to just eat those. Plenty of veggies here also, cooked in several different ways. A cheese platter area, and different types of bread. Desserts were decent, the mini fruit tart was tasty. Brownies too.Good priced buffet for what you get. Hehe I might come back just to ransack the crayfish dish.
2	First time buffet experience in Vegas:2 hour line at 1p.m. on Saturday...and it wasn't spring break.Price:  $30 including taxExpress line:  Pay additional $10 to not stand in line...not worth it.Highlights:Sausage and Crepe station.  Everything else was mediocre...and for $30, recommend going to the Crepe restaurant across from this location, which will save you $20 and a 2 hour line.
2	This was our favorite buffet on the strip until now. I think it rated so poorly  due to no fault but our own. After reading the reviews and tips on here we thought we would try the "arrive just when lunch is changing to dinner" and pay the lunch price and get the dinner items. We won't do that again and we should have known better, that's what you get for being cheap! The lunch was pretty much over and many of the dishes were empty and dinner items were not brought out until an hour or so after the dinner price/time began. But if we had gotten there and paid the dinner price when dinner was supposed to start I'd have been upset. What was out was not good.
2	This food just isn't for me. I couldn't find anything I liked.. I had some desserts and that was about it.
3	Nice little buffet with a Paris like ambience.  For the price, i'd rather go to a different buffet with more variety but this place is good enough to get the job done as the lines typically aren't as long as the other buffets like the one's in Bellagios, Rio, Planet Hollywood, etc.  The service here is really good. First time here it was pretty packed but our waiter was super quick with refills and grabbing our plates.
4	Aside from the severely slow line, La Village Buffet deserves 4 stars. If you factor in the waiting time, it would be at 1 star, only. Lucky for us, when we came for dinner the line wasn't too long. We passed by the next day around lunch time and noticed that the line was about 5 times longer. Eek! :/For the price, this buffet is an incredibly good deal. It is half the price of other buffets in Vegas, but the quality of food is so much better. Everything was great, but the meats were the best. High quality and sooo savory. Really, the meats were cooked perfectly. The desserts were also good. The crepes and creme brulee were awesome. I also had a heaping plate of shrimp cocktail. Their shrimp were fresh, and the sauce was perfect.The service was also great. Our plates were always cleared by the time we got back with our next helping of food. Our drinks were always re-filled immediately without asking. Everyone was courteous, helpful, and nice. Me likey! :D
4	This is what I need in Vegas: GOOD PRICES, GOOD FOOD!Came here with my two home girls because one of them said that she had it for dinner and that it was pretty delicious. Interior decor seriously reminds one of a little outdoor cafe, especially with the painted ceiling. It feels very cozy and a very fun place to eat. Went in for lunch when there was no line and paid about $20. Had to wait a few minutes for a table and it only served to increase my hunger which was helpful =).Food was mostly your standard buffet fare with some French-style dishes which I did not attempt to try. As with all buffets I usually hit up the carved meats which I feel give you the most bang-for-your-buck. It was here that I got THE most tender prime rib that excelled that of the $43 Wynn buffet. They did get a minus in my book though for not shelling their shrimp which was a bit annoying but it just served for me to get more meat and pasta.Overall a decent buffet in a nice environment if you're not looking to break the bank. I am definitely coming back here to eat whenever I hit up Sin City.
1	This place has gone downhill since the last time I ate here a few years ago.  First of all, the wait to get in was ridiculous.  We waited almost 2 freaking hours in line and when we finally got in, I saw there was a whole section of empty tables in the side area that they could have used to seat people faster.  WTF?  Anyway, we went for dinner and the selection of food was extremely limited.  Definitely not how I remember this place.  Also, the food was pretty tasteless, especially the meats (chicken, lamb) that I tried.  I really only ate some of their pastas, totally not worth paying $26!!  I did, however, try a lot of the desserts (since there was nothing else to eat) and they were really good.  Unless you just wanna eat desserts, I would avoid this place and try other buffets, it's not worth your money.
2	Le Village Buffet at Paris is le fail. Expectations weren't that high considering I already knew Wynn, Bellagio, or Studio B buffet would trounce this place any day of the week, even on an off night.The breads just sucked, no flavor and questionably stale. Insulting to the French culture to serve bread that just isn't good, and calling themselves Paris Las Vegas. I've had better at Hue Thai and Baguette Cafe. The fettuccine alfredo just tasted like watered down alfredo mix. I know this is a buffet, but how can you fail so badly with fettuccine alfredo? The pesto sauce spaghetti helped to redeem them.The mussels weren't even remotely fresh, with a strong fishy taste. A sign that it wasn't very fresh. My experience was the mussels didn't make me want to chance it with the sushi. I didn't want a dose of lax with my meal. The other person in our group confirmed its suckiness, and he isn't as hard of a reviewer as me.Half of the chicken was very moist since it was near the skin, and the other half was dryer than Vegas on a summer day.One of the saving grace of the meal was the crepes and waffle station. It amazed me how the chef was just making the crepes with ease. This and the waffles tasted great.The first round of prime rib was a little dry. Round 2 and 3 were much better, but they were also very rare. It would make even Dexter faint. I could have loaded up on this all day, but a little too early in the day to do this.This place does have snow crab legs and claws, but its such a PITA to eat because they don't crack it open nicely like the Wynn. I'm sure there are people who would have loaded up on this, but it wasn't worth my time.The champagne was a poor quality. Don't bother unless you just want the free alcohol. Just go play at the penny slots and get yourself some free drinks instead.I didn't get a chance to try the desert, but the others in our group says its good.Our group got a nice cozy and quiet room, but also got a rocky table. We McGuvyer'd it with a bunch of sugar packets on the base of the table.Service from our first waiter just wasn't good. He forgot which drinks we ordered. Carding me for the champagne even though I didn't want any, couldn't even recognize the birthday on my Nevada ID, and still pouring the champagne into my glass even after I said no. Even interrupting our conversation just to pour the champagne in front of my face. Just either walk around to pour the glasses or just take the glass off the table to pour. I know this isn't a 5 star place, but a little common sense goes a long way. Our second waiter was more attentive, clearing our plates in a timely manner and refilling our drinks without asking.But $30 for mediocre to below average food for lunch when I can spend a couple of bucks more at the Wynn and get dinner, makes this place already lose a star. Had it been a little less, it would be understandable. Go to the Studio B buffet if you're coming from SoCal, much better stuff and cheaper prices. Otherwise, spend a little more money for the Bellagio or the Wynn. You're on vacation, spend the extra couple of bucks to get a better meal.
4	The only major negative was the 45 minute wait to get in.This buffet is located in the Paris. I went for brunch.The pastries were all amazingly delicious. I also really liked the waffles and crepes, although the crepes could have benefited from a bit more fruit filling from the less than personable crepe maker. The meats were all pretty good (bacon, sausage, sirloin, pork loin) and I also liked the domas. Fruits, crab legs, eggs, hashbrowns, salads...quite a wide variety of things to pick from. Not the very best of the Vegas buffets but certainly in the second tier.
5	I normally do not care for buffets, even the concept bothers me a little.  With that said, Natasha and I managed to find what I consider to be perhaps the best buffet in Vegas replete with many notable French classics.  The selection was especially large, and I was very pleased to see favorites like cassoulet, coq au vin, boeuf bourguignon, and so forth.  Each of these particular dishes was decidedly good, and the selection by no means ended there.  I had a cheese course, creme brulee, carrot cake, and, well, a handful of plates by the time everything was said and done.  Apparently, I am a glutton for the classics.  The wait in line is a notable drawback to coming here though.  We showed up for a late lunch, but by the time we paid and we were seated, it was actually an early dinner.  I would estimate we waited a good 40 minutes, but the timing was such that we saved $14 between the different prices and were afforded an even grander selection of proteins.  So who is really going to complain about that?  Aesthetically everything was pleasing, and we managed to have a grand time here.  Highly recommend.
3	When the Paris casino first opened, I went to this buffet and thought everything was superb. But over the years, the quality of the place has downgraded. I went back in December and was disappointed that they didn't have as much variety of food as I had remembered. The grilled chicken was dry and wish they had more vegetable dishes.  However, their frozen yogurt was probably their best. I went back for seconds.
4	We ate here last Friday 4/9. We planned on going to the Rio seafood buffet, but decided to eat here instead once we checked in. We got in line about 815pm and were in line for about 20-30min. Once we got to our table it was all good. My wife and I ate probably about $200.00 worth of crab legs alone. The mashed potatoes, mixed veggies, prime rib and everything else that I could not remember was really good. The buffet area is really large, but the only down side is that you have to leave the buffet area to use the restroom. It was all good. I know there are a bunch of other places to get a good buffet in Vegas, and we will probably try a different one depending on where we stay next time. We gave it a try and we were not disappointed. We would eat here again and would recommend anytime to anyone.
4	The Buffet King (my hubby) hereby proclaims Le Village Buffet the best in the land of buffets.  Coming from him, that's big praise.  He lives for buffets.We met up with over 40 others (mostly Hawaii relatives) to celebrate my auntie's 80th B-day.  We were given our own section to make merry.  Oh lord, were we noisy!  "Banzai!" from the Japanese bunch.  "Mabuhai!" from the Filipino bunch.  "Here, here!" from our haoles.  Even had one of our younger generation performing a lovely hula for all of us and those seated by our section.  That's us...spreading the Aloha spirit even when in Paris!The dinner food selection was outstanding!The various stations were well spaced so that, even on a busy Saturday night, civility reigned.They even had a grilled section that was perfect for me.  Grilled veggies, meats & fish that I could enjoy without the fear of suffering from sauce overload later.  My stomach was already dancing from eating elsewhere, so this was appreciated.The seafood cocktail section was pretty much wiped out by our clan.Once they discovered how sweet & meaty the crab legs were, loaded up plates kept coming into our section to be shared.  I tried two claws, but I think they might have been previously frozen.  I stuck mostly to the peel shrimp and made my own horseradish cocktail sauce.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZkGDCVKSdf8m76cnnalL-A?select=qcKcFwikTCV6uiGypV9LvAOf course the menfolk were going crazy at the meat carving stations.  I was eyeing the big variety of foods coming to our table from the other gal cousins and was in envy.    A lot of French cuisine that I would have loved to try.  Pasta too.  I was sorely tempted by the risotto that was popular with the gals.   From their exclamations, I'd say they were enthusiastic about mostly everything they tried.  We had a lovely birthday cake for Auntie, but the others hit up that dessert station anyways.  I caved when someone put a creme brulee in front of me.  Soooooo good.  One of little kids in our group had four ice cream cones.  I did try a bite of one of those macarons that seems to be popular these days.  S'okay.Service was good.  Our group was assigned two servers who were really on top of their game.  The section we were placed in was pretty spacious.  We didn't feel hemmed in.  For some reason though, I kept getting confused about our location and walked into two other group's parties.  "Where'd this ol' Japanese lady come from?!?"  Oops.I know we'll be back someday.  The Buffet King said so.
1	Le Buffet is the worst experience ive had in dining in vegas.  Items i noticed were either cold, unseasoned, or just plain disgusting.   Several entress didnt even have food lables, so you dont even know what your eating.    Managment obvioullsly can care less, items that appeared empty were never filled.  Employees seemed to be unhappy and moody.   You cant get a hello, or a smile.    Believe me, save your money and go to the flamingo.   There cleaner, cheaper, and offer a better variety.
3	The wait for lunch was 1 hour and 30 minutes.  Holy mackeral.  I still don't like buffets, however they were serving breakfast foods during lunch, so that was a plus.  The creme brulee was pretty good as well.
3	This buffet is good, but I wasn't really impressed. Other than having shrimp and lobster every night it isn't much different than a lot of buffets I have been to. Actually they do have a crepe station so that also sets it apart. I have only been to one other seafood buffet, kinda just getting into eating crab legs, I know I am so late, but I found that the crab legs here are extremely salty. I wonder if they cook them with the same water where they were found. The crab legs at The Cannery Row Buffet are not salty. Another con is that the buffet looks huge from the outside, but when you get inside you realize most of that is just seating. There is usually a long line to get in, but I imagine that is how most of the casino buffets are so no surprises for anyone there. In conclusion, I would rather got to The Cannery on Seafood night and pay about the same price.
2	only so so. Came here with my harojuko girls (hahahaha) after a way too long and way too short of a crazy few nights in vegas. We realized we hadn't hit up a buffet yet so we better do it before we leave. We were staying in the bellagio but were too cheap to pay the price, plus we'd already left and were too lazy and hungry to walk back. So we had popped into Paris to see what they had. It was a semi long line, probably about a 15 min wait. Worth the wait? Not really. The food was ok, and of course it's a buffet so there's stuff you can find to grub on but really nothing that impressed me. Next time someone suggest the buffet here just pick whatever the other option is, this isn't too exciting.
4	I just went to Le Village Buffet last week while on vacation and was able to compare it to when I went there previously back in 2004-2005.  I have noticed other reviewers claiming that it has gone downhill since its glory days.  My opinion is, this is not the case.The selection is incredible and there are many stations.  I have not been to too many buffets in Vegas, but this HAS to be one of the largest.  No lobster, but plenty of shrimp and crab legs on the dinner menu.  Only drawback;  the long line to get in.  I went once for break fest and once for lunch and both times I waited approximately 40-45 minutes.  When we got inside, there were always empty tables.  Why can't the seating hostess seat more people right away?  Maybe they are trying to control the flow of people who are eating?  Regardless, will probably return.
1	I've only been there once and it was about a year and a half ago. I searched to see if it has been remodeled since I was last there and I cannot find any info saying so, so I'm assuming that it is the same since I last went there.My brother came to visit from out of town and for some reason he heard that this place was good and wanted to try it out. Being a local, I'm rarely impressed with what the strip casino buffets offer compared to the local casinos because they all pretty much serve the same foods but the strip buffets are twice as expensive and twice as crowded. In this case both still stand true. First off, the wait to get in was about an hour and a half! Luckily I wasn't the one that had to wait in line so I just went to the casino and played while I waited for his call. Finally after an hour and a half he hit the front of the line and it was finally time to eat. The first thing I noticed was the layout and design of the buffet. It is supposed to look like some French street market or whatever and there's the main dining floor which had like cobblestone paths or whatever and there were like little "rooms" on the sides which was where we were seated. It's a horrible theme and completely bad layout. The rooms looked like little village shops or something and had space for about 4 tables with about 20 seats or so but it's just a horrible design. My biggest complain about that is that if all of those walls were knocked down and all of the rooms were eliminated, they could probably seat another 200 people at any given time, which would alleviate, the wait in the line but getting more people in at once. I could see the rooms being a nifty little idea, especially if you're filling up that room with your own party but when there's 5 other parties in there, it's not so great. The rooms are somewhat isolated and are fairly quiet and it's not so fun hearing the other family's kids yelling and not having the buzz of the restaurant drowning it out. The foodThe food was nothing nothing special really. I honestly don't remember much about the food. It wasn't anything different than what I could have gotten from a local casino but for half the price. I think the cost was like $40 per person for a dinner buffet and for what we got, it was not worth it at all.  One thing I do remember is that the flow of the buffet was not good. People just kept cutting in front of me and had no clue on where the flow of the buffet line was and every time I went up to the buffet, I would come back aggravated and annoyed with how much side stepping I had to do to get from point a to point b. Overall, I'd say stay away. For the money you're better off going to a nice place and ordering a decent meal opposed to going to a tourist buffet.
3	As far as buffets goes, this has got to be one of the best!No wonder they've been awarded the silver.I've spent years trying to replicate their Chicken Coq au Vin, and I am getting closer.  Their braised short rib is also fall off the bone tender.Their quiche, bread and other offerings are not very good replicas though.2 years ago, they removed both braised short rib and the Chicken Coq au Vin.Now the best thing there remaining is their crepes made to order... which you can get at most good crepe shops.Its worth the long lines every time I go to Vegas (been here over 7 times now).
4	the french themed atomesphere restaurant was very cozy and comfortable.  It was crowded when we got there around 10am on ssaturday for brunch though, waited for an hr to get in.  prime rib was soft and tender, didn't try many other hot dishes.. pretty typical.  Their famous desserts were the best! we personally did not like thier cook to order crepes, but we both loved flan and creme brulee!!Don't expect the seafood to be good here... crab legs and shrimps were not so good, salty and cold...
3	Buffet of Buffets: Stop #2: DinnerI've always wanted to try out the Paris Buffet so this seemed as good a time as any. We went at 6pm so the wait was almost nonexistent. Many different types of French food were featured. Most of the dishes were pretty heavy. I got filled up real fast. The entrees were good but still on the average side. Of the entrees, I liked the beef stew the best. What really stood out at this buffet were the sweets. The macaroons here are delicious! The French really know their desserts! =PPistachio Lemon Macaroons - This is the redeeming factor of the whole Le Village Buffet. They are so amazingly good. I loved that the outside had little bits of pistachio and gave it a nutty taste. The center has a lot of lemon flavored cream. MMmMMmmMm.... Pretty to look at as well. The orange raspberry macaroon was also very tasty. Orange outside with a little bit of raspberry filling. Yay for macaroons!
4	Came to Vegas for the weekend for the Mayweather/Mosley fight. MGM where I was staying was a mad house. So to get a break from the crowd I walk down the strip to Paris and Planet Hollywood. Im not a buffet person at all. I'd rather go to a nice sit down restaurant. Mass produced food usually isnt as good. But on this trip it just didnt work out that way. So out of the three buffets I went to on my trip I enjoyed Paris the most by far. I liked Italian food there, along with the prime rib. I have to say pretty decent food for guy who doesn't like buffets.
4	My favorite breakfast buffet.I am looking forward to going back and trying it again.
2	Came here at the turnover from breakfast to lunch. So the two stars are for breakfast because at least they had made-to-order crepes, which were okay, and I got my hands on some bacon before they took the tray away. Zero stars for the lunch items..they were just plain bad. From now on, bellagio buffet only for me.
4	The crepe bar! yay! =) tons of fish and selection, did not like the prime rib but i think that's more me then anything, hey it's vegas! everything was very tasty, i think they can fix up the dessert bar a bit but the creme brulee was good enough =) but wait, what's with the sushi...
4	Once again, I came back here for breakfast before my flight home.  Still a great deal for breakfast at $15.  I was a little distraught when I couldn't find their stash of eggs benedicts, but after about 10 mins, they brought them out and I was in eggs benedict bliss!  It was great way to top off my trip!
1	Wow, this restaurant is one of the worst in Las Vegas. We came here on Mother's day and it was $30/person. Other than its location and interior settings, the restaurant is nearly worthless.The food is either tasteless or overcooked and the service is extremely poor. Our server forgot to give us our utensils/table settings even after we asked him twice. We had our plates of food on the table for more than 10 minutes, but still no utensils are given, so we have to ask another server to give us some forks/spoons. This is just ridiculous.. Also, the server only picked up our used plates once at the beginning of the meal, by the time we leave, we have 5 completely-full used plates on the table, which has been sitting there for more than 20 minutes.. I can't believe Le Village would hire guys like him..I understand Las Vegas Paris is not Wynn, but still, it's hard to believe they let Le Village operate like this..
2	I used to come here all the time and I made sure I always made it here when I came to Las Vegas. However, on my most recent visit, the food was just not good. The pastas were bland and the crepes were only as good as one you can get at ihop. On a brighter note, the coq au vin was quite good as well as the prime rib. I probably won't come back as there are so many better buffet options here.
3	Le Village Buffet was just ok for me. My friends and I ate here on a Friday morning around 10:30 AM and ended up having to wait 30-45 min. We paid $16 each which wasn't bad, but my feeling with breakfast buffets is can you really go wrong with them? It's eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, etc. You'd have to do something really outstanding for me to LOVE a breakfast buffet. I loved the Crepes, but everything else was just alright. I've left IHOP happier.
4	My mom,sister and I had heard about this place while visiting Vegas so we had to see what it was like.  This was last year on our vacation trip. And I have to say I was very impressed about the setting and the staff. We went for lunch one day and had to go back for brunch, the food is a 10 and more. Going back to Vegas in a few days and this is a place I have to visit again.  Good food and good staff. Best time to go is right when they change from brunch to lunch you get a taste of both for the price of brunch.
3	If you're going to get fat because of somewhere, it's pretty worth it to be here.  First off, the best thing has got to be the crepes.  They actually make it fresh and you can order a combination of any fruits or syrups they have available.  It isn't overbearingly sweet either.  The light thin crepe with the sweet and slightly tart fruit eaten along some champange during brunch is truly awesome.  Their seafood is pretty good but not the freshest.  They don't have a very good selection of sushi but they make up for in other dishes such as roasts and pastas.  There are various olive salads too if you're into that.  I thought the desert bar was much better than other buffets but I think they need a wider selection of fruits.  I also did this buffet as a part of the City-wide Buffets of Buffets deal and I waited 3 hours for brunch.  I don't think anything is worth waiting that long for so I wouldn't recommend sticking it out.  Try to gauge early on, the rate the line is moving and make a judgment accordingly.  I feel like part of the reason is that they're understaffed, while I was eating there were tables open, but no one was clearing them.  If you do get the chance to eat here though, I would highly recommend it.  Also, the inner decor is really playful.  I like the little french village theme and although it's sad that the waiters have to wear costumes, it's part of the fun.
5	I have to say that Le Village Buffet is one of the top buffets in Vegas! I was able to try so many new things in one sitting- I really liked the fresh cut lamb, eggs Benedict, grilled eggplant, and the creme brulee... I could go on and on. The size of the buffet isn't the biggest, but I have been to a lot of buffets in Vegas, and this one stands out above the rest with the food's flavor. I really was blown away with most of the food's taste. The crepes are made to order, and the cooks are very nice. The dessert station was a little lacking compared to other buffets, but they make up for it with all of the breakfast and lunch foods. The atmosphere is very nice. It is set up like a small village with many secluded sitting areas inside of small "houses" and you go "outside" to get the food. Never before had I been able to eat crepes, duck, lamb, and crab legs in one meal. If you are the kind of person who likes a wide variety of food and likes to try new things, I highly recommend this buffet.
3	Limited selections, not much favors in the foods. Service was slow and not as friendly.
4	This past weekend, there was a deal for all Harrah's players card owners...$34.99 for access to 7 of the 8 Harrah's casino buffets.  With that said, the lines were even LONGER than usual, but it's Vegas, the lines for the buffets, except for breakfast are always long.  For some people, people don't like to get up for early morning buffets; probably still recovering from the previous night of partying/gambling/dabauchery :)  Vegas is Vegas; so parking - enough said; and Service - well, it's Vegas, just like with gambling, the house has the edge and it's hit and miss for us patrons :)So now onto my FOOD reviews...Very easy to access(being btwn the walkway to the Bally's and Paris casinos), this is one of my preferred AYCE locations.  The line for this buffet seems to be one of the longer ones; ranging from an hour to 2 1/2 hours long.  Has been rated one of the best buffets around, and the long lines seem to be reflective of that.   Anyway, probably one of the ones I liked better than the other buffets on the same range(btwn the $25-35 buffet range.  It's different when you go to the Bellagio and Wynn buffets...that's like comparing a regular old cherry to a reineer cherry.  Definitely not as many options as the Rio World Buffet, but it has a decent selection.  Skirt steaks and the desserts make this buffet very enjoyable.  I particularly liked the pasta options.  Again, try a little of everything - and you'll find what you like and what you don't like, but I'm sure you'll find something. =)
3	Went to Vegas over Memorial Weekend and my friends and I did the buffet deal where you pay $34.99 (ended up being around $43.00 after everything) where you can go to any of the 7? specified buffets in Vegas however many times you want within a 24-hour period. We made it suffice for 3 meals!Paris buffet was the second we went to - the wait in line was okay, but as a few of us girls were on a time restraint to make it to Tao so we only got to eat for like 15-20 minutes once we got seated. It wasn't much of a problem as we were all not too hungry having had Caesars Palace buffet earlier for lunch.It's pretty cute that the employees are dressed up in accordance to the theme of the restaurant. The variety of food was quite large, and even had it's own "dessert shack", as my friend described it. Sure enough, it was it's own little structure in the middle of the buffet!I'd definitely like to try to get a FULL experience of this buffet again the next time I go to Vegas.
3	Ah, Buffets... When you're in Vegas, it's a staple that you simply have to go to a buffet and stuff your face with over load amount of food for a prefixed (roughly $30) plate. To be honest, the price of food in Vegas is so cheap that it doesn't really make sense to go to many buffets. You're just indulging yourself with more sin. And this is coming from someone who is an atheist. It's just not all that healthy and I haven't had a post-buffet experience where I said to myself  "You know, I don't regret eating all that." No, it's usually "Why the fuck did I eat all that god damn food?" and followed by me being of no use to anyone for a couple of hours as I recover from a food coma as well as just not wanting to do much activities.. and given that this is Vegas, that's a tragic tragic thing. This buffet has a quaint look and feel to it. Of course being in Paris it has a certain Beauty and the beast feel to it. In fact I was wondering when Gaston to show up and brag about how much he won in the nickle slots. The buffet is sectioned off. Was stuck in some little fake make shift house. Way to kill my line of sight to the fake blue sky painted above, Buffet wait staff! As for the food selection - There was some decent stations. The carving station seems to be my favorite. There's something magical and fresh feeling with getting meat sliced off a whole shank.The fruit selection was pretty dismal. The dessert selection, while good, I was a little underwhelmed. You're themed after a french continental location, I'm sure Remy the rat could make better dessert options. Maybe he was too busy making some of that thrown together sushi.  The fish station has shrimp and crab legs. Some staples I was proud of. Over all, it's a good spot for a meal, but my adverse feelings towards buffets as a whole just doesn't allow me to rank it more than an A-Okay.
1	worst buffet i've ever had...harsh words, i know.  but it was so bad that i started to question myself...whether or not it was just a bad day at the paris buffet...or maybe the dinner buffet was a lot better?  ugh...either way, i wasn't happy with the food...and if that wasn't bad enough...even the desserts were horrible!so we went for brunch on our 24 hour pass to all of the harrah's buffets...the pass itself was $34.99.  the line was about a half an hour wait...pretty typical...by the time we got to our table, we were starving.  so anything should've tasted great right now, right?  wrong!  everything from the pastas to the breakfast items were tasteless...they didn't even have corned beef hash!  the only thing that made this place stand out from the other buffets was the made to order crepe bar...that was a nice saving touch to this less than mediocre buffet.  since the brunch food was a total fail (we barely even touched our food)...we had high hopes for the desserts.  i went straight for the creme brulee and the gelato...ugh...the creme brulee was pure mush...mushier than mush should actually be.  the gelato was nothing special...you would think that french buffets would go all out with their deserts.  anyhoo, i'm done bashing the paris buffet...we just ended up leaving and heading over to the buffet at planet hollywood...the perks of having that 24 hour pass.  haha.
4	This was our first buffet in our Buffet of Buffets visit, we were impressed.  However, it wasn't until well into our first plate that the server came over and took our drink order, and she was less than friendly.  The food was all great, I though.  My favorite was the steak.  I love buffets that have ice cream cones so you can take your treat to go!
1	Let's just say I was so upset I stormed out of there and I wasn't even half way into my meal yet... The server took too long to take my drink order... I havent even poured my coffee into my cup to come back with my plate to go half way into my meal and these mofoz cleaned out my f***kin table... Ok  FCKKK you guyz too! That was a really bad experience considering I went in thru VIP... the host was too concerned about why I was staying at a different hotel then get me seated... all I wanted to do was have a decent breakfast!  Then the server was nowhere to be found I didn't even have water to drink!!! I thought boy the food didn't seem all great in representation but then the service being horrible... I hope you guys read the reviews and train your employees better because I don't get this sh*t service at other buffets such as the Rio... maybe you all should gather one day and have a field day of training and watch and learn how you are suppose to treat your guests... Didn't even get the chance to fill out the survey... the place was not even busy nor crowded... are u stereotyping me thinking I left didn't tip so I'll clean the table out right away... Too bad I tucked my five dollar bill back in my purse I hope the next person you do that to raises hell on you with a manager! I did have the 24 hr pass and don't waste your time at Cafe Lago Buffet at Caesars Palace either... thats where I headed to after and it was WORST!!!  Trust your instincts and go with what you know... The Rio Carnival Buffet!
4	This place has a great atmosphere. The waitresses are friendly and it may not compare to food in Paris, but this is one of the better buffets on the strip. Creme bruleeee is mad tasty! Crab legs were super juicy and were really good with lemon. I highly recommend this place.
2	i am SO MAD AT YOU, paris buffet!Some background story, my family and I get in line at 9pm. We have a party of 16 (I have a huge filipino family, and this was only a small portion of them). It takes at least 45 minutes to get into the buffet. Understandable. They seat us together and are very friendly. The only thing I wanted at this buffet was the creme brulee. I've been to this buffet THREe times and have always gotten their creme brulee because it's freaking DELICIOUS. WELL, the buffet "closes" at 10pm. I THINK that means they stop letting people in at 10. Well I think it ALSO means that they stop cooking at 10 because when I went up to the dessert island to get my creme brulee, they were OUT and not making anymore.UM NO. If my family is gonna pay 25+ dollars per person, you BETTER have some freaking creme brulee because it's the best dessert on your dessert island. Don't let people into your buffet if you are going to run out of food. You are a BUFFET so you should continue making your food, even if you are closing.DO NOT come here anywhere near closing time. Even an hour ahead of time isn't early anough. You will be extremely disappointed when they start running out of food. DEFINITELY not worth your money, believe me. :/
4	Vegas buffets.  The Le Village buffet is my favorite in Vegas!I've been to the buffet at the Luxor, MGM, Rio, Wynn, TI, Bellagio, Flamingo, and Ceasar's Palace, and definitely over the years, new ones have popped up, and chefs change, but Le Village has always done it for me.I enjoy the Paris setting in general, the light blue, cloudy sky ceilings make me feel like and happy as i sit and enjoy my meal.  I feel like the extensive selection of various foods from all across the world is better here that a lot of other places, too.I think what really does it for me is that I feel like the desserts selection is so good!  I know a lot of people where desserts is not a big deal, but for me and my and big sweet tooth, this selection was great and exactly what I wanted!Disclaimer: I do have a Diamond Players card, so the wait time is irrelevant since I never have to wait in the normal line with everybody else, so you do need to prepare to sit in line for some time if you come here during a peak hour.
2	I'm a buffet person, so first night in town, My bf & I decided to try out this place 'cause it's near the hotel we'd stayed, as well as I heard good reviews about it. The waited was 45 min. Usually when we are hungry, we find everything tastes good to us, but this spot failed. Even though they had a big sections of variety of food, but we couldnt find anything that we thought was best, except I like their crepes. For going to any buffet, I have at least 3 plates and up, but at this place, I had to stop on a second plate and were still hungry, that how tasteless it was. Stafff  were so so. Anyhoo, I'll take this name out of my list next time im in Vegas.
4	I'm rating Le Village Buffet breakfast only. For about $16 for breakfast this is not a bad deal. I've spent more ordering an orange juice and entree at MGM. I wish I never did that. Since Le Village is French, you will get some pastries to go along with your normal breakfast variety. In Vegas, you must eat breakfast as a hangover cure, if you can wake up. Unfortunately, the breakfast closes at 11am, so be there early. There is always a line, because this buffet is very popular.I was able to spoil myself with fresh made omelets, Eggs Benedict, and both French Toast and pancakes. Don't forget to have a crepe for dessert. I know that sounds like a lot of food, but hey this is a Vegas buffet so SSHH! Diets and feeling fat can wait until you return home. I recommend looking for $5 off coupons or 2 for 1 coupons if you can. I'm not sure if they apply to breakfast though. If you are a breakfast fan, head over to Paris and give it a try. Don't except a true Paris experience, but the American will work just fine. The decorations and server clothing kind of reminds me of Disneyland.
2	This place used to be good.  That's in the past.  Came here for dinner (with the buffet pass) and standards have gone downhill.  You get a far better selection and tasty food at Harrah's.First is the long wait because some people don't realize this place has gone down the toilet.  I could not find any tasty to eat because everything was too filthy.How did this place get an A?  While you are in line, there is a person that comes out and tells you the wait is going to be an hour or more.  That is an exaggeration.The food stations have many things littered along the dishes and the counter.  I can't believe that there is no one here to pick up the scraps around the dishes (probably from other customer not being able to work the tongs correctly).Why is the seafood right next to the fresh fruit?  That doesn't sound right.  The risotto was hard.  Everything has a french twist and that's what made the food taste nasty.This is due to failed execution.  Why does the crepe look like a diaper?  Is this highlight of the buffet the crepes or the frozen custard machine?  That was the most enjoyable dish.Take an ice cream cone and get some frozen custard.  They can't mess that up.Is the restaurant suppose to be filthy all over or is this how they envision what France should look like?  Are they being authenic and I just don't know it?I like tasty good food but this place had none of that for dinnner.  I was here at 8pm.  Perhaps they ran out of food again and this was leftovers from yesterday.
2	Once you've had the buffet at Bellagio, all other casino buffets are garbage.  For $30, we got all you can eat mediocre BUT our waitress was fast and responsive (hence the 2 stars).  Their fruit/salad bar is ridic.  My aunt grabbed what she thought were sliced melons but were actually huge blocks of cheese (hahah... that was pretty funny... )  It's a waste of space to have a fruit/salad bar with little to no variety.  Nothing was memorable.  I strongly suggest eating elsewhere.  My family and I experienced tummy aches and pains after dining.  PLUS, there were plenty of seats inside yet they insisted on making everyone wait in a ridiculous, winding line in hopes to make their restaurant look more appealing to passerbyers.  If you were good, you wouldn't have to do this, sir.
4	Despite the long lines, I liked this place.I'll start off first by saying even though I liked this place, my mom and my brother didn't. They didn't like the food because they weren't used to French food... but I didn't even know that they served that much French food besides the crepe making. But yeah, I'm not sure sure on that either.Anyways, I've been here for brunch and dinner on separate occasions and I'll just say that the food is pretty good. One time I remember filling up my plate so much and eating all of it. I like the crepes here and the omlets that the chefs make for you. The only bad thing is that there's always a line for this..but it's pretty worth it.I ate here multiple times on different occasions using the 24 hour buffet pass. But yeah, it's a pretty good buffet compared to some other ones. Out of the 7 buffets that the buffet pass comes with, I say Le Village Buffet tops Emperor's Buffet in Imperial Palace and Lago Buffet in Caesar's.
3	best buffet we had in vegas, breakfast was greatbut way over priced
5	it was the best out of caesars palace and rio. caesars didn't have much variety but the environment was nice. rio had better variety but the environment was like a denny's.here, there was quite of variety as well as a beautiful environment. it was decorated like the streets of paris (similar to the outside building). THE CREPES AND CREME BRULEE WAS DEFINITELY A MUST TRY!!!!   their desserts were definitely better than rio's and caesars.  at the paris buffet, there was a salad bar and fresh to be made omelettes.  there were also more fresh fruits and dessert variety compared to the other 2 buffets.i would definitely go again!
4	On June 11th, we decided to come here for breakfast.  It's always nice to have a friend who is a platinum member at Harrahs because we got to sit in the platinum dining area where we had our own omelette guy!  How cool is that?  The other food is good, not great but the omelette and orange juice were the best items that day!!!
3	Aside from the very loooooong wait (which I'm taking a star off for) and heavy price tag (just about $30 for breakfast, not including tip!) I would say it was not too shabby.  With our group of 5 half of us walked thru the mall shops and 2 others waited in line (I was one of the lucky ones that got to shop). When we were finally inside there were so many things to choose from, I tried a little bit of what appealed to my low carb diet, which was plenty. Prime rib, steak, grilled veggies, crab legs, and the list goes on. I killed my diet when I came accross the made to order crepes which were heavenly, and I guess well worth ruining my diet for one day.The girls all loved it too, they (we) all made pigs of ourselves here.  Good times.
2	Why all the fascination with the buffets in Las Vegas???  I just can't understand it.  The ridiculously long lines!  Can't understand the long lines especially when you see all the empty seats inside!  It must be a ploy to make people think that its a popular destination.  The outrageous prices they charge and the mediocre food they serve!  You can spend the $25-$40 at a much nicer restaurant with quality food and service.  They have this buffet around the world deal where you can visit one of seven buffets for a 24-hour period for $39.99 or $34.99 if you have a Harrah's player's card.  Yeek!  Never again will we step into a buffet in Vegas.Ambience- Cute, small French village is charming. (4 stars)Food- Old, stale, unsanitary, and bland. (2 stars)Service- Hit or miss.  We went twice: dinner service absolutely sucked because they stuck us in this room and didn't see the damn waitress.  We also think she was being bitched around by her supervisor that night.  Thus the disappearing act.  Breakfast server was friendly and cordial. (2 stars)Highlight*The $39.99 deal for 24-hours.Lowlight*Food*Long lines*Service*Worrying about catching someone's disease
3	We had pre-purchased the 7-buffet pass for $34.99, which allows you to go to as many Harrah-owned buffets (Rio, Caesar's, Flamingo, Paris, etc) as you can within a 24-hour time frame.  We had tried Lago Buffet at Caesar's Palace the night before, so we squeezed in Breakfast here before we departed.  We got here at 8:45am and the line was pretty minimal, but by 9am, it started getting really long.  So get here early if you can!They have a huge variety of breakfast items here, with a variety of eggs, breads, muffins, bagels, fruits, and sausages.  Other items included quiches, baked oatmeal, cereal, and pastries.  They also have an omelet and crepes station.  Suffice to say, you won't go hungry here.
2	Years ago I thought LV buffets were the cat's meow. But after my last visit, I think the only reason to go to one is just because it's much cheaper than going to a quality place. The Paris buffet was decorated cutely. We went for lunch and it was a total bargain at $17 and change. Our server was efficient and we didn't have any sort of wait. That is the good part. The bad part, well the food was boring and bland. The only thing I tasted that I actually thought "oh, this is really good" were grape leaves. Whether or not I would recommend this place really depends on what you are aiming for. If you want to thrill your taste-buds with the amazing international cuisine options from award winning chefs that LV is know for - this is not your place. If you want to save a few bucks and want to be full on the low - then go here!
4	Out of most of the buffets I have been to, this is definitely the best! The seating area and decorations is very nice! It feels like you are truly outside in a street in Paris! The food there is very exquisite and taste better than most places! At certain times it can be a long line. But all in all the food is worth it! They have a wide variety of food AND deserts! It is also for a decent price!  They also have good deals for all day to eat at the buffet! A must do in Vegas...... Eat at this buffet!!!
3	I came out here for brunch.  The line wasn't too long, and we were able to get inside in less than 30 minutes.  The food itself wasn't too bad.  However, there is no reason why there should be sushi at a French-themed buffet.  Ugh. :|The desserts though ... Oh man, I would definitely come back for that.
4	Day 2 of being in Vegas and we hit another buffet. We were still within our 24 hours so we had brunch here. The wait wasn't too long. I mainly had breakfast. I had some potatoes, eggs benedict, bacon and I was stuffed. I took advantage of the ice cream cones. That was the best part.
3	This buffet is great if you are on a budget.I went for breakfast and the food was ok. Nothing spectacular but it gets the job done. If you like breakfast meats, this place is great because there is a nice spread of sausage and bacon.
4	This was my first experience with this restaurant/buffet.  It was divided into many different sections, but had a lot of the standard things you'd expect at a buffet.  The food was pretty good, but not the best I've ever had.  But for the quantity, you can't really go too wrong.  The theme of the village was really cool as each area had it's own little house.  The desert house was right in the middle and had great selection including pretty fresh crem brule and macaroons!  There is a wine section, but it's "exclusive" and not for just anyone.
4	I thought that Le Village Buffet had a really cute set-up with being different regions of France marked on each house. Unlike all the other buffets in Vegas, it tries to hold a French theme, but it is weird that it does have sushi in one of its houses. I really liked the meat station here and it was pretty damn good. Also, for some vegetarians, you might be able to find some stuff that you can eat like buttered potatoes or ratatouille. The best part of this buffet is definitely the desserts! There is a little hut in the middle that offers french macarons! OMG. how i love french macarons. They taste SO FLUFFY that i'm going to die.. from its awesomeness! :) I thought it was a great deal coming here during dinner, they also have a gryos section. The only thing that I didn't like here was that the women's restroom was only one stall by the gyros section. Thank god there wasn't a huge line. One thing that I highly recommend is sign up for the Total Rewards Card at any of the Harrah's properties and get the 24 hour buffet pass for 34.99 + tax. It's an amazing deal that my friends got. :)
4	Best buffet food I've had, to date. Le Village Buffet offers a wide variety of French inspired dishes that are freshly cooked with very little in cost over the average resort buffet. They had everything from fresh crab legs to a vegetarian bar (which, although I am not a vegetarian, had a great selection!) The prime rib was five star for a buffet style restaurant. The minor reasons I gave this buffet a 4 and not a 5 was for the following reasons; There was a severe lack of claw crackers or tiny forks for the crab legs/claws, which just seems sadistic given the freshness of the meat. They appeared to be seating 'non-diamond' customers in a separate room, alway from the actual buffet. I don't have a problem with preferred customers getting faster seats or discounts, I just felt like I was in some sort of containment camp for poor people. And the sushi was just average, if your going to serve sushi, serve it right. The rolls were boring (cucumber & california) and I couldn't find a small cup or dish for soy sauce, which means I would just have to pour it over the rolls and that is just wrong!All in all that is a great buffet for the money, and really spices up the standard buffet selection. Last but not least, save room for desert! The desert section is more impressive than some restaurants have, only time I've ever done seconds on a buffet dessert table.
4	Can't go wrong with breakfast. The wait wasn't that long either. They're smart, they start with a lot of eggs and carby stuff. Then you get to the better stuff. I got a bunch of stuff, as you can see on my stuffed plate picture. anyways, I liked the eggs and multiple type of sausages. I had a ton of bacon. They even have corned beef and hash there! Oh that's my favorite!!!!! I didn't wait in line for the omelette bar. And I do agree with Shannon L. and Hana C., the inside decor does remind you of Beauty and the Beast, maybe that's what made the food more enjoyable.
4	Quality not Quantity here! I came on a Saturday night and it was an hour wait but so worth it! There is a new wristband deal where you can eat here all day which caused the long line. I understand why they loved it so much. There is a made to order crepes station, crab legs, and prime rib! All the wonderful things buffets in Vegas should have but with quality taste. Desserts were super delicious and a nice selection.
4	Very good selection, Not a bad price for a Vegas buffett~ The man was very pleased.. and full :) Success
3	This place is cute. Good food selection; good selection of seafood - which is always nice. But the carving station wasn't all that good - the prime rib was overcooked, and they didn't even have horseradish to go along with it.There's always a long line to get in, but it moves fairly quickly; about a 20 minute wait at the most; i think. Maybe the weekends is more; not sure.The reason I didn't give it more than 3 stars is that I've been to better buffets in Vegas; and also their dessert selection wasn't all that good. and you would think that being a french buffet it will be all about the pastry!They do have a crepe station which is a big plus; but still I've been to much better places in other hotels.
2	Mediocre food (similar  to Home Town Buffet) for a VERY expensive price and an extremely long wait in line. The locals might tell you its a 'Nice place for brunch' which is true if you're only going for the venue, but as far as the quality of the food goes, well...just don't do it, you"ll be setting yourself up for disappointment like i did. If its a Vegas buffet your looking for, try Rio's world buffet! its hands down the best buffet Ive ever been to. The food Is great, the service is prompt & the wide selection of food will leave you feeling like a kid in a candy store.
3	This has some good reviews but it was hit and miss for us.  The prime rib and bouillabaisse were excellent if a bit over salted, but most of the other meats were rather tough.  The crepes and flan were very good, but the creme brulee was burnt (and had only a paper-thin layer of sugar to caramelize) and the other desserts were so-so.
4	This review is for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour, all you can eat, buffet pass. This magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different Harrah's properties. The price is $39.99 for Rewards Club members and $45.99 for non-members. It is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and worth the $5 savings. The best day to buy the pass is Sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge. Also, remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.Note: We did all seven locations (actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice) back to back in 11 hours.The buffets included in the deal are: Le Village Buffet inside Paris, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, Flavors at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars, the Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Rio's Carnival World Buffet!Le Village Buffet at Paris-We made it to this at 3:35...brunch ends at 3:30 and dinner begins. The space is like you are eating brunch in Fantasyland at Disneyland. Our server was nice enough to serve us a couple of glasses of champagne, even though brunch had technically ended. There was a nice selection of food, including a carving station with prime rib and turkey, and crab legs.Overall, this was our favorite buffet of the day. Big win was the perfectly cooked, medium rare, prime rib. Bigger win was being served champagne after brunch ended.
5	Oh man... why does this place exist???? It's the best buffet in Vegas... and I've tried all sorts of buffets in Vegas. I went here for their Saturday Morning Champagne Brunch-- long line, but worth the wait. They have every kind of food you can think of. They have the best hummus, pasta, desserts, seafood,  oh and not to mention the CREPESOh so good!
4	This has been by far the best brunch buffet I have ever had! The line is extremely long, however it is worth the wait. It is really nice inside and it is really neat how there are different rooms that are like French style cottages. The food is great and it is very clean which is a surprise especially for a Buffet. The different stations all around the buffet are sectioned for different regions of France. The omelets are delicious as they are prepared right in front of you with what ever ingredient that you choose such as crisp veggies and different types of cheeses. The crapes are prepared the same way, you choose whatever you want in them such as fruit and cream. There are a wide selection of breakfast meats such as sausages, ham, and bacon. There are also waiters in hand to bring drinks (including alcoholic drinks) and assist with anything needed. The brunch buffet is kinda pricey, but is is well worth the money.
4	Long line but def worth the wait. It's the best breakfast buffet on the strip. with all the decor, feels like you're in Paris
1	Seriously disappointing buffet. Severely understaffed, horrid service, cute atmosphere, the food doesn't stand out. It's all just meh. I went here Sunday afternoon, having researched which buffet to go to on the magical Buffet of Buffets pass and decided on this one. The line was long, horribly long....two hours long. Once inside the waitress took my drink order promptly, FINALLY SERVICE AT LAST. Refilled my drinks ten minutes later, and then vanished for the rest of my meal. When I was in line I was looking over the menu they have posted and noticed they had delicious duck on the menu. This excited me naturally. Who cares about a two hour wait when there is mouth watering duck. My imagination went wild with excitement. Then once inside in lines scouring the buffet for duck I quickly realized there was none. THERE WAS NO GODDAMN DUCK. My heart sank and then the resentment grew. The food was blah. I was eating just because I didn't want to admit that I wasted my afternoon sitting in line for a buffet that is slightly better than Home Town Buffet.
3	k, so we went around 1130, the line was long for crepes, i waited about 30 mins for some nutella, and strawberry crepes.  it was good, but by the time i got my crepe, it was lunch. i would go here for the breakfast, lunch was okay.
3	I love this buffet. It's best for breakfast. Quality, service, and lines have been getting worse every year. If there's a line consider just buying a crepe and a pastry in the nearby shops. Pros- Crepe station all day- Better quality food than most buffets - Not crowded once you get in Cons- HORRIBLE lines, even when there are plenty of tables inside- They change breakfast food out at 11, and stop making it well before then. You should arrive by 9-9:30 so that you can get through the awful line, be seated, and get food before they run out and change out breakfast food before 11. - Service not great, no instruction, slow to clear plates. - Like must buffets, you'll be eating with some seriously gross people gorging themselves with food.
2	I think that the quality of this buffet has dropped substantially as of recent.  The quality of the food was mediocre, but what I found more disturbing was just the overall hygiene of the place.  All of the food stations were a mess, food dropped everywhere and no one was cleaning it up.  There was food on the floor that people were slipping on!  The prime rib was so tough that it was difficult to chew.  The one major highlight was the crepe station but, the crepes that the customers were eating across the street looked a lot better.Needless to say, it was utterly disappointing.  Personally, I would spend a little more and eat at the Bellagio or Wynn.  Overall, it can be best described as the gourmet Hometown Buffet.  The decor is nice b/c it is supposed to make you feel like you are eating in an outdoor cafe.  My friends who ate with us remarked at how much the quality has dropped since they came here several years ago.  It may be due to the recession or being part of the Buffet of Buffet ticket.
4	Wow I almost fainted!  A best buffet place I went to during my trip to Las Vegas.  Food is delicious and looks good too!  Worth every penny eating there.  Crepe station is awesome, wish they had strawberries tho..  I can' t decide what to take to eat because everything looks good.  Vegetables are deliciously grilled.  I definitely will go back for a lunch buffet.  I hope it stays the same or even better next time!
3	After deciding that the World Carnival Buffet has lost it's touch and food quality, I decided that Le Village Buffet should be good! After all, the French are masters in the kitchen, right? $24.99? That's a deal!What I really liked about this buffet is that they have many types of foods based on the different regions of France. For instance, you can get some food items originating from Burgundy or Alsace. However, I was confused when I found a buffet table that had hummus, sushi and sweet potatoes next to each other. I hope they have changed the way they organize their food station and remember that they are making French food. On another note, the stuffed baked tomatoes were good and I fairly much enjoyed their pasta dishes and crab legs. The ham and the meat station, for you carnivores out there, is a must! The meat is tender, juicy and flavorful. They do have a small section of salad and fruit. The crepes to order were okay, I was not very impressed at the selection of toppings and I ended up decorating my plate, my mother's plate and another guest's plate when they saw me making the crepe look somewhat presentable. The batter seemed too thin and so the crepe was more like a pizzelle cookie at the end, except semi-soft. They do have a desert station that you can go and browse around, but I recommend staying away from the creme caramel or flan. Definitely needs some flavor improvement there. I heard the creme brulee was pretty good though. I loved the environment of this place! Friendly service and lively people. Nice place to come and eat before hitting the strip at night and they are a part of the  "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour deal!
3	The lines for this buffett are outrageous! We finally mustered up the gumption to wait in line at breakfast one morning just to see what all the fuss was about. I have to say, the food was really good and they had a very wide selection. I had the made to order crepes, hey when in Paris, which were delicious and then later some of the egg dishes and carved ham. My man, being a meatoholic enjoyed some of the more greasy fair. For the price it was worth it, but go hungry in order to get your money's worth and be prepared to wait in line for a while. Also, make sure you take your ID if you want to use your room card for payment, the gate keeper would not allow me to use mine because it happened to be the one time I left the room without an ID. I can understand that I suppose and luckily we had cash otherwise we'd have been back at the end of the (long) queue!
2	So after eating at all the popular buffets in Vegas, I was so disappointed in this one! We arrived at the buffet pretty late (for dinner) because we didn't want to wait in the huge lines, but our plan failed. After getting into the dining area, I was shocked at how small and limited the stations were. The seafood selection there totally sucked; the crab legs were tasteless and didn't even hold before chewing....All of the meat selections were extremely dry and hard to access because of the lines and positioning of the food. The best thing this buffet has to offer is their roasted vegetables, and deserts. That's it. I was craving a nice salad after eating so unhealthy and they only had one type of salad with about 3 toppings. The waitstaff was pretty friendly but they were overwhelmed by how many people were in there at once. We even had to come back to a couple of stations that ran out of food because there wasn't more prepared to be put out right away. For $25, I would not recommend this place.
5	One of the top 5 buffets in Buffet Town. Wonderful decor and well thought-out food stations with tasty selections make for a great dining adventure in outdoor Paris. The desserts alone are worth the trip to to this quaint village.
3	I learned a trick- come during the last part of breakfast and stay long enough for brunch. Cheap breakfast and you get to sample the brunch. The food was good, although the crab was pretty salty and cold. I kind of wish I'd gotten a crepe, seeing as how I was in the Paris hotel and all, but I was trying not to fill up. Maybe my expectations are a little too high, but I thought they could have a little more seafood and dessert variety.
2	You used to be good.
4	We had the 24 hr buffet pass and we loved this buffet that we came here for dinner and brunch the next morning. Granted we only visited one other on the list, Carnival World Buffet, but it was enough for us to notice if we wanted food w/ good flavor that Le Village Buffet was where it was at.It is one of the smaller buffet's I've been to but they offer a lot of dishes of french cuisine that you can't find in any other buffets. Their prime rib was perfectly cooked and juicy. I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious. I loved that some of the things were simple little dishes, but packed with great flavor. They do have a crepe station! They can make them with any fruits and toppings they have on hand for you and they're all so delicious. If you come for breakfast/brunch they do have an omelette station and offer unlimited small bottles of Korbel champagne.The wait staff and service is slow. We came on a Saturday night and after being seated it took over 15 minutes to get our drinks. I was wondering what was taking so long and noticed it was only one guy taking drink orders and serving them on our side of the buffet. They are extremely over worked.Their creme brulee was the best ending to a delicious meal. A second creme brulee was even better ;)
1	God, what happened to the Paris buffet? This used to be my favorite 10 years ago and on Sunday the food was not even recognizable any longer. Went for breakfast, the deal not so bad, about $35 for two people. The food selection, absolute crap. Don't even bother or waste your time, it was just cafeteria food. The only reason to go is the crepes but even that wasn't great. I saw in another review someone comparing it to Hometown Buffet, that's an insult to Hometown. Ha! Somebody else said Sysco food, and bingo, that's it. I think this whole Buffet of Buffet thing has ruined them. In putting my business acumen to work I would speculate that all the hotels involved in the B of B got together, buy a bulk of food at a nice discount, and then just distribute it amongst themselves. That's why it doesn't stand out and that's why the quality has eroded. The toppings look old for some reason, no better way to describe it. The workers there seem miserable, I don't know exactly why. If a crepe is what you seek, go across the hallway to the crepe baker and save your time waiting in line for this place. Never again, especially after having the Wynn. How sad.
4	This has been a crazy 3 weeks for me... going from SF-LV-SF, lots of driving and lots of eating out, so do expect quite a bit of reviews from me in the upcoming weeks on my culinary journey!This episode features Le Village Buffet in Las Vegas.  Le Village Buffet, located inside Paris Las Vegas, is one of my favorite places to eat.  To set the record straight before we move forward, the food itself is mediocre but the ambiance of the place is absolutely fabulous!  After paying for your buffet fees, you walk into this beautiful french court yard with houses and flowers.  All this is created like a french village under a light blue sky.  I know it's a buffet but it's actually romantic enough to take a date out!  There you can really wine and dine her by picking up all sorts of tasty treats from each of the buffet stations.... isn't that awesome?  I'm not crazy about their pasta dishes so I'll pass on that... but they did have the typical meat sauce, and alfredo sauce pastas, and a pesto cream penne dish.Along the way I had trial portions of roast chicken, duck, sausage, salmon, roast veggies, stone crabs, and all of them tasted pretty good!  The one dish that really stood out for me was a butter steamed sole...  The fish was curled and wrapped very nicely into the shape of a rose, and steamed to perfection!  Sole itself is already soft and moist and this was just a rose of yumminess!  They came in small pieces like an actual rose so I had about 6 roses of it..... but a totally healthy and tasty dinner for me here for sure!As for dessert, lots of selections from bread pudding, cookies, cheesecakes, creme brulee, flan, ice cream, fruit tarts, etc.  All pretty tasty especially the creme brulee.... creamy and milky as the dessert melts in your mouth after leaving your spoon..... Just a really good ending to a nice night of buffet experience.So when you are in town, definitely give this place a try for the ambiance and the food... definitely worth the price!
4	I really like this buffet.  I am not sure if it is the cute "outside in Paris" theme, the creme brulee, or the CHEESE BUFFET, but I really like it.  We have eaten here twice, and although the wait time is atrocious, I would go back again!  Last time there were pushy line cutters behind us, but we made it through.  The different food choices are what makes this for me.  If you avoid the horde at the crab leg section, you can find a nice sample of traditional French dishes to try.  Me, i just fill up on cheese.  :)  Service is usually good - for a buffet.  Dessert selection is one of the better ones, with creme brulee and frozen custard.  Try to go during the week to avoid waiting 1+ hours in line!
1	The two things I love about Vegas is the free alcohol and the buffets.  I came here with my family since we heard it was the top three buffets to go to in Vegas.  We waited over 45 minutes to get seated.  My parents liked the fact that there were crab legs and so they were satisfied.  I, on the other hand, was very much disappointed.  There wasn't much choices and the quality of some of the food doesn't meet my expectations.  At one point, I ended up just getting a plate of cheese and that was the best plate I got here.  I left this place unsatisfied with a big appetite for something more to munch on.
2	In short form, overpriced, long waits, and average service.Having been to the Bellagio buffet earlier on our Vegas trip, the Buffet at Paris can't really compare at all. If you want to try multiple buffets, head to the Bellagio buffet last. We waited for the brunch buffet at 11:30am and proceeded to make no progress for the most part after 45 minutes. Diamond card members get the express treatment and causes the regular line to move twice as slow. The only saving grace for this buffet were the crepes, but even that's to say it's only better than the other food available. Bottom line, if you're in to 29.99 average crepes, this place is for you. Oh yeah, there's only one stall in the womens room (use the restrooms before or after the buffet in the main casino).
2	I've eaten here a few times in the last several years, but I never really want to come back.  I only come here if I'm staying at Paris or Bally's, or someone I'm with wants to go.  I never remember anything special about this buffet, other than they have a crepes station (which actually only tasted so-so this time, they ran out of nutella!).  Not that the food was bad, it actually tasted pretty good.  I had some of the prime rib, which was decent and cooked to a nice medium rare (that doesn't happen too often at buffets), fancy mac n cheese, creamed spinach...these I remember as tasting good.  I also sampled lots of other things but don't remember them.  They have a tiny sushi station now (??) that seems very out of place and frankly would be better without it as it only served crap (like pseudo california rolls with imitation crab sticks, bleh).  I was disappointed by their dessert selection (but I forgot/didn't see any creme brulee!).  Just had a mediocre crepe and raspberry cheesecake.  So, the food tastes decent but not memorable, and seems like a small selection (I prefer the bigger places like Rio's buffet) and not worth the price ($25 for dinner).
3	Got the "Buffet of Buffets" 24-hour pass to Harrah's buffets back in May 2010, and tried:1. Le Village Buffet @ Paris2. Emperor's Buffet @ Imperial Palace3. Carnival World Buffet @ Rio4. Spice Market Buffet @ Planet HollywoodThe servers were dressed up in theme... I guess maybe maidens or something?  I enjoyed the ambience and decor... felt quaint to me.  The food was hit or miss, but there was enough of a selection to just sigh and move onto the next item.I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could.  I feel like the other fine establishments I've given 4 stars would be offended I grouped Le Village Buffet with them, so I rounded down.  But I could see myself coming back... only if I do the 24-hour pass again.  It's just not worth the price when better food is out there at the same price.
2	Gee, this buffet used to be so good now it's horrible.   Was in Las Vegas last week and couldn't wait to eat at the Paris buffet.   This was our first stop upon arriving in Vegas.   What a letdown.   The line for the buffet wasn't that long but it took over 45 minutes just to get a table.  They didn't have enough people working.   The food quality and selection has really gone downhill.   No "Coq Au Vin."    That's what I was craving the most.   The made to order crepes are still quite good though.    The best buffet in Vegas now, in my opinion, is the Wynn which has good quality, high end food.
2	Let me preface this review by saying I love french food. It is one of my favs. Now to the review, don't waste your money or appetite at this buffet. At best it is mediocre, but realistically it just plain sucks. I have eaten here twice, the first time by choice, the second time I was talked into it. I tried to sample a bit of everything that looked appealing. I tried probably 25-30 very small portions of what they had to offer. This is how I like to work the buffets, and if there is anything I really like I go get more. Nothing was even so-so. Nothing tasted horrid, it was all just bland, boring and immediately forgettable. Also, some of the items resembled french food and even used their names like coq au vin, etc. But in reality, the food resembled French food about as much as the Hotel really resembles Paris. Feels more like Disneyland than France by a long shot. My advice, go to the Bellagio, Wynn or even The Buffet at the M. They are all far superior and you will have a much happier ending to your meal. Au revoir!After writing the previous review, I was talked into going back by my wife for breakfast. it was pretty good, nothing terrilby exciting but i was content and full afterwards. Good eggs, meats, smoked salmon (YUM), etc. My wife ordered a crepe and it was way to sweet for my pallette. I do have to admit, aesthetically, Le Village is one of the most pleasing buffets to eat in if nothing else. It feels nothing like a real French place though.
4	I so seldom give 5 stars reviews but I was very much tempted in this case. I was here yesterday w my girlfirend for breakfast.One of the best breakfasts on the strip my only problem with this place is the line. My guess is word has gotten around about how good this place is.  Worth the 20+ min wait thoughI usually sample little bits while eating. This place was just as I remember it, no better or worse than when I was here about 6-7 months ago.Good crepes station - fill with many different kinds of fruit. Love all the different cheeses and the sausage here was very good. We got in at just the right time about 10:40 got to enjoy breakfast and lunch items.I do believe they need to add more desserts the sugar free section looks better than what is on the other side...
4	The "Buffets of Buffets" the 24 hour pass to all Harrah property buffets. If you are planning to go to more than two of the buffets on the Harrah's list, it pays for itself. So we went to this buffet for dinner and breakfast.Dinner:There are many stations full of tons of full. The best things that I ate were the Prime Rib, cooke perfect and tender. The Beef rib was moist and tender. The brie, bacon, macaroni and cheese was one of the most delicious pasta dishes i have ever eaten. Roasted veggies would have been better if they had just been roasted. Truffle Mashed potatoes deliciously fluffy but couldn't taste the truffle. Dessert crepes were very good.Breakfast:Still full from the night before, we went to breakfast earlier than we wanted to because the line for breakfast is outrageous if you don't get there before 9am. Breakfast in some ways seemed like leftover dinner. The turkey sausage stuffed with sweet potato was the left over turkey breast grounded and then stuffed with the left over roasted sweet potato, not impressive tasting, but i like the resourcefulness of not wasting some of their food. Breakfast crepe apple was very good and huge row of fresh fruit that was ripe and delicious. The smoked salmon for bagels and lox was very good. I would go back.
4	great deal for breakfast.*omelets and crepes made to order your choice of filling.  make sure to have these first or save room as the food bar is tempting but these are the star players of the breakfast buffet.fruit, yogurt, cheese, pate and fresh salmon, cereal bars.  hot foods include slices ham, bacon, links, scrambled eggs, eggs benedict,  several frittatas, quiche, and etc.  Baked goods including an assortment of danishes, bagels, french toast, pancake/waffles, and breads. soft serve to finish.
5	Great place to stuff your self with great food, arrive early because the line does get long.. one of the best buffet in my opinion in vegas hands down..
4	Food was fresh and delicious, and service was friendly. I was pleasantly stuffed afterwards. =) The selection was pretty good concerning meat dishes, so you carnivores should be happy here. I was too stuffed that I didn't have enough room for crepes. So, don't make my mistake and save some room for dessert! I'm sure it was excellent, since the main dishes were pretty tasty!
4	This is definitely one of the more pricey buffets but it has it's perks. For me, it's the homemade crepe station. The food selection is a bit more gourmet than some of the other buffets in town, although it's certainly not french food, and the quality is a bit better too.  They offer a pretty wide selection of Mediterranean items as well as the usual buffet fare like salads, prime rib, pastas, etc. As for the desserts...it's all about the crepes!
2	That's a bil ole whoppin WTF for lunch. I've been to Village for all 3 meals before and lunch is definitely the worst. Dinner is average, and breakfast is the best. But lunch this time around was so pathetic. The selections are really heavy on the meat. Veal, roast beef (which is dry and inedible), pork, chicken, sausages, everything. I'd normally love a meat-centric meal, if it were actually good. But the quality of the meat was just horrible, and it's not like it had been sitting out for a few hours - we got to lunch just as they were switching over from breakfast. Meat and bread?! What kind of peasant meal is this?! Though I'd probably have difficulty laying out a strong selection for lunch. What are you supposed to serve anyway, sandwiches?! Lunch should be dinner, but lighter.. and with eggs. The desserts were also pretty lame.. I was excited they had French macarons but the creme brulee was more flan than creme boo. The one thing I can say is that the coffee was good, and unlimited. I'm not liking their fluorescent blue lighting in the main room - if you can, get seated in the tiny dining rooms off to the side with warm lighting and French accents. Warm lighting is important to a healthy appetite!Go for the breakfast, ONLY!!
5	Best Buffet for Breakfast. BBB bitchez!  Things I like: 1. Lox Lox Lox, you wont find it else where on the strip smoked salmon and bagels yummmm 2. Its not your run of the mill buffet, the typical ham and roast beef, crab legs. Yes they have these, but at Le Village you get a more specialized dining experience different cheeses, pates, and their desserts and french pastries all unique items 3. Champagne Brunch! all you can drink, make some mimosas dislikes: 1. Well waiting in line does suck, but it's inevitable at any decent vegas buffet
1	As someone who has actually traveled to Paris and had crepes, etc. there I have to say this is possibly the *worst* imitation I've ever had.  The food is just two steps short of inedible, specifically the crepes.  The chef has a horrible attitude.  So unless you like your crepes to taste more like pancakes with disgusting canned fillings, take your appetite somewhere else.  Perhaps even somewhere without lighting so dreary and dark that you can barely see your food or your dining companions.  My best guess about this place is that they purposely make it miserable so people leave quickly.  Depressing experience, both food and atmosphere wise.   Enjoyed the buffet at Aria or they Wynn much more.
3	Okay, I tried this place in '05 and honestly, I don't remember anything special about it so maybe 3 stars is still too many. If this place theme is suppose to be Paris, should there be more French food? Kind of generic. Well, at least this place isn't bad.
2	Maybe it was the (far) less than stellar service. Or the rude waitstaff. Or the price. But actually it was all of this combined with the crappy food (and lack of swift replacement) and high price that made me think this is one Vegas' worst buffets.
2	Did the Buffet of Buffets again and have to take stars away from this buffet. The prime rib was still very rare and very good, but the rest of the offerings were sub-par. There was also an unpleasant, rotten, putrid, smell coming from the raw seafood area...I don't know about you but that is not the smell I want coming from my raw seafood.The staff was slow, robotic, and scarce. Dirty plates sat on the tables and drinks sat empty for way too long a time. They had changed over from brunch to dinner well over 90 minutes prior to our arrival yet all of the signs on the food were still from brunch and did not match the food that they were describing.A very disappointing experience.
5	There will always be the image 2007, where one of my friends had to be wheelchaired out of this place because of their champagne brunch.Great food. The service strongly depends on your server, as it can make or break you time there. Champagne brunch is the bees knees. Some of my friends managed to get a pitcher of mimosas left at the table, or have the waitress just leave the bottle.God bless America.
4	FABULOUS for BRUNCH!!!Champagne brunch to be exact!  Champagne and Lox... Unlimited.  Can't get much better than that.  As any buffet... they have a huge selection and most places can't go wrong with breakfast.  They had everything from sweet to savory and done well considering it was a buffet.And... did I mention Champagne?
3	We went there on a Saturday brunch for the Champagne brunch. - Their concept is interesting, they have sections named after French regions, which was fun & interesting. - The seafood was hard to eat; their shrimp had the shells, and the crab shells were hard to crack. - The deserts and crepes were fabulous. - Arrived at around 10:30, we waited for more than an hour to get in.  That wait was crazy.Overall I understand why this is one of the best buffets in Vegas.
1	Service is horrible.  We waited in line for 1.5 hours.  We finally got in the door right at 11am and they abruptly closed all breakfast even though the manager stepped right in front of me before I got to the omelet station. He told me it was closed and wouldn't let me get an omelet.  Lunch was not out yet. They pulled groups of 4 or 5 out of line from behind us several times and let them go in ahead of us and they all got breakfast.  Food was mediocre at best but horrible non existent customer service.  Definitely would not recommended.
3	Okay, I kind of expected more after reading the reviews. We went here for the dinner buffet to try something a little different. They do have some special items that set them apart from others, but I would've liked to try bellagio's buffet instead since everyone keeps raving about it. There is typically a very long wait for dinners, we waited about an hour. Those who work at the cash registers before entering the buffet can be quite rude and ignore you while they talk amongst themselves. They act like that can't see you when you're clearly trying to make eye contact in order to pay. We had a party of four, even though the interior is nice it feels rather cramped. I do however enjoy their creme brulee. Despite being a major crab lover, I stayed away from theirs. The crabs for cold and tasteless.
2	Went to this place for dinner after reading reviews here. Food was over rated and bland.
2	The chef is either over worked or should be canned. Everything needed a little love...some seasoning here, butter there. Little things like prime rib cooked longer than the roast beef, bland soup, generic creme brule, noisy dish carts going by your table all the time, etc.Overall, it wasn't horrible but we're in vegas and everything is supposed to be over the top--not here just your plain Royal Fork-type restaurant.Oh yea, I loved the 30 minute wait to get seated and when finally got seated looked around and saw half the tables empty and staff just standing around.  ...when we left half the tables still empty and longer line.
4	Great buffet.  Its usually a really long line. But recently i went to vegas during the week for a convention and there was no line at all.  I had slightly bad service on the first time i went and when i asked one of the hostesses for a refill and she seemed real upset with me for asking.  Other then that it was great.  Food was really good.  And the buffet is pretty big and well designed.
3	Coming back from Paris over the summer, I knew I had high expectations. Being that Vegas has brought(or stolen) pieces from around the world and placed them in one city, I figured the food would have a large French influence with a dash of American on top.What was good? The ratatouille was not bad. The creme brulee had a nice caramelized shell ontop and a small sized serving. The prime rib and king crab were good like any other buffet would have it. But of all things I loved the shwarma. It was in the corner and all the stuff was separate, but I got the pita bread and filled it up with the hummus, lamb, roasted eggplant and some other stuff too.  It wasn't the freshest, since not many people were eating from there, but I loved it. The had chicken and beef too, but I really wished they had falafel.Sad food? The french onion soup was just sitting there, and I had to move over to sprinkle the croutons on, and the thick slices of assorted cheese was on the other side. In addition, the soup wasn't hot enough to meal the cheese.  It wasn't very tasty... A lot of the meat was really dry or bland.  I tried the canard de l'orange, but it just tasted like regular roasted duck. They had sushi... I didn't care for that.. at a french buffet? com'on. There were some different fish pieces that were bland, but i didn't know what to accompany it with due to how all the food was organized.  I tried a macaroon, and it was not made traditionally.  They stacked it incorrectly, it tasted more like bread than caramelized sugar, and the had some type of almond shavings on top to make it crunchy. And last of all.... the crepe.. sooo sad.... I saw the people before me get theirs and I saw how goopy it was, so I asked if I could have mine extra crispy.  I had nutella, bananas, whipped cream, and I also wanted apricots. However, she gave me a look and asked if I was sure as if I was crazy.  She put it on the side for me, instead and when I sat down to take a bite, still soggy. So soggy that my crepe had burst open...sighTo be honest, this was a buffet and the quality of food goes down when it is mass produced. On the other hand, it's a vegas buffet on the strip at $25 + tax and gratuity for our group of 20. The food was not bad for being a buffet, but wasn't great to be called french.
3	Aaron-OK.  Not the biggest, buffet, but I guess quality trumps quantity, right?  I'm not really sure what the typical expectations are for French food, but I hope that it's not this!  I had an alright time here, the food was decent, but I can say that there are many other buffets that you can drop better coin on.  If you're going to spend any money here, hit up the craps table... and then go to the Wynn Buffet ;)Haha just kidding.  Kinda.
3	I was very excited to try the Paris Buffet because I heard it was pretty good... but NO GOOD! Food was very salty. Meat is extremely dry. I didn't eat a lot of the stuff on my plate because it just wasn't good. The crepe bar was nice, but that's a given considering we're in "Paris". Very average buffet that I probably would not go to again.However our server was extremely friendly and kind. +1 for that =) I didn't think it was worth the price for the dinner buffet.. I would think it's better for a lunch/brunch. It's probably worth a stop if you buy the Buffet of Buffets (~40 for 24 hour buffet pass at 7 buffets) which is what I did the next day.
4	Let me just say this:My first visit to Paris buffet was for the Sunday brunch, which my group waited almost two hours for. We spent most of that time standing, sitting on the floor and leaning on walls as we needed to. When we all were seated, we ran for our first rounds and devoured our food, drinking unlimited mimosas as we went along. Between the first and second rounds a MOTHER EFFING CURTAIN ROD fell from the wall above us, swung down and almost knocked the life out of my friend (whose skull was spared because I motioned him closer to say something at the very instant the rod came crashing down). Meal refunds, a switch from unlimited mimomas to straight up champagne (which our server kept pouring), three rounds of food, and a year later, WE WENT BACK. It's THAT good. Granted, after the whole curtain rod debacle, we were terrified to be seated in one of the "indoor" areas, but the food drew us back in. The meats are cooked really well and are good quality- so are all the other hot dishes. The bread selection is exceptional, which is to be expected of a french buffet. I wish I could've had more of the dinner options, but was out there was great (just can't remember what I had). Lastly, the dessert and crepes lent to making it one of the better buffets for sweets (this coming from a person who hates most buffet desserts). I haven't been back for a while since Studio B and M stole my attention, but this ranks high amongst my choices.
5	The lines were short  and the food was excellent, now if Le Village Buffet would only add beef wellington to menu. It would make an excellent addition to both the prime rib & roast beef.
4	Came here for the brunch.  It was decently priced at $24.95 for a Sunday brunch.  It had crab legs and shrimp legs, same as all the other buffets at night.  The crab legs were more trouble than they were worth, though, as they were difficult to eat, and I am a lazy eater.  I did enjoy their omelets with everything on it.  There's plenty to choose from here.  The only downside, in my opinion, is the long line.  Still, all you need to do is just show up early.  And I agree with Eunice K., not much of a sushi selection.
3	This was the first stop on our buffet of buffets journey. I had lyonnaise potatoes, chicken and bacon sausage, an assortment of cheeses, warm cherries, scrambled eggs with lox, and poached pear. It was all very good. My wife had a banana and blueberry crepe and eggs florentine which were also good. The waitresses were extremely friendly and the setting was very unique and Parisian.
4	I sincerely wished I was not severely hungover when my friends and I came here. :( I did not enjoy my $24.99+tax brunch buffet to its full potential.The ambiance is so cute! Looks like a little French town. I didn't feel like they had much selection for its price, but I did try the:mashed potatoes: SO GOOD. SO CREAMY. SO BUTTERY.duck: pretty good!roasted beef: it was alright.turkey: dry sausage: good and juicy!crepe with nutella: warm and gooeycreme brulee: not too greatsteamed fish: delicious as well...among other items I cannot recall at this particular moment. It would have been worth $20 but not ~$30.I suppose the only reason it costed more was its unlimited champagne. Unfortunately I was unable to enjoy this as well since the thought of alcohol made me throw up inside.
3	This place is good, one of the best buffets on the Vegas strip.  I'm not a picky eater, I like very basic food.  I find the pasta at this place the most enjoyable thing.  Sometimes I walk around looking at the food, searching for something to get.  Most buffets that I like don't have me walking around looknig so much, I usually just want to grab everything and go... but this place didn't have that.  So as per the reviews below, the interior design and the setup is really cool, but for me the food quantity is lacking a bit.  I actually prefer the MGM buffet to this one, but many will not agree with me.   Derek
3	Buffets are interesting.  Some times, you go and eat a ton ignoring the quality of the food.  Other times, you go and eat as much as you can knowing full well that you're scarfing down some good restaurant grade grub.  Le Village Buffet falls kind of in the middle.  The Ups:Good CrepesThe downs:Crab Legs not always fresh tasting and hard to eatDesserts selection is sub par (Minus the crepes)ServiceThe middle grounds:The prime rib, chicken, veggies, pastas, rice, etc.So what, why?  When you have so many choices of buffets in a place like vegas, there's no reason you should go somewhere you don't love.  Honestly, most the food is just okay and one of the biggest appealing things for me is the snow crab/king crab legs.  Since this place's weren't that good, it's just okay by my standards.  That and the waitresses that served us on multiple occassions were not attentive.  It could be that we had a big group but it could also just be that they forced us to have the 18% tip and they didn't want to earn it.  In the end, I'd go back if others want to but I'd rather go somewhere else.
3	We came here for the $25.00 unlimited champagne brunch and found the buffet to be good but definitely not amazing or great. There were some really good items to be had such as the fresh made to order crepes - yum! The tortellini which was creamy and delish, the country potatoes, assortment of cheeses and fresh buns, and some tasty creme brulee. There was also a large selection of fresh fruits which I really enjoyed. On the other hand, I found a lot of the proteins offered to not be too good. They have unlimited amounts of crab legs, but unfortunately as much as I like seafood, I have a hard time eating cold crab legs first thing in the morning so I was unable to enjoy that part of the Buffet. The unlimited champagne is fabulous! Our server was a quite overworked and they seemed to be short staffed, but we still managed to have about 4 glasses of champagne each which was more than enough. All in all, this is a pretty solid choice for breakfast or brunch while in Vegas, specially if you enjoy champagne or mimosas with your meal. Also, there are long lines to get in this place so be prepared for a wait of 30min +.
2	Meh sums it up.  For the price, definitely not worth it.  The food was decent, but no real standouts.  It didn't even seem particularly French.  Granted we went for a normal breakfast (not brunch), but we expected a good variety of decent French pastries.  The variety was seriously underwhelming as was the quality.  Best things here are the made to order crepes, the sausage bread pudding and the prime rib hash.  We were very disappointed by the lack of variety in fresh fruit or anything else fresh for that matter.  There was no salad bar at all. The eggs benedict were poorly cooked.  Whoever heard of hard-boiled eggs benedict?   On the upside.  We had the nicest waitress.  Very good service from her and she was so friendly.  The Bellagio buffet for nearly the same price (and lunch too) is a much, much better deal.  With far better food.
4	Le Village Buffet is a nice buffet w/ nice European/French chateau style decor. Many good quality foods here. The style here isnt broken up by type of foods but all together. They have lots of european syle cuisine that seem to be wine infused. They have crepe station, serve escargot, Duck, pastas, chicken, fish with different types of sauces but definitely good quality...Oh yeah they french pastries and a minimal choice of desserts but good...
4	This is my second time to Paris Buffet but I realize i should have done what i did the first time and go to the Champagne Brunch as opposed to the Dinner. Their Brunch Buffet is much more of a standout. Therefore I'm rating it 4 stars for what i remember of the Brunch buffet and not rating dinner as very good, at least compared  to other buffets on the strip like the Wynn and Bellagio. Brunch, however, is a standout. Get in line early though! And no matter what, prepare to stand in line for a while- their service is slow and understaffed! Happened both times i went to this eatery., Just think French Breakfast and that that should get your mouth drooling. I miss how I had unlimited champagne for a time period which was included in the brunch package. And at that time, there were yummy berry platters and amazing cheeses.  Dont bother with the fruit crepes, however! The buffet uses canned fruits which make the crepes soggy and unappetizing.  Instead,  go across to Le Creperie which uses real fruits and the batter of the crepe tastes amazing!. Other good dishes at dinner:  they had a beef tips dish that was really yummy and excellent grilled veggies. And as always, the flan is SO good!
3	You'll first notice the huge hour plus line while walking through the Paris hotel. If you're good with waiting, you'll be presented with a decidedly French themed buffet.What I liked most is that you can get a crepe made in front of you. You'll get a choice between three types, cherry, blueberry and a fruit of the day. I'm a big fan of the cherry variety, so I ordered that. They also have a dark cherry topping you can add along with hazelnut bits. There is a large salad bar area and a slightly smaller dessert section.I think there might be better options when waiting in line this long for a buffet in Las Vegas. If you like French themed food like crepes, there are a couple of other good dishes here too. Thanks to Caesar's Entertainment Corp for supplying me with a buffet wristband to test a few out.I would like to try the Champagne Brunch, as others have suggested, which might add an extra star to this buffet.
2	THE +'s: the service. those were some friendly servers.THE -'s: the food was gross...everything that you'd think bad about buffet food can be found here. lukewarm and overcooked selection of all the basic buffet food groups. they had some french inspired stuff (this is the paris casino afterall) but, as previously mentioned, just cooked terribly. oh yieah, grungy/sticky furnishings in a "flowers-puked-all-over" decor. dark lighting -- probably so you can't see the bad food too clearly.SUM: it's somewhat less expensive than other dinner buffets but not worth the amount paid cuz when i go to a buffet, i go to eat my fill. and i can't eat my fill if the food is icky-poo. i hate to be mean in reviews but damn, i just don't like it here.
3	Uh, this buffet was actually kind of disappointing. I loved the french themed food: creme brule, french onion soup, and some other french delicacies. Unfortunately, all the other food was pretty disappointing. Even the creme brule was okay.The best thing has got to be the crepe making station. There was a lady making crepes with the desired fruit topping you want. The lady unfortunately messed up my order and gave me cherries instead of strawberries. So, I had a blueberry, cherries, and banana crepe topped with powdered sugar and nutella. It was pretty good. The potatoes were really old and soggy. The vegetables that I got were  not fresh at all. I compared this buffet to the one at Planet Hollywood and I have to say that the buffet at Planet Hollywood was better, even though it does not have all the french stuff that this buffet has.
4	This was my second (and unfortunately final) stop on my tour of Buffets that never really happened (I'll elaborate on my review for the Buffet of Buffets). As all of you know I like to get the negative details out of the way first before I talk about how much I love a place so: The line was ridiculous. Granted, I did go on Christmas day (and I thought by doing this I would actually BEAT the crowd. The reason I went out on Christmas instead of staying home was because I wanted to do something different. I always thought most people still prefer to stay at home during the holidays?), but it's really hard for me to say the wait was worth it if the line is almost 3 hours long and I'm not even exactly hungry anymore. Also, this is quite possibly the worst layout of a buffet I have ever seen. There's no obvious exit, most of the tables are placed way too closely to the buffet stations and there's barely any space to maneuver from station to station in the buffet. I really don't think I have ever felt more claustrophobic.There, done griping. Anyways this is one of the best buffets I have ever been to. Not gonna lie, when I first looked through the buffet before picking out my food I thought it was going to be disappointing due to the lack of diversity because I'm still kind of under the impression that a buffet is only good if there's loads and loads of international variety. (Unless we're talking about the neighborhood Chinese buffet) I'm accustomed to buffets offering stations for Chinese, Mexican, Sushi, Italian, etc.... so I was really thrown off when I saw this buffet was set up more like a French grocery store. However, once I made myself a plate, I realized that the food was of very good quality. This was basically my introduction to French food, and it's good to see that the legend about French cooking being essentially small pieces of meat swimming in fancy sauces isn't true. There also are some international options if you look (for example, in the grill (or is it rotisserie?) section there's pita bread and hummus next to the beef and lamb slices, so there you go, you can make yourself a gyro). Word of advice: This is definitely not a place to take a vegetarian. I mean, of course the typical buffet is hell for any non-meat eater but other than 2 or 3 big bowls of salad and bread there's pretty much nothing here. I also fell in love with the crepe section. This was actually my first time having ever eaten a crepe, I've been wanting to try one for a really long time but never seem to get around to it (and it's somewhat hard to find a place that makes them in Vegas to begin with) and it was SO good. I got a strawberry filled one with powdered sugar and caramel syrup on top. I so would have grabbed another one if I didn't mind feeling like a masochist, but alas, I'm getting more self-conscious about my weight these days. Oh well. So basically this is not a buffet to go to if you're looking for variety in a non-specific sense, but it's a very high quality one regardless, I'll go as far to say it's even better than the Bellagio, and at regular price it's about $15 less. I would go here again just for the crepes. Just remember to get here shortly before or right after each meal has begun and definitely don't go during a really busy time such as a holiday or else you will practically have to get in line on the bridge to Bally's.
4	THEY HAVE A CREPE BAR!!! It's not fresh fruit, and it will most likely give you diabetes. That being said, they make your crepes for you fresh (unlike the Spice Market at Planet Hollywood). You can top your crepes (they actually fold your fruits in like the Taco Bell cruch wrap supreme) with strawberry, banana, cherry, peaches and nuts. I got there for breakfast and got to look at the omlette bar right before they took it down. They do tend to focus a little more on "french" food and desserts, but it's still your standard buffet fare. This buffet is better than the average buffet because there is a HUGE amount of variety, even for a Vegas buffet. I really liked the way that even inside the buffet, they made an effort to continue the Parisian small town motiff. Servers are dressed up peasant style (my memory might be faulty and it might have just been the seating hostesses. . . my mind was fully preoccupied on crepes)For those who sleep in late, or are stuck in the long line outside worrying about missing out on delicious food, don't worry! They WON'T kick you out once breakfast is over. You can just sit there, nurse your pleasantly stuffed belly, and wait till you feel like continuing on to lunch! If you love crepes, this is a must for a Las Vegas buffet stop (I also highly recommended the creperie across from the buffet if the buffet line is too long, the crepes are better)
2	Pretty disappointing, especially for a Christmas brunch. I ordered a chocolate and strawberry crepe from the crepe bar and I'm pretty sure they were just using Hershey's chocolate syrup. Ick. Why not use chocolate chips that melt down as the crepe cooks?! That's what I do... lol.Everything else was pretty bland, and not very French, for that matter. Where were the croque monsieurs? Croissants? Baguettes? Le sigh.I did like their French onion soup... And their creme brulee was pretty good, but honestly, the one at Planet Hollywood's buffet was better, oddly enough.
3	We were huge fans of this buffet in prior years. W have only visited for breakfast/brunch but felt, in the past, that the selection and quality was very good for the money. However, on this last visit, we felt the quality had declined.Pros: Crepes made to order, a good selection of cheeses, clean restaurant, parisian theme is fun, little red breakfast potatoes, panacakes, variety of optionsCons: Croissant was stale, the long line (30-45 min wait on avg), belgian waffle was hard as a rock.
1	The wait was NOT worth the wait.Honestly, I don't know what was the hold up with the line.  As I was waiting with my group, I looked up on Yelp and when I saw people saying they were waiting in line for over an hour, I judged the length of my line and thought maybe 20 minutes tops.  Boy, was I wrong.  They were seating a party about every 3 minutes.  I'll give them the benefit and say that it was probably due to their limited seating, and hope that it is not simply the staff's inefficiency. The offerings at the buffet itself were not very 'French' as per the assumed theme this buffet was projecting.  Most of the spoon handles had been in use for too long (and looked like they were given to a teething infant for a few hours and felt just as sticky as you can imagine).   The food that those instruments dished up was bland, and not very appealing.I will say our server kept on top of our drinks (non-alcoholic), but missed the plates.  The whole staff just seemed over-loaded by the crowds and like they had never experienced such an amount of patrons in their restaurant at a time.  Really confused as to what this was all about since our server mentioned to us that this happens all the time.  Well, then prepare for it a little more!As stated previously, totally not worth your wait in line.  While you're waiting there, look over the reviews of the Bellagio buffet, and if you can cough up a few dollars more, ditch this line and head across the street.  You'll be glad you did, trust me.
3	We always go here when we are in Vegas. It's not real French food, but its kinda close.
1	I don't remember Le Village Buffet being THIS bad!  I honestly believe their quality went down over the years because I seriously don't remember not wanting to return after eating here.If it weren't for the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass, I'd be seriously angry.  We waited over an hour to eat lunch and when we got in, the food was anything BUT French.  I've been to Paris and they've done a nice little job decorating the place but the food was terrible.  I can usually tell how good a buffet is by my desire to return to get seconds.  Well, after my first run through, I wasn't excited whatsoever.  I ended up stuffing myself on crab legs that weren't cracked and on shrimp that were partially peeled.I recall Paris having awesome desserts.  When I got there, I saw flan and was excited to get that for dessert but they stopped serving it!  OMG, how can they stop serving flan?!  Not to mention, they didn't even have creme brulee like they did in the past.  Half the dessert weren't even French and the lady working at the dessert station threatened me because I took too many fruits, saying I can't take them out because they have security at the door.  That statement is laughable in so many ways.  First of all, I took the fruit because there were nothing to eat and way to be presumptuous!  And security to check to make sure we weren't smuggling fruits out of the buffet? LOL!!  I'm sure they'd really pay someone money to stand at the exit to pat people down before they left.  C'mon!Oh and the crepes station?  OVERRATED!  It's nothing like the real thing, trust me.
3	very good for a buffet in spite of the incredibly long line.  great desserts (creme brulee) and decent meats and veggies.
1	I just came back from the buffet with a terrible stomach ache, something I ate was bad, I think were the crab legs. As previous comments I have always considered this restaurant one of the best. I started to doubt the quality when I was charged $24.99 for dinner, which I thought it was cheap and the comments from my party were, hopefully quality remains the same, WRONG quality is going downhill,
2	This used to be one of my favorite buffet in Vegas.. but recent experience has been unsatisfactory.  Let's just say the french would be pretty disappointed had they ate at this buffet today.   I seriously remembered the buffet was a lot better before. The snow-crab legs were puny, dirty looking, looked very unappetizing I didn't even want to touch it.The king crab legs were soggy bland didn't taste very good either.Other than that everything else was okay (3 star/ mediocre).  I hope they seriously improve this place, it's actually a very good concept - a buffet with a french inspired twist.
1	I'm not a big fan of buffets.  This has to do with not being able to eat my money's worth and a severe sense of guilt for wasting food.  24 hour buffet pass to the rescue!!!  I'm a Total Rewards member of the Harrah's properties so I got to use my pass at ALL their buffets.  More on this later.The only thing I liked about this one?  The bottomless flute of champagne and their white chocolate chip cookies.  Other than that, nothing really jumped out at me screaming "OMG, I'M DELICIOUS!!"Long story short, unless you like waiting in line for a long time for blah food, don't come here.  If you're planning on drinking your money's worth in the form of champagne and have dessert, then this might be worth your while.
4	4-stars for the breakfast & brunch.HIghlighted by the crepe buffet.Never had dinner here.
3	One of the best deals in Vegas is the 39.99 24 hour buffet within Harrah's properties.  When Paris is already like what...$30 by itself already, this is a no brainer.  If you're rolling cheap in LV like we were this trip, then definitely get this deal and head over here at least once.For the buffet itself, obviously, you get a lot of french inspired foods.  Good if you're a duck fan (confit and a l'orange) and seafood lover.  Also, you get some grilled whitefish and heated crab legs if you're diamond player.  Typically, nothing spectacular, just decent buffet grub.
1	this wuz 1 of my favorite buffets in vegas... never again!!! my boyfriend and i got there around 7pm.  the wait in line wuz 2 hours long!!! ridiculous!!! everybody and their mothers wuz here.  the food wuzn't all that it used 2 b... since it wuz 9pm, they close @ 10pm, most of the dessers were gone!!! that's the main reason i go there.  maybe the sunday brunch is still good... who knows, and who cares now!!!
3	Kudos to Le Village Buffet for being the only buffet I've been to that serves Sierra Mist.Very unexpected for a buffet I've bookmarked for a while now. By unexpected, I mean average. Not a lot of variety of food. I had 3 plates of food and came back with almost the same stuff. Prime rib is great - when is prime rib ever not?Do NOT get the "mashed potatoes". They're only semi-mashed..they're all mushed slices of potatoes. The sushi bar isn't so great. There were only about 3-4 kinds of sushi, which weren't so great. I loved the shrimp & cocktail bar, all the shrimps just lying there. Also, get the crab legs, they're fresh!The BEST part about the buffet was the crepe section. There's a long line for it but well worth the wait. The crepes are good, and you get to choose as much fillings as you want. Really nice lady behind the counter. And by the way, what's with people not leaving tips? At least leave a dollar for God's sakes, seeing that there are waiters there who clean up your mess. My waiter was so nice, very energetic, despite that he seemed old, but had my plates off the table once I've finished, so huge props to him! I wouldn't say I got my $30 worth since I've had better, but it's not the worst I've had.
4	Good quality food, good mixture.  Crepe bar is nice and some solid mediteranean selections.  The lamb was excellent and prime rib is a go.  One of the better buffets in town.
5	Dear Mindy,I love you, you stole my heart.At first I thought we were going to be disappointed as we waited in the pending to be seated bench for over 20 minutes as we saw servers slowly clear tables one plate at a time. Soon after, we were seated at a table with no silverware and no one taking our drink orders. When we asked for assistance, Mindy came to the rescue.She is a doll of a person, a happy-go-lucky lady with the swagger of a G6, sashaying through the tables with her trusty bottle of champagne. Thankfully, she didn't mind that I would finish the champagne before she finished refilling the table, thus getting second helpings.The food was top-notch. I died on crab legs. Their sausage was so good too, as is their chicken, duck, buttered broccoli, and mashed potatoes. Skip the french onion soup. It looked gross and tasted bland.However, the hat is tipped to Mindy.Thank you Mindy for encouraging us to get the most bang for our buck when it came to 3:30 and the last round of champagne has come. Your Grace Kelly charm and Tina Fey wit was not unnoticed, as well as all the strings you pulled to make our buffet experience beyond all buffet experiences.That little extra effort makes all the difference, and the $$$ in tips.Though I have thus returned back to my suburban enclave, I've left my heart in Las Vegas.Je t'embrasse
3	Waited almost 2 hours for this buffet.  At first, it was all breakfast food, but it was already lunch?  Well there was lunch still though.  Then the dinner menu should have come out and I waited and the breakfast items were still there?!  I did get my grub on.  There was prime rib which was cooked a bit too rare for my taste.  The other stuff was good.  The salmon especially.  A lot of things going on.  Dessert island was full of cookies and pies and whatnot.  The salad area was a bit depressing.  I guess the best part was the complimentary champagne.
4	I like this buffet! Went here once and would definitely go again.We were staying in Paris back in 2009 so we decided to try out the buffet. When we got down there, the line was so long! It was a Sunday morning after all. To the left of the buffet, they have a special line where youp ay about $10 more and you get to skip right to the front of the line. Totally worth it. You also get some mimosas. The food is unique and full of the flavor. The layout is also adorable. The food is very french inspired. It is split up into the 5 French provinces I think.I recommend this buffet! It's different and delicious.
2	What the hell happened?I love buffets, and I love Vegas buffets.  My partner and I take them very seriously and actually plan our trip around them. Paris Le Village Buffet was always a MUST for breakfast.  But in the 4 years or so since I have visited, it has gone WAY down hill.In the past, you could try cheeses and pates, freshly baked breads and croissants, crusty quiches,  just an amazing assortment. If you could think of a breakfast dish, it was there -- and it was well made. Imagine our disappointment to discover that our beloved buffet has become nothing but a laden trough of processed dishes that taste at best--average.  Seriously, it all tasted like it had been bought from Sam's Warehouse. I give it two stars since they still have the freshly made crepe station and the service was good, but honestly this is not worth waiting in line for in anyway. If you have eaten there before 2007 and remember it being awesome, you are in for an extreme let down.
2	WOW!! After returning here 2 years since the last time, what the hell happened?I used to rave to people to come here for lunch, and after dropping by here a couple weeks ago, I was deeply disappointed! We were here for brunch, and it was about $30/person with unlimited Mimosa. Man, dessert was disappointing too! I didn't feel the $30 justified my brunch! It should've been more like $15!Guh, i need to find another lunch buffet I can rave about to my friends. Sad I didn't drop by and try the M buffet!Wynn for dinner is still a winner.
3	This buffeet  was ok. Like the separate little rooms with quick wait staff. Went for breakfast/lunch. Lots of egg choices which was nice. Most items were just good, not great. Decent value for the price. Wynn is wayyyyyyyyy better.
4	Great environment.  I loved the lamb there.  Will come back again!
3	Good for its price!! Had lots of great choices. But stay away from the Mediterranean section. The meat was too dry. Everything else was great! The prime rib was great and the German sausages. But my personal favorite part of the buffet was the dessert section!! Yummy!! They had everything from tiramisu to creme brulee!! I smuggled some cookies in my pocket.
1	I really question all the positive reviews here. Are we talking about the same place? We came here for lunch a few days ago, and it was awful. You're way better off spending a few more bucks to go to the Bellagio buffet.There is something very depressing about the lighting of this faux village. It is like perma dusk, but ugly. The limited food options do not make up for the environment. Among the offenses:- This place promotes its crepe bar, but it shouldn't. Le Village Buffet managed to do the impossible: It ruined Nutella. They slather on way too much Nutella for their crepes. There are no fresh fruit options available. My friend took a banana from another part of the buffet, cut it up and asked them to put the banana in a Nutella crepe. They didn't understand this and instead put banana inside and Nutella outside.- The only real seafood option was tiny shrimp that looked like it came from a freezer bag. You also had to shell the shrimp yourself.- Things like broccoli and tortellini were dry and undercooked. Even the pears -- something that requires no cooking, just putting out for people to take -- were so unripe they were inedible.
1	Looks like this place has been going down the drain recently!!!I came here based on recommendations from friends. Boy, was I disappointed.You can't deny the quantity of food. There was plenty.  Quality: now that's another issue.  Everything I ate was room temperature. Pasta. Room temperature. Meat. Room temperature. Soup. Room temperature.  There was no flavor in the food. Very disappointing.Now, even though the food was terrible, it was not the worst part! The service was horrid.  Never in my life I thought to be treated this way. It started innocently by asking for a bowl for my soup.  I rudely heard "ask your server". I don't want to ask my server. I am asking you.  Then, I went to get some not-prime rib. After slicing my piece, the not-attendant literally threw the meat into my plate. "Are you serious" I thought. But, we were just getting started.  We have been in the restaurant for about 30 minutes, coming and going, trying to find something decent to eat. Since my utensils got dirty, I asked the server for some new ones. Nothing. I asked again. Nothing. I asked another person. Nothing. One more time. Nothing. Finally, I got up to get my own silverware. Than I hear "I need to see your receipt". I thought he was talking to someone else. Nope, he was directing his question to me. I explained I have been here for a while and "don't you remember my handsome face". "No" he replied. Anyway, I ignored him, got my fork and went back to suffer from the food on my plate.Please, don't make the mistake my friends and I made.  DO NOT COME HERE. Don't even think about coming here.  Unless of course, you want to laugh at terrible food and bad service.
3	Got the champagne brunch on Sunday before we left. Waited around 30 minutes in line. A little over $30 with tax. Tip - you leave on the table, even if you pay by credit card so bring extra cash with you.Food was OK. Kind of like a fancy college buffet. There were things like eggs benedict, french toast, carved steak, waffles, rosemary/garlic potatoes, bacon, etc. The bacon was my favorite - it was so good.Seafood is all watered down and tastes like they were all frozen and then thawed. There were crab legs, cocktail shrimp (with the shell on), smoked salmon...Fruits are OK. Kind of watery too. Cantaloupe, honeydew melon, grapes, pineapples were the fruits. Desserts were pretty good - the best were the lemon macarons. Creme Brulee was decent, the cakes were a little too sweet, and the flan kind of lacked taste. They ALWAYS ran out of chocolate-covered strawberries, so ask your server for them.Orange juice is watered down. Just mix with your champagne to make a mimosa.Service is decent - it's a buffet. Took a little while to get their attention to clean up our old plates, which I think should be a priority.
4	GREAT variety of foods and desserts. Great service! I especially loved the jonah crab legs AND the pesto pasta!!!! yummos! They have everything here...duck, lame, oysters, crab, sausages, turkey, tri tips...everything literally...only thing i failed to try was the soups. :(The crepes are AMAZING! we got an apple caramel crepe which pairs perfectly with warm strawberry sauce and whipped cream!!!! I am drooling just thinking about it!Especially loved the creme brulee! I could've eaten more but we had to leave to get ready for the party. :(I love the decor. Reminds me of a village in...France? lol. I feel like I am in another time period. TIME WARP!The costumes they wear are ridiculous and makes them look like peasants. A bit demeaning if you ask me, but whatevs. Anyhoo, I will be back! Love the variety! And i LOVE the ambiance. Very romantic and I'd suggest anyone on a date to dine here.
4	Super Bowl weekend with the guys and we do 2 buffets a day, it is embarassing but that is what we do. We did Bellagio, Mandalay Bay and Paris.  Paris buffet review is for breakfast/lunch.  It was winner hands down.  Mandalay Bay is looking old, did have King Crab legs that were sliced in half at dinner the remaining selection was weak. I would pass.  As for Paris, we ate there twice, wished we had gone for dinner over MBay.  Nice combination of everything, homemade crepes were nice, wide variety of carnivore foods, carbs, carbs carbs, little cups of creme brulee quite yum.  Bellagio buffet seemed over rated.. on a side note cannot believe that there were 5 people playing blackjack at a $300 a hand minimum table at Bellagio.. what do those people do for work ! sign me up!
3	I've tried Wynn, Bellagio, and Paris buffets. I decided to come to Paris for lunch because I had a good experience my first time. Also, I did not want to spend more than $20 for lunch since I really cannot eat that much as my first meal. The food was okay for the price. If I wrote a review after my first time experience it would have been 4 stars, but this time the servers were really weird. The wait was 45minutes even though there were many empty tables. Please hire more servers, or do something to make things more efficient!
3	Not as much selection as my favorite buffets like the Rio and M Resort.  Really, the only thing that stands out to me is that they offer fresh made crepes.  And the line is always long here.  This place is included in that 24 hour unlimited buffet deal for $40.
3	The service was great but food was not that good as I expected. I was so disappointed with the selection of food they had.. kind of wasted my money and time..
3	I had higher expectations for this buffet.  I will say that it was just OK.  The crepes for breakfast were pretty good, and they did OK for dinner.  But it's not the best in Vegas.  Some dishes were hit or miss.
2	If you are looking to eat any kind of meat here, dont even think about it, all you will get is overcooked meat that is tough and tastes like cardboard.  The food was a major fail, however, the only thing that was pleasant was the desserts, crepe station was great!  But we did not pay $30 for a dessert buffet.  If you want a decent buffet, go to Encore or the Bellagio.
4	For the price Le Village Buffet is a great place to eat when you're in Vegas. They lose points with me on the seafood presentation as well as the fruit displays.  Oddly enough (for Paris) the desserts needed a little help as well.The seafood could have been tastier. The fruit did not look inviting and the dessert table looked too picked over.  However, you must try the custard ice cream - really good.The red meat, pork, potatoes, Middle Eastern, Italian and Mexican table stations and presentations were all very good.Trust me on this one...
3	I thought the service was great... I went for the dinner buffet. The prime rib was delish and the creme brulee was amazing!! Aside from that I thought everything was pretty standard.
2	Well color me disappointed.Did a walk-through of the buffet about a year ago when I was visiting with my mother and it looked promising.  Really.  The only reason we didn't go was her friend didn't want to spend the $30/head to eat dinner there.Fast forward to a trip I made with my boyfriend, I insisted we go.We stood in line for probably 20 minutes, forked over our cash, and were taken to our seats.This is a true buffet - it is just random foods that really having nothing to do with Paris.The salad bar looked pretty rough so I skipped it.  Boo.I actually couldn't find anything that was really delicious.  I was eating just to fill up as opposed to enjoying and appreciating the food, flavors, presentation.  YES, it is a buffet, I get that, but the food tasted really boring.  Heck, the Orleans buffet blows this one away.  They boasted of their giant crab legs when we were paying (before eating), but the guy in the seafood hut told us they haven't had them in a week.The drink lady took forever to come around.  We were finished our first plate by the time she came over.I really wanted to love this place, so much that I was willing to be pretty forgiving.  But when all was said and done, I found myself apologizing to the boyfriend for having subjected him to it.  O.O
5	Had a good dinner here as part of my Buffet of Buffets deal. Salmon was moist and fresh. The best selection of cheeses, breads, and crackers. Seafood not very appealing due to presentation. Neat French-themed ambience.
2	We went here on Sunday for the tail-end of the brunch buffet. We got in line a little bit before 2pm, and finally after about an hour we were finally seated and got to roam the food stations. None of the food stood out as particularly amazing, but I'd have to say that the highlights were probably the brie and bacon macaroni and the prime rib. I was in a breakfast mood so I also tried the eggs benedict, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns, and a crepe. The bacon and sausage were good, but the scrambled eggs were way watery and had a very odd consistency. The eggs benedict was pretty good, but it seemed like it had been sitting out for a while. However, we were a bit disappointed when we had been sitting at our table for about 15-20 minutes and our server told us that they had completely run out of champagne. How do you run out of champagne for a champagne brunch? That made absolutely no sense to me. They offered us wine after a while, but I was really looking forward to the champagne....boo. It would have been nice if they had comp'ed us something at least. If you do decide to come here, I'd come early so they don't run out of champagne on you. If you're going to do multiple buffets while you're in Vegas i'd probably do this one first, because compared to the other buffets i've been to in Vegas (Mandalay Bay and Bellagio), the quality of the food just wasn't there.
4	Of the buffets I tried with the Buffet of Buffets Pass, Le Village Buffet was my favorite (went there for breakfast and dinner).  Not only do they have a good selection of pretty decent quality food but I love the theme of this place.  As with the rest of the Paris shops area, Le Village Buffet is decorated to make it seem like you are literally eating inside a village and going to various houses/shops for your food...super cute!Breakfast included lox and bagels, various cream cheeses, mini quiches, made to order omelets, different flavored yogurts, fresh fruits, muffins and pastries and dessert crepes.Dinner included not only French fare but there were also Italian and Middle Eastern dishes as well as sushi.  There were also tons of crab legs and cocktail shrimp as well as raw oysters.  However, my favorite was definitely the desserts.  I tried their creme brulee, flan, tiramisu, fruit tart, chocolate cake and a pistachio cookie bar thing and they were all delicious.  I probably got my money's worth with just trying their desserts...lol.  The desserts alone are enough to entice me back...yum!P.S. Our server introduced us to palmers (tea mixed with lemonade) and it is soo good and refreshing...you have to try it if you go!
4	This was the first stop for our Buffet of Buffets adventure.  We had dinner at around 8.  The line was a little annoying, but the wait was worth it.  The space is amazing.  It was like we walked into a small town in France.  I love that there were little "rooms" with different themes.  Five stars for the decor, four for the food.
4	I was all set to write this place off as completely over-rated, but I have to admit, this buffet is pretty darn good. Usually, the line for this buffet is ridiculous. My visit to Vegas this time was mid-week, and I was fortunate enough to choose a good time to chow down, as the line was a scant 20 people deep.Pretty interior, lots of seating, interesting sections which gave you a feeling like there was inside seating and outside seating because of little 'rooms' within the seating area. Plenty of choices to satisfy most cravings. Standard buffet fare and some non-standard selections as well. Most people gravitate to the crab legs at buffets, I'm more of a prime rib kinda gal. The prime rib here was pretty good. I admit, I grabbed some of the mushroom sauce meant for the Chateaubriand instead of the au jus. I think it was a good choice. Other items I had were the brussel sprouts (don't judge me), kielbasa and sauerkraut, chicken with a wine/mushroom sauce. All very, very good. Desserts were plentiful. I tried a creme brulee and a puff thing that I have no idea what it was called but it was damn good.I'm not sure I liked this buffet enough to pay the single visit price and wait in the usually long line. I had purchased the "Buffet of Buffets" deal, so it was worth it in this case. The food is very good, service was great. As soon as I went up for dessert, a staff member came by and offered me coffee. It's like she read my mind. If you're a multiple plate buffet champ, it's probably worth the wait and the price. If you're like me and a 1-plate wonder, maybe spend your $30 elsewhere.
5	Ok this may be my favorite buffet in all of Las Vegas. They have the best frozen yogurt I have ever had, let me just start there, A FroYO station!!! There is tons of variety and because this buffet is at The Paris, there is a large selection of Parisian options as well, to make you feel right at home. The whole Paris hotel and casino has this really fun outdoor theme going on so sitting in their dining room is like sitting in a Paris courtyard...kind of ;)
3	A decent buffet but I can't say I'm any kind of impressed.
3	Sunday brunch on Memorial Day weekend was a 2 hr wait, at least! How is that possible?! I had huge expectations for this popular Vegas buffet, but I was disappoined. The food wasn't bad, but I didn't sense the quality. I also expected much more variety. I felt there was too much of the typical, cheap, hot breakfast buffet food. They did have crab legs and carving stations and other meats and goodies, which was decent. I was super happy they had a crepe station, but the line was so long, by the time I got to the front, they ran out of the fruit I wanted! =(The bottomless bubbly with my buddies redeemed my afternoon :) Gold stars for our wonderful server! She kept 'em coming!!
2	There are so many choices in Las Vegas in it comes to buffet, so you can definitely find some good places if you've done enough research or just visit Yelp.Anyway, this buffet restaurant is on my "avoid it" list. And here is why. First, it costs $27 per person and there were not much food variety or quality. Some of them were even hard to eat. I visited this buffet on weekend and the only shellfish items I saw was just cold alaska crab legs and they were extremely extremely salty and not fresh. Other hot food items were just average and so were their deserts. What really annoyed me were there are some items that they reserved for VIP customers only, and these items are not really special. Chocolate covered strawberry or hot crabs are not something I considered luxury. You can find these items available for everybody at most other buffet joints.
3	Okay so for the first time my boyfriend and I did the 24 hour 7 buffet pass thing.  So we decided to try the champagne brunch at Paris' buffet this past Saturday morning.  First of all the line was INSANE!  We showed up at 11:30am... which okay I'll admit that is probably prime time for brunch but that line was not moving.  Luckily if you go to the Diamond club entrance they let you pay $10 per person to cut in front of the line.  Paying the $10 is well worth it.  However I do have a warning to give.  The staff in there is super RUDE! I don't know if everyone in there was having a bad day or if they were just trying to be in character, but they wouldn't make arrangements for us to sit with the rest of our party ( who paid separately) and the hostess practically left us behind making it hard to follow her.  Our drink server was nice but forgetful.  However, they did keep the bubbly coming and always made sure my glass was full :)  The food was pretty okay.  Some of the meats were dry but the pasta selection was pretty good.  The Crepe station was nice- I got nutella with bananas and strawberries- it pretty much rocked!  But the dessert selection was so so.  I was a bit disappointed with the dessert and on top of that nothing was labeled.  So if there wasn't anyone there to answer your questions about  which dessert was which, you had to pretty much guess what you were about to eat.
4	I've been to many buffets in Vegas.  Since we were staying at Paris and never tried this place, I wanted to give it a go.  I was surprised by the quality of the food.Yes, variety is not exactly there.  They don't have as many stations and choices as some of the other buffets but what's the point of having so many options of bad tasting food.  ((I'm talking to you BELLAGIO buffet!))I loved the duck dishes here.  Not too oily or fatty, good portion and well marinated.  The prime rib was also good. I was just going to have a "few bites" and ended up eating 80% of my piece.  The crepe station is also popular here though I didn't try it this time due to the long line. No worries, will be back next time :)
4	Of the 3 buffets (Village Seafood at Rio, Planet Hollywood, and Paris) I went there during my Buffet of Buffets 24-hour run, this was my favorite because of the ambiance and pretty fresh variety of food.We went for breakfast/lunch at 11 am.  We got in about 40 minutes later and stayed until 1 pm.  I really enjoyed the variety of foods here, especially the large selection of desserts.I went directly first to the crepe line, since I know it's popular.  It was pretty good, but very sweet.  You get to pick what goes in your crepe, and I chose blueberries, strawberries, and banana.  Only the banana was fresh.  The berries were just preserves.  Someone asked if they had fresh berries/fruit, and the lady (1 lady making tons of crepes for everyone in line), said they hadn't had fresh fruit in a while. I then went over and looked at the desserts and got an omelet made.  It was a standard omelet with nothing exciting, though the guy who made our omelets was really friendly.I LOVE seafood and was very pleasantly pleased to find a lox (cream cheese and smoked salmon on a bagel) station.  There were bagels, cream cheese, smoked salmon, and capers.  I loaded my plate and really enjoyed my lox more than anything else.  I wish I had room to eat more of it, but I sadly discovered this station at the end.I thought it was pretty cool that they also had a little Mediterranean station.  I was too full by then to try anything from there.  And by about noon, I saw people started stacking their plates with crab legs for lunch. Not sure if they had those out earlier, but I sure didn't notice people with them during my first round.  I stuck to the breakfast stuff, since I could only get that once a day.  I don't know why, but I really liked this place a lot.  The food wasn't super unique, but the people who served at the stations were really nice.  I also loved the ambiance.  Some buffets look super old and outdated.  This one was nice and felt more cozy.  Though it's not Paris, it did remind me a lot of my visit to Paris (which may also be why I liked this place).I would definitely go there again for breakfast, even without the Buffet of Buffets card.
5	This was our favorite buffet from the buffet of buffets choices. There were a lot of choices and everything we tasted was great. We got there around 9:15 on a Monday and only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. All in all, we loved it and so will you.
3	Hmmm...I'd really like to give this place a 2 1/2 primarily because of my disappointment, but I think in all fairness the food is just fine.5 years ago, I loved this place. 2 years ago I liked this place. This month....ehhhhh it was ok.  There used to be dishes like beef bourguignon, and coq au vin which made this a unique experience. Lots and lots and lots of different grilled veggies too and great salads. This time around, significantly less veggies (yes I know a lot of people don't go to buffets for veggies), and neither of my favorite dishes. This time around the food seemed like the stuff you find at any other buffet...nothing unique, and the quality was just ok.  The duck was dry. People really seem to love the abundance of crab legs, and that may be my problem...I don't really eat crab. But the abundance is definitely there for those that are interested.There are still long lines, and still less than personable service (but nothing overtly rude...just ok).  The desserts have expanded a bit over the years, but they were just ok.  Wicked Spoon across the street had better (according to the partner who loves desserts, but also cares about the taste more than the presentation).   The price is a bit lower than say the Bellagio, so all in all probably not a bad deal. I'd go early though at the dinner hour, to avoid the ridiculously long line...you'll just have the semi-ridiculously long line. After being a fan of this buffet for many years though, will be branching out next time to try something new.
4	Cute interior, good selection of foods for breakfast and lunch.  The real standout items here are their pastries.  They are perfect- buttery, rich, flaky, and if there is filling, the filling is not too sweet, with just the right amount.
4	You know what's awesome for breakfast? Prime rib. We stayed at Paris and ran downstairs at 9:45am. Our bracelets were ending at 11:06am and I didn't want to be waiting in line and have it expire... and then cry. The line up was down the hall. I thought I only had to wait till the door, but no no, there was a whole other line inside to the cash register. Just a suggestion: I think that if you buy the bracelet, you should be able to be in a separate scanning line. I saw a sign that said I could pay an extra $10 per buffet to skip the line... sigh. But I want my $10... or in my case, $30. Why didn't I wake up at 6:30am to start my buffet adventure?We got seated by the lovely hostess, ordered some pop and then started... this was the last buffet I would get to go to, I was going to make it count. I don't really know if all the signs were correct because some of the stuff didn't look like it matched... I am sure that sausage is ground meat with or without casings, not slabs of meat... I got medallions of lamb (nice and rare), smoked salmon on a bagel with capers (fresh tasting salmon with nice, salty capers), mashed potatoes and gravy (because I just can't eat meat... welll, I could but it seemed wrong with all the wonderful carbs), prime rib... ahhh. I had to get another plate for my waffle with whip cream because I didn't want it to mix with meat juices. Sure I look really greedy carrying two plates back to the table, but I am sure that the premise of a buffet is all I can eat. Some of my friends had gone at the crack of dawn to another buffet, so they were taking it slow. Another friend only came to this buffet and ate what seemed to be all the prawns they had.The restaurant is divided into the different regions of France and have each of their specialties... I just grabbed whatever... I wish I paid more attention to what region I was sampling when.After stuffing myself, I stuffed a little more and ate five creme brulees. They were firmer than the ones at Lago, but didn't have as thick of a burnt sugar crust. I love that shell, so these were just okay. I am not sure about this, but the washroom I found only had one stall in it and two sinks. I hope they have another one in the restaurant..
3	6th buffet in the Buffet of Buffets tour.  The lines are really long here.  Go for the line pass, if you can.  Go to the Diamond/Seven Stars entrance, which is a separate door, and ask about it.This was the one buffet with macaroons, which I was excited about.  I'd been searching for them all day.  But they weren't very good.  Mushy.  Yuck.A lot of things are mislabeled here.  Some are just funny.  Parmesan cheese was labeled as red onion.  But then mayo was labeled as tzatziki, which angered me. (Holly smash!) I dipped some pita in it and ate it before I realized it was not tzatziki.  I hate it when buffets mislabel things.They did have Mediterranean selections, which surprised me.  But you need to hunt for the good stuff.  They had a basket of pita that was stale and nasty.  But elsewhere in the station, they had nice hot fresh pita.There are restrooms in the buffet but the ladies room is one stall and completely useless.  Just plan on using the restrooms outside as you come and go.Not really impressed with this buffet given the hype.
4	Best brunch buffet! The line was long but the decor in The Paris is so relaxing that we didn't even mind. I also like that the VIP members go through a separate entrance so you don't have to glare at them as they skip the line and remind you how lowly you are in the buffet caste system.Food was awesome: delicious breads and cheeses to make believe that I was really in Paris, brie/bacon macaroni, french toast, and customizable crepes.  PS, the waitresses wear these hideous French dresses which is probably horrific for them but funny for me....but hey, at least it made me want to tip more.
3	Works in a pinch.If you are staying at the Paris casino, or find yourself with feet tired of walking up and down the strip all day, this buffet will get the job done.  However, if you have the time and energy, I recommend checking out one of the other buffets on the strip such as Wynn or Bellagio.We had the Buffet of Buffets pass, so we could go to 8 buffets in 24 hours that are all part of the Harrah's casino chain.  (No we didn't make it to all 8, but oh did we try!)  Le Village is the little brother of buffets on the strip, with more limited offerings and a smaller seating area.  The wait wasn't too bad, so if you hate lines you might have a better chance of getting in quick here.  Although I have generally found that the longer the line the better the buffet!  When we were seated and started our multiple rounds of plate filling and emptying I found that a lot of the stations were slow to re-stock.  It was about 8:00, and they close at 10:00, so I think they stopped replacing the food in order to reduce throw-away.  Makes sense, but still disappointing since I am not one of those people who come back from the the buffet counters with the leaning tower of food stuffs on my plate.  By the time I went to get some of the dishes, it was only to find that they had run out.Going off the assumption that Paris is a French place, and Le Village sounded distinctly French, I planned to go directly to the foods that were hard to pronounce expecting to be wowed by something more unique than the standard Prime Rib that all buffets have.  Ratatouille - Not bad for a vegetarian dish.  It had a little spice and heat to it which made it very flavorful.  Since my only prior experience with Ratatouille was the mouse movie I was pleasantly surprised.Crepes - Yes, everyone has crepes these days, but they are admittedly very good here!  The crepe chef wasn't French, but I will give them a pass on that one.Chateaubriant sauce - This French sounding sauce goes with the non-French sounding beef tri-tip and was absolutely amazing.  Viva le fusion!French Onion Soup - It is right there in the name everyone.  However I have had much better at local restaurants here in LA.  And since it is buffet style, it was missing the cheese covered topping on the bowl that I associate and love with this dish.Sauteed Mushrooms - A very simple dish and pretty universal, but they used some amazing marinade that really kicked it up a notch.  I made two trips for these guys before they ran out and never re-stocked them.Crab - A staple in all great buffets, was practically non-existent.  Don't go here if you are looking for great seafood in general.The rest of the food was either at or below par with other buffets, so nothing to really comment on.  To re-iterate my initial assessment, this place will work in a pinch, but if you have the time and energy, try one of the bigger buffets on the strip and eat up!
4	Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #6 of 7 5:00 PMThe 6th stop in the Buffet of Buffets Marathon....by the time we got here, I was ready to surrender.  However, once we got inside, I changed my mind.  There were a lot of great items to choose from....but I decided to get the Cheese Raviolis & Dessert.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZkGDCVKSdf8m76cnnalL-A?select=e0zI2pyLCY5XNPjU5w-57QThe Cheese Raviolis were very good and the Dessert was awesome.  The highlight for me was the Creme Brulee....made fresh and torched brown.  Nice show by the workers.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZkGDCVKSdf8m76cnnalL-A?select=-BGJIFFwJT1ZU91d3VDbzgOverall, it was a good time and good food.  Too bad I had very little room left to sample more items.Return Factor - 85%
4	There seem to be mixed reviews but for me it was a great buffet. Granted, the line is terribly long but if you come a wee bit early (around 5:30pm?) chances are you will get in within 20 minutes.I particularly liked the coq au vin, and the duck confit was awesome! I enjoyed the grilled chicken and thought it went really well with the grilled pepper, summer squash, and zucchini.There were some thin crispy, dare I say, flat breads that had a great umami taste that I had multiple helpings of.There were the snow crab legs and crab claws that every other person seemed to be raving about but I didn't try any of them. I, however, partook in wolfing down copious amounts of the shrimp cocktail. The dessert spread was ok though it, I felt, didn't befit a "french spread." That still didn't stop me from enjoying the delicious bread pudding with whipped cream.This buffet is also part of the so called "seven-buffet" deal where you get a 24 hour pass to pig out on any or all of the (seven) buffet spreads across on the Vegas strip.I will definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas!
4	the most fun i've had at a buffet ever! maybe cuz of the champagne brunch which means unlimited mimosas. the wait was a bit long, but i think worth it. it was 27.99 for the champagne brunch. there were eggs, bacon, toast, pancakes, duck, prime rib, roast beef, sausages....the sushi was lame. really good seafood soup!!! and we added mussels in it. OMG soooo delicious. the shrimp and crab legs tasted fresh. their creme brulee wass tastyyy. they had a lot of good things, and fruits and ice cream. of course we had to drink our money worth of mimosas so of course we got a little giddy. but definitely fun! we were all extremely full and satisfied.
4	The highlight of my meal, and I literally mean this because I was way too excited when I stumbled upon this in line at the buffet, was the Brie and  Bacon Macaroni with mashed potatoes and gravy and asparagus. Then I topped that off with dessert: creme brulee and a strawberries and nutella crepe. It was perfect. The other food was alright but I didn't pay much attention, although I did notice their crab is a little too salty for our likings. The place itself is a nice setting, we sat in a room that made us feel like we were eating in someone's house, which I suppose is their goal since we sat at a wooden round dining table grubbin.
5	I've only enjoyed this buffet for breakfast, but it was excellent!Arriving around 9 AM, we were the only two guests there under the age of 60, which gave us a chuckle.  Why we were up and at'em that early in Vegas is another story altogether.  Anyway, we did have somewhere in the vicinity of a 20-minute wait to be seated, but it was worth it.The buffet is broken up into multiple stations, each offering different regional French fair.  There are obviously your standard breakfast items available, but the more abstract items really drew our attention.They have $10 bottles of wine (yeah it was breakfast, what of it?) and a great crepe station.I highly recommend this buffet for breakfast.
2	The breakfast buffet at one time was arguably the best in Las Vegas, but it has continued to deteriorate under Harrah's ownership.  My menu included OJ, Lyonnaise potatoes (terrible), strawberries with yogurt, a variety of cheeses, a hard boiled egg Benedict (yuck) and Andouille sausage
5	GET THE BUFFET OF BUFFETS.  Seriously.  Do it.  $44.99 for those with Player's Cards or $49.99 without.  This is a 24-hour buffet pass you can use with 6 other buffets in Vegas: The Rio carnival buffet, Imperial Palace, Harrah's, Flamingo's, Caesar's Palace's Lago buffet, and Planet Hollywood (huh?).The Prime Rib is delicious.  It melts in your mouth.  The flavor is also fantastic.  I haven't had one this good in Vegas.I loved the crepes too.  Customize them any way you want.  I had the glazed bananas inside with chocolate.  Then I drizzled the top with vanilla & almonds.  Super delicious.If there weren't other buffets for me to explore, I would have gone back here for all of my meals during my stay in Vegas.
5	Too great to believe!!!!
2	Was not impressed with Paris buffet.  I know I am in the minority here, but it really wasn't any better than cruise cuisine.  Just across from the buffet is the crepe place (LaCrepes?) and it was fabulous, and the bakery next door is also wonderful.
2	I was expecting more from a $30 buffet.  The food was pretty good and the desserts were excellent, but there weren't any entrees that wowed me.  Nothing was bad, but for $30, I expect more than "not bad".
3	Eh. We came here for dinner. . . big mistake. Didn't really like the food. The only thing that allowed me to give 3 stars was because of all the desserts! That was delicious. The meats and entrees themselves were dry, and cold. . . granted we came around 5:30 for dinner. But still. . . you'd expect better buffets. I hear their breakfast and lunch buffets are better . . .
5	I have been the Le Village Buffet for brunch several times.This time I tried their dinner menu. I was very impressed! The duck meat, ribs, and creme brulee were to die for.
4	this is my 4th buffet in 24 hours, I came from Rio after the disappointment from its desert bar.  I didn't try alot of things here, mainly desert.  creme brulee is the best compared to Spice Market.  Their Grape leave wrap are better than Spice Market as well, but my hobbie live hummas from Spice mkt more.  I like Le village flavor more.  The spicy mussels ... too much wine in it.  I can't find the strawberry covered by chocolate when i made my 2 rounds.  the crepe are too big, like the one from Spice Market more, more crispy there and the banana tastes better.  like other said, the set up is strange, kind of walk around to find your own table especially when you are in a small room, not in the open area
4	Yes!!!! worth the price and had everything you want at a brunch buffet from crepes, omelets, pastries and more. Pay the extra $10 and skip the long line.
3	I wasn't that impressed with this buffet.  For a weekend brunch buffet that cost $27.99 without champagne (+$12 if you want champagne) I had expected so much more. The line is ridicuously long to get in and we were all starving by the time we were finally seated.  You would think I would've given this a 5 star since everything always tastes better when you're starving!  But everything I tried was just Ok, and there were only a couple of really tasty items.  My favorite was the prime rib.  My piece was perfectly pink and juicy.  They didn't have as much of a selection as I had hoped....a lot of their selections are your standard breakfast fare like eggs and bacon, waffles, toast, etc.  Lots of fillers, so I passed on all of them.  Things to note were the crepe and omelette stations which were both fantastic but those lines are always pretty long so I just tried a little of my friend's.  Dessert station was pretty good, but choices were nothing special.  We did spot some macarons which we loaded up onto our plate, but they use a type of raspberry jam as their macaron filling and it was just WAAAY too sweet.  We ended up opening up the macaron and scraping out the jam...for every single macaron.  And that was still their best dessert.  The creme brulee came in a close second, but they were always out! I took off a star for their meager selections and long lines, and another one for the lack of preparedness...if you're running a buffet, the first rule of thumb is to ALWAYS stay up to date with your buffet items! Never let the items run out!
3	To be honest not really the best Buffet i've had in Vegas but omg!! the best crepes I've had at a Buffet!  If you know of any better ones tell me! I'm open to suggestions...Other than that, nothing really is that great, and they don't offer than much stuff.  I like more variety of food and desserts to fill my stomach and make it hurt that not even pepto bismol will soothe my pain!! I wouldn't go out of your way to try this place but if you do decide to go, please o' please try the crepes!
4	.., I enjoyed our meals here, nothing really grabbed me by the b@lls but I liked it. The inside has a nice little French country theme to it. Cobblestone floors w/ an outdoor dining theme & painted ceiling. The wait wasn't too bad but there was indeed a line. I grabbed nothing but breakfast foods. From eggs to sausage, waffles, french toast, etc. It was all good, literally. They even had a drumstick machine! The graham cracker cone w/ chocolate filling was provided. All you have to do is choose from either vanilla or chocolate, both if you're in the mood & fill your cone up! Check this place out, & also look into getting their 24hr. backstage buffet pass for $45. You can eat at various other buffets from other casinos such as the Rio, Planet Hollywood, etc.
2	If Paris Casino instructed their staff to take on a French attitude then I guess they were doing a good job because 90% of the staff were a**holes.  This review details my experience for the Sunday brunch ($27.99) which I only paid half because I had a BOGO coupon.  The Slightly Good:  Prime rib = slightly overcooked.  Crab legs = average, but tasted a day old. AYCD mimosas: after the first mimosa, the refills were champagne in the champagne glass and orange juice in a separate cup.  I'm not sure why I had to make my own.  At least you can take your last glass outside.The Bad:  All the breakfast foods.  Seriously, how do you mess up hash browns, scrambled eggs, pancakes, sausages, waffles, etc??  Mostly everything was a little off and my whole party of 9 agreed.  Maybe all the food was off because I was here during the transition (brunch) but that's still no excuse.I will never be patronizing this place again on my own volition nor recommending this buffet to any friends I like.
3	Although this buffet is good, compared to others on the strip it's not one of the best.  We came here more for those long eiffel tower cups that you can fill to the top with margarita to sort of kill two birds with one stone and fill our hungry stomachs as well.  This buffet is convenient in that its right in the heart of the strip and close to all the other casinos if you want to walk off your food and check out what else Vegas has to offer.   Wait was a good 45 minutes but I did like the crab legs with butter and lemon...mmmm.   There's also bottomless wine that comes with your meal so if we didnt already have drinks in hand and was buzzing, we'd take advantage of that as well.
5	Champagne brunch was AMAZING!  Service was incredible, variety excellent.  Line was at least an hour...but you can pay 10 bucks to skip it!  We didn't know this beforehand.  Bathrooms not so much.Only one stall...really?????
4	Good place had the 24 hour pass. Very different style of food but very good and nice to try different food every once and awhile. Best bet would be to get the 24 hour pass.
2	$27 for dinner. About 8pm last saturday night there was about an hour wait.The place was crowded, so much so that it seemed a little dirty, like they couldn't tidy up fast enough.  The bad:The ginger ale tasted extremely watered down.The stone crab claws were already cracked somewhat, but I tried a few different ones and was unsuccessful at getting anything OUT of them and also managed to slice my finger open trying. Friend got some of the snow crab legs, but they just looked soggy and aged to me.I was excited to see the brie and bacon mac and cheese, but was promptly disappointed by the quality.The decent: The lamb was good and not gamey. Crepe station was pretty neat- long wait, and not Spectacular, but worth it.Overall, I don't remember a darn thing about this food. So very unremarkable.and the good: the reason this place gets 2 stars is the Creme Brulee!!! I lucked out and snagged some, but a friend went to get dessert and came back without, saying the chef was caramelizing the tops and they weren't out yet. I went back to try the remaining desserts and she asked me to pick her up a creme brulee, but they were out again by that time.Caesar's buffet is the same price and I'd recommend that. We had been there 3 weeks prior, about the same time (8pm Saturday night) and there was no wait.
2	Maybe it was the time of day.. but Lunch time at Le Village buffet was NOT good! I was super disappointed it and I would have given them one star but their dessert was not bad! I had a girls trip to Vegas recently and we decided to do the buffets of buffets. We never tried it, no boys were with us.. What the hell! Stuff our faces! haha!The dishes were either over cooked or just not tasty. I was so surprised since some people I've talked to said the buffet was good! But what happened? The muscle was over cooked, the duck wasn't tasty, the pasta was just over cooked and not sauced well. I don't know I was just not happy. Oh their French Onion soup was good (but serious how can you mess that up?) Their green beans were not even cooked, like they were raw! I don't know. I'm not that picky and usually just find something good at a place but.. ehh! Sorry ya'll!Oh I should also say.. The first time I ever tried coming here was in last August and it was packed! We waited for almost two hours and we didn't even move. So we really tried hard to get in here and we did.. Man we should have left like last time!
3	I love going to Vegas for their buffets. I would rate the Paris Buffet in the B+ zone. It is good and worth the wait. However, if you are already going to spend this much on a buffet let alone eat this much, I would go the whole nine yards and go to the Wynn Buffet. What I especially like about this buffet is the the King crab legs. I've never had such good, easily cut crab and I am a huge fan of crab. This made it worth the price.
3	Weekend holiday prices doesn't generally mean weekend holiday food.  Why charge extra when the menu is generally the same!? Came here yesterday (Sat) around 1 pm - line was ~ 15 minutes.  Nothing really stood out.  Even so, Paris is still as others have said... a "safe bet".  It has all the standard breakfast items, sushi rolls, crab legs, shrimp, prime rib.  Dropping a star because prices have gone up but the quality of food has weakened a tad.  I would still go to this buffet if we didn't want to wait 45 minutes at Wynn or Bellagio.
3	Pro's - Good food.Con's - Long line for brunch.             Service was terrible.Been to this buffet roughly about 10 times.  Even though the wait is horrible and the service bad, the food is worth it for me to come back.
4	First buffet i have been to that had hummus!! The variety in food at this buffet was awesome.... you can have a six course meal and not have the same thing twice.About $30 a person, A little pricey, yes but it is Vegas, it is a huge buffet. Just go super dooper hungry to get your money's worth!
2	I'm not much of a fan of buffets so not sure how objective my review can be but I thought the food here was lousy. Nothing sets apart this buffet at Paris Las Vegas from any other run of the mill you can find just about anywhere in Vegas. The food was really subpar. I didnt find any traditional french dishes in this buffet. It was your typical buffet garbage. Prime Rib, Crab Legs that looked like they've seen better days, turkey loaf. etc.. Nothing impressive at all. And for close to $27 for the dinner buffet not worth the money. Dont waste your time. Best thing about this buffet were the desserts, and even they werent that great.
3	For buffets in Vegas, Le Village could use a little improvement, but offers enough for me to want to go back.The food itself wasn't too crazy.  Le Village doesn't really go the "international" route.  All the items have more of a European touch to it or some sort of preparation that seems more "French." Marinated artichoke hearts, French onion soup, caprese, and stuffed soles are few of the standout for me.  There's a carving station serving prime rib and roast beef.  The prime rib was pure awesomeness with the middle still pink and I went crazy on the delicious au jus.  it's probably the best item in the whole buffet.  There's grilled chicken and a apple grilled pork chop that may be a little dry.  There's also Bourguignonne sauce for your meat, which is a mushroom based sauce.Since I went for the brunch, a significant part of it was dedicated to breakfast items: eggs, bacon, sausages, pancakes, and French toast.  Fairly typical.  The tiny thick Belgian waffles though, are great.  I usually don't expect buffets to do waffles well, but it's fluffy on the inside and they have hot maple syrup ready.There's a crepe station, but... skip it, unless you want to get a sugar overload?  The fillings are the typical sweetened fruit fillings that is super sweet.  But right next to the crepe station though are these pecan sticky buns.  If you're a fan of sweet, sticky, nutty goodness, then that's for you!I barely touched the seafood section since we were seated near there and when I saw them refill the area, it made me to not want it since it's all out of boxes in plastic bags.  At least do a better job of presenting/preparing it :PDessert selections could use a little help but I do like how they serve chocolate dipped ice cream cones for the soft serve machines.  There's macaroons but the filling is just jam, which is a little disappointing.The weekend brunch price for around $30 is the Champagne brunch, which is great if you like bubbly but price is horrible if you want just want a meal.  Take advantage of the unlimited champagne!The decor is pretty unique for a buffet since they try to make you feel like you are eating at the courtyard of a village.  However, it's dimly lit in some areas so it feels a little... old.Service... is a little inconsistent.  Our first waitress was slow and looked like she couldn't wait to get out of there.  We eventually flagged down another waitress and she was great, and helped us throughout the meal.All in all, Le Village isn't bad and $30 for unlimited champagne brunch is a fair price for Vegas buffets.  If they paid a little more attention to detail, then it would be a much more enjoyable meal.  Little things like soup could've been hotter, ice cream rather than soft serve, or even having a staff that actually cares about cleanliness.  Saw a cook refilling the soup and the water boiler overflowed after the pot was dropped it and she didn't bother wiping the station, even if it is only water.
5	I'm  not a big Vegas guy, but I do enjoy the buffets there. I used to think that the buffet at The Rio was the best, and it would still be but in my humble opinion, it has been eclipsed by Le Village at Paris LV. The food stations are arraigned by the provinces of France. They have the Burgundy station with foods representative of what is prepared in Burgundy. There is also a Provence station, a Normandy station and a Alsace-Lorraine station. Being my mother's mother's family is from Alsace-Lorraine, I am immensely interested in what they have to serve. True it's a bit pricy, but if you wanted to take a gastronomic tour of France, it would cost you a hell of a lot more than the 28 bucks, or whatever they charge these days.
5	This buffet is sooo good!The ham and everything tasted pretty good!Yes!They also have no suger added dessert! A lot of selection and plus our  waitress was very nice and sweet!
2	When Paris opened, this place was the best buffet on the strip. This yearn the food is just a disappointment. Not going to pay $30 for food that you can find everywhere else.
3	I initially loved this place and I would come here at least once every time I was in town.  This last trip though, I realized that it wasn't really worth the $20 price tag unless you eat a ton of food.  I pretty much just had a crepe (banana with caramel) and an omelette (ham and cheese) and I was too full to eat anything else...they have a ton of variety though, so if you like trying a lot of food then this is the place for you.The creperie across the walkway (see other review) has better crepes and their huge, I decided that I'll probably just grab a crepe from there from now on for breakfast and save half the money...
4	We came for the breakfast buffet.  They had a large selection with some nice gourmet items.
3	We usually eat here every time we go to Vegas. I thought the quality has gone down since they were added to the 24 hr buffet listing. The dessert was the highlight of the meal. The crepes were HUGE. It was delicious. I was pretty stuffed so I couldn't finish it.
4	This review is for the breakfast buffet only.We waited 15-20 mins for breakfast, arriving around 8:30.  I didn't know vacationers in Vegas woke up that early!  The selection was good for breakfast.  Omlettes, cereal, fresh fruits, baked goods, ham, bacon, other breakfast staples, and my personal favorite, crepes.  The orange juice was delicious, one of the best I've ever had.  The ambience is charming.  It's an French outdoor theme, with the ceilings painted like the sky with clouds.  I enjoyed it.I probably will return on my next visit to Vegas.
3	I came here for brunch and remember the pricing being fairly inexpensive compared to other buffets. However, I felt the food was mediocre and probably wouldn't come again. Expect a very long line.
2	Ok, so going to Vegas, you have to do at least one buffet. However this place should not be on your bucket list.Crab legs...yes, prime rib yes....but both were of low quality and the prime rib was super dry. And yah, it's supposed to be a French buffet so they did have some of my macarons, but they were gross and unappealing. They didn't care about the presentation at all with respect to the macarons.The food handles were sticky and gross. There's no wet naps or purell nearby. It's like someone purposefully lathered the the food handles with syrup and pretty much played a prank on everyone. Gross, and unattended, and lack of ownership amongst the cleaners and food servers.The waitress knows who you are too, ethnicity, etc...so when she saw a bunch of filipinos, she got into Filipino mode. I guess she really wants to provide that awesome customer service, that or she wants a fat tip at the end. Either way, she was pretty attentive. It was a Sunday, so champagne was included. They went all out with the Wycliff Jean champagne....whewwww. Mix with the oj and you get the mimosa. Not bad, they even allowed us to keep the bottle to walk aimlessly throughout the casino and along the vegas strip.For $30, I would probably invest a little more somewhere else next time. This was more of a cafeteria leftovers like food with mediocre quality instead of the higher more quality food that can be found elsewhere.
5	From a vegetarian standpoint (although my meat-eater girlfriend agrees), bar none the BEST Vegas buffet. Well worth the hefty pricetage you'll pay almost any time of day for this killer buffet, which on my recent trip included: cheese ravioli w marinara or garlic cream sauce, fresh-baked breads, foreign cheeses, candied yams, mashed potatoes, roasted garlic potatoes, garlic green beans, and create-your-own-crepes were the best parts of the meal but I ate so much that I was literally in pain by the time I left.Non-vegetarian wise, my girlfriend loved the meat products, including fresh carved meats, sushi, seafood, chicken, French onion soup, and so much more. I can't recall everything that we ate, but we cleaned up good.I will say this, DON'T MISS THE CREPES but make sure you have room in your stomach to eat them because ooooh my god they are amazing. I ordered strawberry-banana-chocolate crepes and could only get through half of it, despite how bad I was drooling for more. My stomach just could not contain.The ambiance of the experience is half the fun as well. It's like you're sitting outside at a French market cafe, all blue skies above and a cozy, intimate seating area. Tres romantique, oui?
4	As soon as we walked in to see the line, we thought about turning around but realized all buffets at 11am or so were most likely the same turnout.  However, we found out if you are willing to pay 10 bucks on top of the original set price, you can get in at a shorter line. I am amazed at the amount of choices you can get here. Be forewarned, this is my first time to Vegas so this buffet was like a food high for me. It took me about 5 minutes to figure out what I wanted to start with and ended up with french toast, sausage, eggs, and a crepe. While my eggs weren't all that great, everything was pretty good. To top off my amazing breakfast, we were served champagne! After my several glasses of champagne and coffee, I ended up with some dessert.  Even though they have just about anything you can think of from crab legs to salad, I couldn't bring myself to eat that for breakfast. Oh, the champagne actually went well with my food. Whenever our glasses became empty they were promptly refilled. Service was friendly and efficient even though it was jam packed in the restaurant.I see people criticizing the place for not being a real french buffet, nonsense! It's good enough for me! I believe we paid about $43.00 a person without tip but I tried my best to get my monies worth.
4	I've always liked this place for breakfast, but we finally tried the dinner and I was really impressed.  The pork with apples was amazing, and there was a terrific array of perfectly seasoned vegetables.  I stuffed myself silly with grilled asparagus, sauteed cauliflower, and buttery brussel sprouts.  The dessert of course, to die for.  I liked that there wasn't anything breaded and fried like most casino buffets. The only complaint is the crab legs were soft, brown, and way too salty -- total garbage.  I won't pay this much very often, but for a special treat, it was a great night out.
3	Although I have always enjoyed their dinner buffets, I have not tried their lunch service.  Even though they do not server crab during this service..it's OK...service is very prompt and friendly.But really nothing special to mention.
5	I have read the reviews and not sure where some of these people went because we go to the Paris Buffet (it is what we call it :) every time we go and it is always great!  I do NOT give it a 5 star rating lightly.  We have tried many of the buffets and it is the best for us.  We go in the late morning on Tues or Wed otherwise it is PACKED!  We do the breakfast first and then one lunch sampler and we are done!  The breakfast has different regions of France (american style of course) so you get eggs, potatoes, sausage and bacon made all different ways!  The waitstaff is always attentive and pleasant.  The crepes are pretty fantastic.  We take folks there all the time and everyone is happy.  The lunch has so many different items and all of them are delicious.  We can recommend this first if you want a great buffet in the land of buffets.
4	We did the Buffet of Buffets and out of all the participating buffets, I thought that this was the best... at least for breakfast and dinner. I like the fact that they had a crepe and omelet chef that were available. I thought that the crepe was a bit over-rated but the omelet was deliciously made well. I liked the egg benedict and the waffles. They also had many different choices of breakfast meat (like 3-4 different types of sausages, bacon, ham, etc). They also had many types of egg dishes (like the fritata, scrambles). They also had many choices of bread, muffins selections. We liked it so much that we went back for dinner. Their dessert selection was awesome. They had many pastries like the macaroons, creme brulee, lemon raspberry tart, lemon meringue pie, etc.
1	I used to like this place.  USED TO.  I really did...  But the last time I went here I was extremely disappointed.  For thirty-something dollars per person, I could've gotten a better meal elsewhere.  I used to like this place because they had some pretty high-quality and tasty dishes but during this last visit, everything seemed to have gone downhill.  Maybe it's due to the economy but you can definitely tell that quality has been sacrificed.  The meat you get from the carving table was dry and tough.  Presentation of dishes were a mess since food was strewn all over the place and nobody seemed to care about cleaning the little messes.  Oh and the crab.... Such horror...  I didn't even dare to touch it because they were gray in color and looked like they've been refrozen multiple times.  Such a shame because this used to be one of my favorite buffets.
4	I am a buffet connoiseur. When I go to Las Vegas, and I know I am going to eat at a buffet that day, I eat exactly one meal a day at the buffet of the day that lasts four hours. There's a lot of ground to cover, and I am ready. Le Village Buffet is one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas. I like to get pineapple or orange juice when I eat here. Citrus and any acidic juice help the digestive process. :)Breakfast and dinner are best here. Here are my favorite items for both breakfast and dinner:- Crepes (handmade right before you)- Waffles (also before you)- Omelettes- Bouillabaisse (not sure on the spelling, excuse me)- Green beans- Desserts! Pastries, pie, and mousse galore! Divine! This is their specialty!There are a lot of French specialties for dinner, which is really nice, and the layout of the buffet is super-nice. The different stations are set up to represent a different region of France (Bordeaux, Nice, Provence, etc.) and of course, different parts of the meal (salad, dessert, main courses, sides...)Of course, they have many buffet staples, which were also delicious.The decor is lovely, it feels like you're in a Parisian courtyard. Beautiful. The sky is always blue and clear here. Can't wait to come back!
2	This is for the breakfast service - which will run you about $20 a head.  I take it this is a pretty standard price for this kind of thing.Well, it's a Vegas buffet.  That means lots of mid- to low-quality food that you can shove into your pie-hole before you head off to dump your hard-earned dollars into the machines specifically designed to take advantage of American's poor mathematical abilities.The coffee was good; everything else was kind of average.  The eggs in particular - can SOMEBODY please teach the kitchen how to cook non-runny scrambled eggs?  I mean, I know they're coming out of a carton somewhere, but at least allow them to set a little before serving them.They were also very lax on getting the empty stations restocked - there wasn't any smoked salmon out the entire time I was there, and given that it wasn't rush hour or anything that's kind of puzzling.Highlights were the potatoes (yum) and the chicken sweet potato sausage (weird, but good!)The servers were unfailingly polite and friendly, but there weren't enough of them to go around, so I ran out of OJ a lot.I wasn't expecting much, and certainly got it.
3	I tried it for dinner and i am 50/50 on how good it really was because there were some spectacular things and there were some horrible things, so it's kinda hard for me to give it an amazing review. For $30 a person, I think you can get a better dinner elsewhere. The highlights for me was the salmon (perfectly seasoned), the tri-tip (juicy!!!), the seasoned vegetables, asparagus, pita bread (freshly baked out of the oven!), and the chicken. They had a crepe station and it was good, but not amazing. You can get a better crepe across the buffet at Le creperie! The really bad things were the prime rib and turkey. The slice of prime rib they gave me on my plate was so bloody it filled my plate with blood and got into all my other food servings...so I had to throw the plate out. It was pretty disgusting. That prime rib was way too rare! And the turkey was not cooked all the way! they took it out of the oven too early and was clearly evident when I took a bite of it. I told the chef that the turkey wasnt done, but he just said okay and continued to serve it to people. I wasn't the only one to complain about it, yet they continued to serve it. If they were receiving complaints, they should have removed it immediately. So i was not impressed by this at all. So even though I enjoyed some of their entrees, i wouldn't say its worth the $30! And the wait for this buffet was ridiculous so I thought it was gonna be way more amazing!
2	Average food for around $30.00. The duck and the shrimp were the highlights for me. The button mushrooms were good and the salad bar was a salad bar. Nothing spectacular to warrant the high price. The servers were friendly and attentive, but why are all these places so dark? My girl loved it, but she has rather simple tastes. Sorry honey.
1	Horrible service and lousy food. I went 3 times (breakfast, lunch, and dinner) thinking that it would get better, but each time got worse. Name tags on the food were not changed from brunch to dinner, so I had no idea what half the food was. Long lines just to get in and rude hostesses. Food was not being refilled fast enough to meet demand. Never again!
4	My trip to the Le Village Buffet can be summed up in one word : PRIME-RIB.I've been reading a number of the reviews on here, and not a lot of positive is being said about it, but for some reason, when a group of 6 of us made our way into the Le Village Buffet.. the Prime Rib was the toast of the table.  It was juicy, succulent, and would fall apart just by cutting it with the side of your fork.  Also, we checked out Prime Rib at the buffets at both the Rio and Planet Hollywood and they paled in comparison.The selection here was not 'worldly,' but it did offer a variety of good desserts and there were a number of vegetarian options for those in our party that had to avoid the meaty goodness.Another standout was the omelette bar, which had a ton of options and really was surprisingly good.Our server Debra was very polite and kept our bottomless mimosas full (we went on Sunday for brunch, where apparently it is always free).  She made us smile.For Le Village Buffet, anytime is Prime-time.
1	This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas, but why did I only give this place 1 star?!? Because of the AWFUL experience I had in March 2011. I took my girlfriends here to eat on a Saturday afternoon, excited to fill my stomach with some French delicious-ness. We got through the line and we waited at the front to be seated. I felt that we were standing there for an eternity before we got seated at an awkwardly placed table that faced the line. Basically, everyone in line could stare at us as we ate. We felt uncomfortable and asked this waiter named DANRICK (tall, dark Philipino male) if we could move to a more secluded table under the faux trees. DANRICK gives us a look and tells us that the area we requested was reserved for VIPs (which was understandable). He then goes on to say that we can go back to the end of the line to request to be seated in the VIP section. I said, "No, that's not necessary," but he continues his tirade by picking up our receipt and pretends to take it to the front so we would have to go back in line. I repeated that we were fine where we were and eventually he went away. I have never been so UPSET at the service I received. I even complained to our waitress, who acknowledged that he was like that and she apologized for his behavior. DANRICK'S behavior was inexcusable and intolerable. He ruined our day and he needs to be fired.
4	My family and I did the Buffet of Buffets thing when we went to Vegas a few weeks ago and we ended up here the most.The food was excellent. Though the fare doesn't really stray into different ethnic cuisines, what's there is fantastic. I can't speak as to the authenticity of the regional variations of French cuisine that Le Village boasts, but it is certainly enough to have quite a selection.Breakfast: Crepes. The crepes were amazing. So light, fluffy and STUFFED with your choice of fruits and fillings. Make sure to try the prime rib hash and their eggs benedict! Dinner: The prime rib was my favorite in all of Vegas. It was juicy, flavorful, tender, medium rare and just...mmm..... Various other accouterments of potatoes etc. were also fantastic. I did not get a chance to sample the crab. Most everything else in terms of entrees was also very good.The desserts were sooooooooooooooo good. My girlfriend and I actually ended up coming back for creme brulee and frozen custard way after dinner, just because we could with the Buffet of Buffets pass. Service was decent. Felt a little lonely sometimes waiting for refills in small groups, but when I went in large groups with my young niece and nephew, the waitresses were kind and attentive. A floor manager, whose name I was not able to get, was also very kind and brought us some small boxes of Fruit Loops for the kids when they weren't really enjoying the other breakfast foods.
3	Came here for breakfast recently and stuffed my face.  Everything was delicious.  The prime rib was uber good!!  The crepe line can get super long... as does the omelet station.  Only setback for me was their crab legs are not cut in half like most buffets I frequent.  Maybe I've been spoiled by the easy access, but I really had to work for my food when cracking the crab leg shells.
3	All of the meats were amazing. Sausages tasted great, tri-tip packed with flavors, but most important....breads weren't hard (haha). I used our 24 hr buffet pass that we bought, so didn't have to pay for anything. I highly suggest getting that pass if you plan on eating alot, I for one don't eat alot, but was sucker in by my family. Frozen Custard, YUM!! I think I went to this station about 4 times. No food was cold, everything was hot and ready, all you need was yourself. Service was fair, but one I really really hated was that they took FOREVER to remove our dirty plates.
4	We had breakfast here, and it was a lot of selection.A lot of pastry, deserts, and other traditional breakfast items.The pate was pretty good also.  The fresh made crepes were amazing. Service was pretty good.  They offered both regular and turkey bacon, sausage and other products.I must say my favorite dish was the baked oatmeal.
4	Had breakfast here and it was delicious!  First time ever and do plan on returning.Second stop of BoB.  There was some wait, we got in line around 9:30am.  When we left the lunch line was looong!  The restaurant looks small but it is pretty big with different stations.  The breakfast selection was good and many options to choose from, not only is there different options but there are varieties of each option - example - different types of scrambled eggs and hash browns.I had a good experience and the server was attentive.************************We liked this buffet so much from our BoB we decided to try it out one more time before we leave, this time it was lunch time.  There were a lot of different pastas and meats.  I think lunch is a couple bucks more but I think the breakfast buffet is better.There was a crepe station where one had a crepe made on the spot with the toppings available - the line was always long.Went once just to try it out, it was okay.The custard was delicious!  We wanted to try a small dessert before leaving and rather than getting a pastry we went to the ice cream cones and ice cream, except it was not ice cream it was custard - and it was delicious!
4	I'm no Vegas buffet connoisseur but I found alot of delicious food here. Lamb and Prime Rib were excellent! Thankfully the Prime Rib was not on the rare side (I hate that), BBQ ribs were also good. Lots of potato dishes for this carb addict to enjoy :) Delicious desserts upon desserts Creme brulee, Cheese cakes, flan, apple cobbler, I could go on but I wont because it would be a ridiculously long review. They had a number of dishes I'd never heard of and sounded French which I wanted to try but by the time I'd finished gorging myself with the familiar there was no more room :XThere are many more buffets in Vegas I need to try but if I find myself hungry in the vacinity of the Paris again I will certainly stop here to eat again.
5	I cannot say enough how good this buffet was.  It was so good we went both on Saturday and Sunday and we weren't even guests at Paris hotel.  Just great selections, Crab Legs, Shrimp, Prime Rib, Corn Beef Hash, to name a few.FRESHLY made Crepes, the Creme Brulee made me want to do somersaults all through the restaurant.  So damn good!  I'm a big ice cream person and their Custard-style Ice Cream hit the spot, i even took a Cone to go!  I highly suggest Le Village Buffet.
5	still one of the best buffets in vegas...always great service and great food..was lacking in the dessert when i was there , had a lot of empty shelfs...overall still on the top of the buffets
3	First buffet I had upon arriving in Sin City.  Keep in mind I am reviewing their breakfast buffet, which was pretty mediocre at best.  The selection was very scarce...I am a person who enjoys variety, and there was not much to choose from during breakfast.I got in line for the crepes with pretty high expectations, thinking that since this is a breakfast buffet in a Parisian themed hotel and casino, their crepes should be pretty awesome.  But no, I was only met with disappointment after waiting in line for 15 minutes.  I could not believe that a Parisian  themed buffet could not afford FRESH fruits for their crepes.  Are you kidding me?  They were using strawberries soaked in what was probably high fructose oh-so-bad-for-you syrup!  Even the bananas and blueberries were swimming in some kind of syrup.  I ended up only eating about three bites of the entire thing.  What a waste of my time.Some other things I ate:- Eggs Benedict: These were the only highlight of my entire breakfast.  They were pretty good, so I ate two.- Prime Rib: I've had better. It was very bland and lacking flavor.- Roasted Beer: I thought this tasted better than the prim rib.  It was nicely seasoned.- Spinach and Cheese Quiche: BLEGH! It was so disgusting and hard when it should've had a nice and flaky crust!  I took one bite and had to force it down my throat.I wish they had a better selection of desserts and sweet pastries, considering it IS a Parisian breakfast.  Maybe I should've gone here for dinner so that I could've tried the amazing Creme Brulee that everyone raves about.  I am a huge sucker for desserts and have a major sweet tooth.  (LOVEEE Creme Brulee!)  Oh, woe is me!
4	The buffet was delicous,it sucks that i can't eat alot though. They have alot of varieties of food for breakfeast,lunch,and dinner. The scenery was beautiful. The only thing that sucked about our visit  was that our waitress didn't notce us when we called her, but a few minutes later she gave us our drinks. Besides that this place is awesome.
4	This buffet, compared to the Caesar's Palace one, is way better. They do have a wider selection of food here, and it is of better quality. It tasted better, and most noticeable was the service was way better here. I have nothing much to say that to come here and it would be a great choice for those that it is their first time in Vegas as how it was my first time, in which this was my very first buffet here.
5	Best buffet in Vegas.  Everything is great.  This is the most vegetarian friendly buffet also with lots of vegetables, crepes and salads.  It is pretty expensive, but worth the price.
4	*This review is for the breakfast buffet*This buffet is reliably good and has a cute setting. They have a lot of good options for breakfast everything from fritattas to crepes, to bagels and smoked salmon. The line went pretty fast, which made the whole thing much more enjoyable. I did stay clear of the steam table scrambled eggs which are never good, ever. Bacon, french toast, and crepes. Delish. One of the best buffets on the strip.
2	I went for dinner to the buffet. It was $27.99 per person, not including the alcohol pass.The food was just okay, sure you get as much as your glutenous heart/stomach can desire but a lot of okay isnt as good as just enough of great. With so many options on the strip for dinner $30 per person can get you some pretty amazing meals.They have a lot of italian and french inspired foods to choose from. Yes they have crab legs, but they are cold and not that big. Also prepare to bring you ingenuity because they dont provide crackers or those handy small forks. Even the roast beef and steak are on the lukewarm side.The pastas are decent but again the quality of the selection of food is only okay at best.Look around for a better quality of food buffet or more than likely an actual restaurant. Plus then you can avoid all the people running into you while your trying to pile your plate high.
3	I didn't think it was awesome or anything.  The food was ok.  Nothing to rave about.  I did like the "village" atmosphere though.  $45 for 24 hour pass is not bad at all.
1	This place was almost a total waste. Every piece of meat we had was tough and chewy, the tri-tip had to be spat out, the steamed sole was like fish jerky, even the grilled chicken breast was hard and dry. The macaroni and cheese was like way over cooked shells in kindergarten paste.The only redeeming items were the sauerkraut and sausage, braised red cabbage and the cassoulet. To top it off service sucked. I got the all you can drink beer and wine, I placed my order went to load up my plate finished it and was getting ready to go for my second plate before my thimble of wine showed up.
4	HAHAHA, "Le DAYUM" indeed!!!Hands down, one of the best buffets on the strip.The lunch serivce was awesome. Features a wide variety of selection from French locales. Also, random, but they had sushi during the lunch service. Good sushi though!Be prepared to stand in line. Know that in Vegas, people tend to start their days late. So, if you don't want to stand in line---WAKE UP EARLY.But seriously, this place is pretty awesome.P.S TRI TIP!!!!
5	Hubby and I trek through the desert a couple times a year to enjoy the sights, sounds and BUFFETS of Vegas and Le Village Buffet had us hooked from our very first meal there.  We have tried many of the buffets in Vegas but always return to Le Village, at least once and often a couple times during every trip there (the buffet "next door" is our second favorite!).The ambiance is quaint and charming with the setting reflecting an outdoor French cafe atmosphere looking up into a blue sky.  Relaxed - ready to hit the food line!While Le Village may not have as huge a selection as some of the other buffets in town, the quality of the food most definitely exceeds most of its competitors.  We have noticed in recent years that they no longer offer as many French items as they once had but, again, what they do have is of the highest quality, and when you can see them cooking it right there in front of you, you know it's fresh!The breakfast buffet is wonderful and includes every breakfast item imaginable!  One of my faves are the freshly-made Belgian waffles and Eggs Benedict.  Yummy!  And being the coffee-holic that I am, the pot of coffee that is left on your table for instant refills is all I need to make me a happy camper.If nothing else, the crepes alone, which are made to order, are reason enough to give this place a try - they are to-die-for!  You won't be disappointed in Le Village Buffet!!  :)
4	This buffet is really good. What is also really good, is the fact that patrons can now pay an extra $15 dollars to not have to stand in line.  When you have already made that decision to head to vegas - $15 isn't really too bad.Now, what is great however, is the Duck that this buffet offers.  We must have spent hours gourging over all the great selections, but as soon as my fellow companions had almost finished eating all of the crab legs known to man, out comes the duck.Seriously perfection. I still think about that duck and a little bit of my heart was left there that day. Such is love. Such is hunger. Such is Le Village Buffet.
1	DONT EAT AT THIS BUFFET! It is the worst buffet known to man. The meat was chewy and tough, the pasta tasted like it was expired, and there was too much oil in everything. Along with the little selection and the 17% for parties over 8, I never been to such a bad dinner buffet. Definitely would not recommend and never coming back. The food was probably poisoned too because 7/8 people in our party had diarrhea. Terrible. Absolutely terrible.
3	I gave the extra star ONLY because their crepes are amazing! mMmMMMMMm!!! Honestly the BEST crepe I have EVER had! And I am proud to say that a Filipino lady was making it! LOL Anyways, the brunch here is OK. Not amazing but average quality. Kind of annoying since a lot of the food was repetitive ex. bacon and eggs (same exact type) like at least if you are going to have it twice have one of turkey bacon or have the eggs with cheese and one without cheese. Eh thats my honest opinion but hey i'm not the boss :( HAHA. Anyhoots, the ambiance seems similar to that of the venetian hotel (clouds painted on the high ceilings) and little village looking themes presented within your surroundings. The waitress are wearing some funny looking outfits, kinda weird if you ask me but hey whatever tickles your pickle I guess? Overall an okay experience.
5	we had amazing service! we went during sunday brunch and the table had champagne. since my bf was a seven star at the casinos.. the waiter bought use our omelet, instead of having to wait in line. he even heated up our snowcrabs, since it was cold...there was crepes! yum! all sorts of frenchie deserts. possibly the best buffet i had in vegas.interior was beautiful.. it was like youre in another land. kinda like "its a small world" in disney.
4	I don't know why, but Le Village Buffet in Paris is one of my favorite buffets to go when I'm in Vegas. They have everything from steaks to omelets. My favorite has to be the creme burlee desserts. It never disappointments. I'm always there on Sunday with their great brunches. Orange juice and champagne. They go together like peanut better and jelly!Expect to wait in line for about an hour but if your hungry tummy can't deal then for an extra $15 you can go front of line.
2	Was here for breakfast and was so disappointed.  The wait to get in was bearable... but the 45 minute wait in the Crepe line was ridiculous!I am only giving it 2 stars for breakfast because I will not eat breakfast there again.  For lunch or dinner I've really never had any problems....
4	Totally didn't plan on coming here on our last day in Vegas, but we had some time to kill before heading to the airport. Why not eat? HahaWe made it just in time for their lunch price ($18.99), so yay! Dinner price is $24.99, which isn't too bad. Surprisingly, the line wasn't bad at all, but it was a Monday afternoon in between lunch & dinner time.We got seated in a separate room. Our waitress was super nice. The food was delish as usual. Ended our meal with an ice cream cone :) I really like Le Village Buffet compared to some of the other buffets at other Harrah's properties.
3	Decent buffet for the price especially if you do the BoB. The little quiches and the dessert crepe were outstanding.
3	This is a solid option for buffets on the strip. They do have some french  "inspired" dishes. pricing is reasonable and there is an option to add unlimited beer/champagne/wine. A good way to get drunk if you ware inclined to do so. Some of the items like the crepes were a crowd pleasers and thus long line on that station. Tipping the server in advance is a good idea as you get decent service this way. Dessert station is decent. A reasonable buffet option. I liked some of the grilled items. Also the Duck L'Orange was an item you usually won't see in a Buffet. The Champagne was sparkling wine I think below average.
1	Bought the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass to any of the Harrah casino buffets. Yes, I'd do it again. Would avoid Paris, though. Went twice to Paris (late lunch and breakfast), as we wanted to try the crepes that EVERYONE bragged about. The line to get in both times was long (even middle of the week in August); they're not quick to sit people even though there were alot of empty tables. The crepes were undercooked both times. The woman cooking them in the morning had no idea what she was doing. I've had great crepes and these were just awful. Besides being just bad, there also was no savory options for the crepe fillings. It was all dessert or nothing. I had high hopes for the other dessert offerings and all were blah. The creme brulee was runny. The other pastries were either bland, soft (when should be flaky), or overly sugary. The breakfast items were the same in texture and flavor. Maybe they're cooking for the average American palate? Whatever it was, it really did not impress at all.
5	My favorite buffet place to go to in Vegas.  The setting is really beautiful and right when you walk in you see a dessert place and you're instantly in heaven.  Their eclairs are probably the best ones I've had ever.  They had a good seafood selection too, which won big time points with me.  All in all, my opinion is that this is the best buffet in Vegas!
3	Le Village buffet was always a fave dining spot, but the quality and variety isn't as good now as it used to be. Okay for buffet bit there are better options for your money.
4	Finally finishing my Vegas reviews! This place is really good! One of my favorite places to eat for breakfast! Every time I'm in Vegas I always try to eat breakfast here. Get here early or the line gets long! The Crepe station is awesome!
4	This is the BEST brunch in Vegas!! Every time we are in town, we make sure to visit this buffet. The selection is fantastic with tons of items to choose from. We make sure to arrive before 10:00 to get the breakfast price of $18.99 before it goes up to the brunch price of $27.99. But since you are already in the restaurant you can take advantage of the brunch options! This way you get both the breakfast menu and brunch menu at the breakfast price. Several highlights: light and fluffy eggs with cheddar cheese, flavorful ham, delectable crepes, a salad bar, turkey, grilled vegetables, fruit, lots of pastries and much more! One important thing to know is that there is often a long line, so be prepared to wait. It is very worth the wait though!
1	Le Blah!  A friend from work told me this was the best buffet she had been to in Las Vegas, but I guess things have changed since she was here 3 years ago.The wait was interminable...like an hour, and it didn't even appear to be crowded.  The food was cold and tasteless.  I couldn't even pull the chicken off the bone because it was too tough.  The pastas were crusty and bland.  The biggest disappointment was the desserts.  Wouldn't you think a French inspired buffet would have the best desserts?  The cakes tasted like store bought birthday cakes.  Everything was dry and bland. I've eaten better food at a school cafeteria.  Do not waste your money at this buffet.  The Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan) and Aria buffets are much better.
3	We came here and there was a line, but the line was moving really fast. I was glad because I was starving. I thought this buffet was okay. Better than the one at Caesars, but nothing compared to the buffets in Rio! Food was fresh and I thought the selection was pretty good. On a side note, for some reason the outside of the buffet reminded me of Downtown/Main Street of Disney with the way things were set up.Food was edible, but nothing too spectacular.
3	I hate/love this place.The line is horribly long but the food is good buffet food. No, it's not a spectacular mind-blowing buffet that will give you a foodgasm. But, definitely one of the better buffets and worth checking out... especially if you get the buffet of buffets deal (SUPER SUPER RECOMMENDED even if you don't eat a lot!).
4	This was the best of the 4 buffets we tried with our Buffet of Buffets pass.  The quality was good and choices were plenty.  We had dinner there, and wished we tried their breakfast.  Would definitely come back the next time we are in Vegas.
4	Went here for their Champagne brunch, but thanks to getting in and paying before they switched over to that service we were able to enjoy everything the brunch had to offer for the regular breakfast buffet price.  From what I saw of the regular breakfast menu selections that were available when we were seated, I'm not sure I would have paid more than $10-15 for it as it was just generic run of the mill breakfast items with a few exceptions...but the champagne brunch?  So much good food to start the day with...the only thing that's a bummer with Vegas buffets, especially the good ones is that with so much to sample from, it's impossible to try everything and that was the case here.  I could have eaten more, but I just had to save room for the desserts and pastries which as would be expected from a French themed place were top notch.  All in all, I would definitely come back next time out in Vegas :)
4	Damn good food....the tri tip is so tender.  Great crepes,I got the apple with carmel on top.  Grilled mushrooms were bursting with flavor.  I am hard to please when it comes to buffet food.....this was the best buffet I have had.  Also the best food I had in general here in vegas.
3	Le Village Buffet does a good job of filling a person's stomach up with plenty of food to do it with. None of the food here is actually spectacular but none of it is bad either and the variety sure doesn't disappoint. And when I'm talking variety I mean all the trappings you'd expect out of a good Vegas buffet experience: solid breakfast bar, meat station, salad bar, kabob bar, and so forth. I think the standouts for me included the creme brulee, the omelette station, smoked salmon, and some of the fish entrees.I guess my only real gripe with the place is the arrangement of the place...everything seems physically congested and when they wheel out the trash bins for clean up you might feel like it can get kind of close to the food. Still, the ambiance is nice...Disney-esque in a way since the buffet tries to mimic the feeling of eating in a French village. Service was good here and your standard drinks like sodas and juices (and refills) come with the regular price - I can't say with certainty whether you get champagne refills though. Le Village Buffet is definitely a decent buffet that doesn't rank among the very best buffets I've had, but its certainly one of the more well valued buffets I've been to.
3	went for lunch.. i give it 3.5 stars :)
5	This buffet was by far the best one I went to with my 7 buffets in 24 hours pass. I went for breakfast since I remember it having a good reputation and it was such a good decision! Everything was just so good, and so many choices, I don't even remember everything I ate to list it all out. The servers were genuinely happy to serve and that was refreshing, especially since they had so many people to assist. Note: try to make it before 10:30, lines really start to get long and the wait will most definitely be an hour and a half...plus!
3	their desserts were awesome but the rest of the food was just okay... very average. good ambience and friendly service  though. the line-up here was ridiculously long for some reason (like more than an hour)
4	This place has the best breakfast fbuffet! They high quality stuff. I will definetly be back here on my next visit!
3	Le Village is your typical Vegas casino buffet.  There's always a long line but once you're in the clear there's a variety of choices to consume and feast on!  What separates Le Village from other buffets is their crepes!  There is a crepe station with fruits, nuts, toppings and whip cream.  If only they had strawberry...
3	Must try. The creme brulee. Fantabulous. Very creamy and flavorful. I'm spoiled by some great buffets... And I'd have to say this place is better than the average buffet, but truly doesn't have any unforgettable moments. Yes, it has a crepe station. But it's only average at best. Options are very simple. Choose your fruit. Choose your sauce. Second time I went, they had run out/didn't put out the nutella. Boooooo.But it's great for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Le Village doesn't go out of their way to impress you by something impressive or new-  you're sure to find familiar foods here. For sure, nothing bad. You'll get full. But not something I'd go out of my way for.
5	Le Village Buffet is by far my favorite. This place is not cheap but it's worth the price and the wait if there are long lines. Personally I prefer going during dinner time, that's when all the prime ribs and delicious meats come out! And their desserts are aaaaaamazing, I have to have the flan and the creme brulee x2 the most. ha ha ha!Love the atmosphere and the service is good. So if you are in Vegas, make sure you stop by, it's well worth the try!
4	Pros:  * Nearly everything I got was premium in taste  * Lamb, Duck, Tri-Tip, and Crab . Yum !  * Seating   * AtmosphereCons:  * Felt rushed  * No hot crab legs   * No discount offered with Player's Card  * No flavored ice tea  * Sushi didn't fancy me (nor did their Clam Chowder)    After walking around the strip for quite sometime, my girlfriend and I decided we'd try this buffet out.  Price for dinner on a Monday night was $24.99/pp.  In comparison to the rest of the places to eat around Paris, we thought it was a pretty good deal and we would get a variety.    Seating after entering the buffet came fast.  We were literally seated the minute we walked in (but it was 9:45 pm so I didn't expect a wait).  I like the atmosphere of the buffet.  It's almost as if it was a street corner full of restaurants.  It had the look as if you were dining outside.  It was different and I liked it.  We got seated in a corner that was near a wall.  No complaints there.  I actually like the fact that we wouldn't have to worry about people walking by every 5 seconds and accidentally bump into our chair or table.    When ordering my drink, I asked for Raspberry Ice Tea, but they didn't have that so I opted for Sierra Mist.  When I got to the actual buffet, I was pretty astonished at some of the stuff they had:  Sushi, Crab Legs, Lamb, Bow-tie Pesto, Poached Salmon, Clam Chowder, etc. etc... the list goes on.   Nearly everything I sampled was really good.  There were a few that I didn't care for much.  I figured mentioning those would do more good to anyone considering going to Le Village Buffet.  Read below under "Tips" for more info on what I didn't care for.  I would have given this place 5 stars, but the reason I didn't is because when arriving, I asked the lady at the register if there was still enough time to enjoy eating since it was near 10.  She told me we had an hour to eat before they would close down the buffet.  However, while eating; someone approached us at 10:30 and told us to make our final selections because the buffet was about to shutdown and that we would have to be out by 11.  I don't know why I was eating at the buffet this late anyhow, I get it.  It's just that the girl told me we had 1 hour when really we only had 30 minutes to actually get food at the buffet.  No biggie, we were practically done eating.  We did feel a little rushed (especially since my girlfriend didn't get a chance to make her way to the dessert yet).Overall:  Aside from feeling a bit rushed,  I'd say a really good buffet with some very tasty selections.  Tips:  *  Sushi was not good at all.  I had one piece and was done.   *  Clam Chowder was nice to see on the menu, but wow it was extremely thick and I'm not even exaggerating.  I love Clam Chowder, but Le Village's was just too much.  *  Come before 10pm if you are eating dinner here.  10pm is last seating, but as you read above it would be wiser to come earlier.  *  Don't forget to check out the very far left section:  this is where the lamb, tri-tip steak and other goodies are.  You can even make your own Gyro!  * along w/ making your own Gyro, there is a Crepe station too.  Yum.  *  Come hungry!  Seriously!!
2	review for breakfast buffett*for 15.99 it is ok.they had the usual, eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits & gravy and other stuff. everything tasted ok. i love their OJ tho, so yummy.there is nothing special about this place though. if your hungry and with your boys after a night of gambling, come here.definitely not a place to impress a date with.
4	paris is my favorite breakfast/brunch buffet in vegas.  my only complaint right now is about one of the operators that answer the phone, lorenz (phonetic)the 10YO really wanted king crab legs, and i called around to different buffets to see which ones offered it earlier in the day. (we were leaving that day)  all the buffets i called prior to calling paris only served them with dinner.  when i called paris to see whether they had crab legs for breakfast or lunch, i was told that they don't.  then i asked what time the crab legs came out (because i really wanted to eat at paris before leaving)  and lorenz said they came out at 11:30 or so.  ME:  "Um, i thought you said they weren't served for breakfast or lunch."LORENZ:  "They're not.  king crab legs are served during brunch"REALLY?  are we playing word games here?  basically, had i not asked what time the crab legs came out, i wouldn't have known, and we would have eaten elsewhere.what an arse
2	We recently went here for a Sunday brunch buffet. There were 4 of us and we had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated. We had all eaten here before and it had been very good.  Not so much now. As we walked around looking for our favorite cheeses, we discovered that they had really cheapened up the cheese tray.  There was no brie, no soft bleu or otherfwise, just some slices of what appeared to be cheddar or havarti.Many of the areas were empty and they were not quick to refill. I was excited to finally get a crab leg, but when I cracked it, the smell was so fishy that I chose not to eat it.  The Prime Rib was very good and there was a good assortment of vegetables and fruit.My husband had a made to order omelette, however, they didn't have any sour cream. The breads were good, not nearly the beautiful dessert buffet with French pastries that they had had in the past.The service of the front line staff (hostess, wait staff) was good,   Oveall, I was disappointed as I really felt that the quality had gone down hill. I remember when this was the best buffet in all of Vegas, not so much any more.
3	Le Village was my first top in the Buffet of Buffets. The major standouts at Le Village were the prime rib, the pesto pasta, the custard vanilla ice cream, and the flan. The prime rib was very tender, very juicy, and cooked seemingly just right. There was enough flavor within the meat and the au jus that no horse radish was needed. The pesto pasta was probably the best pesto I've had outside of my own kitchen. Granted, my exposure to pesto sauces is not too vast, but I'd say that Le Village did this one solid. There was solid flavor, they used a good amount of garlic and pine nuts, the pasta was a perfect texture.The flan was pretty delicious although I typically like my flan more dense than light. My guests concurred that the flan was of a good texture. The custard vanilla ice cream was very thick and dense and the added 'oomph' of the custard made for an extremely thick and smooth feel. Good anchor to the rest of the meal.And that's pretty much where the good stuff ended. Everything else was your seemingly generic Vegas buffet offerings. One thing to stay away from was the Mediterranean selection section. The lamb was jerky, all of the kabobs, hummus, and dolmas have been sitting out for wayyy too long and you could just tell to stay away. I gave it a shot and sadly regretted it.Our server was very strategic. Always gone when we needed her, always present when not. Granted, all we really needed was refills on our drinks and plates to be removed when done, but she just seemed to be a little inefficient in her service.Overall, Le Village may be the best, if not, the 2nd best offering in the Buffet of Buffets selections. Aside from the dishes that I praised above, nothing else really stood out.
3	If I learned anything from my brief love affair with Texas Hold 'Em it'd be the importance of value in gambling. The pot was raised when I heard about the 24-hour all-you-can-eat deal, and then raised some more with rave reviews from friends and Yelp. In our little quartet, me agreeing to do the buffet deal would make two frequent guests friends happy, and my boyfriend full of food, so the expectations were positive, so I went all-in.The result? The food was pretty good! And by my math, three meals came to ~$15 each, which is a steal for Vegas (you can't even get a drink at a club for that price). The veggies were fresh, the meat was surprisingly juicy, but the real star of the show was the crepe area. Oh boy, I threw in some poached pears and drizzled raspberry sauce on top - delightful. I don't know how to end my poker analogy because if you know anything about poker you can tell I don't quite understand "value" even though I know it's important. So, I'll end with something like, it's no Big Slick, but it's like getting dealt a pair of 9s. Yeah, it could be better, but still pretty good. Eh?
2	This was the third buffet within the 24 hours of buffet of buffets. We came for breakfast. Had a fruit crepe, it wasn't that bad, so it was ok.I wanted an egg benedict for breakfast so when I got to the station, the egg benedict looked kind of dry not very enticing, against my judgment, I went ahead it got one.When I tried to cut the muffin, I couldn't even cut a piece after about ten tries, eventually I gave up, the egg looked very dry, it must have been sitting in the serving pan for who knows how long, mind you this was only 9:30 AM on Monday morning. I have never had an experience like this not be able to cut a piece of muffin ever.So you tell me how good is this buffet suppose to be? Does it deserve 4 or 5 stars rating? I am talking about egg benedict, your daily American common breakfast, how can they mess up so bad, can't even cut a piece of the muffin after ten tries? Even if I go to IHOP and order a egg benedict I know for sure I can cut the muffin and enjoy my egg benedict.Base on my egg benedict experience at Le Village Buffet, this restaurant buffet didn't impress me much at all. Otherwise the rest of the common breakfast, scramble eggs and bacons are just like from any regular restaurants.Oh by the way, the wife got a green apple, took a bite and threw it away. I asked her why? Apple was not even fresh enough and edible.
4	Just fantastic.Come for lunch, stay for dinner.  There were a lot of "exotic" choices (for a homegrown guy like me), but I was able to find enough to sustain myself.  Plus, crepes.  It's a nice little village-y themed place, so it's easy on the eyes, too.  So far, the last three buffets I've encountered (Aria, PH and Paris) have all been really great.
2	Very good selection. However, the food quality, temperature and taste is not worth the calories or money.  The only two items that I can actually recommend being worth while was the crepe station and the prime rib.  Also, we were there for a conference at Bally's/Paris and the food was meh or less for the eight meals that were served.  I wouldn't trust eating there anytime soon at any of their concepts.
3	The only reason why I came here was because of Buffet of Buffets deal. I have to say this place is more about quantity over quality. The food and the service was below average. I felt like the waiter was mean and rude. He separated us apart even though we asked to be seated together. He gave us a hard time even when we were clearly nice toward him. The only good thing was their salad which I would not pay to go to a buffet just to have some salad.
2	Went for dinner at 8:30 on a Saturday night.  $60 for two before tip.  Everything was really picked over and some item were not replaced the entire time we were there.  Service was also really poor.  It has been several years since we had been there.  I think this is really a brunch kind of place and not dinner.
3	I'm a little bit crazy, in that I generally don't eat at buffets...unless I'm in Las Vegas. Yeah, I know. Weird.ANYWAY, there always seemed to be a really long line for Le Village, so we avoided it in the past. However, I was recently in Vegas for a work event, and was gifted with Diamond status for the Harrah's "family" of hotels and casinos, so I was able to use my VIP status to bypass the line, go through the fancy area, and get seated right away. YAY!The ambiance of the Le Village buffet gets 4 stars. They really try to make you feel like you're in a little courtyard somewhere in France, which is cool with me. Especially when I was coming down from a stressful weekend and just wanted to relax, eat, and drink. I didn't feel like I was in Vegas, which totally worked for me. Our server was really nice, and had iced teas and mimosas (YAY, mimosas!!) on the table right away, and our mimosa glasses really didn't ever get empty. I'm a big fan of free unlimited mimosas, so I was a pretty happy girl from that standpoint.Now, the food. Honestly, from the ever-present line and a lot of the reviews, I was expecting to be wowed. And I really wasn't. I mean, the food was good, and this buffet is definitely better than some, but there wasn't anything terribly French. Or many things that I couldn't get at any other buffet, really. But there were some pretty good dishes that I did break my one plate rule for and went back for seconds: bacon and brie pasta, spicy mussels, garlic mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, lamb tips, shrimp (oh, shrimp. How I love you.), and the antipasti plate. The creme brulee for dessert was nice, but nothing to swoon over. The rest of the desserts didn't do it for me, which was probably good, after the second plate of the things I mentioned above!The price was comparable to other Vegas buffets, and for the quality of the food, a better deal than at some of the other hotels. All in all, was it good? Yep. Was it my favorite Las Vegas buffet? Nope. Would I be back again? Yes, but I wouldn't wait for ages in a line. It's a solid option, though, and like I said...the ambiance is worth it, especially if you want to feel like you're not in Vegas for awhile.
4	Food was great! (5 star) Huge variety of different choices, most top notch.  Desserts were a highlight. Service was poor.  Since it's a buffet, this only made it hard to get drinks.  Our waiter spent most his time folding napkins. He only looked up to see if anyone was leaving so he could check the table for tips.  When we did get his attention he alternated between being friendly and surly--a real Jeckyl & Hyde type!
1	In the ranks of the worst buffets i have ever went to. Save your $ and go to Bellagio.First, the wait was long as hell. Ok, i understand, allot of places are packed now, their must be something good in here right? Wrong!No crab legs. Strike 1.Oysters literally spoiled, i had to spit it out. Strike 2Meat from the cutting board, dry. Strike 3. I really don't think i actually enjoyed anything here besides dessert. Wait staff was slow to clear dishes from my table.Look, i am really trying to pick something nice out about this place so i can give it a 2 but i cant. Maybe the scenery is cool, the surroundings. I was impressed by the Paris itself, the casino is nice. I was happy till i got on the line, then nothing from thereon in was good. I wont go back, a 2/5 deserves a second try, not this place.
2	We stayed at the Paris hotel and a few of us wanted quick and fast food that didn't require a dress code.  This was our buffet in our hotel and it was $20 for our lunch meal.They really didn't have anything good to eat.  The only place I thought would have been worth my money, was the crepe stand, but the crepes were soggy and moist by the time I got back to my eating area. My favorite part of this buffet was the sauteed mushrooms and the onion soup.  Even the prime rib was over done and dry. I was so desperate, I went to the pasta stand and asked them to just boil me pasta and I made my own onion, pasta soup. I was sad when I left. THEY DIDN'T EVEN HAVE BACON!Will not be back, I rather take my buffet experience elsewhere and pay more for quality food.
4	The only reason that this place gets 4 stars is because we are huge fans of the buffet at the RIO. This place had a great selection of food, and all of it was great, i was epsecially surprised at how good the Prime Rib was there, i mean all buffets in vegas serve prime rib, but this one was great, awesome flavor and it ws cooked perfectly. If you stay at the paris this is worth at least a trip.
3	I've been here a few times over the years & this last time didn't feel as good.We first tried the made to order crepes, they were pretty good.  The hot foods were good, eggs benedict were good.  The best part was the creme brulee!  Yum!Weekend brunch includes champagne, that meant bottomless mimosas for me!  :)The ambiance is very cute, feels like your in a small quaint french village. Overall, I'd come again for the variety, but it's pretty pricey for what you get.
2	Maybe I was expecting something different than an average buffet but I was a little disappointed in this. A few years ago my GF went here when she went to LV. She said that this is the place we had to go because she liked it.So we went there and waited in line for over an hour while. I was thinking maybe they'll have something different, you know maybe some thing European. This is just like any other buffet in LV. It has it's meats, noodles and salads. Asian foods are there too so I was a little disappointed with that. All that wait for garbage.The best thing they have there is the made to order Crepe station. So you wait about an hour to get into this place, empty your wallet than go to the Crepe station where you'll have to wait...in line.Great isn't it? Try something else.
4	It's a fatty's paradise!Even my husband - who hates hates hates hates hates buffets, loved this place!  Seafood as far as the eye can see...roast beef, roast lamb, roasted pork - basically if it was meat it could be roasted...and my ultimate favorite...ALL YOU CAN DRINK CHAMPAGNE.Yes, it's a little pricy (it's $25) and the lines can get pretty ridiculously long, but if you're a Yelper worth his or her salt, you can easily drink/eat/drink that $25 back without breaking into sweat.  Plus, you'll be drunk/full/drunk for the rest of the day!WIN!
1	Very rude manager. It is shame for such a nice place to have a manager who does not have any idea about customer service.
2	For the price your better off going to Bellagio or the Wynn. Paid almost $80 for 2 people for Thanksgiving last year (paid for express cause the line was LONG!). Food was below average, only one Turkey carving station, slow service. The line for the craving station was blocking the other food sections. We probably didn't eat half a plate of food.  I sent them an email and they refunded my money. Only way I would visit again is if it was comped. Not worth the money when there are so many other great places to eat in Vegas.
4	Lines were fairly short. The line snakes outside 2 lanes and 2 lanes inside. I came for Buffet of buffet and the lines moved fairly quickly for Tuesday 9:50am.The crepes were made to order.Breakfast starts ends at 11. Lunch starts at 11.So the trick is to get to register before lunch, which we got there at 10:10am. Everything is super good, super buttery, super fattening. The pastries, fresh made omelets, and crepes were the best things!
4	First of all, if you have a smartphone, check in to Paris Casino on Foursquare because you'll get a $5 off voucher to the buffet.  Considering that the buffet is $19 per person, the discount is pretty substantial. We went for lunch on a wednesday around 1, and there were no lines.  The cashier lady was nice enough to extend my one $5 off voucher to my boyfriend as well, so we really saved $10 in the end. :) :) :) I WAS SO HAPPY. We thought the buffet would be our splurge meal! On to the food... THERE IS SO MUCH FOOD. I know you're only supposed to take a bite of everything the first time around, but I was too distracted by the roast duck. It had some sort of sweet fruit glaze on the outside; I took double helpings-- bad idea. http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6993.jpgThe shellfish wasn't too great, and I'm a little sad I wasted precious stomach space on them. Focaccia roll? Nice and chewy. Roast mushrooms? Perfectly seasoned. Tri-tip? Nice and pink in the middle. Buffet food is typically pretty meh, but how can you miss out on a Vegas buffet? This was one of the better buffets I've been to during the last 10 years. $15 well spent.Round 2: http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6996.jpgMore mushrooms! Caesar salad + plain romaine (pre-mixed salads are often so heavy on the dressing!), creamed spinach + artichoke (YUM), sole, marinated tomato and mozzarella balls. My tips would be to go easy on the pasta, get the duck and roast beef, get veggies (minus the asparagus), and don't get shellfish.  The fish is alright, the mediterranean section's got great sauces (pesto aioli! :D), and SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT!Observe: http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6994.jpgAnd that's only one side of the dessert island!  I tried a little of several desserts...http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6996.jpgMacarons. So Frenchy and so good! I also heard the creme brulee and custard were good, but I was SO full I couldn't even think about putting creamy, heavy food into my stomach. However, I did squeeze in a little bit of space for a childhood favorite.  The apple crumble was divine-- hello, childhood memories! Paired with a dollop of soft serve, it was fantabulous! http://i92.photobucket.com/albums/l18/AyJee/IMG_6998.jpgThe bf and I were stuffed for the rest of the day; we made use of a groupon on our way home, but took home most of the food. I legitimately thought I was going to die of fullness. Standing up straight was definitely an issue, but boy am I glad I went to Le Village! I did a little research beforehand on best buffets on the Strip, but ended up choosing Village over Bellagio due to the reviews for the dessert bar. ;) Sweet tooth win.
4	Wow! This was the first buffet I've ever had in Vegas and it was pretty good! We stood in for about 40 or so minutes Sunday morning to begin our carb load for the Vegas marathon :) If you have a Harrahs playing card, you save $3 - $27. I ate and ate and ate and ate. The crepe station was definitely my fav. I had two, and now that I think about it I should have had 4! Next time! The crepe station is not like the omelet station (which I did not have) but more of a preset menu with no alterations but they are very delicious. The brussel sprouts were soooo good, and the brie mac and cheese with bacon bits -to die-! The prime rib was good but my friend mentioned the turkey and roast beef were dry. Not too many desserts but lots of food! I certainly feel like I did my best to get my monies worth ;) and my friends husband did mention this was the most he's ever seen me eat, lol so I think I did a pretty damn good job. Sausage, french toast, pancakes, brussel sprouts, grilled tomato, asparagus, mash potatoes, quiche, crepes, biscuits/gravy, banana, pretzel roll, champagne, coffee, orange juice. Yea, we really did it up. Not sure if I'll return because I'm not sure I'll ever need to eat this much again in life but certainly worth it for the crepe station alone because I'm sure if you buy them right across the way at the crepe place 27 bucks will get you a few and nothing else. Enjoy! Oh, and expect 98% of the people in there to look as though they eat a "buffet" everyday! Just an observation.
1	Terrible! Came here for dinner $30.99 per person. Surprisingly, there was a decent line up.The decor is actually very lovely. A european village or I would think not having been to europe. But its the food.. the food is really poor quality.I did find some neat stuff but I was not able to find anything good in the entire buffet. Some neat stuff I found were some king crab legs, macaroons, and some poorly done creme brulet.
2	Tried this buffet because of the buffet of buffet deals. In my opinion, this is probably the smallest of all the buffets. I've tried the majority on the list, but I could be wrong. The lines for the crepes were long, the food was okay, and the selection was small. I like to get lost at the buffet, like at the Wynn buffet. The line was insanely long for this teeny, tiny buffet. If you have the patience, then you should at least try it once. Otherwise go to the Wynn or M resort. Their selection and food is so much better.
3	great thing about this place: you can pay extra $ for fast lineworst thing about this place:  you still need to wait to get seated even you paid for fast line. if you are a dessert person, you should try this place.
4	I don't much care for the Paris hotel. It's too loud and the rooms are uncomfortably appointed.  However Le Village Buffet is wonderful.  I've only ever eaten breakfast at it but the selection is amazing. The Crepe's bar is fantastic, the omelet bar equally soon.  Most Buffet's have one type of sausage and one type of bacon, here you have several of each.  Go Hungry, you won't be disappointed.
3	Le Village Buffet used to be one of my most favorite buffets in Las Vegas; however, both the quality of the foods and the variety of food selections have gone down over the years, and now i have officially removed it from my must-go buffet list.My boyfriend and I went in for dinner buffet a few days ago on Sunday, 12/11/11.  The line was okay at around 7:00 PM and we waited just about 20 mins to be seated.  The only highlights of the buffet were the pistachio macarons that tasted sooooo good and also the crepes (both sweet and savory), while everything else was just A-OK.  The snow crab legs were so tiny teeny weeny and sucked!  All the soups (creamy chicken, french onion, and vegetable soup) were freaking salty!  Service was barely acceptable since our server seemed a bit too busy chatting with others....All in all, it's not worth 67 bucks for the two of us.  Will i go back next time?? nah. i dont think so. I have experienced better for about the same price mann.....
4	This is one of my top 5 favorite buffets. I don't remember the bad but I definitely remember the good, so I'll mention those. I came here for breakfast and there was a 30-40 minute wait on a Tuesday. After we were seated, the waitress quickly brought us both orange juice and a pot of hot coffee. The omelet bar was my favorite. The chef spent a good amount of time making each omelete. He would first cook the stuff in the omelete: spinach, mushrooms, bacon, etc. then he would mix in the egg to cook it, finally he would ask if you want cheese and fold the cheese in last. There was salsa at the end of the bar. This was one of my favorite items for breakfast. The biscuit and gravy was good. I would avoid the scrambled eggs, they were a bit watery when we had them. Try to get the bacon on the top of the try, the bottom pieces tend to be more drenched in oil/grease. The fruits are always good. The crepes were okay, I asked the chef to make mine a little thinner. They also give you a big scoop of cream. Since the fruits they use are quite sour, it helps cut the sourness :] I also came here another day for lunch since a friend wanted to come here. Surprisingly I wasn't disappointed. After having the pastas at PH's Spice Market, I was scared to try the pasta here, but they were really yummy and I'm glad I did. Definitely try all the pastas, I liked the pest tortellini, brie mac n cheese, and mushroom ravioli. The roast beef was really good, if you like medium rare you have to ask for it or else they automatically give you a medium well piece. If you like medium well and they only have rare pieces, ask the chef to put it on the grill to make it medium well. The grilled asparagus goes really well with the au jus and roast beef. Remember to bring pour some in a small bowl cause pouring it directly makes the other items on your plate absorb it. The sushi looked funky so I avoided those, but around the corner in the Asian-ish station was a steamed cod stuffed with a garlicy goodness. They have cold crab legs here, which I wasn't too fond of. If you want crab legs, go to Spice market. I also had the duck, it was okay, something to try. Okay, time for desserts! Everyone raves about the creme brulee, but not the best here. It was goood, but the sugar did not crack. They make so many of these, they just put them in the fridge after they burn the sugar so the sugar doesn't crack when your spoon smacks it. They still taste good but not OMG FRESH YUMMY good. Other good stuff: chocolate mousse tarte, croissant w/ chocolate, cheesecake w/ strawberry and bread pudding. Man this was a long review. So just come here for breakfast and try the pastas and roast beef if you come here for lunch/dinner. Get the buffet of buffet pass and try this place for breakfast. If you want coffee to-go, just ask your waitress for a paper cup... and remember to tip them for being so nice :]
4	I purchased one of the $45-50 Buffet of Buffet passes--giving me access to 7 different casino buffets in a 24-hour period. Some of the choices seemed not-so-good, but I remembered this buffet as being halfway decent when I had tried it years and years ago. The line was much shorter than on my first trip. I remember about 8-9 years ago, the line went out the door almost into the casino. This time, there were maybe 15-25 people ahead of us. They were a little slow with seating, but nothing outrageous. The food? Pretty good. I'd say the quality is fairly good, but the selection is a bit lower than my favorite (Bellagio), but still, you are presented with a pretty impressive spread. Then again, I just need a few staples done well with a few flourishes and I'm pretty happy. I'm fairly gluttonous at all-you-can-eat buffet set ups, and I was able to eat my fill. I think of everything I tried, there was only one thing that I didn't really enjoy. TL;DR: it's one of the cheaper buffets on the strip, the line wasn't ridiculous, you can get it as part of a package deal. Fairly good food if you just want a few staple items to shovel into your face.
4	I did a weekday breakfast and weekday dinner at Le Village Buffet at the Paris during my 24 hours using the Buffet of Buffet pass.  At 9am on a Wednesday, this place was crackin'.  I waited in line about 40 minutes to be seated.  I loved the ambience of this buffet.  It is decorated to look like you've walked into a French marketplace.  Each of the buffet stations is named after a region in France.  There was a selection of breads, all different variations of eggs (scrambled with sausage, scrambled with mushroom, etc.), ham, sausage, bacon, french toast, pastries different variations of potatoes, as well as made to order omelettes and crepes.  I also noticed that they had a yogurt bar with granola, raisins and nuts to mix in.  Plain, undressed salad and fresh sliced fruit were also available.As I had an appointment at the spa, I ate "light." I got a custom omelette, hash browns and a dessert crepe that came with a bananas foster style filled crepe with nutella/just chocolate sauce drizzled on top with the freshest whipped cream ever!  Although there was a decent selection of breakfast foods, the cooks at Le Village never skimped on quality, which really impressed me.  This led to us deciding to eat a dinner meal here as well.For dinner, there were not a ton of vegetarian friendly options.  There were tons of meats available (chicken, duck, beef, lamb, crab legs) and dishes containing meat.  Same great bread selection and the expected salad bar fixings.  The french onion soup seemed popular.  However, after experiencing a great dessert crepe at breakfast, I went straight for the savory caprese crepe at dinner and didn't regret it.  The balsamic reduction was delish!  I also tried the sweet potato, mashed potatoes and gratin potatoes.  All were tasty.  The dessert included many sugar free pastries as well as sugar-full desserts.  Eclairs, creme brulee, walnut brownies and fruit tarts all looked good, but I didn't go for them.  I settled with the chocolate custard and was pleased.  Overall, great quality and selection on breakfast and dinner.  Definitely worth it to do the buffet of buffets as weekday breakfast was priced at $18.99 and weekday dinner was priced at $30.99.  I paid $44.99 for the 24 hour Buffet of Buffet pass.
4	One of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas. Last time I came was probably a good 5-6 years ago, but I remember the wait gets really really long if you don't get there super early. Hence, my group rushed to get there by 530 to beat the wait. There was probably 20-30 people ahead of us for dinner. The line moved quite quickly as they were still trying to seat people when we arrived. The ambiance definitely stands out compared to any other buffet I've been to. They have a little building in the middle just for the dozens of desserts that they offer. The prime rib here is pretty good although this time around, a lot of the meat was medium rare. They have a crepe station that serves both savory and sweet. The sweet crepe is very filling so be sure to save that till the very end. This buffet has a lot of variety and it's hard not to find something that you would like. Key: When I was leaving around 700-730, there was a line with at least 75 people in it. The wait is usually up to 90 minutes around then.
1	Below average quality. Even fruit was not fresh. Pancake was hard to swallow, the made-to-order omelettes had a strange smell and the berries were not fresh. I used $10OFF coupon ($10 per person afterwards) and still felt I should not have gone there. Just go to bellagio for the same kind of food at same price ($20 each for breakfast).
4	We went for Thanksgiving. Very good. Long lines in front of the food, kind of annoying. But the food quality is good. A lot of variety. Highlight, dessert. Very very good. Home cooking for sure!! Great value, especially if you get the Buffet of Buffets pass! Only 44.99 for 24 hrs. Awesome! So full!
2	I read reviews (not on yelp) and Le Village consistently ranks very high, after eating here I was left scratching my head and wondering why.  I found that there wasn't anything that they do better than any other buffet.  It just wasn't that good, and several of the items weren't the desired temperature.  There are two things that I really liked about Le Village, they had excellent bread, and the atmosphere is very cool.
4	I went to a few buffet places while in Vegas and this is one of the best. We went there for dinner..and TONS of meat, veggie, and desserts...stomach was too full to try each of them. The Italian foods were the nicest, beware of : DRY SUSHI!! waste of stomach space...dry rice, dry fish. don't even bother try just because it's sushi! lol. Smoked salmons weren't fresh, too 'fishy' - they probably experienced unfinished smoking process or something? Desserts were nice! Although not authentic Frenchy stuffs, but just try the chocolate operas, yum! Not the generic stuffs you usually found in buffet places.meats were excellent, tender, juicy, LOTS of them, and varied..pork, lamb, chicken, beef, you name it. Lots of cheesy stuffs as well. Pastas were very nice too. Salad bars were complete with every imaginable veggies you can rabbit on...but definitely not a very vegetarian place...eventhough it's probably better than one in Planet Hollywood / Monte Carlo / New York New York...Nice ambiance, feels like French garden with dim lights and well heated in winter.Just don't eat the Asian stuffs....
1	This was my second visit to the buffet and today was a huge disappointment!!!The line was so much shorter than my first visit.. only 20 min. on Wed afternoon early dinner instead of two hours!We were seated promptly and we picked up our HOLIDAY dinner priced at $35.99.When I glanced at the food lines, most dishes were out!!! Out of food at a buffet??? I should have known that there was a poor management. When we returned to our table to eat.. all of us picked up grilled asparagus. I have NEVER seen a grilled asparagus that bad.. it was almost like chewing a bamboo stick.. impossible to chew asaragus??? something was not right!I called the manager to let him know. He agreed that it looked bad, but did nothing about it. Again... poor management!The rest of the food was okay... not even wanting to go back for second rounds at a buffet. That's how bad it was.I will not waste my money going to a place like thus to eat ever again.Bottom line.. bad food will loose costumers!!!!!
3	The food was good, but the desserts were great!
4	Buffet inside the Paris with great food selections & service! The prime rib, stuffed sole, brie & bacon mac & cheese, other seafood entrees, crepes & tiramisu were all winners!Be sure to go a bit early to avoid crazy long lines & also use your players club card for a discount!
3	I was seriously disappointed at the lack of variety here considering how much they charge. I ate here for breakfast and while enjoyed the omlet station and the quality if the food was good, the variety was just lacking and seriously over priced.
4	Hungover we dragged ourselves to this Buffet for brunch. The wait wasn't that long and right when we were seated we had all ordered some mimosa's and it was promptly brought to us. Best way to start off the morning, we all then split up and got some grub. The prime rib was delicious and the eggs Benedict wasn't the best I ever had so I barely touched that, the smoked salmon was a bit stronger flavor than I'm used to and the best of it all was the giant plate of crab we shared at our table. This place was decent for $30 per person. I think what won us over was the great customer service, we had a chef who personally went to get us rice even though they did not have any and went to the other buffet to get us some, cuz us asians can't live without it and our waitress was VERY attentive, talk about fast refills on mimosas!
2	Had dinner here on Jan. 4, 2012. Read many reviews before we went that rated this buffet quite highly. I feel compelled to add a review to possibly help others from wasting their time and money and so they can enjoy dinner elsewhere. As noted in other reviews, the setting is very nice. And I would give our waiter 5 stars (Milton was his name I think). Pretty much everything else was awful or average at best. My chair was used so much there was no more cushion in the seat and it was so wobbly I thought it might collapse.  I traded it with another chair at the table and it was in the same condition. Compared to other buffets, the number of food selections are limited. And that wouldn't be such a bad thing if the food was good -- it was poor. Wasn't all that tasty and much of what was supposed to be hot wasn't. The prime rib was the only item I found to be favorable. I was looking forward to excellent desserts and they were extremely disappointing as well. And yet the dinner line was so long that the wife and I opted to pay the additional $10 per person for the line pass and to be seated right away. We did the 24 hour buffet pass. Had breakfast and dinner next door at Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. It was excellent. Vast selections that were fresh and tasty and the desserts put Village buffet to shame as well -- even their creme brulee was better. And if you like crab legs, while both buffets have them, at Spice Market you can have them hot or cold and the legs are already split for you. Likewise the shrimp are already peeled unlike Village. Oh...and if you like cleanliness you'll enjoy Spice Market more too. At Village they never cleaned the front of the buffet where food would be spilled or dropped. At Spice Market it was done on a continual basis.  If it wasn't for our waiter or the ambiance I would not have even rated this two stars.
3	Loved the atmosphere of faux Paris. The "city streets" surrounding the tables were lovely. We went for breakfast and stuck around for lunch. I'm not such a breakfast person, so I enjoyed the lunch table considerably more than breakfast. Some of the foods such as the creamed spinach and the hollandaise on the eggs benedict lacked seasoning and left something to be desired. This buffet didn't blow me away, but that's because I kept comparing to the Bellagio Buffet I had visited the previous day.Breakfast faves of my table:Bagels and lox with all of the fixin'sPrime Rib Hash (the BEST...I keep thinking about this dish!)Braised CherriesLunch faves:Grilled lamb chops with chermoula sauceGrilled asparagusSpicy mussels with rice pilafRoasted tomato bisque
2	50 minute wait around 5 pm. 90+ min wait for people as we left. All the drawbacks of a French  restaurant - long lines, high prices - with none of the quiet dignity, elegance, or ambience. Typical buffet you could have anywhere, with only a few exceptions (good creme brulee, made to order crepes). If you can eat $30 worth of seafood or creme brulee, this MIGHT be a good deal.
3	Meat was little well done but the dessert was gooood. The crepe was great too all favor was good.
3	I'd give it a 2.5 I suppose. The food was poor to average but the desserts and free champagne (during brunch only) saved the day. I was just hoping the crepe fillings would be fresh (the spinach was pre-cooked and looked awful) and the dishes on the steam tables would look like they hadn't been sitting out for 2 hours. Looking forward to trying out other better buffets tomorrow!
1	Worst service ever...the servers are rude to you when you ask for refills clearing plates off you're table.
4	I love Paris Buffet because it is better than some other buffet on the strip. The food is almost same as last time I went which is about 6 month ago. Great Selection. Some food are too overcooked and not hot enough.
4	My boyfriend and I bought the Buffet of Buffets pass for all CET properties, and decided to hit up Le Village Buffet at Paris for breakfast, especially after reading about how it has one of the best breakfast buffets in Vegas. Unfortunately, we did not plan it out so well, and ended up having to wait about half an hour to an hour in line. By the time we were finally seated, they were serving lunch. The ambiance and decor is cute, made to look like you are actually dining in a French village. The service was prompt, and the food was varied from your usual buffet food. My boyfriend enjoyed the mussels, which he said were always the first items to disappear! The best part of the buffet is the made to order crepe station. There usually is a line, but it does move pretty quickly. The crepes are delicious, and are definitely worth the wait!
1	A disappointment! I read a lot of good reviews about this buffet and how much it was different than the other places with a "france regional theme".I have tried the "Buffet of Buffets" and kept this one for dinner as the reviews where so good. The food is represented has cuisine for the regions of france but it is not very representative is is cliche, not very well executed and everything seems to be very salty. Not returning.
4	This definitely is at the top of my bf and I's buffet list for Vegas. We tried out Wicked Spoon, which is constantly raved about everywhere, and were VERY unimpressed.Le Village, a bit of a walk in past the casinos and easily identifiable by its long lines, has great menus. We came here just between the brunch/dinner transition on Saturday, and found ourselves enjoying unlimited crepes (2 at a time though), bottomless mimosas, and creme brulees galore. Oh yeah, and the prime rib, and the cod (mmm), and the salmon, and the crab, and the...yeah. There's some things that aren't that great but fill yourself up on the good things and it'll be well worth your $32 (Saturday brunch/dinner price) and you'll be raving about it afterwards. I think the crepes really biased me...despite having to wait like 20 minutes in line for it while my group was already on their 3rd plates by the time I got back to the table...Since this is one of the included buffets on the Buffet of Buffets, I'd highly recommend it even if you only plan on going to 2 buffets. Paris' Le Village is definitely worth more than half of the cost already.I might also mention that the inside decor is great and really makes you feel like you're in a little city in France, AND the waitresses are super friendly and are all dressed just like I'd imagine they would be in France too. :)
5	This review is for the Breakfast portion of LeVillage Buffet!!After a rather disaapointing Buffet at Rio the night before we where almost ready to give up on the whole buffet scene at Vegas. It seems people in this city prefer quantity over quality. NOT my thing.BUT Then came La Village Buffet...the answer to Vegas mediocrity had been infront of my eyes all along in my very own hotel! (The hotel I was staying in I dont own Paris Paris...I wish!) What got us to give another buffet a go once again?? Two things!!1. We were famished..2...$5 all you can drink Mimosas...... need I say more??? ;) No...I need not.It was a breakfast paradise and I am the kind of person who typically just has coffee and a pastry for breakfast... but this was enough to turn breakfast into my favorite meal for a day! A Crepe station, build your own bagles and lox, all sorts of eggs and fresh fruit lovely potatoes and hash......turkey and chicken sausage and bacon.....It was all great quality food as well and choice cut meats.... this was really the best buffet in Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!So I just read my own review after about a year and... I think the company and the Mimosas really heightened the experience that night...Still the best buffet I had in Vegas without a doubt though.
2	Not a lot of selection. The food sucks.
5	OMG! One of Thee best breakfasts I have aver had!! Everything was super fresh and delicious! I had eggs, bacon, sausage, a couple pancakes, hash browns, ham, turkey, pot roast, roast beef (super Amazing), Corn beef hash (thee best), and a chocolate banana crepe! wow I have never had a crepe before and I have to say I don't know what I was doing with my life before this!! To drink just good plain apple juice which was super good maybe cuz they sprinkled it with crack! JK! but everything was awesome and the service was just as equally great! The wait was a little long so we paid the extra $10 per person to skip the line to the express pass, and it was well worth it! The best buffet by far, we also tried the Spice Market at the Planet Hollywood and we were not impressed at all either with the food selection, taste/quality or the service!
3	Line here moves relatively fast, they got something for everyone, and the trick is to come for the lunch price and stay for dinner :)
4	This review is for breakfast and dinner.  They had stellar prime rib hash and stewed breakfast fruits.  Also very good and fresh real corned beef hash.   The coffee at breakfast was quite good too.Dinner is good, but not as good as the breakfast.  Like the gourmet cheeses, fresh bread and french influence.  There is a good variety.Get the 24 hour buffet pass to do this, you won't be disappointed.
1	Sixty Seven Dollars?! For TWO buffets?!" Unfortunately that was what my buddy and I said on our way in...and on our way out of this disappointment of Vegas buffets. The wait was easily 30min so when we were given the hefty total before being seated we had some hope that our pallets would be much happier than our wallets. Alas...we were left wanting. La Village Buffet had a pretty ample selection of items from the standard crab legs and prime rib...to some "regional" offerings such as lamb and cheese plates. But even the items I wouldn't say were "bad" were lacking. Items that should have carried the buffet just dropped dead. The crab legs tasted and felt like they had been there all day (the meat did not come out in chucks, yet fell apart)...and the prime rib was almost painful to eat...tasting as though someone needed to leave for break while it was cooking so they just put it out a bit early.Save you money peoples. For less mulla you can head over to Mirage and have food that is ten times as good...or spend a little more of that black jack loot and head over to the Belagio.
1	I too do not understand what all the hype is about. We went for a weekday breakfast and I would not go back. The line moved quickly. The interior is totally kitschy and what you would expect. We tried:Banana and Nutella Crepe: Crepe was doughy and not authentic (surprise-surprise), banana filling was cold.Bagel with Lox: No cream cheese or sliced tomatoes available, bagel was hard, salmon was good with just goat cheese, capers, tomatoes (from salad bar) and red onion alone. Mushroom Omelet. More scrambled than omelet and overcookedEggs Benedict: Took one look and walked away... gloppy looking mess.Fresh fruit was greatCoffee was goodOrange juice was great (how can you screw up oj?)Sausage was flavorful and juicy... but again cold! I guess if we're paying for breakfast we expect it to be better than I can make at home. We mostly took a few bites of our selection and left it alone. I wish we would have skipped the buffet and just picked up oatmeal at Starbucks... it was that bad. The waitress was good and very busy. She forgot to bring us coffee cups but that was easily fixed.
4	I visit here everytime i come to Vegas, good food
4	I highly recommend this place for breakfast. Of course breakfast is the only time I've ever been here. I'm not sure why they sat me as far as possible from everything since I was by myself. I had to walk past 6 empty two sweater table for the hour I was there. But that aside, make sure you do not skip the crepe bar!  And bring a buck with you. Those guys deserve a tip! ;) I got the #2 crepe which was full of berries drizzled with raspberry syrup. Outstanding. Not too sweet. Just sweet enough. I would defiantly go back!
2	Pros: Great prime ribUnlimited Mimosas includedCons:**Waited 1hr 20 minutes in line to get in**Server Joyce was completely inattentive and didn't stop by NOT ONE SINGLE TIME on her own to check in on us & offer refills **breakfast items were cold**crab legs tasted fishey & no drawn butter was available**stopped serving crab legs about halfway through buffet hours**bathrooms not tidy
4	Every time we passed this place there was always a line, which could be a good thing. In Vegas, we always make time for the buffet because we're gluttons and love a little bit of everything. Why order one breakfast item when you can have 20?The hotel gave us a coupon book for different activities and restauants. There was a coupon f or $5.00 off per person for the buffet so we decided we had to go for breakfast, despite the line. While in line, I pulled up their Yelp review. Reviews were mixed, most good, some bad. We just went for it and boy was it worth it.With your total rewards card you receive $3.00 then we had the coupon for $5.00 more off which came to a total of $23.00 for two. Not too bad at a Vegas buffet. We were seated pretty quickly after paying then it was on.There were variations of eggs, french toast, bacon, pancakes and even crepes (which we totally worth the wait, by the way). There weren't as many desserts as I hoped but the ones they had were definitely quality.I will certainly be back again. Worth every penny!
5	Excellent all around.  Inspired French-themed buffet choices with everything a tasty delight.  From the faux Parisian street cafe decor to the savory cheeses & meats, saucy ratatouille and crispy-skinned creme brulee.  Deservedly popular, and an included venue for the "Buffet of Buffets," so anticipate a wait.  Come hungry and ooh-la-la!
4	I know there's better buffets in Las Vegas but this is still one of my favorites namely because they have pesto pasta.  I don't know what it is about pesto, it's a sauce that really doesn't have too much flavor but whenever I see it on a menu I've just got to have it.  And this is the one buffet that always has it.  I always get a big plateful of it and pair it up with some sausage and broiled veggies.  Ok, that's the other thing this place always does right, the vegetables.  I know it's really simple, but they must use some really fresh eggplant and peppers (the green, orange, red, and yellow types) because they always taste so good.  The rest of the foods here are pretty good but nothing stands out.  They have what appears to be a decent seafood section but their crabs are always eh, very small and thin crab legs with stringy meat.  Dessert selection is decent and the decor is very cute.  You feel like you're sitting outside of a sweet French cafe.
4	What is better than a little brunch after partying the night before? A champagne brunch in  what seems like is the middle of the village from Beauty and the Beast!!!You have to wait in line so take that into account when you make plans to go. My bf and I got there at 9:15am and got seated exactly at 10am. The champagne brunch starts at 10, so we were totally fine with that. At first, the service seemed to be a little off because they were so busy, but then we had this wonderful lady who was extremely attentive. I'm bummed I can't remember her name, but she was awesome. She actually just gave us a cold bottle of champagne, since we kept on getting refills, and she continued to refill our flutes after. The food quality and selection was wonderful..they have fresh crepes, omelets, a sushi chef (basic stuff), crab legs (nom nom nom) and creme brulee (my favorite dessert) that they were actually caramelizing in from of you.At about 30 bucks a person, it's well worth it. Just be prepared to wait.
4	This place is really good for the price. They have a good selection but definitely not a five star. I really enjoyed their prime rib and shrimp, even though I wish I didn't have to peel it myself. They also have a crepe station which is nice. They don't have nutella but they have a good selection of other sides.
5	This review is for their BRUNCH.Last Saturday the wife and I decided to have brunch here, as this was our hotel and I'd heard that the brunch was really good. I feared a really long line since we arrived after 11, but was surprised to find a somewhat long, but fast moving line. We couldn't have been in it for anymore than 20-30 minutes max. Once we got in and seated, it was on. There was unlimited champagne included, a made to order crepe station, an omelet station, lots of desserts, lots of breakfast foods, and lots of not breakfast foods. Our favorites were the smoked salmon, prime rib, peel & eat shrimp, eggs benedict, and the steak. Our service was fine, the decor/setup of the place was kinda cool, and we enjoyed a leisurely meal to begin our day. We went to the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo the next day(I have a review on that as well), and we both agree that it is hard to choose which is better between the 2. Come here and I doubt you will be disappointed.
4	Came here for dinner.  It's not a great variety here.  It's a smaller buffet.  There wasn't much of a wait on a Sunday night.  Took about 15 minutes.  Everyone else in line seemed to be on the buffet of buffet deal.  We were on a comp from a hotel deal.  Only two things are great.  Their prime rib and creme brulee.  I had 4 pieces of prime rib.  Even the center part,which is usually less flavorful and dry, is just as good as the coveted outside portion.  They didn't cut slices but pieces for you.  At first, I was a bit offended to receive a chunk of prime rib rather than a slice.  Then i realized it didn't matter which part you got.  I got 4 of their creme brulees.  I don't know which other buffets have them so I kept going back.  They also have lamb if you like that.  Their tri tip was a bit dry.  I like their cookies as well.I know some other people have mentioned the mac and cheese but that wasn't very good.
4	Went here for brunch/lunch.  The prime rib was pretty good, crab legs passable. Everything else standard buffet fare. Macaroons also quite delecious. Pretty good overall for the price. Great dessert selection.
4	Awesome brunch! This is my go to place for buffet brunch in Vegas. Unlimited champagne and mimosas for the alchies! Nice buzz every time when eating brunch here, love it.I think this buffet deserves better ratings. I have been here many times and never had a problem with service, I find all the waitress to be friendly and very down to earth. The ambiance is quite dark and it may not be fancy schmancy looking like the Wynn buffet but I love the food.My favorite is the prime rib, very tender and tasty. The made to order crepes stuffed with bananas or fruits of your choice are another highlight. Yes, they also have unlimited amounts of long crab legs as I know a certain population only go to these buffets for the crabs. You know who you are!Can't go wrong with the brunch buffet here especially with unlimited champagne and mimosas.
4	i chose to come here for breakfast using my buffet of buffets. the line at 10am was quite long but moved relatively fast. they have great selection of food for breakfast because it was a brunch (weekends only). the crepe station is definitely worth lining up for. i only wish i was hungrier than usual to stuff my face. i managed to eat shrimp cocktail for breakfast(peeled!), some crab legs(i wonder if these were left over from the previous night's dinner...), and lots of small other things. definitely a delicious choice! i only wish i had time for dinner here! service was nonexistent. but once we got our drinks they were never refilled!!
3	First stop on our 24-hour Buffet of Buffets tour. My friends and I arrived famished, only to find a long line winding around the restaurant. Luckily, we were in Vegas, where, at some price, anything can happen. For us, the $10 "Cut the Line" Express Pass was worth bringing us two hours closer to a never-ending spread of cute "French" delights.Le Village was my favorite of the buffets we sampled while we were in Vegas. There was enough of a themed selection to play up the novelty of eating in a French village at dusk. Food was okay. The crepes were fantastic, if only because there aren't many places besides creperies and IHOP where you can sample 8 different types of sweet and savory--my favorite was the Monkey, which is a banana, chocolate and almond filling. Le Village also offers other regional French specialties, including haricots verts and bouilliabase. These were clearly a "made for the masses" offering.Overall, a fun experience with okay food.
4	Pros : Prime rib was seasoned and perfectly cooked, the selection was really diverse.  Liked the duck as well. They also have a crepes area where you can order a savory or sweet crepe or make your own. I got the mushroom and spinach, that was very good! Their dessert bar was great, with lemon tarts, chocolate shell tarts, cheesecake, and many pies and cookies. We had a group of 5 and got seated in a really quaint quiet room so that was nice. Our server also brought over a plate of crab legs which was a nice gesture. Cons: Nothing much about this place except the lack of seafood. And the fish I ate had bones in it which I ended up swallowing since it wasn't expected.
5	I bought the Buffet of Buffets pass and went here for breakfast.  All I can say is wow - what a meal!I went here for breakfast on a Monday, and the line was about 30 minutes long.First of all, if you dine here for breakfast, you must try the crepes.  I got a berry-filled crepe with raspberry coulis and it was one of the top crepes I've had.  The only issue with this station is that they really stick to their menu and don't customize your choice.  So you're pretty much out of luck if you wanted to add some bananas to your berry crepe.There was a vast selection of breakfast food - they had every type of breakfast potato, including hash browns, roasted, scalloped and shredded - and it didn't taste like cheap buffet food.Next time I'm in Vegas, I am definitely returning here for breakfast.
2	Where to begin?  How about at the beginning.  The organization of the seating/line situation is abhorrent.  It took half an hour for about 25 people to be processed and seated.  There are two problems with solutions right there.  One: Suggest to customers buying the 24 hour dining pass (great deal, by the way) that for an upcharge they can bypass the line so as to avoid the lengthier processing line since all they have to do is get scanned.  You make money, we don't get stressed before a meal.  This is a "french" restaurant, right?  The stress should be in the back of the house.Two: Maybe have, oh, I don't know, a HOSTESS to seat and a SERVER to fill drinks?  Or have a soda/juice/coffee station for customers to get themselves beverages?  If you trust people to carry their own plates, why not trust them to carry their own cups?  Having a willy-nilly seating arrangement with three or four ladies to seat guests and immediately get them their drinks makes absolutely no sense at all.  One more thing in terms of running this shin-dig, and this is not a problem with just Le Village Buffet alone.  WHY.  WHY is breakfast served until 11?  WHY?  This is Vegas, right?  Famous for late nights and breakfast buffets.  So, tell me why you encourage guests to stay up late gambling and then do not reward them for their hard work by allowing them to sleep and get up for a lovely brunch?  Obviously, you should not stop serving breakfast, but perhaps should begin to add lunch items around noon and phase out things like omelets and bacon around that time too.  11 is unacceptable.  What is this, prison?And another thing!  What is going ON back there?  With a French theme, I would expect some technically superior food.  Come on, chief!  What are y'all DOing back there?  Southern style corned beef hash, biscuits with gravy, stale bread (bread, of all things!) limp, overcooked pasta, uninspired eggs benedict wherein someone lost control of their hot sauce holding hand, and finally, crepes that were far, FAR too thick.  Wait, also the desserts were badly executed.  Creme brulees were torched like nine hours ago and did not crunch but the custard was good. No finesse, no sense of intention or dedication or grace or communication.  I tasted confusion and lack of organization.  The complete opposite of what I expect from a true french cook.  The best thing there besides the salad bar was the quiche, and I suspect it came frozen out of a package.  Get. It. Together. Chief.  Seriously. And management.  Where is your business sense?  Really.
3	The BF and I went here for breakfast yesterday and it was just ok. The crepe station was good, the guys working back there were friendly, and the singe crepe was very good (Although it says it has nutella in it, but it most certainly does not....definitely just chocolate sauce, but still good). I also tried the chicken and asparagus crepe and it was alright, but it could be a bit more flavorful. The rest of the food was all pretty lackluster. The pastries were clearly packaged and the eggs were mediocre. I feel like most breakfast buffets are not very good or worth the money, luckily I got a check in special for 5$s off (note, you need to redeem at the total rewards counter in the casino), so I didn't feel totally ripped off. I would consider going back, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
2	The only thing Le Village has going is its convenient location. This place is sooooo tired you feel like you're dining in the geriatric wing. The servers are indifferent at best; the food is barely adequate; and the place is just a mess, which is just inexcusable. Filthy food trays and trays of dirty utensils are just left in aisles.  The only reason we are there is because the buffet came with our room package.  Otherwise, you"ll never catch me there again.
4	Very yummy! I'm not usually a fan of buffets, but I really liked this place :)Came here with a very large group (an ENTIRE Filipino family), and we were seated in less than 10 minutes. This was thanks to my boyfriend's very slick grandma who used her tactics and talked to the manager into seating us immediately (despite the extremely long line). How she does it, no one will ever know... but that woman is gifted.Anyway, this place is really good! There are many healthy options, so you don't feel too gluttonous in this city of sin. Lots of fresh foods like salads, seafoods, and meats. My personal favorite was the crepe bar! I would come here again!
4	I remember coming here as a kid years ago and being just absolutely amazed by all that this place has to offer. Come back here much older and much less jaded by Vegas, I can think clearly about how this place actually is.The GOOD:+ I really like how the stations are organized into little french houses/store fronts. It makes the whole atmosphere really cute and unique. I felt like I was getting crepe at a crepe shop and bread at a bread shop.+ Food definitely tasted good. They had a large variety of foods for breakfast and lunch. + Breakfast: make your own crepe station, waffles, biscuits and gravy, eggs benedict, ham, sausage, bacon, eggs, potatoes, hash brown, and all sorts of dessert items. Lots of things to try and taste.+ Lunch: asparagus, prime rib, chicken, 3 different pastas, fish, and all sorts of other stuff. The BAD:+ The line was easily a 2 hour wait any time around breakfast... I felt like there was no good time to go. (Tip: You can pay an extra $10 to cut the line at any time, per person. Also if you have anything above a Diamond card, you can cut the line for free.)+  Breakfast is served till 11 AM... and they will switch on you with NO warning. I was in line for the crepes and was looking forward to getting the rest of my breakfast items but when I got out of line, EVERYTHING was changed from breakfast to lunch.... everything basically just disappeared without warning. After paying to cut the line... I was VERY disappointed by the fact that I couldn't actually eat breakfast...I think if you plan properly (ie. check times and plan ahead to wait in line or pay to cut), you will enjoy the food here. It's tough getting in, but after that, you can plenty of chances to enjoy a delicious buffet.
4	5 buffets in 36 hours... Vegas baby! Yeah!3rd of 5 I wasn't hungry in the morning, but great breakfast here!Crepes were excellent here. This is what stands out to me the most.You can easily get lost in here.  My mother in law was getting food and got lost looking for the table.  I had to find her and bring her back.Good service!Restrooms were a bit far from the food area, but they were still within its bounds which was fine.  Not easy to change a diaper in those restrooms though.Don't forget to bring single dollars to tip the crepes maker and waitress.
3	Arrived around 11 AM on a Friday, and luckily the line wasn't too long. The wait was around 15-20 minutes before we were seated at a table and asked what we wanted to drink. There's the typical food that most buffets have - salad, cheeses, Mexican, dessert, prime ribs, lots and lots of bread, etc. But what caught my eye, and my friends' eyes, was the crepes station! There were eight different crepes to choose from, with the maximum of two at a time. Four were savory and four were sweet. I opted for the sweeter crepes, and ordered the berries one and the apples one. The line took about half an hour before I finally got my crepe. After the long line, I'd have to say that the crepes were okay, but not great. The skin was a little too thick for my liking. For my berries crepe, I thought the berries were too sour. I liked the apple one a lot, but there was too much caramel sauce drizzled on top for me to enjoy. I was also able to try La Caprese (the pesto one), the chicken one, the ham one, and the banana and nutella one. Basically everything offered that morning. The best would have to be the ham one. The mozzarella cheese and pesto - the mozzarella balls didn't melt so it was pretty blehh. There's a jar to tip the chef for their hard work, as there is only one pasty chef making the crepes at a time. As for the other food, I heard the prime rib was not too good here compared to Rio. The mushrooms were pretty tasty, but a little too much sauce. I didn't see any crab legs that the other reviewers commented upon, but I suppose there was a good variety. The best best part of the buffet was the creme brulee. Oh my goodness, it was so melt in your mouth sweet and delicious, and the top perfectly burnt. Must try! There wasn't any more fruit tarts when we went, but we asked one of the pastry chefs who had some hidden! He said he only gave them to the people who asked since there were so limited left. They were pretty good, too :) The atmosphere is really cool - live birds flying around your head and the whole place looking like a french cafe or village. You can sit "inside" or "outside" - very delightful. I do wish that there was more than one bathroom! A buffet with only one toilet? There was a super long line in the ladies room. We thought there was complimentary mimosa, but I guess that didn't come with the BoB's. Overall, not too bad. I did like it more than Rio, but then again, I didn't eat too much.
3	24 hour buffet run...It sounded like a good idea on paper....But after one meal, I vow to never eat again...lolThe theme of this place is so adorable and cute.  We went for brunch so we could get a taste of lunch and breakfast.  I didn't think anything was really a standout, most buffet food tastes the same to me.  I stood in line at the crepe station for a long ass time...it wasn't really worth it to me, but it was still pretty good.  There was so many different eggs and breakfast meat/sausage type things, I always wonder why white folk come in hoards for breakfast...it always tastes the same to me...
2	OMG, how far this place has fallen. Last time I ate here about 5 yrs ago it was great. Now it sucks. Had to wait about 40 min to get in. I give it two stars mostly for the deserts. The flan and creme brulee were great.
3	You can't leave Vegas without stopping by at least one buffet! I like the dinner buffet much better, but the champagne brunch wasn't too bad. I ordered a mimosa and was happy they thought I was only 18. :P My favorites were the desserts. The crepes and creme brulee were awesome. Our waiter also gave us chocolate covered strawberries. :)
4	I've never been super engaged in the Las Vegas buffet wars. I'm generally a light eater, so the concept of paying a premium for the opportunity to stuff food in my face by the pound and praise this All-American testament to culinary excess is not anything I aspire to, and yet, I can't separate it from the Vegas experience. Fortunately, Le Village Buffet is an honest cut above, perhaps the only buffet I've had in Vegas that didn't taste like a buffet, with the heat lamps and the rubbery food and pink slime and such. Choices are abundant, food is fresh, and really, it doesn't sit, since everyone is attacking all stations at all times. It's a pain in the ass getting in, and while a lot of recent reviews about declining quality give me pause, I will likely return next time I'm in LV to check for myself. Champagne makes it all go down better.
1	Very huge disapointment . After many years I decided to give LE VILLAGE BUFFETanother chance because I didn't like it the first time I am a local I eat out alot and I always have guests from out of town but I will never take my guests to Paris Food sucks, very dirty ,and rude employees.I wanted to drink hot tea the tea pot was so dirty that I didn't touch it and you want to hear something funny I was asked if I want tea cup also what was the waitress thinkinging I was going to drink the hot tea in the palm of my hand? So I am very disapointed and Ihave to say shame on the managment for keeping such a awful place.And a huge F-for you.
5	My first Las Vegas buffet!  Came here last year with two of my girl friends. We got in line and were immediately greeted by a manager who took us out of the line and brought us through a  roped off special entrance to the left. We payed for the buffet, he sat us immediately, snapped to the waiter and ordered us champagne on the house. The food was really good and the waiters were amazing. I am going back with my husband next week. I'm sure the service will be a bit different but I am still looking forward to the food!
5	This was my gf and my first stop on our Buffet of Buffets tour of 24 hour dining through Total Rewards. It is such a great deal if you have never tried it. The champagne brunch on Sunday was just terrific as you can have unlimited champagne or mimosa's. The buffet here has a lot of variety and you can get crepes here made to order plus other cooking stations around for made to order items. The prime rib and tri-tip steak was just heavenly good, tender and moist. Yumm!!!This is one of my favorites in term of ambience because it looks like a small village inside the buffet. Very cozy if you can get a table right in the middle of where the buffet area is at and the lighting is lower there.The service was great as they always refilled our glass with champagne glasses over and over a few times without asking even though they were very busy.
5	Five star earned due to the food varieties & quality. We came a little around 1130am & it was only 10-15 minutes' wait time...not bad on a Sunday morning (: The village decor is so welcoming; not to mention the friendly & efficient service! We were immediately served with mimosas which got refilled many times without asking ;) I like their crepes station that serves both sweet & non-sweet types...I got nutella with banana & it was huge & delish (: My bf had blueberries & he liked it too! He also told me they got great dessert & excellent prime ribs!!! P.S. You gotta come here if you are in LV next time & so will I for the encore!!!
4	I'm not a big buffet eater, but you have to do at least one while in Vegas. Thank goodness we read the reviews and completely agree with the assessment of the majority of other yelpers in 2012. We went for lunch and it was really good. We had 2 helping of prime rib because it was just that good. We tried a slew items including the "fish & chips" and were pleasantly surprised that everything was seasoned and spiced accordingly. My fear in going to buffets is that most of the food is bland, but this was really good and we would definitely go there again. Have FUN and Happy Eating!!
4	great food and selection for dinner. great service.all around wonderful buffet.would return.
5	Since we stay at the Paris hotel often when we come to las vegas we always enjoy our dinning at LE Village Buffet doesn't matter if its breakfast ,lunch or even dinner . The food is simply amazing here  and so many different choices of foods its crazy . I just love the  decor is so welcoming and i love the waitress and waiters outfits you just feel like Ur in Paris and not to mention the friendly  service everyone provides. The main thing is get there early for breakfast because if you come after 10 the line is pretty long which is no fun at all but its well worth the wait that's for sure. They sell beer,wine and cocktails but there mimosas are just Delicious .Can't say enough great things about this place yes its a buffet but its a pretty good one and everything has such great taste and lots of flavor  and is so fresh which is a good thing .  Like i said every time I'm in Vegas i eat here its just that good
5	I visit this place for a dinner on every trip to Vegas.Food quality and diversity is outstanding. Over the years, it has changed a bit to a little less french and a little more continental - I wish they would revert to more french.Everything we tried was expertly cooked and delicious.
2	Being a buffet, you gotta compare this to other vegas buffets, and I must say I was expecting better after reading some of the reviews.  First impression were the staff who work there to seat you, and none of them looked like they wanted to be there or help you - not a smile, thank you, nary a pleasantry from anyone.  The one drink waiter who did seem amiable was not very attentive in clearing our used plates and checking in on the drinks that we ordered.  But, being a buffet, you can get away with that if the food is special, and I must say, the only thing special here are the crepes. Yes- they are good, and if you've got a hankering, then this is probably the buffet for you. But the rest of the food was, at best, average, and at worst, cold and bland.  Soups were way over-salted, an admission made by the servers themselves! Salad selections were sparse, meats were mediocre. Desserts were tasty.  Maybe it was an off-day for the buffet, but all I can say overall is that I've definitely have had better buffets in Vegas.
4	Even if you hate buffets, just try this place.If you're using the Buffet of Buffets offer that is basically unlimited buffets at all the Harrah's properties for 24 hours for $45, you'll want to come back again and again.Most buffets have a hunk of dry roast beef they try to pass off as Prime Rib, this one will actually serve steak. Ice cream? No, these guys do gelato.Speaking of dessert, how about a freshly made crepe made-to-order?I would be giving this place five stars but the particular waiter we had was very inattentive and it was difficult to get our drinks filled.
3	We came at 3:15 pm on a Sunday, which was interesting because they change their menu from brunch to dinner. (Coincidentally, they charged us the dinner rate at $30 instead of $18). Brunch, by the way, included all-you-can-drink champagne. Yay!The food was good. In fact, it was above average for a buffet. But here's the thing - where is the French food? As far as I could tell, here is what they had that might qualify - French Onion Soup, Eggs Benedict, Crepes, and Creme Brulee. Yes, its true that (I've always been told), cooking French food takes time, care and a wee bit of TLC, but come on - there's got to be a few dishes that they could add to the menu. If space is an issue, try taking away the sushi area (which is the one areas of the buffet that is kind of sad, actually). Not all buffets need to be all things to all people, but should have a certain consistency.  Help us out Vegas - if all the buffets verge on being the same - why don't I just go to the least expensive one?Anyways, I agree with the other yelpers - they definitely could have a better system for drinks. Nevertheless, our server was nice and attentive. No complaints there. Overall, 3.5 stars. Not bad, not great. Just buffet.
4	i can't complain too much, we got to grub here for free. i love that it's not superly huge that you feel like you're eating in a cafeteria. the little french village ambiance is gorgeous! and the lines, like many other buffets in LV, are long, but definitely worth it.like many other buffets, you have a variety of stations from asian to Mediterranean, breakfast, to italian.  my favorite is definitely the made to order crepe station! the only thing it really lacks is seafood. but i guess if you really want seafood you'd just go to Rio. my overall experience here is good, the food was delicious. the one thing that made me chuckle was that the busboy accidently cleaned our table thinking we left already (even though we still had our jackets hanging on the chairs). when we got back to our table, everything was cleared off, including our drinks. i didn't get upset becuz this was actually the second time it happened on this same trip but at a different buffet.
4	Being a Francophile, my expectations were quite high for a buffet that touts a culinary regional tour of France. Highlights first! CREPE STATION is a made to order delight. My fave is the banana nutella crepe. The CASSOULET is very scrumptious along with the CHOUCROUTE. As for the desserts not really sure what those taste like. I was thoroughly stuffed. Service is great btw!!! Well worth it and I would come back again!!!
3	The variety here is pretty small, you'll make your rounds in less than 5 minutes.  Their grill has steak, chicken, and sausages, roasted peppers and that's pretty much it.A lot of sausages.Quiche Lorraine, wasn't very good, but their crepes were tasty!Other meats were a bit dry and encrusted in salt.Just not a very good variety.Soups are generally not very good either, I don't like "Cream of Leek." Mashed potatoes with gravy and regular sauteed veggies are spot on! Delicious!Desserts are good and tasty, but I don't like how they're displayed out in the open and little kids touch them and cough/sneeze on them, gross.  It's also a bit dark in there, has a weird atmosphere, kind of cold and dim, it's just weird.  Someone's watching you.Heh, It's an okay buffet that's better than The Spice Market, but I prefer Rio's Carnival Buffet, where most food items are edible.Be cautious, happy eating!
2	I came here November 2011 during Thanksgiving Week. The line was insanely long, but the experience was made better by a girl who was with her boyfriend and was constantly checking me out :-)The food choices are not very vast, they are small by comparison to other buffets.  The lighting is quite dim overall in the main area.The one thing I enjoyed was the Mac and Brie Cheese with bits of bacon. Other than that I didn't really enjoy their offerings.Because I stuffed myself with the mac and cheese, I didn't leave room for dessert, but seeing as how they are a french place, you would think the offerings would be more exotic.
4	Le Village was the first buffet we went to on the 'buffet of buffets' package. Overall, the food is really great, considering its buffet nature, and the made-to-order stations are awesome.Particularly we liked the crepe station as well as the meat carving stations. We liked it so much, we ended up having a breakfast, a lunch and a dinner at the place, which was coincidentally right below our hotel room. Other choice things to look out for include,- Breakfast omelet -- tasty and made fresh. We did not even experience a long line at the station!- Braised duck. Does more need to be said?- Meat carving stations. Delicious, and the meat tastes as if brined so it has a wonderfully salty flavor throughout. - Pastas. Surprisingly, these are not a waste of time.We thought the atmosphere, while completely fake, was charming. The restaurant is in a kind of perpetual dusk, no matter the time of day. The staff were always very nice and helpful.
5	Super yummy and the crepes are amazing!
3	One of the better buffets in the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour deal in VegasI don't MIND coming here but it's not the most amazing place ever.(+) A huge variety of foods and they were all quite yummy!(+) Freshly made crepes mmmm... P:(+) GET THE PRIME RIBBBB!(-) 17% gratuity for 8+ people
4	This place hit the spot!  Paying with cash gets you a cheaper deal and I would highly suggest springing the extra mula for unlimited alcoholic drinks.  There's just something about sipping on mimosas that will make your day start off right!The food was plentiful and had a lot of selections.  My faves were the:prime ribasparagusfancy mac and cheesescrambled eggsbaconcrepes!!!cheese cakeWe also had a super hard working and friendly server that made meal even better! Overall, its quite charming with its decorations and has great food.  You're sure to find something you'll enjoy.
4	I love coming to eat here for either Sat or Sunday brunch buffet!
3	The only thing that impresses with this buffet is the speediness of moving thru the line.  There are alot of food options however I am never impressed with the taste or the quality.  We eat here since it was part of the buffet pass for 24 hours.  I would prefer the food at the RIO buffet.
4	For breakfast and lunch the custom made crepes and omletts are great. Lots of selection including lamb. The deserts include cremebulee and they are all delicious.
1	Disgusting and over priced, at least for breakfast.  The line is long, the food is bland, and options are limited.  You are much better off going to IHop
4	This place is definitely the best buffet of all the 6 buffet of buffets.  I had a great waitress and I love the atmosphere of the restaurant.  Their crepes were delicious and please make sure to try their prime rib too.  Their creme brulee and mac & cheese were good too!  They are probably not the best buffet in Las Vegas but definitely the best for the 24hr buffet deal.
3	Located in the Paris Hotel, Le Village features a cute setting, like a French provincial village. It features some delicious French specialties like a very good cassoulet and a passable cioppino. There are several decent vegetable options too.  But the meats and seafood, including a carving station and grilled lamb are nearly all overcooked and barely edible.Aside from a decent crepe station, desserts, which in a French setting COULD be dramatic, are largely the same sorts you would find at any other buffet on the Strip. Bland mousses and even blander custards. If you are drinking alcohol, the unlimited drink option is a good deal. Service was fairly spotty on our visit with long waits between drink refills and even longer waits for utensils. Not a bad choice overall, but I am still waiting to find the outstanding buffet in Las Vegas.
1	I went in for dinner last night. Spending $31 per person and receiving bad service was a waste of money. Our waitress ignored us for the majority of our meal. Keep in mind, this is a buffet where everything is mostly self served. All the wait staff has to do ,is take our drink order and clear the plates. The entire crew were too busy socializing rather than doing their jobs. For anyone working in any service industry, please realize that most of your money comes from tips. Tips from tourist that chose to eat at your establishment. When the service is bad, it's unfortunate for people who are on vacation and want to have a good time. Needless to say, I will never return to this.
2	The first time I came here was in 2003. It wasn't that great then, and they've succeeded in keeping it that way. The food isn't that great, but what's really bad is the staff. Unattentive, and slow; especially the hosts and servers. We almost finished our first plate and the drink server never came around. I had to flag down one of their hostesses to get someone to bring us a beverage. When I think about the cost for dinner, I should have stuck to my (still) favorite buffet on the Las Vegas strip - The Spice Market Buffet in Aladdin, oops, I mean Planet Hollywood!Save yourself the trouble and avoid Le Village Buffet.
4	We started at the Paris buffet for the buffet of buffet deal. Standing in line at this place was a little bit like standing in line at Disneyland. They had really good food... their pesto pasta was amazing, their ravioli was amazing, and they even had some buji food too like duck l'orange... YUMMY! Probably my favorite buffet we went to.
4	PRIME RIB was sooo on point that my friends and i keep going back for more!!! Flan was delicious.... Creme Brulee wasn't all that great that day and the Crepe wasn't either :(Lines will be long so come early!! I love buffets in Vegas! oink oink!
5	We ate here for lunch, so it was perfect!  The price was decent, and the food was so so good.  Brie and bacon macaroni and cheese, lots of tasty buttery garlicy French foods, the typical prime rib and such.  We both had DELICIOUS crepes that were stuffed with delicious things like candied walnuts and nutella.  The setting is pretty wonderful as well - it's like eating inside a Disney movie!
4	Buffets are my kryptonite.  This one is my fave one out of the Buffet-of-Buffets offerings.When you get endless visits to pile on the dishes you enjoy, it equates to non-stop eating... so I'm not even going to attempt listing what they offer except a few of the memorable dishes here:* custom-crepe station - hello both savory and sweet concoctions!* Andouille sausage - spicy and fatty!* grilled chicken thighs - super tender!* fresh crab legs platter - ahh, endless too.  SO good!* mimosas - just what the brunch ordered!* cheesecake bites - heavy cream-cheese goodness!  not enough?  go back for 2nds or 3rds...Service was friendly and our drinks never remained empty...for long.
4	My new favorite LV buffet! What's up with buffets not having bathrooms on the premises? I mean, I get it from a practicality standpoint - keep em full - but isn't there a health code violation somewhere in there? I don't get it.Dessert bar looked amazing but I didn't get to try anything because a) it was 1pm and I am not an orca and b) there was nothing glutard-friendly aside from some ice creams and other dairy-esque things that I was not brave enough to try before my drive back to LA.Better than most. If you've got time and some options, choose this one. I think I ate like 12 whole sweet potatoes FTW.
5	This buffet was the bomb!! An AMAZING selection of food laid out in a little village atmosphere, the service is on the spot and the food, not only extensive...but so tasty!!Stuffed myself silly on breakfast here! Just had to try almost one of everything! Not a huge buffet fan, but found myself really wishing we went back the next day instead of trying out the Wynn. Homemade crepes - yummy!! Super Great egg concoctions...did I mention I love Brie and Feta?! Spinach too...you bet?!Nothing was sitting out for too long - probably too crowded for that! And rightfully so, everything was delicious! Can't say I had one bad thing here. Even smuggled out a few cookies to snack on during our adventures that day - couldn't eat them there at the buffet, was too stuffed!!Really loved my dinning experience here!!
3	I used to really like this buffet, and I still like the atmosphere here, but it's been going downhill.The last 2 years I went, the food wasn't quite as good as it used to be.  There are still items that were good.  The prime rib wasn't overcooked, which is great and rare for buffets.  The frozen vanilla custard was delicious.The made to order crepes are just okay.  They batter isn't that great, and resembles pancake batter.  I like my crepes a little crispier.  Also, I don't like how they put the nutella on the outside, and they put way too much chocolate sauce, so you can't even taste the nutella.This place specializes in French cuisine, so when you think French, you think amazing breads and cheeses, right?  The bread is always old tasting and lackluster.  It is so disappointing.As for the crabs-- they are typical fair, except they are cold and hard to open.I prefer warm crab claws.I prefer this place for breakfast over dinner and lunch.  The selection it pretty good for breakfast.  The Eggs Benedict was way over cooked, and the English Muffin underneath was soggy.  I had one of the muffins, and it was the most disgusting muffing I've ever had.  But they had some good items including a nice assortments of eggs, an omelet station, savory crepes made to order, etc...  Also, the service here used to be great, but I swear, the waitresses are ignoring me on purpose, now.  When they come by the first time, I just got water.  Then, around dessert time, I wanted coffee.  It took me 10 mins. to flag the waitress down.  It was like I was at an Asian cafe back home in LA.  The atmosphere is still great, but service is not what it used to be.
2	I went there for lunch using the buffet of buffets pass.  The wait to enter was long, so I was hoping that the food will be worth the wait.  Unfortunately, it wasn't.  People seem to be raving about the crepes, but I found them to not be that great.  I had better.  The service (drinks) was slow.  The overall quality of the food is mediocre at best.  The only good thing was the "saumon fume".   As for the quality and selection of their "French" food, they were not anything special.  The buffet at the Wynn has better French selection.
5	I could eat crepes in this little parisian village all day long! My two favorite things about this buffet:  the crepe station and the atmosphere.I've eaten here twice, but the first time was on the last day of my bachelorette party years ago and I don't remember a whole lot... ;)  This last time we went during our Buffet of Buffets experience (which I promise I'll review...soon) and I'd have to say it was my favorite buffet of them all.We went for breakfast and I'm not a big breakfast person, so they had already started off at a disadvantage through no fault of their own!  We stood in line for a good while but once we got close to being seated and I could take in the full effect of the ambiance, my mood transformed!  How cute IS this place?!  The food is set up at little village "cafes" where you can choose from the selection of food.  We were seated in a little "cottage" off to the side...adorable.The food selection ranged from your basic breakfast buffet foods...eggs, bacon, sausage, french toast, various types of potatoes etc.  There was an omelette bar, which I did not take advantage of because I was quite happy with my egg, mushroom, tomato scramble.  After my first plate of "typical" breakfast choices, I headed straight for the crepe station.  The line was substantial (I started to worry our server would clear our table thinking we'd left), but I was entertained by watching the crepes being made (now that's a talent I'd like to master!).  There are many choices...to make it easy to order, they organized the menu into savory (hearty meal-like) and sweet (more dessert-like).  You can also customize your order if none of the menu items tickle your fancy.  I went with the fruity berry one and my husband went with the banana and Nutella one.  Both were magnificently delicious!  Pretty too!  I'll have to search for some pics that I took...Our service was decent.  Honestly, I was up and down so much getting food I didn't really have much need for anything.  She kept my juice replenished and I have no complaints.The real experience was just the summation of it all.  It's hard to put my finger on it...but I felt a certain degree of "special" from this place...and that's why it gets the 5 stars from me.
5	5 stars for breakfast! Get the Buffet of Buffets for $45 each all you can eat for 24hrs at 6 hotels and Le Village is one of the places you can indulge like a queen at. They have a crepe and omelette station so you can choose what you want which is a WIN WIN right away coz its all you can eat minus the line. (it gets pretty long so go there first). Service is sweet and the interior is cute, makes you feel like you're in Paris. Great variety of foods to choose from so take your time and enjoy!
4	So we hit Le Village twice while we were there. We had the Buffet of Buffets deal, so we could go as many times as we wanted in 24 hours. We went for dinner, then breakfast the next day. Overall, it was an awesome buffet. The food was very fresh for a buffet and they had a wide array of foods. I was especially hapy with their selection of grilled meats, impressive. they had all of the goodies you'd want in a buffet with a French theme. I think the breakfast was a tad better than the dinner, but overall it was very good.
3	Out of the Buffets offered in the Buffets of Buffets that I've tried, this is the best one. It has a generous variety of food. The section we ate at was cute since it was going for the french theme and there were even pigeons on the balconies over our head! BUT to be fair and judging this place against the other LV buffets like THE BUFFET and WICKED SPOON... This place was just OKAY. Crepes line was long but the portion was huge so I shared with my friend. We had to tell the crepe man to go easy on the chocolate and powdered sugar though because he had a really heavy hand with other diners. For brunch on a weekend, the line was quick but the service to get new utensils or refills on water was slow and lukewarm.
4	This is always a solid brunch/breakfast buffet choice.  If you get there early enough, you can avoid the long lines and still get great breakfast and lunch options.  The brunch also includes champagne/mimosas if you like, and is $27 per person.The food is great, with different sections for different items.  I especially enjoyed the different choices of meats and the egg concoctions, and the desserts were delicious.  Our waitress was a bit slow about asking us if we'd like drink refills, and I wasn't crazy about the OJ,  but other than that, service was overall fine. They have carved meats and a crepe station, which expectedly, were really popular. Of course, everything is French themed, which was cute as well.
3	I am biased: I hate buffets. I have been to this one 3 times. And it is always OK. I do like the mashed potatoes here a lot though. Everything else is rather standard for the buffet. Of course, there is a long typical Vegas buffet line wait to get seated. The service is good. The restaurant itself looks nice. The hotel is ok, not much to do there. But give this buffet at least one try. They have a lot of good desserts (eclairs).
5	Food:  Top notch.  Crepes.  Crepes.   Crepes.  I would have literally eaten every single option they offered if I could have.  My sister in law and I loved them!  Quite extensive and yummy food too.  Awesome. Service.  Sucked.  Not even a single drink refill.  Plates would stack up as we sat there.  Not in the least bit impressed.  Good thing the food was so good I didn't care.  We were with a party of 8 so they tried to charge us up front an automatic 17% tip, I hate it when places do that.  Feel like it's an excuse for them to provide crappy service, which was indeed the case.Price: $23.99 for a weekend brunch which I thought was ok.  You get $5 off with a rewards card.Go and enjoy!!!!!
2	Perhaps being inside the Paris Hotel, the namesake of my favourite city in the world, had me going in with sky-high expectations because DAMN! was I let down... I went this past weekend (7.14) around lunch time and let me say I've had better buffets at Hometown! First off the wait to get in was 30-40minutes. Now I understand it's a Saturday and at prime lunching hour so I was fine with that but then to not even be fed a decent meal, well that really grinds my gears! Despite it's creative and Disneyland-esque atmosphere the place was a mess. It had a musty weird smell to it and everything just looked so drab. It was really quite disappointing. Thank god we had a fantastic and friendly server. We got up and did the obligatory "tour" before actually grabbing dishes and at the end I was like "is that it?!" For such a hyped up place the selection was lacking. There were several stations with flys buzzing around, children putting their fingers in the food and some items looked like they'd been sitting there all day. And the dessert section, HA!!, what desserts..?! It takes up a large area of the central dining area and so you'd think it'd be packed of different decadent desserts but it was all the same - stuffed with awful brownies, sad looking apple pie, itty bitty bland cookies and the ubiquitous frozen yogurt machines. As for the food, well, it wasn't terrible. I had a pretty good crepe and decent roasted potatoes, brussel sprouts and french fries but I mean that's all ordinary food. This place had very little FRENCH about it. I think they need to rethink their branding or expect more customers with unmet expectations....
3	$15.99 with players card for breakfast. My review is tainted as I do not like onions in any form. Everything not sweet seemed to have onions in it. Most of the food was either really bland or over seasoned. There was not any middle of the road.If I went again I would just visit the crepe station over and over again. They were excellent and the people making them seemed to actually care.Over priced buffet in my opinion overall.
2	Came here on a Friday morning, and my bf and I weren't impressed. The buffet has a pretty good selection for breakfast, but the quality was subpar. A lot of things seemed old, such as the smoked salmon that did not look fresh at all.They served a variety of sausages--some were good and some were bad. I liked the Andouille sausage. I think this place is known for its crepe station, but after the food I ate, I wasn't in the mood to wait in line for a crepe. I saw an omelette station too.There was a line when we got there around 9am, but it moved fairly fast.
3	Ate breakfast here on my last day in Vegas, and I have to say I didn't really love the place. It had similar quality food to the MGM Grand buffet that we had eaten breakfast at the day before, but less selection. They have a crepe station thingy here, but I didn't think those were all that great, so what is the damn point. Really, I would only be giving it two stars, except for one thing: You can pay an extra $10 per person and get right to the front of the line! Yessir, capitalism at its finest, and I was more then happy to pony up the extra dough at noon on a Sunday when every breakfast buffet in town had an hour wait to get it. So, if you're a stepper, and you're starving, and all the buffets in town are packed, this is a good place. If you're a mooch, and the line is long, keep walking.
4	The Paris Le Village buffet is (so far) my favorite buffet in Vegas.  We went for dinner a couple of nights ago and I enjoyed the set up, with different food stations serving items from different regions.  The dishes are not usually true to those regions, and all the offerings under "Burgundy" were American, but I give them kudos for at least trying.The setting in a medieval French village under a fake sky might remind you of Disneyland, but it was still charming.As for the food, there were some hits and misses, as you would expect, but in general it was quite good.  Try the grilled meats at the Savoie station - just don't make the mistake of putting any sauces on them (though you may need some salt).  The stuffed sole at the Normandy station was also excellent, with a very nice crust.  Don't miss the scalloped potatoes or caramelized onions in the Alsace station either.  If you want to go for something non-French, the prime rib is also very good.As for desserts, you definitely shouldn't miss the make-to-order crepes in the Brittany section, but bear in mind that the strawberries, in particular, are very sweet so make sure to add something more plain to compensate for that.  At the dessert station go for the chocolate mousse pastry and see if you can fin al ittle cookie sandwich with some creamy filling - it's out of this world.My one gripe with this buffet is that many dishes were mislabeled or not labeled at all - I like to know exactly what I'm eating, even when it seems self-evident.If you are fond of mimosas and cheap champagne (which I am), the $14 unlimited drink deal is pretty good - but stay away from the wines.Our server wasn't cheerful the night we went, but I guess she was efficient enough.
1	If it was up to me, I would give this place a 1/2 star (that's being generous). Gordon Ramsey should have this place in his show and have a field day with it! Sanitation problems (would you like some roaches in your omellets?), dark and dingy dining area and food was substandard for the price that you pay. The staff even cleared out our table half way through brunch and left us with no table. Watch out Mr. Ramsey, some creepy crawlers from next door might find their way to your kitchen.Just turn around and go straight to the Bellagio, guaranteed you'll have a great buffet experience in Vegas.
2	I was excited to go the buffet at Paris after having been there years ago and having fond memories of food, food, and more food.The place turned out to be sad.  The food had been sitting under heat lamps for too long, the waitress took too long to bring us drinks, the desserts were picked through and melting, and even the waitresses looked sad dressed like wenches.  The only redeeming piece was the crepe maker.Next time, I'm going back to the Bellagio or Rio.  No more Le Village.
2	Definitely not worth the $30 price tag for dinner if you're an outsider (I think Paris hotel guests pay $5 less).  There were no particular items which stood out and/or wowed except the crepes.If only my buddy and I weren't buzzed and starving we would've went elsewhere.
1	Ugh.  The cost is high, the line is long, the crepes were underdone and borderline disgusting.  It is dark and dreary inside, the wait staff have too many tables to attend to well at a time and everything appeared to either come out of a bag or be microwaved, with the exception of the crepes - which are prepared in front of you with ingredients that were pre-cooked long ago.  Pass on this one, go to the Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan.
2	Not worth the wait or the price. I didn't find many dishes of value and a few things were quite salty.
2	Food was very disappointing and not good. Definitely will not come back here. Would suggest trying somewhere else. For 31$ a person...even my freakin 10 yr old, omg, really. Only thing i liked was crepe station and the desserts. A 140 bucks for family of four is ridiculous plus variety and selection sucked. Go to Rio...trust me...
4	I love this place. It has everything that a buffet should offer. The food quality is pretty good and they prepare most of the food at the counter, so its pretty fresh. One thing that you should keep in mind is the waiting time.
4	Eating breakfast in a small French village has such a great ring into it. We ate a Sunday brunch. Mamosa just kept flowing which is really nice. Typical buffet, but I did like their prime rib, eggs benedict, and creme burlee. Just a good place to enjoy food and chat with friends.
1	Just spent the week at Paris la's Vegas. We had dinner at their buffet everything. I tried was luke warm and over cooked and very very very bland.  I would skip this one for sure!
4	I'm a sucker for buffets, but when you have unlimited mimosas and champagne, that's an automatic 4 stars for me.  To me, the real standouts here would be the eggs benedict and the brie mac and cheese.  For a buffet, I was shocked on how perfect the egg was on my benedict, and how crispy the muffin remained.  It was just amaing.  The sauce was decent, nothing earth shattering, but the benedict as a whole was well balanced and good. The brie mac and cheese was amazing!  It was creamy, not too salty, and the sides were nice and charred.  The macaroni shells itself had a nice firmness, so it wasn't this mushy pile of mess.  I couldn't help but get seconds and thirds.Overall, the buffet was decent.  The prime rib was actually good, and if you wanted a more crispier cut after your first serving of medium slice, they can grill your slice for you.If you do the buffet of buffets deal for $49.99, make sure you save this place for your champagne brunch.  What a value!
3	Compare to all the other buffets in Vegas, I'd say that this one is ok. Not great, just all right. Since I ate here day and night, I will contrast between the two and tell you which one is a better time.Day: In my opinion, eating at Le Village for breakfast is what you should be aiming for. They're breakfast crepes, and omelets are wonderfully scrumptious! I always choose to eat here in the morning because, 1) the line isn't long (probably a 30 minute wait), and 2) the atmosphere in here is great. Oh gosh, I just love their french toast with maple syrup! Yum. The waffles at this buffet are more soft and moist than all the others in Vegas. In addition, I believe Le Village Buffet serves the best creme brulee in the strip. When you eat it in the morning, it's just like heaven. What a perfect way to start the day!Night: I am not such a big fan of this buffet at night. I'd rather go to Rio, Planet Hollywood or Caesar's Palace to eat. At this buffet, it lacks the savory the food needs, not to mention that there is not a lot of choices for food here. The way they makes their crepes at night is too...overwhelming. I remembered waiting 15 mins in the line and I got a gigantic stuffed crepe that didn't even taste good. I feel like I was eating a blob of dough with chocolate and over-sweeten fruits. That really ruined my appetite. I don't think I ever ate their crepes at night again after that. It;s nowhere near their morning crepes. I guess it all depends on the person who makes them***Note: Go here for the creme brulee! Always!
5	As a proud glutton, here's a tip: come for breakfast at 10:15am and you can stay for lunch.When I go on a trip, first and foremost, I need to know that my tummy is going to be taken care of. I don't give a hoot about scenery, I just want to eat. Maybe it's the Filipino in me, but I need breakfast, snack, lunck, snack, dinner and then after maybe something to tide me over till bedtime. Buffet of Buffets takes care of that and this is our first stop. We line up around 10am and it takes about 20 mins to get to the cashier. It's like Disneyland: you wait in line and just when you think you're inside, there's another snake-y line. So we pay and since I have a Total Rewards Card, a) it's cheaper by like $5 and b) I don't get to wear a bracelet all the live long day... you see this, you think it's for a club... no, it's for a buffet... ahahaaa...Our server is such a nice guy. So happy, so full of life... totally happy to help us get enough coffee, juice, pop (for me) and water... it must have been because he was off soon because another woman who looked really unhappy became our server. Still brought us our stuff, but I felt bad asking her.I started out with bacon and sausage... I picked up some macaron-y looking things and some yogurt with mangoes. Obviously, the meat was good. Who can screw up bacon? The macaron-y things were wonderful. I got two to start in case they were weird, but they were really crispy chewy with lemon curd in the middle. The mangoes were under ripe. My only complaint. Why can't I find good mango anywhere? Before breakfast was over, I ran and made sure I got a biscuit with country gravy. You wanna do this right? Get a bowl from the yogurt area to allow for maximum gravy on your biscuit without getting it all over your macarons.Then, the change over! Like a mad dash, all the people in the restaurant clamor to get in line. I have a slice of prime rib. Wow. The meat is cooked to my liking- rare and it's so tender. To go with that, I get some of the truffle mac and cheese. I wish I had gotten more. It's so creamy and the flavour is dare I say, AMAZING! So good. I've googled how to make it, but I don't even want to attempt in case I sully the good memory of this mac and cheese. Of course, I grab more desserts, but this time it's two creme brulees. The sugar was crackly... sometimes at buffets, the tops can be sub-par, but not here. Yum!
3	This is a buffet that if you come to vegas and don't eat there you didn't miss much. The selection just wasn't that great compared to some of the others. I went there for lunch and maybe two items from the buffet stood out everything else was ok or not that great. With that being said the carrot cake is amazing. It is some of the best i've ever had, so soft and moist with just a great flavor.
3	I've been to better. The best part are the crab legs. Other than that, its like any other buffet. A little pricey to be like any other buffet. For the price, go to wicked spoons at cosmo.
3	Pros: connected to Ballys (where we stayed) , huge variety of food, & crepe station . Cons : same food repeated every day I was kind of disappointed that this was the only buffet I tried while in Vegas. Only because my group and I were extremely hung over and hungry. We were not willing to walk to other buffets in the blazing hot sun! Let alone take a taxi , and wait in the long buffet lines . Food was ok, but I wish they changed it up a bit . Service was consistent , very polite workers. I loved the crepe station! It's a must try while there!
4	I know enough about French cuisine and the many regions and preparation methods (classical French vs, country French), which is why I can say that for a buffet, this place is good. yes the line was long but just the desserts are worth it. I was most impressed with the Alsatian (Alsace-Lorraine region) selections, well they did taste like Gallicized German food. But the red sauerkraut (cabbage) they used was just right for me. The sauteed pearl onions filled the air with a delightful fragrance. For $31 this was a good interpretation of French cuisine. Finally, the desserts and apple pie are just phenomenal.
4	Still number two behind the Bellagio but well worth the visit. French specialties w/ standard higher end strip fare.  For an extra ten bucks you can bypass the line.
2	Nothing special. I waited in a line for 30 mins for the much appraised crepes line. I got two different kinds the berry one and the banana nutella one. I enjoyed the nutella one more than the berry only because the berry one was way too sweet. We made it in at the end of breakfast going into lunch so we got to eat both! eggs were bad............bacon was ok........i liked some of the pastas they had for lunch...the scallopped potatoes were ok...the desserts were not too shabby, some chic was trying to call this cheesecake square..."flan"...i wanted to say something but i held my breath and walked away shaking my head.this buffet was ok. the line was long too. if youre in vegas there are always lines at every buffet...My husband and I were not impressed with any of the buffets, reading reviews online and recommendations....did not help. maybe we have high expectations? Don't know, if we knew we would of just spent all that money on a high end place and gotten one meal...at least we would of known it was ONE excellent one.
4	There are a number of things that I like about this buffet.  They served hummus and pita bread which just so happens to be one of my comfort foods.  They also have a pretty broad selection of food.  Not to mention that their crepe station totally won me over.  Can't go wrong with a freshly made crepe.  Their downside? A few of their items tasted stale (there's this thing that looks like a cracker sheet.. ugh.  and some of their cakes are really really dry.)  But there really is no need for dry cakes when you have crepes. :]
4	This is my favorite breakfast buffett in vegas. It has everything you can ever desire (for breakfast), i love the pastries, the different stations with a wide variety of food.It is worth the price!Wake up early and get there before the line is huge.
4	Go there between 10:30-11am. They will let you in with a breakfast price yet you enjoy a lunch menu.Obviously a waiting line was looooong we waited about 40-50 min but it wasn't bad.They have a variety of foods and desserts we loved the quality. (Try their steak, it was melting in my mouth)You might wanna share your crape with your friend. I tried banana crape, it was good but I could only ate a half of them.
3	So much better than I remembered.  Last time we had breakfast here and it was horrible.  This time, we tried dinner. 24 hour buffet pass for $40...how can you go wrong?  Except after the 2nd buffet, you really want to run straight towards a toilet or grab a roll of Tums.  Seriously, no one should be eating more than one buffet within 24 hours.  Heck with it all though, this is Vegas...the city of losing wages and eating just as much as you freakin can!This was our 3rd buffet on our pass...a dinner stop. Highlights:  CREPES!!!  Yummy delicious crepes...I take em plain with some powdered sugar. Really nice lady making em...the crepes were perfectly chewy...I had 2.  Ugh. Seafood.  A combination of crab, shrimp, mussels, and clams.  Not the greatest...but good enough.Dessert.  Probably the biggest display out of all the buffets we went to.  They're your usual buffet fare...nothing was really wow but enough to satisfy your dessert craving. The duck was also pretty good...it was made with orange sauce and rice pilaf.  Can't think of any of the other standouts as the buffets mostly had the same things.  Pretty decent buffet...#3 on our buffet list.
2	Booradly. Highly disappointing. This review is a bit late as we went here about 6 months ago. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive but the food was mediocre and the variety was lacking.
5	Only in Vegas you will have a chance be in Paris courtyard right in the US. I love love the way they set up the buffet, you really feel like you are eating outdoor. I came here to use my 24hr buffet and I am glad I pick this place. I got here around 6pm and it took around 30mins for me to be seated. Service is awesome, plenty of good food. They split the snow crab into half so you dont really need to break anything. Isnt it the second awesome thing. My stomach is literately growling thinking about the food I had while I am writing this review. Urghhh  the juicy beef , you can add some corn or garlic bread. Finish my meal with creme brulee, some cakes and cookie. It was the best out of 6 buffets on the list.
5	Best Prime Rib of any of the Las Vegas buffets!  A++We stumbled on this buffet while celebrating my birthday last month.  We've been go to Vegas for 20+ years but never to the Paris hotel.  A few things really stood out:- Nice atmosphere  (not your regular florescent buffet lighting).- Every buffet has prime rib BUT this was the best I've had in Vegas. It was perfectly seasoned with salt & spices and so, so, TENDER.   - Great selection of food, organized around french regions.- The Seafood bar is not as large as the Rio but the clams & mussels were superb. - Even the ice cream machine is A+ with Vanilla Custard (not just plain vanilla soft serve).To my surprise - this was 4-5 star food served in at a buffet.  Woohoo.**note** If you do the Buffet PassParis - A+Rio - B+ (great selection whether regular or seafood)Cesar's - closed for remodeling (Major bummer!!)Imperial Palace - DFlamingo - CBally's - Haven't tried
4	If you applied for the total rewards member cardyou can enjoy 24 hours enjoy 6 buffet paris, rio, flamingo, harrah's , planet hollywood and anther one which I have fogotten with 44.99,and 55 after-tax, the best is Le Village Buffet in Paris, various food, fish is yummy, king crab legs is plenty, the dessert  is a piece of art, I just enjoyed the foods here. no doubt, I have been there twice.
3	The scenery is very enjoyable, make sure they seat you "outside" for a better ambiance during your meal. I would say the star of this buffet is the Crepe station, with a choice of savoury and sweet, we tried several types and they were all very good. The price is not too bad compared to other buffets in the area and the wait not as long either. I would only come here again for the crepes and prime rib though.TIPS:Sign up for the Total Rewards program at the Paris hotel prior and you can get a discount on your buffet price per person/member. If you are not an american citizen make sure you have your passport as they take no other form of ID.
3	Went to the dinner buffet here tonight.  It is $30.99 plus tax per person.  We were in line for about 30 minutes.  Had a great table under a "tree."  As you may have noticed we're in town for a few nights and had been to the Bellagio a few nights ago but weren't too impressed with the food although the Bellagio service was great.  Tonight, the food at Le Village was great but the service was a little shabby.  Never mind, we were more interested in the food.  The prime rib was good but so were the grilled chicken and the bouillabaisse (who knew) as were many other things in between.  For dessert there were nice little cakes and sweets and, of course, the crepes.  I ordered the number 2 and asked the lady to put a little of the brandied apples in as well.  Then she drizzled some raspberry sauce on top and I added some chocolate.  Oh my, it was the biggest crepe I ever had but it was sooooo good - could not finish it though.  We had gone for Sunday brunch a while back and liked that too.  The best thing for this place is to get Bellagio to provide the service for the Le Village food.  That would be a 5-star Vegas buffet.
4	Crepes!Le Village Buffet at The Paris does indeed boast a rustic French village vibe, albeit filtered through a faux-Disneyland style, but the decor is charmingly kitschy enough. The spread is more than decent, good enough to make up for the long lines that form on weekends. Prices are a bit steep as well, but with their emphasis on French delicacies like pastries, cheeses, and made to order Crepes, which beats Omelets any day (though you can also order those at the Omelet station).A fun yet slightly pricey buffet that's one of the most popular in Las Vegas for good reasons.
2	Fortunately for me, I was saved by another buffet down the strip on my day pass (only reason I'm giving it 2 stars), but this was easily the worst tasting food I had on my vacation.  I did my best to sample everything at the buffet but honestly, everything besides their fresh shrimp and cocktail/horseradish sauce, was not very appetizing and the food did not taste as good as it looked.  The atmosphere was fine, but that's not why we're really here, are we?  The meats were dry, vegetables weren't seasoned well, food wasn't served very warm... maybe they staffed the C-team on a Monday?
5	Maybe i just haven't been to Enough Buffets *OK that was sarcasm, I'm a fat girl who loves food* Anyways,  I got the 45 buck deal and I ate 5 meals here (yes I used the 24 hours worth of Buffets to just go here. The food amazing, Truffle Mac n Cheese, Amazing Neo-French Cuisine, Delish Crepes. Just plain yummy!
5	We visited more buffets than I'd like to admit during our last vacation. This one was definitely the best and surprisingly a lot of fun for two Americans who lived in France once upon a time. The food was very good and a wonderful variety. We even got the sample some regional styles we hadn't tried before. The crepe bar was my favorite part and the decor was a lot of fun.
4	Little pricey, but selection of meat was good.  Creeps were excellent and desert selection was great.
5	I don't know what these prev. people are complaining about, they must be miserable cause this is the best buffet I've had in Vegas. Using French cooking techniques is certainly the way to go when choosing a place to eat. They have cooking down to a science & do it best! Service has always been great, yes there is generally a wait but thats because it's sooooo damn good! Get there early, eat to your hearts content & enjoy every morsel of it! Dessert will blow your mind there. Can't wait to go back when I'm back in Vegas next week!
4	Always a solid buffet.  Maybe not as large a selection as some of the others like the Carnival world, but everythign they put out is always great and it doesnt matter what meal you are there for, SAVE ROOM FOR A CREPE, they're just plain awesome.
3	Paris, Las Vegas. I've been to many vegas buffets, ranging from MGM, Bally's, and Rio, to Luxor Bellagio, Mirage, and many other ones in between.I went to the IHeartRadio Music Festival in Vegas on Friday with my girlfriend. We were staying at the LVH, but I decided to take her to the Le Village in Paris Hotel and Casino for the lunch buffet. We went around 1:30 on a Friday afternoon, and there was no wait, which was nice. The setting was nice and dark for a romantic mood. The service there was really good. Had my drinks ready when they were out and plates cleared out when new ones came in.  Now onto the food itself. They had Prime Rib for lunch, which is kind of rare since most of the lunch buffets I've been to don't really have prime rib, they have roast beef. I tried their prime rib, which is probably my go to dish when I go to buffet's in vegas. It was pretty good. The rareness is perfect, I like my prime rib as rare as possible, but of course it has to be hot haha.. Not cold uncooked prime rib. There were lots of food choices, On my first plate I tried some clam, quiche (taste meh), mashed potatoes, pasta, and some cocktailed shrimp (however the shell isn't peeled which sucks..ended up just eating the shell and feet, at least they clean the poop out). Prime rib was the only thing that stood out. Everything else was kind of filler. I went back again for a second prime rib and this time they gave me a thick a$$ slice, it was probably equivalent to 3-4 prime rib slices they normally give. After eating that, I was just stuffed. Couldn't eat anything else but dessert. Dessert:My girlfriend ordered a banana, nutella, hazelnut crepe. It was presented very nice, but tasted ok. The nutella didn't really taste like nutella, and the nutella was like a syrup was like put on top not inside of the crepe. Only the banana was inside. They also put a huge load of whipped cream...which was too much. Next, my girlfriend and I went on a dessert sampler..We got like one of each dessert available. We started off with creme brulee, brownies, some sort of raspberry cake, some cookies, flan and more. We basically only took a bite of each except for creme brulee... The creme brulee was really good, We went on and grabbed 2 more haha. That's the only dessert worth getting in my opinion. Overall,I give it 3 stars, there are other choices that I feel taste better such as Bellagio, MGM and the buffet in the Mirage. It cost 21.99 a person, and personally did not feel like it was worth it. Go try something else. Maybe it taste better at night. For now I'll tick with Bellagio.
4	Wonderful crepe station, exceptional savory mushroom crepes.The prime rib was very good and other dishes were average to above-average.The scenery is relaxing if you don't get stuck in one of the side rooms.The wait service was very slow at bringing drinks and clearing used dishes.Overall worth a visit if you like crepes.
3	Was kind of disappointing.  The selection wasn't that high and the quality wasn't spectacular for a Vegas buffet.  The sushi was terrible. Honestly, it was the same as the buffets in Atlantic City--and everyone knows Atlantic City is like the uglier, neglected stepsister of Vegas.However, mini creme brulee desserts saved it, along with the extremely adorable decor.
3	Overall, the Paris Buffet is a solid choice.  I was fairly pleased.  I will say, however, that of the 4 buffets I visited in Vegas on my last trip (Wynn, Bellagio, Aria being the other 3), it was 4th in line.  It just didn't stack up to the last 2 times I was there.  It's slipped a bit, to be honest.The food choices overall was a bit skimpy compared to other lunch buffets (Aria, Mandalay, etc).  It's the only buffet I visited where it was pretty easy to get through all the choices and fill up your plate twice (or even once).  The choices just weren't as appealing.The food also didn't appear that fresh (sorta warmed over looking).  That was odd to me b/c we were there on as Monday and fairly early (about 1130) so it's not like more than a few dozen ppl had even been through it.  The food was a bit "dry" in spots.  The positives were that overall, you'll leave full and fairly satisfied with the meat and other selections.  My wife really liked the sole very much! Also, the decor if you sit "outside", is pretty cool (although the painted "cloud" ceilings is overdone between Venetian, Planet Hollywood and the Paris- everyone does it and it's starting to look 90's, hokey and dated).  The crepe station I didn't take advantage of (just not my thing), although if you are into that, it did look pretty apealing.A solid B-.  Down from an A- a few years ago.  Don't let it slip any further, Paris, or you'll be equal to a run of the mill (Treasure Island) type buffet.
2	Very dirty place.The bussers stroll around with big smelly carts with food leftovers between the tables to collect dirty dishes. DISGUSTING!! The food is mediocre at best.
3	Whats up with that darn line?? Jesus I was starving and couldn't understand why It would take 45 mins to get a table.  Beyond me but, once inside I ate I was happy, I loved the decor and the pretty things around while I ate. The food could have had more options not that amazing but, whatever I did have I was not disgusted. I loved the crepes station I guess from reading everyone's reviews that's what made me stay for the 45 min line. Its really fun how they made different crepes right in front of you. The Nutella crepes was AWESOMENESS in my stomach!
3	I know I look like a fat ass because my past few posts are all BUFFET reviews, but I did the whole buffet passport thing. Soooo worth it btw!!The best part of this buffet was that you got to make your own crepe. the end.
3	2nd time going in. Still a long line to get in.  I feel like the variety was lacking this time around. You forget that its all based on french cuisine. I liked the prime rib. the crepe station was toooo long that we didn't even bother.
5	Got the Buffet of Buffets pass a couple of weekends ago and started here with brunch. It was equally as awesome as the last time I went, and my dad and brothers agreed. Of all the buffet prime rib in Vegas, theirs may be the best. I had an end and my brother had another piece somewhere in the middle, and we both agreed it was juicy and well seasoned. The tri tip is also really good, as is the eggs benedict. We sat outside and got to people watch during our meal, which further enhanced this experience. The waitress also kept their champagne glasses full and was very attentive to us. We had a wonderful dining experience here, which my brother won't stop talking about, and I highly recommend this place. I've done brunch at the Bellagio and the Wicked Spoon, and Paris is every bit as good as theirs is.
2	My friend & I had breakfast here last week & I wasn't that impressed. I must say I'm not a fan of eggs, so I can't tell u how good those were. There is a large assortment of them, frm eggs benedict to regular scrambled & several in btwn. There is a crepe section, the selection is pre-set, sort of like ordering a combo at mcdonalds. U ask for a #7 & u get a mozzarella, pesto & tomato crepe, it was pretty good, but not great. They hv a good selection of various potatoes & pastries. The croissants were good, but I wasn't impressed . I have heard good things about it so I expected better. I was especially dissapointed in their restroom, yes there is only 1 women's restroom, not several stalls. It was not clean & the soap dispenser was broken. Really? Not something you'd expect to find at this hotel. Its way too expensive & not worth it. Save some $ & take a shuttle to the Orleans buffet, a huge array of good filling food at a cheap price, generally $7.95-$13.95 or so.
3	Variety is lacking....Vegas buffet. $32 on Sundays. Includes decent Wycliff champagne. We asked for the extra orange juice to make mimosasGreat small village decor. Americanized french food. Hearty meats for ya'll meat lovers. Very good crepes. The food is pretty rich. Potatoes Au Gratin was great.We prefer an overall healthier mixture of food though. Veg options were pretty low. Salad fixings were basic. I recommend the Belagio Buffet the best! $20 for lunch. Diverse food and elegant experience.
4	My boyfriend and I went here for breakfast after purchasing the 24-hour buffet pass.Pro's:1. unlimited mimosa's, =) -- Sunday's only I believe2. Crepe's are to die for - had both a sweet and a savory one3. delicious breakfast food and TONS of options!4. fun and silly atmosphere - kind of like Disneyland.... (but so is the hotel itself I guess)Con's;1. Not all food is breakfast food - lots of 'dinner' type options2. I have never seen the line NOT be long, and the wait takes awhile
4	EXCEPTIONAL BREAKFAST. Really really good. Tons of pastries, 'Merican food, fancy food, crepes, stuff... all very yummy and fresh. Bigger than many of the other casinos' buffets and prettier.We got the 5-buffets-for-24-hours deal, and managed to hit this one up for breakfast twice ;D go first 2 hrs or something after they open, then come back the next day right when they open. Of all the buffets we tried via this dealio (although Caesars was CLOSED FOR REMODELING grrrrr), this was my favorite.The Paris hotel has gotten a lot of things right - the atmosphere is awesome, the Sugar Factory is kickarse, and Le Village is tres bon. Ou est la bibliotheque? Je ne sais pas, mais je suis un saucisse! :D
4	Unfortunately as mentioned, there was a huge line up to get in here for breakfast but it is definitely worth the wait.  They do provide a $10pp VIP line-bypass as well which we opted for since we were wanting to go about our day rather than wait an hour in line. Overall the buffet was excellent with plenty of selection.  Most noteable would definitely by the brandy-apple crepe that I split with my wife.  They had an almost overwhelming selection of breakfast meats, including about 5-6 different types of sausage alone, with the andouille being my favourite.  Overall, a great meal for a reasonable price.  The service unfortunately is atrocious, which I wouldn't have expected, especially with "VIP" entrance.  We waited for 15 minutes before we actually had to walk up to a waitress to order our beverages.
1	Big disappointment.  Was seated in a broken down area of the buffet section by hostess.  Ceiling was peeling.  Quality of food was not as expected.  Very poor. Not worth it.  No bang for your buck.
1	I was sadly disappointed with this buffet. The line wait was over 20 minutes, and the cost per person was over $30. Typically this would be worth it EXCEPT, everything I'd gotten on my plate was either cold or lukewarm. And the eggs benedict was like something I'd expected to get at a place comparable to a Ryan's buffet chain. All of the labels were mixed up as well, so I couldn't tell what some of the food even was. The pastries were hard too, like they were brought out from the day before. I went there on an empty stomach and was starving, and even then the food was just disgusting. I expected much more from the Paris, and I won't ever be going back to their buffet.
4	This place is a really solid performer, over the years.(I've been a patron for probably 7 years) .  I'm conflicted with the four star, but let me try to explain why -It's hard to rate a buffet, you know, since they offer three different meals a day and also can have off days.  I'd have to say the breakfast is probably one of the best buffets on the strip, plenty of variety and the food is always a 4 star.  Lunch, again, fantastic selection, maybe lose a half star because there's nothing on the menu that really really shines, but then again, I don't expect a place to really knock me outta my shoes for lunch.  Le Village, for dinner however, I'd skip.  The selection is there again, but there are alot of other fantastic options on the strip for barely a few dollars more.
3	2.5 stars is more accurateI did not realize, or more likely remember, that there is a discount for slot members so we ended up paying an additional $3 dollars per person.  I started off with a bowl of fresh berries with strawberry yogurt and a sampling of different cheeses.  My next plate featured Lyonnaise potatoes, Andouille sausage, poached pear, a cheese and spinach omelet and a few strips of bacon.  As I was preparing to make one more pass, I realized the staff was making the switch over to lunch so I taste tasted a dish with mussels, shrimp cocktail and another with clams - none of which distinguished itself. I had better success with 2 slices of pie that were both light and delicious. This buffet may have gone down hill over the years, but it remains better than most.
4	We got 24hours pass (Buffet of Buffets) and we used it 5 times in 24 hours. Among those 5 times, we visited Le Village Buffet three times because it was much more better than the other buffets. The ambience is very nice. The food is good but not very special. We liked their breakfasts much more than dinner and lunch.
4	My group utilized the buffet of buffets wristband and did the line cutting with the $15 express thing they had.  We were seated quickly. I ordered three drinks: AJ, Choc milk, Coffee and I received it all with the addition of water.  One of the first places I attacked was crepe area. Fortunately the line was short. People making the crepes looked miserable. Then again, some of them come across customers like this one lady that held up the line because she forced the lady to remake her crepe because she supposedly put the wrong topping on her crepe". Everyone in line made sure that chick knew she was dumb. So after she got her crepe, the same lady made mine. I felt bad for how that lady was to her so I tipped her a dollar. She instantly put a smile on her face and I think she felt appreciated and treated me well also. This buffet had snow crabs and shrimp galore. It made me a happy gal as I love seafood! The rest is history, and I waddled my way out (not really, but you know that means I ate my money's worth). I was extremely satisfied with their buffet.
2	The bread pudding bar and the duck were very good.  The rest of the desserts, the crepes, and other options were slightly below what I'd get at the Golden Corral.  The service was well below average, with long wait times to get something to drink.  The price was $28 with our rewards club discount so I had reasonable expectations but I was dissapointed.  The setting was nice, like we were in a Disney version of a French village.
4	A dinner here is never second best...after all, miss, this is France. I sang this song in my head for the entire meal at Le Buffet. The ambience of this French themed buffet reminded me of Beauty and the Beast. Unlike most fluorescent lighted buffets, this buffet is beautifully decorated. It's like eating in a French village under a lovely clear blue sky. The food is good and a step above traditional buffet foods. The roast beef and prime rib were both wonderful. The crepe station is awesome! What could be better than a fresh made crepe?!? At $30 for dinner, it's a little pricey but what buffet in Vegas isn't anymore? Next time, I'll be sure to take advantage of the $45 all-you-can-eat in 24 hours deal, which included six buffets in the Harrah's family of casinos.
4	The only uniquely different buffet in Las Vegas.  Every other buffet in town is more or less the same thing.  Not here, if you want a unique buffet experience, this is the place.  You better like simple excellent French food, if not go to the 100 other crab leg & pizza buffets in town.
2	In the past, Paris had one of the best buffets before Wynn opened. Then, Paris decided to join other resorts...This was where everything fell apart. I would have given them about four stars when I was younger, but once buffet of buffets stringed along...they deserve two stars. The quality of food definitely dwindled down.First off, service here was excellent as always. Yes our waitress might not refill our apple juices very quickly, but I can't blame her for all the tables she had to deal with. I'm a reasonable person. =]Second, I went during breakfast...I only enjoyed eating the "build your own omelet" and crepe station (they rush you, so the crepe is a bit soggy...not like Bacchanal Buffet...patience). The crab legs didn't taste that good either...not fresh. The carving station only had prime rib, ham, and sausage...however there was no one to slice the meat...so everything became dry. The dishes that they displayed didn't look very appetizing...so I didn't even try it. (Didn't want to get sick).Lastly, I am sad to say that I wouldn't suggest coming here for breakfast. I haven't came here for awhile for dinner, but if I do...I'll update this...However, it may be awhile...I'm addicted to Bacchanal Buffet now =]Note: Unlimited beer, mimosas, and wine for $12.99
1	Hmmmm, not sure why this place is on some of the Vegas Best Buffets list as it was dreadfull.  We went for dinner and the line was pretty long about a 45 minute wait, so the food must be good right?  Well there were a few tasty items but overall the food wasnt very fresh or tasty.  Being in a hurry and exhausted after shopping we came back for lunch. OMG shocking the same food from dinner was there rotting away, the only thing I was brave enough to eat was caesar salad. The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!
4	This is a relative four. I am on the border between a three and four.  This buffet use to be one of the best in Las Vegas.  The Wynn group combined about 10 casino buffets including this one.  I was comp'd at two of the other buffets at Planet Hollywood and Harrah's.  The reason it is a relative four is that Planet Hollywood is comprable to Home Town Buffet or other local buffet and Harrah's was SOS inedible, if I wasn't comp'd (I was comp'd as part of deal, not by Harrah's) for this place I would have been pissed.So the four stars is that this buffet is still far above the rest, but no longer the best of the best.  The food went from great to good.
4	This buffet is what I'd call a typical Vegas buffet but with an upscale feel with average food. Le Village Buffet was designed as a 19th century French Village and features live birds flying around the buffet.Just looking around the buffet reminds me of the old Disney movie, Beauty and the Beast, where Belle in the beginning of the movie walks to a French Village and seeing Bonjour, Bonjour.The service here was excellent and the wait can take a while unless you are a high tier forTotal Rewards VIP. What I liked about this buffet is the design and setting of the buffet, food is okay but not great. Plus: +Buffet design+Crepe Station+Fresh Sliced Bacon in their meat station+Smoked Salmon +Great Service+Classic French UniformsCons:-Dessert Section-Limited Seating during dinner
2	There was a time - many years ago - when I really loved this place, and it was considered one of the best on the Strip.  Of course my taste has changed over the years (and the bar for buffets on the strip has been raised much much higher by places like Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan) but even so I think the overall quality of Le Village has really taken a dive.  Visually there's an amazing spread of food available including a lot of French dishes you'd never expect to see on a buffet, anywhere.  But flavors were really bland nearly across the board.The setting is still cool - in a kitschy, forced kind of way - but overall I don't think I'll go back here anytime soon.
1	Horrible food, they think French food is just about how much butter in it, such shame! all the food taste nothing but butter, even the "American stuffing" for Thanks Giving meals. Line for breakfast is over an hour, stupidly only put 1 cashier who responsible for collecting money or scan people buffet passes, then seat them as well, 1 single person doing this job for a line of about 100 or more people. It's worse than the line at disneyland on Thanks Giving. Seriously the worst of the worst food in Vegas is here, not even worth 2 dollars meal. everything is blah and soggy, shrimps weren't even peeled. Never again even for FREE!!!
5	We got the buffet of all buffets and this was the first buffet we stopped at. We came here for lunch. Had about a 30-45 minute wait, but it wasn't too bad. I loved the decor! Never been to Paris before, but this place would make me want to go. It's cute how they have little rooms for people to eat in instead of one huge dining space. We awesome had an awesome waitress Mimi. She kept the drinks coming and was always at our service. She even brought a birthday cake for my BF's bday and gave us Eiffle Tower chocolate pops.The food was good too! Good selection. Crepe bar which was really good. i had a lot of breakfast food which was really good. I kept going back for their smoked salmon. I tried a little bit of everything and had no complaints.Overall, I would come back. Such a cute place and the food is good!
3	Went here for BREAKFAST.  The wait was actually not that bad---got in line between 8-9 a.m. on a Saturday.  Noticed a huge line when we left at 10 a.m.I'm not sure what else I had or how it tasted, because I can only think of the Crepe that I ate.  The wait for the crepe was ridiculous!!!!  Only one person was making the crepes & finally a second person came out.  However, only one person was standing there for the most part.  These 2 people had to refill the ingredients & kept going back to kitchen for who knows what---there should be 3 people making crepes & a fourth one refilling stuff to get the line moving.  I think I waited longer for the crepe than I did outside.Anyhow, I didn't know what crepe to order, since I never had one.  I went with the "monkey," since I noticed everyone was ordering this.  This is one of the best things I have ever tasted in my life!!!!!!  My husband had to tell me to slow down & chew.  LOL  This crepe has bananas, with Nutella sauce, candied hazelnuts, and whipped cream!!!!!  I ate this after having eggs and who knows what else (can't remember).  The crepe served as dessert.  I wish I would have ate this first, because the line would have been shorter.  This MONKEY CREPE deserves FIVE STARS.All the other breakfast items are just o.k.& not worth the $20 something charge for breakfast.  We had the buffet of buffet pass, so that's why we went here.  Next time, I'm going to try to find a crepe place and skip the buffet.*My husband didn't even taste the crepe and said the other breakfast items were the best he has tasted for breakfast.  I still only give it 3 stars & 5 for the crepe.
1	WOW - this is definitely one of the WORST places to go to eat in Las Vegas. I used to hear about how great this buffet was and I just never got the chance to try it. Well, I finally did and wish I didn't! In fact, I wish I could put no stars because that's what this restaurant deserves!I am definitely a foodie and when I get to enjoy good food, I am a happy person. This last trip to Vegas, I got to enjoy many great buffets - Wicked Spoon (lunch and dinner), Bachannal Buffet and the Buffet @ the Wynn.Le Village's standard is worse than Hometown Buffet. Everything is laden with salt. Don't bother trying the seafood dishes either. Everything tasted frozen and old.  Even the breads were cold and stale. How can you mess that up?And as for presentation - it reminded me of the horrible buffet from the movie, "Vegas Vacation". Everything looked brown, saucy and yellow.And to top of our visit, we were sat in the section with the worst waiter. An older gentlemen who said "oh my god" as he came to our table. When I asked him for an ice tea, after he forgot the first time, he scolded me and cut me off with "okay, don't worry, i got it". And then never bringing me my ice tea - EVER. He disappeared after that. He didn't even take away our dirty plates. I had to take my plates and my guests plates over to the bus boy station, myself.TO SUM IT UP -- DON'T GO HERE! Everything from service to food deserves a big giant F!!!
4	I came here on 11/28 as part of the Buffet of Buffets special.  This was our favorite buffet.  We started here for breakfast and ended up coming back for dinner after a couple really bad other buffet attempts for lunch.  The food was good, not amazing. We were happy with it.
1	ew don't even bother. I always see a long line here too.only came here because we stayed at ballys and didn't want to migrate far for food.worst buffett ever.
1	Wow so terrible! What happened to to place!!?!?!?! Went for the dinner and everything was so bland or too salty! Also every meat in there was overcooked and dry!all the variety seems like they were just repeating but just a little different flavors was added. nothing special here. dont waste your time. go to the spice market in planet hollywood since its next to Paris thats if you are around there and dont want to go any further down.
5	Le Village is one of my 2 favorite buffets in Vegas!  Everything was delicious, my mouth is watering just thinking about it!  We loved it so much we ate here twice during a 4 day trip!
3	Came here on Sunday around 11pm, the line looks like it is very long, but it moves very fast.  We were in the buffet & seated at 12.  This was the last stop for my buffet of buffets pass. The service here is very slow. When we asked for a server, they would tell us that they would get our server, but our server never came.. so my friend ended up waiting a while to get his refill of drinks. They had iced opened crab legs, mussels, clams, cocktail shrimp at the seafood section.  I regret eating ice cold clams first thing in the morning because it made my tummy not feel very good. The meat selection here is pretty good, asides from the prime rib, turkey, and ham they also have lamb chops, and tri tip.  The tri tip steak was surprisingly tender! The eggs benedict here are really good!! I just wish they came out  more often because they disappeared pretty fast.  They also had an omelette station & crepe station here.  The crepes were really good, and even though the line looked really long, the guy made the crepes pretty fast. They did not have alot of selection at this buffet, the strawberries were kind of sour. They did not have watermelon either. The only dessert I liked was the creme brulee, caramel custard, and the vanilla custard/ice cream thing.  The rest of the desserts looked unappetizing.  I hate the lighting in this buffet, it is so dark and makes the restaurant look outdated. I would come here again for brunch because of the eggs benedict, crepes, and omelette station, other than that there is nothing really worth coming for.  I would definitely not pay the $30 or however much it costs for dinner.
2	I wanted to oh-la-la this place since its so charming inside.  Faux French chateau lined the walls with trees that looked like birds could fly out, sit on your finger and sing a lullybye with you.  However, all that Cinderella animation sing-a-long came crashing down when I started eating the breakfast buffet.Here's my bad experience list:1) coffee - wasn't strong enough and they served the cream in a plastic cup.  How tacky is that?2) After getting every egg dish out there, I needed my ketchup and hot sauce.  The server never looked our way, never checked on us, and was not able to see my waves of desperation.  Unfortunately, I swiped the bottles away from another table, after the couple left.  Sigh...3)  Every egg dish was bad.  Lox scrambled eggs tasted like rotten salmon fishy runny eggs.  Scrambled eggs was just mush.  Eggs Benedict was hard as heck and the hollandaise sauce was not flavorful.  Ham and cheese omlets - bleh again!4) Every potato dish was bad.  Hash browns was dry.  Square hash brown was super hard and super dry.  Sliced potato fries was just greasy.5) Corn beef hash - wow, this a big ol' greasy spoonOkay side:6) Bacon - I guess you can't really go wrong with this one7) Waffle and maple syrup - it was warm and the syrup was okayGood!:8) Sour dough toast with strawberry jamTo top things off, I was never able to get my server to provide me with water.  I was stuck drinking washed out coffee.  I had higher expectations from Paris and it failed me.
4	During our stay at Paris Hotel, before we went out to roam around the strip...we decided to have breakfast Le Village Buffet. We arrived early enough to avoid the lines that started to form shortly there after. And even then, the lines appeared to move quickly. The staff there were very attentive to it's patrons. We had heard from another guest the night before, that the omelette station was really good.  And they were absolutely right. In addition to the omelette's, they also had really good Eggs Benedict, and Crepes. Although my wife has a special request in regards to the making of her crepe, and the breakfast chef said they all come a certain way and did not deviate from the toppings and fillings of their crepes. That didn't set well with mommy! I addressed it with the managerial staff and our concerns were address and met. Other that that, everything was pretty good. My wife kept going back for their smoked salmon. I tried a little bit of everything from a variety of smoked sausages, Eggs Benedict , potatoes with sauteed sweet onions and had no complaints at all. The two kids were happy, and like I've said before....if mommy is happy, I am happy! Overall a very good breakfast. I am a fan!
1	Les Miserables! After waiting in line for about 30 minutes, we opted to pay an extra $15 each to skip to the front of the line. When we got inside, the place was practically empty- their way of wringing some extra money out of people for cheap, dry, warmed over food that tastes like it's been sitting around for weeks. Le scam!
2	I'm not a fan of buffets at all, but decided to join friends to Paris' buffet. Heard it was good for brunch, but we got there for lunch on a Friday. Before noon, the line was fairly long, but it went by pretty quickly. If you have a Total Rewards card, you get $1 off, which equals to about $20 a person. We were seated in the back, and our drink orders were taken. Sodas, juices, and coffee is unlimited. The buffet area does look very Disneyland-esque as others had mentioned. Selections varied from salads, meats, French inspired food, and of course, the crepe station. Was really dissapointed that there wasn't a vast array of cheeses and breads as I had expected, although towards the end of our stay, they did put out some cheeses, but they were very typical kinds. Most of their food was not flavorful, and choices were limited. My favorite was the ham and cheese quiche, but it was comparable to the frozen ones you can find at Costco. Saved room for the crepes, and they have about 4 sweet choices and 4 savory. The line is usually long and we waited about 20 minutes. Luckily you can choose up to 2, and they make it really quick. I seemed to have gotten the crepe maker that didn't really care as I could see him burning the crepes and not paying attention. My sweet crepe had candied walnuts, and my savory had spinach, mushrooms, etc. Can't remember all the ingredients, and he must've forgotten as instead of bechamel, he poured powdered sugar all over the top and had to make it all over again. Both were not memorable at all. Overall, we all agreed this place is whatevers, and wouldn't return.
4	I don't see what everybody is complaining about. The food here is great, they have a good theme, but, the service was a bit slow. Some of the meats were a little drier than I expected, but the prime rib was tasty. I have to recommend the crepes. The dessert crepes were excellent. Speaking of dessert, the ice cream was very high quality.All in all, it was the best buffet that I have gone to and it was very good, the service was lacking and they could work on some things. Four stars. Not the best food, but for a buffet it was great, price was right, but it wasn't perfect.
4	This review is for the buffet located in the Paris Hotel Casino, it can be pretty pricey to eat here since there are different prices for Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner and those prices are subject to change during holidays as well.I waited in line about 20 minutes for dinner and around 2 minutes for breakfast so please be aware the waiting times do vary.The food in my opinion for dinner is definitely top 5 for Vegas buffets, large selection of meats (Prime Rib, Roast, Sausages, Chicken, Pork, Duck, Lamb) fish (Shrimp, Crab legs, Mussels, Clams, salmon) and a variety of french dishes and pasta.  Please be aware the this place gets packed on weekends and holidays, so wait times for drinks etc. can be lengthy, the staff was very helpful and courteous during my meal.  For Breakfast they pretty much cover everything under the sun as well, it opens at 7am so if you get there around 8am, you should be okay.  There wasn't as large of a selection of fresh fruits as I would like for a breakfast buffet, but the rest of the items made up for it.  Definitely try a cut of bacon with your eggs, they have the normal type bacon, but where the prime rib cutting station is, they have a huge slab of bacon, freshly cut and thick.I would definitely recommend this buffet.
5	Best breakfast I had in Vegas! The decor is very cute, made to look like you're eating in a French village. Each station has the name of a neighborhood or village in France, but I think that's more for lunch/dinner than for breakfast.The made-to-order crepe station is definitely the thing you have to get. There are 8 crepe options, but you could probably get a custom one if you want. When I went, there was only one guy making crepes, so I stood in line for a good 10 or 15 minutes. Still worth it.Biscuits and gravy were also delicious, and the egg guy made my two eggs over medium perfectly. My husband said this buffet has the best smoked salmon he's ever eaten. Coffee was pretty decent, too.Go here for breakfast and you can't go wrong. We came using the Buffet of Buffet passes--definitely worth it!
1	Paid $29.99 for weekend brunch! Food was Mediocre. Crepe was bad. Selection was weak, not worth the $$.  Never coming back. Good thing we didn't have to wait in line.  Should have requested for a refund!
4	Let me start by saying I've only been to two dinner buffets in Vegas so far: Le Village and the Bellagio buffet. And I enjoy this place more than the Bellagio.The food was quite tasty, and I enjoyed everything I ate. I could easily give this place 5 stars except for the price ($35 on weekends). It's clearly to account for the more expensive items such as crab legs, which I don't really enjoy. If that's the reason you're going to a Vegas buffet, go to the Bellagio because they have more meaty and easier to eat crab legs.The decore, which I assume is to be similar to a Paris street, but it's a bit cheesy. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll probably suggest to my wife that we go back to the Village. Oh, and skip their desserts in favor of a crepe.
4	The dinner buffet was delicious.  It was a bit pricey at around $32.00 but everything was delicious from the prime rib to the split crab legs.  I agree with the others that the crepe station was outstanding.
1	Not only have I experienced better, but this buffet is a complete RIP OFF! Le Village Buffet should be filed under the RIP OFF Report and reported to the BBB for fraud! They call this French food? Where's the smell of butter, where are the homemade pastries, what's up with the peasant uniforms and why are they serving pita bread, but not one French fry is in sight. In short, this buffet lacks authenticity and bang for your buck. For the price head to Red Rock, Caesars or even the Cosmo.The line was about 100 suckers long at 9 p.m and they close at 10. When we finally got a table the food lacked freshness and the entire buffet seemed like it was closing. Tables were open all over the place, btw. For $33.50 a person I'd expect for them to at least turn up the damn lights; everything seemed covered in a haze and I wasn't even drunk. Only buffet I walked the length of and came up empty. It was mostly shellfish, but the carving station offered turkey breast and dry roast beef. The sides of Brie Mac and Cheese and Cavatapi Pasta were delicious, but who goes to a buffet for that? They had single servings of Beef Bourguignon (pot roast), which were good, but again where was the good stuff? The salad bar had a overly dressed Caesar salad that tasted as if they forgot to wash the lettuce.Lastly, the buffet lacked variety, they had sushi, but not one PIZZA? They offered cold apple pie, but no petit fours! Cheap yogurt out of a machine, but no freshly made ice cream? Bread rolls, but no croissants.  Turkey gravy, but no hollandaise! I didn't leave hungry, because I'm a trooper, but I definitely will never go back or recommend to any of my friends.For a country famed for their food and a company that just spent millions re-doing Caesars buffet I thought I a great dinner was in order. Wrong!
4	Came here around lunchtime on a Saturday and ended up waiting around 45 min. All in all, not bad at all for a Vegas buffet. We were seated once we got to the front of the line and were unleashed into the madness. They had some fake rustic decorations but I suppose no one is really looking around while they're busy shoveling food into their mouths.There is the standard meat station, crepe station, seafood (crab legs!), salad/fruit, some random sushi, pastas, and a crap-ton of breakfast food randomly spread out across all the stations. Service was slightly shoddy as the meat carver disappeared for a while and my waitress never brought me me orange juice. However the food overall was quite tasty. The crepe station was popular (don't get the savory crepes, it's never warmed up quite right inside the crepe) because of the freshly made crepes. The prime rib slab was HUGE and I ended up sharing with my friends. The eggs benedict was quite tasty, as well as the ham quiche/tart thing. All the breakfast foods were good, not great.Shining star for me was the dessert station. So many varieties I couldn't make up my mind. I made a few rounds before I saw one of the workers roll in a huge cart full of creme brulees. They were delicious! I wanted to go back for more but I was way too full already. Overall, a great buffet. Was worth going to as we had the buffet of buffets pass. I would come back again.
4	Le Village Buffet is part of the Buffet of Buffets deal ($45 to dine for 24 hours). We went here twice and were happy both times. The deal is totally worth it at these buffets and we loved how Le Village offers bottomless mimosas for breakfast/brunch. How awesome is that? Service is super nice and always check on you. There's a great variety of different French-styled foods and desserts. Definitely worth checking out and one of the more memorable buffets I've had in Sin City.
5	So glad we spotted this place while touring through the Paris Las Vegas. We were planning on swinging out to the Four Kegs (see my previous review) for Stromboli, but took a peek in this place. The ambiance and setting were just too much for the wife and our friend to not check out the fare. After poking around the stations we opted to pay the $23 ($20 w/ a player's card) for lunch.The food was fantastic and they had quite an assortment to choose from. Some of our highlights / favorites were:Braised Pork BellyAndouie SausageChateaubriand style tri-tipbrie & bacon Macaroni and CheeseCapatavi w/ truffle oil and mushroomsThe prime rib was also to die for: medium-rare and super tender / moist!Many veggies to choose from, including perfectly roasted asparagus!They offered an assortment of seafood; including stuffed sole, mussels, clams and shrimp.They had a savory and sweet crepe station, for those who enjoy crepes (we did not partake, however).As for dessert they had some of the usual fare one would find at a buffet, but here they had three items that are hard to come by (and in which we indulged): creme brulee, French style (lemon infused) macaroons (light & fluffy), and custard (not soft serve ice cream).To make a long short, we definitely got our monies worth! We are already planning to eat here again, on our next LV trip, with our son and his fiancee! The dinner menu looks awesome (includes duck!). The wife and I concurred that we would give this restaurant (buffet) five (5) stars! They MUST have REAL chefs working here, not the "usual" hired off the street types who simply follow the establishment's recipes (which usually = WTF).                                                     Bon appetit!
4	Not a big fan of Paris (the hotel,casino, or the city), but this place is pretty legit for lunch. We all had the Buffet of Buffets pass, so we decided to test this place out. The overall selection was actually pretty good and the service was pretty friendly. The standout items are probably the crab legs, crepes, and the CREME BRULEE. I didn't even know they served it in the pastry section until I saw one woman....GO. TO. TOWN. on those things. I really hope she came with a large family, because that lady was packing 12 creme brulee cups on her plate. The thing is, I don't blame her. I would have taken 12 myself if I didn't do work on the crab legs and tri tip.
3	A friend of mine recommended this place, saying she'd been a few years back and had a great experience. Wish I could say the same....it was mediocre at best.I am generally an avid fan of buffets, especially in Vegas where spirits are up and alcohol is flowing. But in this case, I was sorely disappointed. To begin with, the line was looong, which is expected for Saturday brunchtime, but for some reason, it seemed especially long. When we were finally seated (I went with a group of 10) and began browsing through the food selection, I cannot say anything looked fantastic, although I did enjoy the setup and decor of the place. DISCLAIMER: Our group was a little hungover, so my review of the food here may not be 100% accurate. After picking at a few plates of food, my first impression was sustained. I attempted to try the crepes that all the yelp reviews were raving about, but the line was too long, or I did not have the willpower and patience to wait. The dessert section, which also looked impressive, did not hit the spot either. Many trays were empty and were not replaced during our time there. 3 stars are because the service was good, and despite the average-tasting food, my group still had a good time. Our waitress was friendly, welcoming and very willing to meet our requests, even if it was requesting 3 different drinks per person. My end thoughts: Standard buffet, not too special, but not terrible. Would not go back though, especially with so many others to try in Vegas!
5	I would like to express my appreciation of service to the Paris Le Village Buffet Restaurant General Manager, Mr. J. McIntosh.My husband and I dine at Le Village Buffet whenever we visit Las Vegas (3-4 times/year). We have eaten here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed. Our most recent visit was this past week while we were visiting for The Shot Show/ AVN week for breakfast. The crepes were delicious and fresh, made to order. We tried one with fresh berries and another with ham and cheese - both delightful in our mouths. Variety of egg dishes and scrambles. Great meats, ham, sausage. Exceptional service was provided from our waitress, busser and especially by the Restaurant General Manager, Mr. J. McIntosh. Mr. McIntosh was cordial, professional with a sense of humor. He really made us feel very welcomed and went above and beyond. *Ladies* - Mr. McIntosh is quite handsome.Must sign up for the free Harrah's/Caesars Entertainment Total Rewards card for discounts, not just at Le Village buffet but for many of the Harrah's stores and restaurants!
2	I heard so many good things about this buffet and how delicious the food was, but my recent trip had very little to be desired. My boyfriend and I got in before the dinner rush so we were seated as soon as we arrived, but it took ten minutes for our server to come and take our drink orders. Our drinks were empty the majority of the time, and our plates were stacked on our little table. The food was the most disappointing thing of all - the prime rib was dry and flavorless and there was a very small selection of foods in general. I was hoping for more from the buffet, and I am sad to say that I will never return again.
1	Absolutely dreadful... cold, overpriced food... terrible service... the desert bar was lacking... They nailed the pita bread and mashed potatoes but I have little else positive to say about the place.
5	One of my top three buffets! Love the assortment of foods.  I have never had veggies cooked so many delicious ways.  I'm drooling just thinking about it!
3	Buffets... again. I think my mom would love the buffets in Las Vegas (especially if you buy the Total Rewards deal, you pay about $57, for a 24 hour buffet-eating spree)But buffets and hangover do not blend very well. I was a bit miserable buffet-hopping in the day time. It sucks many of the mom n pop pho shops or dim sum restaurants are not located on the strip. It is taken over by the bigger businesses owned by the hotels, otherwise they would have great business. We started off at Le Village at noon, the line was a bit long for a 3-star buffet. I would expect Wynn or Bellagio would be ridiculous, but  nevertheless it went by quick, especially if you have large parties. There is a service/gratuity charge if your party exceeds 7. There were 7 of us so we made the cut! (huzzah!)Since it is located in the Paris Hotel, many food were French inspired like French toast, crepes, Eggs Benedict. I tried to make the most of my buck, but buffets and I don't get along since I eat very little portions. We chose the buffet-hop for the experience since some of my friends really wanted to try as many buffets as possible. There is an extra $15 charge if you buy the Total Rewards deal and eat at Caesars'. I recommend coming here hangover free, starved, and with some big pants.  It's a good experience--but not for me. I just stick with the simple ole' fast food and maybe one buffet for dinner.
3	I've been coming to this buffet ever since it opened. So this review has been long overdue.  On my latest visit, we did the weekend brunch. There was a line (like always), however it was probably a 20 min wait (not too bad). Our waitress was friendly, but definitely hard to flag down again if you need refills. The food was a mix of good and average. Crepes were delicious like always (banana and nutella, best combo). The sauteed mushrooms was an item I kept going back for more. Shrimp was decent (make sure your hands are clean since you're doing the peeling). Didn't get the crab legs since they were cold (I like it hot!). They had creme bruelee, but that was so-so. The soft serve ice cream is a must when you're on your way out!It is definitely a must when I do the Buffet of Buffets, however it's not as glorious as it once was.
3	I came here two weeks ago with my friend. I found that there is less variety of food. The service here was ok. I found it wrong that our server served the table drinks behind us when my friend and I were there before them.  My review is about the same as  my previous one, but minus one star for the service.
3	My parents had raved about this one but I thought it was just okay ... maybe I don't like French food, who knows. They have a make your own crepe station which is great but the line was long. They have only ONE bathroom stall in the ladies' restroom which wasn't cool, there was a huge line.Check in on Foursquare and you get a coupon for $5 off, my friend and I did that and went there for breakfast - not a bad deal. The ambiance is nice and the food was a step above the Flamingo's buffet, which we also went to, but that was about it.
2	If it wasn't for the "Le Crepe with Nutella, bananas and hazelnuts," this place would warrant a 1-star rating.  Over the many years of having so many people talk about Vegas buffets being the best, I had to try at least once while I was there. I had so many expectations but maybe that's the problem here. First off, we were seated almost a block away from the actual food stations. This place really makes you work for the food. The food is sectioned off into several stations based on the courses (appetizers, main and dessert). I always go for the seafood and meats....you figured you get your money's worth that way. Seriously who wants to get full on cheap salads?I got a little bit of everything. I'm a dabbler. The meats were salty and dry. The seafood was just okay. I didn't even touch the salads. But their coffee was good. Overall I felt there wasn't much love put into the food. It was all about quantity versus quality while I'd much prefer the latter. There is something about buffets that makes people pile on everything even the food is awful. I am guilty of this but I ended up not eating 80% of what I had on my plate.As my evening was not turning out as expected, I decided to try their crepe station. Per recommendation from my friend, I got their nutella, bananas and hazelnuts. I have to say that dish made up for everything else I had before there. It was freshly made infront of me, so how can anyone mess that up? Now that all the glitz and glamour is gone.....it would take a lot for me to come back to this place again.
3	Had dinner here with my family...overall the food was good & nice atmosphere...felt like we were sitting outside. My parents thought the crab had no flavor. I enjoyed the crepe. We all ate too much!
5	By far, this is the best buffet in Las Vegas. I have been to all the others but this one takes top place in my book for breakfast. The best thing about this buffet is the crepe bar. They have basic to moderate ingredients that makes starting the day with a nutella, banana, and bacon crepe simply great. If sweet breakfast is not your thing then try hitting up the savory brunch options. In the hour between breakfast and lunch they start to bring out lunch options which is an added bonus if you're looking for more savory dishes. If there is still room for dessert try one of each of the pastries. You're in Vegas you have to live a little. The service is a mixed bag at times but overall it's a fun time. Fun note: Even though you're in the "Paris" Casino you will not find anyone in the Le Villiage Buffet that speaks French. Using my Spanish has gotten me better service and food options.
3	Crepes station is top notch. Seafood was okay.  Kind of worn down in the last 5 years. A deep cleaning would be great for this whole seating area. Probibly backstage too.
2	It really wasn't that great.  Went for breakfast. It was dark and crowded. Nothing spectacular. You could get the same food at iHop for much cheaper.
5	We came for breakfast Feb '13... And we just loved it! Service was great and wait was brief. All stations were well stocked and appealing. The highlights of my meal were the very fresh lox paired with goat cheese and the Nutella/banana crepes... Fantastic! We'll be back!
4	this is for the breakfast only. I'm a breakfast person. I'll eat breakfast for lunch or dinner. I also love my eggs and potatoes.If you love potatoes, come here. Different dishes of potatoes. Breakfast style of course. Not just the plain boring hash browns you find elsewhere. Different dishes of eggs. I loved the variety of eggs dishes. Im not a crepe person. Long line didn't want to wait. Yeah, theres an Omelette station. And wait!!!! a bagel toasting station with cream cheese, lox, capers, tomato, and onion -- just like how Einstein Bagels makes em. Sold!Breakfast at Paris for me from now on if I'm ever up at 9am again in Vegas. I think this is my first breakfast buffet ever..... I'm usually not a morning person, i love to sleep in, it's my therapy! Really.
4	Probably, Paris is the best buffet we had in this trip (Rio, Planet Hollywood) with 24 hrs pass, but their service is went down since the last time I've been here.  The server just put your drink & never see him again (with wrong drinks).  But, the food is pretty good, to make up the service.  But for breakfast buffet @ $25 (weekend) is too hard to swallow.  The crepe line is too slow (only 1 cook).
1	I've officially sworn off buffets; I was leaning in that direction to begin with, but our experience at Le Village Buffet sealed the deal.The buffets in Vegas have been heading in the same direction over the past five years - more expensive, while less quality. I've seen this happen at Rio, Wynn and now Paris. I lived in Vegas for three years and worked as a supervisor in one of the largest casinos there; as a frequent visitor to buffets, I can say this isn't simply speculation; it's what's gone down.Le Buffet when it opened, was one of the finest in Vegas; a fantastic assortment of food stations, incredible service and desserts to die for. When we returned to this buffet in January, I was so disappointed, I felt sick all night that we'd payed about $70 for two of us to eat here.The buffet caters primarily toward seafood now, which is great if you're a seafood lover; I am not. There were very few options that were appealing for non-seafood fans. There is a generous mountain of shrimp to mine from and there are crab legs; I do like shellfish. However, whenever the crab legs are put out, unless you're camping there, you're going to get completely raped by the pushy folks that get there before you and blast through the pile, diligently picking it clean of the good legs, leaving the spoils to everyone else. It was frustrating and annoying as hell.The food selections I did have were okay - but definitely not worth $30 or so per person. The dessert station was a disaster; names of desserts did NOT match what was out. Obviously, the staff here doesn't care. It was a "try your luck" situation and patrons were left to guess what treat they were actually getting.At one station, I couldn't separate two bowls, and I passed them toward a staff member on the other side of the counter, telling her they were stuck. She looked at me like I was an idiot and slammed the bowls on the granite counter, which made them separate. She gave me one, and started putting the other BACK INTO THE CLEAN BOWLS PILE, after I'd explained to her that I gave them to her because my hands were all over them. A woman standing next to me spoke right up and asked the staffer what she was thinking; that I'd JUST told her I was touching the bowls! The staff member frowned at the other customer and removed the bowl from the stack. Totally disgusting; makes you wonder what else ends up in the clean plates stacks there.Table clearing was slow and finding someone to refill our soda was a joke. Total contrast to when this buffet was new and it seemed that there were several bussers for each table that were on you like vultures the minute you cleaned your plate or put an empty glass on the table. Not the case anymore, sadly, and that added to my frustration.Standing in line for another station, the final straw broke this camel's back - a woman stood in front of me eating food off of her plate and SUCKING her fingers. Then, you guessed it, she went right on using that hand to use tongs and spoons getting more food from the buffet.And really, that's the core problem with ANY buffet. People are disgusting. They are piggish and pushy and dirty. You can somewhat control the level of a dining experience, but you can never completely control the other customers. Case in point, The Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan - considered to be the best buffet in Vegas now by many. We ate there and the experience was okay - except for the two tables close to us with loud, drunk douchebag guests being SO loud that it disrupted everyone's experience.So the next time you consider shelling out the better part of $100 on a Vegas buffet, remember what you're paying for - crowds of strangers pawing at the same spoons and tongs, breathing and coughing over the same food stations and a wait staff that is there making just over minimum wage that honestly won't give a rat's ass if you ever return or not. It's Vegas, and the people will come pretty much no matter what.For the foreseeable future, I am DONE with buffets.
4	If you're looking for a buffet on the Strip that offers a difference experience (in both food and presentation) from ordinary buffets, definitely try the buffet at Paris.This buffet is a great reminder of what can be great about Vegas; dining in Le Village will immerse you into the feel and charm of eating in a nice village in France. From the setting to the waiters, and of course the food, the ambiance certainly sets Le Village apart from other contemporary buffets.But the food. That's what we came here for right? And believe me, it won't disappoint. Beyond offering some of the more traditional stuff you'll see at every buffet, Le Village has French-influenced food (surprise surprise) which was a big hit for me. I definitely loved the selection and was able to try different things. And perhaps the best part of it all is that there's a crepe station to fulfill all your sweet-tooth desire. But be forewarned, the crepe line can get mighty long, so if there's an opening, it might be smart to grab one real fast. Overall, I've been here on a couple occasions and I had a stellar experience each time. Definitely recommending Le Village if you're looking for a buffet that's not at the Wynn or Caesar's.
2	Ohh how they've loss their luster. I came here when the casino first opened and every time I'm back I'm just not pleased with the buffet. The hotel itself and rooms are great, but the buffet may have taken my money for the last time this last visit. I don't know why i keep coming back here always giving them the benefit of the doubt. But this last visit did it for me, im done with Le Village Buffet at Paris. With so many other hotels having great Buffets (eg: Aria, Bellagio, Wynn and even Rio still going strong) their are too many choices too be a sub par buffet especially in Las Vegas.Honorable Mention: Go elsewhere! (unless it's a comp than maybe)
4	We wanted to avoid the typical buffets in Las Vegas, but was so glad we ate here.  the food was great, my wife and i debated if we should try the crepes, we are so glad we did! the line for the restaurant moves quick dont get discouraged. unlimited beer wine for  only 12 bucks!
3	Came here for the dinner buffet on a Sunday night which ended up being about $30+ or so a person.  The ambiance is very cute - like you are sitting in a French courtyard "outside".  Overall the food was OK - I wasn't particularly blown away and the prime rib was a bit dry and overdone (but I have yet to find a buffet that serves delicious mouth-watering meat!)  The standouts for me were the crepe station (you can get savory or sweet), the creme brulee, and the king crab legs.  The king crab legs were sweet and not fishy tasting at all - so if you can stock up on those, you will probably make the experience most worthwhile!  I went to 2 buffets which was this one, and the breakfast buffet at Wynn and between the two I have to say Wynn blew Paris away so next time I most likely will opt to try the Wynn dinner buffet.
4	Opting to do at least one Las Vegas buffet, we decided on doing so in Paris: charmed by the themeing and reviews that mentioned it was one of the better options to try. While the food it self wasn't particularly memorable (we have done the buffet at the Palace hotel in San Francisco, which is the best buffet) the ambiance set the scene for what was an enjoyable experience.The food selection here is diverse and will please most, unless they come expecting mostly French cuisine. The options range from everything from Japanese (sushi) to Mediterranean (hummus). While there are some big winners to pick, like the mozzarella and tomatoes or the crepes, there are some so-so options you will have to deal with as well. The real allure of Le Village Buffet, however, is its appearance. The theme is a quiet little village, while capturing a slightly overdone decor (think Fantasyland at Disneyland) to make it memorable. Was almost worth it alone just to sit in those settings, in fact. In terms of price, it's more expensive than the other options, but does enough to differentiate itself to make it worth it.Overall, we won't be back, but we are happy we went and feel it's a suggestible activity to try out.
4	Not real French but its buffet with a French flare. Go on a Friday nite, they seem to have quite a bit of shellfish, my fav. The crepes are good too, that is if you can squeeze one down after ALL those plate of food. Better than most, although I have to admit The Buffet at the Wynn kicks butt.
1	How does one go about getting their money back for 2 buffets here?  Yikes!
5	After a brutal 6 am flight from Seattle to Las Vegas, my friend and I were more than ready for some food and drink upon getting to Sin City. We stowed our bags at Planet Hollywood and made our way to Paris, where we were able to pay the $24.99 "breakfast" price due to our pre-10 am arrival. Our wait in line was probably around 10 minutes, more than enough time for us to deduce that the additional ~$13 fee for "All You Can Drink" (beer, wine, Champagne, mimosas, Bloody Marys) would be money well-spent. And well-spent it was. Our server Deborah was just the sweetest gal, and she kept those mimosa glasses topped off.Overall, we were pretty impressed with the food at Le Village. Of all the things I sampled, the only weak spot was the Eggs Benedict. The scrambled egg dishes, however, were great as were the hashbrowns. The bacon was paper-thin but tasty! I loved the pretzel rolls, and my friend raved about the apple-filled pastry she got. She would have loved to have tried a savory crepe, but unfortunately the line for that station was always pretty long.It turned out that we had great timing for our visit as around 10:30-11:00 the breakfast foods began to be transitioned over to lunch items - caprese salad, pastas, mashed potatoes and dolmas were all excellent. There was also a lunchtime selection of seafood, carved roast, and various Asian selections that I didn't really explore but might on a future visit! And a future visit there will be...Le Village is a great buffet, especially for the price.
3	The menu was unimaginative and the service was strange. Needless to say, I didn't enjoy it.
4	My favorite buffet! Maybe I am just a crepe addict, but man oh man Nutella, bananas foster, savory crepes.... The works! Very pricey though, like eat till you can no longer breathe to get your money's worth. Service was eh, the lady at the crepe station didn't say a word to me... But whatever, she made my crepe perfect so that's what matters I guess.
2	Buffets are not my favorite places to eat anyway but since I was in a group I went with it. The food was fine but it just didn't seem like there was all that much variety.  That and the crepe and omlette stations had long lines. Our server did really stay on top of keeping our beverages full.
4	I've ate here 3 times. Once in 2011 and twice March 2013. I liked it. Food I thought was great/delicious: prime rib and mashed potatoes! Mini square cheesecakes with a raspberry sauce. Mimosas!Food I thought was just "good": This last time I tried the omelet station, it was good, but not great. Same with the potatoes and biscuits and gravy.Service: 2 of 3 were good waitresses, one was just grouchy. But the other two more than made up for it.Value: It's a tad expensive, but we tried another buffet about the same price (on the strip) and Le Village was definitely tastier and better quality.
5	This is really good! Especially compared to HP. You can trust me, or you can go to both Le and HP, then you will trust me. Enjoy~
5	Wowee, Breakfast and Dinner were so good.  We did the 24-hour up to 6 buffet's for $49.99 (total rewards member) and we ate two fabulous meals here.  It was by far and away an experience my waist line will not forget.
2	This used to be my favorite buffet but it has changed quite a bit. There wasn't a single item that I felt worth the price paid. More importantly, the service fell several miles short! The woman behind the dessert station was rude and couldn't bother to help anyone. The server wasn't available to bring me my drinks until after I got the second serving. Furthermore, this place had the saddest salad bar I've seen in quite a while.
2	A few of my friends told me that Le Village Buffet is good, so I went to try it for the first time.  The food was okay, but the service was horrible.  We had a party of 15 and we splitted the party into groups of five so that we wouldn't pay the 17% gratuity.  Not knowing that there were so many different rooms that they sat our 3 tables in three separate rooms.  One of the server was so mean.  They were giving us a hard time.  They could of sat us closer, but they wanted to seat one of our group on the other side of the restaurant.  Glad we didn't pay the 17% gratuity because there was no good service at all..our drinks didn't come until we were almost done with our meal.
3	We went here for lunch.  Other than the flan (which why I didn't give it one star) everything else was just bland.  Not worth the money.
2	I'm a big buffet fan, so naturally I got the Buffet Of Buffet's for my most recent trip to Vegas.  I had heard good things about this place and read the reviews here on yelp.  This was our first stop (for breakfast) and we were ready to eat!     We were seated quickly, there was no line.  Our hostess was a very kind woman.  The waitress wasn't all that great and really didn't do much other than get my party 1 refill (we were there for about an hour)At first glance it seemed like a clean place, and I had hoped the food would be great.  Sadly...it was not.  My first plate was biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, and hash browns.  I also grabbed a small bowl of oatmeal.  The overall quality of the food was really bad.  The eggs looked fantastic, however they had no flavor and they were very watered down.  The hash browns were cold, and again had no flavor.  I took one bite of the B&G and that was enough to know that I didn't like it.  The oatmeal I will admit though was pretty much as good as oatmeal can be.   I ordered Milk and I was very surprised that they brought me whole milk and that was pretty awesome, the waitress brought me 2 big glasses, I got a refill on 1 and ordered a chocolate milk, I was disappointed with the chocolate milk as that was not whole milk...it also tasted sour.I went back to look at the other foods offered, and based off looks alone I wouldn't eat anything else from there other than fruit.  The bacon and sausage looked very undercooked, I have a thing about bacon being cooked crispy, this bacon was floppy and you could see through it, my girlfriend tried both meats and she said it was pretty bad.  I don't recall everything my lady had but she wasn't happy with it.   We left after that. So for me, the only good thing about this buffet I liked was the Milk, Oatmeal, and Fruit.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone at least not for breakfast, though if they can't make breakfast I can't depend on them to make anything else. I gave it a 2 for the way the place looked, and for the high quality milk.
2	I didn't enjoy the experience of going to Le Village, and I wouldn't go again. The Wait: The line took 43 minutes and at peak dinner time. Caesars Bacchanal took us 25 minutes at peak time. The Price: $33 with tax per person at dinner time. They did have a $13 with tax option for unlimited wine or beer, but we didn't go for that. The Seating: They seated us in a small room where you couldn't enjoy much of the Parisian atmosphere that was the main reason we wanted to try Le Village. I asked the waiter if we could move to one of the small empty tables and he actually started laughing. It was very unprofessional. So I asked a manager if we could have one of the empty tables for two rather than the one for four that we were seated at in a small room off to the side. She said no -- and that that those tables were for members of Total Rewards Platinum or whatever the higher categories are. Seriously, this is a buffet not a fancy restaurant. And there were empty tables everywhere and we had to sit in a small room where you can't see anything. We just wanted to see the Parisian themes and the buffet itself. Denied. The Seafood: They had crab legs but they were very salty. They were not as good as at Caesars, Bellagio, or Aria buffet. All those three others had raw oysters, and Le VIllage didn't. The shrimp at Le Village were very small and not worth the time. They did have good cooked mussels. The Meats: OK.  The Service: WORST of the ones I mentioned above. The don't seem to care as much about giving good service. Even asked to have a manager call me so I could make some suggestions and never heard back. That says a lot.
1	Waste of time. Not so much choice for food, poor quality of food, and the service is awful. Bellagio cost just as much, and is 10 times better. This place used to be decent, but is totally junk now. Avoid all buffets that part of buffet of buffets, 24 hr all you can eat. If you want to try buffet, either Wynn or Bellagio. The rest are horrible and not worth timenor money
3	Definitely not the most fantastic buffet I have been to in Vegas, but it did the trick on a Sunday afternoon with some buddies and a Groupon. $45 for 2 to eat with all you can drink adult beverages. That was a great thing.. but the buffet itself left alot to be desired. The layout of the space is so clumsy and awkward that you are shoved into back corners of the place.. we actually had a table IN THE WALKWAY of the back room we were seated in. It's not so comfortable. On top of it all, there was no selection of 'Asian-Style' food.. no sweet and sour, no tempura anything.. and really not alot of selection overall. The main thing that saved this dining experience is that they have a crepe counter. Both savory and sweet crepes.. they are a great addition to the pretty weak selection. I say give it a try for that reason, and if you can get a deal. Happy Eating!
2	The Positive: Crepes.....outstanding crepes!The Negative: Can the keep anything, anthing at all warm. It's not really that hard yet this is the only buffet I've ever been to that none of the food was warm.Glad I had a Groupon to cut the price down. Without it, doubtful I'll go back.
3	I was in Vegas last month and had heard about the incredible buffets, so I decided to give it a try. Everyone knows Caesar's is supposed to be the best but this place also had a great reputation. Key word is had. Don't get me wrong, there are still lots of good things about it. But there were also some things that could stand serious improvement. First of all, the meats were not good, kinda dry and just bleh. If you are charging this kind of money, you better have mouth watering prime rib and roast beef to start. Also, some of the side dishes were bland and uninspired. Yes, there was alot to choose from and the atmosphere was nice but for the price they are charging, they need to do more. The highlight of the meal was dessert. Creme Brulee was out of this world as were some of the pastries. The Crepe station knocked it out of the park. It was just sooo good. But the highlight of a pricey meal should not be dessert. The rest of the meal has to stand up on it's own and this just didn't. That being said, it was still better than some of the other major buffets on the strip. I should mention that the service could also stand improvement. Everytime I needed my waitress I could not find her. The dirty dishes piled up and I literally had to get up to get someone's attention. That should simply not be.
3	I was not impressed with the buffet.  The main reason my wife and I tried it was because of the Groupon that was available which gave us half off for the dinner buffet and unlimited drinks.  The food was good but if I'm going to pay what would have been over $100.00 for my wife and I, I expect something much tastier than good.Let me preface this by saying their crepe station is fantastic.  The banana's foster crepe was really, really delicious so I would start at the crepe station if I were to return.  In addition that they did have crab legs and shrimp.  If you are looking for good crab legs this is not the place for you.  Some were still frozen and most were quite small.  The prime rib was good but not great.The station that had little cast irons serving bowls was good as well.  I had the pork belly and the beef bourguignon.  Both were tasty.As I stated the food was overall pretty good but the service was absolutely terrible.  We literally had to track down our waitress if we wanted another drink and she acted like we were pulling her teeth out when we did.If you get the Groupon deal that gets half off the meal and drinks I think it's worth it, but just barely.  I definitely would not pay full price for the meal.  I give it three stars because of the Groupon.
4	PROS: We had a groupon and i would say the food was well worth it. The crepes were outstanding. All of the desserts were fresh and delicious, the carrot cake, chocolate cake, cookies, custard and banana nutella crepe.  I'm a vegetarian and I had more than enough food to choose from. My husband enjoys his meats and had plenty also.Cons: The service was slow. More than one station had everything labeled incorrectly. Overall great dinner!
5	OMG where do I start? I love Le Village! I've been here every time I came to Vegas except for last time which allows me to vote for this place as the best buffet in Vegas bc I went to Wicked Spoon and I was not impressed whatsoever. Food was just meh and at $45, I mean you've gotta have something that sets you apart. Nope! I'm coming back to Le Village once I finish my final exams next month yay. Top notch dishes: The salmon, truffle pasta and oh my goodness the olive salad. Absolutely love the dessert section. Like everyone says, the creme brulee is wonderful. My sister thinks the flan is even better but I'm a creme brulee fan. I've tried a few of the crepes and so far I realllyy liked the one I got with apples sauteed in brandy and candied walnuts. Yum. Cons: You will feel like a balloon when you leave. It's impossible to resist overeating here so come with an empty stomach. I usually stop eating the day before I plan to go here lol :D
3	Not surprised that this place wasn't a 5-star buffet, as the prices were a lot cheaper than the other ones I've been to.  Overall, not a bad meal after three days of losing hundreds of dollars, but if you want quality and options, this is not your place.  The food is ok, like I said, for a groupon deal of $18 it's not bad, but would I pay more for this place, no way.  I think it's $24 for lunch w/o the groupon.  Quality of the food was bleak, as the selection was.  I don't remember seeing a seafood bar but that may be b/c I was dining at lunch time. The line was long, but it moves pretty fast.  Heh, save your money and hit up one of the fancier buffets..........
5	We came to Vegas on a very small budget. We got the buffet of buffets deal and ate at le village, it was lovely. The decor was beautiful and the food was outstanding. We even decided to return for dinner. Very pleased with the entire experience.
3	Definitely not the best buffet, but not the worst either. Overall, for the money, it isn't the greatest compared to others. Before you go in line, take 5 minutes and sign up for the total rewards card to get a small discount. Wait time: long, even on non-peak times. Be prepared to stand for a while although there were many tables available. Food: it was decent, but it doesn't stand next to the quality of buffets like the Bellagio. There are a lot of options and many have a French twist. I would say there are not that many options for children or picky eaters. Desserts: had a wonderful homemade crepe, but the rest of the desserts are pretty standard I.e. cookies. There is good French custard. Service: The waiters/waitresses are very nice and accommodating. They refilled very quickly.
5	LOVED this buffet. We got access through the $59 for 24 hour access deal and ate here twice, one dinner and one breakfast. They had a line for fresh made crapes, as well as all the usual buffet staples. There was plenty to sample with every empty plate, that looked delicious (and mostly was).One thing I will say is they do not staff wisely there. I tend to eat late, so 4:00 (which was my lunch) was a perfect time to just walk in. But just a half hour later the line spans down the block of Paris. All of this while the restaurant is half empty, they should really get more staff.So of the buffet of buffet deals, this was by far the best of the four restaurants I tried.
5	The cashiers are hilarious and outgoing!  They are definitely one of the many champions at this restaurant that made the experience wonderful.  The atmosphere is calm and quiet.  The painted skies give you the impression you're outside in a cafe in France.  Our waitress was awesome too!  As far as food goes... Everything was great EXCEPT the chicken cacciatore, which consisted of chicken and tomato puree.  The crepes, salad, crab legs, salad and cream of chicken soup were amazing!  They even have sushi but I would suggest passing.  If you look at the fish inside the rolls, you too would walk away!
3	Solid buffet but not the best I've had in Vegas. We got a Groupon for the buffet which turned out to be an excellent deal for two since it not included food but also unlimited mimosas, wine and beer (usually a $11.99 add on). The interior and set up of Le Village Buffet is amazing and I kind of felt like I should be bicycling through it while donning a beret! They make a lot of use out of the space and it's like you're in a little French village (so I think at least, I've never been but that's how I picture it). They have stations for different cuisines and items such as sushi, meats, salad, seafood, dessert, etc. But when I saw the crepe bar I started to get really excited because I adore crepes so game was on. They have about eight varieties of both sweet and savory crepes and the banana nutella crepes made my day! They were absolutely perfect and smothered in chocolate and whipped cream, I was in fatty fat heaven! Unfortunately that was the pinnacle of the buffet-I tried other items such as grilled lamb (flavorless), crab legs (skimpy), cooked veggies like brussel sprouts (overcooked) and nothing really tickled my palate that much after the crepes. Unlimited mimosas and our excellent server, Mitzy, made up for it though!  I would go here again with a coupon or discounted price but I wouldn't pay full price for it.
2	The only reason this buffet receives 2 stars is simply because of the crepe station. Everything else is mediocre, at best. The wait to get into the buffet is at least an hour. As we stood there waiting to be seated, we observed many empty tables. When we were finally sat, the set up for the dining room is very uninviting. We felt like we were placed in a back room. The server took our drink order (water and lemonade) and didn't return with our drinks until we were done with our first plates (we had to ask her again for our beverages). The choices of food are not presented well. And some of the items were labeled with expiration times. Very tacky. However, the crepe station was incredible and delicious. And the crepe chef was extremely nice. There are so many other better buffets in Vegas to dine at that are so much more worth your time and money.
5	My wife and I went to Le Village for lunch and had such an incredible time, we decided to come back again the next day for breakfast. If you want to skip the rest of my blabbering, know this: hands-down, my favorite buffet in the world! Not that I'm a big buffet connoisseur, but I do know the difference between world-class and run-of-the-mill eateries.Yes, there usually is a line, but it is well worth it. Once they seat you, you are faced with one of the most difficult decisions of the trip...which food station to hit up first?? I recommend the crepe station, but do your best to save room because there's a lot more deliciousness to try. The meats I tried (prime rib, roasted chicken and pork sausage) were tender, savory and tasty enough to eat as a stand alone dish. The scrambled eggs must have had some kind of crack because both my wife and I were thinking of ways to smuggle some out in our pockets. Seriously, DELISH. I also enjoyed the variety of their fresh fruit. The chicken noodle soup was the lone non-plus morsel that touched my mouth. Lastly, the desserts...I'm not a big dessert guy, but I did love their chocolate chip cookies. That's not saying much but my wife (who is a big dessert person) could have had her whole meal be just the desserts!All this incredible food and I haven't even mentioned the staff. They were all friendly and speedy with their service. Our dirty plates were quickly picked-up and our drinks were never empty. I also have to make a special shout-out to their Chef...Chef Lowell McCain was AMAZING! He answered all of our questions and even took the time to show my pregnant wife the packaging on a variety of their cheeses, to assure her of the pasteurization.Overall, A+. Can't wait to go back!!
5	this just might be my favorite buffet place in all of vegas for brunch! bottomless champagnes and crepes! i feel like this place is really underrated compared to the other "bigger" buffets at the more popular newer hotels. The price is reasonable when you compare it the other brunch buffets and especially restaurants. the way i eat, there's no way i can get a better deal anywhere else. the food they have here is pretty standard, you have your meats, desserts, and seafood stations. what makes this place totally worth it for me is the crepe station. holy crap their friggin savory crepes are to die for. i haven't tried TOO many crepe places, but i can't imagine it being any better than le village. i definitely try my hardest to make it to brunch here everytime i'm in vegas
2	I've been here twice and both times I've been dissappointed. $22pp is extremely high for the small breakfast selection. I think $15 is the most they should charge for the quality. I was thinking about the 24hr deal, but they jacked that up to $79 on the weekend. No thanks! My entire family left very unsatisfied. On a positive note, the crepe with the berry mix was very good. Check out Studio B at the M. Almost half the price and twice the quality.
1	I won't visit here ever again.The server tried to sit us in a room which was dark and somewhat humid. It reminded me a room where the servatns and maids are eating in ancient time. When I asked to sit some other place, I could see the displeasure of the lady who led us to there. After waiting more than 10 minutes, we were guided to a table right next to a pillar. Obviously not very pleasant place to sit. They shouldn't have any table placed in such location.Foods there are generally good looking and has a good variety, but I am not sure how long they've been there. Many seafood dishes are over-cooked because they have been in the warmers too long (I know what I am trying to say). The waiter was not very friendly, nor very attentive. One time we had 4 empty dishes along with 3 dishes we are working on. Everytime I needed something, I had to look around and find the waiter for few minutes.The only nice thing about this buffet is the ambience is French street. If oyu have to feel that without spending time and money to travel France, this is the place to be. Otherwise, I recommend you not to visit this place.
3	My wife and I decided to visit this place for dinner on 05/20/13.After eating here, quite frankly this place isn't much different from any other buffet. If I were to compare this with any other buffet that I've been to then I'll say that this buffet isn't worse nor is it better than those buffets I've attended.They do have a very reasonable amount of dinner items, and I tried to taste as many things as my stomach would allow me. Other than their mashed potatoes and their seafood items nothing really stood out and inspired me to make an urgent return. Even their dessert was nothing special to me. They had a few items that were satisfying but nothing that made me want to come .back again.I don't think this is a bad buffet and I'm pretty sure that you will be able to find something you enjoy eating here. I mean its a buffet.Hey this isn't the best buffet I've been to but I do believe that it can get the job done in filling you up.I haven't decided if I'll ever come back to this buffet because there are so many buffets in Vegas. I guess if I'm on limited time and don't have the time to go to any other buffet then I would come to this one. Other than that I have to try the other buffets out in Vegas before making the decision to come back.Happy eating people!
5	Sooooo I feel like I shouldn't review this place because someone who knows me as a responsible adult will be shocked by my sin city behavior. The buffet at Paris is my favorite in all of Vegas. On Sundays, they do a champagne brunch which brings out the hoarder in me. The booze and banana hoarder. Every time I've eaten here, I've managed to convince our server to leave the whole champagne bottle on our table. And every single time I've filled a giant (20oz) cup with OJ and champagne just before leaving. Needless to say, I have quite a lot of "forgotten" time at Paris. The food is delicious, the crepes station is so fun (if you can stand the line... There is always a line) and anything made with potatoes is drool-worthy. The ham at the carving station always makes me think I should bring a ziplock bag to sneak some home for a late-night snack. So, amid all this crazy awesome and decadent food, why do I hoard bananas? Because they serve fruit here! I've encountered a lot of buffets that only have fancified food, and sometimes you just want a freaking banana. Or a banana phone (see pics)
4	Out of all the buffets we went to, this one was my favorite. We went for lunch on Thursday and stood in line for 30 minutes. They had a wider selection of salad and fresh stuff I noticed. The dessert bar was half sugar free, which was not appealing to my dad and husband, but I think it was worth noting for people who need it sugar free. I wish we would have went back here for dinner, but we ran out of time and when we did come back a few days later, we opted out of the buffet scene. The atmosphere here reminded me of the Blue Bayou restaurant at Disneyland, where you eat inside of the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. This buffet has the faux sky ceiling and fake building fronts and waitresses are dressed in character for old Paris.
2	Wow. Talk about disappointing!! We tried to go once, but the line was ridiculous, so we tried a different day hoping that it would be mind blowing. It was not!BAD: EVERYTHING looked soaked in oil. The veggies were in butter baths. The pastas had pools of oil seeping in where ever you scooped it out. The fish (surprisingly NOT in oil) was so hard my fork couldn't even penetrate the meat. The buffet was slammed packed and I saw them constantly bringing out new food, but that was just as bad as the old stuff. A lot of it looked like it was made ealy in the morning and then stored under a heat lamp until dinner time.GOOD: The prime rib was surprisingly good (the horseradish not so much) and the crepes were really good. If you get dragged there stick to the savory and sweet crepes. The rest is a disappointment. Or better yet go to the WORLD CARNIVAL BUFFET at the Rio, that one never disappoints..
3	I was impressed with the breakfast at this buffet. We actually ate breakfast here twice. The french toast is extremely yummy. It does not rate higher than 3 stars because the waitstaff was horrible and LAZY! took them nearly 15 mins for refilled on our drinks. The main reason why the waiting line is so long is because the hostesses take their sweet time to seat you, and then seat you fasest away from the buffet as possible. There may be 5 tables open in front of you and they place you way in the back. And they seem to continue to leave A LOT of open tables when the waiting line is extremely long.
1	Not all that good. We went with a Groupon that cost $45 for the 2 of us that had the extra option of all you can drink Mixed drinks, wine, beer and soft drinks. ($11.99 per person) The Buffet costs $36 to start you think they would include this. As it turned out they re-nigged on the mixed drinks. The prime rib was cold and dry and tasted like it was a reheat from the day before. I tried 3 different shell fish dishes and all were cold, they were supposed to be hot so was a little worried about temp control. The crepes were not good at all kind of doughy. The wine was not all that good I think cheap chuck is better. Best part was the Bread, but for the regular price of about $100 for 2 people it is high for bread.
3	Years ago, I went to this buffet and enjoyed it quite immensely as it was one of my first Vegas buffets. Last week, I came back to this former favorite to see what had become of it. It was a little bit disappointing.I tried to hit a little bit of all the appetizing items. The prime rib was pretty solid. The beef bourguignon, pork belly, and the bouillabaisse were probably the standouts of the whole thing. Well, except for desserts. There were some really nice options, like the creme brulee and the cheesecake. My dessert crepe (#2 I believe, with the berries) was also good, if a little big.The big problem is that the crab legs mostly sucked, and there was such a small serving area for it compared to huge platter that they used to have. What gives? Everybody knows you go to a Vegas buffet for crab legs. Also, the lamb was pretty dry, and there just wasn't as much of a variety as there are at some of the bigger buffets.Luckily, I was able to use the Groupon on this trip and enjoyed a couple glasses of Blue Moon. They also have red table wine and something else that didn't sound appealing to my memory banks. Not too bad if you're looking to get a little buzzed with your meal. But if you're just gonna go eat, then hit the Bacchanal, which I'm still in love with despite news of their ever-increasing prices.
4	the crepe bar is legit. great selection of food - clean and ok servicethe linesucks
1	A very bad buffet.  It's old and outdated. Everything is kept warm with heat lamps. The crab legs for dinner were probably made a few days ago... Just terrible. Le Village isn't worth a penny over $10.  Trust me, go somewhere else. Bacchanal at Caesars costs way more, but it's way better.
4	I was really excited to try the crepe area. The line wasn't too long and moved quick! The pretzel rolls-really good! Why waste buffet room on bread, i know, but trust me on this. Two kinds of macaroni and cheese, people!Plenty of desserts to tempt your taste buds!
4	This is a must-visit for breakfast.  Crepe and omelet stations, fresh french toast and pancakes, slab bacon (it should be criminal to _NOT_ have this as an offering at breakfast), and a host of other things.  I dinged it a star because the service was a tad scatterbrained.  I waited through 2 servers and about 20 minutes for a chocolate milk.  The food more than makes up for the service, but just in case, order an extra beverage when you sit down.
3	So, I've been to the buffet at Paris many times.  Typically, I've been in the morning/afternoon, so maybe it's been more breakfast food.  This past time, I went for dinner during a friends wedding reception.  I've got to say, the service was GREAT.  Everyone in attendance always had a filled drink (almost too generously) and received whatever they asked for.As far as the food is concerned, I was underwhelmed.  There wasn't anything that really stood out... maybe the dessert crepe and the beef bourginoun.  Everything else was just mediocre to fair.  Based on this experience, I'm not sure I will be back.  In the past we've always talked up the place to those people going to Vegas and looking for a good buffet, but I don't think I'll be doing that anymore.  Oh well...
4	tip: best buffet from the buffet of buffets that do not need to add additional money to get in.the thick steak sauce with mushrooms is very good.  crepe station has a handful of sweet and savory crepes to choose from.  the potato leek soup is shared with other buffets like the spice market. has refined items like smoked salmon.  grilled foods were very rough. cocktail shrimp small and unpeeled.
5	Absolutely phenomenal buffet. I went for lunch and had a Groupon for 2 that included unlimited alcohol. Unlike most other buffets we went to this got us basically everything available in the drink menu. The mimosas and champagne were fantastic, and we definitely had a ton to drink. I've never left a lunch feeling so absolutely drunk. Of course the food itself was also fantastic, compared to many other buffets. If you're looking for good quality food and want some alcohol to go along then it is absolutely worth buying the unlimited alcohol add on. Finally, the service was top notch as well. We pretty much immediately got the drinks we ordered (tipping helps a lot) and our waitresses were very friendly. They even seemed to enjoy the fact that we were getting so drunk at lunch
4	We went here in May with the 2 for 1 Groupon deal with alcohol.  For the $45 we paid for the 2 of us to have a great dinner and 3 glasses each of champagne each, we loved it.  If we would have been paying full price ($40 each), I might not have loved it as much.The highlights for us was the seafood: crab legs (split already for you!), steamer clams, a seafood stew, and shrimp.  We also enjoyed the cheeses, crepes, pasta, and the different meats.  We left with a nice buzz and full tummies.  Our waitress Isela, needs a shout out.  She was really nice and kept the drinks coming and plates cleared quickly.If this comes up on groupon or any discount site again - I'd definitely go for it!
3	- Good buffet from the Buffet of the Buffets list, I enjoyed that.  I wish I did go for dinner though instead of lunch.  The mimosas did hit the stop for early afternoon- Loved it.Breakfast food is what sold me here.  -  The french toast was really good too, two different types of sausage there-tasted excellent as well.  I sampled a bit of everything and like I said, it was nice to finally eat some BREAKFAST food, compared to any other meals that me and the group had been eating lately.  Since I had this deal for 24 hours of buffets, this was a place to try, NO COMPLAINTS HERE.  Loved the fresh fruits and the pasta was even good too.  LUNCH buffet is normally $20 plus tax,  It is maybe somewhere I would not come again but nice to go even at least this one time.  I loaded up on bacon and potatoes on my plate as well, hash browns were money also to eat.  Check this one out, especially if you have this deal.
2	We waited in line for about 25 minutes to get seated. Well I felt pretty disappointed overall to say the least. The lamb and pork were edible. Can't say as much for the chicken and beef. Kind of sad when the best things on the buffet were the vegetables and dessert. Even then heck I feel as a decent cook I could have done something much more flavorful. For about eighties buck a couple I could have stayed home and made an outrageous gourmet meal. Really can't really recomend this bloated fare to anyone high or low who enjoys buffets.
4	We went here for dinner.  Overall it was a good buffet! The truffle pasta and brie and bacon mac n cheese were my favorites.  The desserts were delicious, esp the nutella/banana made to order crepe, and creme brulle.  HOWEVER!In the 90 minutes we were there, our waitress came by to refill our drinks ONCE- and that was within 5 minutes of us receiving our first round.  She was rarely around to clear our dirty plates, we usually had to seek out a bus boy to take them.  And my aunt compared their service and attitude comparable to the service and attitude you would find in Paris itself (enough said on that!)  But their delicious food will still keep me coming back despite this :)
4	The food the food the food!  OMG, the food!  Lots of yummy tidbits to taste, presented nicely.  And lots of different cuisine.  And then there was the bottomless mimosa option for $11.99.  So worth it!
2	So the wait was forty five mins in a very long long line at 9:00 in the evening. The hostess was very disconnected from being helpful and welcoming customers. No hello no smile just obviously trying to stay far away from the hostess podium. Then we were finally seated after our super long wait and our waitress didn't welcome us at all and was basically dismissive of us because we came in using a groupon. So all the meats and fish were gamy tasting but the desserts were delicious and the Cesar salad so I have it two stars
4	Came here for their lunch buffet.The lineup moves relatively quickly (plenty of seating), which is always a good thing.The inside reminded me of Beauty and the Beast (Disney), as it really does look like a somewhat cartoony French village.  They did a really good job on this one.The food is of decent quality.  Plenty of seafood (snow crab but no Alaska king crab).  I really liked the pasta, especially the macaroni and cheese (go figure).  The cheese section is a good way to try the various types out there if you've never had too much exposure in the past.One head-scratcher is that there's a sushi section.  Don't get me wrong, it's of decent quality even by Vancouver standards.  I just wonder if Napoleon packed that in his lunch when heading off to battle.The desserts are top notch.  Hello chocolate, sugar, and diabetes.Service is good overall.The washrooms here are pretty small and cramped, so you may want to use the facilities in the main casino area instead.While this is no Baccanal buffet (which is also costs $25 more), Le Village does hold its own, and is a great place to gorge oneself.
3	Finally! After trying to eat here on 2 or 3 other vacations, I ate at here!!The line is always long at prime meal hours, so get there early!!  We ate our late lunch/early dinner at like 3:30 - no problem, since we had to make it an early night because we were leaving to drive to Disneyland the next morning at 4 am!The selection is not as vast as I envisioned, but there was a lot to choose from.  We made about 3 or 4 rounds, and I was ready to roll out of there afterward.  I really can't remember what I grabbed - some salad, some meats, roasted veggies, more meat, crab legs (pre split for your convenience!), crepes, ice cream, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!  Most of the food was good, fresh and well prepared.  I had a small serving of roast beef that was a little dry.Service was kinda slow - we had to wave down our server to get refills on drinks and our plates weren't taken away as fast as we would have liked them to.I don't think I'll be returning to this buffet, but I'm glad I finally got to eat hear - crossing it off my Vegas Eats list!
4	The girlfriend got a deal off Groupon for lunch for two with all you can drink for $36. We came here the Monday after EDC; you're probably asking a buffet after EDC? I know it sounds terrible, but surprisingly I had a great time. It was my first time at the Paris buffet; but I've been to the wicked spoon, Wynn buffet and the one at Caesar's so I thought this place wasn't going to compare. The wait was short for a Vegas buffet, I think we only had to wait 15-20 minutes before we were seated. Now onto the review itself!3 stars for the food, they have a decent selection of sea food and French cuisines. My favorite is the bouillabaisse?? (spell check please haha) Our server was really nice and was on top of everything. The dessert section was pretty lacking, and it only has two flavors of ice cream.+1 star for the all you can drink, honestly after the 5th mimosa everything tasted the same. Of course being Asian, we have to get every drop of liquor out of my money. So we went for about 5 more. I had a lot of fun with my friends here, if you get a chance to buy the Groupon definantly take advantage. It's great value! Other than that it's a typical Vegas buffet.
5	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. French style cuisine, so don't expect tacos and orange chicken. Excellent selection and superior quality food. Best part is the baker will custom make your Crepe to your liking.  Delicieux
4	As a breakfast buffet, this is 5 stars. Especially if you are doing the "Buffet of Buffets" and this is your breakfast after a huge buffet dinner the night before. I think it's the best breakfast buffet in Vegas for the money (Bacchanal is outright better, but is also more expensive).As a dinner or lunch buffet, it's really just a 3. There isn't much special here. Most of the "interesting" dishes are better done elsewhere. It's hard to justify this being your selection for those meals unless you happen to be staying in the hotel.Four stars.
2	Who the heck told me that Paris has the BEST breakfast buffet??? I need to punch you.Okay, man who made fresh omelettes to my liking, I liked you.  BUT THAT'S ALL!  I could eat the exact same yummy omelette every morning in a dorm cafeteria, I wouldn't exactly call the omelette at Le Village extra special.And the rest!?  Scrambled eggs 10 ways.  Whacksauce!!!!!!!  Crepe station....meh.  And don't be fooled into thinking the pastries are just like France either....they are SO not.That'll be $22.99 for the omelette that I liked.  Oh dear!  I would so rather eat a breakfast sandwich at Earl's.  At least I came at 7:30 and didn't have to wait in the hour line that was formed by the time I finished.So I didn't exactly pay $22.99, I did the 24 hour buffet pass...And well,  I decided to come back here for lunch to see if it could redeem itself.Verdict?  The prime rib was good, but the only excellent item was the creme brulee.Overall, the wait here is way too long and the food is not good enough to make up for it.  Not the complete picture but let's just say breakfast and lunch didn't impress me enough to ever try dinner.  COLLECT  $79.97 (breakfast: 22.99, lunch 23.99, and dinner 32.99) and PASS GO. As in, go somewhere else.
4	My favorite buffet in Vegas! Their breakfast selection is sooo good! Tips:- if you're staying at least 2 days in Vegas, get the buffet of buffet deal! It will save you a lot of money if you decide to just eat at buffets.- come to Le Village buffet EARLY for dinner because the wait can go anywhere from 20mins-an hour!
4	Best breakfast buffet in Vegas!
4	Try their crepes! Don't be discouraged by the crepe line wait in the morning, it's worth the wait! They make them for lunch as well and the line is shorter.
2	Years ago this buffet was very good, now it's just average. The service was very slow and the food bland. There are too many good places to eat in Las Vegas. I would only pick this buffet if it was a comp.
4	Best LUNCH Buffet Deal Ever from Groupon$2.92 was the damageLunch Buffet for two including unlimited alcohol!I don't know why but I was totally in love with the Caesar salad! Highlights of our experience:prime ribbbq lambseafood souppork bellythey make crepes fresh, right in front of youunlimited champagne
4	On saturday they have mimosa for brunch. The food selection is pretty diverse, but you need to try the lamb and the crepes. The crepes across the street is like $8 and it is exactly the same stuff. I really liked the nutella and banana crepe. The ambiance is pretty nice, they have some very interesting paintings hanging on the walls in some of the rooms...
5	I cant wait to go back!! Everything its so delicious and its unlimited :)
2	Me and my boyfriend were at the Paris buffet last Sat. night and I want to say that it was horrible, food looked old. The service was horrible, they took forever to get refills. My boyfriend got sick right after he finished eating.We will never ever go back to that place.
1	Lunch was such a disappointment :( im not sure if it was because we went to the M resort buffet the day before but this place literally suckedd. We came here for Friday lunch and first of all they charged us full price without even asking if we had players card. Then there was nothing to eat and the prime rib was just ok and for the other meat dishes the meat was so tough i had a hard time putting my knife through it. I was still hopeful for the ready made crepes but they failed to satisfy. The berry crepe was wayyy too sweet and the savory crepe was just so-so. Even the bread wasn't so good- I mean i've had better bread from my local supermarket. The one thing better than the M resort was the creme bru le but it wasn't amazing or anything :/ Overall the food was very disappointing and our waitress was nowhere to be seen for most of the time.
4	Went for lunch.The food was really good. I left happy.
4	I just went back to the Paris, exactly a year after my last visit, and had an even better experience.  While the menu has stayed substantially the same, some of the dishes I complained about before have been improved.  The cavapatti pasta in truffle sauce from the region of Provence, for example, is now so delicious that it wouldn't feel out of place at a Michelin star restaurant.  The bland mac & cheese from last year, now features brie and bacon and manages to satisfy grown up and kids alike.  And the quiche is more flavorful.A winner this time that I don't remember form last year is pork belly in the Alsace region.  Delicious flavor, fork tender and moist. Try it.  The creme brulee has also improved, the custard had a good flavor that stood up to the burnt sugar.  Even the kids liked it.  Chocolate desserts were out of this world, and my crepe this time - with banana, chocolate sauce and hazelnuts, was just magnificent.Service this time was much better, and while we got there later, at 6 PM, we didn't have to wait in line.The one big negative was that I was expecting both of my children, 8 and 11, to have to pay the child's price listed on the Paris website ($18) - but once there I was told only children 8 and under qualify as "children" .  I understand the need to make money and all, but I felt it was pretty deceptive to redefine commonly understood terms to maximize their profits.
3	Decent buffet. Good variety with good taste.  You will find dishes that cannot be found in other buffets in Las Vegas.  But, I don't think it's worth $30 price.  I would rather go to a restaurant that serves individual dishes.
4	In terms of buffets in Vegas, Le Village is one my absolute favorites! I feel like it gets overlooked and often time forgotten, but ugh that's fine. More food for me!I like to eat in places that are well lit, especially in buffet settings as I like to know exactly what's in my food (did somebody's grubby hand pick up and placed back down my cupcake?!), but I've never had a problem here. Everything's really delicious and cooked well every single time I've been here (dinner only).It's reasonably priced for the variety and choices available. I think there might even be a groupon floating around for this place.
3	I'm not a fan of crepes, so it's obvious where this review is going. Lunch was good. Definitely glad we chose to do the buffet of buffets, otherwise we would have been upset had we paid regular price.
4	Le Village Buffet (Paris)Las Vegas Strip, NV9am Tuesday 6th August 2013Four StarsNo matter the day or how early we get up, there is always a line which is sort of a testament of how good this brunch buffet is.  After 30 minutes in line, we paid $22 for the Buffet and $12 for AYCD (Mimosas/Bloody Mary's).  I ate 7 types of meat (Bacon, Turkey Bacon, Canadian Bacon, Smoke Bacon, Ham, Andouille, and Corned Beef), 4 types of Potatoes, (Regular Hash Browns, Triangle Hash Browns, Potato Lyonese, and Hash, and 3 types of eggs (poached, scramble, omelet).  I also enjoyed an asparagus, chicken, cheese and tomato crepe with a garlic cream sauce.   I love Buffets because you can make your own unique food.  I took one of their mini waffles and topped it with a poached egg, Hollandaise, and Corned Beef & Hash.  The service was slow on my mimosas, I only enjoyed 4 flute glasses worth.
3	I really don't like buffets too much, and I really don't like breakfast (yet that's when we were there).  Other than that, the food was good and plentiful, and the service was good too.  The crepe was fun to watch being made but on mine there was a seemingly minor ingredient substitution (fresh but not fully ripened tomato for sun-dried tomato) that was a detractor more than anything else.Best item: slab bacon, cut to order.  Runners up: crepes made to order, sausage, sausage, and more sausage; sweet polenta.  Favorite of the crowd appeared to be the omelet station... of which I did not partake, but the line was always present so good things must have been happening there.
3	PROS:- The selection of food here is good. They have crab legs. You can make your own crepes. The meats here tastes good, such as prime rib.CONS:- This place always has one of the longest lines for a buffet in Vegas. I had to wait at least 1 hour every time.- The place is not as spacious as other big buffets.
4	I've tried maybe a total 7 buffets out on the strip (including Wynn & Mandalay) and I used to think that Bellagio was the best (still have to try Cosmo & Caesars,) but now Bellagio might have the share that ranking with Le Village Buffet from Paris Casino.I thought they had an eclectic mix as opposed to your typical buffet with pork belly, chicken caccitorie and beef bourgurgmon served in miniature iron skillets.  Bellagio's pastas are better, but Paris is a close second.  I dunno if I ran across a Vegas buffet that serves lamb, but Paris does.  I didn't really venture off to the salad bar because I opted for the spinach & artichoke as well as some of the steamed vegetables.The desserts are pretty similar to Bellagio & Wynn, but hopefully you had enough of the main selection to not even think of heading in that direction.pointers:  if you have a free Total Rewards card, that reduces the price and you can even reduce the fee even more by clicking into Paris Casino on Foursquare and get a $5.00 off voucher that you have show your phone at the Total Rewards booth in the casino.
1	The worst buffet of all time!!!!! Need I say more??  First off, we passed here a few times while staying at Bally's, each time we passed the line was RIDICULOUS!! So we kept walking...well one morning waking up hungover & starving we decided to head for the closest buffet in hopes that it wouldn't be too long of a wait, after all it was a Thursday morning!! We get there and it was the shortest we had seen, YES, SCORE! ...NOT!!! We get in line & pay rather quickly but after you pay you wait....& wait..... & wait....& wait some more!!! They are smart, they make you pay before you realize how long you really have to wait!! So we finally get almost to the front, the hostess takes the party of 2 that's ahead of us to a table but NEVER RETURNS!!!!!! We stood there about 15 minutes in the front of the line!!  While we stood there wondering if she would ever return we saw a few waitresses pass by, a manager pass twice, another worker come answer the phone & argue with a customer on the phone...not one of those people said "is anyone helping you?" Or "sorry about the wait" or "someone will be right with you"! Really?! What kind of manager walks by with no care of how his guests are being taken care of! At one point I said to my husband lets just go seat ourselves, Who would notice??? NO ONE!!!! Finally a different hostess comes from behind us in the line to start her shift, the other hostess had left on break or something with no one covering her!!! There were about 20 empty tables, SOMEONE could've sat us!! ......anyways as you can tell I was furious with this "service" (especially after spending 22.99 a person) !!! Moving on to the food... I thought please Paris redeem yourself with this food!! Nope...terrible! It's like they are trying too hard to be fancy...the food Is roasted potatoes, garlic Brussels sprouts, mashed potatoes, Mac & cheese, sausages, pork & a few other random things. It was all gross! The best thing Is the ice cream, if you do decide that you just have to go here, get the ice cream.In addition I've been to plenty of buffets in Vegas this is by far THE WORST!!
2	Hostesses are very inefficient causing 50 min wait in line for breakfast at 9:30 a.m. Most items are extremely salty and the quality of food in general is subpar compare to other better known buffets in neighboring casinos. Not worth the wait and money. Drink plenty of water.
4	Came by for buffet and purchased the Buffet of Buffet 24-hour wristbands.There was a small line out the door. Wait was about 30 minutes. The ceiling was all painted with the blue sky look and the servers, although experienced, were dressed in fairy tale costumes.The food here was on point. The creme brulee was excellent as were the macaroons. All the other food exceeded my expectations for a buffet. The smoked salmon was very fresh and the crab legs were excellent as well. I like how the crab legs were sliced in half, so that I was able to merely scoop the meat out with a spoon. I was surprised to find out champagne was included in the meal!I should have come back again within 24-hours, but I wanted to give the other buffets a try. This one was the best I had of the other ones I've tried.
3	Lot of selection, the decor is really pretty and the atmosphere is much different than most places.  The staff is very friendly (especially that gentleman that was doing the carvery early in the morning - A super friendly black guy).  He was super nice and deserved a tip, but he doesnt have a tipping bowl.  The crepe and omlette in the morning have tipping bowls, and if I don't tip I get the most rudest and mean service for getting one of them ever.  I mean, for something like an omelette or crepe where they're just doing their job, I don't see why I would tip.  I'm glad to tip for people who provide me with service and give me a smile regardless, then I go back to tip... but out of all buffets, this is the only place that literally has gigantic tip bowls and they expect you to tip (not like you've already paid for the buffet and need to tip the server as well).  Shady to me, also the service if you don't tip is offensive!Anyways, the food is okay, and the crepes are okay as well..
2	I have been to this buffet a few times and the food and service has been great...but today not so much.Our waiter was ok...but refused to bring warm crab legs to the table which is one of the perks of being a "diamond member." Finally had to get testy with him and he brought the crab legs. There were no soup bowls for the soup, and that's completely unacceptable at a buffet, keep your dishes stocked people! The food was ok...but seemed to be lacking in the quality I was used too.I'm hoping that I just came on a bad day...I may give this place another try, but I was really disappointed in today's experience.
5	This is my favorite place to have brunch when I'm in Vegas. So many yummy breakfast entrees to choose from + they have all these amazing grilled meats available during brunch. It's a nice place to have brunch on your first morning in Vegas during a trip. Not too heavy & the atmosphere is nice.
3	Nice place, a good wide variety of foods to choose from. also a good variety of deserts. free glass of wine. Very good service.
3	This is based off my vegas-buffet experience of only trying this place... ever.  So take that for what it is worth. One, got a deal on group-on for a mid-week dinner at like half price.  So did everyone else it seems and even on a Tuesday (I think it was a Tuesday) the line was long.  Waited an hour to be seated at a table empty and void of napkins and utensils- but told the server would be by to bring wine soon and that we were free to begin getting food.  Party of four.  Two took off to get food, when they came back still no server.  They looked puzzled about where they were suppose to get a fork.  So I looked around and found a couple of employees hanging out chatting at a side station- asked them "excuse me, where do we find utensils?"  Without answering they proceeded to gather napkins and silverware for me in an aggressive and annoyed manner.  Sorry- guess I wasn't suppose to interrupt your chit-chat.  Heading back to my table our server arrived with place-settings in hand so I no longer needed them to which I got glares in response.  So... Fail.  -1 for service.Food wise- hit and miss!  With a lot of miss!  Its a buffet, so I cannot say I expected much but the middle-eastern/greek stuff hidden back in a corner- should have stayed in the corner.  Steamed veggies on the other hand were good.  Brussels Sprouts were delicious!  The standout though was the crepes!!!  I had to wait around a bit for the crepe making guy to come back and it was totally worth it!  SUPER DELICIOUS!  If I were to go back I would skip everything but the crepes!  GO GET THE CREPES!  Also, the creme brulee was good!  And I am not usually into creme brulee.Decor is hokey and while nothing was dirty- I just didn't get the feeling of clean here...
4	I went here on a groupon, I have to say BEST CREME BRULEE EVER. Often I don't like creme brulee because it has a weird burnt taste. Maybe I am just too much of a plebe to understand the joy of it. However, I LOVED it here.The place is sort of interesting because we went on a monday and the line was ENORMOUS. We stood in line for a while and were checked in and god two bottles of wine which was pretty terrible, but it was with our meals so I couldn't complain about it too much. Also we were seated at a table, which had no utensils and it took them forever to get u the utensils.I personally thought that the food was very good for a buffet type setting. If the food was not in the buffet medium I probably would be more harsh on it, but for what it was, it was pretty decent. The dolma were kinda aweful, but the different stews and pasta dishes were very decent especially considering the medium of buffet. The decor wasn't anything to write home about, and I don't know if I would go back, but it is an awesome place to take your family to eat.
3	Regarding the lunch - food was dry, barely warm, down hill experience to never return... until the desserts... their crepes were a knockout! What an amazing surprise!
3	What pissed me off was the waiting, first time  FAIL to wait, i abandoned my spot and left to find somewhere else to eat, i was starving, make matter worst i had already waited 40 minutes and there was still like 30 people in front!!!! wtf why so slow? i saw from outside plenty and i mean plenty of tables... so i dunno why it takes em so long to seat people. By the time i went somewhere else to have dinner and finished eating, i still would have been waiting at the line at le village buffet :/Second time, we made reservations (yes it takes reservations) came around 10am for brunch. Only waited like 5 minutes for a table. Most remarkable was the omelet station and the crepe station, very friendly chefs and very good food. Next time i will skip this buffet or i mean its enormous annoying line and go straight across to eat a crepe at La Creperie or a baguette at JJ's Boulangerie ;)
3	If there was anything that was hard to find, it's this buffet in the Paris hotel. The line was long and the price was decent. When I finally got a table, I started my food hunt at the buffet. Most of the French food here is country style (bouillabaisse, ratatouille, etc). Since I wasn't much of a stew person, the best thing here that stood out for me was the crepe station. Oh, and the little cuts of pork in a tiny cast iron skillet (are they imitating the Wicked Spoon?). If only they had duck confit when I was there that afternoon. Le sigh.
4	Started our 24 buffet pass here for breakfast.  Wow - what great food.  Made to order crepes and omelets, Brioche French Toast, all types of European sausages and other meats.  My only disappointment was I was expecting more pastries for a French Buffet.The atmosphere  is beautiful.  Very open.  Feels like you're outside.  The service was the only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars.  They take your drink order when you're seated.  Most buffets have the drinks there when you return.  Well, we had to ask again for them.  Also, flagging someone down to get another fork was challenging.  These are minor things though as the food was amazing.  I would go back here for breakfast anytime.  Might even try lunch and/or dinner next time.
4	Normally I go to a to fill up on food after working out or not eating, basically looking for quantity and decent quality food.  I don't expect to have a 3 star Michelin experience a buffet or even a 1 star.In Vegas most of the buffets are decent with the standard prime rib (which is probably "choice" and not "prime") and other favorites like crab and shrimp.  This was the first time that I've been to Le Village Buffet and will probably make it a place to go when ever I'm in Vegas.First off, the variety is top notch with a full array of a French menu.  What really surprised me was the braised pork belly with apple and sweet potato.  It was juicy with just enough fat to really add flavor.  And by the way, exercise dieticians state that you need fat in your diet to provide energy for your work outs.  Other things to try are the macaroni in a truffle cream sauce (probably ground truffles or truffle oil), crepes (both savory and sweet) and vegetable side dishes (which I usually avoid since you need to maximize your dollar value).They had shrimp and crab legs, which I guess can be considered French cuisine, except it was just blanched and served cold. What was weird was the small section of sushi with a couple of trays of tekka maki and California role.  I guess they wanted to cater a little to the Japanese tourists.  But the ones I saw were eating everything but the sushi.Now the important part...the desserts!  Creme brulee, flan, macaroons, crepes, frozen custard, bread pudding, fruit tarts and lots of cookies.  Yes, I tried them all.I don't really like the macaroons, but I had to give them a try.  Still don't like them.If you want to go to a Vegas buffet, go directly to Paris.  In my opinion its the best on the strip!
3	My family bought 2 groupons. Each includes a bottle of wine and the buffet for 2 people. We got there early so we did not have to wait in line. However, the line was long when we were leaving. They had a wide variety of French food - they even had sushi. Not sure how that fits the French theme but people seemed to enjoy it.Food highlights:Pork bellyBrie and bacon Mac and cheeseDessert:Amazing!!Tina of macaronsSoft serve ice creamCookiesCarrot cakeOther cakes and cookies Our server was very nice and was constantly refilling our water glassesThe buffet was good - not the best in town but still enjoyable. The inside is decorated like old French streets.
2	Came here during labor day weekend, and ended up here because all the other buffet had 2 hour waits.  for $38 it was pretty disappointing.  the only descent protein was prime rib, roast turkey which were dismal.  i didn't love the potatoes au gratin either.  who can dislike potatoes.  their mash potatoes had lumps.  the king crab legs were tiny and cold.  the shrimp cocktail was okay.  not a lot of seafood variety at all.  the only descent thing was their crepe - the batter was really nice.  and their creme brulee was really decandent.   if i was patient, i would have gone to Caesars and shelled out $10 more.
5	We did the "Buffet of Buffets", and this was our first stop, and man, was it worth it!Just the Crepes alone made our day, we went 2 times for breakfast, we loved the Crepe station, the first day we ordered the Sweet kind, and the second day, we had the savory ones, wow!!  Delicious!  All the stations had something really good to offer, like the omelet stations, the meats and deli, sausages, bacon, you name it!!  All kinds of preparation for potatoes: roasted, a la Dauphinoise, scalloped, fried, mashed, etc!Salads, sweets, loved the dessert presentations!!Gotta try it!
4	Have been to this buffet before but not recently. Used a groupon for dinner buffet last week that included a bottle of wine (they said they were out of wine & substituted a bottle of charmat bulk process champagne) OUT OF WINE? Really?Anyway the service was ok, the wait was not long as we went early on a weekday, and it's definitely worth going to especially if you get a discount. People who complain about the wait should get used to the fact that if they go to a strip buffet in the summer at prime time they are not the only one's going!Pluses are snow crab is pre split & fairly tasty & easy to eat, dessert selection is above average & I agree creme brulee really good, A decent selection of choices. Minuses are salad bar selection a little thin (I wish they had some artichoke hearts) but anchovies to top your salad is a nice touch. They were out of the beef bougignon when I passed that station.
4	We used a groupon for lunch.  We dont normally do buffets unless we have a coupon and I thought it was 1 of the better buffets in Vegas.  Food was very fresh.
4	Prime Rib. One and done.The brie & bacon Mac n Cheese was outstanding. Pork chops were tender, the list goes on. What was really impressive was their customer service. We bought a dinner for 2, then saw a Groupon for the same buffet. We were refunded and seated right away with endless Blue Moon and Mimosas. The life....
4	Took me by surprise, this is a really great buffet. I love the ambiance (and the macaroons). The food selection is great, every entree could hold it's own as a $10 plate at a nice cafe. My one complaint, and it did bug me (and my Mom) was they have cobblestone walkways, and loud carts EVERYWHERE. The whole meal you will hear 'rattle rattle rattle,' 'rattle rattle rattle,' 'rattle rattle rattle,' BAH!Anyways, still great food, will return especially when I stay at Ballys or Paris.If you are going soon check Groupon for the dinner and wine deal ;)
4	I came here on labor day weekend I had their brunch. We had purchased the 24 hour buffet pass and came here for our last meal and the brunch was pretty awesome! The line wasn't long at all and they had everything from your standard breakfast with eggs and bacon and biscuits and gravy to greek food and even some crab legs but they weren't monstrous. Additionally, this place has a crepe station and they had a menu with sweet and savory crepes to pick from. I also enjoyed the roast beef and the real slabs of bacon they had. Additionally with the buffet you get unlimited mimosa and they constantly refill it.
4	You are eating in Paris! The ceilings are painted like the sky, the floor is like a street side, there are eating alcoves designed like parisian cottages, there are street signs and trees etc. The decor is fantastic. There is a large variety to choose from, some I would check eat station out before making selections. My personal favorites include the cork screw pasta with truffle oil, mushrooms, and asparagus, also the potato leek soup, the macarons, the crepes both sweet and savory, they make them from scratch for you, as well as the lamb in the back corner. I also enjoyed the tomato mozzarella salad, the mussels, and my boyfriend said the pork was delicious. We went here fo lunch twice and breakfast once. They have french toast, pancakes, belgium waffles, all different eggs, eggs benedict etc. The breads looked great but I didn't want o waste any space. All of the staff is friendly and will answer any of your questions. I also happened to have met the assistant pastry chef and he was really nice to talk to. I really enjoyed this buffet, it had quality along with quantity.
5	I love this buffet! There are only two thing I eat here: Crepes and slab of bacon! The world is right when I am here. everything else here is good but this makes it great
4	I don't really get the low ratings at all... we were absolutely in love with this place!We did the 24-hour buffet of buffets and we liked the food here so much we came here for lunch AND brunch.I don't understand people's complaints about lack of selection... how much food do you need?!? They had pretty much every kind of protein (fish, beef, pork, shellfish) and several different types of starches and vegetables.  Personally, I loved the Brussels sprouts.My favorite - by FAR - was the omelette station.  Yummy!! The crepe station was pretty great, too.  My husband loved the crab legs.  The unlimited mimosas for brunch was a nice added bonus.All the food was really flavorful...none of that bland other crap we had at some other buffets.  While a little corny and "Disney-ish", I actually really enjoyed sitting in the little village that they created inside Paris.  It was cute.There was a line for the buffet, but not as long as at some of the other buffets we saw (like Caesar's) and it moved fairly well.  I think we stood in line for 20 minutes, which for a Saturday at 10:00am really wasn't bad.  There was no line at all when we came for lunch on Friday.I would highly recommend this buffet!!
3	We aren't really big buffet fans and other than a 2 for 1 breakfast buffet at the Golden Nugget this is the only other Buffet we did in 8 days in Vegas. AND we had an excellent Groupon for two for $34 that included a bottle of wine (turned out to be a LARGE bottle too), and was good enuf and a deal. If I had paid $25 a piece plus without the groupon and bottle of wine this would be my A-OK 3 star rating. We really like the Paris property, and the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant is a favorite.We leaned heavy here on the cold seafood, and salads, much less so on the meats and we thought it was a good buffet. Very good crepe bar, and some nice sides like cheese assortments, french onion soup, smoked salmon, LOTS of deserts and ice cream bar of course.The wait is annoying and seems unnecessary since they have more seating usually, they need to improve something on their end. We waited 40 minutes at 8pm on a Sunday night. It's also pretty loud in there on a faux cobble stone street with those carts bouncing around. Table seating however was very nice and we weren't crammed on top of other people. I recommend it, but check GROUPON, seems like that deal is always up. Don't forget the crepe bar.
1	If you're looking to quickly get in and get out buffet...this is not the place. We have waited almost 1 hour and 30 minutes (on a Monday!). Quite ridiculous. There is 40-50 people in line at a time with only 1-2 cashiers. Staff is not the friendliest and you have to find the manager if you want to make a complaint. They say, "you have to find a worker with a walkie talkie to grab the manager". All in all, even if we can on a groupon deal, we won't be back. Very disappointed in the line system. Not to mention the unapologetic management.
5	Best buffet (so far that I've tried) in Vegas! Thanks to groupon we got an amazing deal for dinner for 2 + bottle of wine, so it was well worth it. Food I liked the most were the pastas and a meat dish that was served in individual mini cast-irons. My favorite part though were the custom crepes... omggggg, I wish I had room for 2, but this place left me stuffed. I also love the decor, kind of similar to the real thing and really does look/feel like "a village." Def recommend.
5	The BEST buffet I've ever had and certainly the best I've had in Vegas. It's inside of The Paris and easy to find. The food selection was outstanding and the quality of flavors and ingredients was mind-blowing. All-you-can eat and a glass of wine for $31 and it was SO good.
1	Wish i can give thus place zero star.  First off, service does not exist.  There was thus fat old mexican lady histess and she was rude as fuck.  That alone ruin our appetite.  As for food,  it taste slightly better than hometown buffet.  I expect more from french cooking.
4	I like Le Village Buffet.  I think it's a unique buffet with the French spin giving it a little different feel than others.  What I really like there is the crepe station.  I always get the mushroom crepe and it's delicious, but I have trouble eating anything big at a buffet so I always end up wasting it.  I need someone with me who also likes mushrooms!  I also love the cheese selection, although I thought the selection during this most recent  visit was a little too "American"... where was the brie?  I like unusual cheeses so would have liked more of that.  I kind of filled up on little salads and cheese and the crepe, but then of course, headed to the carving station for some Prime Rib and accompanied that with some cavatappi with cream and truffle and a couple types of roasted potatoes.  I was a little disappointed with the Prime Rib as it was a little overcooked... no pink to be seen, but it was still moist and fairly tender, so that was something.  Had trouble tracking down condiments and condiment containers which is a little frustrating, but the breads were yummy.The worst part of the food is the desserts.  They are pretty weak unless you love macaroons, but they do sweet crepes at the crepe station, so if you still have room, that's a great option.We got lucky on this visit and walked right into the main line without being in any switchbacks, yet it still took us a good 30 minutes before we got seated and they had a the whole back overflow area completely empty!  After we got in line, the switchbacks behind us filled up so on Monday night, apparently 7:15 is the time to arrive!  We were offered a complimentary glass of wine, which was cool, but we stuck to our sodas and other than that our waitress wasn't all that.  So service here was "meh", but we enjoyed our meal and I will go back.We were on the Buffet of Buffets, so it was included in our buffets, but those paying were paying $33 for this dinner.  Also, I've been here for weekend brunch and it includes champagne, so that's not a bad deal even though you aren't getting Moet & Chandon.
4	My favorite out of all the Buffet of Buffets! Food was delicious and servers ultra friendly
3	We saw the groupon deal and hadn't visited this buffet in over 10 years so we decided to try it again.  Our favorite buffet in Vegas the last couple years has been the Wynn, which is what we use as a marker now.  This didn't come close to matching the comparison, but with the groupon it wasn't a bad deal.  The Brie and bacon macaroni and cheese was by far our favorite dish, and I enjoyed the crepe station.  The soups were good, the beef bourguignon was authentic according to my husband that lived in France for a couple years.  I'm giving it three out of five stars because we decided it wouldn't be a place we would return to and pay full price - not worth the money.
4	About 10 years ago, Le Village Buffet knocked Rio World Buffet out of first place for my favorite buffet in Vegas. My favorite was brunch because we would go in and make sure we got our $25 worth of complimentary champagne. Now that Caesar's has bought Paris, there have been some subtle changes to the buffet. First off, they started charging $12 for beverages (OK, I'll take some responsibility for that one). Still a pretty reasonable price. I think the actual buffet price has gone down a little, so it makes it fair for those who don't imbibe alcoholic beverages. The food was always every French dish you could think of from Alsatian sausages and cassoulet to salads nicoise from Provence, it was all there. Now, they seem to have simplified the selection (although they still have cassoulet and salad nicoise) and made it more like every other buffet in Vegas. This was most apparent when I saw they had sushi rolls near the cold seafood. Really? Although I'm a little disappointed in the sell out, the food is still really good quality and has enough unique dishes that sets it apart. However, that first place spot is teetering on the edge. I'm going to see what Baccanal buffet has to offer.
2	I bought a groupon deal and had dinner here on a Sunday night. Came here around 7ish & holy Hera the wait was about 45 min long! When we finally got seated, our server took forever to get our drinks and we had to wait for utensils. Food here is definitely overrated and I honestly did not think I got my money's worth even though I got a "deal" on it. The only good things were prime rib and the crepes. Macaroons were over done and tasted like they were 1+ days old. Everything else was meh & dessert was almost like out of a hometown buffet. I will not be coming back here.
4	This is not a bad buffet at all.  It isn't the Bellagio or MGM but you do get above average cuisine for what you pay.  It has the standard offerings of Asian, Italian, Mediterranean, Mexican, seafood and the carving station.  The prime rib was good...juicy & pink.  Thank God, no hot dogs & hamburgers!  The bottle of wine that is available at dinner is a plus.  Will I return?  Sure.  I'd come back again.
3	Came back here for a Friday lunch because of a Groupon deal and the food was just decent this time. There were no crab legs (guessing because it's a weekday) and most of the desserts tasted just alright. THAT CREME BRULEE STILL ON POINT, THOUGH.
5	There was a wait at lunch, about 25 minutes give or take, definitely doable, though unnecessary because they had tons of tables. I guess they think that's acceptable to people so they don't pay for more waiters. The food was excellent and great quantity of choices. Very satisfied.
4	This place was pretty good. The selection was good and we found it had the best dessert table of all of the buffets that are similarly priced. We got the 24hr wristbands and found that this was the best option for a dinner buffet.
3	Service at lunch was pretty lousy (took forever to clear empty plates), and the food, other than the crepes, was average.  The crepe station is awesome though, and the guy making the crepes was both nice and funny.  There were a lot of mussel options, so if you like mussels you might enjoy this place a little more than I did.  There was nothing terrible about the experience, it just did not wow me in any way.  And, as silly as it sounds, if you are going to have sushi you should also have pizza.  One more annoying thing was the guy trying to sell you the picture of you that they take before the meal.  Give me a break.
4	I eat here every single time I come to Vegas.  It has a great location, and it carries the 2nd best buffet food (in my opinion) of all the buffets the Caesar's group has to offer.  It is also eligible for the buffet of passes without paying extra.  Their crepe station is a must try.  Be sure to explore the entire buffet as it is pretty big, and has a lot of different foods to try.  The seating area is very large.  You shouldn't have a problem being seated.  Enjoy!
4	This place was great, although a ton smaller than I had imagined. I had been meaning to check this place out for a while, and was glad I did. There was no line on a Saturday night when we were there, which is a plus because I've seen outrageous lines here when walking through Paris. Dinner is $33.99There is a good selection of seafood and non-seafood items at the buffet, as well as a crepe bar, carving station and dessert area. The highlights were the juicy prime rib, freshly made crepes (both sweet or savory) and macaroons for dessert. The staff was very fast and efficient and seemed to clear our plates as we were done eating off of them. My only regret is that I didn't eat as much as I wanted to/could have because our friends were running late and by the time we had a couple plates it was already 9 pm...will definitely have to go back to check this place out again when I have more time. Definitely one of the better buffets on the strip
4	The crepes are a hit. Next time, I am just going to eat all the different crepes. I loved the flavors and choices. I enjoy french flavors and was impressed by the decadent choices. I was very happy but when I got to dessert they had a huge section but a lot of the same thing. Many macaroons which where soft and yummy but it was a small selection compared to other buffets on the strip. I must have either eaten too much or eaten something not good because I got sick after I ate and I rarely get sick. But all in all, I was very happy and with the groupon, I definitely got a good deal!
5	I would give 4 stars for the buffet itself, but it's the customer service from the manager Steve that makes this place 5 stars. The buffet is pretty large and they have a wide selection for dinner. There's multiple stations, including my favorite, the crepe station! I came here for the dinner buffet at around 3:30pm, so everything was super fresh. The prime rib was super tender and the crab legs were pre-cut and juicy. The crepe station had made-to-order sweet and savory crepes. My bf and I tried the banana and nutella crepe and the blueberry and raspberry crepe; both were AMAZEBALLS! The dessert station had a large selection, including creme brulee, creme caramel, ice creme, and an assortment of macaroons. Our Groupon for the meal included wine; the price for each glass would otherwise be $3 which is quite reasonable.To better explain why I decided to give this place 5 stars, I had a Groupon that actually expired in July. I stopped by in August to see if they would be willing to honor my Groupon. The manager Steve told me that he would be able to honor my Groupon the next time I was back in town. Today I went to the buffet, asked for Steve, and he allowed me to use my Groupon with no trouble at all. Now that's GREAT customer service!
4	Le Village proves that you don't have to have the biggest and most extravagant spread (that would be Bacchanal at Caesar's) to provide a thoroughly enjoyable experience.   As of October 2013, Le Village is the only buffet in Vegas that offers reservations through Open Table.  When you have a reservation, you by pass the line and go through a separate entrance parlor that is also used by Total Rewards Platinum and Diamond members.   Waiting in line for 30 minutes to an hour for a buffet really stinks but with our reservation, we didn't wait at all!  And we were 15 minutes late for our reserved time.  One member of our party had Platinum status so it allowed us to use the special check in desk even if we hadn't had a reservation.  It also enabled us to be seated in a special area where we received special service.  What "special service" might you ask?  Our server was extra friendly but the great thing is that she offered to bring us steamed crab legs to our table!  At Le Village, the "common people" schlep up to the buffet line to help themselves and pick through the crab legs which are served cold.  Unlike at Bacchanal, where you can request the crab legs to be boiled and served hot, Le Village doesn't offer warm steamed crab legs except for the "status" diners.  And she brought hot bowl after bowl of hot juicy crab legs until we begged her to stop!  Being brought crab legs directly to your table elevates a buffet dining experience beyond the normal and makes dining so much more enjoyable.  After having gorged on so many crab legs, we only had enough room leftover to sample a few other dishes.  The only reason that I don't give Le Village 5 stars is because the selection of dishes doesn't rival that of Bacchanal.  But I actually did enjoy the crab legs better at Le Village because they were brought to our table and also they are not salty, unlike at Bacchanal.Aside from the food, we also loved the slightly kitschy atmosphere of the French village.  The macarons and other desserts were very good (albeit not a huge variety like Bacchanal) and instead of standard soft serve, they offer frozen custard, which has a slightly different texture and richer taste.At the end of our meal, our server brought to our table of 5 people 10 chocolate bar lollipops shaped like the Eiffel Tower, 5 dark chocolate and 5 white chocolate.  We later saw these identical treats in a gift shop in the hotel for $3.50 each! I'd highly recommend getting Platinum status so that you can enjoy the benefits!  If you don't want to gamble a lot to earn your status, you can instantly get Platinum status if you apply for and get approved for the Total Rewards credit card.
3	I guess I'm not a huge fan of buffets HOWEVER this one is notably better than most of the buffets in Vegas, and here's why.The food selection AND quality are up to par.  Doesn't have that metallic or plastic taste like if it came from the bottom of a freezer.  The pasta with truffle sauce was absolutely amazing.  For me, of course, the drawback was the price but I personally like spending no more than $20 for an amazing lunch meal.  The other drawback were the crepes.  Now the dessert ones are great, from what I heard.  The meal crepes, however, can use some improving.  The chef asked me to wait a little longer for the cheese to melt inside the crepe which I thought was totally fine.  However upon indulgence, the cheese was not warm and not fully melted either.  Think of putting sliced cheese in the microwave then having someone cut the time short because everyone is in a hurry.  Yea, that kind of cheese consistency.Overall it's not too bad, but like I said I'm not a buffet kind of guy, but this did exceed my expectations.
1	Still undecided in how I'll review this. So far the service is by far some of the worst I've ever received. Haven't even eaten yet.CRAP crap CRAP crap CRAP crap service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!There are no words in how displeased I am....
4	After a night of blurred memories, this is the spot for some solid brunch. It gets crowded so expect to wait in line. Once you get in, ask for some mimosas to set you straight and go get some food. Breakfast items are the usual fare: potatoes, eggs, bacon, ham, omelettes, and other good stuff. Eggs benedict is good here. I personally went for the breakfast stuffs and crab legs. The desserts are very good here. Drink mimosas until you're ready to go out and start drinking again. If you don't eat good while you're here, you did it wrong.
1	Line was long and they had very deceitful advertising on the price of buffet. Friendly cashier, she listened to us complaining and she kinda took it but then charged us full price. :)
4	Very good buffet. LOVED the bananas foster crepe!
4	We came here on a Tuesday for lunch AYCE for $2.83 ($34.99 Groupon for 2 Lunch and wine buffet)- The last time I was here was four years ago for dinner, and from what I can remember, it hasn't changed much. One important thing I did try to look for in Lunch was crab, which they only have for dinner. Expected.  - They have a good selection of seafood stews! Loved the combination of mussels, scallops, and clams the best. I think it was called seafood bouillabaisse. I helped myself to 3 bowls. haha- Avoid the sushi. Pre-made. Hard. Not worth stomach space, if you know what I mean. - There was about 5 people ahead of me when I got my crepe, so there was about a 10 minute wait. They don't have just strawberries bc they have a frozen combination of pre-cut fruits, but the chef was nice enough to pick out just strawberries for me. I recommend not passing this up! Although not great, It's an alright alternative from paying the $11 crepe outside of Le Village. Haha. - I was slightly disappointed that their soups did not look fresh at the time. I love buffet soups. I did not get a soup this time. - The pastas were great. Definitely grab the cavatappi pasta with truffle cream! - Sides were delicious. I enjoyed the mac n cheese and scalloped potatoes. - The macarons were decent. A bit crispy and not too chewy. Wicked spoon is better. - They gave us a bottle of Copper Ridge white zinfindel, which was pretty good. The bottle is usually around $10 at the store, so it was a good deal!
4	First thing you do before visiting le village -- buy a groupon ($44 for two for dinner with a bottle of wine)Second thing you must do before coming here is book your table on Opentable. If you make a reservation through them you go through the VIP section instead of standing in line (and the line was long!)Overall, the buffet was pretty good, especially for the groupon price. Everything seemed a bit salty, but because none of us had eaten yet we all inhaled everything. The only thing that really stood out to me was the deserts. Both the creme brulee and the flan were amazing! None of us waited for the crepes, but they also looked really good.I probably won't be coming back if I have to pay full price, but if you can still snag the groupon definitely go!
4	Hi friends! Here are a few (hopefully useful) comments and tips about this place:1. The groupon is a big time money saver. I think each groupon was $44 (not including tax/tip obviously) and it included admission for 2 plus a bottle of wine. The wine isn't included usually but they were serving some complimentary wine while we were there. I don't know if they do that every night.2. Get in line for the prime rib. It was soooooo good. I am pretty sure I had about half a pound of meat while we were in there. Delicious.3. Just like in any buffet, dont fill up on carbs/salads. 4. The rest of the food was slightly to salty for my taste but overall it was still pretty good.5. If you do get the groupon (and the bottle of wine), do not order their cab. That thing tasted like vinegar. Luckily there were 4 of us in our party so we have some chardonnay as well. The white wine was surprisingly smooth. Next time we'll get 2 bottles of that.Overall pretty good buffet. The food was good, service was good, and the location inside the Paris couldn't have been better.The only reason I wouldn't go back would be for a lack of groupon. I think there are better options at $40 pp.
3	$32.99 for a Thursday dinner. One glass of wine included pp (cab, chardonney, or merlot). $1 off pp if you use your TR card. One TR card can give you that discount for up to 5 ppl the TR staff told me.Wine was good; it didn't give me a headache like most red wines do.The food is overall more dressed up American food than French. About 20% of the selection looked to be traditional French dishes.Service is quick about taking your plates away but slow to refill your water, get you a beverage, or clean an empty table. Service also seemed overwhelmed/annoyed if you asked for things. I asked one staff member for water and in response, she silently pointed at the server I should be asking. I was turned off by that and would have liked her to provide a more polite response.What is bizarre is that there is a line to get in that winds around twice in front of the buffet, but if you go inside, there are consistently about 20+ tables that are empty in the back section of the dining area. Why did we wait in line for about 20+ minutes to get seated when there were so many empty tables near the serving area?They make crepes right in front of you. It was good. Would have loved to finish mine except I was beyond full.The best dishes there were the pork and apples skillet and the seafood bouillabaisse. There is also a carving station for prime rib.In the dessert section, there is a variety of cookies, eclairs, cookies, ice cream, flan, creme brulee, macarons, and fresh fruit. The basket of pears was full of rotting pears. The flan was good; not the jell-o kind.Ambiance is okay. The place is a little bit dark.
5	excellent buffet!!!  I am not a fan of buffets at all BUT this place was amazing!!!!  Such a cute atmosphere, so much food and it actually tastes good!!  Me and the hubby literally rolled out of here!!!!! Oh and I almost forgot you HAVE to try the crepes!!!!
4	Came here for lunch based on a military special.  It was very good for the price ($24.99 regular price, kids under 4 free).  Favorites were the Sole Florentine, truffle cavatapi, and creme brulee. Crepes, prime rib, boullabaise, were also good.  One of the chefs whipped up some plain pasta for my son, who has a garlic allergy, and our server was very friendly.Downside was the line... We waited about an hour to get in. Once you get in, though, the only food we had to wait for was the crepes.It seemed like you could reserve a table on opentable if you do it the day before...
2	Food was okay and service was okay...the only benefit was booking on opentable so that you didn't have to wait in line.  If you are really hungry and just want okay lots of food then this is your place.
1	Just ate lunch here and not impressed. I have been to a few buffets on the strip and this is one of the worst. Runny potatoes, cold sausage, and just a bad selection. Take a walk down to planet Hollywood instead you won't regret it.This review was from July 2013.
4	We visited Le Village early on a Thursday night and were not sure what to expect based on the varying Yelp reviews. However, I must say that both my wife and I were pleasantly surprised. The wait was nearly nonexistent (it was early Thursday after all), and we were seated within five minutes despite having no reservation. Our server was friendly, but was clearly having to man a lot of duties, as it was a good 10 minutes between each visit. But of course any buffet lives and dies on the food, and the fare here ranges from average to surprisingly good. The highlights were the fantastic crepe station ("Le Singe", a banana and hazelnut crepe, was excellent), the flan, which was some of the best I've had buffet or otherwise, and the seafood offerings like bouillabaisse and arrabiata mussels. The other entries were all passable to good, and I cleared all three plates. The price might be a touch high, especially with the Bellagio across the street for a few dollars more, but I actually preferred this buffet to the Wynn which we are in the same week. It's a quaint French countryside take on the Vegas buffet and a fair choice for your bachanalian endulgence.
1	Get ready to wait for an hour just to sit down and eat, the service is horrible the buffet looks is half empty but for some reason it takes forever to be seated
4	As buffets go, this is a good one.  Plenty of meat caring for the carnivores.  Broad selection of fish and seafood for non-meat eaters.  The desserts are plentiful with a very French touch - crepes, macarons, etc.  The real treat was an unsuspecting pasta dish with asparagus and mushrooms with a light cheese sauce with truffle oil.  Head and shoulders over the scalloped potatoes or the mac & cheese with peas.
1	We got there late at 9 am.  Such A LONG line, but there were tons of tables so I don't understand.  Waited thirty minutes and left.  It was 11/11/13 .  I'll use open table next time.
2	We did the Groupon and made a reservation.15 minute wait with a reservation on a Saturday night.  They said to go ahead and get our food and our drinks (water and wine) would be ready when we came back.  We went to the buffet and then sat down with our loaded-up plates.  It was almost ten minutes before they brought wine and water so our food got a bit cold while we waited.  Almost everything was over-salted.  The wine was basically grape juice flavored.  Definitely a "you get what you pay for" situation. Do not skip the gravy!  The meat is extremely dry.  If you are sensitive to salt, do not go here!  Honestly, the best dish I had was grape leaves.  The prime rib, chicken, and lamb simply weren't good.
4	We had a groupon so it was pretty good deal.  Also I found out that I can make a reservation, so there was no waiting in line this time !  Foods were all good.  Especially prime rib and crape.  I wish they have more salads though. Sushi was not good. 1 item that I never tried before was " white anchovies ". I tried and liked it.
4	To make it clear upfront, the food here deserves 5 stars and maybe even more. All the dishes I've tried, from lamb to seafood, were simply phenomenal. Not buffet food by any means.The concept of showcasing different regions of France was great and it was just an excellent experience. We used a Groupon here, but I would easily come back without it.Main course: tasty duck, juicy lamb leg cuts and pre-cut crab legsDessert: Creme brulee was amazing and so was tiramisu and macaroons.The reason I cannot give this 5 stars:Service left much to be desired. Took a long time for the waitress to bring us water and wine. Again, the food was so good that even the lacking service would still make me come here.
3	3.5 starsI'm normally not a fan of buffets. Mostly because, while I eat a lot, I don't eat *a lot*, and I always feel like I'm wasting my money because I don't gorge myself at every station. It's also been a while since I've gone to any buffets in Vegas, so my recollections of the food offered bordered on blah.  From what I remembered, you weren't going to have any outstanding culinary experiences, so I preferred to spend my money at sit-down restaurants with fancy menus and, you know...portion sizes.Of course, our most recent trip out to Vegas turned everything around. We were there with my Vegas-loving, Vegas-knowing cousin, who pretty much planned every meal of every day, with the bulk of our meals happening at various buffets around town.We came to Le Buffet for our pre-race morning meal, hoping to get our protein and carb fixes while sampling some of the other, non-racer-approved food items.The wait wasn't terrible, which was a huge bonus. We really didn't want to stand in line for an hour or more a few hours before we were supposed to run 13.1 miles. I'd say we waited about half an hour before we were shown to a table.The food was impressive - they had a good array of breakfast and lunch items, as well as desserts - and I enjoyed pretty much everything that I got. I only had issues with two food items: the cream cheese that I put on my bagel (with smoked salmon and capers) and the egg dish that I chose. The cream cheese had a strange flavor to it - almost like a "dusty" flavor, for lack of a better term. The egg casserole dish had ham and cheese in it, but was very runny and had a very sweet note to the base that I didn't expect and didn't like.But everything else was good. I ate way too much, and then went back for more. How I thought that was a good idea, I'll never know.I'm removing a star for our waitress and for the missing food labels.Our waitress was terrible. I mean, *terrible*. We each ordered a drink (OJ for my cousin, coffee for my husband and a glass of water for me). She brought back the two cold drinks, and put the pot of coffee on the table, then walked away. Did she have a coffee mug for my husband? No. We kept waiting for her to come back with one, or to just swing by anyway, but she never did. We finally had to poach a coffee cup AND a pot of creamer from the table next to us, since she was basically a no-show.She never came by to check on us, or to refill my (rapidly emptied) water glass. She DID, however, stop by with another glass of water towards the end of our meal. She totally could have completely changed my opinion of her by saying, "Here's a water refill for you", or something along those lines. Instead, she said, "I have this extra glass of water that nobody wants. Do any of you want it?"Stellar!The missing food labels were confusing. The buffet had been open for a few hours by that point, but the labels were either all wrong, or they were missing completely. It's not too big a deal, but when you're trying to figure out if that hunk of meat is beef or pork, a label would be handy.Still, we enjoyed our meals and left feeling (overly) full. I think it's a good deal, for the amount of food offered and the price you pay. And I'd absolutely go back just for the macaroons alone!
1	Went here for lunch and dinner. The meat wasn't good and a cockroach past right by me inside the restaurant...
3	We're in Vegas.. Do a Buffet. We're in the Paris hotel, might as well do theirs, right?  So we looked up the price on line, Cool! $25  head.. Not so cool.. $35 a head when we get to the registers. Weekend pricing in effect. *FacePalm*   We had a wheelchair in our party and when the seating girl came to us, she admonished us for being in the wrong line.  No one told us differently. There were no signs and the register girl didn't tell us otherwise either, so I'm not sure how we were supposed to intuit where we were to go. Her tone was rude and snippy.  However, we didn't have to wait long for a seat, we were shown quickly to a place close to the food and seated. The first thing I noticed? The overwhelming stink of seafood. To me, it turns my stomach. I'm certain to others "fresh fish & seafood" smells great, but it made me want to throw up.  But I put that aside as we all took our seats and the majority of our party went to get in line and serve themselves up some food. There were MANY Selections. Everyone came back with something different, something good. For me, My first stop was the salad bar. I chose a Caprese salad and a bowl of some of the best potato leak soup I've ever had the pleasure of eating. It was made with real cream, and you can tell the difference that makes.  The Caprese salad was good, but there wasn't any basil left on the plate. *sad* I had a small green salad too, but the grilled chicken I chose to go with it, was awfully dried out.For my main course, I chose steamed veggies, some potatoes augratin, sauteed mushrooms, Prime rib that was a bit over done, grilled lamb, taziki sauce and some parmesan flat bread.  The food was, for the most part, well done and very tasty. Dessert was a bit of a challenge, but I looked through the options and chose to have my first Macaroon, a Macaroon tart with black berries, a Creme caramel & a lemon tart. I wasn't impressed with the green macaroon. The Macaroon tart with black berries was FABULOUS. The creme caramel (Aka flan) Was ok, and the lemon tart was.. no, there was no lemon, it was a pastry shell with meringue. GROSS.  So for the most part, the buffet would have been fine at $25, but so not worth the extra money, especially if you don't eat from the sushi and raw bar, which none of us did... As one of my party said "I wanted to try the sushi but it doesn't look fresh or healthy"
4	Have lived in Vegas a long time.. Most buffets are pretty average.. I was thoroughly impressed that the quality of food was much better than any other buffet I have been too.. Not crazy about the price... But at least the food was good!
4	Not a bad buffet. Came here for breakfast when I did the buffet of buffets. For breakfast... I can't say there is anything really "special" about it. They do make FRESH hot crepes here, which are in fact very yummy!!! The line however, is very long... I suggest getting in line when you fill like you may be starting to fill up because by the time you get your food, you will be hungry again!! LOL. I got 2 crepes, as did most people because the line is so long, you might as well get 2 crepes. I got a sweet and savory crepe. There is a menu board that list the types of crepes available, but you can order a custom one if you want. They will make whatever crepe you want within reason. I got a banana nutella one and for my savory, a chicken with asparagus. Both were flavorful and delicious!! Right outside the buffet is a crepe place... charging $10.50 a crepe... my 2 crepes already covered the cost of breakfast, $20 here! LOL.I think next time I would try lunch or dinner to see if it's really as good as I remembered since I think the crepes are offered all day. I was thinking it was just breakfast so that's why I had breakfast here. Breakfast tasted better than average. There was a good variety and the mini waffles were just so cute! A lot of sausage variety also and at least 3 types of potatoes that I saw! I didn't like the potato triangles as they were too dry, but the hash browns were good and so were the sliced potatoes (can't remember what it's called)When I left, it had switched over to lunch, but I was too full already to go try lunch. Fresh crepes is why this place deserves a 4 star!This was the only buffet we had to wait it... about 30 minutes. This is also the only buffet that you can make a reservation with via open table. I did not try that, so I'm not sure how well that works...
4	Le Village Buffet has been one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas every since I started vacationing in Sin City with my family at the tender age of 14 (that's right people - I used to go to Las Vegas and LOVE it even before I turned 21). This buffet offers some great french dishes incluing coq au vin and made to order crepes in addition to the traditional buffet fare: prime rib, turkey, salad, soup, etc. I really like their cold seafood area with crab claws and cocktail shrimp. Definitely get some desserts from the little "house" in the center. Not to be missed are the little fruit tarts! Tip - ask for Nutella on your crepe. Delicious!
2	The food wasn't anything different from the other buffets at the other casino hotels. I was disappointed with the amount of time it took for the drinks to come. The drinks arrived WAYYYYYY after we finished our meals AND dessert....just as we were about to leave. There isn't enough staff to handle the amount of people they were seating. The poor waitress was pleasant and you could see she was doing the best she can...mgmt should be changed there. The price is another reason for the poor rating. I'm from NYC so I know how expensive things are but $35 per person for a breakfast???Give me a break. Keep doing that and word of mouth is going to be to head to other destinations for fun. I recommend passing on this place!
2	Went for lunch on a weekday. $25 bucks per person, even our 11 year old, we were really excited for an amazing meal. Thankfully, we were smart and made a reservation using Open Table... otherwise expect to wait in line for a VERY long time.We were seated and our server was not friendly. Nor did she refill our drinks until we found her and begged for more water and soda.The food selections were ok, but half of the offerings were empty. The wait for a crepe was 25 mins. There were no bowls for the soup or the custard. The layout was bad too. The food stations were crammed together and there are tables of people eating right next to the lines. Waited for mussels. Waited for crepes. Didn't feel like waiting any longer, so no turkey or roast.There seemed to be many employees wandering around. They had no sense of urgency. The line was out the door and around the corner, and there were empty tables everywhere!! Excusable.Now for the highlight of our meal... DESSERT! YUM. Dessert was amazing.Will we go back? Probably not.
3	We had purchased one of the all day any buffet deals and were out trying a good number of them over 24 hours.  They charged us an additional fee to eat with them which I wasn't happy with.  The food was good and we enjoyed some different choices than you see other places.  Now were super friendly and people persons but it didn't matter here as the servers were not friendly.  From the register, to the hostess and server not many smiled or even cared to talk and the place was not busy.  Drink refills are not dependable even though they walk by or collect dirty plates.  For the food I give three stars but not the service.  My tip reflected my dissatisfaction with the service received and we normally leave good tips where we eat.
4	This place is awesome! We tried both breakfast and dinner. We were quite pleased with the food. The freshly roasted smoked bacon in breakfast is definitely a killer, absolutely delicious. The fish dishes in the dinner are also good. They also have quite a selection of fruits and deserts . I would say it's worth the money.
2	So here's the deal. We came here for breakfast and it wasn't great.The service: It was terrible. I could not get a server to refill our waters and orange juice to save my life, and what we were given was warm. I hate warm water, soda, juice, milk, even coffee. I like my drinks ice cold, so that bothered me. The food: Eh... it was okay. It was not worth the $25 per person cost, that's for sure.  Several types of eggs and potatoes along with bacon, sausage, mini French toasts, mini pancakes, croissants, muffins, bagels, fruit, etc... is what they had.  I think the only reason to come here and pay this price is if you plan on eating several full plates, which we didn't. We didn't eat that much at all because it was mediocre at best.EXCEPTION!!!!! The one exception is I did decide to try a crepe.  I got the #1 which was nutella with bananas, hazelnuts, and whipped cream. Okay, this thing was f*****g Delicious!!  With a capital D. It's the only reason I'm giving the two star rating. However, I'm sure you can find a restaurant that is much cheaper and get a wonderful crepe.Also, after we left my boyfriend started feeling really sick and had to make several trips to the bathroom throughout the day. So while the crepes were good we'd never come back due to price, blah food, and the fact that my boyfriend got pretty sick.
4	It was an OK buffet. I tried some of the meat from the carving station, tasted bland. I enjoyed their all you can eat Macarons, but wish they has more flavors other than colorful Macarons with a chocolate filling or some Yogurt filling I tried. Definitely get the unlimited mimosas for a few bucks more, our waitress had a heavy hand so we had more champagne and a dash of OJ in our drinks. Didn't get to try their hot crepe station since the line was long.Bought the photo since they had a special for $20 versus I think it was $30. The photo was taken inside the restaurant after you paid and before we waited in the waiting area. Included a foldable paper frame with Paris border, the name of the buffet one 4x6 and two 3x5 ishhh size.
4	We went for early dinner - our first meal since arriving in Vegas. We were HUNGRY! Get there early or there will be a big line. We had a groupon, which came with a bottle of wine for 2 people - so it was a great deal! Love that they have a station for the different regional cuisines of France, in addition to the cold seafood station and amazing desserts in the middle. Seriously, save room. My friends all said this was the best desserts we had in vegas (the Wynn was up there too!) with macaroon cake pops, little tartlets, cakes, pies...you name it.But on to the real food - main dishes! First, the crab legs weren't that great, so skip those and save room for everything else. The prime rib was amazing, and so was the pork with the apple cider reduction and baked apples that came in a single-serve skillet. Adorable and so flavorful! The salmon was also very good, as well as the fall vegetable hash with carrots, squash, onions, and a few other things I can't remember. It was great though. If i wasn't allergic to gluten I would've tried the make your own crepes station, which looked divine. I did however try the caramelized bananas by themseves...WOW they were good! They also have a mediterranean station with lots of crudites and sauces that are great for pairing with a lot of the other dishes you can get around the buffet. Don't fill up on bread - there's so many other good things to try!!
5	Brunch here is awesome. Unlimited champagne. Dangerous cuz I get beer goggles. When you come to the Paris buffet come with a large appetite like ur ready to eat people because the choices are incredible. The service is great and it's very clean.
3	This place is so cute! don't forget to reserve a table through opentable.com to skip the lines! we didnt know there was another area to be checked in, and waited a long time only to find out we were in the wrong line!Their buffet items were pretty good, although the crepes were just ok.  It had a nice feel to the entire restaurant as it seems like you're strolling along the streets of paris.  We also had a groupon deal and it came with a bottle of wine. Unfortunately, we're not wine drinkers, so we substituted the wine for other beverages.  Too bad they didnt let us take it out of the restaurant without uncorking it.
4	My favorite buffet in Vegas.  Haven't been here in over 5 years. But I love it. Get there just before breakfast is over to enjoy breakfast and lunch for one low price. Friday morning, no line.  Got lucky today.
5	I love the Paris theme!! My favorite buffet I went to during my trip. My friends and I did the 24 hour buffet pass. This one was so good we came here twice! Once for breakfast, another for desserts. Best macaroons I've ever had. They were fresh and still warm and some had fruit in it! The crepes were a bit disappointing, but everything else made up for it! Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	The ambiance is amazing here. Their exterior inside the buffet takes me back to eating outside in Paris in a smaller scale. Thanks from other Yelpers recommended this place for breakfast especially with a 24 hour buffet pass. There is a huge variety for breakfast. They have make your own omelettes and sweet/savory crepes. There are regular scrambled eggs and egg whites. The usually toast, bagels, pancakes, french toast, bacon, and sausages. They serve bacon slabs at the carving area which taste way better than regular bacon. The service is superb. The lighting for breakfast is really dim. It felts like the sun just started to rise up at 5 am. Hopefully they can change the lighting for different hours in the day.
4	Long line to get in.  You can make reservations online which I highly recommend.  The food was delicious and macarons were very good too.  Prime rib, snow crab legs, lamb, and pasta were my flavors.  Very good flavor.
4	The buffet at lunch was absolute dee-lish! They have tons of great seafood to enjoy. I didn't even bother getting the cut of meats and just loaded on the mussels, clams and shrimp!They also have a crepe station that is cooked to order. I had the bananas with nutella. I felt the banana slices were a bit too large, it would have been better if it was a bit thinner.The dessert bar also looked amazing, but I was definitely disappointed on the macaroons. They were soooo many, but didn't taste great. The outer shell tasted like a fortune cookie.
2	Haven't really ever had any issues here but this visit was different.  We had the buffet of buffets pass and I am a diamond member so we always hit the buffets without having to wait in the long lines.  We were sat in the diamond area and didn't realize that they had put platinum on the receipt.  The server was literally at the table when we were sat.So we sit, we already ordered our drinks at the entrance counter, went around the entire buffet, I even got a crepe.  Get back to the table and my bestie informs me that the waitress just got our drink order.  While waiting the 12 minutes for our drinks to come back, a hostess starts questioning us about who sat us there and why we were sitting at that table.  I informed her that another hostess sat us here because I was a diamond member, she huffed and puffed and didn't believe me until I showed her my card, that was already on the table, and then started murmuring something about the counter people needing to do their jobs better.Our waitress has finally come back with our drinks and cups and started walking off with the coffee.  She said maybe she should stop smoking so much, so either she was taking a smoke break while she was supposed to be getting our drinks or she smokes too much pot and can't handle being a glorified busser.The only saving grace on this trip to the buffet was the crepe guys, they were fantastic!
4	Love this Buffett, when I'm in Vegas this is one of the places I must hit. The crepes and food selections are amazing. If you get lucky and get a groupon u get two for one and a bottle of wine. Planning my next trip to Vegas and will sure go back.
3	Cute French setting. the turkey, despite adding gravy was a bit dry.  The saffron rice ...well, went back for more :). Food sum up: a little bit if everything. One thing I did not like was waiting in life for the bathroom;  For the multitude of people who come and dine here, there should be more bathroom stalls!!!
1	This buffet reminds me of Golden Corral which I can go to for a third of the price. It is dated and dirty. Everything seemed so unhygienic.  I had a hard time eating much. The food was overcooked and dry. It did not seem very French at all. I would not recommend this place at all.
5	Comparing with the price the food was great, especially the dessert was what you expect from a french pastry. and I love the design, a  wonderful place to seat for food
3	Years ago, we came here for dinner buffet, and this time we came here for breakfast buffet with Buffet of Buffets (BoB) pass. The breakfast items tasted good and I think I like the breakfast more than their dinner. There was nothing fancy but got some good breakfast items that were freshly made. We got to choose hot chocolate as our drinks as well. It was an ok breakfast buffet, but not something I would crave for. It's probably our first and last breakfast buffet there.
1	Oh Noooo Oh Noooo....Terrible Terrible....Let's start with the 1 Hour and A Half (1:30) wait, Once me, wife and 1 & 3 yr old made it in we were in for the worst of this experience. Oh and don't forget if your kids can open their eyes and say bah bah they're in for $19.95 EACH. So with a groupon for me and my wife and a dumb $3.95 bottle of wine which i still have laying around the house somewhere, did i mention my 1 yr old and 3 yr have to pay $19.95 each?...that was only part of the bad experience once in we didn't know what to eat because there's nothing edible to eat. The menu is horrible i tried 5 times to go around the buffet and everytime i will come back to the table with an empty plate no matter how hard i tried, i will pick up one item out of frustation and back to the table, the crepes nothing to brag about i didn't even eat it all tried two different ones both unfortunately had to go to waste the fruit tasted spoiled like it had been sitting out like a week. Thankfully the groupon save me a couple of dollars otherwise i swear i would have somehow someway ask for a refund at the cost.I feel bad throwing food away that's why i didn't fill up my plate cause i know that's what i would end up doing but for some reason i managed to control my frustation and disappointment but now that i'm back at home i feel like i should have done just that one plate at a time just dump all of it away i would have save hundredths of people the terrible views of the bland, tasteless, old, hard overcooked food. I'm hoping this happen cause it was during christmas holidays and workers were hating everything about work on those days but i'm not going back to find out if that's what it was. Oh no not me not ever stepping back in there and lord have mercy on those who still go there after they read this review.
3	First visit here.  And the first thing I noticed is that it's smaller than Rio.  A lot smaller.  Not that it was a small buffet, but it's difficult not to compare to the Rio.  Selection was a little limited, but it had good food. Custom crepes were cool.  They had both "savory" and "sweet" crepes.  I didn't like it as much, but other people (including my wife) seemed to like them a lot.   Other than the crepes most of the dishes were not as French as I expected.  The obligatory chunks o' meat (turkey, ham, prime rib) were there.  Ordinary sides.  They had some dolmas (which were unique).  And their mac and cheese was really good (because it appeared to be made with good pasta and cheeses, not the usual orange sludge one often finds).Again, the food was good.  But mostly similar to other buffets.  I really had hoped for more of a French food buffet here.
1	This was my first "Vegas Buffet" experience and I was utterly disappointed.I found their crab legs too salty. I wanted to eat like a mountain full of crab legs just to feel like I've eaten my money's worth but I couldn't even get myself to finish eating just one. I had the same issue with their "macarons". I've put that word in quotations because I felt like I was eating something out of this world. It tasted so weird we couldn't decide if it was lime or pistachio. I will attach photographic evidence to this review and let the photo speak for itself!We went around brunch/lunch time on a Friday and the service and overall feel of the place seemed pretty hectic. And there was only ONE WOMEN WASHROOM STALL for the entire buffet. Incredible.Maybe I had high expectations because the line up going into the buffet was insanely long (actually out of the 4 buffets we ate at in Vegas, we had to wait the longest for Paris).Not worth it.
3	The setting at Le Village is a little off in my opinion.Atmosphere feels stuffy and there wasn't anything particularly drawing or fancy about it. The aisles are a little confusing to navigate because they stretch all the way around the back and have a center island.I would say I enjoyed having champagne being brought to me for brunch but I can't justify the quality of food and its appeal. Visually speaking, it wasn't a lot. Everything is pretty standard fare for a non-$50 Vegas buffet.The good is that there are macarons (which I adore!!!) and crepes!Quick Tip: Make reservations through Open Table, there was an intense line when I went!
5	Love this place.Used to stay at Paris and usually every time, we'd stop by this place for lunch of dinner.This buffet is good quality, nice ambience, and affordable.I'd also throw in there that not everything out there is a homerun. It is a buffet so there are times when things sit there too long or have the occasional bad batch... just use common sense and don't eat those.Good to take friends, dates, coworkers, and potentially customers.
5	All you can eat for less than $30. Good food and free champagne before 3pm on weekends if you want.Everything from sushi, pasta, to steaks.Good service too.
1	Wasnt worth $30 came here for brunch .. I was so dissapointed with the food wasn't satisfying at all , and there wasnt alot of different food choices aswell, the desserts were stale and had  a freezer burn taste to it.. def was a waste of time and money .....have no idea y some reviews on here gave this place good reviews... this was the worst buffet ive been to in vegas ....
4	One of the most enjoyable aspects of this place is the ambience.  Really transports you to a little Street in France. Definitely try the crepes!  I started off with a savory crepe which had mushrooms and spinach,  It was absolutely delicious. I then tried some pasta with truffle cream sauce that made your mouth water it seo good.  I sampled some lamb & Prime rib that were very good,  Some German like sausages with Kraut, smoked salmon with an assortment of cheeses, some salads and an assortment of other things.  Everything I tried was a party for my palate.  Then after my meal I sampled the caramel apple crepe and the strawberry, blueberry, raspberry crepe that were to die for. We had a large group and they made us pay 17% gratuity that I thought for a buffet like this was a bit much. Especially when the service is not quite a good as the last time I ate at a Golden coral.... Lol.  If you're picking and choosing I would definitely go to Bacchanal in ceasers palace over this one.  However it is worth a try.
5	There were a long line outside its entrance. Thanks god that we made a reservation and were seated right away. The place was nice and served more free drink options than other places. We went there for our last meal of the Buffet of buffets pass, so we did not really have much space for food. But the crepes were soooo good, that we have 4 of them. Totally worth the waiting and extra calories of over-eating. Good crab legs and desserts too. The salmon and    flounder were the best I had for years.
4	When it comes to eating at a buffet you, of course have to have a strategy.  Know what you want.  The make very good Brussels  sprouts, duck and other things.  But they also ruined the macaroon. Not impressive!  But hey it's vegas baby.
5	I love this buffet. I went in not expecting much as i have not had experience in quality buffets before. I loved their clams, shrimps, pork belly, and some kind of pasta and mushrooms in cream sauce. The crepes, you must try! We shared three crepes at our table and my favorite was number 2 (with lots of berries). Also, the macarons are not the best I have had but they are good. They are just a tad bit sweeter than I would like them to be!The only negative thing about this buffet was the slow service. If you are someone who just cannot stand this aspect of a dining experience, I would not recommend going here. But your waitresses will get to your table and you will be well on your way to having one of the best buffets of your life!Overall, I love le village for their food and the french atmosphere. I would recommend!Another tip: Use groupon! we were a party of 3 and used groupon deal for 2 ppl ($35) and normal price for 1 person ($29). Pretty cheap for a quality buffet!
1	I was Very disappointed with the experience.The cheese bar had 4 cheeses none of them European.I did not expect muenster, cheddar, smoked mozzarella, and pepper jack to be on a French theme buffet.The place was moderately full and it was an hour wait on line.The service after we were in was horrible.When i asked the waitress, what did they have for red wine, it was as if I was talking another language. Is French theme she should be able answer me knowledgeable.Avoid if you can4 for lunch 135.00
3	We decided come to come to this buffet during our trip to Vegas simply because we couldn't make up our minds as to where to go and we just happened to be at Paris that day. The line looked long when we arrived, but it didn't take long to get to the front. Each person was almost $30 if I remember correctly, $24.99 plus tax came out to almost $30 on a weekend lunch. We were seated in an appropriate manner that didn't take too long, thank goodness. We got tables for 6 in an almost room like area where it was slightly closed off, which made it a little quieter.FOOD: I don't remember anything that stood out, had the usual meat slices and mashed potatoes and vegetables. I also had the shrimp cocktail which were relatively fresh with a good crunch, the cocktail sauce itself tasted really weird almost like medicine. I was really grossed out by it, definitely didn't get seconds on that. They were all pretty meh, I only ended up having two plates of food. For dessert we had the creme brulee that was a little too soggy and didn't have that good crunch on top. But they had this really cool crepe station that makes crepes to order, I ordered a sweet crepe, Le Siege that consisted of whipped cream, nutella, and bananas. It was actually really good, I liked the outside batter when its fresh off the cooker thing but it gets really soggy if you don't eat it quick enough. I loved it because they put so much nutella in it! Mmmm!SERVICE: Quick to clean the dishes and often offered to refill our drinks for us. They were also very friendly and happy to assist us when we had questions as to where something was.
4	We decided to get the 24 hour buffet pass and went here first for a sunday brunch.  The wait was a but long bit it was well worth it.  I had crepes, various meats, including a fantastic prime rib, mac and cheese, and chocolate croissants done closer to French style than American style. The service was excellent.  The chocolate croissants would probably have been better earlier in the day since by the time we showed up they were a bit old, but still tastey.  Would definitely go back.  Well worth the price, especially if you get it as some sort of deal.  I have spent more money on food with much poorer quality.
4	Crepes are incredibly delicious! Worth a try and penny! Even there macaroons are freshly baked and different. They used special whipped cream inside then the usual feeling. I even loved their roast beef and pasta!!! Soo yummy!
1	I went there for breakfast and was early enough to avoid the lines. When I was seated the server asked me what I wanted to drink. When I asked for a latte it was like I was speaking another language. I settled for their coffee. The layout of the food is bizarre. There is a station for toast but the jam is on the other side of the room. If you want cereal and milk, you can help yourself to the cereal but have to ask hour server to get you some milk. They had smoked salmon and nearby was a bowl labeled whipped cream cheese. It turned out to be whipped cream, a little sweet for the salmon. There was a lot to choose from and none of it looked or tasted very good.
3	I went here many years ago and thinking that it was really impressive.  My latest trip has taken a 5 star review down to 3.  There really is nothing extraordinary about this buffet, other than the fact that it is in the Paris hotel.  The buffet is not really long either!  I remember there being a lot of fishy foods, which I could careless for.  The wait line on a Sunday evening was 1 hour!  It is NOT worth the wait!
5	Decided to eat here after finding out that the line for Bachanaal and Wicked Spoon were over 2 hours long! Went here on a Saturday, around 12pm, waited about 40 minutes for a table. Reading the reviews, was kind of mixed on whether we would enjoy this or not, but it was a pleasant surprise. Granted it was our one and only trip to a buffet in Vegas, but super pleased with it. Had pretty much anything you could want and it was all delicious. We got the brunch, so it was unlimited Mimosas (hey I'm a southern lady, love Mimosas ;)  The prime rib was excellent. Also they had a crepe station and you could either pick from their menu or just tell the guy making them what you would like on yours. They were delicious. Oh and for the price compared to the other places, we were really happy with our choice. It seemed "cheap" compared to the other hotels, but there was nothing cheap about the quality, quantity or flavor of the food.
4	There was a really long line but we waited the food is really good and really fresh and really enjoyed the evening.
3	This is the only Vegas buffet I have been to (shame on me, I think!). Le Village Buffet (brunch buffet) was decent enough. The food was good, but nothing to knock your socks off and make you want to come back. We arrived around 10am and only had a few minute wait. By the time we left, there was a considerable queue to get seated. I didn't know this at the time, but apparently each station at the buffet represents a different region of France and, accordingly, the food at the various stations relates to the region's specialties (allegedly). Regardless, it made it a tad bit convoluted to gather food for your plate (first world problem - now I feel a little ashamed for complaining about a brunch with TOO much food to chose from). For example, fried hash brown wedges were at one station, hashbrowns across the room at another, potato wedges at another. You should take a stroll around the entire buffet first to see what they are offering. The crepe station was the most popular and there was a line the entire time we were there. The person who seated us took our drink orders (coffee, water, etc.) but couldn't take orders for mimosas. Once our waitress showed up, she took our order for mimosas. I thought they were unlimited, but she never returned to the table so not sure about that. I'm sure a few more mimosas and I would have remembered this buffet more fondly. :)Summary: Decent enough. They had a large variety of standard breakfast food to chose from.
4	Ok, lets be real... the food is slightly better than average, but it's definitely the service that puts it over the top. ESPECIALLY with MARY, the waitress. She is a godsend. I only go for paris brunch where it's endless mimosas and without fail, the waitresses get you drunk. Always a good time here.
3	I should have ate here before the buffet at Bellagio so my rating is lower now. (Saying Bellagio was better). More choices there.The soups are too far under the sneeze guard so you can't reach them. And there is no one attending to them so no help in getting any.The assortment of food was not that good so I ended up going back a few times for the same dishes.The crepe maker was good though. Delicious.When you pay at the front, they cross out the tip portion. I guess that means leave a tip at the table?
4	Buffets are not my usual selections for dining in Vegas, but this one is worth mentioning.Be warned, there is a wait time to enter the buffet, but when you travel with friends who have VIP status, there is a seperate entrace with no wait time!  But that is not what makes this visit great for me, it is the food selection.I really enjoyed the variety of foods offered than the typcial iceberg salads, roasted meats, bland treats. Nope, here at the Paris Hotel they offer speciality crepes made to order, speciality salads, pastas and parisian treats. I really love the uniqueness of their food selection. You must try the wine marinated fruit... its wonderful and not intoxicating with alcohol!
1	Horrible! The wait is over two hours, then you wait some more inside to get the crepes. Dirty too - no one is cleaning up.
4	Been back twice and love it both times.
4	Earns a 4 star for recent improvements and better attention; however, come here expecting the longest of lines- sometimes 90 minutes to get in.They have a great selection of seafood, desserts, Krepes, cheese, and deli. Also, some great French styled cuisine. Service is a solid 4-star, design is also about 4 stars.Located right between Ballys and Paris Las Vegas, it is at the center of a lot of traffic. Come here with your Buffet of Buffets pass.
2	Not what I was expecting from this hotel. It was a mediocre buffet at best and it didn't take me long to put this experience in the "frustrating" category. The portion of prime rib that I recieved is what I would feed my dog.....nope, scratch that....she wouldn't have eaten it either. It was insulting to me to think that anyone would have found my portion acceptable, especially the server. He did ask me if I wanted another peice but I was already getting "that" feeling of being insulted so I told him that I didn't even want the peice that he had served me. I basically ended up eating mashed potatos that night and couldn't wait to leave. I did complain to management who offered me a complimentary breakfast but  I declined. If they can't get one meal right why would I repeat the experience. Do yourself a favor and pass this buffet. We ate at Bellagio's buffet the following night and loved, loved it. For a comparable fare, its a much better buffet and a much finer  experience.
2	So, I went here with people out of desperation for food. Someone who had been here before recommended it so here I was at 8 PM. Service had placed us in a corner of a room and it was very stuffy. In terms of the food, all I could taste was cheese, butter, and salt. I mean, I guess I expected it since it was a buffet.. Crab legs tasted funny and the soups were very oily.Service was interesting because I felt like their waiters waited for tips. During the time I was eating, our waiter disappeared forever and the people next to me had a huge stack of plates that was piling. No one got refills of water and the place was looking dirty. You could always see the waiter with a dish cart near by, but he just kind of stood there and stared at us through the door way - it was kind of creepy. The people next to us left without tipping, so after the waiter saw that, he began hawking us and constantly took away our dishes/gave us refills. There were moments where he just stood there in the room counting his money in front of us (signaling that we should give him a tip). The whole time he was doing this, the empty tables by us were still filled with stacks of dirty dishes.Overall, the food is sub-par and the service is creepy. :) Good luck.
5	Bought a groupon for 2 at lunch, great value. The food was great,  they had seafood favs and a crepe station. Service was very pleasent. I would recommend as one of the better buffets on the strip
3	Truly some of the best prime rib I have ever had... but here is the catch:  when we went back the next day the prime rib was not nearly as good a quality as the night before????  What the heck?The desserts were nothing to write home about so don't go for that.  So unimpressive I cannot even remember any of them and I checked them out twice! The crab legs at dinner were some of the best at a buffet ever!  They were ice cold and not sitting in hot water like I have had so many times, so they were very flavorful and not watered down.One of my favorite dishes was the creamy pasta with truffle oil!  Yummy flavor!The service both times was very good.  There was a line but I don't know how long the wait was because I got to skip the lines ;-)It's a buffet and kinda expensive but what isn't in Vegas?  My recommendation is to only go once to this (and probably any) buffet on your visit to Vegas because the lunch had the exact same food as the dinner minus the crab legs!
4	My friend and I came on a friday for lunch and we waited about 20-30 minutes in line for the buffet. I think it was worth the wait. They had a great selection of food: seafood, meat, desserts, etc. But let me say that the crepes here are thee most delicious crepes I've ever had. The nutella one with the bananas and the hazelnuts is a must for dessert. Also, the prime rib was cooked very well and very tender. And you must have the truffle mac and cheese. I wish I found the truffle mac and cheese first because after the crepes, the prime rib and like 8 mimosas I was stuffed. About the mimosas, you can taste the champagne, but it was definitely more OJ than champagne. If you can get just champagne as your bottomless, do it. Definitely going to hit this buffet up the next time I'm in vegas.
4	At first when walked in, this lady that was directing my family to the table was soon rude we were almost going back out, but because we did not want to look for another buffet we stayed.  The food was good my favorite for lunch was the crepe and we had an amazing server Mary she was supper nice.....
2	Went for the champaign brunch.  Not much diversity here and nothing particularly creative.  Roast turkey was moist and tasted good but that was about the only thing that left any impression on me.  As far as Vegas buffets go, I would only recommend this one for lovers of the bland.
2	Sad food. Sad place. This buffet is huge but there isn't a lot of food choices just a lot of seating. The line takes forever, short staffed. We ate there once and we were impressed. Next trip to Vegas tried it, it was bad. Tried it again, bad again. When we get the buffet pass we don't bother with Paris anymore after 2 bad experiences. There is much better food. I say it's a sad place because last June we were walking past when a gentleman was on the floor, EMS was performing CPR but being a medical professional I could tell he was already gone despite their best efforts. I've been to Vegas twice since then but never near that part of Paris, only Bally's.
2	Worst wait time ever.   Over 30 min. Servers are rude when confronted on the empty seats and the line not moving.
5	Last year my friend and I went to Vegas for vacation for a few days. We did the 24 hr. buffet and this was was our most favorite buffet. We practically ate here almost every meal.Love the food selections and the atmosphere is so nice. The line can get very long but it's worth it. Our favorite food is the mussels and the Alasken King Crab legs.
4	We bought the Buffet of Buffets pass and started our "journey" here. We also used the pass at the Planet Hollywood and Rio buffets, and thought Le Village was much better. We ended up eating her twice.The line was kind of annoying, and I swear that the buffets all like to take their time seating people to make sure there is always a queue. The servers were hit or miss, but Le Village is overall pretty good. The crepe stand is definitely worth your attention.If you know what to expect from Vegas Buffets you'll like this place. I made the mistake of assuming that these places would have mind-blowingly good food, but that's just not the case. Really, it's just a lot of "OK" food.
4	The food is so good here! I love French food, and fresh food! That is hard to find at a Buffet. Everything was so good, to bad my stomache was not as big as my eyes, I wanted more but I wa so full! I am very picky when it comes to food,  I am from Europe and hard to please!
4	We got the 24 hour buffet pass and came here for lunch. I started with a penne pasta dish that was delicious because it had a spiciness to it, I also got the pork and apples which was also quite well made. The prime rib was really tender but a bit saltier than I would like. The roast beef was too tough to cut and to chew. I did get a pot pie that tasted pretty good as well. There were clams and crab legs and both were mediocre.The crepes are pretty amazing and the fruits within are fresh. I had a variety of other desserts like the lemon tarts, creme brulee, flan, cake pops, cheese cake etc. I liked the tart and the creme brulee the best the flan and cake pops were far too sweet.This is a good buffet compared to planet Hollywood, I think it was better, and almost comparable to Caesar's since it's not the extra $25. The wait staff was way more attentive than both Caesar and Planet Hollywood and asked us how we were throughout the dining experience. The decor was adorable as well.
3	Not a buffet lover but decided since that's Vegas I needed to try one. The Le Village Buffet was rated the best in Vegas and I can see why. The food was delicious and there was plenty of it. I can't imagine anyone making it through all the selections available. Please save room for dessert, I should have started here. I had the lunch buffet and the price is on the high end for Vegas buffets (but you are at the Paris) but worth the extra dollars to make sure you get good food. Very little wait but we were there on a weekday. As you pay for your meal you are asked if you want to add an additional amount for drinks. Do this if you are going to be drinking alcohol as more than one glass can pay for it. Dress was casual for lunch.
3	Love love this buffet for breakfast, so many yummy foods! Lunch is awful though, there is never anything good. 5stars for breakfast 0 stars for lunch
2	Located in the famous Paris hotel where it's hard to miss the replicated Eiffel Tower, Le Village Buffet is an assortment of food with a wide range of food.I came here with my family, and we had made advanced reservations - lines are always super long for any of the buffets, and we were lucky enough to just enter without waiting for too long.  For some reason though, I feel that the hype of this place has died down considerably since being here 3-4 years ago.  Although there was a line, the dining room seemed pretty empty.  I notice that they reduced a number of their pastries and food items from previous years I've been here.  They really need to step up their game especially since there's a new buffet at Caesar's Palace.  I will say that the price is probably on the cheaper end in terms of LV buffets - I believe about $30 /person.The food quality was just okay.  I wasn't blown away and can't really give more stars.  The other LV buffets take it to the next level.  I'm doubtful about coming back here, but the macaroons and crepes are pretty good!
5	THE BEST $7 DINNER BUFFET (OR DINNER MEAL) EVERBut wait wait a minute Gerald isn't the dinner buffet including taxes cost about $32 per person? Yes it does. Being a Total Rewards Card Member I was eligible to redeem $25 on food. I redeemed that amount and paid the difference of the buffet. Please note my review below isn't normally written for someone that paid the regular price, but someone who paid just $7 for dinner.The layout of food of this buffet is about one-fourth smaller than Bacchanal Buffet. However for this buffet my approach was similar to Bacchanal Buffet - get small portions on the plate. My goal was at least to get 7 plates so that I would only pay $1 per plate. I won't list all the items I ate, but I will highlight the items that stood out. The lamb leg, which is very French, wasn't gamey but flavorable because of the herbs. Since yesterday was St. Patrick's Day corned beef was served. Classical French dishes like pork and beans cassoulet and sausage and bratwurst choucroute garnie reminded me of dishes at Les Halles in New York. This buffet has a crepe station where your can order different types of crepes. Pork belly with apples is a classical French country dish. In the end I didn't end up getting seven plates of dishes; I got nine. A calculation that results in less than $1 per plate. You can say I got my monies worth.Whereas most buffets display random items of food, this buffet stands out because there are dishes from different regions of France. These regions act as a food station. When you go to a Chinese Food buffet you can tell the buffet is Chinese because of the food that is served. At this buffet you can tell the food is French because of the regional food station.Overall this is a decent buffet. In terms of quality and abundance of items this buffet isn't up to par with Bacchanal Buffet. However this buffet is much better in terms of quality and unique items than those Chinese buffets in the suburbs. You still be stuffed at this buffet, but you won't feel bloated as other Chinese buffets. Is Le Village Buffet worth $32? I'm not sure. Is Le Village Buffet worth $7. HELL YEAH!
3	I had heard this was one of the better breakfast buffets in LV. I don't have anything to compare it to but I thought it was great. It was $27 and it is all you can eat obviously but I just don't know how you could physically eat enough to justify the $27. They do have SO MUCH to choose from it was a tad overwhelming. Definitely make a trip around just to look before deciding what you want. I went with a nutella crepe and it was fantastic. But who doesn't love nutella!? I also had a few other things that were also tasty. The coffee was not. Get a latte or something at the St. Louis walk up counter. Or better yet, a mimosa. It is Vegas after all! I had to go to a work conference or I would have!We went at 7:30am on a Thursday. We had made reservations but ended up not needing them. Both evenings we were there a line was out the door. So I would suggest making a reservation through Open Table even if you end up not needing it. If you do make a reservation be sure to go to the VIP/special entrance. If you are coming from the rooms it is on the left before the regular entrance. I don't recall my reservation telling me to do this but after we sat down our waitress told us to do that if we came back and there was a line (assuming we had made reservations of course).If I go back to Paris I'm not sure if I'll go again to this particular restaurant because of the cost vs what you can actually eat. They have a creperie where you can get the same crepes and pay about half of what I did.
2	When we checked in next door at Bally's, the man helping us mentioned this great 24hr buffet deal for $50 dollars. Basically he said you can visit ALL of the Caesar resorts buffets as much as you want for 24 hrs. We though this was an amazing deal, we could have lunch at the Paris, dinner at Caesar's, and breakfast somewhere else all for $50 dollars!We purchased our wrist bands at Paris and the woman said "Yes, this is good at ALL Caesar's resorts." We went to have dinner at Caesar's later that day and after checking in with the hostess she said "oh, you know you have to pay an ADDITONAL $30 per person, right?" WHAT?! What a total rip off. We should have known the "good deal" was too good to be true. They stamp a little thing on the back of your receipt stating "pay as little as $15 for upgrade to Caesars buffet." Who bothers to read the fine print on the back of a receipt? If we would have known it would have been extra, we would have never bothered. We also wouldn't have had to walk my 74 year old father clear across the strip for all the trouble. Paris didn't offer to do anything to rectify the confusion, and I really feel bad for other people falling for this "deal." All that being said, The Paris buffet had some good things to it in regards to food:The brioche French toast, the salmon, roasted sweet potatoes, the pasta dishes were all favorites. Some not so good:Lack of fresh fruit and veggies - the salad offerings were very poor. The crepe station...the "bananas" on the nutella crepes were mushy and weird, swimming in some sweet mystery liquid and then drenched in whipped topping and lord knows what else. Go across the way to "La Creperie" and pay $10 for a decent crepe.There are too many other places in Vegas to eat, I wouldn't come again,
5	When in Vegas you gotta check out this buffet. Amazing atmosphere. Great service. Delicious gourmet food with variety. No Golden Corral here. We have been several times and it never let's us down!
2	This buffet was quite the disappointment. The food didn't look appetizing and they still had breakfast food at 3pm. There weren't that many options and the options that were there wasn't great. Would not return.
5	I love this buffet. The Macaroons are so yummy!!!
2	The appearance outside of the buffet seems to be lacking of business and happiness. But the line was short and mom and I were hungry anyway. Price for lunch is $25. If you are a lover of crepes which they also sell outside, I prefer you to come here. As for the food, kinda shitty. They basically had veggies cooked in three ways in each section. Also serving mashed potatoes, overly heavy pasta, turkey and prime rib which I didn't have. Horrible selection of sushi and fruit. Sushi rolls seemed like raw white urchins. Fruit was in a dressing pot which only had melon, pineapple, and melon. So you get my point. Dessert was basically cookies, brownies, "cakes", just like at any other $10 buffet. Later they started serving macaroons. Personally, I don't like them and trying one made me want to spit the calories back out. So please, if you come here.... Eat two or three crepes and it will be worth it. (Custom or the flavors are on the wall)
5	Make a reservation and save room for creeps. A wonderful eatery that is very much worth the trip. Keep an eye out for a good groupon to save yourself some money.
4	Great buffet for a good price! At breakfast, they have both an omelette and a crepe station. Their selection of food is very nice, at a better price than most of the other buffets on the strip. The line isn't too long, and stays the same during breakfast to dinner.
2	The line was out of control and the food wasn't it worth it! I went for dinner but it was very disappointed and if you don't like creeps the dessert section is disappointing! Go to the restaurant next door in the Paris.... Way better!
3	I purchased a Groupon deal for lunch and for $35.99 you get lunch for two and a bottle of wine. The highlights of the meal were the pasta dishes and the meats from the carving station. They had potatoes prepared in every way possible and a Mediterranean section randomly hidden at one corner. I was surprised that the dessert selection wasn't as extensive as I thought it was going to be. Definitely check out the crepe station because they'll substitute ingredients for you if you ask nicely.
3	What happened to this buffet? It started with the cashier when we paid for dinner. The cashier had no sign of any enthusiasm. As if she was ready to go home at 4 pm. Then the host who was in charge to give us a table even lacked more customer service. She was on the phone talking to her family- I'm like really? Aren't you on the clock? As if she was on her break. The server who helped us was nice and very attentive. She knew when to ask us for beverage, water or coffee.  Let's talk about the crepe station. That guy looked like he did not want to be there to begin with. The cold section where the seafood was, smelled like nasty sewer. They did not fill what was out, and the floor on that station looked like as if you were in the wet market.I would like to compliment the guys who worked in the steak section. They were very kind and friendly. They had all the enthusiasm in the world that 65 % of the crew did not have. The prime rib is BOMB! It goes well with that french gravy! I think i's called Burgundy sauce. Top it off with mushroom and side of the rice pilaf (the one with butter) and woaaallah! Dinner is served! You have to try the macaroni and cheese- another bomb.com! There were 2 types of rice pilaf, and both were yummy! And last but not the least; the dessert. Creme Bulee, Flan and etc. There were lots of delicious treats to go for. Don't forget the crepe. You can add stuff to your crepe right on your own table like, the flan and some chocolate from the dessert station. I have to say I really like this buffet but, change is definitely a must! The atmosphere with the workers looked like there were tension among the diversity of the race. As if they were not happy to work there. They did not want to work together as a team and just wanted to mind their own business. The guys in the steak section- they need to take a page from their book. They knew what great customer service was, and they looked like they enjoy what they do. If not for the tension among the staff, the dirty seafood section and the cashier & host  who lacked professionalism- I would have rated this buffet a 4 or even 5. A lot of delicious stuff in the variety for a fair price.
4	Reading the mixed reviews for some of the buffet items, I concentrated my calories on the famous crepes.  There is a line for the crepe station, but it went pretty quickly.  I waited maybe 15 minutes, and it was well worth it.I ordered a savory crepe with mushrooms, spinach, and parmesan and a sweet crepe with Nutella and bananas.  Then pretending I was a food artist I paired the savory crepe with salad and smoked salmon.  I then got some fresh strawberries to accompany my sweet crepe.  Both crepes were delicious!Since we were here a little before 11 a.m. (the latest time for breakfast prices), they also started to change the breakfast dishes out for lunch items.  The only lunch items I tried were the sushi and seaweed salad.  Both were pretty good, but nothing special.  If you're in the mood for all-you-can-eat crepes, Le Village is a winner!  The ambiance will also make you feel like you are dining in a charming Parisian courtyard.
3	Well, my prior experience was good, but I am not sure what had happened to this place.  I personally picked this place from my own experience from few years back and this time, I took a large group of my co workers on Friday night.   I should have known the quality, when I saw very small lines formed, when it is normally, should be a busy hour.  Like a previous reviewer on the YELP, the cashiers were not happy to be there.  Kind of like, " Okay, who is next"  kinda of vibe from one of them. (there are two cashiers).  Foods were just okay, but Prime Rib was so dried that it was close to a Beef Jerky level.   Most of the foods were kind of mediocre, few thing that stand out were.  Crapes and Macaroons  other than that, I am not sure I will pay $32 to have this food again.   Will I revisit this place again.  Well, Probably not anytime soon.  I would pay extra and go some other places.
4	Best buffet in Vegas! Only issue I had was with the line being sooooo long. It's was also a little pricey! You would expect with the amount of money they bring in that their buffet would be a little cheaper. But then again they have the Best quality food any any buffet I've eaten at in Vegas!
3	At least it's consistent. With... the quality of service at Paris.  I was there right after they opened.  They really didn't care then and they still don't.   The buffet is nothing to write home about.  $31/person.  Had better.  If you're in a crunch for time as we were, no line ( clue!)  It was 5:30p.m. it's a place to get a meal fast.  Crepes were good...wish they hires someone who actually had experience= slow
4	We came for breakfast as part of our gluttony experience (buffet of buffets).  The young man at the crepe station was friendly and fast.  He was awesome.  I tried the ham and cheese. Ecellent. The pastries were OK.  The slab bacon and kielbasa was very good. After eating at bacchanal the night before, I didn't have a huge appetite. I would eat here again.  It is muuuch better than spice market buffet. We arrived at 7:15 am.  No waiting.  Small seating area.  I could see how there would be a long wait to get in.
3	I went there for the lunch buffet this time. There were some good options at this buffet. The seaweed salad was tasty, but the sushi was lackluster. They didn't have any chopsticks, either, which is odd for serving that kind of food. The cheddar cheese was very good, and the havarti was decent. The beef tips were tender and juicy, a good choice. The pork belly with apples was also a win. I was very happy to find a variety of vegetables because I bought the Buffet of Buffets pass, so this was the third buffet I had been to in that time period, and the vegetable options had seemed to be limited at some of the other buffets. The brussel sprouts were tender and buttery, but not overcooked. The asparagus, carrots and broccoli were equally as delicious, as were the fingerling potatoes. With the desserts, my absolute favorite was the raspberry topped cheesecake. It was the perfect balance of light creaminess with the fruity topping adding sweetness to the savory. Their chocolate cake was also tasty. They have a good variety of sugar free options, too, but I didn't get any.The staff in there are friendly enough, but some of them aren't worried about helping someone not in their section. They'd rather hurry right by you and not stop and take a moment to see what you need. I had breakfast here last year and got a crepe, which I enjoyed. I thought they had a good breakfast buffet, and I liked it better than the lunch. I don't know what I'd expect from the dinner buffet from them, though.  It's worth a go with the Buffet of Buffets pass, but I don't know if I'd purchase a way in on its own.
2	I expected more from Paris hotel to be honest. Some of the meat was dry, staff was pretty unorganized and most of the time unhelpful and not friendly. Food variety was pretty limited as well. The only highlight were the macaroons at the desert station which were out of this word!
4	dinner in Paris... -sigh- maybe one day the real thingDined here for the first time and all went well.  Came here for dinner and food was great. We love meat and there was no shortage of it here. Plenty to choose from including roast prime rib, lamb, turkey and pork brisket. As far as seafood choices we had ice cold crab legs and they were already cracked open, actually, they were sliced in half to expose the crab meat. I had the salmon and it was tasty and delicious. Also tried the sauteed mushrooms... yummy! For dessert, there were choices of tiramisu, creme brulee, creme caramel... oh, yes, I tried them all! Originally priced at $30.99/ea with their rewards card. We used our dining voucher from our timeshare resort gifted to us. Lighting was dim and the atmosphere was themed as if dining outdoors in a village (hence, the name of this buffet restaurant). The servers were dressed as village locals. Had great dining experience here.
2	Nasty, just nasty! I went with a group of friends who insisted on going. They had earlyer attended breakfast. I stuck with steamed veggies and some smoked salmon after sampling some versions of a french buffet. Meats were dried out or over cooked. The desserts were ok for buffet style dinning, in which I enjoyed the mini fruit tarts what made that an even worst experience was the fish flavored coffee. This french buffet is a suggestion of what french cusiene really is. Ohh if you want wantabbes that think they are french because your at a "french buffet" or want to travel to europe and the closest is the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas you will get that vibe. This place is a joke!!!
1	50 minutes waiting just to be seated. No plates. After asking for a high chair four times we just went and found one. Restrooms are... No words to describe. Is there any management running this place?Food is ok. Service is. Well there is no service.
3	Funny buffet X3 reasons... #1...the ambiance and seating is pretty dismal. I felt like I was sitting in a high school cafeteria fold out chair in the gym that had been decorated by the French Club in Paris theme for a school dance...  #2 Funny, the food looks like its going to be what you expect from an unfortunate buffet experience, dry and under seasoned, but when you sit back down and dig in, it ALL tasted really good. Now I didn't eat every single dish... But the salmon wasn't over cooked, the beef was tender and seasoned well, the chicken was tasty. The desserts were a lot of French fun.Wine comes with your meal, that's nice...#3 Funny... We made reservations and sat down immediately, nice. There was a line disney style curved in a little dark awful "lobby" area. Went on forever. There were at least 8-10 tables empty around us throughout our meal. Why? Generating hype with the line? It ain't a club!Go for the food, with a reservation and you'll be okay. But really, go to Wicked Spoon.
3	The buffet wasn't bad. The highlight of the meal was the bottle of wine we got, mussels, clams and the crepes. The servers were friendly, though not timely. We would wait at least 10 min to get refills on any drinks or even to get our plates cleared but when anyone showed up they were very nice. I loved loved the selection of cheese. They were pretty much everywhere but some areas I wish there was something to eat w the cheese. Perhaps I am used to eating cheese with crackers or even a selection of cold cut meats would help. The desserts that were present were yummy and I have no complaints. The thing that frustrated me the most was out table was uneven. It kept wobbling and literally I'm surprised no cups fell to the ground. I would recommend this place to go eat but keep in mind it's mostly French inspired foods.
5	Hands down the best buffet for breakfast in all of Las Vegas!  If the amazing crepes don't put you into a state of nirvana, I don't know what will.  We come here every time we are in town.
3	After a few days in Vegas, my boyfriend was dying to head to a buffet and we thought breakfast would be a good one. We read mixed reviews on so many across town and decided to just give Le Village Buffet a try. It is located in Paris, pretty easy to find near the shops. We waited in line between 10-15 minutes not due to limited seating due to the cashier and waiting to be seated.Once seated, our ordered for coffee and orange juice was taken and we headed to the food. There were no lines at any station, a few people at crepes and that was it. We got in around 10:30 which was perfect as they are starting to finish up breakfast service and switch to lunch, therefore the are putting out their last fresh trays of food. From eggs benedict to pastries we had plenty off options. The bacon was decent, egss bene good, pancakes yum. Turkey bacon, chicken sausage not so hot. Hash was great but scrambled eggs too wet. Pastries tasted like they came from Costco nothing special there. Should have started with a crepe to sample what they are known for but my stomach was growling.For the price $20 per person and the wait time I was pleased. Not over the moon, I mean it is a buffet but I would go again as it was an overall good experience.
4	Pricey for all you can eat buffet, as each individual was 20$. There were many different types of options, ranging from eggs, sausages, bakery items, made to order crepes, and fruit. I ordered the #2 sweet crepe, which was too filled with berries. They also scooped some whipped cream on top of the crepe, which made it perfect. Our waitress was marvelous and was very attentive to our needs.
3	The signature treats in this buffet are the crepes and the macaroons. Crepes are prepared to order with the ingredients you choose from their selection. They are topped with jam, whipped cream and powdered sugar. Extremely delicious!The presentation and set up need a little bit of work, though. Not all the stations are maintained cleaned.Read my extended review in my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/04/29/le-village-vs-the-buffet/
2	Bought lunch groupon with a free bottle of wine. Was very disappointed. Food was OK, not too many option. The wine was the worst wine I've ever had. We threw ours away, I notice others didn't drink it either.
3	Saving grace was the crepes. Meat was tough,  rubbery and somewhat flavorless, cake was dry.Crepes were awesome though. They saved the rating.
1	Figured I'd give this buffet a shot and went for Sunday dinner. I expected it to be good especially since it's on the higher end of the price scale but I was wrong. There seriously wasn't a thing in this place that I thought was good except the crepes. Skip this buffet!
3	Good food. Nice wait staff. Horrible noise level due to carts going by tables laden with dirty dishes. Had to stop talking each time one went by, which was every two minutes.
4	The breakfast at Le Village is amazing. With build your own crepes, build your own omelettes and huge selection of other dishes, there's something for everyone.
2	A year ago this was my favorite buffet in Vegas.  Perhaps I had just tried a few better places since that visit, but I felt very disappointed in the offerings this year. There were no hot crab legs, most of the mussels were closed and inedible, and the macarons were dry and stale tasting. I couldn't find much that I wanted to eat- even the cheese selection was lacking. I sipped on some onion soup and ate a cold baguette and left disappointed. Hopefully it was just an off night, but I won't be back to find out.
4	My wife and I dined at Le Buffet on 5-13. We enjoyed the French village setting and the food selections were good and also interesting. Save room for a crepe, they are outstanding.  The service was very adequate.After many trips to Las Vegas this is the first buffet we have gone to. Even though the dinner was comped, we agreed that it would be a value at the price. Do yourselves a favor, go on Open Table and make a reservation. You will avoid the line by entering through the door that is just to the left of the main entrance.
4	I liked it. I was here at lunch and ate mostly seafood (mussels, shrimp, Seafood Bouillabaisse) and later crab (we had a late lunch and they switch their menu to dinner at 3pm on week days) and it was all good. Also tried some grilled veggies (but grilling makes them all taste the same). The caprese salad was good. Sushi was a miss (there were 2 types and they weren't good). For dessert I enjoyed some flan and creme brulee. I was excited about the macaroons, but the 2 that i tried were too sweet. Wish I left some room for the infamous crepes, but I didn't so I just had a bite of someone else's berry crepe and it was delicious!
2	Overpriced. Food was subpar the salad bar and desert bar were quite nice though. Doubtful that I will return. The waitstaff were nice and were attentive though.
4	This was a decent buffet on the strip. They offered a lot of variety at each station with good quality food. The dessert bar was my favorite- the creme brulee and macaroons were the highlight. However, the wait to get in was a bit long. We stood in line for 30 min waiting for a table for 4 to open up at 3 pm on a Tuesday.
3	I usually try to avoid buffets whenever possible, but wound up here for a Sunday brunch, with bottomless mimosas. Most of the food was not bad but it was not great either, considering the price. I was letdown by the desserts (I expect more from a French place).
5	We went for breakfast and it was The Bomb.com!  A crepe bar, are you kidding me? Wow it was really great food and great options. I believe i paid around $30. Bring your club card. You get $2 off your meal. Every penny counts! Check out my pics! Yum
4	This was a pleasant surprise, my friends and I walked around forever trying to find a place to eat and because I was having a toothache I really didn't want to go to a buffet but long story short we ended up here...Sat night-short line.. I was a bit nervous.. WHY SO EASY?!the food was actually pretty good, decent meat selection, food quality was not bad at all, the variety was a bit lacking but it was enough! we all got one free glass of wine too which was a nice surprise. desserts would probably have to be their strongest part though, with the dessert bar and crepe station it was a home run!
1	Good but weird waitresses put labels on ur bottles of orange juice quit smelling my cup to see if it has alcohol in it
3	I was warned by my friends not to come here :( But I ignored their advice and I woefully regret it... Le Village Buffet is THEE spot that my cousins and I would bust a mission to go to when I was little. I have so many good memories of this place and I really wanted to come back here to revisit those pleasant memories... Well... those are nothing more than illusions of grandeur and definitely the failures of romanticizing about the past. I came here alone for breakfast when my friends were all sleeping and recovering from our nighttime adventures. I remember it was really cheap, about $20-something for the breakfast buffet. The people were very nice and accommodating... BUT THE FOOD!!!!! Bleh, the plate I grabbed was so horrible I had to cut up and re-arrange the food on my plate to make it look like I actually touched it so the lady would take it away. I liked their eggs florentine, the ham the grapefruit, the fruits and the orange juice... but quiche was too oily, the selection of scrambled eggs were disappointing and the steak and potatoes were overcooked. The crepe was "okay" but the bananas were too soggy, I just brushed it aside and ate the outside part with the nutella. I didn't even want to eat the breakfast pastries... it was just chocolate croissants, muffins, danish, cinnabuns, etc... nothing special or out of the ordinary... This experience does not even come close to how AMAZING I remember Le Village Buffet to be... Definitely not worth stuffing my face for :(
3	Been here a few times when I'm in Vegas. They have an average food selection. But this place does give off a cute French vibe that makes you feel like you're in Paris. I wish they had more meats to choose from though because I'm a huge meat person. The only meat that was good was the prime rib. The rest were average.
4	The people working there are always swamped so always give them a little more room as they get cranky gamblers, swarms of families on a daily basis. I thought the food could use more work as I was surprised to find sushi rolls and sesame seaweed in the selection.
5	One of the best buffets on the strip. The layout of the food is in 'shops' and breaks the food into groupings based on the area. There are countless stations filled with great food that never fails to satisfy. The selection is always vast and varied to cater to everyone in your group. There is often a wait, but it's well worth it!
5	Best food ever. We too took advantage of the Groupon deal which made it sweeter yet. We alway eat at Le Buffet when in Vegas
2	Slow service, rude hostess and cold food. What's the point when you have so many options?
4	solid four and a half. Good food, great service. The crab was super fresh and I likes the offerings and desert. I would have this as my top seven buffets in Vegas!
4	My husband and I went to gorge ourselves on seafood, duck l'orange, and french pastries. The food was very good: sushi, crab legs, yummy cold seafood and salads. Crepes. Macarons. Cheese. Pate'. Duck l'orange. Great vegetables. Minus one star for the all-you-can-drink portion. The wine was nasty -- sweet like Livingston or a comparable brand (which I wish I didn't even know, but sadly I do.)Just do all-you-can-eat and drink somewhere else for the money the all-you-can-drink costs.
2	No more made to order omelets and you can't pick exactly what you want in your crepes, instead you just pick from a predetermined list of crepes and pre-made scrambled eggs. I understand that the change makes it faster getting through lines but it definitely isn't as great of a value as it was. The rest of the food was just mediocre
1	Went here for dinner on 06/04/14.The crepes were soggy even though it was made to order. A predetermined menu gave you a selection. No "alittle of this and alittle of that". Station was dirty and was shocked to see a large plastic cup with TIPS written on it sitting on the counter. Went to get a roll and was honestly horrified at the broken and chipped 'sneeze guard' (not sure of the official name) that was being held together with MASKING TAPE! Yes...MASKING TAPE! What? No manager in his or her right mind would allow this if they were paying attention to it. Side Note: Bread was stale.Food counters were filthy and looked like they hadn't seen a good scrub down or even wipe down in days.Desserts - total disappointment.What a disappointment you are to me my dear Paris.I will not be back.
5	Wow, nice surprise! The variety and quality of food were great, I do not drink alchocol, so not comments on that. I will definitely come back!
5	One of the better Vegas buffets. All your usual buffet trappings, but with a French twist. It was the macaroons that did me in.
3	Grate staff but food us not a 25.00 Buffett Good to the kids but then if unlike pasta then It's for you. It's a eaters pick ether you love it or hate it. I'm giving 3 out of 5
3	Solid selection.  Best deal on the Buffet-of-Buffets without the up charge.  I have ranked the buffets we tried because the reviews on here can be deceiving...#1 Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars...worth the up charge.  You must go.#2 Le Village at Paris...does not compare to Bacchanal but the best quality of food without the up charge.#3 Carnival World Cafe at Rio#4 Spice Market at Planet Hollywood#5 Flavors at HarrahsThe last three in my opinion were very similar and mediocre buffet style food.  #1 and #2 had more gormet style food.
5	HOLY MOLY!!This place is so surreal!This is my favorite buffet!Crepes?! Unlimited?!Pairs! Eiffel Tower it has it allThis is a very good buffet to enjoy for breakfast! The waitress are very outgoing and friendly The atmosphere is so phenomenal!!It's basically like your in pairs the staff are dressed up you have clouds in the ceiling, the walls have bricks they dim the lights the line wait is very well worth it
4	Cavatappi with truffle cream sauce is the bomb! It tastes amazing. It's better when it's fresh. Everything here is intriguing, the atmosphere, the food, and the employee uniforms. I will come back here again
2	I can't believe I didn't check the reviews before coming here. This place was disgusting. The price person was ridiculous for such cruddy quality food. Where do I start off? I started with soup, as soon as I saw it from a far being swirled around by the chef standing by, I felt a little skeptical about getting it. You could automatically tell that shit was all starch, because it was soooooo thick. It was soooo bland, blegh. Crab legs? That stuff tasted so old, it was frozen cold too. And there's barely any meat. My boyfriend took advantage of their meat selection. He mentioned the meat was tough and bland. We are a big fan of truffle recipes. And they had macaroni and cheese made with some truffle oil. It was gross, it was all butter and a tiny dash of truffle oil to make it smell like it. The only thing good about this place, in terms of food, was their unlimited crepes. I was able to get a dinner crepe and a dessert crepe after. Both were OKAY. The staff that were working and taking our plates were very sweet. They refilled our drinks as soon as they were empty and they took our plates fast. I was able to converse with one of the chefs making my crepe, she was cool too. But, I thought this place wasn't good. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Even one of our taxi drivers said that this place is one of the worst buffets here because we told him how we ate there.
3	My best man and matron of honor and I all ate here for brunch.  The price was $35 each and included mimosas and bloody marys.  There was a wide selection of food to choose from including seafood and sushi.  The food was so-so but I had a nice time.
5	We had our brunch here and it was really delicious! This is my favorite buffet of the "Buffet of Buffets" pass. Line was not that long and we were seated in an area designed like a cottage. I really linked the scenery and atmosphere of Le Village, it was like we were in France!The food was excellent! A good amount of variety and plenty of standout items such as the crepe, Eggs Benedict, smoked salmon, macaroons and flan. They also made omelets but I was too full to try it. By the end of the meal, we were all really full and enjoyed it.This buffet is definitely one that I revisit when I'm in Vegas again! My ranking of the buffets1. Le Village Buffet (Paris)2. Carnival World Buffet (Rio)3. Spice Market Buffet (Planet Hollywood)4. Flavors the Buffet (Harrah's)Didn't get to try the Paradise Garden Buffet at the Flamingo because we were too full!
4	This place is ok.  It's 2ed to the Ceaser's palace buffet in my eyes.  I love the environment setting here just because it feels like outside dining. Other then that the food is somewhat quality and it's a good experience.
4	One of the best and affordable buffets on the strip! The service was tremendous and the food quality is honestly what you pay for.
3	The Le Village Buffet is not the greatest buffet in Las Vegas. I mean it is only $30 for dinner, but still might as well spend it somewhere else.The food was okay, nothing great. There was an okay selection but nothing out of the ordinary. The highlight was probably the crepes, but even then the crepes you can get at Jean Philippe is so much better. The macaroons were so stale and the rest of the desserts didn't really taste that great.The environment is probably the best thing about the buffet because it looks really cool and unique from all the other buffets. Still probably not a good enough reason to pay so much for only subpar food. Customer service was very friendly and nice.Overall, just splurge a bit more and go to Bachannal or the Wynn to enjoy a great buffet in Vegas. How often do you get to go to Vegas?
2	Service... Anyone??This is the second time I've had the same waitress located in one of the middle rooms (skinny middle-aged woman). The host sat us down and told us to wait for the server to get our drinks. So, like well-behaved students we sat...and waited...and waited some more for our waitress to come over. I was literally watching her as she went from empty table to empty table to set up the plates and utensils when literally there were other customers in the room who needed tending to. There weren't even new customers going to those tables that were being set up. We waited about 15 minutes before she randomly came over with juice and iced tea to our table which we did not even order. It took about another 20 minutes before we were even served water and coffee, but no coffee cups. Once the room started to become filled, she took everyone else's order first, before coming to our table to finally ask what we wanted to drink even though we were there before about 90% of the other tables. It was just SOOO ridiculous.The previous time we came about 6 months prior, we had the same lady. She gave us attitude when we wanted 1 champagne and 1 juice for each person.  I don't understand why it was such a big issue when in the end she just gave us a jug of each. So simple, yet she had to make such a big deal out of it. Then, throughout the entire meal, she was giving us the stink eye.Food-wise: I would say it's just average. There's not a huge selection like Spice Market or Bacchanal. There was nothing that really stood out to me.Tip: If you do decide to come here, try to get a table that's not in the middle room, preferable a table in the main area. Service has always been better there. If you get seated in the middle room beg to be moved elsewhere. You've been warned!
4	Of the buffets we tried, this is one of the better ones.The seafood was iffy, but it always is at a buffet!I LOVE the sauteed mushrooms. I think I had thirds.We received a free glass of wine with our meals, which was a nice touch.Most of the staff doesn't speak  English very well, so that was super frustrating with a group of 12, since they were extremely worried about making sure we pre-paid the 18% gratuity. Needless to say, she was not tipped on top of that because the whole dibacle made us want to leave in the first place.
3	Stumbled in for breakfast while stating at Paris. The total rewards price is $20.99, which is a bit rich for what you get. The crepe station looked good and based on the feedback from a couple friends the crepes were quite delicious. But, there was a 15 minute wait which didn't seem worth it. I sampled the bagel and lox, oatmeal, pancakes, and fruit. All was mediocre. My main concern was the smell on some of the cantaloupe. It had a foul odor so it may have been old. The service was extremely lackluster. We had to flag down the waitress twice just to get more coffee. Overall, you get what you pay for. We could have gone to a bigger name breakfast buffet and paid $35, but we went here. In my opinion, it's not worth $20 and I won't be back.
3	After trying a couple of buffets in Vegas over various trips one of my friends had a coupon for here so we made a second round to what Paris's buffet had to offer during dinner.I wasn't super impressed the first time however we did arrive during the transition between brunch and dinner so I figured maybe not as many options were available.  To my surprise I actually preferred brunch time since they had more dishes that catered to my personal tastes; eggs benidict and smoked salmon? That's pretty much all I need in my life with some good dessert haha. Everything in general is just kind of 'meh' and didn't feel it's worth the money. One of my friends was actually really disappointed with the place and wish we would have went elsewhere for our buffet fix.If you want some prime rib, turkey or stuffed lamb be prepared to wait in another pretty long line. The lamb was good but not that great. I can get soooooo much better lamb near where I live. My friends really enjoyed their prime rib but boyfriend said it wasn't the best he'd had either.There's never really a line for any of the other sections of the buffet. Potatoes are whatever...but like I said most things served here is medicore with nothing particularly standing out. And to my disappointment the dessert here was lacking. Come on, the french revolutionized patisserie! I would have expected a lot better. Oh well.Overall I'd say if you're gonna go to a buffet go big and go to Bacchanal if you're really into your seafood (they had the best/freshest options for that department in my opinion) or I really enjoyed Bellagios (my personal favorite) buffet which had the most options overall at only $30 a person.
4	I would say this is a great choice for dinner buffet. There was a wide array of food choices.  There's was greek, asian, italian, and several other types of food. Everything looked fresh. My favorite part was dessert. Oh my goodness I thought I was going to have a food coma. So many tasty desserts and so delicately prepared. Our waitress was funny and always helpful. We never had to ask for refills on our drinks because she was always on the look out. I'm excited to return again so I can enjoy the dessert :-)
2	This USED to be one of the best breakfast buffets. I won't go again after today. The room we are in has wall paper peeling off in multiple places. We got a glass as our creamer,  made to order omlettes are good, but potatoes taste freezer burnt. The serving utensils at the buffet are sticky (gross!). Smoked salmon is good.Worst part... there are NO REAL Jams, jellies or preserves, only prepackaged cups of Smucker's which is all high fructose corn syrup. My impression is there was a major budget cut back and the quality has suffered greatly.
4	We went here for lunch based on a friend's recommendation. I'm usually not one to do a buffet in Vegas as I don't want to have that bloated feeling from overeating. Thankfully this buffet was full of delicious food that made me want to enjoy it and not just chow down to get my money's worth! The crepe station was probably my favorite. They have a list of savory and sweet options and they're all made fresh, however you want them. Bring a few bucks to tip these guys as they are quick and make really delicious crepes. The other areas are set up according to regions in France but if you're like most people it's just different food stations;) They had a good selection of different seafood such as clams, mussels, and shrimp. No crab legs for lunch though, bummer! They also have a nice salad area and make sure you save room for the dessert station! The macaroons were awesome and I believe there a few different flavors to try. Everything was great, the price was average for a buffet, and I didn't feel like a whale after eating at least 3-4 plates of delicious food! The buffet was not overwhelming as some can be. There were a lot of choices but not so many that I felt I had to try it all which is probably why other buffets have caused me to feel lethargic after eating at them. The service was a little off which is why I can't give them 5 stars. We were there with friends who were Diamond members who had already paid for everyone. When we arrived there was a host that was over-catering to another group and completely ignored us. When we tried to tell another host that we had already paid and just needed to find our group we had to repeat it several times and the host for some reason still could not understand and kept telling us to get in line and pay. It ended up that we finally ended up calling our friends to come out and meet us. After that debacle things got better and the waitstaff inside was very attentive.
5	Went there with a party of 11, we all gave this place a 10 plus. Everything was Delicious and we are all definitely coming back.
1	I was sadly disappointed by the rundowness of the buffet. The wallpaper on the walls and ceiling of the tables were chipped. Now let's talk about the food, the only thing that was good were the made to order crepes. The creme brulee was a cheap version, it really didn't taste like from relay on the sugar was barely there on top.  The feed basically was typical hotel food. In order to you get our money's worth we did he said he three pounds of crab.
4	We did a reservation on opentable for breakfast and good thing we did otherwise we would've had to wait for 30 minutes in line. When we went in, there were a lot of tables still empty so I don't really understand why their line was so long. Since we came in at 10:30, we got to experience both breakfast and lunch dishes.We came here because my mom desperately wanted to try their AYCE macarons. She said they were a disappointment because good macarons are supposed to melt in your mouth and their's didn't. That failure aside, many of their dessert dishes were pretty good, like the creme brulee and fruit tart. Their crepe was a bummer. The batter was tasteless and the berries were sour. The candied nuts they use are not fresh and have that refrigerated taste. All the meat dishes I tried were delicious. The prime rib was cooked just right and the pork apple dish was yummy, much better than the dry chewy crap at The Bacchanal. Their hot cherries were good. I think it's hilarious how they have sushi.Service was average as far as buffets go. Our server came to our table so infrequently that we had to place our finished dishes on a nearby table. Overall, I enjoyed the food and would probably go again. Lots of quality desserts and meats to choose from is always a bonus for me.
5	Wow. I can definitely saw i was impressed with the breakfast here .. Their cheese , hame, egg quiche was very fresh and tasty. The biscuits and sausage gravy was sol delicious i actually had seconds.. They have over 5-6 different egg selections pre made.. If u don't want them pre made u can make your own omelette and the omelette station.... Or u can just have plain eggs, sunny side up, scramble, etc. the carving station has ham and thick bacon Fresh fruit and lots of sweets!!! The ice cream was a vanilla custard a chocolate custard... It was similar to frozen yogurt but it tastes so rich and creamy.  Overalll i highly recommend it too everyone to try!!!
5	Our Server "Isela" was great. Food is good and tasty. Enjoyed the desserts. My wife and I enjoyed our dinner. Got a heavy and full belly on the way out.
1	I've eaten here for breakfast and for dinner, months apart. The food and service would get three stars......but both times I've eaten here I've suffered an attack of TMI so violent that I was FORCED TO DROP TROU SOMEWHERE THAT WAS NOT A BATHROOM. The omelet station guy was great and the service was friendly, but it doesn't make up for having to crap on a pedestrian overpass and wipe my ass with some homeless guy's discarded sweatshirt. I'm lucky to not have ass herpes or a citation for indecent exposure.Sure, the first time I could blame bad luck, but a second time, months later? Someone needs to upgrade their standards for food prep. Meanwhile, I'll stick to rolling the dice somewhere that "craps" is not a literal consequence.
4	Service was on point. The food appears to be pretty consistent as this is my third time having lunch here. The lunch and dinner menu seem very similar.  My favorite part are the desserts. I absolutely love the fruit tarts and often find myself grabbing a bunch ( for peace of mind) lol.
4	This is a great buffet. I have tried this buffet for breakfast and dinner on two separate occasions and they were both great.This buffet is on the 24 hour unlimited buffets of buffets list. By far, this is my favorite. Dont be discouraged by the long line. The wait is usually 20-30 minutes. The food is tasty and delicious. The Italian/French cuisine will make you want more and more but guess what? You can have more and more... lol.The dessert selection is big and most of them are great. Overall, I highly recommend this buffets.
1	Awful buffet!  Food wasn't delicious and there wasn't a croissant in sight. Total bummer.
5	Yummy!! We hit Paris to start our buffet of buffets about 3 pm on a Friday.  The off time allowed us to walk right in. What a treat! The crepe making station was SO good!! I had 2 and couldn't eat another bite or I would have had more! They have an awesome selection for non meat eaters such as myself.  Great pastas, soups, cheeses, bread and did I mention crepes?! The Mac and cheese with truffles and peas was to die for and so were the scalloped potatoes.   Husband who eats meat wasn't as impressed, but really he can eat at any buffet and be happy.  He also didn't have Nutella crepes!   The service was really great, friendly waitress and quick drink refills.  You can't go wrong here!
1	Awful experience, the food option is terrible. I should of gone with the reviews, but I still wanted to give it a chance anyways. I would NOT recommend anyone to try this place. Lack of service, food options, & quality of food.
2	Big problems with proper food handling and customer control, )kids touching food using and returning plates to stacks, etc.)  I almost guarantee you'll get sick to your stomach if eating here.  Its a shame since the concept is so nice.  This is one you'd think the health department would key into
5	My friend and I tried the breakfast as part of our "Buffet of Buffets" pass.  The food was outstanding!  Fresh breads, crispy bacon, and the crepes were delicious.  Our waitress was very courteous and attentive.  My friend and I had such a good experience that we decided to come back for dinner.  Our dinner experience was wonderful as well.  They had a wide variety of dishes ranging from seafood (crab legs, salmon, mussels) to sausages, pasta dishes, duck, and prime rib.  "Le Village" strives to be a top-notch French restaurant, so you won't find standard American fare here (fried chicken, ribs, large salad bar, etc.).  But if you're in the mood for a meal with a European flare and excellent service, I highly recommend this place.
5	I love love love this Buffet.  I love French food to begin with.  An added pleasure is that they have a wonderful creperie in the buffet which can make custom crepes for you.  Love it love it love it.  I hate the lines though- especially during the weekends.  But the lines are proof in itself that the food here is delicious.  Bring your total rewards card when you check in here so you get the points.
4	Make a reservation through 'Open Table' a day in advance. Gotta hit a buffet when your in Las Vegas, right? This wasn't a crazy luxurious buffet but it was decent. We went for lunch. Didn't wait long at all.All the buffet standerds and French dishes too. Plenty of food choices but not overwhelming. Crepe station was yummy. The pastries were good. Definitely got our money's worth.
3	Beautiful setting and crepes are the only selling point of this buffet. The rest of the food is mediocre at best and the servers are not the friendliest in Las Vegas and act like you are an inconvenience to them whenever you ask for anything. Maybe they are trying to be authentically French  :-)
3	Perhaps I was expecting too much, but these my 3rd and 4th visits to Le Village Buffet (we had both dinner and breakfast) where nowhere as successful as the previous one.DINNERWe got the Buffet of Buffets pass ($50 for 24-hours entrance to associated buffets), so we didn't go for dinner until 8 PM - which shouldn't be particularly late in a city like Las Vegas, but apparently was.  The place was hopping and there were enough people in line that I was happy we had made a reservation through open table, but some dishes had not been replenished and the quality of the food was less than stellar.This time I started with the capatti with truffle sauce, which was almost as good as last year.  The duck a l'orange was overcooked and a little tough, but not too greasy and the orange sauce was good.  Scalloped potatoes were as good as I remembered.  Same thing for the tri-tip.Other dishes were a failure.  Both the prime rib and the stuffed lamb were dry, the former was also chewy.  The mac & cheese had peas instead of bacon, and even my 9-year old didn't like it.  The sole was cooked florentine style, and also seemed dry.  They were out of quiche when I visited.  The pork belly, which had been served in a cute individual plate last year, now had the texture and flavor of pork shoulder, but still managed to feel dry in my mouth.  I usually like my dishes salty, but I felt most of the meat was oversalted.For dessert I had a made-to-order crepe with mixed berries and bananas inside, and caramel sauce, powdered sugar, whipped cream and candied hazelnuts outside.  It was outstanding, delicious, perfect.  I would much recommend.The creme brule was also quite good, and there was a square cheesecake with berry fruit inside which was also delicious.  Other cheesecakes weren't, but I didn't  try too many of the desserts.  Service was good, but all in all, I didn't think it was a particularly noteworthy meal.BREAKFASTBreakfast this morning was also disappointing - or would have been if I had paid full price for it.  None of the pastries looked appetizing, they weren't French and they were served cold! My daughter likened them to pastries from Costco.  We didn't actually try them, however, so perhaps they weren't so bad.  She had a muffin and enjoyed them.  My husband said the slab bacon was pretty good.  They have a wide assortment of savory dishes, but I prefer sweet fair in the morning.So I had a crepe, or rather, a crepe and a half. One was like the one I described above, and the other was its #1 crepe, the one with banana and nutella.  I enjoyed them both.  However, there is a creperie right outside selling crepes for $11, which is a better deal than the breakfast buffet.The coffee was OK, the orange juice was low-quality bottled stuff.  Again, not really impressed.
4	I loooooveeeee the Prime Rib here is very tender and tasty. I made reservations through OpenTable to avoid waiting in line since I could get very impatient standing in a long line. So yes, my friend and I have avoided the long line and we went through the "VIP" door where we checked in, paid, and got seated right away. Our server came up to our table right away to take our drink order and we've proceeded to getting our food. The moment I saw Prime Rib... I've patiently waited for the people in front of me to get their cut and make up their minds about which sauce to put. Next, I went to their seafood area and there was a horde of people taking all the crab legs which I find very annoying... because hello people you're not the only ones at the buffet to take all of those crab legs. I left but I had an intention to go back for my second round of plate. I saw the dessert selections and I love their french macaroons the most... the same person taking all the crab legs was behind me so I took all the chocolate french macaroons.. I mean seriously there was only 5 left lol payback I guess?In the end... I got my crab legs and left a happy camper. Our server was very quick and attentive filling up our waters and other drinks. NOMNOMS
4	Las Vegas is the land of buffets, but choosing the right one is the difference between getting yourself sick with wonderful dishes and getting yourself sick with hepatitis A. Le Village Buffet will poison you with two main delicacies: their dishes and their prices. Relative to other buffets, Le Village is not only more economic but more worthy of your time and palate. Their many stations offer food from various regions of France. You will also get your typical buffet items like salad and dessert bars. Weekend brunch with champagne and mimosas is not to be missed. Their crepe station and coffee are my personal favorites. Make a free reservation through Open Table and skip the ridiculous line. Choose this place over Wicked Spoon and The Buffet at Wynn any time.
4	$30.99 for all-you-can-eat? I'm sold. The all-you-can-drink deal is a great value as well. But what was more noteworthy was the food. Boy was it delicious! I also loved the atmosphere of the place and had quite a relaxing dining experience. My only complaint was the long wait, but this place is busy for a reason. Definitely worth the wait. I've been here before and I will definitely come here again!
5	I honestly think this is the best value buffet on the strip. We had a Groupon but I would pay full price in the heart beat next time - and there will be a next time! Unbelievable breads, creative dishes like apples and pork belly (SO GOOD), and this pasta I could eat for every meal and just love. All these things would give it 4 stars but then the CREPE! Omg the apple crepe is literally to die for. Find room for it. Highly recommend - and I've eaten at all the major buffets on the strip.
4	We find this to be the second best Caesar's buffet. Planet Hollywood is slightly better and we find the Bacchanal to be average and way too expensive. What we like about Le Village is the decor, always French Onion soup, creepes station, and many little other things that make ti worthwhile. We find the salads to be fresh, and plenty of options. Desserts are among the best and a nice variety. However, the location of the desert station is the omelet station for breakfast and it is in an awkward spot. Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, we have had them all and we just like this place. The line can be long unless you are Diamond or Platinum where you can just walk right up and get seated right away. Staff is always attentive and friendly. Most bend over backwards to make your meal enjoyable. Just take a deep breath, and make sure you look over everything. Like we said, not the best in Vegas but really decent. The only drawback is that they keep raising their prices and for a Monday $29 is way too much for dinner when there are plenty of other choices. Sooner or later, people will stop paying these high buffet prices and things can go back to where they should be - around $20 at the most.
1	I am very disappointed with this buffet as we had a party of ten and were told in order to sit together we had to include an 18% gratuity or they would have to split us up. We told them to split us up as I'm sorry but I am getting my own food and you are bringing me drinks and supposed to be picking up our plates which did not happen once. It's like once we decided to split they were not Happy and wrote a big SPLIT on our Check and each waitress said oh their a split and made sure we were in 2 different rooms far apart from each other when there was plenty of room in our room and other people came in so they still had other party of fives in there. They were not friendly and although the food was good and had a good variety we will not be returning due to the poor customer service and horrible attitude of the staff. The other 3 buffets split us no problem and still sat us by each other and guess what we left a good tip. I mean we brought 10 people to your buffet but I refuse to be forced into a set gratuity for not doing anything. If it were a regular restaurant then I would understand the gratuity as they are working their butts off to provide service. It was ridiculous and uncalled for and I have to say the selection and service at the spice market were awesome and they were packed and still did an awesome job!
1	This buffet is not worth the $33 they charge. The food was mediocre at best. I would NOT suggest this to any of my friends or family.
4	This was part of our buffet pass. And honestly I would come to this buffet solely for breakfast. I would go to either planet Hollywood or rio for dinner if I had the world of buffets pass. Simply because the selection here is really small. The meat cutter for dinner is a great guy very comical. But I would stick to breakfast here because the creeps are amazing.
3	3 stars...AT BEST.After going to Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon....I really don't know how other buffets can compete.Sunday Brunch with champagne included: $30.99 per person WITHOUT Total Rewards Players Card. I think it's $29.99 for TR members.Food selection wasn't really good. VERY small section of Italian, no Asian dishes except for fake, gross sushi. No Mexican section either. There were plenty of breakfast dishes though....yes, I know I went here for "brunch" but damn....it was almost 1pm when we got seated. I would at least expect there to be more lunch options versus breakfast... They got some good soups (potato leek and creamy chicken), nice "french" breads and bagels, some fancy cheese options.Dessert was kind of a let down. No gelato. They only had a cheap ice cream machine with the usual chocolate and vanilla flavors. They do however have macaroons (yes...they advertise that like crazy), parents enjoyed the caramel brulee and the lemon cream pie. I came. I tried. I'm NOT coming back.
5	I've been here twice for the weekend brunch.For being a buffet, the food is great. Everything I got tasted good. Our server was on top of things and kept our mimosas filled.  Couldn't be happier. It will remain at the top of my list for buffet brunch.The funny part? We enjoyed this buffet more than we enjoyed the overrated bacchanal buffet.
4	We had a groupon for this buffet. when we got there we did not have the page with the bar code and could not remember our passwod to get into Groupon to find our deal. The manager was very  nice and said she would honor our deal anyway. The prime rib was excellent and  everything else we had was good and what we didnt have  looked good! Would recommend this Las Vegas buffet. We will definitely go back next time we are in town.
5	I love to experience vegas buffets and this one did not disappoint! The food was high quality and delicious. The ambiance was superb, I felt like I was eating in a cute little village in Paris. I absolutely loved the variety they had and how it was sectioned. They also had a crepe station where the chef prepares the crepe exactly how you want it.
1	Went for breakfast at 9:30am on a Tuesday and at a time when the freshest food should have been available (there was quite a wait to get in) everything tasted stale.  The bagels, the english muffins used in the eggs benedict, and even the potato triangles (hash browns) were all so hard that they either crumbled or you couldn't cut through them.  The scrambled eggs were watery and the lox were presented on a plate where half looked a few days old and the other half looked somewhat fresh. How does a big hotel like this justify the poor food quality?  You're better off leaving the hotel and going to a real breakfast restaurant, and you probably won't have to wait to get uninspired, and in some cases inedible food.  Big disappointment.
5	The best part of the buffet is the crepe station. everything else was just meh. Five stars for the sweet  menu on  and the banana crepe with nutella and toasted hazelnuts. Bomb!
5	Everything is delicious , the view is beautifully design to look like an small French town, service is great!!!!!
2	Nothing really changed since the last time I was here. Food just palatable, desserts improved a bit. The prime rib dry like they cooked it earlier and it's been sitting around. Nothing that stands out. A lot of duplicate dishes done slightly different. For $32 that's with tax for dinner it's not worth it unless your a gambler and get a comp or need a quick bite. I would pass plenty of other buffets to choose with bigger selection if your into buffets. I was in a rush and got a comp so ate it today but like I always say never eat at a Vegas buffet it's only a tourist trap with crappy food most of the time. On a positive note service was decent.
5	Had breakfast and dinner in this buffet, so far so good . From prime rib too Asian roll, split crab leg and shirmp, soups, Mediterranean cuisine and crepes made to order savory or sweet and desserts my favorite creme brulee and macarons.  Yummy :)Event sweeter deals if you buy buffet of buffet which is 24 hours buffet to buffet wristbands.
4	I love the food here.  I've done 24 hours buffet and I keep on coming back every I visit Vegas,  The only thing is the line can be a problem.... especially on the weekend.  My favorite is the desert section.
5	I always find myself coming back here.. I think it's the decor and extensive buffet.  I love the brunch!!
3	I thought this place was okay. I felt like it used to be better and many years ago the lines extended forever. I was surprised to just walk up with no wait (for a Sat night dinner) and I guess I should have suspected that perhaps the quality of the food just isn't quite the same. I thought everything was fine but I don't know if I would go back. In that sense, it's pretty disappointing.
5	Amazing -- all you can eat crab legs neatly sawed open for you to eat on the half shell for quick/easy eating---delectable!!Prime rib like butter!!Crepe station with the most sophisticated savory crepe combos -- makes it all worth it.Fresh-grilled tri-tip or chicken.Individual Creme Brulee's or various fancy Macaroons!!Personable service.Go.
4	My friends and I visited the Le Village Buffet twice, once for dinner and the second was for breakfast, due in part because we purchased the Buffet of Buffets pass. After reading some tips in regards to the buffet of buffets my friends and I decided that the Le Village Buffet and the Spice Market Buffet were the only 2 buffets worth visiting. The Le Village Buffet definitely feels like a Vegas buffet. The interior resembles a small French village that successfully makes you believe that you've been transported to another country, but that is as French as it gets. Once you see the entrees offered you'll realize that the Le Village Buffet is just like any other Vegas buffet, with the exception of a full packed crepe station. Luckily the food at the Le Village Buffet is cooked very well.Breakfast:When we came for breakfast, my friends and I were excited to try some authentic crepes. Unfortunately the majority of the crepes offered were a let down. I tried a berry filled crepe, a banana nutella crepe, a ham and cheese crepe, and lastly a green onion chicken crepe. Out of the 4 the best was the banana nutella crepe and my least favorite was the green onion chicken crepe (I'd actually recommend not even ordering the green onion chicken crepe).The other breakfast items offered were delicious. I strongly recommend grabbing an eggs benedict, (the hollandaise sauce was light but not overpowering, unlike the Spice Markets benedict which was unappetizing, due to the strong mayonaise taste), the carved ham was cooked to perfection, and the maple syrup polenta was simply too good. I'd avoid the bacon slab, which is basically a large thick cut of bacon; there was just too much fat and it was way too salty. Dinner:Just a FYI, there's literally no special French entrees, so just keep that in mind when coming here for dinner. Overall the dinner items offered are very good. There's a good variety of selections, with the carving station being the highlight. The prime rib was moist and tender, and topping it off with some aju only made it better. I'd stay away from the crab legs though, they didn't seem very fresh and one of my friends actually left a little sick. Other than that the rest of dinner items offered were quite good.Overall I'd definitely come back to Le Village Buffet, and if I do get the buffet of buffets pass again then I'll probably visit only this buffet, unless you purchase the premium buffets.  To good eatings :)
3	"A-Ok" if you come on a groupon deal and just want to chow down on some sliced snow crab legs with minimal effort while downing a bottle of wine included in the deal.This place used to be on the elite end of buffets a while back alongside Bellagio, but they too have joined the ranks of mediocrity.The prime rib was overdone and nothing special (buffet at Aria still has the best buffet prime rib).The highlight of the meal would be the crepe station at the end, but forget getting a "savory" crepe that would have cheese meat and veggies as the lady cooking the crepe is in such a rush to get your crepe done and go on to the next, that the cheese inside the crepe hasn't melted even 1%...it's like eating a fork full of shredded cheese out of a bag at the supermarket...so go for the sweet crepe for dessert and skip the savory as any part of your meal.Everything else wasn't worth mentioning. The ambiance is nice but the food has really slipped. I would kick myself for paying full price.
3	If not for their desert area, Paris buffet would have got two stars. Made to order crepe station is best part of this buffet along with their colorful macaroons.Quality have gone down tremendously through the year.  Either that, or I have outgrown my taste for buffet.No selection of food besides sausages and mollusks. Had like 5 different kind of sausages and 4 different kind of mollusks  based entrees such as clams and mussels.
2	There was something missing. I cAnt put my finger on it. I wasn't satisfied with the food. I wasn't satisfied with the service, I just didn't feel like I had an overall satisfying experience at this buffet compared to other buffets I have visited in the past.
5	Just wanted to confirm my 5 star rating :)Came back for dinner this time and it was just as good. I think it was about $35 for Sunday night dinner, which is not bad considering how pricey some of the other ones can get. Of course, you can go to ones that are cheaper, but those are just straight up disgusting and not even worth the cheapness. I think this is a good moderately priced buffet for a good quality meal. I'm not gonna name everything I ate, but everything I did eat was delicious. I especially liked the salmon! YUM! I'm always a fan if the fish isn't dry.Overall, a good quality, but moderately priced buffet to go to.
4	My husband and I went here for breakfast. It was good, excellent selection, especially choices of different types of eggs, waffles, crepes, etc. I would not say, that quality was over the top but selection was good, price was reasonable. I would come back again
5	Everything was delicious! Lots of options and literally everything I had was delicious.
3	This is an excellent buffet. The reason I only gave it 3 stars? They advertised crab, but when I asked for crab only found a nasty, messy ice pit of broken crab shells. However.... Just before I left, I noticed a gentleman at the table next to us feasting on a huge bowl of HOT STEAMING CRAB LEGS. I asked our waitress what's the deal, she replied it was a VIP gambler, only VIP's get the hot crab. Excuse me? I just dropped almost $100 for two people and I don't get the steamed crab? Wow. Ripoff. Not cool. Other than this glaring defect we enjoyed most of the other items, good tasting sauces on some of the chicken items, the meatballs and a couple other items. Spend a few more bucks and go to Ceasars Bacchanal buffet, my current favorite and a supreme feast for about $50.
4	We came back here twice! Our server was a singer and really an entertaining gem. She reminded me of a really cheerful Bella from Beauty & the Beast only black :) The food: $31. for dinner   Carving station rocked perfectly cooked, prime rib, turkey, duck, & pork wrapped something really tasty???  Crab legs were cut open in half so no fighting with them and they weren't dried out, seafood was tasty, great variety of sausages, and sides. They had a cheese station and like 7 -8 different rolls. Desserts were out of this world! Sushi was great, crepes were made to order yummm! My only complaint couldn't get a martini :(  With all the choices we had we went back a 2nd time.
4	The food is pretty good.  they have just about everything here, except Bathrooms.  Big bummer.   Drink service is sort of slow.   Overall good tho
4	This used to be one of the top two or three buffets in Vegas. While it's still good, it's starting to feel the effects of downsizing the number of options it serves, and I can't quite put it in the same tier as the buffets at Caesar's, Bellagio, or Wynn.What they serve is usually pretty good. I remember they did a tri-tip one night that was absolutely excellent, and their prime rib never disappoints. They also get points for a very good dessert section.If you get the Buffet of Buffets deal (which I'd advise; if you eat at more than one buffet in 24 hours, it pays for itself), or are just in the neighborhood, this is a pretty solid lunch or dinner option (haven't eaten breakfast here, so I can't comment on that). Unfortunately, it used to be GREAT, and it isn't anymore.
5	We went for champagne brunch on Saturday. We were seated almost right away. The food was excellent, as were the drinks, and while it didn't have the same selection as some of the other buffets, it was still tasty and filling! Our waitress was super attentive and very polite. All in all, we left satisfied and very happy having spent our money there!
1	I've been here twice in the last two years. Food quality and service sucked both times. Their crab legs were a one star as well as the rest.This is definitely not a top 10 las vegas buffet.  Trust me, save the real estate in your stomach for one of the top five buffets. Come here only if you are desperately hungry and can't wait to get to another nearby casino buffet. To the chefs and management of this place: get your act together, this is an embarrassment.
5	One of my fav brunch spots on the Strip. Love the crepe bar where you can get fresh made to order crepes. Food selection is huge, and great quality. Never disappointed here. We usually get the 24 hr buffet pass for $50, which includes this buffet and many other on the strip at Caesar properties. If you want to check out a few of the Vegas buffets, definitely the best way to go.
4	This is my second time eating here at the buffet. I came here as a child with my parents and from what I remember the place inside looks the same. The food is different than other buffets on the strip and that's always refreshing. I love the crepes they make you fresh! Only problem was that when you order a savory crepe, they weren't cooking it long enough so the cheese and/or ham, whatever it's stuffed with, will be left unmelted or cold inside. I made a small complaint to our wonderful server Mimi and she let the chef and her manager know. I went back for a second serving and I also asked the chef to please cook it longer and it was so delicious!! My boyfriend and I were served warm crab legs (bonus for being a platinum rewards member) and the legs were good as well. Bottomless mimosas are a nice touch, we didn't drink as much as we normally would but the refills on the champagne were a little slow. I just didn't care because I didn't feel like getting drunk. Didn't get to try all the food because I was in love with the crepes and waffles (so fresh!) and their different potatoes and Mac and cheese is good. Their eggs Benedict, I'm sorry to say, is pretty bad. Dry, over-cooked egg with a hard muffin and tasteless hollandaise sauce, that was a little disappointing. Their macarons are ok; they're made right texture-wise but the filling is just super sweet chocolate and not very good. That's a shame because macarons are amazing and it should be a highlight at a French buffet. All in all, great experience again at this buffet. Mimi is a wonderful server she was funny and kind and took her time to make sure everything was to our liking. Even the ladies at the front who take your payment were very friendly. I can't wait to come back and eat here again(especially the crepes!)
1	I didnt like this buffet! I wont go again. We can buy one meal or 24h, fortunately, we just bought for one meal.  For this price we could have a pretty better food. The food was "okay", and I only enjoy the dessert. I wont recommend it for anyone.
5	Excellent Excellent Excellent the Gold Standard of buffets. The Bacon here is so good it's other worldly. A great array of delectable delights. Creamy sauces and that bacon did I say bacon....superb!! Fresh breads and the eggs were fantastic!! Come hungry and enjoy the food coma....
4	I really enjoyed this buffet. Mostly because of the atmosphere and there was a huge selection to choose from. I didnt stay at the paris but glad i went through to come across this place
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas.  So many good vegetables and meat that I am almost able to control the carb overload that I expect when I see the amazing desserts. This one offers reservations so DEFINITELY plan the day before so you can skip the loooong lines and lengthy waits.  You will walk right in with a reservation just like the high rollers.
5	This is the best buffet out of the buffet of buffet deal. The Le Village buffet is located in the paris hotel. The buffet has beautiful decor giving you a romantic outdoor feel without dealing with bugs!  In addition to the beautiful outdoor section they have nice sectioned off rooms with really quaint french decor.  The food has always been really delicious at these buffet ( maybe not the best but I think the best bargain for the quality of atmosphere and food) The dessert area is really mind blowing. I dare you to leave without wanting to eat something from their dessert bar! IT JUST DOESN'T HAPPEN!  I had to try everything from the creme brulee, cheescake, cake balls, parfaits, flan, and colored macaroons. I'm still shocked that I don't have diabetes from going to this buffet. My friends loved this buffet so much we had to come here twice!
4	I especially found the LIVE BIRDS living in the trees inside the dining area of interest.Food was good and service was OK, fine I guess for a buffet.I have been here 4 or 5 times before and will probably come again.
2	The food was average at best. There were no plates to be found on multiple stations. The prime rib was extremely rare, and we like rare but not that rare! The flow of the restuarant was not organized and did not seem to have any thought to it. I would not go again.
5	Came here with a bunch of girlfriends for brunch and I must say this was one of the best brunch buffets I have been to in a very long time.. Everything was made fresh, tasted good and the servers were helpful and attentive.  My favorite station was the crepe... both savory and sweet made to your liking... everything tasted delicious!!  never a long line and many different types of food to please any palette.Cute decoration makes you think you are sitting in a lil cafe in a village in Paris... very nice touch.  Very satisfied for coming here and will definitely be back.
4	Buffet was pretty good.  Loved the crab legs.  The apple cinnamon crepe was exceptional.  Glad we got there early because the line moved slow.
1	I saw a COCKAROACH wondering around in the food bar. I told one of the employees and they simply killed it as if it was something normal. I can't imagine what the back must be like! GROSS!
1	They should give negative star choices too!!! Had Thanksgiving dinner here,it was horrible! Stood in line for an hour, paid $40 for food I wouldn't feed my dogs!! It was all flavorless and cardboard tasting!! Went for our second plate and by the time we got back to our table another party was seated at our table!! By the time they moved those people and seated us all of our food was cold!!! First time ever I've gone hungry on Thanksgiving!!!
4	The buffet at Paris was great! Good selection, great food and mimosas to go along. We went for brunch and had crab legs, shrimp, clams, and everything else! It is pretty pricey at $35 each but they gave us a 2 dollar discount for having a players card (really 2 bucks WoW ??? ) Anyway, overall experience was good. We had mimosas with our food which was nice. They had a nice selection of desserts and sweets. Really wanted to try a crepe but was way too full. Only complaint would be the price. But all the other buffets charge as much too which is pretty stupid.
3	We ended up staying an extra night in Vegas because of Traffic on the Sunday after Thanksgiving was horrendous! We turned back on the 15 and I called Total Rewards and I did a comp room at Paris. Staying here , we decided to do the Buffet here. I have been before on previous trips and the food is always pretty good! I'm giving them 3 stars, because of service, not food. This most recent trip we came in at 8:45 p.m. and the line was short, but there were people waiting to be seated. From the time we purchased, until the time we were seated was 30 minutes! The place was not busy, so we ask what's going on, and they told us that they had some call outs. I totally understand. Our server took longer then normal, but she was working really hard and did an awesome job. Would come back, just hope the management could handle staff callouts better. It should not ever take 30 minutes to be seated in a nearly empty buffet.
3	Breakfast is average, service very friendly and down to earth. THE GOOD: quiches. And I don't even like quiche. strawberries. They are a different breed or something, very sweet, just lovely. Of the dishes we tried, i would go for seconds for the chocolate croissant, smoked salmon, bacon slabs,  and eggs Benedict.  THE HIT OR MISS: crepes. My husband was not impressed, but I loved two of the four I ordered (ok so we went bananas for the crepes). The crepe batter, sauces, and nuts/granola mixings were superb. How they are cooked though is chef dependent. We tried banana Nutella, 2 Berries, and apple cinnamon. The banana Nutella was decadent, and 1 of the berries were good. THE SO-SO: Dessert selection was non-existent at breakfast understandably. Bakery selection was limited to Danishes and croissants, too small for a French buffet in my opinion.
1	If I could give negative i would,  frozen salty crab legs, cold food, not a single good thing I can say about this buffet, waste of 30$ per person, within 30 min of eating I'm trying to keep it down but sadly loosing the fight
1	There crepe was very good... You can pick either a savory or sweet kind. I was surprised on how many different kinds of sausages they served. Not a big variety of other foods. Macaroons were very hard and all taste the same. Went here around 3 so I don't know if the dinner menu is different.
3	There is really good food here. Have no complaints about it but it could have been warmer. Food was a little cold for my taste but will be coming back. It was really good.
3	I purchased a lunch groupon for this buffet and my husband and I tried it out over the weekend. The groupon included a bottle of wine, and 2 lunch buffets for $35 and it was quite the deal. The buffet itself is okay, most of the stuff was yummy, and the spread was good. Some of the food was cold though (not supposed to be), so that turned me off a little bit. Prime rib was okay, more fat than meat, but nice flavor. The made to order crepe station was awesome. Lots of seafood, even though it was a lunch buffet. HUGE dessert selection.Our service was fantastic, our waitress was always around to get us drink refills which was a big deal, as we were kind of dehydrated from the night before ! I would return here again, the food was way better than some of the other buffets we've been to in Vegas.
2	This used to be our FAVORITE brunch buffet in Vegas and unfortunately over the last couple of years it has gone down hill :(  They used to have a huge lox and bagels and smoked fish selection and now it's very small and just shoved in a corner.   The over all quality is lacking, it's a shame.
3	I went for breakfast on a Monday morning so I can really only speak for that. For the price (I think about $20) it was perfect. Would I go for the higher weekend prices for breakfast? probably not. The food was delicious, there was a large selection but really I think I expected more. I feel like what I got was pretty standard breakfast options (pastries, eggs made lots of ways, pancakes, french toast, bagels, yogurts, fruit, typical breakfast meats). Don't get me wrong, that's what I wanted and what I and my party ate and it was good. I guess I just figured for all the hype, there would be more "oooh i've never seen/had that!" and "oooh i've never had that for breakfast!" options. Nonetheless, would go again for the same price (i guess weekedays in the morning) but not for weekend inflation.
4	All you can eat Great Food for a good price. Added to the experience of being in Vegas.
2	According to some list I read, this buffet regularly ranks in the top five in Vegas. Unfortunately, there's a really big gap between #1 (Bacchanal) and anywhere else. Like most buffets, this place has some solid dishes and a lot of fillers. Their gimmick, being in the Paris casino, is having French dishes. Unfortunately, buffet-quality French simply isn't that great.HITS: chicken de Provence, truffle and veggie cavatappi pasta, prime rib was solid, eggs were cheesy as hell if you're into that sort of thing, crepe station, Sunday brunch includes champagne that is surprisingly good despite low retail price, limited dessert selection for  a place that's hyping up their French affiliation.MISSES:  French onion soup is super salty dregs, pate at charcuterie area is not good, their entire sushi selection consists of literally a single crab maki roll, entirely too many breakfast options still out at 2PM, heated plates at dessert station lead to melted desserts. SERVICE: They're busy, I get that. Hostess is inefficient, three groups of 6+ held up the line for half an hour until someone came up and figured out that pairs could be seated immediately and the line started moving again. Our server either had far too many tables or short term memory loss, served half our drink order then forgot the alcohol until we reminded her half an hour later (the next time we saw her).Not the best buffet but certainly not the worst. Pricing is decent, but only if you like filling up on grilled meats and think a selection of  fancy breads makes you "French".
4	We had purchased a buffet pass and ended up having both breakfast and dinner here. It had a decent selection and decent food. If you get the pass, this one is worth visiting but plan ahead! The best time to come is a little before a typical meal hour so that you don't have to wait on a ridiculous line.
4	Breakfast at least village is great way to start your day. The ambience inside make you feel like you are in the street cafe at Paris. Omelette station was out standing. Thank god my platinum TR card get me into VIP lane, the line is too long.
1	Went there for Christmas eve holiday dinner with my family of four - spouse and two kids under 12 (6 and 11). Over priced ($150!! Kids pay adult price), over crowded and not that great of selection. Cashier couldn't justify the extra charge ($7/pp) for so called "holiday dinner". Service was generally slow and cooks couldn't replenish fast enough. 30 minute wait at 3pm in afternoon. Overall experience was mediocre and a huge rip-off.
5	Out of all of the buffets in Vegas, Paris I believe has the best one!Tri-tip, roast beef, prime rib, the list goes on! The signature of this buffet? FRESH crepes made right in front of you! There are sweet and savory crepes. For a dinner price of $39.99, it's definitely worth it.My party and I got here around 3PM and thankfully we beat the crowd. The line starts to get very long around 4PM.
1	Had not been here for a while! decided to give it another  try.  What a waste of time! Gone way, way down hill. The  only thing french about this place is its location in the Paris Hotel.  The food was tasteless and lacked authenticity.  About the only thing worthwhile was the crepe station.  Save your money.  Eat elsewhere, better, for a lot less.
2	We waited in line for 2 hours to eat at this buffett and we're very disappointed. When you wait in line for 2 hours you expect the food to be worth the wait but that was not the case. The crab legs were sitting on ice and some of them still frozen. I don't know about everyone else but I prefer hot or at least warm crab legs. The sushi was terrible. The fish inside the rolls was good but the rice was tough and chewy. Both the clams and the mussels had a lot of sand and pieces of shell... very crunchy.  The rest of the food they had to offer was good but by no means great and definitely not worth the wait to get in. The crepes would have been realy good if the fruit they put inside them wasn't still frozen : ( We also had to ask for refills on our waters and then wait about 5 minutes for them. Not worth half the money or the wait.
4	Yes, the crepes are awesome.  But I think what's also nice about this buffet is the size and ambiance.  It's quaint, smaller than the other buffets on the list (Buffet of buffets) but the wait staff are friendly and while being smaller may not necessarily be a good thing during rush hour, wife and I came for brunch and were satisfied with the overall quality, an important distinction considering all of the dining choices people have on the strip.
5	Awesome, such an upgrade from the flamingo which I tried earlier. The crepes were just phenomenal. Had the banana, hazelnut and Nutella crepe first then the berry crepe with strawberries, blueberries, raspberries  and whipped cream. These were both fantastic. They had all sorts of fresh stations for carvings and breakfast meats. This is the place for breakfast but get there early, by 10:30 the line was 40 people deep to get in and not moving
3	Food are fine. Not too many choices of food and presentation are not that pretty. There are seafood like oyster, crab legs, shrimp cocktail, musli at dinner but oyster and musli are not so fresh. Overall is okay with the price. For my opinion, I prefer to pay 10$ more to eat at wicked spoon or 20$more to have the best one at Caesars Palace.
1	Nothing special unless you like desserts. Went here for New Year's Day was not impressed. Food was cold and not fresh. I was hoping of getting some fresh oysters but was disgusted when I saw that the oysters were dry and old. Very little section.
3	This place always has a really long line, expect to wait 30+ minutesThe food here is really good sometimes and upright gross other times.  It's really inconsistent.  The prime rib, tri-tip and quiche here are top notch.  The prime rib is rare and juicy and well seasoned.  The shrimp cocktail is not peeled here... the crab legs are served cold.Service has always been sub-par here.Not a huge selection of desserts except for the long line at the crepe bar.
4	Make reservations on Open Table!!We waited 1.5 hours in the dinner line after obtaining our Buffet of Buffets pass. Their dinner buffet is 3 stars but their prime rib definitely makes up for it. One of the best I've ever had. We made reservations for 9am breakfast the next day and it was definitely worth it! The line was already as long as it was the night before. The crepes and this place is very good. Their #1 (Nutella/banana) and #5 (mushroom/spinach) were our favorites. Their smoked salmon from the salad bar also went really well with the #5 crepe. Will definitely make a stop back for breakfast when we come back.
1	What happened to this place? It's just sad. It was my favorite buffet so I was so excited to be able to enjoy it again. It was horrible and nothing like how I remembered it. Let's start with cleanliness and service...1. My cup of water was so dirty. There were white things all over the inside. 2. Lipstick on my napkin3. I couldn't find the French cheese section so I asked the person in charge on the station and he told me "I don't know. I just got here?" And then after he figured it out, he showed me a bucket of shredded cheese. Now food.1. Soup station was messy and cold2. This is a French buffet without warm baguette bread. 3. There was a random sushi station. 4. They got rid of their cheese platter and cold cuts. I guess I also expected more considering it was New Years and we paid holiday price.
2	Used the holiday buffet pass ($70/pp) here. My sister waited 2 hours for dinner...she loves her vegas buffet. She didnt care about the 2 hr wait. Fine with us.Bachannal met their dinner quota at 2pmon this day and was sheer madness. Plus you have to pay $30 more on top of your buffet pass.Honestly, if i could, i would've eaten $30 worth of pasta/ mac n cheese. Thats all i ate here.Everything else was mediocre vegas buffet food. The salad was drenched in dressing.The macaron was a fake macaron with chocolate gumball drop in the center. Bellagio macarons are so much better.The sweet mashed potatoes, brussel sprouts, and mushrooms were delicious. The service was terrible but understandable because of holiday madness. Love the ambiance ... 2 stars for the ambiance, veggies, and mac n cheese.Although, wicked spoons has the best mac n cheese and dessert selection thus far.
1	Very disappointing service and food . What happened ? That was one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Payed $166 for dinner for 2 adults and 2 kids ( including tips ) totally not worth it . If I can give zero star, I would but the lowest I can give is one star.
2	I was there with my family for new year and I think there is really no difference between this buffet and other buffet! They had unhealthy foods and we did not enjoy. The only food I liked from this buffet was the salmon. The price was really high. So I made a reservation around december 1st and on that time they said the price will be 30 dollars but when we got there they said 35 dollars and that is the holiday price! anyways with the reservation we did not have to wait in any kind of lines and as soon as we got there we went through VIP door. don't go there If you don't have any reservation because there will be a huge line and long waiting time! The waiter, Tram, was a really nice guy and he did his best to provide the best service.
