5	I just had my grandparents a/c repaired and I'm so pleased with Action Air. I called at 9am and it was repaired with a minor fix by 1:30. The tech. 'Charlie' was very courtious and fixed the problem without any upsale. I highly recommend these guys.
5	It's been two years and the Grandparents A/C went out again. Just like last time Action A/C was there the same day and had my Grandparents cooled off with a small, cost effective repair. 5 stars!
5	I call Action Air on a Wednesday night regarding air conditioning problems. Air Conditioning problems is one thing, but in June its even worse. Upon calling the company, I was greeted with a friendly reception and asked details regarding where I live and what was wrong. After a brief conversation, I was told I would have help within the next hour and sure enough---I DID!I have one of their technicians, Dustin, come out and take a look. Not only was he friendly, but he was also able to explain the problem in simple terms. No fluff, no BS. Dustin was very straight forward and explained the cost if I were to do it that night or the next day. I opted for the next day.Dustin saved my number before he left and called me in the late morning letting me know of his arrival. He was in and out very fast while also doing a wonderful job. Parts and labor were inexpensive. I would definitely recommend this company and their great technicians, like Dustin, to anyone within the Las Vegas market.
5	I love these guys! I've really needed them 3 times over the past 3 years and each time they've been able to come out same day and fix only the part requiring fixing.
5	Absolutely amazing customer service and honest to boot!So we woke up this morning at 6am to a very hot house because our AC had gone out over night.  What a great way to start they day!  Luckily my husband had Action Air  Conditioning on the phone within the hour of us discovering that our AC was out.  We have used them twice before and knew Action was a great company to deal with. He called them and we had an appointment scheduled for later in the afternoon today!  Yep, that's right, TODAY, the same day that we called!  The technician was here by the time promised.  He even called to let me know he was on his way, which I always appreciate, since it helps you plan your day around the service call.  When he got here, he asked me what was going on.  I told him the issues and he went to work right away.  After a bit, he had figured out the issue (a blown circuit board) and explained what he needed to do, how long it would take, and the approximate cost to replace the part.  So after sweating my tail off all day, I told him to go for it and fix the bad boy ASAP.  And what do you know, the AC unit was fixed within the time frame promised and for the exact amount we had discusses previously. No mysterious charges or parts were added to the bill. He even showed me the messed up part, which was a circuit board with a blown out hole the size of a dime, and explained what happened to cause the problem in the first place (thank goodness for circuit breakers). My technician was awesome.  He was friendly, knowledgable, and good at his job.  The call center was friendly, courteous and very helpful when arranging my service call.  This is a top rate company that does great work honestly!  Thanks Action Air Conditioning, Inc. for fixing me up and treating me well.  I hope I don't need AC service for a LONG time, but if I do, Action will be who I call over and over again!
5	I was pretty bummed when I found out my AC was messed up again, and I hadn't renew my home warranty. So after researching Yelp, I came across all of these positive reviews on Action AC. They did not disappoint. They were flexible, friendly and the service tech, Dustin, made me feel comfortable having a stranger in my home. The $100 voucher sure was a big help too. If I ever need AC service again, this is the company I am going to call.
4	This was the first time I've had to call an A/C repair company. My A/C had stopped working last night and couldn't figure out why. I figured yelp would be the best place to look not having any recommendations. I called a few other places that also sounded honest and good. I decided on Action because of the reviews, length of time in business, and they were open early and had a cancellation so a tech was available within an hour. She said the service call would be $79 and that could be applied to any service that needs done. I bought the $50 yelp coupon for 50% off as well.Brent showed up within about an hour, started troubleshooting one thing at a time until he narrowed the problem to the pump and pump floater. It must have gotten stuck or stopped working for some reason and triggered a shut off. He explained what he was doing along the way to help me understand. Problem solved and nothing needed replaced.  He seemed very straightforward, knowledgeable and honest.Not having dealt with a/c problems before, I was a little worried.  This was a big relief. I don't know what to compare the pricing to really since I haven't had to deal with this before. I was a little confused with the bill, but it still seemed like a good deal.  I thought it would just be the service call fee of $80, but since he did some troubleshooting and fixed the problem the total bill was $140 minus my yelp deal credit leaving me with an out of pocket $90. Although I thought the "service call fee" was to be applied to the service, it still overall it seemed like a good deal. I'm not sure if that's just normal or if they do that because of the yelp discount or not. I would dock a half star if I could for that, but you can't so I won't.... Follow up:    In retrospect, the extra bill on top of the service call seems to be excessive.  It never solved the problem either.  At least they gave me the "free service" for the next visit which I used soon after.  Turned out it was freezing and low on coolant.  He added coolant.  $90+ .... Worked better, but not great. A month later it barely cools again, but not freezing.  Time to start calling around again
5	This company is called action air, and they are completely right about the action part. 4/30/14, I wake up and I'm sweating bullets, turns out my upstairs  A/C went out. I call them, expecting that someone will be out in a day or two, but was shocked when I was told I'd have someone there within the hour. Tim, the tech was prompt and polite, it took him about 30 minutes to explain the problem and give the price. he explained the part number and even let me look it up to make sure I wasn't being ripped off before he did any work. I talked to both him and his supervisor and the customer service was absolutely phenomenal. They worked with me in getting everything taken care of quickly and even did a follow up call to make sure everything was working great. As a homeowner I have to deal with service companies when things break in my house, but I can certainly say this was one of the best experiences I've had, and is recommend them to anybody
5	I have used Action Air at every Condo and house I've lived in for the past six years. I met them by accident - my neighbor had called for service and I said "hey, since you're in the neighborhood, can you fix mine too?"Not only did they fix it right away, they can me a number to call in case anything happened. Years later after I bought my own place, they fixed that unit and eventually replaced the entire set up. I can't say enough about Tracy, Brent and Charlie. They show up when they say they will, are honest and the price is right. What more could you ask for? Please message me if you want a personal recommendation. I tell EVERYONE about these guys!!
5	Awesome company. I called them and they had someone out within the hour. Their technician had excellent customer service. Very fast and reliable.  Talked to me very clearly and made sure I understood everything in detail. Made me feel very comfortable. He was very knowledgeable. Answered all my questions and had my A.C. running strong again in a couple hours. I would recommend these people to anyone looking for a reputable quality company to get the job done right.
5	I found this company thanks to yelp and because of all the great reviews, I called them to come out to look at my a.c.  It had been making an awful rattling noise when cutting on and off so of course I was concerned!  The technician was on time and very pleasant and relieved me of my worries when he informed me that the only thing wrong were a few screws that had come loose from the fan motor and that everything else was working great!  He even changed the air filters for me.  I will definitely recommend this company to friends and neighbors and will call them again in the future for any other issues.
5	I can't say enough good things about this company. I usually go through craigslist, but when my outside HVAC Unit fan stopped spinning I knew I needed a professional. I actually chose Action Air based on the number of great reviews they had here on Yelp.com. I scheduled for a 7 am appointment. The Tech was right on time, quickly diagnosed the problem, and had the part on his truck. After he replaced the motor, he noticed the breaker switch outside was broken. He went and picked up the part and installed it for no extra labor or charges. Reasonable prices, and outstanding service.
5	These guys are great! I heard a loud noise coming from one of my units called them to schedule some maintenance they called me right back and offered same day service. They told me my condenser was leaking oil and it would likely overheat and stop working at some point. No one forced me to purchase anything new at the time and told me to call when it went and they would  be out within the hour. Ultimately they were right and the noise became more constant and loud , I called, they came and replaced my motor in 45 minutes. Very nice on the phone and in person. Quoted me on the phone and it was exact! Always hard to find good, honest people you can trust in this town.
5	The best air conditioning  service company in Las Vegas.
5	Excellent Service, Fair Price and Prompt Repair. I woke up at 6am to find my A/C unit running but no cold air. Called several places in town not knowing who to call. Had three companies respond via phone with Action Air Conditioning being one of them. Action Air Conditioning said they would have someone over between 11am and 2pm. The other two companies said today sometime. One of them said we will try to have someone there by 7pm.At 8:45am I received a call from Tracy stating someone would be out within the next hour or so. Tim the technician called right after and said he would be there in 30 minutes. In 20 minutes he showed up. 20 minutes later he found our problem, 30 minutes later all repairs were done. Tim was fantastic, knowledgeable and explained everything clearly. In and out in an hours time.  Our main unit's start-up capacitor blew out and burned our wiring and breaker switch. No up-selling was attempted, no out of this world charge for parts or labor, just good old fashion customer service and fair pricing. All this in July, one of the busiest months for A/C companies. Wow, am I a happy camper, and cool too! I recommend Action Air Conditioning to who ever is looking for an honest, straight-forward, good priced service of their A/C unit.  I will now use Action Air Conditioning for all my A/C and Heating needs, and you should too. Tell a friend. I know I am going to tell all of my contacts here in Las Vegas.
5	I had such a great experience that I had to share. I knew something was up when we woke up and it was hot in the house. Like gross hot. I searched for a business to call and the only thing I knew was that I was not going to call the Yes! Company. After a little research I landed on Action air. There was definitely hesitation on my part being they had a perfect yelp score but the reviews seemed legit and I gave them a call. A gentleman answered the phone and we worked out a time. The call was pleasant and quick. The repair man called me to let me know he was on his way almost exactly on time. He was very patient and explained everything he was doing during the whole process. He made us feel comfortable with what was going on and even left us with some helpful tips. I highly recommend Action Air Conditioning
5	Best company in town! I called to have someone come out and look at my AC and the woman I talked to about making an appointment was beyond helpful and very polite. I scheduled my appointment and the technician called to let me know he was on his way and showed up at the exact time he told me. He was friendly with my pets, told me everything I needed to know and had all the parts he needed to fix my system in the truck. Will definitely be keeping this company around for any future issues and recommending them to everyone I know.
1	Overpriced! 30$ part cost me $300. Owner claims that because it's a holiday that's the price plus the markup cost for the part. She says the price is the price. The techs are nice but NO!
5	We had a few days in May 2014 were it seemed a little warm in the house and discovered the air conditioner wasn't coming on.  I checked Yelp and I liked the reviews for Action, so thought we would call, they were able to come out that Friday evening and take a look.  It took our tech about 10 min to find the problem.  The heater cover had come loose and it caused the entire system to shut down, definitely not something we ever could have conceived ourselves, we checked everything we could think of.We will definitely call them again for service and with any luck, prior to the system breaking down.Thank you for the great service.
