5	I needed a 5x8 trailer for an event I was hosting and this Uhaul location was the only one in the area that had one left.  I didn't expect my car to give me the issues connecting the trailer that it did, and I certainly didn't expect the incredibly helpful service this place gave me in solving those problems.  Despite being overwhelmed with customers they were able to help me fix everything and get going, and didn't for a moment let me think I was being too much of a pain or taking up their time.Thanks guys for making what could have been a disaster into a great success!
1	I though I reserved a 5x8 trailer from U-Haul online I picked a location where I wanted to pick the trailer up, a day before I was to pick up the trailer I received a confirmation email telling me where to pick it up at, 10 miles out of my way. I went to the address and the time I was suppose to pick the trailer up at and it was not there. after waiting for the attendant 30 minutes on the phone trying to find out why the trailer was not there I got disgusted and left. I went called customer service and after talking to three people all they could do for me is say sorry, not our fault. they told me of another trailer way across the other side of town but I digress they has the worst customer service and operation of any company. I will never try to use U-Haul again. Very poor way to run a company and everyone that I talked to and told this story to said the same thing.
2	After using this U-Haul location a few times over the last month or so, I have mixed opinions about this place.Most of the guys are pretty helpful and courteous, but they seem to be constantly understaffed, so be prepared to wait a while, especially at the end of the month.It was very hit or miss in terms of quality of service. A couple times my trailer was ready right away and I was in and out with little fuss. One time they prepared the wrong trailer and almost gave me an empty one instead. Another time, nobody knew how to handle U-Boxes, so I had to wait until the ONE employee out of four could process my order as others went right through the line. Also, the first time I rented, my trailer had about 50 moving blankets, and the second time it had zero.It seems like no one there completely knows what's going on, despite their best intentions. A true makeshift operation.
5	This was the best U-Haul experience I have ever had.  We rented a pickup truck for a few hours to haul a load of soil/compost.  The truck was brand new and ready to pickup as scheduled.  Staff was friendly and efficient.  The price was great.  Delivery of the soil would have cost $80, but we rented the truck for around $30. I have often sworn off using U-Haul due to past bad experiences, but I will definitely come back here again.
