5	If you are looking for a traditional Irish pub in the city of Pittsburgh look no further. Riley's has real Irish food, real Irish drinks, and real Irish atmosphere. Plus the back deck is nice. Definitely worth checking out.
4	I am pleasantly surprised by the new Pour House. The walls aren't sticky anymore, tables aren't old and don't rock, and everything has a refreshing paint job. The place looks amazing, and with no more smoking, smells good too.As for the food they still have the traditional stuff, and of course the grilled cheese is still yummy (if you get it, ask for all three cheeses). One disappointment is that they stopped selling potato pancakes which was the reason I used to go to the old Pour House, but the new menu items are refreshing. I happened to be there when they were serving a shrimp and cucumber gazpacho, and it was excellent. Also, it seemed like they added some local beer to the taps. When I was there, they had Rooney Beer and Duquesne Pilsner on tap, along with all the traditional Irish beers.One better change is the serving staff. Gone are the surely guys who looked at you funny when you asked for a napkin; in there place are young, smiling girls.The changes to the Pour House definitely make this place a must-go, but I still miss the potato pancakes. :(
4	Returned after nearly 15 to 20 years. Not the same as when it was Murphy's but still a very good Irish pub. Worth going to. Good service and proper Guinness.
4	We always meant to stop in here when it was under the previous ownership but we never made it so I can't really comment on the changes.  I can say that this a great little pub if you like pub grub, great service, and fantastic live music in a small space.  We were going to just stop in for a pint, however, we saw and smelled some great food coming out of the kitchen so we ordered off the small menu.  The fish and chips were lovely.  The batter was nice and crispy and the fish was flavorful and not mish-mush.  My husband had the Reuben with a side of the colcannon.  Heaven!  Yes it is simple food, but it is done very very well.  Then we were lucky enough to be there when Sean McClorey started his set for the night.  I love the fact that he played a wee bit of traditional Irish songs, but also played songs by Irish artists I wouldn't hear anywhere else.  We will be back to try to the lamb stew and the cod cakes!
5	I love, love, love this place.  It feels like an authentic Irish pub - the only thing that's missing is a turf fire and a dog.  The menu is small and limited but the food is consistently good.  I love the traditional Irish music on Saturday afternoon.  The shepherd's pie is quite good and filling.  The other night they had a chicken and fennel soup that was quite yummy.  The downside is that this pub can be loud and, since the place is tiny, many times there are no seats at the bar or tables on busy nights.
1	Over the last 12 months my wife, sister and brother in law have made it a point to visit your business and we have become regulars at your establish, having a good time, enjoying your food, entertainment and honestly spending a lot of money. We have also turned your business back on for many of our friends and family over the past 6 months.This evening 4/19/2013 (from 5pm-6:30 pm) we came back to our favorite Irish Pub, our first time back since Saint Patrick's Day. We were having a great time when we were asked by a waitress with blond hair right before our meals were to be delivered if she could move our table down. Without explaining the true intentions she started separating our tables. We were sitting at two, two tops, the four of us. At first we didn't ask why but soon after were told that the intention was to put the four of us around a single two top and that this was policy. You're were not even at full capacity! So I said no. After we got our meals, without our coleslaws, the service of your staff became distant and we received looks from the blond that were not complimentary.On leaving is when we confronted her with our dissatisfaction, one in our party could not even eat his meal and asked for it to go. I have been in the restaurant business for 30 years, and for all the reasons we came back as customers to the new Pour House, is now why we will not return. Our business is a word of mouth business, and I plan to retract my support with many that I have previously made "glowing" recommendations to.I guess now that your business is thriving again under your ownership that you can afford to run business off with the practice of trying to use every chair possible, and making your customers uncomfortable. If this is not your intention as an owner, please feel free to explain.
5	It's an extension of your own home.  The folks that work there are always welcoming with a smile, even John the bartender.  I love the LIVE music daily...you never know when someone will start playing the piano or guitar or just start singing.  In Irish fashion there's plenty of stories and jokes being shared.  Everything that comes out of the kitchen is delicious and have tried just about all of it.  A must try, again and again!!!
5	Great little pub. I had a great Reuben. My wife had the fish and chips. The fish breading was a little too thick, and but the fish itself was great. This place has great atmosphere, huge portions, fair prices, and they pour a solid pint. What else can you ask for?
5	This place is brilliant! Great atmosphere and the owners understand Irish hospitality. Maybe the best corned beef in the city. Yum!!  Not to be missed
5	Every visit invigorates my nostrils! I regretfully have not eaten here yet, but I am extremely eager to put their food in my mouth.It's a fun place to grab a drink and sing Irish songs loudly -- and although it's pretty small, it's never packed to the point of obnoxiousness. However, I hear the food is amazing and I believe it because I'm teased by the delightful smells every time I go. I did get a tiny sample recently when the special was a seafood crepe and the chef shoved a piece of crepe in my mouth as I walked by the kitchen. It. was. great. I'm pretty sure last time I also saw something made with mashed potatoes that I need to eat too.
5	Best brunch in Pittsburgh.  Food-wise and price-wise.  Check it out - but don't make it so popular we can't get a table for eight in the back corner anymore. :)
3	I had never heard of Riley's Pour House before yesterday. Eric suggested that we check it out. Not too shabby at all. The place itself is small, but cozy. They have a small stage up front, where they advertise all sorts of live music. (Made a mental note to check out an Irish music night). They also have an outside patio out back, if dining al fresco is what you are looking for. The service was meh. I think this was due to there only being two servers for the entire place. One was also the bartender, however it wasn't terrible and they managed. I ordered the fish and chip dinner & Eric got the fish sandwich. Talk about HUGE portions. My meal started with a choice of salad, coleslaw, or fruit. I opted for the coleslaw. It was good, but a little heavy on the celery seed, so I gave the rest to Eric. The fish and chip itself was massive, but so so yummy!!! Nice thick batter dipped fish with yummy steak fries. They had it right with Heinz vinegar on the table. I was in heaven. As far as beer options, don't think you're going to get your craft beer of choice. They do represent their Irish heritage by having Smithwicks, Guinness, & Harp all on tap. Of course all the Pgh regulars are there too. This is definitely a place where I will visit again.  Most likely on a live music night, and I'll have the corned beef b/c it smelled breathtaking! :)
4	Tried this place for the first time tonight...great place. Live music (pianist and trumpet player) and the reuben was hands down the best in Pittsburgh. Sweet potato fries were pretty decent also. I only rated it as 4 stars because our waitress was a little inattentive at times. Other than that, overall good experience. Prices were quite fair for the quality and amount of food you get.
3	Nice atmosphere. Friendly but not so attentive service, but not horrible. Had wings and the Shepherds pie. Wings were undercooked and very chewy. Shepherd's pie was just ok. Not what is expect from authentic Irish but not disgusting. Ok place could be a lot better. Live music was also just ok...
3	Heard good things so we ordered takeout... The food was pretty disappointing, borderline gross. Wings were way overcooked with the BBQ sauce sporadically squirted on afterwards, the fish sandwich was rubbery, bland, and also overcooked, and the pub fries that just had some gravy on top cost $8. The gravy was good tho, so there's that. Might try again, but probably not.
4	Brief review because I just went there for some drinks.    Great atmosphere.    There was a gent playing the piano - who sounded awesome.   I am very interested in their breakfast.   I will definitely go there again and update my review.
