2	I am surprised to be The Loft's first Yelp review! I checked in last night while at the bar and asked a couple friends if it was a new place. No, they said, it's been around probably 3 years. Hmm... interesting.The Loft is on the small side with over half the space taken up by a very large bar. The bar is able to seat probably 40-50 people. There is also another room just a stair-step and half-wall away with darts and high top tables. While I was there, a large group of about 15 or so people had pushed together all the tables and were hanging out in that space.Since it's September, I would normally order a pumpkin beer. However, I tried my husband's and thought it was terrible. Now, I like girly drinks, but this beer was sickeningly sweet. Plus, they lined the rim of the glass with (I believe) cinnamon sugar which made the glass, my hand, and the table a sticky mess. On top of the messiness, this took the beer to a whole new sweet level. Needless to say, I ordered something else - a Breckenridge Autumn Ale, which was absolutely delicious.The odd part about The Loft is that there is no kitchen. However, they provide D's Six Pax & Dogz menus for you to order from. My thought was that the process would work like this... a) Select menu items, b) Order with bartender, c) D's delivers the items. But, oh no, it's more complicated than that. It works like... a) Select menu items, b) Go downstairs and next door to order from D's OR call them from your cell phone (but the number is nowhere on the menu, so either use Google on your phone or hope you have a friend on hand who has the number), c) After 20 minutes or so, walk over (or back over) to D's to pick up your to-go order, packed up in styrofoam containers.I almost gave this place only 1 star, but though it was odd and though I don't plan on going back any time soon, it wasn't that terrible. My recommendation would be to just go to D's Six Pax itself and skip this place altogether.
2	I can't say that I like the loft. I mean they have TV's and a projector with a big screen and their beer offerings were not bad but I didn't like the way that they do food. By that I mean they don't have food. In a strange turn of events they allow you to order  from D's Six Packs and Dogs which is cool but they pretty much just allow you to eat it in the loft. I  find it kind of useless to have to go to another bar to get food just to bring it to another bar to eat it. I mean it's right below the restaurant couldn't they like go and get it and then just add it your tab or something. I guess not. I think the only reason you would want to go here is if you can't get into D's.
4	A very friendly group of people run this place. I was there for yesterday's Yelp event and enjoyed my time there. Dino is great and very personable and a joy to talk to.I am strictly writing my review based on the event that I attended so it may be a little different than a regular review. The beer selection was great (white lightning on tap, couldn't go wrong with that). From what I could see the beers were priced decently the 5-6 dollar range. The hot dogs were great (if the food situation is the same as addressed in the past 2 reviews then I think it might need to be rethought). They can definitely try to make it easier for the customer to order food from D's but have it taken up to where they are.There's a dart board, jukebox and according the the people running the place they will be starting trivia soon. I would be more than happy to make the trek to regent sq for trivia. They should definitely try to do some kind of trivia special (I can attest a lot of grad students will love going to trivia, especially if there are some specials).This seems like a great place to just chill and have a few beers. The bartenders and servers are very personable and I enjoyed talking to everyone there.Give it a go, I will definitely  like to check it out when it's not an event. Oh, lots of TVs as well so watching a game should definitely be fun there if you get a decent crowd
5	I'm sorry, but I liked this place.  Maybe it's because I came here to drink, not eat.  That's what a bar is for, at least it is to me.  If you wanted food, maybe you should have stayed downstairs, jus' sayin'.This is a great little place up in here.  Yes, I do mean up in here, you need to go upstairs, hence the name.  To me, it seems to be a perfect space for a bar, and they used the space the best they could.  The bar is perfect, enough seats for any bar dweller that enters.  A couple of high tops complete that area.  A few steps (up, that is) to the left as you enter is another area for seating, this area also houses the two dart boards.When I was here, the place was kind of dead, perfect for a low key night when all you want to do is get a drink and stare at whatever they chose to be on the TV.  The bartender was polite and on top of her game.  She never missed a beat when a patron asked for a drink.  I also found that the other bar goers were just as nice as someone you bump into on the street.  Ironically my friend and I struck up a conversation with two people we bumped into outside.  There appears to be no judgments being made here.Drink specials every night of the week, and they are open every night of the week.  Credit cards accepted.  Six packs to go.  And the most awesome thing to me, they will put together a 'Mystery Craft Sixer' for you to take for an extremely reasonable price.
4	This is a good venue for an event or a medium sized party- I was here for the Yelp event a few months ago. From what I gathered, this part of the bar is exclusive to events like the one we had. There was a front area with a bar with some very good tap selections. The back was a bit more open area and some bathrooms in the very back. The staff was incredibly friendly and the booze very good. I've been looking into places to have a big 30th birthday celebration, and depending on how much an event would cost here I would definitely consider the space.
