4	Stopped in for some scented oil diffusers and spent a good hour wandering around checking out all the great holiday stuff.I've never been a regular visitor of Pier 1, but it seems they have updated their stock to include a lot of items that I really liked.The staff was awesome and helpful.  I'll be going back for December decorating ideas!
4	Pier 1 is one of those stores that never get too full. Maybe because they tend to be more on the costly side, but once in a while they do have some good sales. Their furnishing is fun, bright, and vivid. The deep reds, teal, and aqua themes are some of my favorite. Not to mention that Pier 1 takes the highly popularized travel theme and made it that much better. The passport standing screen, drawer, and chest are adorable. I want to have these items interspersed throughout the house. Being an adult is no fun sometimes. Especially when you see the price tag. Oh well, nice things are never cheap.
4	Friendly, but not pushy staff. Store is filled with anything you could think of for home decorating. Such bright colors- seasonal items for every room of the house. Also a small section of jewelry and accessories.Have a party you are throwing or a party you are attending?This store has what you need.
4	This store is home decor heaven!  From large furniture items to cute little nick nacks... they have it all.  The prices are a little steep on some items, but if you look hard there are always deals!  I wish the staff at this store was a little more knowledgeable about the products sold here though.
5	I went to the Charleston location yesterday and the staff was a bit rude and didn't know their own product. Today I decided to go to the Ft. Apache and Trop location and the ladies were just darling and were great help. Ashley was wonderful and helpful. The staff went out of their way to help. One of the girls helped even tie the bowl part to the roof of my car since it wouldn't fit anywhere into the car. Thank you guys. You all ROCK :) I totally love my new papasan chair.
