3	I thought Za's had the most diverse pizza choices until I can here. Za's offers nearly infinite permutations of toppings, but Antonios offers other forms of diversity in the form of quirky crusts and toppings. There is tortellini pizza covered with surprise!-oodles of tortellini or the chicken blue pizza, which is basically a chicken wing on a crust. Personally, I like the sicilian cheese pizza, which has a buttery flaky crust that beats out any other pizza in the area. However, I do think freshness and ingredient quality is a problem here, as well as typical American-pizza greasiness. It's better than many of the pizza places on Green st., but still suffers from college-pizza syndrome.
2	Sigh why does everyone like Antonio's so much?  Thin crust = yuck.  Toppings = all oil.  Ingredient freshness = questionable.  Price = (2)*(As expensive as it should be considering the previously implied high oil:crust thickness ratio).  Maybe I just enjoy getting sleazed on by the pizza slicers less than the average Antonio's patron?The only redeeming quality of this place is the outlandish variety of toppings:  tortellini, tortilla chips, blue cheese, steak, bacon, you name it, they will cover it in oil and leer at you while they slice it up for you.
5	This is hands down my favorite pizza place for lunch.  They sell pizza by the slice and tons of it.  The slices are huge, two is definitely too much food for me.  My favorites are the Eggplant Parmesan, the potato and the Tomato Basil with fresh Mozzarella.  The selection of vegetarian pizzas they serve is amazing. True the Sicilian that everyone loves is greasy, but the normal crust vegetarian pizzas are rarely greasy at all.  The average price for a slice in 2.50 to 3.50 I think, I usually ate there for $5.  Great place to run in and grab a slice to go before class.
4	Love Antonio's! It's the perfect late night craving spot. The tortellini pizza is yum-o! The staff is super fun, the music is always loud, and the staff are singing/dancing away, totally enjoying themselves. It's the most crowded around 2, when the bars close, but the wait is never more than a few minutes. I've never eaten it before 1 am, but it's a great after bar place. And cheap too!
5	This is probably my favorite pizza place on campus. The toppings are always unique and you have about a bazillion to choose from, the slices are huge, and the price is good. I never get the same toppings twice, and I've never had a bad experience. Usually I go here after a night out, but it's not your typical disgusting-unless-you're-drunk food. You can happily eat Antonio's at any time of the day. The staff are saints for dealing with the belligerent drunks that yell slurred pizza flavors at them, and the jug of water at the front is exactly appropriate. I absolutely believe that their pizza and numerous glasses of water has saved me from hangovers.I have no idea what people are talking about regarding decor or water presentation. Have you been to a pizza place before? Antonio's is fantastic, end of story.
3	This place is great for a slice (or 3) on the run.  They have lots of crazy combos.  My only complaint is that it is somewhat of a tease to look at the menu since some of the more interesting sounding pizzas do not come in slices.
4	Antonio's is just one of the many pizza places in Champaign Urbana and they do a relatively good job. Antonio's sells thin New York style slices and whole pies if you want them and their menu is very expansive from tex-mex to chicken-pesto. They always have a something different everyday.For me, I usually stick to a slice of mushroom and a slice of Sicilian pizza. The Sicilian is a thick crust pizza with a sweet sauce, it's really delicious. The are vegetarian options galore from artichoke pizza to pasta pizza. The food overall is definitely food on the go I'd say catering to the student lunch and drunk 1am crowd. Antonio's would definitely hit the spot to satisfy that hunger while you're drunk. Prepare for some clogged arteries because their pizza is pretty greasy, but I don't complain. The flavors aren't complex, but we're talking pizza here folks.  2 slices of pizza will probably run you from $4 to $6 so you definitely get full.Note: Their water is free, but the temperature in the sports looking water cooler is usually tepid. Pop is $1 and refills are 50 cents.I've never ordered delivery, but I image that would be a nightmare (I've only seen one Antonio's car in their lot) so stick to dine in or carry out.Looking for cheap, greasy, satisfying food? Look no further than Antonio's.
4	Pretty good pizza, really great prices.  A very filling meal for two is under $10.  The pizza is best if you go when it's crazy busy so that your slices are fresh.  A visit on a slow evening during the summer will net you luke warm slices (even after their trip through the little oven), which are not quite as good but still better than most of the other pizza places on campus and still a great bargain.
5	I'm a sucker for a few slices of Antonio's after a bar. Not bad prices and its never let me down.
5	If Antonio's delivered, they would probably rule the world by now. Let me mention that I'm not reviewing this through a post-bar drunken point of view - I don't drink, and all my drunk buddies and sober me are drawn to this place like it has a tractor beam, as soon as 2am rolls around. We talk about how we can't wait to go to Antonio's in the afternoon before we get ready, as we're walking to the bars, and while we're at the bars.I recommend the barbecue steak and bacon, although the steak has been tough for me once. There's also a steak and bacon ranch, subbing ranch for BBQ, obviously. Buffalo chicken bleu is spectacular, with lots of blue cheese and good vinegar hot sauce. The tortellini is good, but I've had the shells be undercooked before, and if they have the gyro pizza, you should not miss it. SOOOOO good. And it's $3 a slice for a massive slice. At 2am, I'm usually pretty hungry, but even then two slices is a lot for me. This never stops me from getting two, though.OK - it's not ultra gourmet, wood oven pizza. and yes, it's kinda greasy. But guess what. It's in freaking Champaign, IL - not even the cultural flower of the C-U area. And I don't eat pizza as a health food.Fight the post bar crowd, and do it. Or, even better, go every day for lunch, and accelerate their inevitable domination of this planet.
4	Now if you had told me before Antonio's opened that there was going to be a pizza by the slice place on Green Street, I know I would have said "you know it is going to be garbage that only the drunk kids coming out of the bars will eat." I was so happy that Antonio's proved me flat out wrong. They make some of the best gourmet pizzas that I have ever had with topping combinations that I would never have thought of. Potato on a pizza!? Hell yeah! Antonio's rules, and for the price, I don't think you can find a better deal close to campus.
2	I applaud their creativity with the slices.  I was excited to see a place like this open on Green street, but damn, can you heat your slices?!  They sit there for hours and then they throw it a lukewarm oven for 30 seconds.  I'll eat cold pizza, but I'm not paying $2.50-$3 a slice for it!
4	It's amazing how much variety Antonio's has in their pizza.  I usually get a slice of avocado enchilada and a slice of buffalo chicken.  The people working are generally quite nice, and the food is cheap and delicious.  Once they didn't have any avocado enchilada, so they made it for me on a slice of cheese-- they were so accommodating, it was wonderful.
3	I really like this style of pizza, they don't do the best job in the world but it's hard to complain.  They always have a big selection of classic/veg/weird toppings on the slices to pick from and the crust is way way better than any of the standard cardboard chain stuff you might find down the street.  I wish I knew when the slices were freshest, like a krispy kreme hot light or something.  Either way it's still an extremely cheap, pretty yummy Green St option.  It's not really the kind of place people stay for more than 15 min and I sometimes wonder if part of it is that they always have a really cheesy 80's/pop station playing loudly in the background.
4	College food. Cheap, decent for the price, lots of interesting pizza toppings ready to go. I like the chicken and pineapple.
5	They have a variety of slices and a frequent slice card!  Buy 11 slices and the 12th one is on them.  And you could eat for under $5 (slice and a coke)KYLE rocks! He is super friendly, and is always willing to tell you what is on the slices or what he recommends! Arturo is friendly too!P.S.Grew up with NY slices soI think Papa Del's is overrated, and the wait there is ridiculous..
5	The mexican/avocado pizza is to die for.  You must try it now!  If not that, they have tons of variety to suit any kind of taste.
5	This is one of my favorite places to get a quick bite to eat on campus.  The variety of different slices is outstanding and constantly changing depending on the day and the time.  The pizza is delicious, and the guys who work there are a riot and super-friendly.  A quick lunch, after the bars, or really any time, Antonio's has always hit the spot for me.
3	I love the creative pizza options this place comes up with!  One time I had a chicken burrito pizza.  Sounds terrifying, right?  Somehow, it was magical.  I'm a little underwhelmed by their "regular" pizza toppings, though.  The whole point is to try something inventive, so take chances!  Also, I wish the slices weren't sitting under a heat lamp for hours, but that's pizza-by-the-slice for you.  Oh well, it still tastes good.
3	As my friend put it, "this is great drunk food."  The large $2 slices are great for a quick bite before or after drinking/studying/whatnot but not for an actual MEAL. I do like to stop by this place on most of my visits to Champaign, though.
1	Look, I don't live here, and I know nothing about Antonio's Pizza.  I was interested in learning about their pizza, and so I ordered some.  Thing is, it never arrived.  About an hour after ordering, we called.  We were assured it was running behind and the driver had left 40 min ago.  Well, at this point we were looking forward to the prospect of 40 minute old pizza, but, not to worry, it never showed up.  We tried calling several times afterwards and no one answered.I sincerely hope everyone at Antonio's is well, and that some tragic incident didn't interrupt our pizza, but never before has pizza just not showed up.  At least the courtesy of a phone call, you ask?  Nothing.
4	It's good for a quick lunch. Nothing too special, but its walkable from my office and a slice is less than $4.  Thus, I can eat more cheaply than any of the nearby sandwich places.
5	LOVE Antonio's. Their slices are large and often available in any variety. Chicken Bacon Ranch is by far one of my top pizzas on campus, I order it every time and it never fails to satisfy.
5	I haven't been here since I graduated a couple of years ago, but I was around when it opened and ate there almost every week until I left UIUC. Super fast and super cheap is the name of Antonio's game. Not to mention the very interesting pizzas you can try by the slice. Make no mistake, this place is NOT fancy (e.g. patrons can get water out of a big orange cooler). But it doesn't need to be. Antonio's is great for a quick lunch/dinner and it is really, really great for as post-bar food stop.The bottom line here is: If you are interested in weird shit on your pizza, if you want a quick meal with zero frills or if you are more than a little tipsy, check this place out.
2	When I first came to U of I, I liked this place.  It is close to the main quad (as opposed to many places that are past  6th or 5th street) and it is convenient if you need a quick bitePizza quality is "meh", pretty oily, crust is lacking with regard to flavor. They have daily specials such as "buy 2 slices get a free drink" and "buy 2 slices and get a 3rd slice free", but I have not had good experience with these.  The first time I went, I bought 2 slices and as the person was ringing me up, I saw the sign on the side and inquired about my free drink (it was during the free drink time), she responded, with much attitude "you could have told me!", but she did give me my drink.  Another time I went during the "buy 2 get a 3rd free" time, and asked for 2 slices of cheese pizza.  As they were being reheated, I was asked to pay, so I did.  Still waiting for my pizza to be reheated, I noticed the sign.  I inquired about the 3rd slice but was told that I had to have asked before paying.  I asked if I could be refunded and then they could reprocess my order, but the guy said he couldn't do that.  He said he had to "keep track" of the pizzas, otherwise he would get fired (mind you I have seen them throw away old pizza slices when they are running out of room for their new pizzas).  He then went on about the various signs everywhere displaying the deals (which by the way are small) and how his outdoor sign kept falling over.   I didn't feel the need to argue any further, so I waited for my pizza.  The guy then stepped back and whispered to the other guys behind the counter, after which they "just happened" to say the same things he did, pointing out the same outdoor sign and all.  I took my pizza and left, and don't really feel like going there again.
4	Great New York style pizza with the craziest toppings you've ever seen! This place always hits the spot, whether it's for lunch or at 2am after a night out. By the way, check out the TIS coupon books for the buy one get one free coupons! Hopefully they haven't stopped doing that.
5	If you're at the U of I and want a slice of pizza, go here. If you've been drinking, it only makes it better. The line always looks huge at night but they serve everyone really fast. Every now and then the cashier will give a free drink to someone for no real reason at all. Everyone can find a reason to love Antonio's. All in all, Antonio's is amazing- if you're on green street, this is the place to go.
5	Let's be honest, graduate school is hard and often horrible.  There are times when you are reading nine hundred pages, writing a ridiculous paper or four, and teaching classes.  Sometimes life becomes simply unbearable.  This is why there is Antonio's.  Antonio's is a tiny space of joy in a world that can be excessively painful.  I imagine it as an island of tranquility, if that tranquility comes equipped with some of the most ridiculous pizza ideas ever and a host of smooth nineties slow jams.  And that is what I need every Monday afternoon, when Antonio's has a buy one slice get one free special.  So I pay about $3 for two huge slices of pizza and a half hour of belting out Toni Braxton, Babyface, maybe if I'm lucky a little Alicia Keys?  Hell yes.The slices themselves range from inspired to bizarre to terrifying, but they generally mange to pull of the crazy flavour combinations.  They have gyro, nachos, fresh mozzarella with pesto, potato wedges and bacon, and any number of other combinations.So on a Monday afternoon, you can find me sitting over a double slice of heaven, singing "You'll Always Be My Baby."  And I wouldn't have it any other way, Antonio's.
3	At last! Thin crust pizza! Portlandians, if you are cravings Hot Lips and you are somehow stuck in C-U, this is probably your best option. I go to Antonio's when I want pizza and I don't have time to wait 45 minutes to an hour for pizza at Dells. I am a pepperoni man but the other custom pizzas have looked tempting. Comparing the price to quality, the quality slightly outweighs the costs. The staff is friendly and I like that they have copies of the Daily Illini to read in case you did not bring friends with you to socialize.
1	RATINGS CHANGE?!?!?I may have to change the rating for this place.  I think that their loyal customers deserve more than a sign on the door saying "Closed Today" for the last month and a half.  Do they plan to ever reopen?  Anyway, the rating below reflects when they were in business.  I'd give them only one star now for the way they've handled whatever is going on.  -------------------------WHAT HAPPENED TO MY PIZZA PLACE???  I went there to get my daily fix and they were closed for cleaning.  That was May 9th and they still haven't reopened.  Anyone know what's going on???  I NEED MY PIZZA!!!-------------------------Pizza by the slice.  That alone rates raves.  Good pizza by the slice.  Now that's awesome.  Good, very-much-like-Brooklyn pizza by the slice.  Can't top that.   I stick to the traditional Italian toppings.   Antonio's comes very close to the Brooklyn pizza I grew up with and I like stopping by for a slice or two or three.  Staff is very friendly, too.  Fun guys who seem to enjoy their work.  My only complaint is its location and the lack of parking.  I work nearby, so it's not a problem during the week, but over the weekend, when I'd really like some slices, it's not very convenient.  Open another in Urbana!!!  Maybe the Godfather can make them an offer they can't refuse.
4	Loved it.  Very inexpensive pizza.  $14 for two Large pizzas (16 inch!)  Was fast and a very excellent tasting East coast pizza.  (New York Style).  Would definitely go here again.  Not sure how eating in is, but the inside is really small and it seems they only offer slices of a few types of pizza.  Only downside was that one of our pizzas was barely cooked.  We threw it in the oven for a few minutes though once we got home and it was as good as ever.  All and all, really delicious pizza for very cheap prices!
5	Best pizza in CU.White pizza is excellent. They do have odd closings at times.
5	One of my favorite places to go in Chambana land. Big New York style pizza slices and man do they have options. They have so many different kinds of pizzas with combinations you would never even think of - from putting pasta tortellini on there, Mexican pizzas with actual tortilla chips, baked potatoes, and they all taste awesome! My all time favorite though is the Chicken Bacon Ranch SICILIAN slices, I could seriously have that be the only thing I eat for the rest of my life. Great place to come for the drunken munchies after the bars or at any other time of the day. Be warned though, if you go after the bars close or near that time you will be standing around for quite a while...but so worth it!
5	Every year, I take as many T.I.S. coupon books as I can, tear out all of the Antonio's buy on get one free's, and stash them in my room. Haha, sorry roomie! It's just THAT good. Quick service, free delivery, hilaaarious staff. Don't leave campus without stopping into Antonio's.
4	Went there for the first time today, as this was a place that I had heard older students rave about, and it finally reopened.  It's decent by-the-slice New York-style pizza.  I think Antonios' hook is that they have an incredibly creative selection of toppings, rather than the pizza being out-of-this-world based on its crust, or cheese, or some other particular item.  That said, the prices were quite reasonable, and the food was good.  I'll definitely be going back there in the future.
4	ANTONIO'S is back!!!I loved getting pizza here after a night of fun on Green St. and the bars. Antonio's is the place to go for a delicious quick slice of New York-styled pizza and the price is good. There's a lot of variety in the choices of toppings/slices.I'm a fan of the staff working there too.
5	This place is really awesome! Super creative slices of pizza and for a good price, too. I got a HUGE piece of tortellini pizza and a large soda for $4.70. The guys who work there were joking around with me and super nice the whole time. Every college campus should have a place like this!
3	I like their florentine pizzas. It's a nice place to grab lunch since they sell by the slice.
1	I got really really sick from eating one of these pizzas my pizza was reheated and was clearly left there over night. Will never eat here again there is a specific reason this place got closed down and now is reopened. You also can't see it's health permit anywhere!!
4	Glad this place is back. It's not QUITE as tasty as I remember, but still has an awesome spread of unique flavors. I will still stop in from time to time.
5	Hands down, the absolute BEST pizza in Champaign And coming from me that says a lot! I am EXTREMELY picky about my pizza and as far as I'm concerned pizza sucks outside of New York and I really don't eat it in other states because it is so far from what pizza is supposed to be, most of the time. But this place is one of the few exceptions I'll make. So many places call themselves New York pizza and claim to be New York pizza, and many of them succeed fooling the tourists or locals who don't know any better. In fact there is a pizza place 2 doors down from here that sucks so bad, but it's always packed with drunk idiots. Granted, this place is tiny and there may be a wait, but it is so worth it. REAL New York pizza in a pizza parlor with New York attitude, the way it's supposed to be! And for pete's sake, by the slice the way it's supposed to be! When you want a quick lunch, who wants to wait around for a whole pizza to be cooked at "personal" small size which means more dry lousy crust and less good middle pizza? Everyone in NY learned that a century ago and somehow the rest of the country hasn't caught up? I love that the kids working there blast metal music and just don't care because they know they've got the best pizza and people will come regardless. Arinell's: Keep on keepin' on! I Love You. Don't ever close!
4	Enjoyable! I love how creative this pizza joint is. They do a great job on both traditional and innovative pizza toppings. I recommend anything with spinach and feta, though they do wonders with a bit of avocado and salsa. Be adventurous and try something, everything is delicious.
2	What's really good about this place is that it's open late. The pizza slices are fairly large but they're meh. Essentially, the slices are pre-made and then warmed. Even though they put my pizza through their warmer, it was still cold. The whole pizzas come in two sizes: medium (12") and large (16"). Medium pizzas cost anywhere from $10 to $11.75. Large pizzas cost anywhere from $14.25 to $17.50.
5	I've been meaning to review this place for ages--I have no bad things to say about Antonio's pizza. I've been a stranded New England native, fond of Boston and New York style pies, and for three long years, I was deprived, forced to eat those soups-in-bread-bowls called deep dish pizzas. Antonio's answers this with some DELICIOUS, well-priced thin crust pizza. The toppings are creative, the diameters huge, and the cheese a perfect, supple mozzarella. The staff is so friendly and the food so worth it that you'd be a fool to skip Antonio's.
5	Used to come here when I visited for holidays, holidays meaning Halloween, and unofficial (st pattys) during my college years! The place would be packed you would have to make ur way across the ocean of paper plates. This spot is not just drunk food, its genuinely good! What makes this place stand out is their lage selection of pizzas with all sorts of toppings. Wish there were more places like this!
3	Just like the rest of life, it's best when you're drunk and so out of it you just don't care anymore or forget who you are and why you exist. Worst part is sometimes eating sobers you up.
1	The pizza is overpriced and under filling. I ordered two sausage slices which tasted like they had been sitting in the trash for days to be reheated. I can't see this place being appetizing to anyone unless they're at least 6 shots deep with a couple of benzos on board.
4	I love this place! The pizza slices are large and filling. It is also very inexpensive. One of my favorite places to eat on campus and take friends that come to visit! They have a type of pizza for everyone
3	I came strictly for the potato pizza. Wish more places would make it!But- no potato pizza to be found and they weren't planning on making more.Why is it on the menu if you aren't planning to serve it?I settled for a cheese slice.It was good. But overall? Not impressed.**update**email from the manager said he's sorry and if I come back- he'll guarantee potato pizza.  I don't plan on being there anytime soon....but...nice effort.
5	We frequent Antonio's on a regular basis, and they are hands down the best pizza-by-the-slice in town! They make a variety of unique and creative pizzas- that are always served fresh. Spicy Beef Taco, Chicken Florentine, and Chicken, Bacon, Ranch- just to name a few. My go-to slice is the Chicken Quesadilla! Absolutely delish!
1	I ordered delivery, waited three hours.NO pizza and they wouldn't answer the phone. So I drove there, they told me they didn't open till ten p.m. It's the next day still nothing I had to call delivery.com and cancel my order.
