5	Presented in Bally's main showroom, this is classic Vegas - a spectacular Ziegfeld Follies-style revue filled with singers, dancers, acrobats, magicians, and lavishly-costumed, feathered, bejeweled, bare-breasted showgirls in duds designed by Bob Mackie, who has dressed both Cher and Carol Burnett. Production numbers feature classic tunes by Porter and Gershwin, lip-synched by lovely ladies and tuxedoed gents, an unintentionally humorous piece about Samon and Delilah, and a jaw-dropping song-and-dance tribute to - of all things - the Titanic, complete with a realistically sinking ship . . . although the suggestion that the disaster might have been averted had stokers been doing their job instead of raping a passenger is tasteless, even by Vegas standards. Despite that misstep, this one definitely is worth the price of admission.
4	Jubilee is great, especially when you get complimentary tickets from Bally's as a hotel guest.
3	note to self: do not go to shows with in-laws when naked women are in abundance.we were sitting in the 2nd row with my in-laws and this was AWK-WARD. oy. but the show was fun. a must for first time vegas-goers. this is what i expected vegas to be.
2	A quicky one stop wannabe Broadway variety show. I have to say I wasn't very impressed. I had to say it was really annoying watch my dad oggle the naked ladies... Gross... Don't go with your parents.Anyways, I would assume the only reason to see this is to see boobs without going to a strip club. The 3 showgirls with the big fake boobies were in the middle and the sides trailed off to the flatter than flattest showgirls I have ever seen in my life. Not even good for the boobies...
4	I went in expecting to see "strategically placed rhinestones" as the ad said.  In the beginning it was that, fancy pasties, but as the opening progressed, the topless showgirls emerged. Definitely not expecting that, fortunately I wasn't with my parents so there was no awkwardness but geez cant they warn you? anyway I vaguely remember the main point of the show because I was downing my margarita that they serve in a Jubilee shaker, let me tell you its a good size drink and pretty strong so you are feelin good after the show.  All the lights and glitter and head pieces scream old school Las Vegas, everyone should watch this at least once just to say they saw a Las Vegas showgirl.
4	If you truly love Vegas...you must go see this show. Its over 50 years old and still so fun. Yes, there is nakedness....showgirls were and are topless. I thought that this was the allure. The girls have beautiful bodies, and they have to audition every six months for their jobs I'm told!! This show is definitely not a Broadway show, its an old school Vegas show. This is the Vegas of yesterday, and sometimes you can see a glimpse of it if you squint your eyes and just pretend for a minute. This is not the thing you would ever go to with parents or anyone who is not liberal enough to see some topless showgirl action.This is the real deal, and you want to make a night of it, before old Vegas is gone forever. Great job girls!!
5	A must see.  This show is a classic, historic Las Vegas show with topless women and over-the-top costumes made from feathers and fur and rhinestones (yes, hundreds of birds must have died in the making of Jubilee's costumes).  Bob Mackie clearly channeled Liberace while making these costumes.The showgirls are beautiful and so are the showboys.  Especially that one young blond showboy who just smiles and smiles and smiles.  Yum.  Lots of eye candy here to see whether you are male or female or straight or gay.  At one point during the show, the showboys are wearing very stuffed-looking thongs that display their butt cheeks while they walk across the stage cracking bullwhips.  Holy cow, was the show director gay or what?!?  LOL.So, don't expect highbrow entertainment -- it's just good old-fashioned fun.  It's relatively inexpensive too -- we paid $110 for fantastic seats on the afternoon of the show.
5	Definitely the quintessential Las Vegas show. If there is one thing that makes Las Vegas Las Vegas, besides the gambling and the excess, it's a Las Vegas production with costumes and bare chested ladies. The show is a series of vignettes with extravagant costumes and "millions of rhinestones covering practically nothing." Yes, there are bare breasts, but all done with class. Remember, this is Las Vegas, not your neighborhood community theater. ;-) Enjoy! And be sure to look for 2 for 1 coupons - well worth the search.
4	I saw this show for free--and considering that i did not pay for the show, it was actually pretty cool. the ads for this show claim that it is topless, etc., but actually, not all the girls are topless, and it is actually quite tasteful.  for what it is, its a good show. . it has a really "old las vegas" type of feel and if that is the type of show you are looking for, then i would recommend this.
5	We wanted to see a good ol vegas showgirl show..Tittiys, glitter, feathers & cheesy dance numbers..& that is exactly what Jubilee is..Wonderful.. I was expecting a modernized half classic half new crap kinda show.. but no way they kept it old school vegas.. I think i even saw Dean Martin two tables down.. kidding..Both Justin & I were sooo happy we went to see this show & we will definitly be back.. I am a lover of tack & excess & its getting rare to find a classic vegas show out there now.. if you want new & expensive go see a cirque de sole show.. if you want to be taken back in time to a vegas long lost go see Jubilee..We also saw Folies Bergere hoping  for the same quality but we were not so lucky.. Folies is complete crap, they've replaced 99% of the show with what I think was a horrible boring middle school play..Thank goodness we got those tickets half off..Go see Jubilee!!The sets are amazing, the feathers are bright, the tittys are perky and my oh my how it sparkles!!
4	You haven't really been to Vegas until you've see one of those shows where the girls are topless and wearing giant feathery headdresses.  It's classic Vegas at its best.  It's not like any of the Cirque shows.  It's good old fashion singing, dancing, and fully choreographed numbers.  Splashy costumes, chorus lines, it's all there.It's a fun show.  They offer a 'kid-friendly' version earlier in the evenings.  I don't remember, but I think there is a two drink minimum.  It's classic Vegas in all its feather and rhinestones glory.
4	Absolutely stunning show! For the price you get in for (sub $100), you're getting one of the best shows in Las Vegas. It's no "O," but it's a very close second!The girls are all nearly perfect, very fun and extremely energetic! You're never going to find so many talented and beautiful women under one roof unless you watch Jubilee. It's not just a bunch of girls w/o their tops dancing, but it also includes two other sub shows. One of them being an acrobatic and another entertainer, they're very very worth watching as well!!MUST SEE!
4	It was titillating...you'd have to be a boob not to enjoy this show. What else can I say...I SAW BOOBIES!The show was very entertaining including the three sideshows. It was classy and all the different acts kept you from losing interest. Definitely worth seeing while in Vegas..I paid a fraction for the tics compared to seeing a Cirque show. And the men in their thongs made me giggle.
4	I wanted to see an old school Vegas show with girls, girls, wonderful girls! I think there were exactly 8, 349 girls in this show. It was amazing to see these girls do what showgirls do--kick high, walk elegantly down stairs in heels and feathers, smile and smile and smile...this show seems to have been written in 1958 and I wouldn't have it any other way.The dancer who played the drunk socialite and Delilah (on 8/7/08) was my favorite, beautiful!The best part, no fake boobs--something real in Vegas. Seriously shocking!
4	Went for free with houseseats.com (strongly recommend them if you're a local btw) and we got seats in the very front just inches from the stage. I've seen some of the more "modern" topless revues, but this one blows them away. The girls were classy and beautiful, the sets/costumes/effects were incredible, and it was such a fun night.This show is 100% vegas.. cheese, sleeze, and glamour all rolled into one.
4	Really cool, really old-school Vegas...Saw this show while killing time waiting for our midnight flight back home.  Well worth it, and an awesome way to top off a great Vegas trip.  Just sat back with a final cocktail and tried to count the boobies!
4	I wanted to hate this show. Why because i'm in the business and if i hear another "jubilwee" prounceation i will scream. But i went with free tickets. The showroom is old :(The show is awesome though.The titanic bit made me sad cuz they show the boat going down, and that was depressing. but the glitter in the next act made up for it. But i have to give props to where it really is due, the people who work the show make it flawless, and a pleasure to be there. The stage sets and designs didn't have a single bulb out. This is the way vegas still should be. flawless and classy.
3	The theater is non smoking, but the smoke from the Casino effectively makes this a smoking production.  This is different from (for example) Cher, which had great ventilation and was truly a non smoking show.  If that bothers you, be warned. The production is pretty much as advertised and in accordance with all of the reviews.  Beautiful topless women, crazy costumes,  dancing around with a bunch of guys in a musical.  The acts between the main acts were good too.  On 2/09 there were these two gymnasts looking like blue man group (only painted silver) who did incredible athletic  feats - one of them balanced on one hand on the other guy's head!    Another is a guy on the ropes hanging from the ceiling.  The third was a juggler.A good show and exactly what you would expect.  Just remember that despite the ticket labels, it's a smoking show because of casino proximity.
3	There were no discount tickets for this show...unless you're willing to waste 4 hours to participate in some time-share scheme for 2 free tickets. We got the $70 tickets and the venue was pretty cozy so we could see all the boobs we wanted. But after awhile, they just became foreign little dots/buttons. I was really glad when guys came out in g-strings and such. I hate double standards. It was really glitzy and I can't imagine what it must be like back stage with all the feathers, headdresses, etc. Imagine feathers tickling you on stage and you couldn't scratch. The Samson piece was really funny. Like laugh out loud funny but I think that was only me. It was so cheesy with the 70s music...like Shaft or something. The pale skin against the dark skin made such a nice contrast.  This dancer was paler than Nicole Kidman.I agree that the Titantic piece was rather depressing in relation to the whole happy-go-lucky theme of the show. The filler bits were interesting. What do these people do for day-jobs? When the 2 muscle men came out (I was calling them Mr. Globes but I think I meant Mr. Universes) and did their thing, I could hear all the guys ohhing and ahhing. I guess these guys work out in the gym and appreciate that crazy plank and the slow movements. I think my jaw was dropped the whole time in awe and partial disgust. They were bigger and more defined than Arnold. Yes, there is something beautiful in the human body but I never really liked such muscular guys who can't hang their arms straight down. I also liked that guy with the red scarf. It's something I would have liked to do in kindergarten but in a much greater scale. All in all, Jubilee gives a bit of everyting. I felt like I was see a strip show with a bit of cirque mixed in. The seats are large and comfy with enough leg room to stretch out and put your shopping bags or have people walk in front without stepping on your toes.
3	I had been wanting to see a classic Vegas showgirls show for a while.  I mostly enjoy CDS and comedy, but thought we should give this a try.  We got 2for1 tickets so I was pumped.  To my surprise the parents wanted to go too at the last minute.  I was like... you know this is topless?  So they were cool with watching the show with the daughter and son-in-law, so whatever.  I think we all enjoyed it.  It wasn't overly amazing, but a good night out.  Worth the 2 for 1, but not full price.  The costumes are really amazing, I thought there was some good dancing, and the stage sets are really cool.  I would like to go see the backstage tour now that I have seen the show.  Nice little theater, no bad seat.  If you sit at the tables you get cocktail service which is a plus.  The entertainers between acts were very good.  I don't know why people rag on the juggler... you couldn't do it.
4	My wife has always wanted to see a Vegas-style show with all the glitz and glamour, so we decided this should be our first stop in Vegas.  This is definitely one of the last of the "old-school" Vegas shows, and I can see why it's been around as long as it has.    The performers and set changes were done to perfection.   One thing some of you may not realize is that some of the headpieces the women wear can weigh up to 25 lbs.   So just walking around with it on is a feat in itself.  If you are sitting close up you can actually see how hard the girls are breathing and working when they are on stage.  Of course all of them have amazing bodies and are in excellent shape.The part with the two guys in gold was AMAZING.  Just imagine the muscular strength it must take to have another man balanced on one hand, supporting them with just your neck muscles.Only downside is I thought I was getting great seats by sitting at a table right next to the stage, but this was WAY too close.  I honestly felt like I was going to get kicked in the head by one of the girls...LOL.  But on the flip side, you can't go wrong with boobies right in your face..haha.  You can honestly sit anywhere since the theater is small and have a good view.
3	So this is what the old Las Vegas shows are like. showgirls, dancing and random acts to fill in between the showgirl numbers. It is actually a pretty good show, considering that it debuted in 1981. I would have to admit that this show is a bit outdated. I love the showgirls but the dancing can be a bit boring during certain parts of the show. The costumes were great. However, the time has come for the showgirls to pass the torch to a different type of entertainer. It is sad but everything eventually evolves. Not necessarily for better or worse but to keep up with the times and technology. I am glad I saw this show before it lowers its curtains for the last time.If you watch closely this place was in the movie Rocky IV. The part where Apollo Creed fought Ivan Drago in an exhibition boxing match.
3	Ok - so I came to see this show with my parents!  I was 20 years old at the time and was with my parents on this trip.  Our chinese tour bus offered us tickets to this show so we decided to go.  This is such a typical typical Vegas show girl type show...the ones you saw from that horrrrible movie "Show Girls".   Big theater, nice backgrounds, pretty topless chicks walking around with amazing costumes.  It's cool, but it's probably the only Show Girl type show left in Vegas.
5	Picture this. Naked high school show choir on crack. That's Jubilee!  Amazing outfits with tons of feathers and sequins. Gigantic 2 story props with smoke and fire, and they move! And nudity! What's not to love (if you're an ex-show choir member)? Book the show in advance to make sure that you get seats close to the stage, like we did, and you'll be so close that you can read the names of the dancers off the bottoms of their shoes. Shout out to Colette! Nice moves. :)
4	Just saw the show on a tuesday night. We sat at one of the 4 person tables in the very front of the stage.The show was super corny (but not as bad as some reviews have presented it) and whoever dreamed up these costumes must have been on acid. But were were very entertained and very glad we saw it. There are so many girls and costumes that you struggle to take it all in.  The theater was small, so no one should have a problem getting a a good view. For sure, this is something that everyone should see: Crazy costumes, girls with classic fit "dancer" bodies, and boobies.One minor negative about the show: Sometimes the men in the show blocked the view of the showgirls...forget that!
3	Jubilee was cool.  It reminded me of an old black and white movie, only in color, boobs flitting around on stage and gorgeous Bob Mackey rhinestone costumes. There were more man asses than I expected to see, in thongs, which was interesting.  And they have some pretty cool set changes. Some interesting tid bits for ya:-it's been on stage for 29 years.-2 shows a day, 6 days a week, 7:30 p.m. & 10:30 p.m. - dark on Fridays.-All the women dancers are approximately 5'10" but there are a few 5'7' and above gals, but that's only because they scower the world looking for talent.-Blue Bells is a term that refers to clothed performers-Nudes is a term for topless performers.-1040 seats in the theater.-There are 7 elevators in the ceiling and 11 on stage.-They women wear 4 inch heels to dance in and 8 pound headdresses.-There are 85 performers and 47 stagehands-The dancers are on 6 month contracts-They offer backstage tours for an extra charge.It's a great "Vegas" show, not sure I would see it again, it's been the same for practically 3 decades.
4	Nice ladies, nice dancing... but WARNING: the show has men who flash their butts while wearing their thongs. FYI, there's also magic performances, cirque du soleil type of performances, all mixed into one show.  Over 80% of the singing is prerecorded so that's a BIG disappointment. Amazing costumes on the ladies though.
4	Haven't done many shows on the strip but this one was the flashiest, most well danced , beautiful costumes , great entertainment. Had a two for one ticket. Thanks to the Rewards card You can get from the Harrah's casino group.
5	Oh my God, this is a gayest show in Vegas.  And I mean that in a good way.Even with the breasts (there must have been 41!), it was possibly the gayest thing you'll ever see.They must put magnets in the male dancer's shoes and made the stage metal to keep them from fluttering away into the ceiling!This is one show you should see -- the old-style non-cirque Vegas over-the-top extravaganza.  Big set pieces, dancers dropping down from the ceiling and a few vaudeville type acts thrown in for good measure.  Vegas at it's campiest and best.The costumes!  Oh my god!  Drag queens would be jealous beyond belief.
4	This was my first Vegas show that I ever went to 7 years ago.  It was good and held my attention the entire time.  Very good production and material.  The show was flawless and worth every penny.  Besides being in the dumpy Ballys casino, it was pretty much without flaw.  I imagine I'll see it again one of these days, but the Cirque shows are going to come first.  Cost-wise the show was pretty cheap and reasonable...so you may want to choose to see this in today's economy.  There are a lot of boobies, but that is about it.  I don't even know if they even allow kids inside.
4	Our second day in Vegas, we were reeled into one of those  timeshare presentations, and the only reason we really went was of course to get free tickets to the Jubilee.  I was initially hesitant about seeing a topless revue, but I figured, it's Vegas, and you have to go wild at some point while on vacation.  Some of the music was really cheesy, but I felt that much of the singing and dancing was very solid.  And even though I don't personally get turned on by men's thong underwear, I was glad that the men were shown as sex objects almost as much as the women.  Many of the costumes were really beautiful! The acts in between the big dance numbers were interesting.  I didn't see Cirque du Soleil while in Vegas, so I was happy that there was a contortionist/strength resistance (not sure what you would call it) act in the program.  The two men performing were absolutely amazing!  I would recommend this show to adults coming to Vegas. But being a bit conservative, I'm not sure if I would take my kids to see the family friendly non-topless show on Saturday night.  However, I know the kids see a lot worse in movies and video games, so this might be an okay choice.
4	Great old-fashioned showgirl entertainment with a splash of pizzazz.My husband and I went to the 7:30PM show our 2nd night in Vegas (there is also a later show at 10:30PM). I'm glad he convinced me to wait till we got to Vegas to book a show, cause there are so many coupon offers! We ended up with a BOGO offer which made our cost roughly $50 per person, which isn't bad at all! And there were plenty of seats available. If you buy your tickets directly at Bally's you'll be able to see the floor map, and the seats are much closer than the seating chart. We were in the front row of the regular seats (just passed VIP) and we had an excellent view.The show was 90 minutes long with several song and dance performances by the girls and guys. In between "takes" there were some other artsy and acrobatic acts: crazy good acrobatic brothers that can lift each other at impossible angles, Latin drummers, flying gymnast. The showgirls had many themed acts, including Samson and Delila and Titanic. All songs were old-school-musical-show-themed, like "Putting on the Ritz" (super duper!). Some singing, too, from a few of the very talented performers. Top nudity was completely tastful and all performances were done an appreciation to the beauty of the human body. There were even half-naked men in Roman-style leather thongs for my enjoyment. And those costumes - wow! I respect anyone that can balance that much feather and glitter on top of their head. Headdresses had some interesting styles, like a feathered sombrero and flamingo-esque/peacock/crazy bird ladies.They only did the Rockette's leg line once, and I was hoping for an encore, but no other disappointment. Both my husband and I enjoyed ourselves and definitely got our money's worth.
5	I love anything vintage, old school, old fashion, simple, etc. I love it all. Watching this show, made me feel like I was living back in the back when coming to Vegas was all about getting dressed up going to shows and gambling before or afterward, you know, the mobster days! Their costumes were AMAZING. I've actually held one of the head pieces and, DAMN, those things are HEAVY! I got a 2-for-1 special when my Mom was in town, yes, I watched it with my Mom. We like watching shows, it's not like it's porn or strip club type performances, it's classy. There's an option to take a tour backstage but it was way more than I wanted to spend, but I REALLY wanted to do it. I enjoyed the show, immensely. Like I said, I love old fashion, classy things and this show is just that. I think it's sad that kids these days (LOL I'm referring to kids that have no idea what Vegas was like 20 years ago or have no idea what it was like in the 20s and 30s) they see these showgirls and have no idea WTH they do. A majority of the shows on the Strip nowadays are Cirque du Soleil, it's what people are into these days, I get it, times change but I love the days of the showgirls. I didn't live in that era but I'm the type of person that watches B&W films and I love the days of Burlesque. I wish they'd bring back Burlesque or even showgirls. I believe that Jubilee is the longest running show on the strip. The other showgirl type show was at Tropicana and is no more, and that show was around for a long time as well. I'd love to see it again.
4	Like Joanne said, I love vintage, old school and etc. It's just so classic, so well Vegas. Watching this show feels like you'd travel back in the early show days of Vegas. The music, costumes and everything just feel so classic. I watched the topless show, hey why not? I went with my girlfriend and we enjoyed this show. The guy who flew around with the piece of fabric is amazing. He did it very smooth and elegant. It was a one man show at the time and lasted for about a few minutes. There were so many different acts and people were just dancing and running around singing and all that. We had to keep looking everywhere cause people will appear everywhere. The mexican group? That did the rope with some piece of rock? that hit the floor was funny. Haha I had a great laugh when he was doing his show. I got good prices for front seat dead center in the middle and we got to  see everything. I think if you are far away you won't be too disappointed but just pay a little more to see all the detail the show had to offer. I had a great time watching this.
5	Old school Vegas Showgirls lasting the test of time.  This is one of those bucket list things to do in Vegas and it didn't disappoint.  The costumes, sets, ballet and even the side show argentinians, male gymnast (who was incredibly buff and flew around the stage with ease), and the most incredible display of juggling you've ever seen.  We payed about $90/ticket and sat dead center above the tables.  Going midweek the 10:30pm show was only about half full and the audience averaged about 50 years old.  At 30, my gf and I felt the youngest in the audience, but we love this stuff so felt right at home.On a technical level, my gf tells me that only 2 of the 30 showgirls looked like they had trained properly, the rest were clumsy and missing cues.  I'm a guy and didn't notice, as I had other things to focus on..heh heh heh.  I would highly recommend the show, try to get discounts if you can, but either way its a taste of old Vegas and a night you'll remember forever.
5	I took a friend to see the show tonight.  We each have seen it twice before, but it is such a wonderful show, we had to do it again!This truly is a classic Las Vegas production with show girls.  There are no others after Folies at the Tropicana closed. The costuming is grand, the singing is good (instrumentals are canned music), and the whole production just wows you!We did the backstage tour this morning at 11 AM.  One of the dancers from the show took us on stage and behind the scenes to see the wardrobe areas, many of the sets, and the inner workings of the show.  If at all possible, I'd recommend you see Jubilee! on a Monday, Wednesday, or Saturday.  Do the backstage tour and then see the show that night.  The tour is an additional $15, but it will enhance your enjoyment of the show.One final reminder - all shows EXCEPT the 7:30 PM Saturday show have some topless dancers.  The Saturday show is the family friendly show.Go and enjoy a classic Las Vegas show!
4	It's a classic, it's showgirls, it's topless and it's what I'd imagine old school Vegas was like in its day. We caught the 10:30 show on a Saturday night. The theatre isn't huge so every seat is good. You have to brave Bally's but it's not too bad. There are a couple numbers I could have done without- the Titanic for one seemed kinda outta place. But whateves. Costumes were impressive, vintage, glam. Viva Las Vegas!
4	Being a pervert, I chose the 10:30pm show so I could see some boobies. Little did I know, boobies are boobies no matter what state you're in and they're ALWAYS less impressive if you own them yourself. That being said, the show itself was good. Not mind-blowing, but good and very Vegas-y. The beginning and the end of the show really incorporated the old-school Vegas costumes. The middle, however, was kind of boring and reminded me of a Broadway musical. The show is kind of pricey, unless you can get a deal on tickets. My advice is to desperately search the internet for 2 for 1 tickets or deeply discounted ones and NOT pay the Bally's rip off price of $100+ per person. AND, be aware that the ushers will give you better seats than what you paid for--all you have to do is ask. At the end of the show I jumped up 30 seconds before it ended just so my beau and I could get out of the auditorium before everyone else.
1	Followed the star rating on this show and felt like it was a rip off.  Had a really hard time staying awake through this show.  Very, very old style.  Venue is old - sat at the tables stage side.  The only thing keeping me awake was the fact that the chair was so uncomfortable.  I've never actually enjoyed leaving a show to use the restroom until this one.  Even Peepshow was more entertaining.  Older crowd.
2	Even with all those lovely boobies Jubilee, you really weren't so swell.So we saw the 10:30 show on a Saturday night. All of the performers seemed tired. The show in general just wasn't very engaging. The dancers had fake grins plastered across their face and they were clearly just going through the motions. At one point I swear I saw a dancer counting off the steps to herself.The costumes are kinda fun but dated. For some reason it seemed like the lyrics didn't match the music. The variety acts in between the dance numbers are interesting, though there was a juggler that seemed really overtaxed.Here's the worst part, the theater is poorly designed so as a shortish person I had a hard time viewing the stage. I kept having to adjust as the person in front of me moved back and forth. If they took out 2 rows of seats they could pass the rows a little more and everyone would be able to see, but maybe those 2 rows are really keeping the lights on...who knows.For the price I would rather pay to see a comedian in Vegas or save your money and go to a strip club...seriously you'll get a lot more ta ta action for the $80 bucks somewhere else.Avoid the weirdness and just spend your money in a simple $1 at a time establishment...Vegas certainly has plenty!
5	Wow!   Quintessential Vegas, baby!   Beatiful and amazing sets.  Dont know how they fit them all back there. Fabulous costumes.  Great singing and dancing.  Loved the gaucheros, the muscle men, and the flying guy scene.  The women were all gorgeous and lit up the stage.  I'm a big cirque du soleil fan, loved Blue Man but this show blew them out of the water.  Fantastic!!Hint, its hard to find discounts for this show but a discount of 10 bucks if you buy a combined ticket with the eiffel tour observation deck.
5	we went on a tuesday night (practically half empty)...and were given front table upgrades by the usher...sweet!  the show was simply AMAZING (we hadn't been in almost 9 years)...and we were blown away.  we got our tickets on bestofvegas.com for like $50 each, so that was a deal to begin with, but then to be upgraded to front row...can't beat that.  the performers were classy, professional, and on cue.  not a thing wrong went wrong in this performance.  very impressed.  for those of you that have never gone before, the 'boobies' in the show...are just that, boobies and nothing more.  we didn't ever notice them...as that's not even a factor in the show.  in the end, go Go GO...we had a blast. just watch out for every staff member trying to take your picture for an extra buck.  gosh they were annoying!
3	I couldn't decide between 3 and 4 stars. I would probably give it 3.5 if that were an option. I have seen almost all Vegas shows, so I am familiar with what the area has to offer. Having seen Folies Bergere years ago, I was expecting something similar only more flamboyant. The topless numbers were limited to only the first couple and last couple of songs. That was the best part of the show (and I'm a straight woman!) because of the intricate costumes and traditionality of it. The Titanic and Samson and Delilah numbers were long and got very boring. Started to feel like a Disney act, pretty cheesy. The transitional acts (the muscle balancing men, the flying rope guy) were interesting and Cirque-like. Overall, I gave it 3 stars because I probably wouldn't go back to see it again. But I had a decent experience during about half of the show.
4	have to be honest here.... I know a person in the show & was warned that its not flashy like the Cirqe shows by the guy in the show.  Well this has its purpose and I can only hope it never goes away. Its old school Vegas show w/ lots of variety throughout.  Honestly there were some dull points but we are the NOW generation.
4	A good show!  My hubby didn't like it as much b/c of it's Musical type of delivery and all the man butt, but I love theater and I liked it a lot.  It's not your typical topless show on the strip...it's more Old School Vegas.  I think this makes this show unique b/c there aren't other shows like it here in town.  All the dancers are in fantastic shape, and there is a lot for the eyes to see.  There is a huge cast, and the costumes are beautiful!  They did a great job keeping the energy up throughout the whole show.If you go to this show, pay the extra money and get a booth.  That's where we sat and they were definitely the best seats in the house!
5	Wow.  Just, wow.  This show is so ridiculous and anachonistic - you HAVE to go.  There were topless women wearing 5' diameter feather headresses!  Really!  There were buff men wearing golden codpieces!  There were 2 Chinese acrobats that folded themselves up into tiny barrels.  This show was the weirdest and hilarious thing I've ever been to.  As the 80 year old man sitting next to us repeatedly said, "This is the best show in Vegas!"
2	My wife wanted to see this. I had an open mind. Having seen it, I wish we had gone to Cirque instead. Or even a strip club. Yes, I totally get the show reflecting Las Vegas' heritage. Yet being an artifact isn't the same thing as being entertaining. Where do I begin?First, the show itself isn't all that well-performed. Heck, most of the cast weren't even bothering to lip-sync to the music track. They were just going through the motions. It was as if you could almost look into the glassy eyes of the cast and see them thinking, "Two more weeks of this crap and I'm auditioning for that new show down at Mandalay Bay." Second, the woman are mostly naked and wearing classic showgirl outfits. But having breasts o'plenty on display is not the same thing as actually being sensual. In that sense, the entire show was about as sexy as a National Geographic documentary about some Stone Age tribe in the Amazon. Heck, if you want to see half-naked women, just hang out on the Strip rather than pay money for this woofer.
3	This was my first topless show! We got a buy one get one free special from the Vegas coupon book (surprise surprise if you know me well) and since there were four of us, we bought four tickets for the price of two.I honestly thought it was going to just a burlesque show with a bunch of topless women, but there's some treats for the ladies too. The male dancers are in great shape as well as the ladies.Since this show is really old school, I thought some of the acts were pretty cheesy. There were parts where I struggled to keep myself awake. But the costumes are amazing and colorful.The best parts of this show for me were the two contortionist guys with supreme upper body strength and the guys who played the drums and used these whip-like things. They actually kept me awake and visually stimulated.Anyway, Jubilee! is something you should see while in Vegas, especially because it reflects the history of the city. But it's something I personally can only watch once.
5	This is one of the best shows on the strip, if you are up for lots of butt and boobs! My favorite scene was Samson and Delilah, truly magnificent. Everything from the singing, dancing, costumes, stage set up, and mini-acts between scenes was great! I have seen shows from the little to the big in Vegas, and this one doesn't get as much attention as it deserves. It is a great reminder of old-school Vegas and the girls are beautiful, as are the guys! I was entranced by the costumes and wonderful display of sparkling lights. This show lasts a solid 1.5 hours and does not slow down at any point. Even during scene change you are well entertained. Trust me, it is worth seeing. There are always specials going on too, so look for those. It is an affordable show that entertains! Of course, if this isn't your thing, it won't be fun! You must be ready for cheese, as well as that sort of style of music.
4	I'm not sure whether to give Jubilee 4 or 5 stars but I think because of the value I'll go with a 4.5. The show is truly over the top, as Vegas as it gets. At a given time there are 60 performers on stage in elaborate costumes wth rhinestones, sequins and feathers galore. The stage sets and lighting are just as elaborate. My only complaint is that the stage isn't high enough. Though the rows of seats are slightly stadium style (elevated) the taller gentleman in front of me blocked a lot of the view. If the stage had been a few feet higher I wouldn't have had a problem.The routines and music are a bit dated in parts, but since the show is known for being one of the Vegas originals I suppose they don't want to change too much. There was a buy one get one free coupon for the show so tickets in the middle were about $42 each after taxes. We went to the early show (not topless) so I think the performers had more energy than they would have at the late show. The show lasted about 90 minutes.Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
4	It doesn't get more Vegas-y than Jubilee. This is old school Vegas and one of the last shows of it's kind still running. The costumes, the showgirls, the dancing, the musical numbers, the acrobats, the dudes swinging those ropes and telling jokes, It's all very classic. The toplessness is also part of the heritage of Vegas and doesn't seem at all gratuitous. If you just want to see boobs there are plenty of other places to go. But if you want to see something uniquely Vegas this is a good show. It seems like everyone has a Cirque show now and they are fun but Jubilee offers something different by offering something that seems like it's out of the past. I guess if you stay around long enough you become vintage.The half price ticket booths may have deals on this so I would check that before purchasing tix. There is one right next-door at Bill's. Then spend some time watching beautiful girls and strong men entertain you and of course every night they sink the Titanic! Viva Las Vegas baby!
3	I guess I'm an odd ball out, but I wasn't too impressed with the show. I'm very happy we used a 2 for 1 coupon. I thought there was going to be a storyline...so I was a little confused for a while. But as far as the traditional showgirls and dancing goes, it's nice to have seen it.
5	Is your idea of Vegas girls in sequins and feathers and ridiculous headdresses? Then Jubilee is your show. You don't get to see too much of the traditional Vegas show girl in Vegas any more. Jubilee is all that and more. The costumes were designed by Bob Mackie - the same guy who made almost everything ridiculous Cher has ever worn. In addition to the girls in feathers, there are other things incorporated into the show of a gymnastic/dance/acrobatic variety.  The show is a different experience depending on where you sit. From the tables up front you can see details in the costumes you miss from a distance. But even though I'm a costume buff, I perfer the traditional theater seating a little further back.  You miss out on the GRANDness of the show, the overal choreographer, and the sheer size of the cast by sitting too close.
5	Jubilee, or Boobilee, as I've lovingly renamed it, is everything you want in a Vegas showgirl show and nothing I expected. I thought it would be dance numbers, some can-can and lots of feathers. Instead it was a super elaborate stage show reminiscent of Ziegfeld Follies and Vaudeville with variety acts filling in the spots between the dance numbers. If you love 50's musicals a la "Hello Dolly" and "My Fair Lady" you must go see this show. THE COSTUMES ARE GORGEOUS!The theater is relatively small so there really isn't a bad seat in the house. We splurged for the 90 dollar seats because we had a 2-for-1 coupon but would have just as easily been happy in the $70 seats. Look around for that coupon though, we found it in the little magazine you can pick up in the cab or the mall. It's the best deal around, even better than the half price tickets booth.BOO-BUH-LEEE BOOO-BUH-LEEEEEEEEEEEE!!
4	Classic. A must see. This show is all about the showgirls and the performers. The very dated sets and routines try to get in the way (and the old showroom that really, *really* needs to be remodeled doesnt help) But the energy, and the talent (and the boobies) of the performers and showgirls make this show. Im glad I saw Jubilee, I really enjoyed it, but not interested in seeing it again. Ballys opened in 1973 as the MGM and its painfully obvious that this show has changed very little since opening day.  Way past time for something new. New sets, new costumes, something, anything. I give Jubilee 5 stars for the showgirls and performers -1 star for its sets and showroom - and an overall of 3 1/2 .
1	NO NO NO NO NO!!!! I wanted this show to be amazing.. I hoped this show would be decent... it was flat out a disappointment! I have to say that I had perfect seats and they were free to top it off...which is the only saving grace because if I would have paid for this show I would have been so upset.  I am from a younger crowd but can appreciate a great show and this was a let down. The dancers seemed like they were in pain..the looks on their faces said they did not want to be there as well as their dancing. For being known for their amazing synchronized dancing..... they were off. The music was like I was stuck in a musical and not a good one (we are a family who loves show tunes too). The "show" didn't make ANY sense what so ever. They had a part about Delilah and Sampson, and then the Titanic... seriously!? One of the female singers could have broken a glass with her pitchy voice. It was just miserable... I saw people actually leaving the show before it was over.Not all is bad....The costumes are gorgeous and very impressive! The sets were elaborate and amazing as well! But thats where it all ends....I wanted a classic Vegas showgirl show.. I wanted glitz... I got a headache and images I don't want in my head....ever.
4	Great show! I was on the edge of my seat the entire show. Good music, great dancers, beautiful women, and amazing shits.I'm not a fan of musical at all but I scored two tickets while attending Oktoberfest at Ellis Island as a Yelp! invite. I'm not going to lie, I did not want to see this show and almost skipped on going but I couldn't knock something I was going to see for free. Parking is a hassle and valet is completely full on a Saturday night so we were 15 minutes late to the show. But after walking in and being seated we caught the ending of two acrobatic men balancing each other on one another heads. Amazing.They re-inacted shits from titanic to an intense interracial love story that was intense and filled with action. Other in between shows included a man balancing himself upon 12 stacked chairs, one by one, on a small table to a guy twirling large and shiny objects around.Overall, the show is amazing and must see, money well spent theater show everyone should see. The only downsides is finding parking so arrive early and I was informed (by a recent Yelp review) this was a topless show and the women were fully clothed while men danced around in thongs.
3	To be honest, I am surprised this show is still going on. It is a throwback to the old Vegas days and it was nice to get a feel for that but I feel a 10 min sidewalk show could have done the same thing. The set, costumes, and choreography are all outdated and it was beyond apparent. Like others have said the dancers seemed like they were bored and just going through the motions. If you can score free (like I did) or highly discounted tickets it is definitely worth it just to experience what old Vegas might have been like.
4	We sat up at the front tables, so we had a great view of the sets & costumes. Very tastefully done.The costumes were amazing, and the sets a bit dated, but it was almost like an "overly dramatic" soap opera.Would have been amazing if the music was live. Music is pre-recorded, along with some of the vocals. Some vocals are live.Did the backstage tour the next day, so we were able to see some of the costumes & sets up close. Oh, the costumes!!
4	This was one of the better topless shows I have attended.   The women were classy and attractive, musicals were done tastefully, and pricing is fair.  If you like musicals, women in bright big costumes, and dancing, this is the place to go.  Very entertaining and high energy!
5	We thought we should visit some adults performance in Vegas, because it is Vegas.  Without any knowledge about this before, we went to ticket box to ask for recommendation. We picked one with good reputation and price we can accept. Then, it is Jubilee. As the same level stage setting with other Vegas shows, Jubilee outstands for so many pretty girls and muscle guys together on stage at same time. The only pity is that tickets we bought as 50%half ticket box were more expensive at this show's own ticket box, which can give us buy one get one free promotion.
5	i love these blingblingbling stuffss!! and women are so attractive and amazing! awesome show!
3	ok well the hubby and i went to vegas for valentines day and picked this show to see cause with our package it was free and although we have been to vegas a lot have never seen a vegas show and wanted are first show to be old school like the old glory days of vegas. and that is what this show is. if you are looking to see something modern and trendy with a lot of acrobats go see a le cirque show but if you want old school vegas from the rat pack era this is it! no doubt about it!  i have never seen a topless show before so the boobs are fun at first but they actually start to fall into the background and you dont even notice them anymore. the music is outdated and musical theater like however this show is old school remember.... the costumes are amazing and certain set pieces are great. the titanic number actually put my hubby to sleep for a secong but he loved the acrobats in between set changes and even my macho man liked the amazing costumes.the cast did a good job on there performances and the staff inside theater was lovely and upgraded are seats free of charge.i do have one big complaint they say that the men in the show are hot too...they are not! i would think that they would cast men with more toned bodies and although i love my gays i am not attracted to that in a man for myself and i would have loved to see some men cast that were not so flamboyant. maybe do half straight and half gay so theres something for all :) and also i wish they would put the men in more manly g-strings and loin cloths i just dont think men covered in sparkle and ribbons is attractive.i did enjoy the show were as my husband not so much... we did agree on one thing.. if you want to experience old school vegas this is it! so go and experience it!! its fun and i'm glad i saw it. i can check it off my list. but we probably dont need to see it again.
4	Granted the set pieces are dated, and the songs are Classic Hollywood, but this is what I love! What made this show extra interesting to me is the backstage tour I took before attending the show. Julie, our showgirl tour guide, was very informative, and friendly. It was absolutely fascinating to see the costumes, headdresses, back packs, jewelry, props, sets, etc. To learn about the stage and how they move the scenery around, and deal with quick costume changes, plus how often everyone has to audition. Having this knowledge in my backpocket really enhanced my appreciation of the show. It also didn't hurt that I got a free seat upgrade when the usher took one look at my seat location and said that my view may be blocked. And, if it was, to come back and see him and he would move me. Well, it was blocked, and he did move me. Score!Without the tour, I'd probably have given 3 stars, but with the tour, I've bumped my score up to 4 stars. And, contrary to other big ticket showroom shows, there's no drink minimum.I completely agree, however, that the men are spectacularly lackluster.
5	I'm still trying to reconcile the facts that this involved the most bare breasts I've ever seen at one time, and that it's also the gayest show I've ever seen in my life. That being said it was pretty amazing.We had seats about halfway back, which weren't bad, until I went to grab a drink before the performance started. As they say, there's nothing Vegas loves more than a drunk, and the usher just offered to move our entire party to a table where we could get waitress service. That table was in the front row. Close enough for a thorough scientific study of nipples, and also to view pubic hair poking out from behind codpieces and manthongs being thrust into your face.The show itself is thoroughly over the top, and entertaining as hell.
5	I was skeptical at first. The show started out a little sluggish and the topless was done with taste. Once the show started changing scenes and props it was eye popping and amazing with all of the "Old Las Vegas" fan fair. I would recommend this show to anyone who wants to see a full production with topless, dancing, singing and over the top glamour. I sat at the front tables and the girls were absolutely beautiful. Don't look for big breasts. These are professional dancers with dancer bodies. This is definitely a must see!!!!!!
5	JUBILEE is a true Las Vegas Classic!  The showgirls, extravagant feathers, headdresses, costumes & chereo!  There's nothing like it!Yes, I know everyone is addicted to the Cirque du Soleil performance now playing at every casino in Las Vegas, but after watching so many of them, they all felt the same.  Watching JUBILEE reminded me of what Vegas was all about.  From the days when every casino had similar performance and days before LCD Monitor took over the city.  Actually, it's sad to see that JUBILEE is one of the last ones left in Vegas.There is some nudity in this performance, but if you are hoping to see big boobs, I would recommend that you take your money and go see the fake ones down the strip.  Everything about it is beautiful.  I would highly recommend that you go check out JUBILEE if you are in Vegas.
3	Tits and Gays, Tits and Gays, and just when you think you've seen it all, YES!!!, more tits and Gays. For the record, I'm a straight man, but I guess it's the metro in me that appreciates quality gay singers and dancers, and this show had quite the stable! The show is about 30 minutes too long and if you're stuck in a middle seat, there's no escape. Halfway through the show, I discovered their special formula. In between the big numbers that are filled with tight abs and perky tits (and I AM referring to the women), they throw in these other dance numbers that are painful. Right when it gets to the point where my body can no longer support the weight of my head and eyes are about to close, BOOM!!, they bring back the tits.  If the tits don't wake you up out of your coma, the 14 mil volts of retina burning lights will make you reach for your Ray Bans. If you got nothing better to do, I'd say go for it!
5	So this is my third time seeing jubilee in las Vegas at ballys ! I love this show ! It seems grander all the time ! Def look for 2 for one tickets in those Vegas mags. We splurged on seats at the tables up front , but to be honest with you, you don't have to get those seats . Any seat has a great view . There are some parts that make you want to fall asleep. So I would suggest seeing the early show . Overall very classy and stunning costumes ! This is old Vegas baby
5	It helps to attend the backstage tour before seeing the actual show to get a sense of what goes into all the prep and stagecraft.  Reading some of the other reviews, I agree with others that this show is cheesy and mindless, but I loved it all.  It was originally conceived as a tasteful and lavish counter to the bump and grind shows elsewhere on the Strip during the 70s.  This is the last of the great Vegas showgirl shows and certainly the classiest, colorful and most elegant.Here are a few observations from attending the backstage tour and seeing the show:* The costumes are just as beautiful and superbly maintained up close as they are from 15 rows away.* The Swarovski crystals are technically superior to rhinestones.  Because Swarovski no longer makes crystals for costumes, if costumes are missing any crystals, backstage personnel try to find the missing crystals after the show.* The sets are the most incredible and technically elaborate I've ever seen.* Showgirls are divided into two main groups: topless and covered-up ("Bluebells"), and then they are sorted by height.  Breast size is not a measurement they're concerned with.* The show's music and chorus singing is taped, but the leads and principal dancers sing live.* Singer/dancer contracts are for six months, and all performers are evaluated for contract renewal regardless of their seniority.  Keeps all performers "on their toes" so to speak.* Audition notices specify "natural" women; large/fake breasts are not acceptable.If you go with an open mind, you will love Jubilee!  You're watching 30+ years of history.
5	Fantastic!!  We loved the entire show - the acts between set changes were phenomenal, too.  That theater is amazing and with all the stuff coming out of ceiling, from the floor and along the sides, its amazing that the execution looks so flawless.  All the movement stayed just this side of sensory overload and then the numbers would slow down or it would be time for a set change.  The 2 men acrobatics was unbelievable, as well as the guy spinning the metal, and the aerialist - not sure if I left anyone out.  Will likely return when we have guests visiting us.
3	The show's history and legacy is almost palpable, and whether or not that is a good thing is certainly up to you.Immediately I felt like I was in a time capsule: The iconic showgirl attire, flashy lights, traditional moving props, and the choreography was astounding. The choreography taking center stage almost felt like an anomaly because mainstream shows these days tend to focus more on raunchy jokes, magic tricks and the lot. To see such traditional choreography be the main focus was a nice treat. Everything flowed well.Or at least it probably did 10-15 years ago. There is no denying that some of the prop and attire just looks weathered and aged. The show's age is certainly a double-edged sword. If you can turn a blind eye then it shouldn't bother you. But for those that have been spoiled by great theatrical engineering such as "O", Ka, or Le Reve, you will immediately notice the difference.Jubilee! was never intended to last until 2012 and it needs a revamp. The show might be enjoyable for those that are sick with Cirque du Soleil, but I just don't see the "wow" factor in it. Sure, the dancers are fit and great at shaking their booty, but after a few sessions (and some awkward juggling acts during the intermissions), the charming element begins to wane.However, this is undeniably a true gem in Las Vegas' iconic image. If you want to see a bare-bone Vegas style show, there is no better than Jubilee!.
4	18 years old and over ONLY!! To be honest, I didn't know this was going to be a TOPLESS show when I bought tickets...but I guess that shouldn't have been too surprising since we are in VEGAS!I thought a lot of topless parts of the show weren't really necessary but, it is what it is. I liked all the costumes and stage designs. The titanic part and the "Roman like" love story were my favorite. I think this show really represents classic vegas at its best. When I think of shows at Las Vegas, this is exactly what I imagined it to be like. A ton of showgirls in sparkly, elaborate costumes and a huge stage that makes the whole production look it's worth a million bucks. There were many times when there was so much going on on the stage, around the stage, hanging in midair above the stage, basically everywhere, that I had a hard time focusing on something and I got very overwhelmed, but nonetheless, the performers did a great job! Pretty good 90min show for the price!
4	From the opening song of "Hundreds of Girls," it is clear Jubilee at Bally's Hotel & Casino is centered around the classic Vegas show theme of graceful, sequined, and topless showgirls with faux feather headresses and boobs of all shapes and sizes. Besides the theoretical sex appeal, the show also has some impressive production numbers like the sinking of the Titanic and another around the story of Samson and Delilah. The show's finale is Vegas in all of its glory with guys and gals in Top Hat and Tails. Mixed throughout the show are some other acts like a pair of Asian acrobats and some aerialists swinging together in harmony.And you know what? Jubilee was better than I expected. In fact, my wife absolutely loved the show. She wants to see it again someday. 3.5 stars rounded up for her.The best part for me was that we used one of the easy-to-find Buy One Get One Free coupons (get one of those tourist booklets at the airport or a taxi). We chose the $97.50 seats which had us seated at a center table on the floor near the front. Perfect seats. The 10:30 show is topless while the 7:30 performance is not.If you are In the mood for an old fashioned classic Vegas show, then Jubilee! is an excellent 90-minute experience if you can get the BOGO offer.
5	Good Lord above is this show entertaining! I don't even think I can clearly express just how much I loved this show. First off, we bought tickets with the 2/1 deal found in the books in cabs, and we had the front row of the last section; saw it with my husband, mother-in-law and her boyfriend. Seats - don't make the mistake we made!! Get to the Bally's box office early and buy your tickets in advance - or buy them on line. Sure the venue is small and every seat really is a good seat - I really wish we had been closer! Arrive on time - the show starts EXACTLY when they say it will start! Don't be late and force others to have to watch you do the 'can't be punctual' walk of shame!! The performers - hubba hubba ladies and gentleman these are some fine looking people! They totally work out. Costumes - amazing. Just amazing! I loved every sparkle, feather and piece of spandex that crossed into my path of vision. LOVE! Sound/Lighting - good wasn't annoyed by any popping or hissing or bad sound quality. Bottom line - You need to go, you need to experience the high kicks, headdresses, acrobatics and amazingness for yourself! The final act was amazing, I walked out of the theater with my mouth agape! Go Jubilee Go!
3	I thought this experience was good. We had a lot of fun and appreciated the more authentic vegas show. The costumes are spectacular and visually it's all stunning. But the story line is old. Most of the audience was 50 and above. I think if they could incorporate more modern music/look/feel it would appeal to a more global audience. I hate to ever say it but my husband I got bored towards the end. We also found the male dancers to be a little awkward. Their costumes looked silly and almost like an after thought.However, I am not regretful that we saw the show. We got a great deal for 2-1 tickets and I really did enjoy myself, but I can just see how amazing the show could be if they made it more relevant.
1	Is it possible to give something less than 1 star ?Reading the reviews here, I think we went to a different show, I mean seriously, I expected a little bit of Vegas OTT, but wow, how to describe this train wreck of a show......Think high school musical, with breasts, lots and lots and lots of breasts....And feathers.Being serious, don't waste your hard earned money on this.
3	A truly vintage Vegas show featuring showgirls and is the last one left and now Cirque Soleil is the new kind of show girl but with over the top circus acts and advanced stage productions. I came to watch this show with family since they always receive 2 for 1 Jubiliee tickets through Total Rewards and since I never seen a showgirl show I decided to give it try. I'm more of a Zumanity, Love show type person.The showroom is still in it's 70's style and not modern like the other theaters. The show was very elaborate and fun to watch and had some boring scenes that I couldn't understand what it suppose to mean such as the gorrilla scene and caveman scene was so cheesy. I saw some people walking out and I wish I had followed them but family first Ehh? =)Towards the end, lots of singing and dancing and also topless throughout the show. ;)Would I see this show again? No.
1	A Very tired old show with diminishing talent. I saw this show in 1998 and thought it was near Broadway quality. We just saw it last week and we were both disappointed. The show format is stuck in time; the dancers all have identical frames and shapes and really can't dance or perform like their predecessors. Call me old, but if you can't dance and don't enjoy performing, it doesn't matter that you look great topless. Unless you just want that old Vegas show experience and are not too hung up on quality, avoid.
4	Quite possibly the cheesiest and most corny show I have ever seen and I LOVED EVERY MINUTE of it!  To start, our party of nine was prepared to use a handful of 2-For-1 coupons but scored decent seats for a mere $13 per person.  Upon entering the theater, we were immediately moved to two tables at the front of the stage.  The cheap ticket and front row seat combo made the show worth it, even for a majority of the group who left unimpressed.  I wanted to burst out laughing a few times but the awesome feather head pieces, cosumes, and choreography made up for the goofy choice of skits and the creepy MC guy.  The fact that you can cram 85 showgirls and boys on stage in full costume while all are singing, dancing, and smiling seems like a feat in itself.  Both showtimes are topless so this is definitely not a show for the kiddos.  If you can get a good price on tickets and have a couple of hours to spare, I would recommend seeing Jubilee as it is the oldest show in Vegas.  Several in between acts of aerial stunts were pretty cool.  The audience seemed pretty lackluster but I did hear a few people commenting on how "brutal" and "hilarious" the show was which may explain the lack of cheering and clapping. Nonetheless, I loved it!
2	We received free Jubilee! tickets thru Total Rewards, so figured it was worth a try.  The size and scope of the sets was really quite amazing, but otherwise, the production was vintage to the point of being outdated.  Even the theater obviously hasn't been updated since at least the 70s.  The music and costumes were like something from Lawrence Welk, but with lots of breasts and banana hammocks!  I chuckled out-loud a few times because the lyrics or costume was just so cheesy.  The feats of strength between the musical numbers were very impressive, but could have been better with improved theatrics.  The background music was corny 70/80s music that just abruptly stopped and started at different times...very strange and obviously not something they spent any time on.If I could do it again, I'd probably skip it.  But, if you're into old-school shows with lots of topless women...this is the show for you.
5	Just a quick update-  saw it again!  They updated the vaudeville acts to be Cirque like.  It definitely adds.  I've noticed a ton of non-cirque shows adding cirque acts.  I also noticed some really good looking guys as well as some who have probably been with the show since the beginning.  I went in January on a non-convention night buying tix from Tix4Tonight.  I was nice to the person seating and got upgraded again to Kings Row.
3	We went to this show thinking it would be a classic vegas show girls show.The OPENING AND ENDING acts were fantastic....feathers, glitter, jewels, and beautiful topless showgirls.The MAJORITY of this show is song and dance routines, in NON SHOWGIRL APPAREL, that you would see in a musical theatre production and I must say that they were pretty boring. I would recommend this show for an OLDER CROWD -- grandparents, and the like.If this show was all showgirl style (i.e. feathers, glitter, jewels and girls), then it would have been fantastic ---- but they made it pretty boring, with most of the show being musical style song and dance.
2	Went to this show with my friend Julia to experience a little classic Vegas.  The costumes were amazing.  The showgirls were beautiful.  The singers could sing.  The acrobats could acro (or whatever you call it).  So why only two stars?  Because sitting there I felt that I had stepped into a time machine.  It was suddently 1959, but with thongs and tits.  The show hasn't been updated at all in 30+ years.  The numbers would have been fresh sometime during the latter half of the Nixon administration, but it's the 21st century.  It would have been nice to have at least one number that was somewhat modern.  Speaking of boobs, if you like them small then this is the show for you.  Some of the girls were outright boyish in the breast department.It's a shame that the last vintage Vegas production show looks like it's heading the way of the non-avian dinosaur.  I saw this on a Saturday night and the house was less than half full.  It was the night before my 50th birthday and I was definately on the low side of the average age of the patrons.  Can't say that I'd recommend this show, unless you have a coupon or some other major discount (I didn't and could have seen a Cirque show for what I paid).
5	Beautiful women, fantastic costumes, mind-boggling sets and props, death-defying gymnastic acts, and old-school kitschy song & dance numbers all add up to 90 minutes of vintage Las Vegas showgirl entertainment. If you're looking for modern Vegas striptease acts, this is not going to be your show. Yes, there are many topless numbers, but the show is much more a celebration of the beauty of the female form then it is in-your-face sexuality (although the Samson & Delilah number was quite steamy!). And of course, the women are jaw-droppingly gorgeous, not to mention supremely talented. (Note, leave your cameras in your hotel room - they will take them from you.) This style of entertainment is not going to be around forever. This is the last show of its type left in Las Vegas, so don't miss out. You wont' be disappointed!
4	My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the show. Great songs from the past, lots of show dancing by both the men and women. The costumes though nicely revealing are very tasteful. Like the sign near Bally's pool hundreds of thousand rhinestones covering practically nothing. On the down side, we had a table in the front right by the stage and the chairs were uncomfortable and the cocktail server kept referring to me as "hun", something that just grates on me. Check it out It's fun.
5	This was the third show in a row I saw using half price tickets (well, it was listed at 40% off, and probably more like 30% really). Didn't pay for premium seating so was pretty close to the back; its a huge theater and the seats in the back don't incline enough so I was constantly craning my head around the people in front of me -- they could have made the stage a bit higher. But after those detractions I'd say this was a great show. First, I did see the topless version. I'd say about 1/3 of the skits had topless women in them -- and when they did, there were LOTS (40+). But it definitely felt like an unnecessary add-on, so in other words, its gratuitous nudity which I'm a fan of, but nudity is actually not the center of the show.This long running show is very 'classic' Vegas variety show. It's the type of show you remember the acts for a while and some very over the top performances. It also lasts a good 90 minutes, while most other shows I've been to are closer to the hour mark. The show was definitely a little dated, but again, you're going to see a CLASSIC Vegas variety show, not a new Cirque de Soleil or one of the racier 'strip club friendly' type acts. They tell you to get there about an hour early but there's no point in that, you do get assigned seats so just arrive 15 minutes in advance. I'd wish they'd stop seating people when the curtains open because they continued seating late people for another 10 minutes which was annoying as they kept walking right in front of me in the cheap seats.Finally, I think the 'covered' version of the show (@7pm) is actually a very good show for the whole family to attend -- kids will love the show and its a fun family experience. However, if your family is all over 18, it's the same show with exposed breasts at 10pm, so what's not to like?
2	I have wanted to see this ever since I turned 18 because I am fascinated by the idea of sophisticated nudity.  Anyway, I finally got to go and it was a total disappointment.  The opening and closing numbers were quite impressive, and what I expected (the stage was full, large costumes, etc.) but the middle parts were strange story lines that didn't make sense, a ton of men singing and dancing (I wanted to see showGIRLS!)  and the worst part was the choreography: the timing was way off and everyone looked like they had a different style of doing everything.  I was expecting to be amazed at the precision but was totally let down.I will say that the interludes they had between the numbers was quite good.  There was a pair of men doing acro stuff, a man on silks and a gentleman who twirled these giants shapes in the air, and when the light caught the metallic of the shapes, it created a sort of psychedelic color thing.  We were more entertained by the interludes than anything else.The set piece for the Titanic was cool, though.  All in all, if we hadn't spent so much money on the tickets, I would have left early so I could get to Pure nightclub to see New Kids on the Block.
5	This is a real vegas show... 30 male 30 female performers... Every one of them super talented and gorgeous. Beautiful costumes! Top notch stage decor and choreography ...  Broadway meets Hollywood.Must see topless show. Tasteful and classy!
4	It is the first time that I watched a Jubilee show. and I never expect to watch a topless one. Ya know, I am totally shocked and feel so excited! I wasn't in the front VIP row but still, I watched clearly their boobs! It's so damn cool!!!
3	This is a really solid show- a throwback to classic Vegas.  The women in the show are beautiful and do a great job performing.  The theater is a little run down but I went with someone that wanted "old school Vegas" so that wasn't too much of a problem.  I go for the show, I really do, but I do wish there were more women performing on stage than men, its more of an art.  Focus more on the women!!! Otherwise great show.
2	This show was very bittersweet for me, because while the costumes and lights and music were fantastic, everything else fell short. There was SO much in this show that I disliked, and honestly, I feel like I disliked more things than I liked.The opening act was fantastic and very exciting (although the theme of the song was "girls, girls, girls" and it seemed kind of over-kill). Everything after that was weird.More than anything, this show needs to get organized. I could hardly believe how confusing and out of order everything seemed for a show that is held in such high regard. There is no "real" theme aside from half-naked women wearing feathers and diamonds; they dance and sing to some sort of plot (most of the time) or they have a theme embodied in a song. The timelines of the themes are very scattered. For example, they started the show with the story of Delilah and Samson, then immediately skipped to Titanic, which had two separate story plots that weren't very well-explained during the show. I mean, I don't expect a full background story and dialogue, but I would like to understand what I am watching!After those two, the acts didn't have a well-known story to them - it was just the women dancing in wonderful costumes. Some acts were very short and some were very, very long. I will say, however, the singers in this show are very good.The weirdest part about this show are what I can only think of to call as "side acts" maybe? Because they use all of the women in the acts and because their costumes are so large and high maintenance, between each act there is another, non-showgirl act. The three I saw between were: first, two acrobats who used each others' bodies to perform tricks (which was awesome!), then a man who was throwing around and rotating large shapes to make colors, then a man doing silks. While these individually were all great acts, they were SO OFF TOPIC to the "Showgirl" theme people came to see and it threw me off.This is definitely  not a terrible show, but it definitely needs to be cleaned up a lot. I really don't think that I would willingly see this show again.Also, as a sign note, the official seating chart they provide online and at the box office do not accurately represent how the seats within the theatre actually are.
3	i really had high expectations for this show, as theres been rave reviews and its one of the longest running. the showgirls costumes and set designs were far more interesting than the storyline. honestly i was clueless half the time what was going on. it started out as a love story of samson and delilah.. but i have no clue where we ended up. there were also many acts in between the scenes which had no relevance to the show but were quite interesting, tricks and acrobatics. 3 of the 4 of us actually dozed off a few times. the singing was wayy too long for our attention span and we had no clue what the lyrics were. i think this show is better suited for the 30-35+ crowd. dont forget to pick up some of those vegas booklets as you will find a 2 for 1 ticket special in there for jubilee. we bought the tickets for the 10pm show on the day of and had some decent seats. the theatre seemed huge but honesetly i dont think there were "bad seats".. however i would recommend not sitting further than the VIP section. we sat in row G and the view was good but not great .. tickets came out to be $52 per person with the buy 1 get 1 (total with tax was $104?).
1	I wish I could give this half a star. It's just absolutely awful. We watched several people walk out after the first act and saw even more sleeping. Save your money for Beatles love. The men wear man thongs... If that's your thing, then go see it.
3	Maybe this was vegas 30 years ago but it aint vegas today! The show was ok overall. I found myself falling asleep at some points. I love the costumes and the breast but overall I kept looking at my watch to see when it was over. It was a good experience and I love that I watch it but it wasn't the best show I have seen. I wanted to love it but I can't
1	I wish I could say I enjoyed this show, But instead I found myself struggling to stay awake so that I could see the interludes which were entertaining. The show followed no cohesive storytelling while appearing to try and tell a story, and while the sets were elaborate and well made, as were the costumes, it seemed like the dancing stayed the same or similar as it pertains to the large numbers while there seemed to be very few multifaceted members of the cast. I seriously fell asleep and was woken up by my wife no less than 3 times. She loved it by the way, I guess it's the Y chromozone that caused me to be so vexed by this show. I would not recomend this show.
1	So disappointed! This was my first Vegas show & was such a let down. Luckily I had purchased tickets from Half Price ticket stand but still over-priced at $53, I feel like $25-$30 would be more appropriate. The show is very cheesy, and random. The best part were the solo/partner performance but the group performances were boring. I knew it was a topless show and I generally don't have a problem with nudity but the parade of topless women coming out during the first performance just seemed silly and pointless. Also the men in the g-string outfits, very un-appealing. I was so bored that I feel asleep through part of the performance! It also didn't help that they kept blasting the AC, it was freezing, so if you do decide to go, make sure you take a jacket and perhaps a pillow for your nap!
5	Old Vegas at its best!When it comes to Vegas shows people seem to want more..more water, more laser lights more acts, but these huge shows get lost when they need to show you what Vegas used to be about..showgirls and entertainment. Jubilee may not have all the fancy special effects, but it takes you back to the Vegas your fell in love with.What makes Jubilee a great show is that is basically a burlesque/vaudeville act. Some have criticized it for lack of a linear story, but thats NOT THE POINT. Its a 4 act play showcasing different stories and of course the SHOWGIRLS and I do mean A LOT of showgirls. Sometimes so many it was hard to keep track of everything that was going on. The show is so classic you feel like you have been transported back in time. Even the lead actor in the show talks in an old fashioned voice. The introduction with the showgirls, tastefully topless of course, is a great lead in to classic entertainment. During each interlude there are acrobats and strongmen performing. I was surprised that those actors only got light applause as people forget just how much strength and dexterity it takes to perform these acts well. The second act is the story of Sampson and Delilah. I thought this was the best part of the show with elaborate sets that did keep you entertained and enough pretty girls to keep the men happy and scantily clad men for the girls.The third act was the Titanic. No less elaborate, but not quite as captivating as the first act. Remember this a classic show show its dosent have to always be the same story. Just enjoy the singing and dancing.The 4th acts consist of a "Fred and Ginger' dance and a top hat and tails number. A little slow for me, but my wife enjoyed it. This led up to a spectacular close with dozens of showgirls in more and more spectacular outfits leading to the ultimate showgirl appearing from the ceiling. Lastly, this show is a bargain if you know where to look. We had the "Vegas to Go" book which gave us 2 for 1 tickets (total about 90 dollars) which is much less than you would spend on the larger venues like Cirque or Reve and the theater was PACKED.My advice is that if you haven't seen a Vegas show and want to start with a "classic" showgirl review go see Jubilee! Its a great introduction to Vegas.
4	After seeing all the cirque shows we wanted to try something different. Enter Jubilee and their topless showgirls.  It's very classy and elegant, bc the showgirl are all natural, no silicon, implants, tramp stamps or dark tan lines anywhere on the showgirls.  It's not presented in your face, sexual way. No one is shaking or bouncing their breast on an audience head.It's really a terrific show. Huge casts of men and showgirls. Amazing gorgeous costumes and sets.  You have singing and dance routines and beautiful Vegas showgirls. You can tell these girls spent a lot of time rehearsing their choreography. Feathers, sparkling sequence and beautiful dancers on stage make a very lasting impression.  If you're looking for something different, give Jubilee a go. It's like a NYC Broadway musicalIn between were acrobatic performers on par with the cirque shows. -1 star bc they should update their songs. Maybe do a mashup of more recent hits, or some tunes that's more catchy that you can recognize and sing along.Bonus: rent showgirls with Elizabeth Berkeley to see Hollywood version of what happens backstage after the curtain goes down. Lol
1	Geez that was 1.5 hours of my life I won't get back.  Well actually one 1 hour, cause I walked out... Couldn't take anymore.Dancers were great, costumes were great, but the music and show itself was just dreadful.
4	A classic vegas show with dancers, feathers, and songs!Warning - there are some topless dancers.I was in town for a conference and wanted to catch a show. My friends and I decided on Jubilee. Get your tickets from an outside vendor- you can save up to half off. Also, don't get the VIP tables or whatever- you'll strain your neck looking up at an uncomfortable angle.All the singing and dancing and feathers and amazing outfits! Holy crap, some of them had really nicely toned legs and abs. There were some weird acts in between though. Aerials, muscular balance acts, and some twirling gigantic cube.You can't bring drinks in, but there is a bar - pours were stiff.
3	First and foremost, I must warn everyone about the seats. If you have a bad back, you won't make it through the show. Even if you don't have a bad back, you will be changing positions in your seat every 5 minutes. SO. UNCOMFORTABLE.Next...the show. It was meh! Beautiful costumes. Talented singers. But the show itself is not very engaging. The little side shows are weird. The first one was 2 super buff guys doing crazy stunts. I was very impressed. The other 2...a guy spinning colored shapes and a man & woman twirling in the air. Not impressed.Bottom line...I would not recommend this show. I got free tickets, so I don't feel like I lost out. But I would not be happy if I had to pay money to see Jubilee.
5	Very good show, and definitely worth the money!
5	It's the best classic show in Vegas, no doubt! With the biggest and the most powerful team. And The singing is truly live, not from record. I've already watched twice, and will definitely watch it again.
2	This show needs major updating.It's a variety show that features a lot of breasts (expected) and men in bananna hammocks (unexpected)....throw in some random acrobats and that's the show folks!Not much to see here at all - there are a hundred other great shows in Vegas I would see before this.  Both my husband and I could not wait for this 1.5 hour debacle to end!
5	Great show! Very bright and colorful! Girls are very pretty and lovely! If you want to see the real show with dances, songs and of course topless in Vegas try Jubilee.
4	While my best friend was visiting home, her mother got us tickets to see Jubilee since neither of us had been yet. We were both excited having heard good things about this Vegas icon. Our seats were wonderful as we were situated at a table (VV) near the stage. Photography is strictly prohibited with multiple gentlemen monitoring the audience (I'm assuming they've had several issues in the past). It's a really shame though because the costumes are magnificent!! They're gorgeous and sparkly and I was sad that I wasn't able to capture it on camera. But it's a topless revue, so it's completely understandable. The themes are really cheesy and I felt transported to old Las Vegas. It was still entertaining and I was mesmerized by the intricate costume designs and of course, the over-the-top headdresses. The women are certainly talented and most of them are beautiful. Some of them seemed really awkward as though they didn't know they would have to show their breasts (I don't know if this is typical, but in a couple acts, a few women performed while covering their breasts with one arm). It was odd.My favorite part of the show was the very beautiful crystal-laden costumes in the finale. Just gorgeous. The show isn't that exciting, but I would watch it again just to witness the costumes. Plus, this is a taste of that Las Vegas known for lights, extravagance, and showgirls.
1	As a Las Vegas resident I was sorely disappointed with the revamp of this show.PRO's:  Very talented dancers, great stage & costumesCON's:  Singers were continually out of synce or off key, Male Announcer was AWFUL, the show was way too long (over 2 hours), continual mic and technical issues.  Many people walked out of the show.This is an icon of our wonderful city, I waited 9 years to see it.  Very disappointed and these mistakes were novice mistakes, not from a professional show.Sad.
1	This was one of the worst shows I have sat through. The mic was not functioning for many songs, the curtains would not go up and down as needed. People were running back and forth trying to get them down/up. The sound is so bad, even when the mic did function, you couldn't understand what was being said/sung. You could see the people behind the curtain, running around, and you could hear them yelling at each other. At one point, we saw a main performer do a complete costume change- in the middle of the stage - Im assuming other performers were supposed to cover her, but that did not happen. I looked around the audience, and everyone looked like they were watching paint dry. It is over 1.5 hours long. We left at the 1.5 hour mark. While we were at Valet, we overhead other people talking about how bad it was. Apparently, this is the "New" Jubilee! Wish I could have seen the old one. And I am super glad, we did not have to pay for these tickets!
1	Jubilee Reinvented! My favorite show in Vegas has gotten a facelift and I couldn't wait to see it, along with my family who came from Paris, France and who has seen the show twice in the past. And there went nothing... I don't know how to begin this post as I am utterly at a loss for adjectives. What has been the classiest showgirl review in the history of Las Vegas has been "reinvented" to nothing more than a trashy, discombobulated, nonsensical amalgam of disconnected dance numbers performed by a talented ensemble which seems to be lacking leadership and direction. That show wasn't ready to open last night, not by a long shot. I have seen this show at least a dozen time as it is THE CLASSIC Las Vegas show to see for anyone visiting me. We know reviews, we love reviews. We love beautiful, classy women and we love theatre and dance. I have seen this show so many times I can sing a lot of the songs. Everyone I know comes to Vegas to see the Showgirls, and Elvis. The King is Dead, the showgirls are in great danger... I had to pay over $100 for these tickets as usual and this is what Franck Gaston (whoever that is) did with this eponymous "reinvention" of this classic show. The specialty acts are now gone, okay, that's no big loss because as of lately, they weren't the amazing acts the show used to offer in the 90's and early 2000's. The usual Jubilee numbers are still there with their amazing Bob Mackie Dresses (anyone knows Cher for her costumes? yes, they are that Bob Mackie) but every now and then there are numbers coming out of nowhere that have NOTHING to do with a classy showgirl review. I'm talking justin timberlake number, beach boys, michael jackson, all great artists but what are they doing in the middle of Jubilee???? But wait, there's more...  In the middle of the show, there is a man in the audience who yells over a microphone at the performers on stage. That's new in the show. I never saw that before, and maybe i'm missing something... The stage was dark,we couldn't see beautiful women. Samson is now a skinny ballet dancer as manly as Richard Simmons. Thank God the red fan number was intact. That is one fantastic number. My favorite number, a jazzy Gershwin number however was flat as flat gets. How do you perform a jazz number with the energy of Eeyeor?  I didn't recognized any of the usual performers. They looked bored, flat, uninterested, just marking it. I could have done better. The Finale with all its glamorous costumes and feathers was unremarkable, only because the lights weren't on. Did someone forget to pay the bill? The show apparently has "partnered" with the entire Broadway strip because I recognized whole numbers that belong to other shows. I'm talking choreography, music, and costumes from Crazy Horse, Hair Spray, The Wiz, The Rockettes. Does reinvented mean Plagiarized? The opening is a beautiful girl coming down a STRIPPER POLE!!!! I am certain all these classically trained dancers are ecstatic at the idea to have been reduced to a low class and vulgar stripper level. Seriously? This is Vegas, we have strippers everywhere, and cirque du soleil. People want to see class, not crass. Epic Fail Mr Gaston, a French name at that. You had better not be French, you have no class. Whoever hired this man should be canned along with him... Bring classy back...
1	I went to the opening night of the NEW Jubilee last night, 3/18/14,  and I'm sad to say it was hands down the worst show I've ever seen.  Theory 1)  We were used as guinea pigs to see if we (the audience) reacted to the acts because there was no order to the acts and it was a pish posh of everything thrown together.  Theory 2) The director/producer/creator of this new show was definitely high on something when they made this New Jubilee show.  I've seen middle school plays run smoother than Jubilee did last night.Pros:Costumes were amazingThe last act was great with all the ladiesCons: Lights were WAY off.  I mean blind you, deer in the headlights bright.  This happen several times and all I could think is someone is going to have a seizure or something.  Sound was horrible.  The microphone was either sketching loud or so low you couldn't hear it.Random screens of nothing for minutes at a time.Stage curtain malfunction several times.Performers costumes were comically wrong A LOT!The show was 2.5 hours long with way too many mediocre acts of screen images that didn't even go with the theme.Weird audience participation in the middle that did not fit.Stripper pole act as the opening act for a classic Vegas show?!?  The Titanic sinks and turns into the statue of liberty for some bazaar reason.Most of the dancing and singing acts were noticeably not rehearsed enough.In conclusion they need to go practice, practice, practice, get a new sound and light guy, cut the show to 90 minutes, and figure out a story line and stick to it!.
3	Having seen the show a couple years ago, I had high hopes for "New" Jubilee. First, the costumes were, for the most part, great but whoever put the new show together should be forbidden to work in show business! The transitions were awkward and in some cases the worst I've seen in Las Vegas. The sound needs some serious attention. It does look like the dancers have practiced quite a bit because everyone seemed in step. They are beautiful and talented dancers! The singers were great as well. However, during a handful of spots in the show, the lights blind you and you cannot see the stage. We were sitting about 15 feet away and slightly off center...  I also don't get how a girl slowly coming down a giant stripper pole is classic show girls. What the hell happened?! The crowed wasn't too responsive... No idea why! They could have at least refurbished the seats to make it less unpleasurable. I got the tickets for free but would not pay to see this again. Sadly I would not recommend this to any friends or family visiting here :-(
2	With the name, history and billing, (never too many showgirls), I found this to be a Very disappointing show.  It was revamped to make it more modern, but I think it lost a LOT in the transition.  I've seen KA, Absence, Zumanity, Blue Man, and a dozen other shows on the strip.  Somebody had an idea here, and it, IMO, failed in translation.I wonder how long this adaptation will survive based on the name alone.  The show itself is, at best, a collection of broken images badly meshed together.
1	I'm certain that Ballys has paid enough "reviewers" to have a positive spin on this show, however trust me when I say "IT WAS HORRIBLE!!" I was so excited to see the classic show girl review I had seen long ago, only to find out from the Vice President of Bally's before the show that we were all in for a "Special treat" the new and improved revised Jubilee,,, A complete and utter train wreck. I've seen more talent in an amusement park show. Costumes can only do so much, The "filler fluff" of horrible male singers, and off key vocalist killed the show. The sound editing was terrible. The monologue of a poor lost showgirl desperately trying to find her way was beyond tacky. I have no doubt if the show is not returned to it's former glory it will be closed within 3 months,,, I am also amazed that when attempting to order tickets online the available seating showed only 20 tickets left in the entire theater, however there must have been over 300 empty seats... I have a feeling there will be a lot more empty seats as word gets around of how horrible the show is. Do yourself a favor and take the $180-$200 you would spend on Jubilee tickets and go see Le reev at Wynn, or Frank Marinos Divas or only $60, it was FAR more entertaining! I WANT A REFUND!
1	My friend and I were excited to see the new revamped Jubilee having seen the previous version a few months ago.  The excitement went to confusion immediately as the show attempted to begin with a showgirl sliding slowly down a stripper pole.  Once down the pole the curtain dropped and we again waited for the show to begin.  This was one of many very awkward moments in the show.  The show felt like someone was picking amateur YouTube videos and forcing us to watch while using a cheap speaker system on their laptop.  Not sure why with the investment in show content the sound system wasn't upgraded.  The bass is over driven and is painful to listen to.  The story plot (if you call it that) gets lost somewhere between Vegas showgirl losing her power and getting it back from Samson and the Titanic.  Seriously??  I am all for diversity, however, the show has made some kind of ethnic shift which felt like some weird inappropriate combination of Motown and Harlem. The costumes were upgraded and brighter.  However, the male vocalists seemed as mechanical and uncomfortable as someones first appearance on a talent show.  Bottom line:  Is it too early for a revamping of this new version of Jubilee?  Hopefully not because with all the competing shows on the strip this one will be extinct within a year.
2	Well, this show is...interesting. It has been revamped very recently and, from what I understand, they have worked out some (I repeat SOME ) of the kinks. However, this show is just such a weird experience that I'm pretty sure that no working out of kinks would make much of a difference.The Highs:1. COSTUMES!! These were great.2. The singers. These ladies came. To. Throw. Down. They were amazing. Just amazing.3. The dancers! Can't fault them for anything. They were a talented group.4. Boobies? If you're into that sort of thing, i guess. I wasn't, so I just accepted them as part of the costumes. But yep, there they are!The Lows:1. We're supposed to follow the personification of "Jubilee" through her journey to find herself, or something, and it just gets completely abandoned half way through. Completely abandoned.2. Transitions? What are those? Yeah, don't expect silver people with glowsticks to get you to your next scene.3. The lights, oh my heavens, THE LIGHTS. For some crazy reason, they have positioned the stage lights to shine into the audience at several points in the show and it. Will. Blind. You. You've been warned.4. The seats are noticeably uncomfortable. If you have, oh I don't know, circulation issues...maybe you should find another way to spend your evening.5. Yeah, I don't now what the sinking of the Titanic (seriously, WTF) and Sampson & Delilah had to do with l'il Jubilee's 'journey', but those are definitely things that happen. And you will be scratching your head the entire time.But I have to say that it is a good time, to some extent, and I might recommend it to people who REALLY like showgirl type shows (and boobs), but for most others, I'd probably tell them to lose their money playing electronic Roulette.
2	I wonder what Don Arden and Fluff LeCoque would think of the new, relaunched Jubilee! After being closed for several weeks, it had its official relaunch at the end of March.  I saw the show last night, my 7th time seeing the show, and I am aghast at what has been done.I never thought I would go to see Jubilee! and I have a man acting as a master of ceremonies for this section of the show ask, "How you doin', Vegas?  I said, How you doin' Vegas?  Get out of your seats and clap with me."  At this point, most of us stood and clapped while some singers did a number and then we all sat back down.The show now is a mishmash.  It doesn't know what it wants to be.  It starts out somewhat like the old Jubilee! with pretty showgirls parading in wonderful showgirl costumes.  After this, the train starts to jump the track.  We have music that tries to appeal to Boomers and near Millennials.  Along the way, the curtain comes down and a showgirl is "lost" outside the curtain from her friends.  Thus begins Jubilee's attempt to return to the friends.  (Yep, the lost character is called Jubilee).  We see her later stage right as some sing about the lost Jubilee but then it ends.  We don't see her anymore as a lost person.  During part of her journey, she's guided by dancers carrying light sticks.  I think I had to push by jaw back in place when I saw that!The classic Samson and Delilah and Titanic numbers remain in the show with some costume modifications and some scenery changes but they are about the same as they have been.  One of the new parts that really was appealing was a tap dance number with just the showgirls' legs showing from the knees down. It was quite well done and lasted all of about 30 seconds.The lighting has been changed so it often shines at the audience.  The show used to have two or three short segments between the big numbers where contract acts did specialty things.  The last time I was here, there was a person who did some work with silks.  This bit of diversion gave the dancers time to change and the tech crew time to get the scenery changes in place.  These specialty segments are now gone.There are some good projections but seriously do you have to make it seem like  Caesars Entertainment is the only thing on the Strip.  I know Bally's is a CET property but come on, showing The Cromwell, the High Roller, Caesars Palace et. al. in some of the projection is amazing!  We know where we are.  We're on the Las Vegas Strip seeing what was a classic Las Vegas topless showgirl review that has been relaunched.  Keeping the Titanic in the show is quite correct.  The Jubilee! ship is sinking.  Time to play Nearer My God To Thee for Jubilee! Edit: I have to add that the final scene is as marvelous as ever.  A grand staircase with lovely showgirls coming down in their heels and wonderful costumes. The ending is classic!  It saddens me to see what they've done to this show.  Judging by attendance last night, it's not working and that's a shame!
2	THERE ARE NOT ENOUGH BOOBIES OR BUTTS....in the world, to save this horrific update of the iconic show.  I have seen Jubilee four or five times before the remake.  I couldn't agree more the music desperately needed updating.   Frank Gatson should return every penny he was paid to remake the show.  It is now disjointed, has added really poor choreography, poorly danced!  There was one thing you could say about the previous version, there were few if any missteps in the performances i saw.  In this recent performance i saw missteps and some really poor execution of song and voice over.  The "story", make no sense, and only provides an annoying distraction.The costumes remain amazing, the set pieces impressive, but it felt tired instead of new.
3	We saw Jubilee this past weekend as part of a bachelorette Vegas weekend. The tickets were a very reasonable $85 a piece and 5 of us went to see the show. From what I understand it's been revamped recently so we saw the "new" Jubilee.First, the pros:-Like everyone has mentioned, DEAR GOD THE COSTUMES. They are so much fun and appeared beautifully made. There was only one wardrobe malfunction that we could see (a top flew open when it was supposed to be shut) but the dancer gracefully buttoned herself shut and the show went on.-The dancing! What fun, such talent!-The singing! A trio of women with beautiful voices sang the soundtrack live and it sounded really great. The male singers were wonderful too!-The boobies! Well, the dancers, really. They were supremely talented and in-sync throughout the show. I noticed some of them holding their breasts during the show but without sounding tacky I think it was meant to help keep the nipples at attention...-The set. It was most definitely gaudy and very "Vegas" but I thought it was neat and intricate and I was mostly impressed by the transitions between sets.The cons:-Oh honey, the plot line. It left a lot to be desired. I love a good tacky Vegas show with feathers and boobies and dancers, but the Samson and Deliliah and Titanic plot lines seemed funny and the whole "Jubilee discovering herself" sort of flopped flat somewhere near the end when Jubilee was herself again and then just a Vegas dancer.  The only connecting piece was Jubilee's "fairy godmother" who made an appearance again at the end looking pleased. I suppose that was her way of being like, "Good work, Jubilee, you did it!"Honestly, I would recommend it because it was good plain fun. It wasn't the world's best show I've ever seen but for our purposes - a girls' night out - it was just the ticket. As long as you're not expecting the next Gone With The Wind, you'll have a great time!
1	Witless, appallingly amateurish,ugly ,boring, unentertaining, stupid, musically flat,yawn-inducing,talentless, catastrophically bad. That and more describes the "new" reboot of the oldest and now longest ( in every sense of the word) previously spectacular show girl show JUBILEE playing at Bally's in Las Vegas.How anyone could try to modernize what was a great classic spectacular without adding one original idea to the mix is beyond comprehension. Every new "piece" is a lame badly done rip-off reflecting poorly on it's original source. Numbers like the Rich Man's Frug lifted entirely from Bob Fosse's choreography from Sweet Charity dangle with no sense of purpose or design. The running order and flow of the show is an ill conceived hodgepodge of half baked transitions from one dismal number to the next.The two great and affectionately cheesy set piece numbers that stood out for thirty years, namely the Samson And Delilah piece and The Sinking Of The a Titanic have been neutered beyond recognition.  The former now looks like a barely competent high school production and the latter like some uninspired lip synching drag show. The girls are still gorgeous but the boys are mostly second rate faceless and insipid dancing twerps.What was once a charming,sumptuous eye filling tribute to showgirls (and boys) has become a drab tiresome empty charmless parody of it's once great self with choreography of the school of aerobics kind. Only when on the rare occasion the showgirls fill the stage with some of the original Bob Mackie costumes, do you see flashes of the original production that remain to remind one of what a fabulous show it once used to be. I watched in in despair hoping it would get better, as many wiser audience members fled way before the final curtain. If Bally's intention was to destroy their one great legendary and iconic spectacle, they have done an admirable job. But why?If you have ever seen the show before, give it a wide berth as you will be sadly disappointed. If you haven't and if amateurish mediocrity thinly decorated with bare breasts, ugly new projections, dark and sinister lighting (the once great kick line of chorus girls in star-spangled outfits is now a darkly lit sinister mess)  and talentless shtick turns your crank, then by all means go waste your money on this shadow of a great former show. But better do it quick, as I don't see it surviving for long.
2	OTHER SHOWS BETTER!!!!!!!!!!Wanting to take in a traditional "Vegas showgirl" production, we had gone to Las Vegas intending to see Jubilee but were convinced by a ticket seller to go to "Vegas" instead. On our last night we decided to catch the 7:30 show of Jubilee. We were expecting it to be "non-topless" but I was pleasantly surprised to discover that we had been misinformed and were treated to a host of bare breasted girls in traditional Vegas showgirl costumes. Good thing, because we both found the show becoming a bit boring. On the two preceding evenings we had seen "Vegas" and "Absinthe" which may have raised our expectations for "Jubilee". The other two shows were much, more entertaining in both of our opinions. I would recommend "Vegas" which is presented as a musical history of the old Vegas shows and is performed by some very talented entertainers. It has an engaging concept and a great live band as well. Jubilee, by comparison, seemed rather one dimensional, despite the abundance of lovely ladies and their revealing costumes!
1	The 'old vegas' showgirl costumes were stunning.  However,  the show was rubbish.  It's a horrible mash of butchered showgirl meets high school recital.  People were walking out halfway through.  If the old school Las Vegas Showgirl production is no longer popular ... this production will certainly kill it off for good.  What a shame.
2	I actually fell asleep at one point.What the Hell did I just see?  This was not the show I expected.  My wife was so excited about seeing Jubilee.  The last old Vegas showgirl revue.  Instead, we got a metaphysical acid trip that basically told us the classic show was out dated, so they changed it.The beginning, which was classic, was great.  The ending, which was revamped classic was great.  It was the 60% of stupid stuff in between that was boring enough to put me to sleep.  Essentially, a personified Jubilee dances for the audience, until she falls down in pain because her act is out of date.  A disembodied voice explains that Vegas has changed, and she must travel back in time to Samson and Delilah, and the Titanic to learn....something?  Between the acts are unrelated, incomprehensible dance routines.OK, lets break this down.  The old show if out of date, so travel back in time to become more modern.  Acid trip anyone?  The acts were cheesey and nonsensical.  The plot sounded like a bad Cirque du Soliel reject.  Saving graces?  A talented bunch of dancers, and incredible costumes.  Look, the plot is the directors fault.  But, the dancers were as good as I expected.  And the costumes were great.  So, kudos to the dancers and designers.  Unfortunately, your director and writer let you down.  I left feeling kinda cheated by the whole experience.
1	No no no no no. NO!Saw this with my friends on Saturday (5/31/14). We decided it would be fun to see a traditional Vegas showgirl performance, and, well, Jubilee! is apparently the only one left.Lack of competition should be no excuse for the mess that we saw. Oh Lord!First of all, we bought discount tickets and my friends each said that the show wasn't even worth the 50% markdown. I didn't mind as much, because I was intoxicated and at least got a good laugh.This review is not a criticism of the talent. Most of the performers were fit and good at what they did, although there were a few outliers... There were a few scenes that had all the pomp and circumstance that I expected, like the Samson and Delilah scene... and the finale.But overall there were waaaay too many males onstage (is that normal? Idk but it was unexpected), and it was SO SO disjointed. The show was just a thrown together mess of scenes- all over the place chronologically, not enough showgirl stuff, and some of the most God-awful music.The classic recognizable songs were okay, but often matched to boring and redundant choreography.  The Beyonce references were random and irrelevant, which is sad because I am a Beyonce fan.All in all, it was very much a middle-school caliber show in terms of plot/theme/cohesiveness, which is not Vegas-appropriate, to say the least.I sincerely hope someone steps in and fixes this mess because it would be SO sad if the showgirl went extinct! Help!
3	IT'S NOT THAT BAD!!Yes, it's disjointed like the other reviewers said, however, we somewhat liked the different scenes that they used.  It added a lot of variety with stage settings, color, lighting, singing and dancing, and costume changes, etc.  My husband and I found it to be very entertaining.  The Jubilee! girls wear these enormous, elaborate, stunning, beautiful feather and jewel costumes.  It's not easy to dance in them!  They mostly parade in them very graciously while other dancers are doing some of the dance routines and in between fluff.  They fill the show with this fluff while the girls are doing costume changes.  I did notice that some of the dancers were not in sync with each other especially the four male dancers.  The choreography needs to be more spot on.All the women to my eyes were probably an A cup.  They purposely do not use big breasted women.  They ALL have the most awesome legs and butts!  A few of the girls though were so skinny, very flat chested and really not very shapely.  That surprised us.I hope the choreographers read these reviews because if they could just fix the plot, they would have an awesome show.
1	REALLY?!!!! The show was horrible! It was basically SYTYCD but chaotic and stupid! Not to mention the type of morons they have in the audiences that kick the back of my seat for adjusting my position to get somewhat comfortable! Comped tickets maybe, paid tickets, forget about it!
2	First review I was pretty upset while writing but they did not deserve 1 star. 2 stars is more like it overall but if I could rate just the talent, I'd give it 4 stars.
5	This show was awesome!My mom took my sister and I to Vegas for our first girl's weekend there and wanted to show us a REAL Vegas show. We got tickets at a discount price from our condo, always great. When we got to the theater, the usher at the main doors told us to go to the usher at the lower section and she could get us better seats. (We had row Q seats... In the way back.) Gayle ended up seating us in a booth, so we'd have a server. Score!!!The show was fantastic. I'm a bit of a theater nerd, and was blown away by the sets, costumes, effects, etc. The singers were INCREDIBLE! All the performers were fantastic, really. At the end, Gayle escorted us out the back doors so that we wouldn't have to wait for everyone to file out of the main theater doors.I HIGHLY recommend going!!! (But we warned, it is a topless show!)
2	Been to the old Jubilee a few times in the past and it was great.....but this revamp is hands down the worst show we have ever seen in Vegas. Way too disjointed....the transitions in between numbers were just.....STUPID! I did something I have never done before in Vegas....I walked out just before the end.The folks on the stage were pretty good and that is why I give the two stars....other wise it would be one star! If you want to see and Iconic Vegas show go to Legends...it is still pretty good!
4	I've seen the old show and the new show and I have to say that I still like the show. Jubilee is still unique and the big costumes and showgirls still perform on the big stage. The storyline at current I'll admit is very strange but the big sets and scenes still are present in the show. They did take out the variety acts and changed the music but again still very entertaining in my opinion. If you want an classic style vegas show this is still the only one available. I still like it.
5	I have seen the old production several times.  I like this new one much better.  It is a very traditional Las Vegas show, especially good for first time visitors.
2	I'm sad to say it was hands down one the worst show I've ever seen.  The Titanic sinks and turns into the statue of liberty for some bazaar reason.Really bad taste .Most of the dancing and singing acts were noticeably not rehearsed enough.The girls were not very attractive. There was one pretty singer who was a strong performer.
1	Avoid this show even if you have comp tickets!! By far the worst show I have ever seen. My husband and I went to see it with a couple family members on 8/9/14 because we had comp tickets. The show started out by introducing a story, but I have no idea what happened to that story. The transitions and hodgepodge dance numbers left me confused. The most entertaining part of the show was watching the bobbing head of the man in front of me who was trying very hard not to fall asleep.The saddest part is that there are a handful of very talented dancers and singers in the show. They should quit and audition for another show on the strip because their talents are lost in this horrible production.Jubilee! does not know what type of show it wants to be, and if the show is to survive, there need to be some creative changes. For example, don't show the Titanic sinking and then go straight to a shot of the Statue of Liberty and patriotic dancing!! Really?! Poor transition and poor taste.
1	Wow.  I don't even know what to say about this show...I'll start by saying this review is in no way a reflection of the performers.First - I had comp tickets and I still think I paid too much.  They sat us in the very last row, so it was easy to tell who was there on comps - which normally I wouldn't mind - except that at least half the theater was empty - so why couldn't you seat us a bit further up - lord knows there were enough empty seats.Second - wtf was up with the lights??  For at least the first half of the show the house lights kept turning on and off.  Sometimes all of them, sometimes just the lights on the right ... sometimes just the left ... did you fire a lighting guy that day or something??  We felt so bad for the performers trying to continue under those circumstances.Third - as others have mentioned, what the hell was that story??  That was the most disjointed thing I've ever seen.  So Jubilee had that blue diamond from the Titanic and then ... what?  What happened to the diamond?  Did I miss that part while I was distracted by the flickering lights?  What happened to Jubilee for that matter?  So all that said - the costumes were beautiful and the performers were good.  The final number was fun - very showgirly.We joked about complaining to the manager about the show and as my friend said "Take a knee, I'm going to be a while..."I would never pay for this show but if you have comps and you want to get away from the tables for a bit ... well ... maybe you should just go for a walk.
5	What a fantastic show!  The music was excellent and so were the set design, costume, props, dance number, etc.  This was no low budget mickey mouse show for sure.  I have always wanted to see a classic Vegas show and this was it.  The venue was very nice.  My only regret is I didn't get the VIP seats.  I will certainly learn from this error.
4	My wife and I get to Vegas every few years and while she likes the gambling, I mostly like the shows.  We usually try to take in one of the adult shows in the course of our visits and this time we hit Jubilee as I wanted to experience the 'classic showgirl review' of the glory days.  We were NOT disappointed!Reading the lower rated reviews here I cannot help but think that many don't understand that this is a Review.  That is, it is a series of unrelated vignettes.  It seems like many are looking for some kind of plot between the sets.  There isn't one!Instead you get a mix of dancers in lots of sequins and feathers, with impossible headpieces and no tops!  If you want hot sex and nudity, there are other places to find them.  This is a classy and classic set-up.  The girls (there are LOTS of them) are pretty and seem pretty 'natural' (an attribute that seems rare in Vegas.)  The dancing was fun, the singers quite good and the two-man entre act performers were REALLY impressive!!Yeah, some of the set pieces worked better than others and the production value is not circ du solei.  The Titanic one was relatively weak.  But even that was entertaining!So, order a drink, sit back, and allow yourself to go back in time to the Golden Age of Vegas and just have fun!
5	Music, dancing and girls were great. Last few old Vegas type shows that are not cheesy. Ticket prices are standard compared to other shows. With the Peep Show gone, this is the next best, larger scale, show in this style.
2	The only reason I have this show two stars were for the showgirl costumes. Wow. Glam. The show itself, I really REALLY wanted to like it but storyline was HORRIBLE! It's just randomness everywhere. It didn't flow at all. Sometimes the dancers themselves look unsure and uncomfortable. I can count on three fingers the acts that weren't horrible. Please get rid of the Sampson/Delilah skit. Just cut it out and save everyone 20 min of 'wth'. The titanic set was beautiful but the vision for it was doomed as the titanic itself. The two guys in white before the titanic skit were about the best part of the whole show. Too bad it was just a transition act. The finale was saved only by the costumes. Please bring back classy old school Vegas.
5	Very entertaining! The costumes and set were awesome. We thoroughly enjoyed the entire show!
4	Most enjoyable show. Wonderful costumes, beautiful cast, fun music and a most enjoyable theater. It's a 4 star instead of 5 only because I think I was hoping for a little less Disney/big-theme-movie stuff and more old-school burlesque show-girl stuff. But that's just me and all in all, most enjoyable. I would, however, like to give the audience a ONE STAR! What is up with people that don't clap? or seem to not notice what these women and men are accomplishing? Hey dude, you try balancing your 40 lb luggage on your head down a flight of twenty stairs and see how well you do! I sometimes think that if people pay money they think they don't need to clap or appreciate or say thank you in any way. So wrong. We later learned from a driver that Vegas is famous for having the most unappreciative audiences....the audience that night at the Jubilee! proved this for sure! It made me clap all the harder and be sure I wrote this review. Wonderful job to this talented cast and a super show.
3	That was a very long 80 minutes!However, I disagree with reviews that said it wasn't worth seeing comped.  It is worth checking out.  It's very Vegas and one is in Vegas.  I definitely wouldn't pay full price or recommend that unless boobs really does it for you.  The girls do have model figures.  It just doesn't do anything for a gay man like me.Let's do pros and cons:Pros:- Great costumes - so over-the-top showgirl Vegas- Great staging and effects- A few cool numbers- Boobs if you like thatCons:- It's not the fastest 80 minutes of your life- Boobs if you don't like that- Some long numbers- The costumes and staging are better than the numbers.
2	One of the worst shows I have seen with only a few redeeming acts...worth taking out of town visitors/tourists just cause its a "classic" thoughThe singers are actually pretty talented and the two guys in white suits doing their synchronized dances were awesome!! I could watch them for a whole hour.As others have stated, there is no plot and nothing makes sense. It is like the ADD/ADHD show...jumps from one scene to another without any transition and each scene is completely unrelated to the last.That worst/weirdest scene was undoubtedly the voodoo/bondage/gay porn looking scene. Awful "dancing" if you can call it that and awful bodies compared to the cast years ago! Cover up please, thanks! Not sure when the performers got so scrawny. 98% of the women are stick figures and look like they're emaciated or prepubescent teens. Would probably be great for pedo-bears! They used to have a lot of curvy ladies that looked like women back in the day. Also, the majority of the guys were scrawny as well. Some were cut but small, others were not even defined at all and a bit skinny fat--gross. All I could think was "bro, do you even lift?"I saw this show years ago (about 7 or 8?) and it was actually decent. Not sure what happened...We went cause the in laws were visiting from out of town and it was their first time in Vegas so we figured we would take them since it was a classic. Worth bringing out of town guests if you can get a good deal I guess but I'd skip it if you're local or come often.
2	This show was pretty disappointing to be honest. Bf and I got the BOGO free deal from the coupon book from Caesars Palace. Hoping this will be quite entertaining because it's been in Vegas for decades! Well, NOT! I actually dozed off a few times. The opening was okay, but the rest..?! Wish we can get our money back. Sigh. After about 10 mins, we realized we have made a mistake, this show is more for seniors. Yes, seniors.... The only part we absolutely loved was the 2 guys doing the robot during the titanic scene, which lasted about 15 mins. Everything else was blah. We are so glad we got one ticket for free, we still feel as though we got gypped due to the fact we paid $117 for the first ticket to get decent seating. By the way, there weren't many audiences, barely filled up about half. Yeah, I wonder why. If you like slow show with lots of repetitive moves, then this show is for you! Serious, don't waste your money, go watch something else.
1	Watch this after fantasy, less interactive with audience, and not alluring at all. The only highlight is the robot dance performed by two men. Maybe this what classic vegas should. But it is really not my type.
3	Old Style Vegas show with girls and the fancy headdress. One can find deals on the show throughout the year. Plenty of seats in this multi floor show room. Comfortable and well kept is the house. Seating arrangement and sound acoustics are thoughtful. No real bad seat. Staff is helpful and friendly to direct people to the assigned seats.  Story is carried over several acts. The guys and girls have a purpose to tell the story. The dancing is well choreographed and music is tasteful for all crowds. Music and this venue is good overall. Show itself in whole was good and easy to follow. Easy to leave arena too. Good: show, seating, sound and exit.Bad: nothing.I wouldn't mind seeing the topless classic showgirl type show again.
4	Seriously, I don't understand the people hating on this show?   It might not be everyone's cup of tea but that doesn't make it bad.  The sparkly costumes on the showgirls were absolutely gorgeous.  The dance numbers were fun and they were all so talented.  One of the performers could sing beautifully...she sang "Home" from "The Wiz".   It was dazzling but then again, I'm not quite as jaded as some reviewers who believe they're too cool for school.I agree with one reviewer who said that there is very little diversity among the performers.  There were quite a few Black and Latino men but hardly any women of color except one pretty brown-skinned lady.  As to the complaints about the bodies of the performers...I didn't see anything wrong with them at all.  They all had terrific bodies and were in great shape.  I was actually thrilled to see that some of the showgirls had small breasts (what some folks here call "flat-chested") because that isn't usually expected in a topless venue.  Women come in all shapes and sizes;  there is beauty in different types.  They were fit, talented and gorgeous so I don't get the catty comments about them being "flat-chested".  That is better than seeing some overly inflated balloons or saggy udders.  There is an obsession with big boobs for some people but the overall package is more important.  Not putting down well-endowed ladies, just saying that small breasts are sexy too and yes, sometimes people want to see that for a change.There was only one girl with large breasts compared to the others...she was about a D cup and very pretty, but they were all stunners.  The two robot dancers were awesome, their moves reminded me of Michael Jackson in some ways.  Once again, the showgirl costumes rocked my world...I can't imagine how heavy some of that stuff must be and what it takes to perform under hot lights.  I don't know if this is the true Vegas show experience because it was my first time (my Vegas virginity is no more!) but I really enjoyed it and would definitely love to come again.Next time I might even buy some popcorn and a candy bar before the show.
