4	Good service, GREAT food, just harder to order on phone then online + order online 3 weeks in advance!
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!Called in an order. They said it would be about 45 minutes. About 5 minutes after we had originally called we called back to let them know we'd like to pick-up the order rather than have it delivered (decided to run errands rather than be lazy pizza eating fattys). "No problem", they said,"45 minutes!". 45 minutes pass and we go to pick up the pizza. When I entered no "hello", no "just a minute", I just stood there for a good 5 minutes before I had to flag someone down and let them know I was there to pick up an order. They said my pizza wasn't ready and it was being made right now. "Come back in 10 minutes". I went to my car to wait and about 5 minutes later went back in and waited patiently......for about 15 minutes. I then had to flag someone down and let them know I was waiting for my pizza. They disappeared for 10 minutes and came back only to tell me I had to wait another 10 minutes. I would also like to note there was a woman who had been waiting there long before I even showed up and was getting the same run around like I was.So once again, after waiting 10 minutes, I go back inside. And once again, there was no one there to greet me or give me an update. Everyone was running around like a chickens with their heads cut off. After standing there for another 10 minutes a crowd of maybe 8 people had formed in the lobby. Not a single one had been greeted or acknowledged. I was able to flag someone down, who once again wandered off and came back only to tell me my pizza had left for delivery. WHAT! It was then I asked for my money back and then, ONCE AGAIN, the person I had been talking to scampered off. I, AGAIN!!! had to flag someone down where I explained to them what happened and that I wanted my money back. It was at that point the woman, who informed me that my pizza had been sent to delivery, came up to me and VERY rudely said, "Ummmmm...I'm trying to get a hold of the driver...ok?". NO. NOT OK. I demanded my money and went to hit a drive-thru. *I have worked in a pizza shop before and even when you're busy there's a right way to handle things.
1	HORRIBLE!! Our order, 2 pizzas, only took 1 hour and 2 minutes to make after they said it would be ready in 20 minutes, and dont get me started on their so called "general manager". Saphire is a real piece of work. How she got that position is more of a mystery than Waldo's location. Apparently she must of been sick the day they taught CUSTOMER SERVICE in her general manager's training. I can also state that the customer before us and one that came in after werent satisfied with their service...
1	Used credit card online to pay for pizza. When the pizza arrived the driver wants to etch my credit card Info on his paperwork. I said no way! He calls manager who said that is there policy and to bring the pizza back! I checked with credit card company and they said under no circumstances should they ever do that! I then called Papa Johns corporate they informed absolutely not to ever give the card to the driver!  Its not a corporate policy just the shady pizza joint down on the corner.
3	Don't try to call for delivery because you will only get the run around. Call for pick up and be sure to order the double burger pizza. It's surprisingly awesome
1	One star because I could not select 0 stars.  Pretend this place is Ebola, and avoid it at all costs.  Ordered online at 6:15pm, 8pm I still have no pizza.  They would not answer the phone for 15min, but when they did they hung up.  I decided to drive to the store so I could obtain a refund.  When I arrived the pitchforks were already out.  10 maybe 12 others waiting and steaming.  No one was given refunds as we were told "we cannot process refunds, only the district manager can".  Many of us left fleeced with no pizza and money spent.  If you are considering Papa Johns I strongly recommend you reconsider.  You could completely thaw and cook a Digiorno Pizza with a magnifying glass on a bright day in half the time it will take Papa Johns to deliver your pizza(s).Boomer Sooner...
