5	Kat has been doing my nails for years. I refuse to see anyone else. Her prices are great, the nail spa is gorgeous and the staff is so friendly.
5	I love coming here. The massage chairs are awesome! Like they really give you a great back massage. I've been coming to see Kat for so long. The shop is clean and they are friendly.
5	My favorite Nail Salon. I heard about this place via Groupon, so I bought one and decided t check it out. The service is suburb, they are so friendly and are wiling to try new nail designs or give you recommendations on color combinations. I have come back multiple times now and am never disappointed. Everyone keeps asking where I get them done at and I am happy to point them in this directions. I recruited 2 of my friends to come here as well and one of them couldn't her Groupon app to pop up, so they honored the price of the group ($20 for a mani/pedi) and told her she could come back again with the Groupon another time. The service is impressive and can't be beat!
1	Very displeased with the owner's demeanor and business practices.
3	I have been here previously and while I wasn't quite impressed (But to be fair I am used to a man doing my pedi because my hooves are exactly that and feel like it) because my gel pedi started to smudge after a day. I went back and they did correct the problem. The staff is very friendly for the most part. I went again with a Groupon for a mani pedi deal (can't beat $19 for both). Everything was fine until I inquired about a full set. I was told the price and then was being flip flopsy about wether to get them or not. I tried to tell the guy working on my nails but he had already taken a phone call. Another lady was (in my opinion) very short and said, you need to make up your mind! Lord if it wasn't New Year's Eve and I wasn't trying to let things roll!!! She got luck and I settled for the express mani, knowing all too well it would start chipping the next day. At least I wasn't the only one. She was very short with a young girl who was trying to tell a nail artist what colors she wanted before being so blatantly cut off. Oh well... Would I return for a third time? Possibly not, but if I did it would be because they are close to me.
5	I suppose third times are the charm. Went back in to get the full set I wanted last time and was greeted by Mimi (the lady I previously passed off as being rude) and felt so at ease, we talked and she giggled and smiled here and there. So perhaps I was a bit critical and maybe she was having a bad day (ok it was NYE and packed). But I did enjoy myself and got exactly what I asked for. I wish there was a more extensive color choice. I was looking for a specific OPI color but found something sorta similar. Anyhow, I will return, but now I know to go straight after work on a weekday.
