2	I ordered at the drive thur, got the order taken and confirmed all the items I ordered.  Paid for the food and got a receipt back that is blurred and not sure what they are charging or what I ordered.  Oh well, I drove forward.  The guy says hello and then informs me that the chicken sandwich will be more than a 5 min wait so I need to park the car in the front of the store.  OK, the wait was about 6 mins but when I got home....we were missing fries and a drink.  =(
1	I have to applaud this McDonalds for putting underachievers to work. Not every restaurant would take a chance on employees and managers who have no ability or desire to answer questions on menu items or read a list of ingredients to determine if allergens are included. Even when I asked the Shift Manager to read the packaging for the list of ingredients, she held tight to the values of the mediocre, and did nothing to help (well she flipped a placemat over a couple times and said she had calorie counts).  Gotta love that determination.
2	Wow, the wait at the drive-thru is painful in the heat!  Even with the air-con. I don't know if because it was extremely hot and humid that this wait seem to take forever.  But prior to going through the drive-thru, we had parked on the other side of the building and I walked to the other side to use the restroom, taking my casual time.  By the time I returned the same car was still at the drive-thru.  And when we finally made our order and received it, it seemed as though it was too long to wait for a drink.Take caution:  there are quite a few homeless hanging in the area.
2	Pros.Food was fast about 2 min. Quarter pounder was cooked to order and very warm. Guy at register understood me and even helped me save a little money with my order but giving me a meal instead of ordering separate that's why I'll give 2 stars instead of oneConsFries were soggy and cold. Ketchup dispenser was so dirty I didn't want to touch it. Mcnuggets were cold and way to crispy. I wouldn't normally chose a McDonald's but I needed fast food before I ran back across the street to the hospital to be with my girlfriend. I won't come here again while she's in the hospital.
1	Wow.  I was told fries weren't ready and to park in reserved parking.  15 min later the cashier came out and served the car behind me.  Walking into the restaurant the server with the pixie haircut gave me a vacant look, asked me to confirm my order and then walked away when I asked why I was served second.       The real treat was to come.  As I looked into the bag, the fries were old and the quarter pounder had no meat in it.  Outstanding job gang!!!
5	This McDonald's has been remodeled.  They have a new play place for the kids. It is a bit noisy but the play area is really noce. It is all contained so the kids don't get as dirty as some play places. The food was hot and fresh. They were super busy and we still got our food quick. The staff was courteous and was cleaning while we were there. I would recommend this place for kids and adults.
3	This is a nice new McDonalds with a playplace. It's fairly clean and the people there are courteous.
3	Typical McDonalds. This one is cleaner than most and has a nice indoor play area for the kids. Service is fast and the food is pretty much the same as other McDs. The ketchup dispensers ate always out and if you ask the cashiers for ketchup packets they look at you like your a weirdo.
1	Very poor service , I feel like a bunch of teenagers got thrown into the work force without proper training , I felt bad for these kids , last night I got my food for free because the guy with the handset forgot to turn his headset on and as I drove forward to the second window that guy was no where in sight ...as I had to park and go into the store I asked for the manager I think the girl was like 18 she had no clue what to say and the young man just looked at me dead in the eye and had nothing to say either ....
