4	Just opened, good coffee and free wifi. Radio is a little loud and space is kind of sterile, but I'm sure it will get better with time.
4	Delicious Coffee. Friendly Staff. Grateful for the Coconut Water & pH balanced Bottled Water. Knocking off one star for the snack selection, though it's improving!
5	What a great little lunch spot hidden in RIDC  park. This is a vegetarian cafe that serves coffee beverages and a bunch of delicious lunch options like panini sandwiches, quesadillas, soup, salad, and pizza. I ordered the white apple cheddar panini. It was melty white cheddar, apples, onion, and mustard on a grain bread. This baby was so good! I could have eaten 10 of them!...well maybe not, but I would love the stomach capacity to do so because this sandwich was bomb! It was served with a side of chips and a pickle spear. You could get a side of fries for an up-charge. I was there at noon and it was pretty dead. I don't know if that's the usual scene or if the bad weather was keeping people away, but I hope this place gets solid business because I'd love to see it stick around.
4	Good coffee and a nice selection of vegetarian lunch options. This place is across the street from my building and I frequent it often. The only reason I don't give it five stars is that I think the prices are a bit high.
5	I was exploring Pittsburgh last week, when I came across this hidden gem. I easily found a place in their parking lot (since it's humongous). The Cafe had two blue elephants on either side of the main entrance, which reminded me of the beautiful blue pottery artwork kings and queens used to have in their palaces centuries ago in India. This place is very simple and elegant, and it perfect for a casual Tuesday afternoon. Their menu is completely vegetarian, and most of their menu can cater to vegans too. I ordered the cranberry panini and 3-bean chilli. My order came within 5 minutes, and it was the most delicious cranberry panini I had ever had. I was excited to see the wide variety of teas they had, and tried the ginger tea and the green tea. Both were great. If you are in Pittsburgh, you HAVE TO visit this Cafe.
4	After working in RIDC Park for almost 3 months, I finally decided to check out the Blue Elephant Cafe.  I was surprised to find out that they were actually a vegetarian, organic cafe! While I don't live by either of these culinary choices, I still found their menu to be enticing and ordered the White Cheddar Apple Medley Panini.  It was served hot within 5 minutes, and my bill came to a little over $8 for the sandwich (which came with a pickle and side of chips) and beverage.  Not bad!The sandwich itself was delicious. A great blend of flavors, though I found it a little difficult to eat at times. When I bit into the sandwich the apple wanted to escape and either ended up slipping out of the sandwich or hanging from my teeth. Not being one to leave a fallen sandwich behind, I trudged on and made a happy plate (or joined the Clean Plate Club, depending on which reference you fancy).  I will definitely be back soon, seeing as its a short walk from my office and a healthy alternative to many other quick dining options in the area.
4	I just had a wonderful panini sandwich with a group of friends at Blue Elephant Cafe. It was filled with apple slivers, delicious cheese, fresh greens, and a spicy mustard. The wonderful lunch was topped off with an extraordinarily good cup of coffee. Try out this pretty spot whenever you're in the neighborhood. You'll be glad you did.
5	Excellent vegetarian food from cultures around the world, right here in Pittsburgh. Definitely worth a trip.
