5	Joey was great, i don't get pics for another 3 weeks or so but he was totally helping me try and calm my nerves. He helped make me as flattering as possible in poses but very discretely. My back fat would pop out and he would move my position so it wouldn't show and told me to be mindful of my chin's position when smiling or laughing :) We all know we don't want to see a double chin in our pics and i am soooo happy he made sure i didn't. He took his time fixing little details of how my dress looked in pics and husbands tux. He took tons of detail pics at reception and reminded me of pics i wanted bc i would have totally forgotten! I know the pics are going to turn out amazing thank you Joey for everything!!!
5	Joey did our engagement photos last May. My husband and I just got married and I'm just now getting around to reviewing all my wedding vendors, but wanted to make sure I wrote something about Joey Allen. He did a phenomenal job with our engagement pictures last year. He has a great eye, and pays such amazing attention to every detail in every single picture. It was the first time my husband and I had professional pictures done together, so we were a little nervous and felt a little awkward, but he did a great job of posing us. The only reason we didn't book him for our wedding was because he was already booked. I would highly recommend him to any bride & groom.
5	"Capturing the moments of today that will WOW your hearts tomorrow" This is exactly what Joey did on my wedding day! My pictures are everything I could of wanted!  He truly has a talent behind the camera and captures the most precious moments.The pictures with my hubby & I captured true happiness, that makes my heart melt every time I look back on them. To say the least I'm beyond thrilled
5	Joey is an amazing photographer!  He did our engagement shoot earlier this month, and the photos are phenomenal, I am extremely happy with the finished product.  He spent a lot of time with us and was very patient despite the fact that I'm pretty difficult to work with, and my fiance is really uncomfortable in front of the camera.  Also, he finished our photos a lot quicker than I expected, and the DVD we received had excellent packaging!  Little things like that leave a great impression!As my fiance and I looked through the photos, we felt like we were reliving the moment!  I could go on and on, but what it boils down to is that I would definitely recommend him to anyone!  I can't thank him enough for our beautiful pictures!
5	My wife found Joey after looking extensively at different photographers in the Las Vegas area and reading reviews on Yelp, the Knot, and other review sites.  After some time she decided on Joey based on the great reviews given to him, the pictures seen both here and on his website, and the reasonable rates.  We booked him for our wedding on 5/24/14 with a small $50 retainer.Joey showed up on-time and even did some little things above and beyond his job description like updating me that they (he and the bride) had hit some traffic on the way from the hotel to the venue.  Joey was a little bossy and demanding before and after the ceremony but there is no doubt that this was with the aim of getting the best possible photos done.  He treated us somewhat like models who were getting paid and expected us to what the photographer said, but as the client it resulted in some amazing results.  Many of the guests told us during the wedding that he was the type of photographer you wanted and they were right!Once the ceremony and family pictures were completed Joey did a great job of blending in with the crowd and capturing candid moments of the rest of the reception.  Over the course of 8 hours Joey captured 1800+ photos for us.  We had an amazing time going through the pictures and reliving the entire night.  By the time we had gone through all of them we had laughed and cried at many of the memories.We can't thank Joey enough for the work he performed for us and would highly recommend his services to anybody who is looking for a great photographer.Update:  We've since shared our wedding pictures with many guests and other family and friends and the feedback has been unanimous that the pictures are amazing and seemed to capture every memorable moment.  People have been shocked to find out how reasonable Joey's rates were for the quality of product delivered.  I've since found out from some other married friends of mine that they paid 3-10x as much for their pictures and that they didn't come out nearly as well.
5	AMAZING!!!Joey was just recently our photographer for our wedding and all of our pictures were just beautiful. We received them so quickly after the wedding and love all of them. He captured every great moment of the night and also captured such beautiful candid moments. We highly recommend him for any event!
