1	Normally I would give this place maybe 3/4 stars, but today we went to buy food to make breakfast and everything is fine until we got home. We cooked out food and my boyfriend took a bite if our breakfast sandwiches and thought the Jimmy Dean sausage tasted weird, well it's been expired for 6 days!!! There should be no reason that a store sales anything past expiration especially meat products!!! This is the job of Walmart and their employees to check these things. Guess we'll have to keep an eye out if we even continue shopping here and we will be going back to talk to a manager.
1	So we went back that day to talk to someone about our issue and we were offered more expired meat. I couldn't believe it and at this point even if it wasn't expired our appetite for sausage was completely out the window. When we told the girl we didn't want to exchange it she called her assistant manager who was completely rude from the start. She walked up and the girl who we spoke with explained the situation and then just stared at us and said nothing. At that point my bf explained the situation again and I added in that the meat should be removed which seamed to only agitate her even more. She did not apologize once and was never friendly what so ever which only upset us more, especially since we were being calm about the situation. Plus my bf was not feeling well from the meat. At this point we were offered $3 for a refund and my bf again explained that we had to throw out the eggs we cooked in the grease and had to throw the cheese and bread we used. Again, this only made her attitude worse. This was really not how we planned spending our Saturday morning. From that point she just gave us a rude look, silence.... Then said "Well you can just have a $10 gift card" it was her tone and horrible customer service that upset us so we took the $3 dollars and walked out. Bad customer service is my pet peeve so to say the least we will no longer be giving Walmart out service!
3	Not so sure what to say, it is Wal Mart. Is what it is!Clean, small and convenient location near both my work and gym. Need a household item or something similar, it's right there on the way home. Bonus for having plenty of self checkouts for those times when you have that one bottle of detergent or one box of tampax.
3	So, I've actually seen a similar meat expiration date issue at one time & found the male store mgr who was very prompt to fix the issue. Also that same store mgr helped me find some pkgs I had shipped thru the website site-to-store. There is a lady some kinda mgr who was assting me @ 1st, but... Yea. She wasn't very thorough in her looking because  as soon as the man came & searched, he found it. Score!! So only 3 stars, because that male mgr has been very helpful.I do like that they are 24 hr store which helps when your child says, hey mom, we need more ____ ... Yep. Been there.
4	I love that it is small and never crowded. Beats going to the bigger Walmart locations any day if the week. Their selection is limited, but I can deal with that as long as I don't have to stand in line for 30 minutes to check out. I've never waited in line at this store.
4	I used to hate going shopping at any Wal-mart because of the crowds.  This Wal-mart is perfect when I need a few items and don't want to battle the crowds and stand in line for a while waiting to check out.  I am usually in and out of this place in no time.  It's the best Wal-mart experience I have had.  It's nevery busy, it's small (easy to find what you're looking for), and the workers aren't chucking boxes down the aisles in the middle of the day trying to stock all the shelves.  In fact, there aren't many employees that appear to be working here.  Usually only one regular register open at a time and a bunch of self check-outs.  Wal-mart's still not my favorite place to shop, but I'm a fan of this location for my hygeine products.
2	I give this store 2 stars because only about 1/2 of the time do they even have what you want. The stock in the store is PATHETIC! They didn't have 5 items on my list of 25 things. Things like stick pretzels. They have 3 brands, and not one bag of stick pretzels was in the store. The Steak selection was a JOKE!. Not one steak more than 1/2 inch thick, and most we're less than that!. $9.56/lb for 3/8th in. NY Strips is not a good deal.   They did not have one rotisserie chick in the store, except for a couple of old shriveled cold ones.
