2	I've ordered from here twice and had two very different, but equally dissatisfying experiences. The first time the driver got lost on his way to my house which is literally on the corner of two fairly busy residential streets, but the food was alright enough and in the end it still wasn't late.The second time, however, made it clear I'd never order again. I ordered the food and it was generally on time, but for some reason instead of marinara for my breadsticks I got ketchup? Which wouldn't have been a huge deal had they not been bone dry. The pizza wasn't terrible, but the sauce was utterly awful and NOT the same as the sauce on the pizza I'd ordered the first time. I'm not sure what changed but I wouldn't suggest this place to anyone that wants worthwhile food.
4	Went to a few places around a few surrounding neighborhoods and came across this  place out of the blue.Wow... from pizzas to subs, or hoagies as Pittsburghers say, it is allllll good. Not too much or too sweet of red sauce of this pizza and the crust is always tasty.
1	I had heard good things about the pizza here from some people in my apartment building. I absolutely love pizza and always look forward to trying a new pizza joint. After ordering and having it delivered, I immediately noticed when grabbing a slice that they pizza was covered in a rather large bulk of cheese. Then I could not even get the pizza slice out of the box because the bottom of the pizza was not cooked. It was so doughy and soft that it fell apart. Had it not been late, I would have drove it back and showed them. I attempted to re-bake the pizza on my pizza stone but it did not help much. It was probably one of the worst pizzas I have eaten in the burgh. I will never order from here again nor recommend it.
2	Got a meatball sub and fries for take out. Not the best sub I've ever had, but not the worst. The fries were awful and soggy even though I picked it up right as it was finished being made. I'm not sure about their pizza, but I'm not too confident it's better than the places I currently order from.
2	Won't be ordering from here again. The delivery man was rude because they transposed my address. I, very nicely, assured the man that I gave the correct address and again he shoved the receipt in my face wanting an apology.  I know this looks like a scorned review - but the pizza actually earned 2 stars on it's own. WAY too greasy and just okay tasting. I was really hopeful I'd have a better experience since this place is in the neighborhood. Oh well, you live and learn.
3	It seems that others have had problems with deliveries, however I have only picked up orders here before. Pizzas have been quickly made and ready by the time I arrived. The quality and pizza prices are right-down-the-road average in my opinion. I would recommend trying it sometime.
1	Sucked, ordered a BBQ Chicken Sicilian pizza and they gave me a regular. There was no BBQ sauce in it. The seafood calzone had more bread and grease then actual meat. And the service was shit. No more from me.
1	The mozzarella cheese sticks were not cooked and taste horrible. The honey bar b que bites were burnt, soft textured and no flavor. The buffalo chicken was completely gross and the chicken was cold as ice. The pizza lacked flavor, cheese was cheap with opened canned tomato sauce. WILL NEVER EAT FROM THEM AGAIN. A COMPLETE DISASTER AND WASTE OF MONEY
4	I ordered Pesaro's last week and it was great. I know a lot of other people have had bad experiences, but I really loved it. We got a large pizza with black olives and extra cheese. It was cooked perfectly, delicious and it got here in a reasonable amount of time with no problems. I'll try it again soon and hope that my opinion doesn't change!!
2	We've been ordering from here for at least five years. The most recent deliveries have taken an excessive amount of time. Tonight we placed the order at 10:25pm. The driver called us at 11:03 saying he was on the 62nd street bridge and asking where we lived in Shaler. The only problem is we live in Lawrenceville... Off of Stanton. It's now 11:37 and still no order. We should have picked it up, I'd be in bed by now. The pizza better be hot, but I have a feeling it won't be.
2	First time ordering from the Lawrenceville store. Yuck. This place better re-evaluate their ingredients and taste standards because it was just blah. The Sicilian pizza crust was terrible and there was hardly any sauce on the pizza. There are so many better places in the area, especially Bloomfield.  Try Frank's also in Millvale. Amazing.
3	My mom visits me for pizza. Perhaps there are other reasons such as my charming personality or birthright, but the fact that Pesaro's can be delivered to my apartment entices her a bit more.  Prices aren't the cheapest, but are pretty comparable for the area.  A fan of the fact that you can order Today we went the online ordering route which always estimates a longer delivery time, but I was pleased at the time it took to be delivered.  I also appreciated that tonight's delivery man wasn't smoking which I have had happen to me before (first I don't want my food to smell/taste like smoke second if you are having trouble juggling a reciept/pen and pizza you shouldn't add something else into the equation).As we normally do we went the make your own pizza today opting for a white pizza with hot peppers and meat.  The number of toppings is impressive and welcomed considering we pay for them individually.  The pizza was so hot you would have thought they cooked it on the way down Butler Street.  Only complaint if it was entirely too greasy - like leaked through the box + paper towels and left a puddle on my table.  Stand by and safe bet if you need a pizza from the neighborhood.
1	Normally I have no issue Pesaro's but after my last order I'm done with them. I ordered the family feast when the driver came I paid him $23.53 right after the driver left I noticed I did not get the breadsticks or 2lt of tea & my hoagie was wrong. I called was giving the run around about that's not what I ordered and I would have to pay $3.50 more if I wanted those missing items. After complaining about how often I order from them I was told the $3.50 would be waved even thou I had paid it with my original delivered order. When the 2nd drive came with the corrected hoagie & missing items I was told once again I had to pay $3.50 I was told it was put into the system wrong. I don't see how that is my problem when I paid the 1st time, if I didn't have hungry boys I would had returned my whole order.I paid the difference and vowed to never go back there they didn't care they were loosing a long time customer. The only thing they cared about was $3.50 and would not believe I had paid the 1 driver who I suspect kept the difference and also his mouth shut when asked what I paid him. Mistakes happen and would over look this is the I wasn't treated so rudely.
