4	The pizza is good, but the pasta is outstanding. Nice quaint family outing place, or a great place to take a date for a private dinner. They, also, offer some good salads.
5	The hubby and I were trying to decide on lunch. I felt the need to support one of our local eateries that we hadn't tried yet.  Just off of Pinnacle Peak Pkwy and Miller is 3 Tomatoes & a Mozzarella.We started off with sharing the Tortellini Insalata which was infused with a fragrant basil vinagrette.  This was a light and refreshing starter salad that was a perfect portion for 2.We are pizza junkies and very picky pizza junkies at that.  So we decided to try the Quattro Formaggi pizza.  This was a fantastic pizza.  It had parmesan, fontina, gorgonzola, asiago cheese, prosciutto, roasted garlic, white truffle oil infusion.  The garlic was soft, and sweet and added the perfect accent to the prosciutto and cheeses.  After devouring more than 1/2 of the pizza, we realized that our promise to one another of "Honey let's really try and eat healthy and not go overboard" was a distant memory,  we thought what better way to end the meal than with the homemade chocolate chocolate chip gelato.  It was a fantastic. We shared a bowl of this yummy goodness and there was a small spoon fight at the table.  My advice, order your own ;o)
3	A cute, unassuming little bistro with excellent pizza. Went here on Friday for dinner with Husband after what I will diplomatically label "a day." I wanted to get a quick bite and not wait too long, despite the fact that it was Friday nite. So, we thought we would try this place as we have gone by a few times.First, the atmosphere is very cute. Do not let the strip mall location fool you, the inside has an open kitchen where you can watch the boys on the back toss and spin pizza crusts. The decor is stereotypically "tuscan" -faux finish, vines, faux marble. but, somehow, it comes off as cute instead of cheesy. The service was good and fast - no wait for a table and the wine came quickly.The wine list is abbreviated, but not over priced (one of my pet peeves!), right in line with a nicer pizza and pasta place. Husband and I shared the chicken pesto pizza, which was excellent. The pesto was not overly oiled and spiced well. The chicken on the pizza was also good - chunks of breast meat as opposed to the mystery parts often found on chicken pizza.Very cute, little to no wait....we will def. be back.
5	Love their pizza and atmosphere. Their Caesar salad is really good too. They had a great deal during the summer, where we got 2 salads, 1 large pepperoni pizza and a bottle of wine for $40.
2	In a nutshell ... boring.For some reason my friends like to come to this place and I've been several times so this review is actually a culmination of all my experiences.For starters, ever time I come here they only have one server.  I'd like to say the service is terrible but that wouldnt be fair because there's only one person handling the whole restaurant.  The real key here is that the management/owners (whatever) don't ever get up off their asses and help out when the poor girl is swamped. Look around, you'll see lots of parched people sitting in front of empty glasses.And speaking of management, don't think about bringing a kid here unless you're interested in dirty looks from the old hostess.  Believe me I hate kids in restaurants too but it's 6:00pm and if it wasn't for my friend and his kids eating these mediocre $20 pizzas the place would be dead so sweetheart, yes, you with the grimace, lighten up.  You're bringing the whole dining experience down.And speaking of down.  I've seen several, several, several kids spill full cups of milk on the floor in this place because the owners refuse to stock plastic cups with lids and straws for the kids. You can find stupid metallic covers for your goofy menus but can't stock a lid. Talk about being obstinant.OK, on to the food.  Not bad, not great.  Not quite convinced it's Tuscan but if you're lost in North Scottsdale and can't find Grimaldis and you stumble into this place you'll walk away with a mediocre Italian meal.
3	r.i.p.
