5	This Albertsons is always very organized and clean. The entire staff is so friendly and helpful. Steve the Manager is a joy to the customers.
4	Clean place and the staff was very polite and helpful.  I wish other Albertsons were as nice as this one, especially with staff.  Beer selection was good but not great.  Parking is on a somewhat steep grade so choose wisely where you park your car relative to the cart corrals.
3	We come to this Albertsons every so often, but preferring instead the location near the 101 and FLW Blvd. Both stores are clean and their employees are helpful when looking for hard to find items. The game we all play with grocery food chains each week is who has the best circular and prices for week. And, as some have already mentioned, the prices seem slightly higher then Fry's.  I myself find them on a par with Safeway. What is also nice about this location is the variety of fast food options available nearby. Parking can sometimes be difficult to navigate due to the poor sight lines and folks dashing in and out.  So, be careful when you're in their parking lot.
4	I shop here often.  One of my requirements for a grocery store is clean aisles.  They keep their aisles clean here.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lnwUINj-K7f1ak7Dl1Y6ig?select=9W8LPv-Cr2FyMEUVAWdAIQ#9W8LPv-Cr2FyMEUVAWdAIQThe staff is always friendly and greets you when you walk in and when you're at the checkout line....believe it or not, that doesn't always happen at other stores.The prices are definitely a bit higher here than at other stores, but it's in Scottsdale, what do you expect?The only thing I wish they had more of is a bigger selection of fresh Bread.Overall, it's an above average shopping experience.Return Factor - 100%
3	I like this location because its close to my house.  But for some reason they don't have a lot of the items I like that I find at safeway or Frys.  Maybe they just carry different things I don't know.  But this place is definetely clean.  I agree with the other reviewers.  Aisles are clean for sure.   One other thing i like about this place is it is never busy.  Always lanes open and never a long wait.   If you want regular groceries go here.  If you need specialty check elsewhere.
2	Their Customer Service Counter should be " Customer Service if we feel like it" More times than not this counter is not manned causing a wait for someone to come, they never say sorry for the delay, never. Today the girl just looks up and says what do you want?  Really, maybe a little training needs to happen at this location
5	I love this store! Have you seen the new carport awnings? they're amazing. For the most part the employees are pleasant, courteous and helpful with the exception of the young brunet that works in customer service.She less than helpful and acts like she's bothered when she has to help someone. The store manager and assistant managers are always helpful!I can shop across the street at Safeway or up the road at Fry's however I choose this Albertsons location because of the friendly staff and quality of food. Oh and the pharmacist's are super helpful too!
4	Review update, same friendly employees and cleanliness....the only update for this business is that I've used their Redbox movie rental machine several times, which is very convenient for us.  Also, I noticed they now have a Claw Machine!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/albertsons-osco-scottsdale-4?select=UfDW-nySdERX7GpDu6RIlg#UfDW-nySdERX7GpDu6RIlgWhat's the deal with these Claw Machines popping up everywhere?!Return Factor - 100%
1	Three lanes open and the express lane check out clerk sends a customer off in search for an item to complete her non-express size order....leaving us to wait for 10 minutes.  When the customer finally comes back, the manager stops to chat with this customer about her son's football injury.  So we continue to wait while she thinks about pulling out her checkbook to pay (CHECKBOOK, REALLY!!). In the meantime,  the other two open registers have completed over 5 orders apiece, non-express. And the manager says to us, thank you for waiting.  The cashier never even made eye contact, no thank you,  no apology, nor one word.   Don't worry, it won't happen again.  You just lost a customer.
