3	Class? Show of hands for those who think a Yankee should not have the first review of a BBQ joint? Thanks for your input. I tried the BBQ plate of pulled chicken. Comes with a hefty portion of pulled chicken and white bread bun (they can keep the bun) along with two sides. I got the mac n cheese YUM and the green beans and stewed tomatoes(they can keep them too).The chicken was great with some Carolina gold sauce. Also tried a full rack of BBQ ribs. These are stellar. Big, thick, meaty,fall off the bone, baby back ribs, nicely coated in BBQ sauce. I also got a side of BBQ baked beans.Delicious. 4 star ribs! Here's where the stars start to fall from the sky. I tried a "by the bulk" order of pulled pork. (we're talking 1LB) I was disappointed that it was dry. By dry, I mean no sauce. Yeah, they gave me a few (three) little cups of sauce but each was a different flavor? So I ended up with 1LB. of pork and about three tablespoons of sauce. Each container approx. a tablespoon in three different flavors? This BBQ thing is confusing the sh*t atta this Yankee. I do see on their menu that you can order a bottle of their sauce($5) and I would have , had I known, because the portion I got to try with the sauce was good. I guess they assume anyone ordering BBQ has done so before and knows how to roll. Me? Not so much. Over all, I thought the service was great on each visit besides them trying to confuse the crap out of this little damsel in distress (*blink *blink) My, my, my, I do declare confusion.
4	For starters-let me explain what BBQ means in the Carolinas.  Unless you see a BBQ restaurant with a modifier like Texas or St. Louis, you can bet that BBQ is pulled or minced PORK.  In eastern NC, they flavor the BBQ with vinegar-esque sauce.  In western NC (i.e. 'piedmont style'), its flavored with tomato sauce.  SC style BBQ is flavored with mustard.  The Rock House is typical Carolinas BBQ that caters to all tastes.  The BBQ is cooked plain and you are given a choice of these 3 aforementioned sauces to doctor it up.  Though their BBQ is not as flavorful as actually marinating the BBQ in the sauces, Rock House makes a meaty BBQ sandwich for a good price.  Their lunch combo is $5.50, which a BBQ sandwich, a side dish, and a drink.  If you don't like slaw, be sure to order your sandwich without it.  This is standard procedure for making  BBQ sandwiches. The mac n cheese is the best-creamy, cheddary goodness, yum yum.  The baked beans are top-notch as well.  Like your typical BBQ joint, they have banana pudding, coleslaw, and Brunswick stew as sides.  If you're in Mint Hill, stop by the Lowe's Foods to find this little gem.  Also, they have a location in Stallings- a literal rock house on Old Charlotte Hwy. (or Monroe Rd. as its called in Charlotte).  You won't be disappointed.
3	Prior to this experience, I had two experiences at the Rock Store.One was at the actual rock store, out on Old Monroe Road.  When we showed up, they were closing the doors.  Not for good, just because they decided to do so.  They did not seem to be out of food, they just decided to close.The other was at a food stand/truck.  There, the food was generally good, but it can be difficult to get a good idea of what things are like in that environment.  So we decided to try out their new(ish) location and see if we could actually get some food in the restaurant-like setting.For starters, it just does not have the atmosphere of the rock store.  The strip mall does not carry quite the same level of interest.  That is to be expected.  Luckily, it is carried off by the fact that the staff goes above and beyond to help you decide on your dishes.  Huge props to them for their friendliness.When it comes to the food, I still find that they fall a little bit short.  While the meat is good, and generally tender, it is just lacking in flavor, and comes out a little dry.  The Rock Store does offer several varieties of sauce, and all are decent.  But without any sauce, the meat itself is just lacking, and there are better options in town.  Definitely check them out if you just want some company, though.  In that regard, they are tough to beat.
3	I really love brisket it's the best ever in the world, so I've been searching for a new bbq place since my favorite one closed down.  And I found rock store bbq, well I got the brisket with two sides and well let's just say I enjoyed the brownie I got for dessert more, I wasn't impressed but because I paid for it I ate it any way.  I didn't like how the sides where out in the open, although covered up but not in a heat source to keep them warm so that sucked, let's just say I will not be going back.
3	A neat little spot next to Lowe's Food in Mint Hill.Now, I'm not connoisseur of barbeque by any stretch of the imagination, but this stuff was pretty darn good. Pulled pork and chicken, a range of sauces from tangy Carolina vinegar to sweet mustard-based, lots of sides that the staff are eager to recommend and help you choose from.  It has its opportunities, I'll give them that, but for inexpensive, fast, and close by, not too bad.Kinda dull on the inside (it's a strip mall, though, so there's few things to do), but the great staff make it worth visiting.When I'm looking to break the routine for a quick meal, Mint Hill Rock Store does the trick
3	Very very good BBQ....the sides however suck.I love great BBQ and hated to see first Elliott's and then Outlaw BBQ go out of business.  I have always really liked the Rock Store's BBQ but the sides are horrible.  The slaw taste like it's Ruth's or Star's store bought...and that is nasty stuff, we tried the Mac & Cheese and it's boxed Craft if I had to guess.  The beans taste like canned beans, and the banana pudding also tasted like it was out of the box.We're eating their BBQ tonight, but we ordered just sandwiches, we bought chips from the store and it's a very good meal.  Overall the BBQ is awesome, the sides not so much....if they fix that, they will be one of the best BBQ places in Charlotte.
4	Just picked up a pulled pork sandwich plate here for dinner. It came with two sides, I got the mac n cheese and hush puppies. A solid choice. I seem to forget about this place, which sucks because it's exactly what I want when I'm tired of everything else. A small business with great food and greater staff. The price is extremely reasonable and man did I get more than enough pork for one sandwich. I could probably have made at least one if not two more sandwiches! Growing up in Charlotte, it's always nice to steer away from the bigger 'chain' BBQ places. And yes the hush puppies are wonderful here. The BBQ itself is just what I expect. It comes unflavored and you simply add the sauce of your choosing. Let me just say, "I'm full!"
3	I first went to the Rock Store BBQ in Marshville and Matthews and was kind of excited that they opened a location in Mint Hill. Honestly, Rock Store's bbq is not out of this world and you certainly can get better around town but for the price and convenience it is a solid choice. Their three sauces are real good. I actually would use all of them. They do have your typical side items of slaw, mac and cheese, stew, beans etc. Again, the sides are decent but nothing special. Certainly not homemade items either.  But there prices reflect that. At arounf $7 for a plate compared to $13 at some of the better bbq places in Charlotte. The store is on Mint Hill Matthews Road in down town Mint Hill right next to Harris Teeter (old Lowes Foods)
4	As soon as you open the door you know that real, quality BBQ is coming your way. The smell of the smoke used to craft their food is abundant, and it should be.....it's the real deal. I am from this area and smoke lots of BBQ myself so I feel pretty qualified for reviewing a BBQ restaurant. I have tried all of the meats the offer and they all have brought a smile to my face. I am partial to the pulled pork, but  really everything will please. The sides are really good, I have tried them all but the slaw and love them all. The hush puppies are my favorite and are addictive. They offer 3 sauces, each are very good, try them all. The portions are great, if you leave hungry it is not their fault. The place itself is a small, plain, no frills hole in the wall.....and the prices reflect that. If they were a stand alone, large place the prices would more than likely be higher....but would still be a great deal. Bottom line, this Carolina boy is happy to have this place near by, it keeps me from firing up my pit so often.
3	This is one of those places that I couldn't remember if I had already reviewed or not my review seemingly as memorable as the food. I would have given them a half star (2 1/2 stars total if I could) .  I think my Dad, who was a BBQ aficionado said it best when he tasted their ribs... "I've had  worse" I used to come here 1 or 2 times a month, not a great customer to be sure, but better than most I suppose. Never had a problem with the service from the kids behind the counter.   While the ribs are ok, to be fair, the cornbread and banana pudding are very good.  I say "used to come here" because I won't be back.  They recently expanded their menu, which was well needed, and included fried chicken.  I LOVE fried chicken(Can you say Price's Chicken Coop?!?! )  so I was very excited.  I tried some of their chicken last week, and was a little disappointed.  It was crispy and had a good flavor, but it tasted like it had been hanging around a long time, and again, to be fair I was in there fairly late.  I decided to give them another chance, went in at a more reasonable dinner time around 6 PM.  I ordered the 2 piece dark meat dinner that comes with two sides. I asked the  young lady if I could get two thighs instead of a leg and a thigh, and she looked absolutely flummoxed. Could I possibly be the only person in Mint Hill to ask this question?  She told me she would have to check, then goes and  confers with another kid behind the counter and collectively they deliver their verdict.. NO!  What? Seriously? How about you charge me extra? "NO..we can't..because...(wait for it) "if we do that we would have more legs than thighs." Unbelievable. I guess I am glad that business is doing so well for them they can say NO customers on something so silly.  She then asks me which two sides I wanted.  Images of corn bread and banana pudding flashed by my miffed mind, and I could hear the voice of  my dear, departed, mother in my ears..."So, what are you going to do son?  Cut your nose off to spite your face?"  Why yes, as a mater of fact I am. i said no thanks, no sides, no chicken and walked out.And that would have probably been the end of it, and I wouldn't be whining in this review but noooooooo.  Just as  I hit the door I hear that young lady say to me, in the most smarmy voice...."Have a nice day!"  You know the voice,, the one that tries to make you look like an a**hole when you say "She told me to have a nice day!" Smarmy, syrupy, just oozing with insincerity.  It was totally uncalled for as I was not the least bit dick-ish to her.So, long review short..ribs mediocre, chicken mediocre, sides mediocre (Except the cornbread and banana pudding :-) 1 douche behind the counter    2 1/2   stars
2	The fried chicken breast was dry and overcookedPotato wedges were undercookedHoney mustard gold sauce was deliciousHushpuppies were goodMac n cheese was pretty goodYou do get stuffed for $7 though
2	The BBQ in this little strip mall joint decidedly does NOT rock.  I've never been to the original Rock Store but I've heard good things.  I had some time to kill between photography jobs in Mint Hill, it was lunch time, and I was in the parking lot, so I decided to grab some good old NC style BBQ pork.I should have realized that any place with all that traffic outside and a jam packed parking lot at high noon that only had three customers inside may have problems.I had the pulled pork sandwich and potato wedges.  The pork was dry and without sauce or flavor, slapped on a cold bun.  I was offered several sauces and chose the spicy, which was OK but too sweet and not very spicy.  I was horrified to see that when I ordered fries the lady behind the counter pulled open a warming oven and pulled out a pan filled with a giant pile of precooked wedges being kept warm.  There were enough wedges in that pan to feed everybody in the parking lot.  She grabbed a handful off of the top of the huge pile and put them in a cardboard boat.  You can about imagine how they were.  Flavor, not bad but texture, soggy, limp and old.Another Charlotte area BBQ joint bites the dust. Too bad.
3	Good, functional BBQ which slides to very good if you stick to what they do best.First, I've only ever had takeout from this spot, as well as the original location in Stallings. Some BBQ joints just work better as take-out (not unlike some Asian places) and this is one of them. Also, buy in bulk and get everything else you need from the Teeter next door--buns,beans, etc.Next, stick to the basics pork and slaw, although I've also had some really good brisket here. There is not the depth of smoky    flavor and bark of the very best BBQ but it is still nicely done and will scratch your cue itch. Also the slaw comes in red and white varieties which is an old Lexington thing you don't see everywhere. Basically the white is a creamy prep while the red is made with some of the vinegar based sauce. The latter results in a kinda a cross between a condiment and a side, and folks who do not like a lot of sauce with their cue seem to like to use it to give a little tang and crunch to the meat.The rest of the sides, except maybe the Mac n cheese you can probably make better at home. But if you are doing take-out in bulk, that is not a problem.
