1	The staff was bad.  They almost did not allow me to take my test after producing a valid government ID.  After I produced another form of ID, the lady still looked at me skeptically.  It wasn't until my classmate stepped in to vouch for me that she finally allowed me to start my test.  I question the training this registration lady received.  Especially because I had no problem last year taking my USMLE Step 1 nor my COMLEX level 1 at this site.I thought my problem was an isolated incident and would have dismissed it as such.  However, after speaking to many of my colleagues whom have also taken their tests there.  I must agree that I question the training they are receiving.  They are very rude when things don't go according to plan. The staff needs to be replaced and/or retrained.  If you come, bring two forms of valid government issued ID. Worst prometric I have ever been to.  I have had experiences with over 4.
5	They are very strict in regards to the name on your ID matching the name that you registered with.To prevent any problems questions, I would print out all confirmation emails, receipts, etc. and to bring them with you.There were 2-3 female employees here when I went, alternating what job to do. They were very nice to me.You need to sign out/in for breaks and for the test I had to take, you could take however many breaks you wanted as long as you didn't go past the amount of time allotted for your test. I took the Hesi A2, by the way. Also, if you take the Hesi A2 test, you need to know your online log-in and password for the site you used to register for the test.::: PROSParking is NOT in confusing a parking garageNot in a busy part of townEasy to find/navigate through parking lotWater cooler w/ cupsClean bathroomLockers available for putting your thingsComfortable seatingUse of dry erase boards for problem solving, good pens too::: CONSComputers were kind of oldHeadphones were available to block out noise, but were uncomfortable and I did not personally see them get cleanedDid not allow me to print my test results thereOverall, I had a decent experience and would recommend this testing center. The staff was knowledgeable and did their jobs well. Good luck on your test!
4	I'm hesitant to say "yay!" about a prometric center, because nobody is ever really happy to be here, but given the circumstances, this is as good as it is going to get. The ladies working were friendly but calm (don't want hyperactive people stressing you out even more on test day!). As with all prometric centers, they fingerprint and photograph you, have you sign in and out, have you turn your pockets out, etc. each time you go in and out of the testing room.Parking is easy and the site was relatively easy to find. The suite is on the back side of the lot, closer to Martin St than Wagon Trail. There isn't a big overhead sign, just the door sign, but the suite numbers are clearly marked. The center is small, with about 25 seats total. The waiting room is really small - the seats are close enough together that two tall people would probably bump knees if they sat facing each other. There is only one bathroom, so if someone drops a deuce (or if you need to), you're SOL (literally)! It was a little cold in the room (I get cold easily) - the thermostat said 74. In a t-shirt and leggings with a hoodie, I did find my ears and hands were still cold. Hope this helps. Good luck with your test!
4	The ladies/proctors were nice and I know they're just doing their jobs. But the process itself is irritating. You get checked in like a prisoner. Checking your legs, pants, pockets. Sign in sign out process could take long and may take several minutes off for your allotted testing time. No food, drinks allowed which I understand. (So don't come here hungry!) And don't even attempt to take off your sweater. They'll take it away from you. I also wish they'll check the bathroom more often. It ran out of toilet paper and with the number of test takers, the bathroom could get dirty fast. Overall, not very pleasant experience taking the several hour test, but I'm glad it's over. I agree with previous reviews: ample space for parking, convenient  location. Computers were kinda outdated. Noise reducing headphones were uncomfortable and I could still hear the noise from the computer fan and the clicking noise from the keyboards by other testers. Chairs are not exactly the most comfortable. I swear it made my hip pain worse. Should you have colds or allergic rhinitis, sorry for you, you're only allowed 2 sheets of facial tissues. Also,Place could get cold.  Overall, 3 1/2 stars for the testing site.
1	This place files reports on users without informing them, thereby negating your test. I just found out a report was filed on me implying that I cheated on a test, which is impossible since it was an  essay exam. No one told me I did anything wrong during my test (and the lady seemed so nice outwardly), so why was this filed?? No one knows. Now there will be a six week investigation during which time I have no scores to report, so I can't start school without those scores.. TESTERS BEWARE..don't go here.
