5	This place rocks!! I just moved from Cali and am thrilled to have found this place! I have a toy poodle who has had his share of bad grooming experiences, but not here. I am very picky about how I like him to look and they did exactly what I asked for! The women are sooo nice and really seem to love what they do. My dog was calm when I picked him up and seemed totally unstressed. He even got a blueberry facial! If you are looking for an awsome place with natural shampoos and conditioners go to Lulu's! The best part was it only cost $40. I usually pay more do have my poodle groomed so I was thrilled!
4	Lulu's ain't cheap, but unlike most of overpriced Vegas, it's worth the cost of admission.  I brought in my Australian Shepherd for a summer trim of his undercoat.  I wasn't expecting anything spectacular--just a trim to reduce shedding.  But they did an exceptional job.  I've taken the dog over to Petco before for a quick trim and they do an okay job.  I never even considered that there could be a better hair cut for a dog.  I just assumed that Lulu's would do the same job as Petco and I'd be supporting a local place.  But the dog looked amazing after the trim.  He panted less, was able to be outside longer and just looked better (not to mention that the hygienic trim makes sure nothing gets caught in the dog's fur when he goes to the bathroom).  Three months later, the dog is still shedding less and still looking more comfortable in the Vegas heat.Finally, the staff is great with pups.  I've taken a second dog over there--a problem dog who dislikes other dogs and can't stand having his nails trimmed.  Five minutes later, my problem dog and I were on the way out the door with trimmed nails and no drama.
5	Lulu's is a VERY good pet salon.  We take our two Bichons (Suz and Bailey) for grooming once a month.The groomers a re very talented.  The cuts just keep getting better and better.  The August grooming from last week was the best ever.I highly recommend Lulu's to any pet owner.
3	Lulu's is a nice little place in a strip mall not far from The District / Green Valley Ranch. In addition to grooming, they sell a variety of nice dog items - food, toys, sweaters, beds, collars, etc.I like the fact that when you walk in, you can actually fully see the grooming tables, etc. I also like that they don't lock the dogs up in cages. Instead, they are leashed and hooked up to the wall. So they are sorta free, but aren't running about.Their prices are middle-of-the-road as far as grooming goes.The staff are ok. Not as nice and knowledgeable as the staff at other places I've been. The grooming result was ok. Definitely well above what you get at Petsmart and the like. But below other specialty grooming places.So yeah, I'm going with it's "a-ok".
2	I've had a variety of dog grooming experiences with all my dogs and I was thoroughly disappointed with Lulu's.My yorkie/poodle mixed pup was left with family for four weeks. In that four weeks they never took his sweater off! I was mildly mortified to say the least. When we got home to Vegas I already knew he needed to be shaved and bathed stat! I mean the lil guy was rubbing up on everything from all the knots. He'd been shaved before at his regular salon but Lulu's is significantly closer to where I live and had an appointment available the day I returned home with him. I knew what to expect, it would be more expensive and take a bit longer. When I arrived, Helios was not shaved but his hair cut short. I was still charged for the shave (which was more expensive then my regular salon) He still had several obvious knots. He had been there for six hours! To top it all off he had bows in his hair. A rather insignificant detail but with everything else made a difference. Was anyone even paying attention to him or what he was suppose to be having done? It's not that difficult to see he's a boy and it shouldn't be hard to look at what his services were suppose to be. I will say their selection of doggie items and accessories is cute but...I don't think it's that hard to find items elsewhere. I was really disappointed, I thought Lulu's could be my new regular salon since it's so much closer to home.I'll be sticking with Sniffany's. It's much further away but Helios gets excited and the doggie cookie bar is his favorite. They finish him up well and in a timely manner. Their prices are not cheap either but at least they make it a good experience for everyone involved.
5	I've been taking my dog to Lulu's for about 2 years and I highly recommend this doggy salon! The groomers always do a great job on my poodle mix!FYI: There is a also a little boutique within the salon with gourmet treats and pet accesories.
4	Lulu's does a great job with our little Terripoo! She has such a fine coat and has come back from other groomers nearly hairless. Lulu's staff always listens to our grooming requests, which is so essential! Their shop is very clean and I love that the groomed pups are allowed to sit in bed on their leash instead of being kenneled. They also have a cute little boutique area in the front of their shop.I've found their prices to be fair to standard. I've actually paid more at other non-specialty groomers for the same (in some cases less) services!Lulu's can get pretty booked, especially during the weekend, but the girls there are friendly and always to do their best to get you in. I recommend booking a week in advance if you really need a certain day and/or time of day.
1	We have taken our yorkie mix for about a year and a half.  We have had enough good experiences to outweigh the bad.  Unfortunately, today was the last straw.Problem #1 how many times do I have to tell these idiots that my dog is a girl?  They give her a masculine haircut and a boy doggie bandana.  I don't  enjoy that our little girl comes home looking like the dog equivalent to Jo from The Facts of Life.#2 I don't care how busy you are you should know that I was the one who dropped off the dog.  (trust me I don't just fade into the background) today a gentleman walked in before me and the first thing the receptionist asks the guy...was he there to pick up MY DOG! I had dropped her off less than 3 hours prior. Thats just poor customer service.We are done with these people.  If they are going to charge what works out to be $3 per pound of our dog, she better look hot...not a hot mess!
5	My Shih Tzu Franz insists that I take him to Lulu's.  They treat him very well, do an awesome job every time, and give him a nice seasonal bandana that he struts around proudly after I pick him up. Franz demands five-star treatment and at Lulu's he receives it.
5	I take my two Lhasa Apsos to Lulu's. They do an amazing job. One of my dogs is very feisty but they are so good with her.
5	Such a great place !  You must take your dogs here. They are friendly, professional and do a wonderful job with the dogs. We travel all the way from Southern Highlands to go here. They are not the cheapest...we generally have a $115 ($95+tip)bill for our two shih tzu's , but it is so well worth it. They do it all and make the dogs look and feel great and smell awesome!
4	This was my first time taking my dog to be groomed. They were quite busy and held on to him for nearly 5 hours, not sure what's typical but I was nervous for him to be there for so long because I know his last grooming experience was miserable and he gets anxious in strange situations. He was matted in places and needed a shave but when I got him back he looked better than ever, no burns, brilliant white with notably black paw pads, clean, soft, and cheerful even. The cut was beautifully even as well, convincing me that this was a far better choice than resorting to craigslist.The women in the salon were very nice and friendly to both my dog and I, they offered him a treat both when I came in and left. And the price was very reasonable for the beautiful dog I got back. The inside of this store is also nice and professional looking, the atmosphere immediately made me feel comfortable leaving a beloved family member there.My only problem, and a small one at that, was my dog looked too "poodle" when I got him back when I double checked that he would not get a "poodle cut." Most notably, it's the annoying big poof of doggy-afro people leave on the dome of the head that makes him look like a fool, a total grandma. Nothing un-fixable though, trimmed it off and will note it next time I bring him in. I'm glad he's got a place where he now knows he'll be pampered and cared for.
5	may be expensive but worth it.
5	Our pooches look adorable! I am so pleased with the way both my dogs look and also how they were treated! Hunny is my 13 yr old Italian Greyhound, and Twinkle is my 1 yr old toy poo mix. Both dogs were so happy and not stressed at all when I picked them up. The ladies that work here were so nice and attentive. I was taking my dogs elsewhere and tried LuLu's for a change, as long as the service remains this stellar, we will be coming here excusively from here on out!
5	They did a great job twice with our American Eskimo (Slinky) and now that we have another (Clokie), I'm looking forward to their appointment tomorrow.  Most importantly to me is that I feel comfortable with their environment and staff, as entrusting our beloved pack members to someone else does not come easy.
5	I have been taking my Pug Bruno, Shar-Pei Ralphie also know as "The Jerk" and now gone to the rainbow bridge American Bulldog KC-Goon to Lulu's since they opened for business. Bruno is easy and loves to go to see his friends at Lulu's for his shave, and bath. Ever since I have been shaving my Pug Bruno, he barely sheds, and people comment when they see him that he looks slimmer when he gets a haircut! If only it were that easy for us humans....haha! Now for my Shar-Pei, it takes a very special place that can handle my Shar-Pei who hates water, and is known to snap at people, including me, but somehow, Olga at Lulu's gets the work done and I am truly grateful for her! She is the Shar-Pei whisperer as far as I am concerned. They have many adorable items for purchase in this store, collars, beds, treats, etc. and the entire staff here is very friendly, and treat your pets like kings and queens for the day!
5	Lulu's is the only place I will take my dogs! If they could talk, I'm sure they would tell you that their blueberry banana facials are just FAB and that they come out of there lookin like a million bucks! Joni and her team are absolutely amazing and make it worth the schlep to their spaw! 2 thumbs and 8 paws up!!!
5	I'm going on living three years in this city and wish I would've found this place sooner! Glad I found it now. I went in to take my maltipoo to get her nails clipped and had to wait not even 10 minutes. I'm glad I did because they have a cute little shop with unique stuff. I ended buying my dog an outfit lol. The service was great.  Very impressed. I'll be taking Marley back.
5	Staff was great!! Friendly and nice! My 4lb Lola is a total diva! Very skittish and not the least bit friendly but they loved her like their own! We made an appointment for next month :)
1	Do not take your pets here they hire dog killers a groomer by the name of tabatha Erickson ( tabby ) used to work for sloppy kisses and left a yorkie on the grooming table and went to 711 to get cigarettes the yorkie jumped off and hung himself she has been jumping from shop to shop ask around she's well known call sloppy kisses and las vegas pet spa she's been fired at every shop she goes to and was fired from pets mart for stealing! She needs to step away from grooming she's a dog killer! Had no remorse for what she had done!
4	Lulu's loves my Babies... They are always so Happy to go for there monthly haircuts. I love the owner ... and the way they treat my Babies .... I would highly recommend ... them ...
5	Lulu's awesome. Both of my dogs LOVE to go there and get pampered. Prices are reasonable, merchandise is super cute, and the groomers and staff do an excellent job and are super friendly. This should be your go-to doggy salon!! :)
4	I love this place! My dogs always come back looking so cute. It's always busy there so be sure to make an appointment about a week in advance. I brought one of my dogs to get groomed a few weeks after surgery and let them know and they were extra gentle and listened to direction really well. We've been here many times, I don't think you'll be disappointed :)
1	I have a shih tzu / poodle mix and have been getting him groomed here for a few years.  I don't know if they changed employees or what but the last 2 times he has been nicked bad enough to bleed.  This last time he received a rather large cut / tear to the skin on the inside of his front leg.  I understand small nicks happen because dogs are jumpy but there is no way the groomer could not have known that he had been injured.  To make it worse no one even said anything when I picked him up.  This is unacceptable and we will not return.  On a positive note, I think his injury is healing properly and he should be fine.
5	It doesn't just take skills to be a good groomer. This place not only does a great job, they also care and love all dogs. They're simply fantastic and the owner is so nice and so sweet :) Highly recommend it!
5	Our first experience at Lulu's promises to be the first of many. Although I made a mistake on the time and came an hour and a half late, they accepted my two dogs for grooming with a smile and obvious affection for them. I explained that my Papillon especially may yelp and cry when separated from her sibling. That was not the case.  When I arrived later in the afternoon to pick them up, both dogs were beautifully groomed and content - definitely not the nervous Nellies I usually am greeted by. Thanks, Lulu's for your gentle, caring ways. Glad we've found such professional, loving groomers! See you soon. Lori F.
