4	The food was really good here but they're PRETTY expensive I think a 12 inch was like $13 and a 16 inch is like 17 dollars. We order tropical pizza and BBQ chicken pizza and they were GOOOD. So expensive but food was good but I still don't think it should be worth that much. But they must make a lot of money because it's right smack in the casino and the only fast place next to dunkin donuts? Oh we also got chicken wings which were RIP OFF and breadsticks RIPOFF but they were good. breadstick with sauce is $3.50 and chicken wings are like 8 bucks WOAH.
1	$12 for a calzone that tasted like a giant hotpocket. Only came here cuz it was late and we had no other choice. Unless you have kids and they're clamoring for pizza, do find some alternative means of nourishment
4	On Wednesday, when the kids and I woke up, we went to the pool to hang out. Lil Man went swimming while my Lil Sister and hung around the pool. After two hours of hanging out, we decided to go get something to eat. We decided to try the Pizzeria. We ordered the 16 inch Tropical a-Delite Pizza that had ham, bacon, canadian bacon, sausage, pineapple, green onions, green peppers, and a few other ingredients that I can not remember. We ate all but the last two pieces of pizza because we were stuffed. The pizza itself was good, but we did not care for the crust because it was a pan crust. WE LOVE STUFF CRUST. Overall the pizza was good, the atmosphere was good and the waitress, well what can I say, was good to us. We had the same waitress from the Mexitalia  X-press. It was busy, crowded, but the atmosphere was peaceful.
4	We ordered a personal pan cheese pizza for my 3 yr old. He loved it and ate the whole pizza. He is a very picky eater and would spit food if he didn't like the food. I also tasted a piece of the pizza and it was really good. The service was not too fast or not too slow.
3	Theres nothing like fresh pizza!!! My bf took me here a few times, I like the topping options and the pizza always comes out soo good. Also love the fun atmosphere, it makes me feel so young and happy eating here. The only thing is that it's pretty pricey - those toppings add up!
4	MMMMM... I just had another mouth orgasm today... We ate at the Pizzeria Circus Circus for dinner and they did not disappoint! Simple, 16' pepperoni fresh baked and piping hot! Plenty of cheese and topping. The crust was light and flaky. Delicious! Will definitely do a repeat the next time we stop by Circus Circus. All you can drink fountain soda and iced tea. Love that!
1	This place is uber crowded. No customer service is being offered by anyone. Not the cashier not the waiters and the tables are nasty and needs to be bused. I just wanted my calzone so I could leave by it them took about a half an hour to get t to me. A fellow customer was bitchin sayin "all I wanted were some hot waaaaang." she kept on saying it over and over. She finally talked to one of the staff to see if her order was up. As he walked away she yells across the room and says, " don't forget my ranch dressing and my BLUE CHEESE DIP." I was thoroughly entertained until I had to wait another ten mins to get my food. The calzone was decent but not at all worth the wait. I remember going to circus circus when i was younger but I don't remember it being this ghetto. I guess it's true what they say, ignorance is bliss.
1	I'm going to TRY to limit my review to this "restaurant" and avoid going into a rant about the casino it's located in based on the fact that it's inside the stain upon society known as Circus Circus. Again, I'll try. No promises.So, I had never been inside Circus Circus and really only went because my boyfriend and I both had never been and felt like we needed to go just because we live here and make fun of it all the time and yeah...Basically, Circus Circus was just as gross as we thought it would be and long story short, we were hungry and decided to just get something inside the casino. We picked this pizza place since it was midnight and it was one of the few restaurants still opened. The staff at the order counter were nice enough but the food was extremely overpriced. I ordered a 6 inch personal cheese pizza and my boyfriend got a meatball sandwich. We also both got drink cups. The total was over $22.00. Uhmmmm... it's a personal pizza, a sandwich, and two fountain drinks AND inside Circus Circus... where do they get off charging this much? I thought this casino was where all the broke ass families on a budget go. How can they charge this much and get business based on the clientele inside this dump?Nevermind the prices, it's Vegas, it's nothing new. HOWEVER, this food was beyond nasty tasting. It wasn't just like "Oh, this tastes kinda fake but secretly I kinda like it (i.e. Dominos pizza)." It literally tasted like how melted plastic smells. I forced down half of it just because it was so overpriced but after I saw that my boyfriend wasn't eating his sandwich for the same reasons, we just admitted that our food was gross as fuck and decided to go.I don't really give a crap about service because we weren't having to pay a waitress or anything since it was order-at-the-counter style. However, the people running the dining room area basically pushed us out of the place because it was close to closing time. They shut down the soda machine like 30 minutes early and as we were finishing up, a lady came over and was like, "Do you want a box for that stuff?" We declined and she assumed we meant we were going to finish eating it so she said, "Well you need to get one cause we're closing so you can't stay here." It was just rude but we were on our way out so I didn't really care. Nonetheless, don't push customers out of the place cause you want to go home RIGHT at closing time.Overall, this place is a ripoff and really nasty tasting. I don't know what all the other reviewers are talking about when they say this place is amazing. I'm not a picky eater when it comes to fast food like hamburgers and pizza - I understand it's not going to be phenomenal but this place was just awful. The food tasted like the ingredients had expired. Congrats Circus Circus, you fulfilled all my expectations.
3	It was pretty dead when we were there but the pizza was not to bad and cheap eats. The decoration was so nasty tho.
4	My friends and I didn't want to eat at the Westside Deli two days in a row so came here. We ordered the 12' "Tropical Pair A Dice" which is basically like a Hawaiian pizza but with bell peppers and pepperoni.The 12" was enough to feed 7 people, about two slices each. It was pretty pricey, but totally worth it. The pizza had gooey cheese and had lots of toppings. The crust is also crispy and light. Pile on the parm and pepper flakes!The wait wasn't that long and the portions are larger than the display next to the cashier.
4	They deliver to your room! Need I say more? $15 for a 12in pepperoni pizza made it to my room in 15 minutes! Pizza was pretty good...my son was happy and that made me happy. Can't rate on their restaurant service but if you stay at the Circus Circus Casino and decide to take an in room break from it all, order a pizza. You'll be glad you did.
1	I recommend avoiding the circus circus pizzeria. There is a reason why one has to pay up front. It is to avoid any other interaction with staff after receiving a sub par product. The location is high volume. I don't mind waiting, but was very disappointed. The pizza was flavorless with low quality ingredients. The truly frustrating facts was that the pizza was not   Cut all the way into slices. The cut was only partially visible in the cheese and did not penetrate to the crust.  There was no one available to resolve the situation. A major let down considering we payed 40 dollars for two medium pizzas. Another annoying aspect were the trick tea urns. They are designed to look like fresh brewed ice tea, but the spew syrup from a box. If you are looking for descent pizza on the strip, try the pizza by the slice at treasure island.
4	got a plain cheese pizza. tasted great! exactly what I like in a pizza. would have given 5 stars if their sodas/juices werent incredibly over priced. also, they charge you a dollar for take out. i don't really get that. i would eat there again.
3	My boyfriend and I stopped by right before Frightdome 2012.The decor is REALLY cheezy but kind of fits in with the circus circus decor. I got medium buffalo wings and my boyfriend got the sausage pepper sandwich.my boyfriend said the sandwich was really good. as for me, I found the wings ot be A OK. they were freshly cooked, they were cooked all the way though and really moist, but the 'medium' tasted like 'mild' and didn't impress me. Service was fast and good, but I was hoping to see a smile on the waitresses faces. I figured it was because it was a Saturday during Frightdome; It gets crazy during the month of October.
5	This is my favorite pizza place in Vegas. I've probably ate here about 10-15 times in the last 7 years. I just love how cheesy it is and hot crispy the crust is. If you are around Circus Circus you have to try the pizza. Price is good and size is good. They fill it up with toppings. Service is good also.
4	They just redid the interior of this area, it looks better.  For a big casino on the Strip, their pizza is pretty good.  It tastes like someone made it from scratch.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it is pretty expensive, but not like the pizza at the Luxor or anything!  It's just a bit pricey.  You order and then sit and they bring the pizza to your table.  You fill and refill your own drinks, which is a good deal.  My husband and I love the BBQ chicken pizza.  We have to stop here every time we're in town!
5	Best Boston-style pizza I've had on the west coast.  Perfect crust,  just the right amount of tangy sauce and olive oil.  Can't stand Circus Circus, but I'll suck it up and enter, then make a bee-line for this eatery if I'm in the mood for the best pizza on the Strip.  Just another reason LV topped TripAdvisor's pizza city list, I guess.
5	My review is only for the pizza, since that's the only thing we ate there. Of course, pizza is so subjective; everybody has different expectations. But for me, it was THE BEST PIZZA OF MY LIFE. Seriously, I was moaning with delight. Perfect sauce. Lots of cheese. Awesome crust. I could have easily eaten the whole thing myself. In fact, my mouth is watering just thinking about it.
4	Not bad at all. Me and some friends got the meat lovers type pizza. It was pretty damn good and completely caught me by surprise. Try the pizza with a mikes hard lemonade.....damn good combo. Friendly and quick service. This pizza will fill you up though. 3 of us got taken to our limits on 1 large size pizza. I will come back again.
4	The prices are really high but the pizza is really good we paid $14 for a 12" pepperoni which consisted of eight slices. We will definitely eat here instead of the buffet and enjoy a tastier meal for a lot cheaper.
2	Went here on Saturday because we heard the pizza was good. Pizza's alright. I've had better here in LA. My problem was with the service itself. The woman taking the orders couldn't take orders correctly, she was slow, and she kept disappearing to the back several times making the wait just to order even longer! Horrible! The wait time to get the food was almost an hour! what the fudge? why so long? the point here is that they need more than one overwhelmed filipina at the front taking orders and going crazy looking for lost orders. They need more pizza makers in the back as well to get those pizzas out fast. Oh yeah, we also ordered mild wings and the woman gave us spicy wings  (which I can eat, but friend's wife can't!).  Lame, expensive, and slow. Never again. The only nice people there were the elderly waitress, and the other young woman who made sure we got our wings on time.
3	Pizza was good. Nothing really high end for toppings quality but, I enjoyed my supreme style. Crust is crisp and a little thicker then a thin crust. Plenty of hard working staff. One minus...12" with a beer $22 was pricey but, its on the strip!
4	This pizza is amazing! We had the Midway Meat Medley, and this guy weighed a TON! Jam-packed full of meat, gooey, cheesy, scalding hot. If you're in the mood to be satisfied, give them a try. Very friendly delivery man. The medium pepperoni pizza wasn't as great as the specialty, hence the 4 instead of 5 stars. Still great.
3	The pizza was pretty good. I suggest getting it to go or room service. We decided to eat there and it was sooooo slow! Other people were getting there food before we got ours! We had to ask the waitress (once she gave us attention) twice to check on our order!  Next time it will be to go.
2	Long wait for small simple takeout order. Marinara sauce had lots of meat in it which is not good for vegetarians. Also forgot to include breadstick.
4	Good place to go if you just came from the dome. The pizza is pretty good it's just the 30 minute wait that isn't pleasing.
5	After a trip to the Adventuredome in Circus Circus, we were desperate to find a good place to eat. We saw this little pizzeria on our way in, so stopped in on our way out. Gets a bit crowded so I recommend snagging a table as soon as you get there. They will stop taking dine in orders if the dining room is full-take out only.Pizza is so delicious. Well-made and tasty. We ordered some bread sticks, pepperoni pizza along with a couple beers and enjoyed a nice dinner with the family. While we were waiting for our food, we were able to let our older kids wander to Circus Circus arcade area and check it out--it was nearby. Wait time was about 30 minutes but we were told about it when we ordered, so it was ok.They also offer wait staff, which is great. They bring out your food, bring you utensils/plates and bus your table throughout. I was very pleased with our experience here and highly recommend.
2	This is our first time coming here to this pizza place.the service is terrible from the cashier (sherylly) to the supervisor.. We waited to be seated more than 20mins there was no customer service here while we were trying to order this girl was interrupting us to have a conversation with one of her coworkers talking about Xmas ..really!!!100% rude they took along time to serve or anything...will not come here again..McDonald's has better services than this....they have great food I must say ...great flavor
5	The pizza was good, service was great.  There was an error with our order, but it was made right, and quickly.  Very happy with the experience.
1	If there's a zero, I would've given that. Sh*ttiest place ever. An 8 in veggie pizza took FOREVER to order. Never will I ever set foot on here again.
4	The lowdown is that it's Christmas, and I'm the biggest kid at heart in Circus Circus. Casino: Maybe. Adventuredome: Big YES!My review, however, is for Pizzeria, an Italian dining place right in the midst of the casino. I cannot be accurate when I say it is nondescript because it is next to the busy walkway and just across the slot machines, but it's there, present and lost among the hum of frenetic activity. Customers line up for their orders, and it is my assumption that they do so because they are stuck inside, but what they don't expect  (at least for me) is that they are up for a flavorful meal. I had tried the BBQ pizza, lasagna, chicken wings, and chef salad, and they are a bomb of goodness. One may argue that the appetite is more sharp after a losing battle with arcade games, but the food is good, PERIOD, even if I combine all the second-hand smoke that I inhaled and the excitement of watching the performers do their tireless acts for the kids whose hearts they won.
3	Pizza was just ok, the outer edges were barely cooked :). But we were so hungry, so we removed the crust from the edges and had the rest. Delivery to circus-circus room took a little over an hour, it was Christmas night though. But the chicken wings were delicious!! I'd give a 4.0 for that.
