3	What compels a girl to review a parking structure?  Because it needs to happen - that's why.Ok, there are actually 3 different parking structures  1-By McCormick & Schmit's, 2 - Vertically up and immediately behind the escalator to the movie theater (I think of this as the "Main" structure) and 3 - Sub-street parking accessible in the back, between the entrances to the two other.  Each of these connect differently, have different ways of getting in and out.  But if your friend has "had a few" and you want to drive him/her home the only way to know which one they are in is by the color of the tag, which only the folks who work there can tell which one is which.  And then there are the goofy level names.  Personally I think they are kinda fun and easy to remember because they are so wacky.  BUT you can't just remember you are in the orange level, because there is an orange level on both vertical parking structures.  You need to specifically remember that you are in Gila Monster or Javalina or Quail or whatever other appropriate desert animal is being represented.On the first level of the "main" parking structure they have so many compact spots - but I had a compact car for some time and could barely squeeze into one!  Those suckers are tight.  Of course, all it takes is one person parking poorly and the whole dang thing is thrown off.  And I've seen far too many cars who give up on the whole thing and just double park there.  I'd sympathize, if I hadn't been there before, but since I know that if you're just willing to go up a level the parking spaces suddenly get bigger - I have no sympathy.  So that's my personal tip.  Unless the place is empty and you have a small car - plan to go right up to the second level.  The last and most important thing to know when parking there is that the way you get back to your car may look like the way that you left from your car if you took the stairs.  Because of this, if you are easily lost I say TOTALLY stick to the elevators.  All you have to remember is one button and it will take you back to where you were.  While yes, the same set of stairs that go up can also go down, they have two different sets facing opposite ways.  Here's how that works: From 2nd level you take the stairs down starting where the elevator is in the center.  The base of that staircase is at a wall, where you have to circle around to get back to the shops.  Several hours later when you head back, you'll notice that there is a staircase facing you that takes you up to the 2nd floor.  But now you aren't where the elevator is, there is a door you have to open, and you're at a different angle. At which point some folks will say "But it didn't look like this" and think they have the wrong level and go back down confused. Here's the thing - sober, this isn't ever much of a problem.  But unless you just came for a movie and some popcorn, let's be honest.  Many of the spots here serve drinks.  And many folks take part.  This is not a good parking garage for folks who've had a few.  Though - I suppose it could be like some sort of challenge.  If you can't find your car, you shouldn't be driving home.  Some of my friends hadn't had a drink at all when they lost their car.  Not sure what the parking gods were trying on imply on that one.  One nice thing - if your friend does get lost or just doesn't want to walk to their car alone, they'll let you drive into one of the other parking structure for free as long as you're out of there in 10 minutes or less.  Not to shabby.
1	PLUG YOUR NOSE, IT STINKS LIKE SEWER AND A GAS LEAK.Also, people, have your window down and your validated ticket in your hand ready to hand off to the parking attendant-- this will make things move along A LOT QUICKER.  Another important point, if you forget to have your ticket validated.... they MAKE you either pay or go back in and get it validated.  One time it was 5 mins before the parking attendant was off and he MADE ME wait for him to close up so the arm would be up or go back and have my ticket validated.  I was steaming!!  I sat and waited.  I can be cheap sometimes, but it was principle at this point.
2	WTF is up with this parking structure?! Ok, so I am really good at navigating and directions and whatnot. This parking structure is like a maze! I entered in on the ground level and then went up two levels to P2. I thought I could just park, get in the elevator and go down the the ground level. WRONG! In order to go down to floor 1 you have to have a security badge, so I wind up going down the B1 by mistake. The only way to get to the shops and movie theater is to use the stairs on the far west end of the parking garage. So here I am walking through this dark dingy parking garage having flashbacks of the movie P2...thinking some guy is going to jump out and murder me. So, I make it all the way to the west end stair case and hike up 2 flights of stairs. Yeah, that's not bad...but it had just rained so it was humid as all hell. Not fun!
