3	Had dinner here on a Sunday night. It's a small restaurant in Town Square. The place wasn't busy at all so it took no time to get seated. Our waitress was very friendly and almost too attentive (stopping by every 5 minutes almost). Their menu is pretty limited and they specialize in coal fired pizza (who would have guessed). There are signs all over the restaurant that will let you know that your pizza will be "well done" -- meaning the bottom may look a little black and burnt but the top will be perfect.  And, that's exactly how it came out. The crust was thin and crunchy and the top was a little too greasy but that was from all the pepperoni. It tasted really good and the salad we had was also good -- nothing spectacular but still solid. The pizzas are more traditional than what you would find at places like CPK or Sammy's ("gourmet" pies) so it was a nice change of pace to get something old school like that without having to go to a crappy pizza place like pizza hut or domino's. There is no kid's menu, but that didn't really matter since we all shared one pizza. I was disappointed with the beers they had (didn't feel like drinking corona or heinekin) but their wine was surprisingly good (got the malbec). This place is definitely worth a visit and we'll probably be back.
3	went there on a wednesday night so it really wasn't that busy. Service was excellent and the food was good. I made the mistake of going to New York over the previous weekend but for Las Vegas pizza this is one of the best. A more diverse beer selection would be appreciated
3	If you want great coal fired pizza go to Grimaldis on Eastern. So maybe I'm biased because I was a fan of Grimaldis  but I went to Anthony's as a birthday event with a friend.  I was excited for it as I love the thin crispy crust of coal oven pizza. It is in Town Square which is ok but parking is a nightmare sometimes. The inside is nice and large. The wait staff is real nice.  They don't have fountain drinks? So you get a bottle at a time. That sucks. If I'm going to have to pay by the bottle then I'm going to drink beer. They only have a house salad or tomato and mozzarella, no ceasar. I'm a ceasar fan but I figured I'd enjoy the house if it's the only one it should be good right? Not really.  It was, maah ok at best and only ok because I got the Gorgonzola to top it with. The pizza toppings are about the same as Grimaldis as far as limitations but I don't mind as long as it's good. We got a meatball pizza, a white pizza, a tomato spinach pizza, and a pepperoni pizza. Yeah we tried a lot but it was a party.  The pizzas came out nice and hot but the crust is a bit more chewy and the mozz on the pizza didn't seem to be as fresh as I'd hoped for. So, I say if you're in Town square and want pizza (you must like thin crust) go to Anthonys over California Industrial Mass Produced Pizza Kitchen anytime but if you want great New York style coal fired thin crust check out Grimaldis.   Grimaldis crust is less chewy and their toppings seem to be of higher quality.
3	A little competition for Grimaldi's .  Not the best location within Town Square but ok by me.We started with  "coal roasted"  chicken wings with grilled onions and foccacia - unusual combination - i liked it, the gf didn't - "too many burnt parts "  i kinda like a nibble of  charred flesh .Ask about beer selection, the server goes down the list - not impressed, order a corona.  Later i hear another server going down the list and i hear moretti and peroni - that pissed me off cuz i like the 'ol moretti bottle (beer is ok to ) - that old guy sippin' on a big 'ol mug of beer - that's gonna be me someday !Anyways, gf gets a small specialty pizza - mozzarela, sliced tomato and basil - decent  but the tomatoes didn't wow me.  I went with the basic sausage - for $14 i think they could've spared a few more sausage crumbs , but overall, not bad.  With a California pizza kitchen in the Square, Anthony's having a limited menu and Lord only knws what they are paying in rent !  I wish them the best
5	Pizza was great I'm glad we ate here instead of California Pizza Kitchen. Price is reasonable. Service was excellent! It's right next to valet and the movie theatre.
2	Decided to check this place out tonight after Yard House sported an hour long wait. Can't say that I'd go back... not because it was bad, but because it was just okay. And really, I can get okay a lot of places for a whole lot less. Mike thoroughly enjoyed the multiple flat screen TVs broadcasting the football game. We split a small specialty pizza- 1/2 meatball & ricotta, 1/2 white. The pizza was sort of bland and their signature burnt crust really wasn't my bag, especially since I'm a crust girl. The menu is small and items seem a little pricey for what you're getting. I generally like to rate places on craveability and I can't say this is a place I'd ever crave. I think there are better places to go...
3	Pluses:  (1) The pizza was good with big slices. The crust was thin with a nice yummy crunch.  (2) Staff was very attentive and friendly.Minuses:  (1) The place is in an odd location within Town Square.  (2) This place offers beverages in bottles; beer and soda. My husband wanted an Arnold Palmer (Iced Tea and Lemonade) and was told if he wanted that, he would have to buy the Iced Tea and the Lemonade separately!  So weak!
4	Found this place on my way out of Vegas on a Tuesday afternoon.  Wanted a tasty but quick meal, and was quite satisfied here!  Quick and friendly service.  Started with an Anthony's Italian Lunch Salad, which in my opinion was big enough for two.  All ingredients tasted fresh and crisp, and were served with warm triangles of foccacia bread.  My BF and I shared a small pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni.  As they say, it's well-done...nice and crunchy, saucy and cheesy, and warm right out of the oven.  Definitely satisfied my pizza craving!  The only downside to the experience was that my BF had a mad craving for cheesecake and this place was out of it!  It's the only dessert they offer and they had none.  Aside from that, everything was yummy.  We wouldn't hesitate to go back there again next time we're in Vegas...but hopefully they'll have cheesecake!
3	Not the best pizza I've had, but pretty good. They cook them "well done" which translates to a slightly burnt crust. The meatball and ricotta pizza was definitely the best of the four pies we ordered. The place itself is nicely decorated with old photo posters and there are a good number of LCDs showing ESPN etc.
2	been wanting to try this place, to compare to grimaldis (my 2nd fav pie, behind settebello)got there at 12:30 on a tuesday for lunch and it was pretty empty, only 3 tables in the place, so there was no vibe at all, just staff standing around!  service was attentive and quick. no fresh brew iced tea!!! WTF!!!!we started with the baked chicken wings, and they were GREAT.  i wish there was some sauce with them but, they had great flavor from being roasted at high heat with lots of fresh herbs.we got the paul & jon young pizza (???)  had meatballs, sausage and sweet peppers with ricotta cheese.  it was not good. the toppings were mediochre, and the crust was bad. tasted like something you can buy from the grocery freezer case and bake at home. very disappointed by that pizza.i plan to go back, BUT  it will be for a salad and some more of those awesome chicken wings, sure as hell not the pizza!!!!45 bucks for 2 for lunch, tip included (got the large pie should of gotten small or none at all!!)
3	I'm taking the star ratings very literally on this one: Anthony's is A-OK (3) but I'm not quite sure "I'm a fan" (4). The thing is this:  I'm an East Coaster.  I know I'm never going to truly get East Coast pizza in Las Vegas, anywhere. That's just the way it is. Having said that, Anthony's is very close to some of the best pizza I've had here, and they get at least a B++ for effort, starting with the young-John-Turturro lookalike waiter. The menu is simple here--only 9 classic toppings. I think they could do slightly better on that count, though I can understand why they don't offer things like pineapple. The crust is charcoal charred but still soft.Paul & Young Ron, which is a meat and veg combo, needs a fork and knife...that would be the default choice here.I was impressed most by the caprese salad-tomatoes, mozerella, basil and (in their version) roasted peppers. The quality of ingredients was as good in this simple dish as some of the finest italian places on the Strip. That says a lot about their dedication here. They have Peroni and Moretti beer, what you should be drinking with pizza (if not one of the decent wines by the glass)"Turturro" tells me they get their biscotti from a relative's bakery in Brooklyn. I'm not a biscotti guy, so I don't try them, but I appreciate the effort.It's a bit hard to find in Town Square, but definitely one of the better dining options there in the price range.
3	I was struggling between a 3 & 4 star. It was ok. Nothing happened to make it bad or great. I guess I would go again if I happened to be in the area.
2	Not the best, probably won't go back and I go to town square all the time.  I do agree with the burnt crust comments, I have had coal fired pizza that was crispy but they didn't have to burn it to get it.  I don't really remember more about it because it really wasn't memorable.  Try Ciao Ciao, Grimaldi's, or settabello instead.
2	This past weekend was my first visit to Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza, and I hate to say it would be my last time as well.  But before you start slamming me for my two measly stars, allow me to break it down for you.First, the establishment is clean, comfortable, friendly, and rich with tasty old world nostalgia.  We had the same "Turturro-esq" waiter that E.C. G. had (lol!) who greeted us with a (somewhat) authentic east-side accent.  Service was prompt and not over-bearing at all.  One star.Now, it has always been my experience that whenever the word "pie" is used to describe a pizza, it was a dining pleasure.  This left me hopeful for a delectable dining experience here at Anthony's; my girl and I decided on sharing a meatball and ricotta pie.It took a bit to get out to the table, which is normal for most custom cooked pies from any reputable establishment.  However, when it came out to us and I took a bite, it didn't quite send my tastebuds into orgasmic excitement as I anticipated.  I expected the meatballs to be hearty and savory with spicy abundance to offset and complement the otherwise drab ricotta.  It must have been on vacation or off the clock on this evening.A friend ordered this dish called "Eggplant Marino", which was supposedly named after Dan Marino's favorite dish.  Now THAT dish was good and pleased my 'buds wonderfully.  So I highly suggest ordering this for your eggplant lovers out there!  Here's the second star.Overall, I left the restaurant somewhat disappointed that pie's were their specialty.  My feeling is that if you claim something in your establishment's name, it better damn well deliver the goods.  Perhaps they should change the name to "Anthony's Better Dish Is Eggplant Marino".Two stars is pushing it for me, but I'm in a nice mood today.  Thanks for reading!
4	Hands down, Anthony's has the best pizza in Las Vegas.  I had a terrible server early one night, but have found a few regulars on the wait staff that are always helpful.  Every time, management comes around to make sure everything is going well.  Only negative I can say about Anthony's that makes it not get that 5th star is that there is nothing on tap; all beers and sodas are bottled.  For a soda drinker this is a good deal, but the pizza far outweighs any negative feelings I have.
4	Ate here the other night for the first time and will not be the last. The pizza was awesome! It was not burnt; It's a coal fired oven! if you know anything about coal fired ovens, you'd now the difference. The service was great. The crust was thin but hearty and the Eggplant Marino was the best I've ever had. The eggplant was sliced so thin and tender. The menu is short, but the pizza was fabulous!
1	I ordered a cheese pizza and  it was horrible! How do you screw up a cheese pizza?I guess they know how?Burnt pizza with no flavor is not my thing.If I wanted to eat charcoal I would've ate a bag of Kingston briquettes. I'm sticking to Grimaldi's!
4	Wings wings wings!  Who would think wings at a pizza joint!  It's a must try!!  And it's not battered and fried and topped with grilled onions!!!!   And the pizza was great too!  Sure, it's not true East Coast pizza.... but it was still good pizza!  The service was outstanding too... our waitress was so attentive.  The atmosphere was casual.  We were seated immediately!   The menu was simple, no frills, but it was just perfect.  You can get one of the specialty pizzas, or  make your own.  We did both!!!  I would definitely go back!
4	I've been here twice with my family.  Both times we've never left disappointed.  They cook the pizza exactly how we like it.....Well Done.  If you don't like well done pizza, then you shouldn't come here.Our favorite dishes are the Paul & Young Ron Pizza (Meatballs, Sausage, Hot Pepper, and Ricotta Cheese)....we also like to make our own.  For an appetizer we split the Fresh Mozzarella & Tomato Salad....which comes with marinated sweet peppers...we add a little oil/vinegar and it makes for a nice appetizer.Service - We've never had any issues with service in the 2 times we've visited the place.  Service was always prompt and courteous.Will we return?  Absolutely!
4	We never get the pizza here anymore...its just OK.  Its all about the WINGS!!  I had never had coal fired wings before but they are friggin delicious.  The rosemary, oil, the burnt ends, grilled onions, the juicyness of the wings altogether is magnificent.I'm really big on making sure there's nothing left on the bone and I love chewing on the cartilage with the hint of the coal/burnt taste.  Plus they put some flatbread underneath all the wings which soaks up a lot of the flavor and chicken juice.  Goes great with beer!  They should cook whole chickens here.
5	I lived in NYC for a few years, but never found pizza as good as this.  We loved Lombardi's there on Spring Street, but this topped it.  Was in Vegas with my family.  Needed a late dinner and wanted to get off the strip (also wanted to save a few bucks).  Ended up going towards the Town Center and thought this would be a good choice as we'd already been to the other chains there.  For the four of us we shared a salad.  Very fresh and great dressing.  The other three got pepperoni, olive and peppers on a large.  What a ton of pizza!  I (the weirdo vegan) got a small pizza without cheese with mushrooms and hot peppers.  Vegas isn't very veg friendly, so this was an absolute delight for me.  Very crispy crust, delicious sauce, and the peppers were so unique and delicious.  The fam loved their pizza, too.  We had plenty of leftovers and the bill was only $50 for the whole table...cost the same as our breakfast at the Mandalay Bay restaurant.  Highly recommended!  Service was fantastic, too.
4	Great place that seems to have folded overnight.Yo Dom,what's up with that?
4	Got a HUGE craving for the Eggplant Marino this weekend and was excited to scarf down some of the coal-fired wings.  Imagine my complete disappointment to find that they've closed.  Just like that.  Sad panda is sad. :(Rated 4 stars but now, what does it matter?
