4	Don't let the unassuming facade fool you - this is a good time bar.  Nestled behind various car maintenance facilities (a brake shop or somesuch), Noreen's doesn't look like much, but if you inject it with some friends and a few drinks you can change that in a jiffy.  (Did you know a jiffy is actually 1/100th of a second?  It's true!  Look it up!)It's your typical neighborhood bar with typical neighborhood bar prices.  (A couple of bucks for a beer, a buck or two more for well drinks.)  They've got ye olde internet jukebox so you can confuse the regulars with a rock block of New Kids on the Block or get them all a-boogieing' in their acid wash to some Journey.  They've got a few fairly well maintained pool tables.  But, most importantly and uniquely, they have air hockey.  Yes, you read right - air hockey.  Anyone who's anyone knows there's nothing like having a couple of beers and then risking your slightly numbed fingers to the fury of the thin flying disk that is the air hockey puck, propelled forward by another's slightly inebriated arm.  It's fun, it's competitive, it's slightly dangerous.  If a bar fight almost breaks out, the bartender is kind enough to get the offending party to take off and leave you and your non-trouble-making, kind-hearted friends to continue with your good-natured play.  (Your friends ARE kind hearted, non-trouble-makers, right?)  Basically, if you're down for something other than the typical billiards and shuffleboard, but you still just want a cozy place and a cheap beverage, Noreen's got your number.
5	Ok, I am totally biased because this is the family bar of one of my best friends from high school.  We grew up outside the bar waiting for the day when we could legally enter! The O'Conner family has owned this bar for as long as I can remember. Kari and Sean (the current brother and sister owners) are awesome, down to earth and straight up Pittsburgh toughs who somehow were born and raised in LV. (Father Timmy O'Conner was straight outta the 'burgh though!) Through thick and thin this LV, divey version of Cheers has been there for the LV natives to go down a few while shooting pool  and enjoying a cheap, fun time while Las Vegas went all Sunset strip and sh!t all around it.   Want a non pretentious, non frat, non beer bongy place to hang while in Vegas? Go to Noreen's. You can hear your friends talk, drink beer without getting hassled by drunken men or iffy women (or maybe that's your thing?) and generally have a good, chill time.
4	Here we go Steelers! Here we go! Here we go Steelers! Here we go!  Pittsburgh Steelers fan are you?  I am a huge Steeler fan, so when in Las Vegas for a conference last year, I had to find a Steelers bar to watch the game. I was given the place of Noreen's,  so my colleague and I headed over in a taxi from the strip, only about 10 or so min away to what was awaiting us of Steelers fans!  We pull up in the taxi and from the outside it looked small, but we were ready to have a good time and watch the game. We walk in the door wearing our Steeler jerseys and immediately get hellos and welcomes.  Noreen's had a family feel, everyone knew each other, and these people came every week to watch the Steelers play.  One thing about Steelers fans, is that no matter where you are from, as long as you are a fan, you are welcomed right away! Each week they offer a home cooked buffet where you pay a few dollars and eat all you want. In addition they do Steelers trivia to win memorabilia.  Even though my colleague and I did not win anything the owners of the bar gave us engraved Steelers glass mugs to take back with us to Orlando.  It was the sweetest gesture, and we really enjoyed all of the guests that night at the bar. We still even keep in touch with TC who is a regular visitors of Noreen's! We look forward to returning there in another month or so when in Las Vegas for a conference!
5	Hubby is a life long Steelers fan.  So when we moved to this side of town and saw Noreen's we definitely wanted to check it out.Finally went last night and we are kicking ourselves for not going there sooner.Everyone was so friendly!  It truly felt like Cheers... for Steelers fans.  They have a free raffle and free food, really reasonable drink prices, and you can watch the game from anywhere in the bar.If you are looking for a fun place to cheer on the Steelers, come to Noreen's.  The only thing I'd say is get there early because it is a small place and packed during the game.
5	$10 for a bucket of 5 domestics during Steeler games. So smokey but so fun. If you go there for a Steeler's game, I hope you run into a blonde that screams "you bitches!" at everyone in the crowd. She was so loud and obnoxious you had to love her.The people who run the bar are all down to earth and very cool. They host a great party for the games and even if you're not a Steeler's fan, you're bound to have a good time.
5	will definantly come back again to watch Steeler games when we are visiting Las Vegas. Everyone from the staff to locals treat everyone like family.  Lots of tv, when there isn't seats the staff bring out more seats to accomodate you.Beers are not much of a variety. 5 beers for 10 or $15 and $1 shots. Still enjoyed what they had to offer and lots of different pools, raffels etc to make the whole time you are there fun.Had a fabulous time even thought the Steelers lost.
4	Spent Saturday at Noreen's with my man, who hails from Pittsburgh. It was a first for us ... Neither of us had ever watched a Steelers game in a Steelers bar before. I know, I know ... At our age, how is that possible!?  LOL  But I digress.Noreen's has this whole sports bar thing mastered ...* Friendly staff* Comfy stools* More than 1 restroom* Good prices ($10 for a bucket of 5 beers, mix & match)* Good food ($5 meatball sub buffet during half time rocked!)* Awesome Steeler fan clientelWe had a blast watching the Steelers kick bird butt feathers (Ravens) all over the field in the 2nd half!  SO MUCH FUN!
5	This place is a dive. And I mean that in a good way. I happen to like dimly lit little bars and I happen to love the Steelers. This everything I want in a bar; inexpensive, unpretentious and black and gold through their veins. Scott and Kari, the owners have deep roots in Pittsburgh and they bring that attitude here. Many visitors from Pittsburgh tend to find their way here on Sunday to watch the games. During the games it can be standing room only but everyone has a good time. And when the Steelers make the play-offs ? Forget it ! The only place to watch the Steelers outside of Heinz Field is Noreen's. Oh yeah; the city of Pittsburgh has recognized Noreen's as an Official bar of Steeler Nation; you can see the proclamation on their website. Only three other places worldwide can say that. I guess all these things are why I have made it my choice for Steeler games for the past three seasons.
5	I found Noreen's on a recent trip to Vegas when some friends and I took the bus out to this neighborhood to go to The Gun Store. Even though we're from New England and most of my friends aren't big sports nuts, we all laughed when we saw the sign for Noreen's because everyone knows what a Steeler fanatic I am. I made a point to head back to Noreen's Sunday morning for the game against Tennessee. It was great to be surrounded by so much black-and-gold where the Steelers are on every screen. Normally the best I can do is a sports bar where every tv has a different game and a handful of Steeler fans are surrounded by Patriots fans. I've honestly not seen a place this dedicated to the Steelers outside of Western Pennsylvania. The crowd was super into the game, the bartender was really friendly, and the drinks were cheap. In retrospect maybe I shouldn't start drinking a bucket of Budweiser at 10 in the morning, but it's Vegas.One warning, they don't really have food here so you should eat before you come or maybe plan to make other arrangements.Should I ever be in Vegas on a football weekend again, I know where I'm going to go watch my Pittsburgh Steelers! Noreen's!
5	This is, really, the only place to be when the Steelers are playing. We get loud, we get rowdy, we have a great time. The people who work at Noreen's and the patrons like me all become instant friends, and we love this place.
5	Best place to watch a Steelers game. Everybody is warm and generous. Eric and Jordan are great bartenders.
2	Wanted to explore another dive bar, but I can tell when new customers are not wanted. Ordered a shot and a beer... I get bushmills on the reg and here it tasted more like gasoline then anything else.  When I inquired with the bartender what was up with the taste he proceeded to tell me that that was "the last of the bottle" with the smirkiest smile on his cheesy face. " it is not watered down." We didn't drink them and he didn't offer to exchange it for something else. Dissatisfied customer. I am sure that at this point there is no other bar I can think of that I would rather not go to..... On to the dispensary for jazz!
5	Stopped in for just one beer and wound up staying two hours. Why? The bartender Eric was one the most friendly in Vegas. If you feel unwelcome here, it's gotta be you puttjng forth a pissy vibe. Eric is a big-time sports fan and movie buff. Also a great Vegas storyteller since he's been here since 1992. Looks like a great place to watch Steeler games. Another hidden gem on the east side. Don't judge LV joints by their appearance or neighborhood.
5	Jordan the bar tender accidentally   threw my beer out.  She replaced it no questions asked.  You Rock Jordan. Woot   !! Steeler Bar too boot.  1/2 time meatballs subs for 5 bucks.  Alwayz money !!
5	There's really nothing fancy about Noreen's. I happened here because it was hailed as a true Steelers bar and it indeed was.My sister got me into football a few years back. I am a tried and true girly-girl. When my sister had a Sunday off, we decided to watch the game together. We got up early and were sad when Island Grill didn't work out, finding ourselves on the East side, we headed to Noreen's we knew we were home by huge THE BURGH sign up front and the parking the back said, "STEELERS PARKING!" When we walked in there was a sea of black and gold and EVERY TV had the Steelers game playing. There was a huge sense of comradery and it was as close to being at a real game as I have felt since being at an actual game.There is a $40 Burgh club - membership entails: a T-shirt, coozy, bumper sticker, 1 bucket of beer or 2 cocktails (at every game and flows over to halftime), and free halftime food. Since the season is almost over, my sister and I didn't sign up. Next season, game on. The buy in for the halftime buffet was $5 and our bucket of beer was $10. Such a steal.Noreen's is a total dive with a family and friendly atmosphere. I definitely know where I will be catching games from now on. Can't wait to go back next Sunday! Here we go, Steelers, here we go!
5	This is the best place in Vegas to watch the Steelers play. A true dive bar with a great staff & reasonable prices. Don't waste your time & money someplace else, this is a little slice of Pittsburgh heaven.
4	Have I mentioned that I love dive bars? This is a great dive bar. Small, but not overly sticky and dirty. Friendly bartenders and patrons. Standard beer selection. And there's pool and other things too. It's dark and just slightly sleazy. This definitely a good place to kill time, lose some money, and enjoy some cold beers.
4	Popped in for a few drinks the other night and was really happy we did. The bartender, Eric, was very friendly and made us feel very welcome.Small, locals type, kind of a dive bar and a die hard Steelers bar! We'll definitely be returning in the future.
4	The steelers atmosphere is through the roof! Happy I'm here for the first game of the season!!! This Bloody Mary isn't hurting either! ;) #steelernation
