5	This is a new wine, beer, and spirits store in the valley, though they have over fifty stores throughout the nation!  The wines are categorized by region, type, and in price.  The store even has a section where the store rep's have selected the highest rated wines for your consideration.  Each wine is well represented with a label in front of them explaining the type of wine, character and quality of the wine you are viewing.  When there is a rating given on the label, who rated the wine is also given..ie: Wine Enthusiast, Parker, etc.,,,  There are wine tastings for which you should call to get the details as to when.  This store also sells hard liquor, cigars, and beer of incredible variety!  It should not disappoint!  I was impressed with the selections of everything they carried.  It is like a Costco of booze!---lol    Pricings on wines range from inexpensive to "Where's your checkbook?!"  I saw a bottle of KRUG Champagne for $998.00 yet there were champagnes for as little as $7.00....bring your aspirin!  All in all, this place rocks!------AAA+++!!!----Salute!  and  Cheers!
5	I think I have been to Glendale 4 times since I moved to Arizona 11 years ago,  but that number is about to go up drastically thanks to Total Wine.  I love Tops Liquor, I love Sun Devil Liquors, and I love Star Liquor and Convenience.  I love supporting my local businesses and I love to cheer for the underdog, but in this case I am admitting that this store has turned me into a complete and TOTAL (pun intended) sell out.  I am a bit of a beer and wine nerd and my fiance is a bit of a Scotch freak.  We have done all of the ooohing and aaahing at Bevmo! already and I am pretty much over it.   Last night I was perusing Yelp when I saw a review for Total Wine and immediately googled them and got very excited about their catalog and prices.  Tonight we took the long drive to Glendale and it was so incredibly worth it.  The prices were great, the selection was ridiculous and everything was very well organized.The wines are conveniently arranged by region and variety.  They have information cards for almost every wine, free buying guides, employee picks and critics reviews to help you make your selection.  The beer and liquor prices are great as well and as much as I didn't want to fall in love with a chain store, I did.  I won't stop going to Tops or Star, and I won't be getting WEST SIDE tattooed across my stomach anytime soon, but I will be venturing out to Total Wine as often as I can.
4	My mother was the one who told me about Total Wine & More. I was bragging to her about my recent BevMo purchase, and she quickly set me straight.When I first arrived at Total Wine, I thought it totally looked like Trader Joes. Inside, the place was HOPPING - people were everywhere, and there was every kind of wine and liquor imaginable there. It was awesome.There was a tasting center at the back that I didn't take part in, though it looked like when you tasted something you got a coupon or something to purchase that wine at a discount. I was surprised to see such a range of wines - $100 and then a couple of bottles over, $4.99. I really like the way the store is laid out, and I want to go back soon when I really have the time to peruse the entire store more thoughtfully. I was on a mission during this visit: Find Effen vodka. I was introduced to Effen by my friend whose boyfriend is a distributor for Effen. At Safeway it's locked behind a glass case, and they make me feel like a criminal when I ask for it. Actually, they make me feel like I'm a 12 year old criminal. The checkout person actually has a look of glee when I walk up with the bottle, like he/she is poised and ready to say, "gotcha!" when they assume I can't produce ID ... which I always can. Holy cow, I'll be 30 in June. Anyway, back to Total Wine.I was standing in front of the INSANELY LARGE selection of vodka, spied Effen, noted the FABULOUS price ($22 a bottle vs Safeway's $34 a bottle), and then one of the clerks breezed past me and said, "Try the Raspberry. You won't be sorry." I had previously had the Black Cherry (in addition to the regular plain one), but oooh, Raspberry?? And it had a hint of vanilla. Plus, the silvery packaging had me sold. I grabbed a bottle of the plain and a bottle of the Raspberry plus some tonic and soda and hit the checkout. This is where things got a little funky.The woman in front of me had a few coupons with her from their grand opening advertisement. Her total was over $100, but if she hit $150 she would get to use an even better coupon. She also had a taster's coupon from the tasting bar at the back of the store. Apparently, the checkout girl rang in the taster coupon incorrectly, so when the customer wanted to add 3 bottles of wine to hit the $150 mark, the computer system was having issues.The manager comes over, and, to be honest, the man needed, well ... a glass of wine! He was stressed to the MAX (it seemed), and he was close to berating his employee. He made the whole ordeal out to be such a DRAMA ... The customer in front of me having the issue (a lovely woman) checked out my goods and rifled through her paperwork until she came up with a coupon that I could use (an apology for the wait). FINALLY, they got her on her way, and then it's my turn. The manager is still at the helm, and he takes one look at me and (with a smirk) says, "I'm going to need to see some ID." I have it ready to go. I'm used to this. "Oh, wow!" he exclaims. "Yeah," I say. "It's kind of nice I guess that I'm nearing 30 and I can't seem to pass for 21. I'm not complaining though." He rings me up and I notice my bill is barely over $50 ... and that's with tax. My coupon is for $5 off a spirit purchase of $50 or more. He's not going to be able to accept the coupon.I ask anyway."No, I can't ..." he starts to say. Then maybe he realizes I was waiting in line for about 10 minutes (Really, 10 minutes. Do you know how long 10 minutes is? It's a really long time. Stand up and wait for 10 minutes. I'll bet you'll get bored and stop.). He decides to override the system and give me my $5 off coupon.On the drive home I call 3 friends to tell them about this place, so checkout ordeal or not, I'm thrilled to have visited and intend to return.Oh, and the Raspberry Effen is really good. :-)
4	Total Wine is definitely a beautiful, well stocked, well varied wine/liquor store. At first glance it blows BevMo! out of the water, but I am still a devoted patron of  BevMo! (see previous review). Why you ask?Well there are a few reasons...1. The place is BEYOND crowded on the weekend with the #1 patron being over the age of 60.  Now, there's nothing wrong with that, it just sort of feels like I'm in an alternate universe seeing gramps stocking up on Grey Goose.  Maybe it's just me?2. No case discount.  We asked the manager if they offered a case discount and he said their prices are already every day low.  No problem, I get it.  But....BevMo!, right down the street, matches all of their prices AND offers the case discount. Check out both on a Saturday and choose for yourself.  Total Wine deserves a shout out for an excellent wine tasting area - and all for a penny!  You can even walk around with your wine and leave your glass at the door.  Now that's my idea of shopping!  I even saw tequila tastings throughout the store - also for a penny!  So, for that, I am bumping them up from a 3.5 to a 4.
5	For me, it doesnt get much better then this. Well organized and a staff that actually knows about wine. VERY well priced as well. My BFF and I were in there last night to start shopping for wine for her impending wedding (sounds doom like, eh?). We found so many bargains we walked out of there with 14 different bottles to taste including several that were under 2 bucks (look out Charles Shaw!).. I tried the cab last night.. not to shabby, fruity and not to complex.. very accessible for non red lovers.. anyhoo one of the sales guys was so helpful! He turned me on (yes he was cute) to a section that was dedicated to Portugal.. who knew? Great value here and no stupid discount card needed!!
5	I've died and gone to alkie heaven.I walked in & got giddy like an 8 year old at a Hannah Montana concert.  It's basically a grocery store for wine, beer & booze.  Unlike BevMo, my local fav, which is a couple aisles of wine & a decent beer selection, this is aisle after aisle after aisle of fermented grapey goodness (I think their selection of just French wines is bigger than all of BevMo's cumulative wine stock).  I found some great Spanish Riojas, a Greek Roditis, some great South American Malbecs, and a few more run-of-the-mill, yet still excellent, Zins & Shirazes (Shirii?  Shirazus?).   Their staff is knowledgeable and ever-present, so, just in case you miss their staff picks, you can track down someone to give you a pointer.  I think I ended up with 8 quality bottles for something like $90.  Their beer selection, sadly, isn't as huge as their wine selection, but it still includes all the favs for less than normal prices (Rogue Dead Guy was something like $7.50 for a 6 pack).  I was gonna check out the booze selection, but figured I'd save it for another trip before I passed out.
5	What I am about to write is totally cliche. And, you can totally call me on it. But, I totally don't care. So, here goes: Total Wine is TOTALLY awesome! There I said it. Yes, it sounds cheesy, but I swear, the minute you walk into Total Wine, you'll understand. If you enjoy World Market's wine section and revel in the plethora of booze at BevMo, then you will be doing ecstatic cartwheels when you enter Total Wine. It has aisles and aisles of alcohol. They even have signs letting you know what's on each aisle. Aisle 1: Merlot. Aisle 2: Cabernet. Aisle 3, 4, 5: Whiskey/Scotch/Bourbon. Yep, I do believe there were several aisles dedicated to J.D., J.B. and their friends across the pond. I was in awe of the selection, and because I know little about hard liquor, I was dumbfounded by the sheer quantity of brands and prices. But, it didn't take me long to read the little notes below each bottle and make a competent decision. And, I must say, I think I got a smoking deal on a great bottle of Scotch, thankyouverymuch! My next venture was through the aisles and aisles and even more aisles of wine. Holy lover of wines! Never in my life have I seen so many bottles. And, the prices ranged from nearly Boone's-Farm- cheap to let-me-take-out-a-second-mortgage pricey. I was in a bit of rush, so I didn't spend too much time looking at all the wines, but that just gives me a reason to come back. All in all, I feel pretty confident in saying Total Wine is a totally magical place. And not unlike Disneyland, it may just be the happiest place on Earth... well for me, at least.
3	Best selection of wine in the valley, and the spirits offerings aren't too bad either.  They have wal-mart pricing to try and drive the competition out of business, and I'm sure they're feeling the pain.While I love the selection overall, there are some weaknesses.  For beer and spirts, for example, they just have the most common top selling items and very little of the rare stuff.  For single malt Scotch, you're lucky if there's just a handful of independent bottlings on the shelf.  Virtually everything is distillery bottlings.With beer, there's none of the rare items like the Scandanavian beers, the special releases from Lost Abbey and others, and nobody knows about both of these two products.  There are a few employees who can chat to some extent but it's obvious they don't have the actual tasting experience to give you an informed opinion of their own selection.Checkout is notoriously slow and they go way overboard in asking for ID, even when you're multiple decades above 21 in age.
3	I am not really a wine or beer snob and only tend to drink hard liquor when I am sick. The first time I found myself here was right after they opened and things were a bit chaotic and lots of empty spaces on the shelves.  Last night I again found myself here looking for Mothership Wit and sure enough they had it.  Most of the normal places I shop only carry the best selling brew of any label. Of course I had to browse and picked up a SA Hefeweizer and a bottle of Cabernet from a Paso Robles winery.  It is a really cool store and now they carry MGD 30 packs, which they didn't at first, at less than a really deep sale price everyday so I have an excuse to go browse some more.  Fun but probably not a good thing for my pocketbook.  If I was really into wines and tastings and such I would most likely be a bit more excited and give it a 4 instead of a 3.  But most of the time for me it will be more of a place to save a few bucks on stuff I was going to buy elsewhere.
5	Total Wine and More is a liquor mecca. All kinds of obscurities and mainstays under one roof, it's beautiful. The best part is, the prices are great too. I can get a 750ml bottle of Johnny Walker Black label for $19 sometimes, that's about half as most other places.Twelve packs of beer (good stuff, like Dundee honey brew and Moosehead Lager) for ten bucks. Tequila, and I mean good tequila, for about $20 a bottle. Kegs, boxes of premixed martinis, oh, and wine. My wife and I bought all the wine for our wedding here, they even give you a discount if you buy by the case.I never walk out of there for less than $100, and that's only because I find so much good stuff. I always try to grab something new and interesting when I walk through the aisles. I am sometimes caught by sample stations giving our samples of wine or beer and it's so good (and priced well) that I typically grab some of that too.My latest discovery is TY-KU, an Asian spirit which tastes something like Sake, Melon liqueur, and Green Tea. It's only $20 for a large bottle and the bottle has a very pretty light in the bottom that illuminates the green deliciousness when it sits on your shelf. It's fantastic over ice.I've been going here for two years now and there are only TWO things EVER that I have asked for and was not there, hard root beer, and mexican bottled coca cola. That's it. And I've asked for some pretty obscure things...so that ain't bad at all. They have a really nice Cigar selection too if you're into that kind of thing.Anyway, enough of my rambling. If you're a drinker (drink responsibly) and take a trip over here, you'll be glad you did. Oh, but the sign on the front is misspelled. It should read "Total WIN"....zing.
4	A wine lovers dream. This place has aisles and aisles of wine and then almost as an afterthought, a couple aisles of liquor and beer. I have yet to browse the wine aisles but their liquor is definitely less  expensive than other liquor vendors. A super cool thing you can do here is make your own six pack of any six beers you want! They sell beers by the bottle so instead of taking home a six pack of a brand you may not like, just take a bottle to try.  They have a lot of the smaller brands... I can't wait to try some.
5	I'm not sure if it is a good thing that I moved very close to this Total Wine store.  There prices can't be beat, at least on the wine that I know of, but the more I save the more I seem to spend.  It just happens! I love their wine selection here and the enjoy the wine tasting offered here.  I know my wine and I know this is the place to go to get a decent bottle for a fitting price.I will be back time and time again!
5	My favorite place to buy wine ever!  The selection is wonderful, the prices are incredible, and the staff is confident and friendly. I've gone on a saturday for a wine tasting and was able to learn more than I had expected in just a short amount of time.  And I even bought a couple bottles that I would have otherwise ignored.  I'll admit, I did pick up a bit of a buzz from all the wine I got to taste, but who doesn't love that!  I was just there yesterday with an out of town co-worker, and he was also quite impressed.  One of my favorite parts of this store is the section that has the staff's picks.  If you do not know what you might like, or it's a winery you are just not too familiar with, they give you a heads up on some of the basics.  I've bought several bottles from that section alone!In addition to wine, they also sell other liquor, pretty much any kind you can imagine, and cigars as well.. I don't go there for these things.. cuz I'm a wino!  haha.
4	This place is huge and contain all the wines you can think of.  My husband and I actually went to look for imported beer and specialty sodas.  He found most of the imports he likes.  One of the employees actually split a bottle from 6 pack so my husband and do the create your own 6 pack deal.  Very friend and knowledge employees.  Small selection on the specialty sodas, but I know I was in a wine place.
4	Good clean modern place to pick up some wine or beer to go with the food or for a friend's party. The inside layout says wine store with wide aisle and logical category signage. Take-your-time kind of place as they got lots to choose from.  Plenty of parking; away from the mall.Their selection are deep and comes from many regions in the world. They got good wine at $18 price points or higher and in many selection. In case you need beverages or fruit punches, , they are there too. The folks working there are available to answer questions and help putting in your hand which type of wine goes with the food or occassion. The offering is spot on.
4	Not sure whether they sell Duff Beer or the ingredients for a Flaming Moe here, but if anybody does it would be Total Wine. There are so many different kinds of beer here, Homer would be in alcoholic bliss. If you want to stock up on different beers for a party, you will want to fill your shopping cart here because their prices and selection are absolutely the best around. They also have a great selection of wines (obviously) and liquors from around the world. There is also a nice selection of gifts suitable for host or wedding gifts. The staff is friendly and helpful with your selection. The only drawback to this huge store is that once your shopping cart is heavily laden with worldly libations, it becomes difficult to negotiate the aisles that are swarming with customers and stock-persons. There could also be a better walkway between the front parking spots to get your cart out to your car. Nobody on staff has ever offered to help me out, even though I am a tiny gal. Where is Duffman when you need him?
5	Total Wine is amazing. Fantastic selection and prices, helpful staff and a nice ambiance for such a big store. They hold wine tastings on the weekend and offer some good education on wines and wine pairings at said events. I have tried many good wines there, but I highly recommend the Albino Armani Valdadige Pinot Grigio.
4	Their name says it, they specialize in wine and they do so with great prices. Their beer selection is great too and consistently $2-$3 cheaper than BevMo. Yes, they are a chain but hey, we all like low prices and good selection.
5	Wine and liquor mecca! Hallelujah! This store has a much greater selection than Bevmo and even at cheaper prices. It's my one-stop place to shop for a big party or just when I'm itching for a good bottle of wine. The staff is very knowledgeable and always give me great recommendations. The hubby and I did all our shopping here for our open bar wedding reception. They give you a discount if you buy full cases (I think it was either 10 or 15% off per case).I LOVE that they offer a great selection of single bottles. If you like to try different brews but are skeptical about getting a whole 6-pack you have to check out their single bottles aisle. They have a great selection organized by country and you can even mix and match to create your very own six-pack. Booze heaven!
3	I had been to the Total Wine on Camelback and the staff there was great. Very friendly and knowledgeable. I remember when I was there we told the man helping us that we were looking for a Riesling. He suggested  one from Washington that he said was very good and then had us follow him to the imports section so he could show us a German Riesling that he said was even better. I bought both.And then drank them. Both.So this past Friday I went into this Total Wine in Glendale, AZ (near my house) looking for anything specifically from Washington State (to send to a friend who just moved to Seattle)I was with my niece and we walked up to the person at customer service. I told her I was looking for something from Washington. Something white, maybe a pinot. She said "Well, sir we don't just have a Washington section. That could be anything. *Pointing* they could be there, there, there or there. There all over, you'll just have to look."Excuse me?!?! She couldn't have said oh well the Pinot's are in aisle whatever, or oh I know a great bottle you can try, or even let me call someone else to help you.She was so rude that my 4yo niece (yes, I brought a 4 yo to a wine store) asked me why she was so mean to us.Why didn't I just walk out right then and there???Well, I am glad I didn't actually because luckily, not one but two men came to my rescue within just a few minutes.   They each pointed a bottle for me told me about that specific wine, and educated me on wines from Washington. They were both great. Super friendly, outgoing, and seemed to know everything about each bottle of wine in the store. I left with two bottles.I wish I had said something about the woman in customer service, but I didn't. What I wish for even more is that I got their names because those two men definitely deserve recognition. I was just so flustered and a bit shaken at that that I didn't ask.Kudos to them, but I hope Total Wine does themselves a favor and gets that monster at customer service out of that store!
4	Have always been going to BevMo for all my alcohol... but this place is way better... they have a much better collection.... and mostly have the same or lesser prices...If you like the experience of buying liquor, then this is your place....One advice... not the place for buying snacks like chips and dip... have a small and bad range...I wish they improved that
5	The first time I walked into this store I almost orgasmed. This place is the mecca of alcohol and cigars! Very well stocked, they carry almost everything Including some rare liquors and the staff there is soo helpful. The prices are amazing and you can pick and choose your own six pack, so if your feeling adventurous this is the place for you!
5	Best Liquor store ever!!! I wish we had these in Minnesota. I couldn't understand how they charge less for more and more for less... But I'm not going to lose sleep over it, i'm just going to buy more.
5	There are liquor stores, and there are liquor stores. This place has spoiled me for anywhere else. Huge collection of great wines and beers, helpful staff. I wish they'd open one nearby in CO. Next time we visit the in-laws, I may stop here first!
4	Great selection.  The staff was very helpful, especially for such and large and busy place.  Good prices.
4	Love the selection and employees always seem helpful!
5	It's like Disneyland for winos! Although I'm not much of a wine drinker, their selection is outstanding. But that goes for the beer and other liquors, too. The prices are great and are usually lower than most other places. They offer wine classes and wine tastings, but I've never partook in either. The staff is nice, friendly, and very helpful with suggestions and answers. My favorite indulgences I seem to only find here: Lindt Chocolate Bar with Almonds and Darrell Lea Soft Liquorice. :)
5	It's like the Costco of booze.  No better place on the planet for getting a wide array of booze at the best possible price.
5	Let me begin by saying that I don't want to sound pretentious but like everyone else's reviews I'm reading I find it REAL hard to give such a standout score to a chain.   Yet everytime I walk into this place (which is conveniently located a couple of blocks from my house) I feel like quoting Randall from Clerks.  You know the scene where he asks Dante if he can borrow his car keys so he can go to the video store and Dante says "you work in a video store"and he replies "yeah but I work in a shitty video store" and then they show him walking into the other video store with angelic music as if he is ascending into heaven ... that's the feeling I get when I walk into this place.  A major plus is it doesn't FEEL like a chain ... the aforementioned staff recommendations scattered throughout the store give it a cozy feel and make you forget its a chain.  Unlike other reviewers I disagree in that the staff is helpful and attentive ...To me however this is a plus as I'm allowed to peruse at my own pace and search on my own...yet the only time I asked for assistance (the 8 pack of guiness rack was empty) they promptly filled my request.  I'm more of a beer and irish whiskey guy as a rule and their choices here are varied and appropriately priced.  One of the only places I've found where you can grab a bottle of powers and I also find the locally brewed cave creek chile beer to be a surprising treat (think a non-shitty corona with a chile floating in the bottom instead of a lime floating on top).  This place has soooo much wine to choose from I've been experimenting again lately ... current faves are zen of zin zinfandel and renwood syrah  If you like booze, cigars and cheap prices this place can't be beat even if it is a chain.
4	one word ! SNOBAR!!!
5	First time I went there thought I was in heaven. It's like Costco but for beer, wine, and liquor. They have pretty anything you are looking for, even the hard to find limited items. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. You can taste test, buy kegs, and they even have wine and beer tasting events.
4	Tons of options for wine/beer/liquor and generally better prices than grocery stores and Bevmo. I shop here regularly but just wish they had a bit more knowledgeable people.
5	Seriously the best prices and selection for alcohol. I don't even care that the cashier recognizes me by my frequent visits.
5	No reason to spin a yarn. Unbeatable prices and selection. The only drawback is that the aisles can be a bit of a tight squeeze, but it's because of their huge inventory so it's forgivable.
4	Great selection of wines! Love when they have tastings!!
5	This is hands down the booze heaven. If you drink you have to come here, the prices are the best of anywhere. Forget Bevmo. The beer selection is amazing and they do mix packs! Be prepared to enter adhd mode. Staff is super friendly too.
5	I have to go a bit further out of my way to reach this Total Wine, but it's worth it every time.Bevmo says "Oh this summer beer isn't in season yet." Total Wine says "Of course, we even have it in the fridge." Bevmo makes you carry a stupid rewards card that gives you 5% off a purchase after spending $250. Total Wine doesn't believe in stupid crap like that, their prices are good up front. I really end up getting lost in the beer aisle, not knowing what to do. Saying I look like a kid in a candy store is an understatement, I'm like a kid who has discovered some cross between Disneyworld and Neverland. All my beverage snob dreams (er...my liver's worst nightmares) come true in Total Wine. Would recommend for liquor, too. If you can't find it here, what you're looking for probably sucks.
5	Bevwhat? Okay I'm not going to insult them. But Total Wine seems to just be better in every way.The selection is great. It does not matter if you want wine, beer, spirits, or other things (like cigars according to some friends).The prices are nearly always the best in town. And it is not uncommon to find an online coupon to make things even cheaper.Friday-Sunday they do free wine tastings and will offer discounts on any products in the tasting. On Saturday you can usually taste a few other products. In the past they've offered samples of tequila, rum, whiskey, or even introduced my wife to a brand of flavored vodkas that does not taste like alcoholic fake candy. The people conducting the tastings are always friendly, professional and friendly.There are numerous events featuring beer, wine and spirits. Some are free, others are not.The website, while not great, is competent and does allow you to play a pickup order. If you are like me and just want to be in and out (or don't want to be tempted to browse), place an order and it is usually ready within an hour. And the best part is I always get a new cardboard box. Drinks for friends and a free toy for the cat.
5	My wife and I joke that this is our new "$100 store" because we can't get out of there without spending less than $100...we typically go in there for a single bottle of wine or a margarita mix and we end up with a 12 pack of local beer and a some wine.They have wine tasting in the afternoons on Friday-Sunday.  Erika is usually pouring the wine on Sundays...she is VERY knowledgable and has gotten me onto some cabernet sauvignon....I used to strictly drink white wines.  She has no hesitation to smile and ask you if you want to "go down the line" trying all the wines.  Everyone in the store is very friendly and knowledgable, but on top of that - the prices are the best around and the selection is incredible.
1	WOW, the assistant manager (heavy set blonde female) seems to be farmed from Walmart or something. THE most rude woman ever. Employees had to apologize for her attitude.
5	The place to go for anything from moonshine to ridiculously expensive anything. The wine tastings and beer classes are a great touch, but the growler station did me in. So great! I have never had to wait for service, which had almost always been with a smile sans a literally twice (out of hundreds). I love this place.
1	I cam to Total Wine with my girlfriend, to buy some rum. I had my ID, and she didn't. I went to the register to pay for the rum, and they wanted to card both of us, though I was buying it for myself. Since only I had my ID, we couldn't buy the rum. If they don't want to serve customers, I have no reason to come here. Do not recommend.
2	They have an awesome selection of craft beer and local wine here. It's becoming harder and harder to return though. I'm treated like a criminal every time I come here. The last time I went, I wasn't greeted at all. I walked past 3 employees and none of them even acknowledged me. Which surprised me because they didn't seem very busy.  Then I continued on to the beer section where I walked past another employee that didn't ask if I needed help. As I'm trying to decide what to buy, one of the employees started to follow me and act like he was looking for something. He continued to do this until I made my selection. When I go to buy, and they do this every time I'm here, they won't even touch what you put on the conveyor belt until you produce your ID and they give you a once over JUST to be sure it's really yours. I've even had some of the cashier brats grille me and ask me how old I am while they're holding my ID. Great selection, non-existent customer service, but if you appear to be under the age of dirt, be prepared to be treated like you're about to do a beer run.
1	Dear reviewers reading,I had HORRIBLE UGLY service here. It was my first and last time coming here. Firstly they ONLY had one brand of Soju I been to other stores that sell more and more authentic. Secondly, THIS IS WHERE ALL THE UGLY HAPPENS, I first enter the building and no one greets us instead they greet all the elder people that are like 50+, but the rudeness does not stop there I get what I need a couple of spirits and then head for check out there were two ladies talking about something and there lines were open with the light on, they just stood there and talked, even another man went to another line since they were just carrying on there conversation but I walked up and they just glared at me and continued talking I walked up to the conveyor belt and asked if they were working? one of the ladies rolled her eyes and was waiting for me she didn't even say "hi or is that all?" she didn't even speak one word to me, she seemed upset looking that I broke up there conversation. So I asked her what do I do with my little hand basket I had and she finally spoke and told me "YOU have to put it away at the exit door" and just pointed sharply at the door. So I went to put it away and then she demanded to see my ID I gave her my ID and she wrote stuff down on a paper and called the manager up since I have an ID that isn't sideways but I am 21+ and I had no complaints I understand why the manager was called, he came up and checked it and that was all, THEN she continued with the sell and she ranged my items up AND THREW THEM IN THE BAG. She didn't lightly or gently placed my glass bottles in a bag but TOSSED AND THREW them like it didn't matter if they break and she continued to slouch and roll her eyes and just handed me my receipt and went back to talking to her friend.  No thank you or smile or anything she was just straight up rude. I'm never going back to this one maybe none since other places sell better products and are nicer.
4	We were Bev-Mo fans for a long time, but one trip to Total Wine cured us of that. In the end, Total Wine just has better prices. On almost.everything. They have a great selection and lots of variety. I always walk out with something interesting and I'm super picky and mostly drink hard ciders. The individual bottles of beer are a great way to try something unusual without committing to a whole 6 pack. The tastings on weekends are great- we've bought several well-priced bottles of wine after tasting them, and you get a coupon for a small discount if you buy a wine from their tasting. We've never taken any of the classes so I can't speak to those.This place is relatively easy to find as it is tucked in behind Arrowhead Mall. Customer service has always been helpful and available, and they are pretty consistent about carding people at checkout.
4	Hugh selection of everything you could want and great process too. This is my go to store and I look for a location where ever I am and need wine or anything else.
5	This is where I come for any of my liquor needs.  If I'm cooking a special dinner and need to pair it with that perfect hard to find wine I go here.  When my coworker was home sick for their home town I recommended this as the place to find that beer they wouldn't find anywhere else in phoenix.  Whenever I'm throwing a party for any theme, I'm guaranteed to find anything and everything I need here.They have gins, wines, champagne, beers, anything from all over the world, something for anyones taste no matter how picky you are.  They have something for any budget too from cheap to expensive it's all here.  The workers are pretty knowledgable and whenever I've been there and given someone the vaguest of information to help me find a wine I tasted out at a restaurant, they seem to know exactly what I'm talking about and help me track it down.  Every aisle is labeled so it makes it extremely easy to find things on your own too.The only down side is, if you buy plain soda they card you anyway.  I'm guessing that's a company thing but I thought it was awkward they wanted my cousin's and my ID when we purchased lavender soda pop.  No booze at all involved and had to whip out our ID proving we were both over 21.  And their bathrooms are kind of gross but in all the years I've been shopping there I've only ever used it twice.  But still it looks nasty and even if it was scrubbed clean it would still look gross.  I think it could use a makeover but that would never stop me from shopping there.  Homeless people could live in the bathrooms and I'd still shop here, you're not going to get better.
2	good store,good selection,bad customer services and be very careful what beer you buy check the date you have a chance to buy beer expired from last year
5	I absolutely LOVE total wine! I would come here before BevMo any day. Better selection, better prices, better everything! Their craft beer selection is fantastic.
4	So sad to go to my favorite total wine and more to see that they don't carry Everclear anymore because the owner decided It was immoral. Immoral? At a liquor store? That's like going to school and deciding that reading writing and arithmetic are no longer important.. That's ok, the associate sent us to BevMo where they must know they are going to hell for selling Everclear.
5	This is the only place we can find Canyon Oak wine - the reds are awesome and only about 5 bucks per bottle - try it, you won't believe it.
1	Know one knows anything in this place. Took them for ever to find me a beer I was looking for and got a "I don't think we have it" only to find it by the door on my way out.
