5	Just stumbled across Gaucho when down in the strip. Tried the Veggie Con Pan and was a huge fan of the wood grilled taste.  Lots of flavor and several vegetarian options.  Nice to have a new lunch option in the strip a short walk from the office.
5	The Strip District, Pittsburgh's home to most ethnic foods and fresh seafood, recently got a new neighbor - a restaurant serving up wood-fire grilled fare from Argentina. I am not familiar with Argentinian food, so I was eager to try it out when I heard about the place. The space is next to the 16th street bridge(Near Altar Bar), so the cold weather had prevented me from making the hike up, until there was a nice warm break and I was finally able to walk up.The space itself is minimal, imagine a pizza shop - 70% of the building is dedicated to the kitchen, the remaining 30% is left to standing room. There are about 3 countertops to eat at, but no stools. On the wall there is a menu, written in chalk, separated into about 4 sections: Small Plates, Hambre (Hungry), Salads, and Con Pan(Sandwiches). There are 4 types of condiments in jars in the middle of the restaurant which are there for your tasting pleasure: Chimichurri(Herbs, oil, lemon), Ajo(garlic), Cebolla(onion), and Pimenton(Roasted pepper). Gaucho also offers various ways to receive 10% off on different days. Wednesday, show your facial hair(doesn't have to be real, ladies) - Friday, show your fashion flare. So far I've had tastes of quite a bit of the menu - The Vegetales sandwich($7, I think), two steak sandwiches(Flank and ribeye, $10 lets you choose from any beef they offer), Shrimp(6/$13 - 'hambre menu'), Empanadas(Beef, onion, and hard boiled egg, 2/$3), Chorizo($5 - small plate menu), and a pollo sandwich($8). The empanadas were hands down the best that I've ever tasted(Which should be taken with a grain of salt), the steak is incredibly flavorful and juicy, the shrimp were very large, with a sprig of rosemary stuffed into the back of each one and a lemon that was charred on the grill as well. The chorizo was full of peppery flavor and just a little bit spicy, and the veggie sandwich was piled high with peppers, zuchinni, and asparagus(my friend ordered without portabello). You can also order two slices of oiled, grilled bread for $1. The bread here, a fresh ciabatta, is stunningly delicious, soft throughout and a crust that, while chewy, won't resist you as you bite into your sandwich. I highly recommend ordering the bread so you can try out all of the condiments. I'm a sucker for caramelized onions, so the cebolla is my favorite, but the ajo is a close second, with the others also being incredible. I've only gone around 1:00pm, and there is usually a short line, but I'm not sure how this place handles around dinner time, or during the lunch rush. I asked about catering and the chef said that one day they'll be able to. He also said that he dreams of doing a whole cow roast one day - a goal that I can wholeheartedly stand behind.Gaucho is a welcome addition, and I am sure I will find myself a regular here. If you work in the strip or downtown, block of some time and make the walk. If you don't, then drive down on the weekend or for dinner. Their website sums it up nicely, "Eat Gaucho."
5	This place is awesome.  Try the steak sandwich.  You wont regret it.  Great place for a quick lunch.  The food is awesome and the service is quick and friendly.
5	Top notch place. Space, food, staff, and atmosphere are all excellent. I went to Argentina a few years ago, and have been starving to get my hands on more. Seeing that Gaucho had opened excited me, and it exceeded the lofty expectations I had. Upon entering, it was very obvious that Anthony was excited about what he was cooking and wanted to share it with us. The menu is vast, with salads, sandwiches, small plates, and entrees to fit any time of day or budget. I had the papas (potatoes), flank steak, and empanadas. All were cooked to perfection, and the ingredients were fresh. It's a great place for lunch, and they have tables you are able to stand at in the restaurant. They are working on outdoor seating for when the weather improves, and it's going to be quite exciting.All the food is cooked over wood fire on the parilla, thus making all the flavors immense and very complex. The owner and staff are very knowledgeable and have really built a great place in Pittsburgh.
5	Unbelievably good?  One of the best foods I ever put in my mouth.  I had camarones, choriza, 1/4lb ribeye, veggies, and extra grilled bread, which comes with all four sauces for dipping.  It was so fresh, flavorful.  Everything was herby, smoky, salty, sweet, and sour in the right proportions.  The steak was high quality and cooked perfectly.  THe atmosphere is so much better than you would expect.  The cashier was so helpful and the chef/owner chatted me up and was entertaining and delightful.  I recommend everybody gives them business asap.  I will definitely be back.
5	This place was great! Great lunch, though it is a bit expensive. I had the chicken sandwich with separate side orders of empanadas and papas. All were delicious, but the sandwich was my favorite. I will definitely be back for more in the coming weeks. My coworkers loved their steak sandwiches.
5	My boyfriend and I were walking past and couldn't ignore the delicious smell coming from the open front door! Everything was delicious and the folks here are -friendly-. If you don't know what to get they're happy to recommend something. You could tell they all share a real sense of pride in the place and why not? The restaurant looks great and the sandwiches are killer!
4	Very nice staff and atmosphere on the interior - wish there was a little more room to sit though! Regardless, the beef sandwich had a lot of potential but it fell short due to a lack of balance in two major categories; texture and flavor profile. This was mostly caused by the roasted red peppers and sauteed onions. Having three smokey ingredients on a bun is a bit overpowering and was too overwhelming on my palate. Concurrently, these roasted peppers and onions combined with the soft meat and bread robbed every bite of a much desired crunch; having cast-ironed vegetables would have been a much more welcome exchange. (I also felt the onions were overcharred)With all that in mind, I'd still gladly come back here and try it again. Nice people.
5	Amazing! I could tell from the smoke billowing outside that this meal was going to be good, but it surpassed my expectations.I had a steak sandwich, and it was fantastic. They have unique condiments in a table in the middle - I liked the chimichurri the most. But the meat was so good it didn't even need it!
5	Wow. That's all we could say after dinner at Gaucho Parrilla Argentina. It is WONDERFUL! We went on a Friday directly after work (got there about 4:45) and there was no line so we stood there and chatted with the guy manning the counter and the guys in the back added their two cents as well. I order the chicken sandwich and it was amazing. I am so glad this places as popped up! It's a must try for anyone in Pittsburgh!
5	Nailed it. Seriously, we loved and it will be back often.
5	Why aren't there more shops like this around?On the West end of the Strip is this little Argentinian restaurant called Gaucho. It's easy to walk by without taking notice ... but the wood paneling and the amazing grill aromas will draw you in. They even have fresh rosemary growing in the store to use for their marinades and sauces. There is limited bar-style seating along the walls.The staff is super friendly and inviting. The shop is about two months old, so they're still soliciting feedback on menu items and concepts from customers. I believe they are soon opening up their outdoor seating section as well.The menu is actually quite big for such a small shop, with everything from sandwiches, to salads, to full entrees available. We decided to go for a Saturday lunch, and it wasn't too crowded inside at all. We asked one of the staff what the most popular items were, and he said the carne sandwiches were the hot item. I went with a ribeye carne sandwich (you can choose from different cuts of steak!), while the rest of the family tried the chorizo and pollo sandwiches. The carne and chorizo sandwiches are loaded with roasted peppers and onions, while the chicken sandwich is loaded with portobello mushroom and onion. They all sit on ciabatta bread. The meats were all extremely flavorful and generously portioned. The ribeye had an amazing rosemary marinade on it that just elevated the taste experience to another level. While there are four different sauces you can experiment with in the center island (I highly recommend trying them all), the carne sandwich really didn't need any extra flavor at all. So good. The rest of the family thoroughly enjoyed their choices as well. I really wanted to try some of the grilled vegetable items (OK fine, I wanted to try everything on the menu), but I was full already.This is such a great introduction of Argentinian grill food to the Pittsburgh area, and I can only see Gaucho gaining infamy as THE place for an incredibly authentic bite of Argentina.
5	Best new place in Pgh!  The aroma of the wood fired grill will lead you down the strip and into this friendly place.  The food is simply amazing!
5	Oh yes. Real grilled meat.  Skirt Steak is my favorite.  Delicious.  Pricy thou.
5	This place is terrific. For those of us who are unfamiliar with Argentinean food, the menu may require some explanation. The staff was very helpful in making recommendations. I wound up with the pulled chicken sandwich and grilled corn on the cob. Both were great. Although there is limited counter seating in the restaurant, there is a very nice outdoor patio.  A great addition to the Strip.  Will definitely be back.
5	I'm soooooo glad Rich C. pointed this gem out to me.  Anytime you can smell an intoxicating aroma well before you can even see its source, you know that some serious grubbage is about to go down.Walk in, and you're greeted with an open and welcoming "dining" room...  more or less a center island (housing a variety of to-die-for sauces and additions for the unreal grilled creations offered) and a set of wrap around wall bars (standing only).The staff were very attentive, and best yet, honest.  When asking for a recommendation, I was steered towards the skirt steak sandwich "hands down" over the premium priced filet equivalent.Be well aware...  this is not a fast casual joint per say.  Each order of meat is hand cut and grilled to order.  The fiancee and I decided to split a sandwich and order a pair of empanadas (which I had, until this point, failed to find a good representation of in PGH), and in whole, it took about 20 minutes from the time we ordered to receive our food.  After tasting it, it was WELL worth it!The steak well deserves the typical, "literally melts in your mouth" tag phrase, and my brother's sausage was equally decadant."Hands down", one of my new favorite stops on our monthly strip adventures!
5	Had an A-MAZING dinner in Pittsburgh strip district tonight!  We had a few people so we could sample a variety on our first visit. The 5 cuts of beef were all cooked perfectly and the shrimp were very good also. We went specifically to try the empanadas and were only disappointed because they only had a few left. However, the ones they had available were ours and the were delicious!We also sampled a variety of vegetables. The zucchini, sweet peppers, onions, mushrooms and asparagus were all grilled to perfection.  That being said, the grilled corn on the cob is a must! The potatoes were somewhat average, but they are potatoes so what can you expect, but to quote my wife... "the toast tastes like Christmas". All topped off with very friendly and attentive servers and four varieties of  sauces to top your meal, you can't go wrong at Gaucho Parrilla Argentina located in the strip district of Pittsburgh. You might think the prices seem marginally high when you walk in but I promise you'll think you got a bargain by the time you leave. This was our first visit to Gaucho, but certainly won't be our last!
5	I cannot wait to go back!!!!!!!  This place gives me an excuse to eat well during the week, and then splurge here.  We ordered skirt steak on field greens with carmelized onions, and the shrimp with rosemary and lemon.  We loved everything we got.  We forgot this place was BYOB and the manager even offered me a glass of his own wine.  Super nice people, AMAZING steak.  The next time I go back I am doing the sampler. I will say, if you want a standard restaurant with a server, and a sit down menu, and lots of indoor tables.  It is not for you.  If you don't mind standing, or sitting at a bar or outside tables, then you are golden. It has a New York, Boston, or Paris vibe to me. Which is exactly what Pittsburgh needed.  I am a huge fan, and I can't wait to spread the word.
5	Food & service - 5 out of 5
5	The approach to this review deserves the same respect parrilla master Anthony gives his food... simple and straightforward.Gaucho's menu is based on a few great quality ingredients, traditional bold flavored condimentos, and simple preparation - the very antithesis of typical Pittsburgh food.  For those that may not be familiar with Argentinian cuisine it leans pretty heavily toward meat, particularly beef, given the amount of livestock raised (average yearly individual consumption is north of 200 pounds).  I'd say that's a good start to any menu concept.  The range of beef cuts allows for varied textures and flavors to be experienced, anywhere from fattier and tender ribeye to a lean and moist filet - all with a bit of char on the edges.  What separates Gaucho from most restaurants in this city is the means in which all menu items are cooked.  The continuously stoked hardwood coals of the parrilla impart a flavor and texture that can only be achieved by the hands of a great pit master... simplicity is key in preparation and grilling, but it takes a great amount of skill to execute perfection on each cut of steak, chicken, shrimp, or fish.If you're not in the mood for a great piece of steak (I say this in jest, as I don't believe this is a possibility) or aren't fully prepared to devote the next 4 hours of your day to a food induced coma, there are plenty of other menu items to entice your palate and [potentially] not weigh you down.  The following are a few favorites:Gaucho Papas - one may think potatoes are just filler, but the intensity of flavor from the hardwood roasting complimented by fresh rosemary will slap you across the face for not considering them as a primary option.Empanadas - different than most other Latin American varieties which are usually fried or baked in a typical oven, these are charred just slightly from the parrilla to give you a whole different flavor profile from what may be expected. tender meat, sweetness from charred vegetables, and a perfect amount of salt from the olive.  bite off the tip and drizzle in the condimentos... the roof of your mouth and your taste buds will both thank you.  Provoletta - it's grilled provolone with oil, herbs, and lemon. i don't think this needs further explanaton.Vegetales - few places get me excited about vegetables. the balance of char to natural sweetness is taken to another level with a fig drizzle. great variety of vegetables in the mix to give you a few different textures.Camarones - sweet, plump, translucent and crisp.  charred with rosemary and olive oil.  words cannot describe.Chorizo - simple and well made, mellow heat in the spicy type and a well rounded flavor in the garlic version.  not phenomenal, but solid.Carne con pan - the best deal you can find here.  your choice of any cut of steak topped with charred peppers and onions, slathered with chimichurri, and sandwiched between two pieces of toasted ciabatta.  meat juices and chimichurri unite to soften the bread and give you the best bite they have to offer.I'm almost sad to say that I haven't ventured into the realm of pollo (damn you chicken latino for always being the first door I pass in that direction) or pescado yet, but timing is everything... they only supply enough to get through the day, and it's usually gone if you get there later in the evening.  I respect them that much more knowing that things are going to be fresh whenever I do get the chance to eat it.Condimentos - in all honesty if these weren't part of the Gaucho experience, the menu would still be successful, albeit significantly less flavorful.  luckily they are part of it, and you would be selling yourself short if you didn't try all 4 of them on some toast, a sandwich, meat, potatoes, a spoon, the floor, or just drink straight from the mason jar (don't do that, out of respect for Anthony and co.)  traditional flavors to enhance any of the aforementioned items... don't be surprised when you're taken aback by how critical these are to your meal, and don't hesitate to mix them:a) chimichurri - made the way god intended by way of fresh herbs, salmuera (salt brine), red wine vinegar, and just the right amount of garlic and chili flake to make you reconsider why you put ketchup on anything.b) ajo - roasted garlic, fresh thyme, oregano, rosemary, olive oil and salt (don't quote me, I'm trying to reverse engineer his recipe).  this should be the modern day mayo, thankfully it's not because there may be a garlic shortage in the world if that were the case.c) cebolla - caramelized onions and herbs with vinegar and oil.  sweeter and less assertive than the ajo.d)pimenton - sweet roasted pepper flavor with herbs and a hint of char.There is only one way to appreciate the balance and complexity of flavors produced at Gaucho - stop in just once, and I can just about guarantee you'll be back to try everything they offer.
5	I would eat here daily if I lived here.  It was incredible.  Try the corn when in season! And BYOM (Bring Your Own Malbec!)  I had the flank steak salad and it was KILLER.  The bacon on my date's BLT was smoked on that magic grill to perfection.  Happiness ensued.
5	There's no rave I can make that hasn't been made here already. BUT, the accolades bear repeating. Get to Gaucho and get yourself the best beef in the 'Burgh! Bar none. Holy cow (pun not originally intended, but okay, I'll roll with it), this place is amazing!In the mood for a steak sandwich? Well, what kind? Your choice of flank steak, skirt steak, ribeye, strip or filet? Or how about chicken? Or shrimp? Chorizo your thing? Or possibly the fish of the day? All piled high on a HUGE ciabatta-style bread with your choice of toppings..and sauces. Chimichurri, pimienton, garlic...I can't remember what the other one is. Want some grilled veggies on that? There are too many to list...just ask for what you want, chances are they'll have it.Going light and want a salad instead? I had the Gaucho salad with the skirt steak, grilled tomatoes, carrot, avocado, asparagus and roasted corn all piled high on fresh, beautiful greens. Or maybe you'd prefer the Argentino with roasted potatoes and portobellos?Get ready for sides of corn on the cob roasted in the husk over the wood-fired grill. Oh! All the meats and proteins are grilled over wood that you'll see stacked in the back and in the front under some of the counters. That's part of the secret of the flavor!Desserts, too, are pretty darn special.Not much seating, but there are a few stool and counters inside and a few tables outside. Get there while the weather is beautiful...come to think of it, it might still be worth it sitting in 32 degree weather in your parka just to savor the flavor of smoky summer-ish goodness!
5	Love love love love!!!My husband and I ate inside here on the hottest, nastiest day of the year so far.  We were quite literally sweating our you-know-whats off, but despite that, Gaucho is an awesome experience.Everything here is wood-fired and super delicious.  My husband ordered a steak sandwich and they offered him like eight different cuts of steak to choose from.  I'm kind of a veg-head myself and was delighted to find woodfired asparagus and caramelized onions on my salad. YUM!  All their condiments are delicious as well--if you love them as much as I did, you can take home a jar for $5! :)We will come back again and again and again--it's BYOB as well, which we didn't know (plus we were there for lunch), and I know we'll be spending plenty of fall nights on the cute little patio enjoying delicious food and a bottle of malbec!Seriously, so awesome!!! It's kind of off-the-beaten-strip-district-path, but SO worth a try!!
5	Amazing. First day in Pittsburg, came here with the family for lunch and got the chicken sandwich. Also tried the steak sandwich. We had a side of roasted potatoes and a generous helping of all their sauces. Everything was fresh and delicious. It was our first time in Gaucho and the staff was attentive and really nice. They talked with us and explained the menu really well. Worth every penny. If I lived in Pittsburgh I would definitely come back.
5	It was my first time at an Argentine place. I must say the steak was very good. Seating arrangements can be a little problematic, but overall this place is great.
4	Several friends recommended Gaucho so i decided to check things out for my self. The first thing that caught my attention was the wood smoke aroma.  theres some seating along the walls. With Additional seating outside.So I ordered a steak carna sandwich; and it was frigging amazing. The bread had the perfect texture. Not too heavy, kinda springy . The steak had been perfectly cooked, and had great smoked flavor That wasn't overpowering.  Overall great balance of smokey and spicy.If you plan to come around noon during the week , be prepared to wait as the line might be out the door. Yes , the wait is a slight inconvenience .  But well worth the wait . if ya want to avoid the lunch rush I suggest  comming  around 11:30 or closer to 1 .
5	Wonderful food served by very nice guys who obviously love what they are doing.We went to Gaucho during a weekend visit to Pittsburgh. We wanted to eat at a local place and were interested in meat - we are low-carbers so we are always hunting (no pun intended) for good meat places. Gaucho was the first 5 stars place that Yelp brought up when I put "steak" and it seemed like a non-brainer, so we went there and were able to find parking on the street pretty much in front of the restaurant.The place is tiny and pretty simple and nice inside - just my kind of rustic decor. They also have a small patio outside, but being sort of a balmy day, we decided to stay inside. My husband and I shared the asado plate and our son ate the steak sandwich. Everything was delicious. We know really good meat and the one from our asado plate was beyond awesome. They don't have "real" silverware and I was thinking about how we could eat steak with plasticware. Well, the asado comes pre-sliced, almost bite-sized, so really what you need is your fork. The meat is so tender that you don't even need a good set of teeth - it is really that soft. Their chimichurri was delicious too (it was served as a garnish on top of the meat). Not too garlicky, which I really appreciate, and they put just the right amount of it. I really have a big problem when they put so much of the garnish on the meat that all you can taste is the garnish. Not here - it was really perfect. The same goes for the amount of dressing in the side salad I had. It wasn't drenched in balsamic dressing, which I loved. The greens were fresh and crunchy, and there was just the perfect touch of dressing. And oh, the meat comes with two wonderfully charred/browned buttered pieces of toasted ciabatta. I don't eat gluten but it was so beautiful that I had to take a bite, and it was worthy of the stomach pain I felt afterwards (damn gluten!).Our son's sandwich was also beautiful and HUGE. It was inside a toasted ciabatta roll and, according to him, it was AWESOME (and if you read any of my other reviews, "awesome" is the highest compliment a food can receive). An observation: They were out of a lot of stuff, including cheese, which sounded so incredibly odd to me, as cheese is one of those things that don't spoil too easily so kind of weird that they run out of it. They were also out of empanadas, melon and prosciutto, ribs, and a bunch of other things. The only reasonable explanation I could find is that probably they don't have a lot of fridge space and try to always have fresh ingredients, so since we went on a Saturday, mid-afternoon, and they are closed on Sunday and Monday, we probably caught them at the end of their stock. Nevertheless, looks like they can use a good supply chain manager so their inventory management is a better. If I lived in Pittsburg I'd volunteer and would gladly receive my salary in steak and salad! :-)
5	As soon as you drive in front of Gaucho Parrilla your stomach starts growling because the Argentinian grill smell that comes from this place is just awesome. I shared the asado plate with my wife on my first (and only visit so far) to Pittsburgh and I thought it was just delicious. Being on a low carb diet, it is hard finding good stake dishes without all the other very tempting sides but this one needs no sides. The only temptation was the buttery bread that came with the dish that my wife and son were raving about. All five cuts of beef served were great quality tasting meat, very tender, very juicy, and perfectly cooked (I like my steak medium/medium rare). On a plate with NY strip, filet, sirloin, and flank, I thought the skirt stake was the winner. I would love to try their chorizo. I can't wait to return. The restaurant is very informal without waiters (you order at the counter and they bring the food to you) so seating space could be an issue. But it wasn't for us. All I have to say is that (given I am on a high protein low carb diet) I would be going to this place every single day if they opened this restaurant in the DC metro area. But, for now, I will be content with the fact that I can only eat here when I visit Pittsburgh so this is a required stop for us when we return.
5	Took a bunch of guys here again and it universally got the nod as one of the best steak sandwiches every one had ever eaten...  I don't know if I even remembered to breathe while inhaling its deliciousness.  KEEP IT UP!
5	Wow, what can I add that so many of these other reviews haven't already said? Not much. My sons and I each ordered carne sandwiches. They had the flank steak and the filet mignon while I had the NY Strip. They loved theirs. As for me, that might just well have been the best sandwich of any type I've ever had. Just absolute perfection. The bread (perfect in this role - crunch in the crust but soft on the inside and able to soak up all the juices and not fall apart), the roasted, marinated peppers and onions, the fresh chimichurri, and the absolutely incredible meat. So flavorful, so juicy, so full of wood smoke. Perfection. And no need for a knife. Just melts in your mouth. I live in DC and cannot wait to come back. This place does Pittsburgh proud!
5	hands down, my favorite restaurant in town. there are so few places where i can say that everything that i have tried has been totally phenomenal. so good, in fact, that when i'm sitting in traffic on the 16th street bridge with my windows down, and a catch a whiff of the woodsmoke... GAME OVER, i'm going to gaucho.their empanadas are the absolute best i've ever had. and trust me, i'm an empanada connoisseur. my only complaint is that they run out fairly early on in the day. but i suppose that's what happens when you make something so irresistibly delicious.i am impressed by not only the quality of their food, but the quality of their service. it is refreshing to see the owner involved in the business, greeting customers and cooking food. his enthusiasm is contagious and his passion for argentine cuisine is apparent the second one walks in the door.summary: gaucho is amazing, and if you don't think so, then i don't wanna know ya. definitely worth braving the madness that is the strip on a saturday morning. recommendations: empanadas, skirt steak anything, papas and SAUCES. try their homemade sauces! put them on everything! order some extra bread just to dip in the sauces. drink the sauces. pour them on your... okay, that's enough.caution: closed on sundays and mondays. sandwiches are huge! split with a friend or bask in the glory that is leftover gaucho.
4	A group of 6 of us decided to try this for lunch today. The owner was enthusiastic and gave us a great run down of the menu and what everything was. I had the pollo sandwich with pulled chicken, mushrooms, potatoes, and onions on a focaccia type bread. The bread was delcious and the sandwich alone was enough to fill me up. Most of the other people in our group also got sandwiches and also said they were great along with the grilled corn. Someone got a salad and added shrimp to it. She said the shrimp and dressing were delicious. My only complaint/observation about this place is that there is very limited seating. There is almost no seating inside, so while it was great to eat on their patio during August, I'm not sure how much business they will do in the winter months. I think the food is great and the employees and service was exceptional, I just hope they can find a way to keep it running without seating in the winter.
5	The steak sandwich (with filet mignon) was probably the most delicious sandwich I've ever had.  The meat was so tender that it was almost of the same consistency as the soft bread.  This is one of the few restaurants in the Strip District that I would go to regularly!
5	A small restaurant where people are standing and eating. Why are they all smiling. They know something that when you walk in off the street you could not know . The food is excellent and fresh introducing you to many new flavores. The shrimp is some of the best I have ever eaten. The service is pleasant and helpful and fun. Don't pass up this one .
5	This place has 5 stars for a reason. The chorizo sandwich was excellent and cooked to perfection. The fire roasted red pepper on it was not burnt and the ciabatta that it came on was very soft and fresh. The dipping sauces are very bold in flavor and you can get a side of tasty seasoned potatoes for only $2. Service is very friendly and the outdoor seating is clean and comfortable. I recommend this place to anyone in the Strip District who is looking for a quick bite to eat. The quality of the food can be compared to that of an upscale bistro.
5	STELLAR! AWESOME! FANTASTICO!Yeah, that's pretty much how we feel about Gaucho.Just like our experience with Cure, the approach to the restaurant sets the stage for a great meal, since the wonderful smell of open fire grilling will set your tastebuds into a frenzy. All of their items we ordered were nothing short of stupendously delicious and of the highest quality. Here's what we had:1) Empanadas - honestly, I don't know how you could even consider NOT ordering empanadas if you set foot into an Argentine eatery - shame on you if you didn't order these! They are wonderful, and are definitely the best I've ever had... even in Argentina!2) Provoletta - Again, this is an authentic classic. If you don't order this, you should be committed to the insane asylum. Delicious. Comes with a very tasty arugula and lemon vinaigrette side salad. A nice option for a small bite for lunch.3) Two filet sandwiches - These are huge! On our next visit, we are only going to order one and split it, but this time, we just took the extra one home and wolfed it down the next day.I was instantaneously addicted to this place, and will definitely be back in the near future! Love it, love it, love it!
5	Go here immediately...The meats are amazing. They are cooked to perfection. Make sure to get a cup of each sauce so you can dip your meat and bread into it. The grilled corn was so good. I tried the filet and flank steak and they were full of flavor. I don't think that you could make a bad decision when ordering from here.There is a reason this place had five stars. I am craving it like crazy.
5	mind. EXPLOSION.i had the grilled chicken sandwich! it even had some potatoes in there. BREAD IS AMAZING. next time, gonna get involved with some STEAK.my friend got the corn on the cob and it looked so legit. he wouldnt even share.I DREAM OF THIS TYPE OF FOOD
5	Absolute best steak sandwich I've had in years.  People of Pittsburgh should flock to this place and be lining up out the door.  The sandwiches, salads, and apps are amazing.  The sauces to accompany the empanadas and sandwiches are also delicious.   Wow is all I can say!
1	Had read in the Post-Gazette that Gaucho was now open on Sundays. Looked at their website, and it does, in fact, list hours on Sunday from 11am-4pm. Drove about 30 minutes into town today to check it out. Sign on door read closed. FAIL!!!
4	This little hole in the wall in the Strip is serving up some yummy grilled food. The first time we tried to go here they were out of chicken, and I don't usually eat beef, so we went elsewhere. I thought about docking them a star for this, as actually having the food that's being offered on the menu is a big part of running a successful restaurant, but, after having eaten here, I think the place is 4 star worthy. There is no table service here, and really no tables other than the ones on the patio outside. There are a few barstools inside, but the comfort level is low, as you have people milling about, either standing in line or waiting for their to go orders, and the space underneath the stools where your legs and feet would normally go is taken up by stacked wood. As a side note I'll say that it's too bad there's no place in the Strip, such as a small park or some other public area, where people can go and congregate...it would be a nice addition to the neighborhood, and there are a couple of take out places that could benefit. The outside tables were all taken when we arrived, so we ate at the counter on the barstools. We ordered the chicken from the "hambre" side of the menu, and sides of the grilled veggies and gaucho potatoes. This was a good amount of food for the two of us. The chicken comes "picked" and served with their onion sauce, a delicious concoction of caramelized onions that have been pureed and seasoned. The veggies were grilled perfectly, and the potatoes were delicious. We helped ourselves to the sauces they offer...a roaster red pepper sauce, a garlicky ajo and their version of chimichurri, that Argentinian staple. All were very good. They really know how to cook here, and the food is delicious. I hope they become successful enough to afford a move to roomier digs at some point in the future. In the meantime, I'll still go and hope for an empty barstool.
5	I really can't say it any better than all of those before me have, its just hands down amazing! Simple food cooked perfectly, seasoned perfectly, and served in a fun environment. I kind of hate myself for not coming sooner.Go with the sampler Parrillada Mixta, a sampler of chicken, steak, and chorizo served with olive oil soaked grilled bread. Its great for splitting with two people. Make sure you get all of the sauces so you can mix and match flavors.
5	this place is awesome. fun atmosphere inside. the guy taking orders is nice and very funny. i had their spicy vegetable soup. good sized serving, huge chunks of vegetables, very spicy, and comes with a honkin piece of fresh bread. also had their fish sandwich, which happened to be black catfish today. UNREAL. expertly cooked and assembled. grilled to perfection. melted in my mouth. and the bread! so fresh and crunchy yet warm and soft.definitely stop here if you're in the Strip District and looking for a hot meal.
5	This is the reason I love the Yelp app on my phone.  After a day of record shopping the Burgh us out of towners had no idea what was near us and what was good.  I popped up my Yelp app and found this joint.  Now getting there in rush hour?  That's a entire other story.  Why in the world do you guys pull into the middle of intersections blocking everyone?  Anyhow I digress.  We walked in Gaucho Parrilla Argentina and honestly I was expecting the place to be bigger, but they do have the patio and some seating in the main area.  We sat at the counter, it was fine.  It's not a complaint that the place is small.  It's surprising something this good isn't bigger.  The service was unreal.  Even after mentioning we were from Cleveland that didn't stop the full tour of the menu and some excellent conversation with the courteous and friendly staff.  The food portions are very large, and the wood fire cooking method brings out amazing flavors.  We tried the following, and all were of superb quality, substantial in size and delicious.  Gaucho papas:  Roasted to perfection, lightly seasoned. Empanadas :  Pastry, steak, peppers, onion, olive, egg.  Real steak in these guys, full of flavor and awesome with the various dipping sauces.Provoletta :  Grilled aged provolone, oregano, thyme, olive oil & lemon.  Can we just call this an open face grilled cheese for adults?  It reminded me of a Saganaki on grilled toast.  Amazing flavor combinations here, large portions.  Con pan:  We both did the same sandwich, the Lomo; filet mignon.  The steak was cooked to perfection, tender and juicy on ciabatta.  The ciabatta stayed crunchy yet soaked up those amazing flavors of the roasted peppers, onions & chimmi-churri.The various sauces were amazing as well, great for dipping anything and everything.Chimmi churri :  fresh herbs, garlic, extra virgin olive oil, vinegars     Pimenton :  charred pepper, garlic, fresh herbs, extra virgin olive oil     Ajo (a-Ho) :  roasted garlic, fresh herbs & extra virgin olive oil     Cebolla :  carmelized onion, rosemary, thyme, vinegars & extra virgin olive oil I'd drive back to Pittsburgh just to eat here again!
5	Simply outstanding food. I'm now going to out myself as one of those avid Yelp users who has relied on Yelp 100 times (literally), all throughout the country, and recommends the app to everyone ... and yet I've never written a review. Today, I was inspired to do so by a phenomenal meal at Gaucho Parrilla Argentina.I can't remember previously seeing a full 5-star review on Yelp with 50+ reviews. This restaurant deserves that status. My son and I had two steak sandwiches (one ribeye, one NY Strip) and both were absolutely delicious -- perfect bread, excellent steak, killer sauces, and a just-right balance of onion, pepper, and seasoning. Really, hard to make a sandwich much better. Sides were also absolutely top notch:  shrimp, corn, and papas. Each were legitimately world-class. If it sounds like I'm exaggerating, I'm not. My wife is a classically-trained French chef and we're fortunate enough to have really high quality food pretty much every day. We've eaten at terrific restaurants all over the country (and beyond).  This place merits a five-star review. I'll also say that from a service perspective, every person we interacted with there was kind, knowledgeable, and willing to talk about the history behind the place.  They went above and beyond. A few caveats, just to manage expectations. First, BYOB. No corkage fee, but no alcohol there. Also, the place is charming but teeny -- it probably seats less than eight people on counters and stools. If anything, this is more of a takeout place; definitely not white-table cloth. Effectively, we're talking 28+ on food, albeit with a limited menu, but a 14 on decor. Finally, be aware that Gaucho Parrilla Argentina closes at 7 PM and is closed on Sunday and Monday. So, if you understand the limitations of the place beforehand, make sure you come. You'll walk out saying that it was some of the best food you've ever eaten. While I'm from Pittsburgh originally, I live in Boston and in town for the Steeler game. I'll certainly be back at Gaucho the next time I'm in the Burgh. A classic Yelp gem.
4	This local restaurant was absolutely amazing. I have the vegetable sandwich! The bread was nice and crispy and vegetables were full of flavor! I would definitely eat there again!!!!
5	Food is honestly amazing. Unbelievable flavor. This should be a must stop for anyone in town.
5	As Michael L. noted, it is quite uncommon for a restaurant with 50+ reviews to have a 5-star rating; after my recent visit I understand why Gaucho Parilla is in this rarefied air. There's not much I can add that hasn't already been said by other reviewers, so I'll just say that their steak sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've had in my long and illustrious sandwich-eating career. How such a small, ordinary kitchen produces such extraordinary food is beyond me. Just writing this review is making me hungry, so I'll end it now before I get drool all over my nice work shirt.
5	Time to add the umpteenth 5-star review for the Gaucho!  The place was bumping even at an off-time (mid-afternoon on a Saturday) but fortunately we grabbed one of the few seats in the rustic eating area.  Enjoyed a three-meat combo plate with delicious steak, grilled chicken and sausage.  The best part was the grilled bread - toasty and salty with olive oil drizzled on top.  Definitely seek this place out in the Strip District - es muy bueno!
5	Best steak sandwich I've ever had and really good chimichurri. $12 for a sandwich but worth it.
5	This is the best steak sandwich I have ever had. We go here almost every Saturday. Their sauces are quire exquisite as well. There is very limited seating inside, and a bit of a wait, but it's so worth it!!
5	Omnomnom. The empanadas were the best, especially with the pimenton sauce (roasted red pepper with olive oil and balsamic vinegar and other stuff...) poured into each bite. My boyfriend got the steak sandwich with the ride year and loved it. His dad got the steak burger and loved it too. The sauces are all amazing, try all of them! There's also grilled veggies that are yummy for the vegetarians (or health conscious) There are only 8 seats or so inside, but when we went it wasn't crowded so it wasn't a problem. There's tables outside for the summer. The owner is a long time restaurateur who finally decided to settle down and cook his family's native cuisine. And I, for one, am appreciative that he did.
5	This is a hole in the wall in the strip district (the website photos are, shall we say, optimistic). But the food is delicious. So far the best I've had in Pittsburgh (better than Salt, Spoon, Soba, Point Bruge, etc.). High quality meats, good spices, and all really fresh. Probably not something to eat on a low sodium diet but delicious.
5	Love these guys. Anthony knows what he's doing. Steak Burger is best burger in town and I stand by that. Killer Americana twist on classic Argentina Specialties. Only one problem! I can't get enough! Awesome awesome food.
5	Aaaammmmaaazing! I can't express how awesome this place is. I have the rosemary braised beef sandwich with empanadas and papas. I want to bring this place back to ny with me. Best sandwich I have ever had.
5	This place was amazing. I ordered the steak sandwich and selected the skirt steak. There are many cuts of beef to choose from for this sandwich including flank, skirt, NY strip and filet mignon. I asked the cashier for his recommendation and he suggested the skirt steak so that's what I went with. The sandwich was amazing and the steak very flavorful. I would recommend this place to anyone. My boyfriend got the sandwich with flank steak. It was good but the skirt is the way to go. The added fat in that cut of meat elevates the taste. This is a MUST try in Pittsburgh.
5	I was saving my 100th Yelp review for somewhere special, and Gaucho deserves my triple digit cherry.  You smell Gaucho before you see it, freshly prepared tender meats and chimichurri sauce massage your nose from a block away.  Gaucho means cowboy in spanish, and you will eat a cow worth of the juiciest steak you've ever had in your life.  Everything on the menu is delicious and perfectly walks the line between traditional and inventive.  Very reasonable prices, friendly accommodating staff, a fun, unique style, and generous portions (My steakburger was roughly the size of my head, and yes, I still managed to eat the whole thing).  The only thing they could do better is get bigger and expand for more seating, but since they do discounted take out, I'd be glad to take it home and be a Coucho Gaucho in the comfort of my living room!
5	We just had Argentinian food in downtown Pittsburg... amazingly tender meats,  wonderful vegetables and tasty sauces. The owner chef is very kind and personable. His assistant is very fast too. Food is better tasting than many more far more expensive steak houses we have been to. There is a reason why this place had a all 5 star ratings ..... WELL DESERVED 5 STARS !!
5	The smokiness of real wood they use for grilling gives the food an intense natural distinct flavor! These guys know their job! Ming Ming rocks!
5	This place is a gem... More then a gem it is everything that is good about eating.You smell this place before you see it.The aroma is mouthwatering.The meat is perfect. If Francis mallman were here he would shake Anthony's hand. I have never tasted a more well balanced chimichuri.Thank you for added this to the Pittsburgh landscape.  Bottom line. The food and service will change your taste buds forever.
5	So good!   Just got takeout, the grilled skirt steak and vegetables were incredible!   Looking forward to future visits and trying more of the menu!
4	Gaucho.  Who doesn't love to say Gaucho?  And what meat eaters wouldn't love this tiny little spot in the Strip?We arrived early on a Saturday morning.  And Chef Anthony Falcon was already performing for the crowd!  Yes, this man is a performer, describing the menu, giving tips on what to order and truly thrilling the crowd!So, here is a bit of the condensed version of the story of this grill spot.  A gaucho is an Argentina cowboy.  These gauchos would grill beef over a wood fire, giving the meat an incredible flavor.  Chef Anthony's great grandfather was a gaucho in Argentina.  Be sure to search the restaurant wall for a photo of him dressed in gaucho garb.  Well, on to the story.  Chef Anthony's uncle visited Pittsburgh from Argentina and said, you have got to put a restaurant in the Strip.  And so, here we are today.  It's interesting to enter and see stacks of natural hardwood everywhere.  All cooking it done by fire.  No oven.  No stove.  And definitely no microwave.  It's almost prehistoric.  Wood, fire, meat.  The day we visited, Chef Anthony was not cooking, he was entertaining and waiting on the crowd.Not being super hungry, we opted to order simple items.  I got a cob of corn and steak empanadas.  OMG.  Can't say enough about the awesome flavors here.  BJ got a chorizo sandwich with peppers, onion & pimenton.  So good.  Also, I added the pimenton to my empanadas.  Spectacular.  Clearly, we need to return with an appetite.  And try more of the menu.  Can't wait for that!
5	This is one of the BEST sandwiches I've had. I came here after splitting a primanti brothers sandwich and we both agreed this was WAYYY better.The guy working here is super friendly and helpful. We even got to try a sample of soup for free. We split the "Carne" sandwich and I got the filet cut (several cuts of steak are available to you). It came out very moist and flavorful. Seasoned very well (must have been marinated i guess) and cooked on the grill it was great. It also came with some roasted peppers. If I lived here I'd eat it all the time.HIGHLY RECOMMEND
5	It's 2014, right? The experience with a restaurant begins when you look online. Outdated menu, no menu, shitty website.. your anticipation drops. Restaurants: if we have to wait for approval on email reservation "requests", forget about it. This seems comparatively more common in Pittsburgh than DC, Baltimore.. Use opentable or have a person answering the phone.My first minute with Gaucho..1) Look up ph# on yelp2) Phone rings 3 times, get a real person.3) "GAUCHO!""What are your hours?""11-7""We'll be by later""Ok. Byob BROTHER!"I'm already smiling about my meal. Haven't seen the place yet. That's how it's done.Roll in to the 12-seat spot and the smoky fire hits your nose immediately. You salivate. Your eyes drift across the orange paint and sparse-yet-rustic decorations that give off the gaucho vibe. The wood is stacked high. Orders are placed at the register where friendly service awaits with recommendations and attention.Food takes a while, the scent teasing you. The oily chorizo app arrived with sandwiches, should have come first. That's about all I can complain about. The chorizo is salty and awesome, if needing some grain mustard though the accompanying toast cuts it. The skirt steak sandwich (got talked out of the ribeye) was INTENSE. Delicious char, perfect temps and medium-rare without request. The house chimi drips onto your plate alongside the healthy dose of onions and peppers, which are all-pro except lightly soft. The bread borders the crunch/soft levels perfectly. Seriously, best steak sandwich in Pittsburgh. Maybe ever.
5	Incredible Flavor. Girlfriend and I had to stop in after seeing all the great reviews and it's all so true. The steak is extremely flavorful and tender (skirt steak sandwich). The best steak sandwich I can ever remember having. Great chimichurri sauce to. Girlfriend had the shrimp which was very fresh and you could taste the grilling which I find really nice. We also tried for apps the grilled vegetables and chorizo sausage. Everything was excellent. We will be back very very soon!!
4	Want to know how to cook steak? Take a lesson from these guys. The steak sandwich here was excellent, I loved the chimichurri sauce, the bread, the whole thing. Only complaint is it could have been a bit bigger OR less expensive. Also, I wish there were things on the menu in general that were more lunch prices than dinner prices. For non red meat eaters, they also serve a tilapia sandwich. I went back one day to try and get more of that delicious beef in my mouth, but alas though the place was supposed to be open, I (along with other surprised customers) found it closed. It's a pretty serious pet peeve of mine, going somewhere and thinking it will be open but it's not. It's pretty unprofessional, yet many places here do it. I am sure there were reasons etc. and I didn't starve to death since Vietnam's Pho is nearby and a pork sandwich there is half the price and also good, I just went there. But just a note to businesses: your customers notice when you are not open during your regular hours!
5	Awesome place for tasty MEATs! Grilled with real hardwood onsite.  When you see the smoke coming out of the stack you get what you smell.  Very small and intimate only a handful of seats but worth the trouble.  Tastes were heavenly with caramelized onions and fresh crusty breads.  The gentleman at the counter works the room like a carnival barker but takes great care of the orders.  Great prices and fairly good selection of meaty delights.
5	Amazing!!  My new favorite go-to restaurant.  Just had the Pescado sandwich , potatoes, and corn.  Everything was so delicious and fresh.  True Argentina style cooking.  All the sauces were delicious & fresh.  Seating was limited during lunch but I enjoyed the casual atmosphere of pulling up a barstool and enjoying delicious food.
5	Absolutely great place for lunch or weekend shopping. It's a little cramped inside, but worth it. Everything on the menu that I've had has been delicious so you really can't go wrong. Definitely try all the sauces they have set out. Worth the price.
5	If you were to relate restaurants to the human body, Gaucho would be the heart and soul.  It's kinda built out of the way, but you know you're there by the smell of firewood.  The place itself is small, but boy is the food and service great!  They brought the food straight to us, which is very nice considering I have a broken wrist at the moment.  We got two steak sandwiches, which was a mistake! Even though it is SUPER delicious, we couldn't finish it all! We also both got Cokes, which the cashier informed us was made in Mexico, so it was made with pure cane sugar and no HFCS. Man was it good!  We even felt the need to take a small cup of chimmichurri with us! Probably the best steak sandwich I have EVER eaten! If you need a place to eat, come to Gaucho Parrilla Argentina!
5	Great good great personality. Would go back anytime and I strongly recommend this place for a great meal
5	Simply the best steak sandwich in pittsburgh! The meat is amazing and the staff friendly and helpful. The gentleman working the counter even offered to come around to explain all the chef's homemade sauces to us. I will be back again and again!
5	I'm sorry, I can't write a review about this place. Why?? Because there is only one word. AMAZING!!!!! I mean so amazing that I'm speechless.  I'm only in Pittsburgh to visit but I don't think I'll ever find steak like this again. The wood burning grill, the service, and the FOOD!!! Check it out!! Owner said they are expanding soon!!
4	Tried Gaucho at lunch and was very pleased by the food and the service-  two 20 somethings held down the crowd that was exploding on to Penn.  I had a braised beef, carmalized onion and horseradish delight.  Also tried the spicy Chorizo,  a side of tatters and washed it all down with a blood orange soda.  They sell out of empenadas so I missed testing.  Food was great only complaint is no room to enjoy dining in.  I had a seat but the crowded space and setting was sub prime.
5	Gaucho is a tiny spot with big, BIG smoky flavor.  Walking in is like being immersed in a forest fire that all of Bambi's delicious friends have failed to escape.  Me and my brother went here for his birthday dinner, and the first thing that struck us, aside from the size and the smoke, is the minimalist staff: one guy on the register, one guy in the kitchen.  But both of them are seriously good at what they do.  The guy up front was warm, funny, and knowledgeable, providing atypically excellent service while the guy in the back works the grill like a friggin artist.  Here's the breakdown of our meal:We ordered three sandwiches: the skirt steak, the fish of the day (mako shark), and the steak burger.  The skirt steak was cooked astonishingly well.  Generally when SLABS of steak and not those paper thin slices are used in a sandwich, it doesn't eat well, doesn't break apart nicely when you bite into it so the sandwich falls apart or you end up pulling out more meat than you intended.  The steak at Gaucho eats well, and is wonderfully tender.  Our only complaint was that the steak itself was a bit underseasoned and was overpowered by the caramelized onions and red peppers.  The mako shark was also cooked perfectly and seasoned very well, tasting lightly of lemon but still recognizable as shark.  If you've been disappointed by tough or bland shark in the past, I definitely recommend trying Gaucho's take on it.  Finally, the steakburger was the smokiest burger I've had in Pittsburgh, and in terms of sheer carnivorous sublimity ranks up there with the best.  The smoke complimented the flavor of the meat perfectly, giving it depth and nuance that all the toppings in the world could not.  Of course all of these sandwiches were served on delicious bread that held up to the juices dripping out of the proteins.  All in all, these sandwiches are pricy, but they are damn well worth it.  The executions are excellent and the flavors are generally well-balanced.  I'd also recommend trying the four condiments they have available, with my personal favorites being the chimmi and the ajo.  I have to say, existence of this place gives me much hope.  Here is truly good food and good cooking without pretense, striking a balance (and a striking balance) between artistry and accessibility.
5	This place is absolutely amazing.  I travelled to Pittsburgh for ~4 months for work, eating out twice a day for the entire time.  This is absolutely my favorite restaurant of all that I tried during that time.  Suggestion: The meat is really amazing, so I would suggest that you separate it from the bread in the sandwich.  The bread is great by itself as well.
5	Cant say enough about this gem in the strip. If you want a great sandwich that is done correctly go to Gaucho Parrilla Argentina. Everything is done over the smoky fire pit they use in the kitchen. The owner a young gentlemen who works the customers in the front of the house is extremely knowledgeable and is a complete pleasure to talk to. I came into this amazing place on sat morning before they opened and hung out and talk to employees for a second and got a good feeling about the place. I took the advice of one of the cooks and got the Flank Sandwich with roasted peppers on a chibata  roll and was AMAZING, The thin stacked meat was cooked perfectly and just feel apart when biting into it. The meat was smoky but not overly smoky and could sill taste the Beef. The sauce they put on it was out of this world. Over All I give it 2 thumbs up. I cant wait to go back. Matter of fact may be going back today!
5	The immediate and subsequent surprises you experience when visiting Gaucho Parrilla are more than enough to warrant the five stars that this place has so deservingly received.I'd heard tell of this place from a few friends, but for some reason when I hear 'sandwich shop' and 'the strip' I can only imagine Primanti Brothers. Sadly that image isn't as appetizing to me is it may be to other Pittsburghers.Nonetheless, on a whim, my wife and I decided to drop in here to see what's up and it has since completely rewritten the aforementioned image. Gaucho is the sandwich shop that the-city-that doesn't-need-another-sandwich-shop needed. For starters, the wood fired grill is expertly manned and the resulting meat and veggie creations are tender and flavorful. For enders, the guys running the joint are super friendly and seemingly unflappable -- even in the face of a line out the door during a Saturday lunch rush.Great food, sweet vibe, and friendly service. What more do you want. Stop wasting your money on sub-par, unhealthy sammies.
5	Best sandwich I've had in Pittsburgh by far! So we walked past this place today and the smell of woodfire BBQ stopped us in our tracks! It's a tiny spot and it was a bit of a wait but oh man was it worth. We got the pollo con pan. Pulled chicken sandwich it was phenomenal! Tasty chicken and potatoes,The bread was amazing. Also must try the dipping sauces they have out! All of them were bursting with flavor. I also ordered the alfasmorez which was a twist on a s'more nilla wafers,marshmallow, chocolate, and ready for it? Dulce de leche! (Caramel) sooooo heavenly! (Must have a sweet tooth for this though)  While waiting I saw a bunch if delicious things being served. I also realized we should have came earlier in the day because since everything seems to be in house made they run out later In the evening. First come, first serve. Everything looked and smelled great! Service was also friendly and funny! All in all a gem I never expected to find. Will be returning soon.
5	Wow I've not had a better sandwich in a long time. The bread is soft and delicious. It's not one of those sandwiches you need to fight with to get the job done ... it just cooperates! Your teeth slice right through but it's not mushy ... it's just perfect. The meat is flavored/marinated all the way through. And the wood fired grill makes anything they throw on it taste delicious. And the sauces! My goodness they are to die for. Try every single one. Chimichurri is of course a winner, but favorite is the white garlic one! Bonus: I love the fact that they achieve super savory and flavorful food without tons of mayo and cheese. (At least the cheese is optional.) I love that most things are olive oil/herb/garlic based. We ordered the chicken with a side of grilled vegetables which was obviously tasty, and I hope to get back to try the steak. Disclaimer: If you are looking for a place for sit down service this is not for you! It's a small cozy space with a few stools inside and tables outside and you order at the register. I can't wait to get down when the weather is nicer!
5	Worth the wait in line! Incredible meats and great/energized staff! Cannot wait until its warm to eat outside
5	It took me awhile to get here because I thought it would not be vegan friendly - BUT I finally made it and the veggie sandwich is amazingly good! I also got a small salad which was perfectly fresh and delicious, though unnecessary because the sandwich was huge. I really love all the sauces they have available, too. The service really takes Gaucho Parilla over the top - so so so genuinely enthusiastic and friendly! The space is rustically cozy and the sandwiches are a bit messy; all part of the fun. Yep, this place is fun!
5	Went to Gaucho today for the first time and it was fantastic. The food, the service and the adorable atmosphere.  Note that it only has tables outside and just some stool bar seating inside.  I ordered the vegetable sandwich and the melted provolone toast.
5	Like a previous reviewer, I too put off trying Gaucho for fear of not having any vegan options. Turns out there are at least three on the menu, no modifications necessary. It tastes as great as it smells. Very helpful and very sweet staff. Amazing sauces, too. Will return!
5	My favorite sandwich place in pittsburgh. I like both the fish and chicken sandwiches. Fresh ! One time I asked for chicken empanadas, but the guy at the counter said he is currently making beef, so I was disappointed, but then in about 10 minutes he said he popped in a chicken empanada also for me :) I was pleased :) he is very nice. The meat is perfectly grilled on a wood fired grill.
5	This place is awesome.  And they have surprisingly good fish sandwiches for your enjoyment over Lent.
5	There is a good reason for the 5 stars review. It is just awesome. The sandwiches are spectacular and so tasty. Great job guys
5	Delicious. Based on the staff recommendation, I had the steak sandwich with filet minion. It was fabulous. Very well-seasoned and the bread was soft without being all soggy. I also love that the sauces are available separately because I'm a spice-a-phobe, but my boyfriend isn't, so we can both be happy. The sides were also excellent. The grilled corn they had in the summer was great, but every side I've tried has been good.I was tempted to deduct a star for the lack of seating, but the food is just too good!Just be ready to eat it standing up. This place is tiny. It is better in the summer when they have the outdoor seating available.
5	The only thing I'm disappointed with is my not knowing of Gaucho's existence sooner.  My friend and I both had the carne sandwich (mine filet; his skirt), and they were simply melt-in-your-mouth fantastic.  The sauces were also incredibly fresh and tasty, so good in fact that we purchased a container to go.  Great food, friendly staff, unique environment--what more could you ask for?  A carnivore foodie's heaven.
5	Not much to say that hasn't already been said here.  Outstanding food, great service, fun atmosphere.  Prices are a little steep but the amount of flavor packed in each meal is well worth it.  Awesome little joint.
5	Believe the hype.I ordered the carne sandwich with filet mignon steak and was astounded! The steak was cooked to a juicy medium rare. The peppers were charcoaled perfectly. The caramelized onions were sweet and savory. The chimichurri added a nice bitter taste. And the bread absorbed all the juices and allowed all of the different flavors to stand out in unison.This was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. It's undoubtedly the best sandwich I've had in Pittsburgh. I'm not even sure we should refer to it as a sandwich considering how transcendental it is.
4	Yum. Great food. AWESOME service. Cheap, easy, fun little place and Pittsburgh needs like ten other spots to open that's run by these guys. Highly recommend.
4	I think I am in the minority here, but I can't help but think this place is a bit overrated.Too much oil, too much fanfare, too little meat, too pricey for my liking.My qualms: 1. Why have Flank and Skirt steak? Seems a bit redundant and the two times I have ordered the Asado plate I could not distinguish them. The Asado plate is also expensive and a bit of a let down.2. The Empanadas. Ugh, maybe I caught them on a bad day. I certainly hope so. It was dry, crusty and crumbled at the touch. I am a huge fan of meat pastries from every culinary persuasion and this was a surprising folly for a place so highly touted.3. The salads. Skip the Argentino with steak. Never had the heart for any of the others because this was just floating in oil.Overall, I still can't help but love this place. I can't. You don't find places like this in Pittsburgh and it is so refreshing to have the option for a "high end" steak sandwich in the strip. Still, I am just not into paying 25 bucks for lunch...in Pittsburgh...from anywhere.If the line is short and your pockets a little too heavy I would definitely recommend. Nice people too!
5	Mmm mmm mmm this place is fabulous for lunch. Go for their sandwiches ... you'll just be dying in the flavor and tenderness of the bread and meat. Potatoes are also good as appetizers. Highly recommend.
5	Caramelized Onion Soup with Portobello and a side toasted cheese bread was fantastic. And the Chorizo sandwich with their "Chimmi-Churri" (homemade dressing with TONS of fresh herbs!!) was ridiculously flavorful  ...Love this small little GEM! I just happened to stumble across this place in the Strip. The friendly staff was also great and helpful in explaining the menu if I had any questions!  I will definitely be trying it again!
5	The hype is real folks. Read this review and get thee to Gaucho if you have not been there yet! Seriously. Don't wait. Do it!I split the Rosemary Braised Beef and the Carne Steak sandwich with a friend. GREAT idea because it was the best of both worlds! While I enjoyed the Rosemary Braised beef more, because I love horseradish and caramelized onions, the Carne Steak was just as good! The steak was so flavorful you didn't need anything else... Unless, you're into sauces like I am! I love sauce! They had four different kids of sauce on the table in the middle of the place. I wish I could tell you what every kind was, but all I know is that they were delicious! I just wanted to steal them and put them on everything I eat all the time! It's s small place, so beware you may have to do take out, but don't fear, they're looking to expand shortly and will hopefully offer dinner service and more!! So get thee to Gaucho ASAP!
5	Seriously? More than a 100 reviews, and an average 5 star rating on Yelp? It's certainly rare to find a restaurant with 5 stars after this number of reviews.  I had to try it to believe it.Food (9.5/10) = Simply incredible.  The first time I visited Gaucho, I went with the most frequently mentioned Yelp item - the carne (steak) sandwich.  This sandwich is HUGE!  Generous portions of a cut of your choice.  I go for the ribeye, which is a great choice for flavor.  Other components of the sandwich include roasted red bell peppers, onions, chimmi churri sauce.  The bread just absorbs all the juices from the meat and roasted peppers, not letting any flavor go to waste.If a sandwich is not your thing, there's certainly a variety of other proteins for your choosing, both from the land and sea.  I was surprised and impressed with how absolutely delicious Gaucho's camarones (shrimp) were.  I'm always weary of ordering seafood if I'm not near the coast line, with the concern for freshness.  But goddamn, these shrimps were hella succulent.  Sooo succulent.Other worthy proteins include the chorizo, chicken, and flank steak.If you're in the mood for some vegetables, Gaucho's grilled corn, and their mix of asparagus, portabello, onions, peppers, zuchinni, are also great choices.If you still need more flavor, there are 4 sauces to help enhance the experience:   1) chimmi churri (fresh herbs, garlic, extra virgin olive oil, vinegars), 2) pimenton (charred pepper, garlic, fresh herbs, extra virgin olive oil), 3) ajo (roasted garlic, fresh herbs & extra virgin olive oil), 4) cebolla (carmelized onion, rosemary, thyme, vinegars & extra virgin olive oil)Service (10/10) = Family owned business are always great.  The two brothers running this joint never fail in making you feel welcome, and are full of energy and enthusiasm for the food they prepare.Ambiance (8.0/10) = The place is small and cozy, and unfortunately there are only a handful of stools for people to sit on, as they enjoy the greatness of Gaucho.Overall Opinion = Incredible food.  Awesome service.  What more could you possibly want?  Well, my only annoyance with this place are their business hours and the very limited number of seats for people to chill out and enjoy their food.  I heard they are about to expand, so this will solve the latter issue.  Their business hours were a major influence on why it took me more than half a year after moving to Pittsburgh to finally visit this place.  It would be great if they opened until at least 8 or 9 pm.  It would also be great if they opened on Sundays.  Nevertheless, their business is thriving, and certainly not short on customers.  Like I said in the beginning of this review, Gaucho had an average of 5 stars after 100 reviews.  I now understand why.  It is TRUTH!  Now make your pilgrimage to this fine establishment in the Strip District.
5	This place is so good that I signed up for a yelp account! While traveling through PA we stopped at this gem. Unique food with flair. The service was outstanding! The atmosphere was more casual then expected, but the food did not disappoint. If I am in Pittsburgh again I will come back for sure!
5	Stopped in to Gaucho while walking around the strip. You cannot resist the wood fired smell as you pass by. The service is friendly at this small amazing Argentinian cafe. Wood- fired grilled steaks, chorizo and seafood, sandwiches , small bites and entrees. Help yourself to 4 unique sauces and a lot of great food. Don't miss Gaucho
5	When we arrived it was jam packed. I immediately thought, well this place is packed for a reason.  I was right.  The food here is phenomenal.  The sauces on the table are fresh.  Steak and chorizo are immaculate.  The atmosphere is great.  All arpund a fantastic little spot that is definitely worth every second.
4	Had steak sandwich, a little too fatty for me.  Kind of expensive.Small place, but fun.  Rest of meal was good to go. Will definitely go back.
5	Best decision I've made in recent memory. I had passed by Gaucho numerous times while in the strip and I made a mental note to try it. I was somewhat concerned it was going  to be like the Brazilian and argentine steak houses with massive amounts of meat and prices to match. Oh but how wrong I was. I came in on a Tuesday evening after deciding eating at 9pm reservation was way too late for my five year old. I was overwhelmed by all the meat options and somehow ended up getting a gaucho salad ( don't judge I love meat) after asking the charismatic chef for recommendations . My salad had fancy lettuce, avocado, roasted corn carmelized onions and other stuff . Somehow I missed that it didn't have meat . Boooo my reading skills suck. My guy ordered the rosemary steak sandwich and I tried his . My salad was good but I coveted that steak sandwich like it was salvation or an invisibility cloak. It was so tender and flavorful with great bread. This is definitely a place I'll take friends family when I wanna show them the best Pgh has to offer.
4	Smoky, meaty, authentic food.  Really amazing cuisine served up by a friendly staff.  I had the steak sandwich (rib eye) with potatoes.  There are only about 7 seats inside but also some tables on the outside.  The decor is nothing fancy, but the food is the real deal. I would give them 5 stars, but I had a half hour wait in line, then a 35 minute wait for my food.
5	Ahhhhhhmazing! I was out with some people at the history center and we all caught the hungry train so we jetted down to the strip and snuck into this place. It was crowded but the smells coming out of the kitchen were worth the rather quick wait to the register to order. There were five of us there so one person ran outside by the place to secure a spot to sit so by the time we all ordered we had enough chairs to sit down and enjoy. I got the carne sandwich with lomo and it was more than enough to fulfill my dreams. I enjoyed every bite and intend to go back to try the rest of the menu! Highly recommend!
5	Friend and I spent the afternoon in The Strip and planned to wrap it up checking out Gaucho Parrilla.We thoroughly enjoyed our first outdoor meal of the season at about 4pm on Saturday.The place is a meat haven and we had two wonderful sandwiches but we found the show-stealer to be the PROVOLETTA.  That would be grilled, aged provolone with thyme, oregano, olive oil and lemon.  Such a show stopper that the table next to us, who had finished already, asked what it was and they started all over again-- with their own order!  Oh yes, and surprise!  There was a small salad on the side.So, yes, the sandwiches were fab, but the provoletta was fab+++Almost forgot - the outside seating is complete with the firewood supply (little wagon and all) - how cool is THAT?!
5	Gaucho may be one of the best hole in the wall places in Pittsburgh. It's tiny any serves of the best beef around. They're a Argentinian meat/sandwich joint that's creating a quiet the buzz.They have a special spice blend on their meats of filet, ribeye, flank, skirt with sauces such as chimmichurri. The sandwiches come on a toasted chiabatta bread which is perfect for steak sandwiches.  The wait is long if the weather is beautiful out, but I recommend calling ahead and getting it to go. That will let you avoid the line and get your food.This past Saturday it took 1 hour to wait in line, order and get our food. A Suggestion: Have 1 person dedicated to sending out food. There's 1 person doing everything from ringing up orders, refilling sauces, refilling forks, sending out food. This slows everything down and can be frustrating when the line is extremely long. Overall, can't wait to go back to this place. Wow.
5	Beautiful food. Beautiful space. Wonderful service.Absolutely awesome concept- Argentinian meats/sandwiches/salads. We got the steak sandwich with flank (you get to chose your cut) for $12 and the rosemary beef brisket with horseradish $10 and roasted corn on the cob $2.-Steak sandwich was impeccable- amazing bread, chimichurri, high quality meat with a char that I'll be drooling about for days and deliciously grilled veggies. -Brisket sandwich was also tasty- my only complaint was that I wish there was about 3x the amount of horseradish sauce. I was so into that sauce, y'all. -Corn on da cob was amazing! Grilled to perfection and served with the husk. HUGE portions as well.I loved my experience here. I will be rushing back!
4	Tiny restaurant on the corner at the far end of the Strip District. You can smell the delicious smoke from half a block away. When you walk in the, the staff is extremely friendly and give their advice on what to order. I went hungry and left extremely full with left overs. We ordered a side of potatoes because the empanada maker was sadly out of order and this was enough for both of us to share. I ordered the rosemary braised beef with caramelized onions and horseradish sauce and it came on a nice soft roll. I will say that I wish that there was a little more horseradish but I just know for next time what to ask for. My husband ordered the rib eye with peppers, onions and chimmi churri sauce on a hard roll and he loved it. If you're looking to go as a group or to sit down, just note that there are bar stools and small counters inside. They do have outdoor seating but depending on the weather, you may just want to take your food to go or back to your office. Thoroughly impressed and would highly recommend. The smells alone will get you to walk in =)
5	First of all, our taxi driver wasn't sure where this place was when we first gave him the address. And then when we finally got there, he looked at us and said, "Well, there's people inside." We got out, looked around with some trepidation (as we're not city dwellers), shrugged our shoulders and decided to go for it, and I'm so glad we did!The place just smelled amazing, and we were really hungry! I finally settled on a salad with rib eye steak. I would have liked less fat on the steak, but it was super flavorful and a perfect compliment to the salad, which had yummy roasted/grilled veggies.We didn't realize that it was close to closing time, so they were running out of things like bread and sweet potatoes, which was bad for anyone who wanted a sandwich. I was impressed with how friendly the cashier guy was, even at the end of the day. He calmly and patiently explained the menu to newcomers (like us!). There's hardly any seating, so we were lucky to grab some seats as people left.The kitchen is open, and they keep the wood piled up in the front area, so you can see them cooking/making your food. I was thrilled to watch my salad being made oh-so-carefully by a very cute guy.We were the last patrons as they closed up for the day. They were kind enough to call a taxi for us, and when we left, the chef and his staff said thanks and goodbye as they stood outside smoking their cigarettes.
5	It's awesome!! Great service, great taste, great smell, and great atmosphere!! You must try!The indoor space is limited, and the restaurant is very popular, so try to arrive there 11:00am if you want to have lunch there on weekend.I love the shrimps and salmon (today's fish)! Sandwich and salad are also good.There are a lot I want to try, so I will go there again definitely.Do not forget to get some sauce on the table! It fit all meat!
5	This place was incredible!!! Definitely get the rosemary braised beef (especially if you like horseradish) and the surf and turf was great!!! The shrimp was cooked perfectly and flank steak was excellent. All four of their sauces went great with the meat and shrimp, I especially liked the chimichurri sauce! Really friendly staff and it's BYOB!!! Bring some extra beer (or whiskey) for the staff there and they will treat you right!!! Overall, great experience and I will definitely coming back!!!
5	Outdoor seating & BYOB.  I had high expectations of this place with all the rave reviews and 5 stars;  I was NOT disappointed.  I have a feeling that the "word" is getting out fast about this place.  Their menu was full of delicious sounding creations it was hard for us to decide.  We asked if they could just put us together some mixed grilled vegetables and meats.  That they did.  We enjoyed a platter of mixed meats with shrimp, a large salad, toasted bread, grilled vegetables and delicious sauces.  Everything was so flavorful and cooked perfectly and their home made sauces went well with everything.  The staff was super friendly and accommodating.  It was nice enough to sit outdoors and we enjoyed the atmosphere and the food.  It is a small place, some may describe as a "hole in the wall", but I disagree, it is small but, charming.  Their food is unique and tasty, tasty, tasty and BYOB, well that is just fantastic.  We will be back to try some of their other items.  YUM !!!
4	Really good steak try the steak burger.   Sauces are incredible and the price is good.
5	There is something about Gaucho that makes me drool.  Just standing outside you smell the amazing scent of  their grill and hunger takes over.  There is usually a line forming, but that's how good it is.  I'd wait an hour in line for the delicious good at Gaucho.  I ordered "Pollo con Pan" or their chicken sandwich with onions, peppers, and so much flavor that you cannot stop eating it till it's gone... Hence why I  don't have a picture :)  Their Rosemary Beef Sandwich is also amazing.  If you're going to the Strip and crave something delicious, stop at Gaucho.  If you're not in the Strip, I suggest you go and try the amazing food at Gaucho... You can thank me later.
5	Came here because of the Yelp hype...and yeah, they lived up to it.  Got garlic chorizo, chicken, and carne (filet option) sandwiches, and they were sublime.  Rich, bold flavors that complemented each other and accented the meat well. Its a small place at the end of the strip, without much seating.  I would recommend calling ahead and ordering for carryout.
5	Definitely a new favorite! The Ribeye was cooked perfectly, the fire roasted peppers and onions were delicious, all on Ciabatta bread, which is my favorite. The small plate potatoes were perfection. They have four dipping sauces that are all fire roasted and delicious! The fire roasted corn in the husk was sweet and delicious!!! When they say their food is cooked with love, that is exactly what it is. I will frequent Gaucho often!!!!
5	I was in PA over the weekend, and decided to venture into Pittsburg, but prior to going i needed a place to satisfy my meat cravings. I did a yelp search of course and the places that were popping up, i was uninspired, lo and behold i see this place Gaucho. It piqued my interest since it was Argentinian. What made this place a no-brainer to go to was the consistent 5 star ratings. Yes, my decision was done Gaucho P, it was. I was not disappointed, i wasn't going to drive 45 mins to the strip and then order a sandwich, i went big and ordered the Asada Platter, which is more than a generous portion of 5 cuts of meats, grilled and seasoned to perfection. I ordered it to go. They were out of empanadas or as they said their machine was broken. The selections the seasoning the chimmichurri sauces that i scooped up fantastic. I have had 4 meals on those meats and i intend to come here again when i am in the area. Cheers.
5	I didn't believe this place could live up to my expectations but my food was simply incredible. After much internal debate I got the skirt steak sandwich. Perfect grilled bread and tender meat at just the right temp. Service was also fantastic. The guy taking orders came out from behind the counter and gave us a thorough run down of the menu. His enthusiasm was refreshing and a great example of what service should be like.Can't wait to try this place again.
5	I work just a few doors down from this place & whenever it's open it's ALWAYS packed. I believe I've even seen the line go out the door upon a few occasions. So yea - the place is VERY good. The menu pretty much has anything you can think of from chicken, beef, pork, & fresh fish prepared in a multitude of ways... & they even will do special request orders if you don't see exactly what you want on their menu - WHAT???!!! :)Some downers, LLLOOOOONNNNGGGG line to order & to get your food. Very tightly spaced place inside & a lil more open in their tiny patio but not by much... so be ready to get your food to go & go. Some helpful pointers, CALL in advance to place your order (especially if to go) & you get I think a 10% off.. so that's really nice, HOWEVER; because they are SO busy - don't expect them to answer right away -- you may have to leave a message to get a call back or keep trying til you get thru... so yea - did I mention they're busy??? :)In all in all - it's worth it  - the food is excellent & I enjoy it immensely.
5	Really, Really, Really Good!!!I had the El Gaucho salad with Chicken.  It was awesome.  Also had the grilled corn.  It was perfect. My friend had the ribeye sandwich, it was amazing.  The roasted potatoes were great too. A hidden gem in Pittsburgh.
5	Let me start off by saying, I have eaten a lot of food in my life, mexican, latin, foreign, all types, and this by far and away is my favorite. Coming into gaucho, I wasn't exactly sure what I was expecting. Maybe the size of the restaurant made me feel a bit worried,  and that the location was a bit, unconventional. However, after Chef Kurt handed me a plate of food I was destined on devouring, I knew that th is place was one of a kind. Sure, there are other places to get steak, sure there are other latin restaurants,  but, Gaucho, is truly on another level. Having the Flank Steak, I thought a little more gristle would be on the meat. No. I was wrong. It was the most tender cut and juiciest marinated piece of meat I have ever bitten into. It was warm and inviting, with a plethora of flavors l, ones I haven't tasted before. The Strip steak, a bold taste with a thinner cut, equal parts delicious and tender. The Gaucho Papas however, blew my mind. I won't ever eat another potato chip again in my life knowing I can get a basket of Rosemary, Salt, Pepper, Paprika, Corn oil and olive oil seasoned potatoes for $2, and cooked over a wood burning grill no less. Every hot item in the restaurant is prepped over the wood grill. And it's easy to see why. Sure it takes a little more effort to keep running efficiently,  but by God is it worth it. I am proud to say not only will I be coming back, but I will be coming back with more people, more friends, and a hungrier appetite. 5 Stars easily. 10/10. If this restaurant were a woman, it would be Kate Upton. Absolute perfection.
5	The hype is real!  I think I just ate one of the best sandwiches, The Carne, I've ever had in my entire life!SUPER friendly and FUN staff!  Great menu! Generous portions!  Incredibly delicious food!  The place is a small, meat Mecca.  It offers relatively confined indoor seating or a charming, street-side patio right next to the place.  Plus, they effortlessly handled an ever-growing line of hungry customers quite quickly. Gaucho is instantly on my "favorites" list, as I can't wait to be a return customer.  Believe the hype...5 Star, Rock Stars!!
5	Since I enter this place I really like it. Gaucho is a small restaurant with really polite and warm people. The food is just amazing, one of the best I have tried in Pittsburgh. The meat is juicy and so soft, I truly recommended. The corn is just  barbecued perfectly.
5	There is no way to overestimate how good this place is. The steak sandwiches are juicy and delicious. We've tried the filet mignon, ribeye and skirt steak sandwiches and it really just comes down to what cut you prefer. We tried the provoletta and it should not be missed, grilled and melty sharp provolone is placed atop grilled ciabatta bread, it's as delicious as it sounds. The house made sauces are amazing, this trip we bought a container to bring home with us. The place is small so either eat off hours, plan on waiting for a table outside or get it to go. Eat here now.
5	Hands down, best sandwich I have ever had.  Carne Sandwich with Skirt Steak is my go to.  Perfectly cooked steak on fluffy ciabatta that soaks up all of the goodness.  Topped with caramelized onions and roasted red peppers.The staff is always friendly, no matter how busy it is... and man can it be busy on the weekends.  Call ahead to order and you dont have to wait in the long line.  The owner is very cool, gave me a beer once (its BYOB but he had a growler of some East End Big Hop), which was awesome.  Plus, they have dog bones for a buck that my dog goes absolutely crazy for... sorta like I do for the sammie.Get there... it is worth it!
5	Most flavorful steak I've ever had in my entire life.
5	Today was our first time here and from the service to the food to the decor of the tiny place we give it 5 stars! This is a must visit if you are in Pittsburgh. I highly recommend the con pan Carne with skirt steak! Yum
5	Dang well deserving of the five stars. Sat outside, BYO B, awesome staff who was enthusiastic, and some of the best meat I've ever had in my life. 10/10 would take a detour into Pitt again just for the steak.
5	Great steak and great sandwich. You can smell the grill upon entering the restaurant. First time I had a great fish sandwich. All the herbs are fresh too. The staff is friendly. Not too much can be said since our experiences have always been great. Maybe they should stock up on corn so they don't run out when business is good.
4	I couldn't help noticing that I was the only female in line on a busy Friday lunch hour.  I guess it makes some sense since this is place is known for their steak sandwich and men love their meat.  Since I'm not much of a beef eater, I went with the small plate of shrimp (carones) and the potatoes (papas).  The shrimp and potatoes were lightly seasoned but you could definitely taste the fire grilled taste - YUM!I'm a big fan of grilled food so this is a place to keep in mind when you have a craving for some fired food!  They do have a selection of sauces and I got to try a few of them (can't remember the names) - the one I liked the best had cilantro and chillies...it was also the one that was nearly done so it must be popular.  Next time I go, I'd like to try the grilled veggie sandwich!
5	I was sold on this place the minute I walked in the door and was greeted by the heavenly aroma of grilled meats.  If I had it to do all over again, I would order differently; but this place is awesome.   I ordered the skirt steak sandwich, the grilled corn, and the fried potatoes.  All were absolutely delicious!   So why would I order differently?  One - because I'd want to try more stuff.   But mostly because I ordered way too much food and I'd prefer something a little easier to eat.   The sandwich was great.  Flavorful, and nicely commplimented by charred red peppers and onions.   The ciabatta bread was a nice choice, but skirt steak is a tougher cut, which perhaps would have been better in a non-sandwich form.   It was tasty, but really hard to eat.   Next time, I would order the filet or something that is a little more tender - or get it in a salad or something.   The corn was served with the folded back husk as a handle.   Would absolutely order that again.  The potatoes were also good, but completely unnecessary.  The sandwich and the corn were more than enough.  Overall, this place is a winner.  Not good for groups, since it is tiny.  Maybe six seats inside and eight tables outside.   Staff members weree super friendly and took the time to explain everything - including the four complimentary sauces (all of which were good).
5	What an amazing restaurant. A few friends & I decided to stop here after walking around in the strip. I ordered the steak burger with avocado & bacon. The staff was so nice & can educate you on the food you're ordering. My friends & I sat outside on their patio - beautiful day outside. The burger I got was amazing. I will rave about it forever. It was juicy, wood fire grilled & I watched the cook cut the avocado that went on my burger. Everything was so fresh. 5 million stars for this place!!! I only wish it was bigger.
5	Gaucho is beyond awesome. The meat is high-quality product, over-the-top well prepared. The staff is enthusiastic about what they do. The whole experience is like going to a good friend's house, discovering that some of your other friends have also come over, and then being served implausibly good food.
2	Well, I suppose I'm going to be the voice of dissent here, but I was Not Impressed with this place. Being of partial Latin American descent (Guatemalan, but Mom spent part of her childhood in Buenos Aires), I am no stranger to grilled meats in this style, to chimichurri, to elotes- this is the food of the summers of my childhood.However, that food my father would so lovingly slave over the grill preparing for us differed from what I experienced at Gaucho in two ways: it was cooked properly, and even more importantly, IT WAS SEASONED.My daughter and I hit up Gaucho on a Thursday afternoon for lunch. I had heard great things, and it smelled wonderful, so we were super excited. On a recommendation from a friend, we ordered the Matambre (flank steak), Gaucho Papas (roasted potatoes), and the Gaucho Salad. With a drink and tip this came to about $25. NOT a cheap lunch, but you pay for good food, right?The wait for the food was long, but we thought it'd be worth it, and their patio is really very pleasant. Oh- and we loaded up on condiments, including chimichurri (an herb/garlic vinaigrette that is essential to any Latin steak meal) and some cebolla (a similar combo but with caramelized onions instead of herbs).So, the food finally came and upon the first glance I noticed that the flank steak was cut VERY sloppily, with connective tissue visible throughout. Secondly, the inside of the cuts were so rare that they were practically blue and still mooing. Listen, I yell at people who order even MEDIUM done steak. This was beyond rare. So rare and connective-y that most of it was hard to chew. And to add insult to injury, it lacked any seasoning. Nothing. So, I tried the chimi and the cebolla. Equally bland. I mean, like, no damned seasoning at all. I never reach for a salt shaker, but boy, I was looking for one to attempt to make these expensive strips of tough tartare edible. It was shocking how tasteless everything was, but I especially was floored about the chimichurri. Chimi should be a veritable palate explosion of fresh parsley, garlic, vinegar and citrus. This was not... that. Absolutely awful.The potatoes were seasoned, and hot. We liked those.The salad was not a $7 salad. Unseasoned, with just a few drops of balsamic vinegar, and some very brown and sad avocado slices. Also bad.Perhaps we didn't order the right things, perhaps it was an off day, but as a Latina, I am absolutely astonished at the widespread love this place gets. Pittsburgh seems to never get Latin American food right (with an exception for the tacos at Las Palmas), and it is a damned shame that a place as mediocre (or even poor) as Gaucho has people jumping for joy. If only you folks knew how good this food really can be. I wish I could have you all over for the real deal.
5	Surprise, surprise...  another five star review!It's worthy of the hype. Go here, immediately. And bring a growler of your favorite beer or a bottle of wine. We ordered the steak sandwich (filet cut) with the grilled corn, along with the rib eye platter. Both were cooked and flavored perfectly. Which is a "shame"  because their sauces are out of this world (still managed to use them to dip the bread). Speaking of the bread... it's wonderful. A perfectly baked ciabatta, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The staff was extremely friendly, and clearly loved their jobs. The manager walked around and asked everyone how their meals and experiences were, and was quite friendly. Can I go back now?
5	My favorite dream is when I eat 15 of these steak sandwiches covered in every sauce.
5	I had to check this place called Gaucho out and I did read a ton of reviews on here. I also had a friend who kept telling me to try it. So, you all did a great job.  Let me give some kudos to the staff. They could see it was my "maiden voyage" in the shop and they were helpful and informative.I went with the Carne Steak sandwich with NY strip in it. They add fried onions, red bell pepper and a special steak sauce. It was delish! I added a side of potatoes and loaded up on some sauces. I can't wait to go back and try another dish.
5	You've already heard that the sandwiches are great, so I'll focus on the other aspects.  There was obviously thought put into the decor and the design of the space.  There's lots of great decorative accents and fixtures throughout.  It's a small space, but super cute.  The patio area also looked very cozy.Customer service was also great!!  Personally, I was really confused by the chalkboard menu.  I had no idea what any of the categories were!  I had to ask the cashier, "Which ones are your sandwiches???" and "What's all the other stuff?"  She was super friendly and was more than happy to explain their menu to me.  When my sandwich was ready, the manager(?) brought me my sandwich and was also very friendly and even took the time to explain their sauces to me.  Seriously, I was very impressed by the customer service!!  Not because they made any huge gestures, but it was the very genuine, unhurried, and unpretentious attitude and treatment that I received.  (We all know what it's like to walk into the new hot spot/hipster hangout and get the typical unimpressed and unfriendly customer service...)Now on to the sandwiches!!  I've had their infamous steak/carne sandwich before and it was delicious!  Even as leftovers!  So, this time I tried the Rosemary beef sandwich.  Also very good, but could have done with a little more horsey sauce in my opinion.  There's a big chunk of meat, so luckily I had taken the suggestions of the staff at Gaucho and gotten a little bit of the ojo sauce to add to my sandwich.  All the other items looked so yummy! I can't wait to come with more people to try all the sides and options.  If you haven't already given Gaucho Parrilla a try, make sure to stop by the next time you're at the strip!  It's also on the end of the strip, so that makes it an easy stop for lunch if you work dowtown!
5	nothing else to say about this place except that it is awesome. everything is great.
4	Great ambience. Friendly, knowledgable staff. Fast service. I tried the El Gaucho, which was delicious but I must confess kind of small for $10 that I paid for it (ordered the large). Will definitely go back. I can't wait to try the steak!
5	We were supposed to visit friends today and they were going to treat us to a special dinner they were going to make but they had the flu or the crud or something ... so instead we went to Gaucho and had a SCRUMPTIOUS meal to help assuage our disappointment. Man, was it good! This little place is a gem and the short wait in line was really worth it. We had carne of filet mignonette and rosemary carbones accompanied by simple toasted 'taters with bacon. The sauces -- all fresh made and take as much as you want -- were indescribable. This place is killer. And the best part? We're going to send the bill to our "sick" friends and they'll never even know it was for us because they're so ill. They won't have a clue. Hahaha.
5	4.5 stars.  Flat out incredible.  I drove out of my way about 45 minutes to find a good place for lunch in Pittsburg and yelp hooked me up big time with this place.  Very small place that smells like heaven should smell like...beautiful food fired beef.  The ribeye platter was awesome and they season everything so perfectly.  Nothing here is lacking flavor.  The only reason why I knocked it down to 4.5 was the cooking temp of the ribeye.  I don't think they cook temp to order (I didn't ask, however) and everything seems to be cooked to med well.  If it was cooked to med rare I probably would have asked to sleep on the roof indefinitely.   The grilled corn was probably the best corn I've ever had and the potatoes were phenomenal - big seasoning there too.  My wife ordered the turkey sandwich and it really was special too.  Everything here is just very high quality and well prepared.  Let me say - the best thing possibly about this place are the 4 sauces they have sitting out that you can put on anything.  They are just dynamite.  We tried all the sauces on just about everything.  It really put the meal over the top.   If you are looking for lunch in the area and you go elsewhere you are cheating yourself.
4	I was walking from the hotel out to Primanti Brothers in the Strip District when I noticed this little restaurant. "Hey, it's new to me," I thought. "Let's try it!" I'd never been to an Argentinian place before but fortunately, the menu lists all the ingredients for each entree. I had Bife de Chorizo, one of the steak platters. I thought it was pretty good and decently seasoned. I also enjoyed the special condiments from the condiments bar.
5	In town for a visit from a Maryland. Decided to venture to Gaucho for the Carne sandwich. It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Also enjoyed the papas, in all of the 4 different sauces, and the spicy chorizo.  This will become a regular stop when in the area.
4	Let me start by saying that I am Argentine.  I recently moved to Pittsburgh and I was VERY hesitant to eat here.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The Chorizo is not authentic Argentine Chorizo, but the Chimichuri, and the steak sandwich was phenomenal.  The service was great and the menu was quite impressive considering the size of the restaurant.  I will be back for sure.
5	Yelp led me here... THANK YOU!! This has to be one of the BEST sandwiches I have ever had. You can smell the wood burning stove before you see the place! And it smells like heaven! They have a lovely little patio that uses their wood pile as a backdrop. Inside is small but the space is used wisely. It has minimal but special decor. There is a huge overwhelming (read-you will want it all) chalkboard of choices.  At the island in the middle are 4 sauces that pair with all of the food nicely.  I am not sure what they are exactly, but each one was better than last!!  The girl at the register was very helpful and explained what things were and gave a helpful suggestion for a fist timer. I placed my order for the filet mignon, roasted red pepper, caramelized onion on ciabatta with a sauce... The owner/manager brought it out and chatted with me a little about the concept and the space.   He even "apologized" in advance for the cravings I would have!  I thought we will see.... He was not lying!! I told my husband the next day I wanted to go again! It is that good!!!  You will be very glad you tried it! I can't wait to go again! I want to try the roasted corn!
5	Luckily walked to Primanti Bros. after a Pirates game and on the way there, my nose picked up the magical aroma of wood smoke. Popped my head in and found they opened at 11 for the next days lunch.You can smell the smoke from outside and once you walk in it's amplified. The inside is small with my a dozen seats. The menu is written on a chalkboard on the wall, full of tough choices. We decided on the rosemary braised beef sandwich , corn and sweet potatoes. The sandwich was enormous and amazing. The corn and sweet potatoes were cooked over an open fire and also delicious. I will definitely return next visit!
5	Wouldn't have known about it if it wasn't for Yelp. Believe the hype. This place kicks serious butt. I'd drive hours out of my way to eat here again. The skirt steak is to die for the homemade sauces are ridiculous.
5	Long wait, but totally worth it. Everything we ate was seasoned perfectly. Price is very reasonable. The sauces are perfect, especially the chimmichuri. The only negatives are 1) the wait and 2) how small and cramped it can get. Think of it like the ultimate food truck. You order your food, then take it to the seating area behind the restaurant. Had to wait about 40 minutes for our food. Probably wouldn't have minded so much, had we been seated and sipping on a brew.
5	I am not one for hyperbole.  But damn, Gaucho Parrilla prepared one of the best sandwiches I have ever had in my life.  Please do yourself a favor and check this place out.  The food was spectacular.  I had the Steak Burger and an empanada.  The empanada was just OK in my opinion.  I have never been one for Argentine style empanadas so this is probably just bias, still the sandwich was so good I had to give this place 5 stars. I went with a couple of co workers and we all kind of sat around in contemplative silence when we finished, brains working hard to recall a better sandwich.   We all had different sandwiches but left with the same feeling, so I would say feel free to try any, these guys take real pride in what they prepare.  I look forward to going back there today and check out another item on the menu before leaving Pitt.
5	Great service, incredible food and very experienced staff! You can't find this anywhere else in Pittsburgh.
5	Drove through Pittsburgh from NYC to Memphis. Looked up on yelp the best rated place that would be open, in the area and $$. This amazing little gem was the only one with 5 stars and it definitively deserved it's 5 stars. Nice staff, super good and charming environment.
5	Incredible food, by far my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Usually I need extreme spice to enjoy my food whether in the form of peppers or hot sauce but the medley of flavors in these dishes is perfect and no spice is necessary! The braised beef with horseradish is a must try and any of the salads with any of the steaks (i love the flank). New on the menu are the scallops, which I love more than anything they serve, especially the fresh grapefruit mixed in with the seafood dish. I could go on but essentially anything I've ordered at this place has been phenomenal. And they now have outdoor seating as opposed to just the small space available inside.
5	I've had basically everything on the menu here. I suggest getting a sandwich, it is truly one of the greatest I have ever had. The veggies are a must too. This place just blows it out of the water every time. Affordable and amazing. One of the best places to eat in the city, hands down.
5	Upon reading the other reviews, we headed straight here. "No way could a place be this good!" we said. Our minds are blown. This place is fantastic. When in doubt, stick to simple meat dishes which is what they do best (we had carne sandwich with filet mignon, empanadas and mushroom appetizer). Simplicity and beauty. This place is a must.
5	Top five sandwiches I've had anywhere in the world. Chicken or beef. Doesn't matter everything is awesome.
4	I was really looking forward to this place since we recently moved from Philly and would love a good sandwich.  We ordered the sandwich with filet, side of potatoes and the side of rice.  The staff was really friendly and helpful.  I wish the sauces had a description written down on the menu or somewhere so you know what's in them.  They were all full of flavor.The flavors in the sandwich were really good.  The onion, meat and bread together tasted great.  The meat was seasoned and cooked well.  The wood flavor is really enjoyable.  What I didn't like was that the sandwich was hard to eat because the meat was hard to eat.  If they sliced the meat thinner it would be easier to eat.Overall, good sandwich but meat is hard to eat.  Great staff!
5	Holy SHITE. I ordered a chicken sandwich with 2 sides and left feeling guilty. Like I took too much from the universe. As if I hit an unhealthy level of bliss. It made me feel dirty in a way.
5	Amazing!! Safe to say this is the best lunch I've ever had. I got a perfectly cooked steak sandwich. Try it with the sauces! Large portion and great price too. I can't wait until I'm back in town to eat there again!
5	Popped in while looking for a quick bite. This place is simply amazing. Isabel was great in guiding us towards the beast meats and explained in detail the different cuts.We opted for flank steak with fungos and vegetables and we couldn't be more happy. Great meal, best in Pittsburgh so far!
5	Excellent! Excellent! Great meat and great flavor. Even the vegetables were grilled to perfection. And an incredibly friendly and helpful staff! I look forward to eating there again!
5	Amazing! There is really nothing I can say about this place that hasn't already been said. All I can do is agree with every single wonderful life changing sentiment. It's really that good. It must be owned by magical unicorns.
5	After reading about how great his restaurant was, my girlfriend and I went here and have been making it a monthly destination since.While the seating situation isn't really optimal, the quality of food and the attitude of the people working there really makes up for it.There's something great about having an expertly cooked steak sandwich while you smell the wood that they use to fire their grills.The food is a little on the expensive side, but as long as you can get a seat it's definitely worth it to come here.I'd recommend coming a bit off of normal eating hours since it quickly gets mobbed on the weekends.
5	Delicious fresh food at a reasonable price. The pollo was so tender and flavorful. There is limited space, but it's worth the wait.
5	Allow me to chime in with the chorus of praise for Gaucho. My wife and I came here a few nights back. We enjoyed the flank steak (inexplicably cheaper than skirt, though the flank is higher quality in my opinion) and grilled vegetables. Clean plates, not a straggler left. The guys running the joint had great personality and a friend/customer/? had brought in some homebrew to share with the crowd. I would have given them five stars without the free beer, but it sure as hell doesn't hurt. Highly recommended.
5	So what good is another 5-star review? But I must review it- I'm obsessed with this place! I tried it for the first time a few weeks ago, and I took crazy pictures and sent it to all my friends. I told them they had to visit just for the sandwich alone!The steak sandwich is truly their best thing. It's grilled and seasoned perfectly! Although they have a sauce station, it really isn't necessary. The broiche bun is also chewy, and it doesn't get soggy. The papas (potatoes) are done well, and the grilled corn- a must as well.I loved, loved it. I've had similar offerings in other major cities, and this is one of best sandwiches I've tried. Who knew that Pittsburgh had the best Argentinian steak sandwich?Oh yeah, BYOB with no corking fee. Score!
5	I had an absolutely incredible salad with shrimp.  The only downside was the lack of seating during lunch, but good for them!  Fast, reasonably prices, delicious!
5	Outstanding meat. I've been there twice, and I ordered the small flank steak plate both times. I wish I could say I'm going to branch out in the future, but it's so flavorful that I can't make that promise. The small portion is definitely enough for dinner if you have a moderate appetite. To round out the meal, order an appetizer. I've had the jamon plate with goat cheese (delicious), the roasted corn (delicious), and the fungos. The mushroom portion was a bit scant for 5$, but they tasted great in combination with the meat.I definitely recommend stocking up on sauces while you wait for your food - the ajo is my favorite. Beware that there is essentially no/very little seating at the restaurant. If you can snag a table outside that's great, otherwise there is just a little counter space inside.My one complaint is that there were a ton of flies on the patio area the first evening I was there. They were gross and distracted from the experience - but the food was good enough that I went back a second time within two weeks. BYOB.
5	There is no way you can give this restaurant less than a 5 star. This is obviously a must place to visit if you are in Pittsburgh.
5	What a wonderful place to catch in the strip district! When in Pittsburgh this is a must have stop. You will always hear the typical if having the Pittsburgh staple Primanti sandwich but this is also one heavy delicious sandwich. I had the ribeye sandwich with grilled corn and it was the best steak sandwich I've ever had. The employees there are also wonderful! Very friendly and fun atmosphere. It is a small location but if you can catch a seat outside then I would recommend  to do so.
3	Had the rosemary shrimp, grilled veggies, and the rosemary beef brisket. It was good but there are better places to stop in Pittsburgh. Sit outside and make sure you grab some spices if you want them. It's BYOB too.
5	In town from Los Angeles, where there have been some really excellent Argentinian restaurants over the years (in particular the Gaucho Grill).  Stop the presses!  The Gaucho Parrilla Argentina is the new champ, lucky those of you who live in Pittsburgh, or are visitors!I had the half Pollo, with the roasted potatoes, and the delicious selection of chimichurri (Mr. Atkinson, you have some competition).  The prices were reasonable, the portions generous.  Can't wait to return!!!
5	Believe the hype. Totally authentic vibe. Incredible smokey, grilled flavors. Delicious sauces and seasonings. This is a meat-lovers paradise.
2	I go against the grain. I thought it was an amazingly salty place. I had my month worth of dietary sodium all in one sitting. Still don't know why if it is a steak place they don't ask how a customer prefers his meat like rare medium or well done.???
4	Very good meats. With such a high rating, we had to try this place. It wasn't very busy, but we did show up half an hour before they closed. The person taking our order did a great job of answering all of our questions. The menu was on a chalk board and there were some things that didn't have an explanation of what they were/what was in them. They were out of bread, so there was no bread for sandwiches or to accompany the plates.I ordered the flank steak plate. The meat was seared well to lock in the juices. It was very juicy and tender with a wonderful crispy outside. It could have been fine on its own, but I couldn't pass up the flavors in the sauces they have available as condiments. They made fantastic accents to the meat. Since they didn't have bread to accompany the meal, I got a bowl of saffron rice. I thought it was pretty bland. I traded a piece of flank steak for a piece of NY Strip on my colleague's plate. They NY Strip was just as good if not slightly better.
5	So yummy!!! The best burgers in town for sure. Lots of flavor but not oily. The price is also affordable.
5	Oh.my.god.  Yes!This place smells AMAZING as you walk up to it, I was excited before entering bc I knew it was going to be good.The place is tiny inside.  There's outdoor seating, but it was raining, and there are maybe 8 bar stool spots indoors.  So there's that, but that doesnt take away from the 5 star rating, and I overheard someone say they are moving into a larger space next door.My father ordered the ribeye with a side of mushrooms, and I had the flank steak sandwich.  Both were amazing.  Smoky, moist, flavorful, these adjectives sound so creepy used together but it was like a cornucopia of delicious on my place.I can't believe I haven't been here sooner.  I declared that from now on, I only eat at Gaucho but then my bank account was like, "LOL, no."This place isn't cheap but who wants discount meat?Don't even get me started about the chimmichurri sauce.  It was divine.  You need to eat here, trust me.
5	Unbelievably good. I had the flank steak and roasted vegetables. The steak was thinly sliced, pink in the center and a great, salty, smokey bark and delicious sauces. The veggies were charred beautifully and drizzled with balsamic vinegar. Caramelized onions, asparagus, tomatoes and zucchini. We went at 6:30 on a Tuesday and there was no wait. Staff was super friendly and helpful. We ate out on a nice patio lined with plants and firewood. I'm from out of town but I will definitely make a point of returning.
5	Just what this place needs... another 5 star review.  What can I say?The people working are super nice and sweetThe meat is out of this world incredibleThe sauces make you meltThe bread is squishy and chewy and full of flavorThe veggies are crisp and grilled to perfectionBelieve the hype.  Go there now!
5	This place is amazing!!! We were at pittsburgh for a conference and found this place on yelp with 5/5 rating! It is absolutely one of the best restaurants i have ever tried! I had the flank steak and it was great!!!
5	What's a Baltimore girl doing while shes driving 5 hours to get to Pittsburgh? She's dreaming about the amazing food she's going to get once she finally makes it to Gaucho. This is my first stop as soon as I get into the city. And it almost made me move there. The smell as soon as you get within a block is incredible. The firewood stacked along all the walls scream of authenticity, and the people who work there are so cool. I'm a fan of the steak burger, and its been consistently good. Last time I had it with some bacon, and the bacon was way overcooked to the point of being charcoal. I would say to stick to veggie toppings on the burger, but it wasn't egregous enough for me to knock off a star, and I'm sure that if I had said something they would have fixed it immediately.A word of caution, it does get hot inside. Great for the winter, not as fun in the summer.
5	So another positive review of this place?YES. The steak is so good. Seasoned perfectly and cooked just right. I got the steak sandwich with NY strip steak. It was a lot of food and was delicious. My wife got the flank steak on a plate and about ate the plate that came with it. The yellow rice unfortunately left something to be desired. It was bland and relatively flavorless but the steak more than made up for it. There are other meats on the list as well but I don't know if I will ever try them because of how good the steak is. Mmmmmmmm.
5	Excellent quality meats and food. Very friendly staff as well. Not big so it's either a take out place or you can eat on the patio outside if it's nice out.
5	My boyfriend and I were passing through Pittsburgh on the way to the airport and needed lunch. Thanks to yelp, we went to Gaucho and were extremely happy. Between the two of us, we had the hanger steak, rosemary braised beef sandwich, steak empanadas, and maiz. Everything was delicious, we will definitely be going back if we are ever in Pittsburgh again. The place is quaint and cute, the staff very friendly. I highly recommend!
5	It does not get any better for me than a piece of flavorful meat. I had the Carne with Hanger and Flank. My taste buds aren't that sophisticated so I can't tell you what the taste differences are though one was a little more chewy than the other. However that aside my mouth was singing with each bite of the sandwich. I also had to try all of the sauces available. My favorite was the Chimi which had a nice kick. The staff were incredibly friendly and I sat outside in the sun. Credit cards and oh hey diet rootbeer is available too!
5	So...wow. Normally, I write lengthy reviews on food, service, aesthetics, atmosphere, etc., but I will get right to the point. This place is amazing in every way. Go.
5	If you're one of those people that enjoys finding unsuspecting, delicious, hole in the wall places... you will LOVE Gaucho. Settled in an unsuspecting part of the Strip District, it is a restaurant full of vibrant food, and people to match.Don't expect to sit inside, there are only about 5 or 6 seats to choose from. I got the El  Pavo sandwich with grilled corn and it cost me about $14. Not bad!The staff seemed excited to see us and were genuinely happy to be there. They checked up on us outside to make sure we were happy with everything. I didn't get to take a picture-- I was too busy enjoying the meal :)TL;DR -- Great food, Great staff. Food with integrity. A must go-to in Pittsburgh!
5	Despite being a non-beef eater, Gaucho has been on my radar for ages, and I finally made it in tonight.  Ironically, I wasn't planning to come here--I was actually planning to go to a Mexican place in Lawrenceville.  However, a bike path closure forced me to detour onto Smallman St., and I soon found myself in the heart of the Strip District at the corner of 21st.  A quick glance at my nearby bookmarked restaurants at 6:30pm indicated that most of them were closed, but that Gaucho was open for another half hour.  I realized this was my golden opportunity to try it, so after riding down a sketchy alleyway and parking my bike, in I walked.  If this wasn't serendipity, I don't know what is.As I suspected, it wasn't busy, given how close it was to closing time.  Upon being greeted by a guy by the register, I mentioned that this was my first time visiting, and he explained that there isn't table service, but that I could order off the chalkboard menu.  I mentioned that I knew they were known for their steak sandwich, but that I didn't eat beef, and he explained how the turkey and chicken sandwiches differed.  Based on his description, I decided to try the chicken (pollo) sandwich with some grilled corn on the cob (maiz).  He mentioned that they were out of caramelized onions, but that he could put something else on instead, such as asparagus.  I love asparagus, so I told him that sounded like a great idea.My order took about 10 min. to come up.   As I was waiting, I overheard the guy who'd waited on me speak to some customers seated at the counter.  He told them how he started working there and became the manager, and how some of the menu offerings were developed.  He also mentioned that he liked everything on the menu.  It was clear that he has a great sense of pride in the business!When my order came up, I took it outdoors to the small patio adjoining the restaurant to eat, after getting some water, utensils, and all of the sauces.  After taking the obligatory photos, I tucked in.  It was delicious!  The meat on the sandwich was so tender, it melted in my mouth, and the asparagus and mushrooms were perfectly grilled.  The bread was fresh, chewy, and substantial.  Although the sandwich came with some ajo (garlic) sauce on it, I added some more, as well as some of the red pepper sauce and the cebolla (onion) sauce.  The corn made for a great accompaniment to the sandwich, esp. with all of the sauces drizzled on it.  The employees were even kind enough to give me two ears instead of the normal one, either because they were small or due to it being near the end of serving hours.Aside from making occasional small noises (mmm, etc.), I'm pretty sure I didn't come up for air when eating.  Given that they were deep in conversation for most of the time I was eating, I don't know if the couple seated on the patio noticed me, but if they did, they probably nicknamed me something like "Hungry" due to my rabid and shifty-eyed devouring of the food.  Indeed, that food was so good, I'm glad I came alone so I didn't have to be embarrassed about my ravenousness or making a mess with the sauces!  You know the food's great when you don't want any distractions!
4	Great place to eat! Love their food we had a great experience and will be back again.
5	I don't feel the need to say anything more than what has already been said time and time again about this place.  The best steak sandwich I have ever had.  Period.  Ribeye steak sandwich, don't mess around, put chimichurri on it.  The end.
5	I have been following this restaurant for a while. I can remember when it had about 60 reviews at a solid five stars. And now it's over 200 and its 5-star rating hasn't budged. Finally got a chance to visit today. I had the pollo sandwich and grilled corn.It was incredibly good. Reviews are hands-down accurate. You must go. That is all.
5	FYI: This place is where to be.  The quaint counter style and simplicity of the interior have nothing in connection with the robust flavors and complex meals.  The employees are helpful when ordering and have great suggestions.  AND they have Coke in a bottle.  I ate the hanger steak and mushroom.  I got the small portion of both and still had almost a whole meal left.BYOB if you are to eat there.  Be careful, there is limited seating, but the outside area is welcoming when it is nice out.   Do yourself a favor and check it out.
5	Probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. A must try is the steak - which you can get in any cut - on toasted ciabatta with the roasted veggies, add avocado and dip heavily into any of their 4 luscious housemade chimmichurries. Amazing. I Can only eat half and save the rest for a later snack or meal :)
4	You want to know what I really appreciate about this meat-centric restaurant?  The sauces!!!   I have been to other churrascaria-style or meat oriented restaurants here and in other parts of the US ( I'm not going to mention names...One local one starts with G) and to ingest a plate full of potential heart attack substances without additional flavoring is ridiculous.  I know that some of you purists are going to say that the quality of the meat should speak for itself, but I don't agree. Just like I like my coffee with a flavored creamer, I want my meat with a lil sumthin, sumthin on the side. (Much like a an adulterer , but I digress...) This place has not one, not two, not three, but FOUR different sauces that you mix and match and slather/dip/gently brush/bathe your freshly grilled meats in.  I love that!I have been hearing about this restaurant for a while, but it kind of dropped off of my radar for more than a minute.  (So many restaurants, so little money) but now that I'm back to my weekly habit of visiting the Strip District, I decided to stop in.  I noticed that the menu wasn't expansive, but I still had a problem deciding what I wanted to eat...Del Mar (Of the Sea) or De La Tierra (Gaucho's interpretation - Not of the Sea!)  Hmmm, meat platter, seafood platter, sammich, what to do?  After much time and deliberation, I decided to go with the Rosemary Braised Beef sandwich, Maiz (Grilled Corn on the Cobb) and two steak empanadas.  I also scarfed up samples of each of the sauces.    Call me Vampire Killer because I love garlic and that Ajo (garlic) sauce is drinkable in my opinion.  The chimichurri sauce and the cebolla (onion) sauce were also excellent.  The Rosemary Braised Beef was smoky, flavorful, tender and well balanced with the addition of caramelized onions and horseradish sauce. (Yeah, I know another sauce...but it was good!)  All corn should be grilled and seasoned the way Gaucho does it.  The only downer that I had was the steak empanada.  I bought two, one for myself and one for my daughter Muff and they were a little dry and overwhelmed by the taste of olives.  I love olives, but the olive taste wasn't balanced out by other flavors, so it was just bien. (okay).After I raved about the restaurant to my sister, I had to take her there this past Saturday.  Not only did I reorder the same sandwich and grilled corn, I tasted some of my sister's Gaucho Papas (Seasoned Roasted Potatoes) Ay, Papi were they good!  Service at Gaucho's was extremely friendly and welcoming, with the staff more than willing to explain everything about their menu in detail.  The place is minutely small and you have to go outside to change your mind.  (The size of the place and empanadas is my only reason for a 4 rating)All in all though, a very wonderful experience and you can't go wrong with the food there.  Besos (kisses) to the chefs and owners!
5	AMAZING FOOD!!! Sauces were fresh and yummy. Would go every week if I ever moved to Pittsburgh!!!
5	We visited Gaucho Parrilla Argentina on Saturday, parking was difficult, probably because we are not familiar with the area. We decided to go to Gaucho Parrilla because of the great YELP reviews. Well, they are not wrong! I had the NY strip and my boyfriend had one of the sausage and onion sandwiches. Everything was amazing! The flavor in everything is wonderful and could be described as wood-charred. We ate outside on the patio directly next door to the small building and the waiter brought both our food and utensils to us. We would love to go again. Excellent service, and wonderful food. The best price for a great steak.
5	You have to come here! We had a couple of flank steak sandwiches. Very well seasoned, you can tell steak was marinated overnight. On great chibada bread with peppers and onions. Small place but they know what there doing!
5	Not only delicious, affordable food, but an incredibly pleasant staff. Looking forward to their expansions as the only problem right now is the lack of seating. I would avoid it during the peak lunch hours as you will have to wait a decent amount of time.Favorite is the skirt steak sandwich with a side of corn.
2	Great food. Bad service. When we came in, granted it was 30 minutes before closing, the man behind the counter said "not like we are about to close or anything". I was very put off by this on my first experience. The food was great but a bad overall experience.
5	OUTSTANDING. This trendy little place lived up to the hype and was the highlight of my trip to Pittsburgh. For $12-20 you'll enjoy a prime cut of phenomenal steak, served with a deliciously simple salad and bread. Our first bites had my buddy and I shaking our heads in disbelief. Soooo good. The chimchurri sauces (4 different kinds) are simple, fresh and wonderful; these are a MUST to get the full spectrum of flavor.Brand-wise, these guys are doing everything right. They've shown a lot of attention to detail, from the sleek wooden plates to the chalkboard walls and hand-stamped take-out bags. My favorite part, however, was the staff. They were COOL AS #*(%. We came in on off-peak hours and pretty much the whole kitchen greeted us. The manager was obviously as passionate about food as he is about the restaurant. He energetically talked us through the whole menu and spent a good 10 minutes giving us the scoop on other great restaurants when we asked for local recommendations. Seriously loved Gaucho's.
5	Absolutely love this place.  I've been going for a year or so now, and every time the food is fantastic.  The steak sandwiches are their main gig, but I highly recommend the braised beef sandwich as well.  The sides are delicious and the outdoor seating is perfect.  Great job, guys!
5	Best sandwich in the city! I know we pittsburghers typically go after something with fries and slaw on it, but this is one sandwich that doesn't leave me reaching for fillers. Everything you need is in the delicious meats! Not a meat eater? (Why?) Try the veggie plate! Seasoned to perfection and happily drowned in an amazing sauce! Can't say enough good things about Gaucho!
5	Sooooooo delicious whether you like meat or veggies. I've been in Pittsburgh a couple of times for business, and I try to make a stop here since I found out about this place thru yelp reviews last year.Amazing sandwich combinations and quality meats. The last time I was there I got the Rosemary Braised Beef sandwich, and it was absolutely delicious. Managed to finish the hefty sandwich because how tasty it was. Side veggies drizzled in balsamic vinegar was really good too. Definitely stop by this place if you're in town. Staff is super friendly too. I really didn't think Pittsburgh was such a culinary city.
5	There's really nothing I could say that hasn't already been said about the great food this place has. Oh wait, they don't take Amex! Lol. Great food!
5	You can only log into Yelp so many times and see Gaucho listed on the main page as a "Best Restaurant" with a zillion 5 stars reviews before you start to feel like you might be missing out. I get it Yelp, I need to go to Gaucho. So to Gaucho I went.The place is tiny with limited seating, but we went around 6:30 on a week night, and it was perfect...still quite a few customers, but not overwhelmingly busy at all. I ordered the pulled chicken sandwich and my husband got the rosemary braised beef -- it was described on the menu simply as "f**kin fantastic", which we got a kick out of. Then we split the veggie empanada, grilled corn, and potatoes as sides.So, let's talk about this food. In this case I can only channel Janice from "Friends" and say OH. MY. GOD.  Have you ever been legitimately sad when your meal is over and all of your food is gone and wished that it was socially appropriate to order a second dinner? That is how I felt about my meal at Gaucho. The pulled chicken sandwich had tender, melt-in-your-mouth chicken, sweet caramelized onions, crunchy, well-seasoned potatoes, and meaty mushrooms, all mixed with their KILLER garlic ajo sauce and served on bread that was just the right balance of chewy and crispy. I didn't know it was possible for so many textures and flavors to be combined so perfectly into one delicious bite, but Gaucho managed to do it. As for the sides, the hands down favorite were the potatoes. Oh my, those potatoes were bursting with flavor, super crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside, and pretty much the best potato I have ever eaten. The grilled corn was also well done -- perfectly cooked and was especially yummy when smothered in one of their 4 sauces. And lastly, the veggie empanada, though the least favorite thing we'd ordered, was still damn tasty too. It was packed with tons of flavor, but it was little dry, so I'd recommend taking that for a dip in one of the sauces as well.I asked my husband how his rosemary braised beef was, and he was shoveling it in his mouth so fast that all he could do was point to the menu board description where it says "f**kin fantastic."  Well said. When he finally could talk, the only thing he uttered was, "I'm having a love affair with this sandwich."  Ordinarily I might be worried, but hell, I'd understand if he leaves me for Gaucho.Not only was the food out of this world, but the service and atmosphere were too. The guy running the counter (I assume he was the manager) was super friendly and clearly has a passion for the business and the food. He eagerly talked us through the menu, explained the different sauces to us, and even later checked in while we were eating to see what we thought of the food. And I love that we could see back behind the counter into the kitchen, where several bearded men were happily drinking their Yuenglings and grilling up our food. It felt like I was having a chill meal in someone's hip-but-cozy house instead of a restaurant.It is maybe a touch on the pricey side, but so well worth it for the quality of the food. In fact, I'm pretty sure that I'd be willing to promise my first born in exchange for a gallon of their garlic ajo sauce. Btw -- a glorious bonus was that I was still able to taste the flavor of that sauce in my mouth for the rest of the night. I was really sad when it was time to brush my teeth before bed. Yep, it's good stuff.Moral of the story: Go go go go go go go go go!
5	This place is awesome!!! Best place for steaks in Pittsburgh. I got a filet mingon sandwich and it was done perfectly. The seasoning that they use on their meats is great. They use a lot of rosemary which adds a lot of flavor. I only wish that they were open later during the week and I wish that they were open on Sundays.
5	Absolutely amazing and true to the ratings and reviews. Best steak sandwich I've had!! A must try!
4	My friend and I were coming back from West Virginia from his residency interview and we decided to stop by Pittsburgh to see the sights and grab food on the way back to NY. We found this cozy little Argentinian grub hub. We were immediately greeted by the staff and one girl promptly came to help us decipher the menu choices. I had the chanchito sandwich (cuz I love arugula) and my pal had the carne (choice meat was rib eye) sandwich. It came promptly and my my, it was delicious. Pork was tender, right amount of tangy from the pickles onion and bitter from the arugula. I inhaled my sandwich. My friend thought his beef over seasoned and both meat and bread was a bit burned. He did enjoy it tho. T'was a nice visit to Pittsburgh, def recommendation. Surrounded by nice chill spots on the Strip. Too bad we had to leave early. Beautiful city, black and yellow painted all over.
3	3.5 stars. Worth the hype? Not really. Delicious? Yes. There are 5 tables outside here folks. So if you're lucky enough to get one there are constantly people staring at you because they want your seats. When there is a line its mass chaos inside and while the employees are friendly there's a hipster vibe (or something) that didn't feel welcoming. The menu is on a chalkboard right before you order so you have to make a quick decision even though you were standing in line quite a while already.The smells in this place are fantastic and really increased the anticipation. We had the carne sandwich with filet (excellent), the hangar steak lunch (very good and with a salad), veggie empanadas (just ok) and fungos (solid). Portions were generous. Overall, I'd go back but I'm not going to be raving to anyone about the experience.
5	Wow, what unique food at a wonderful value! Does it get any better?! Friends urged us to try the Gaucho Parrilla Argentina food at a Yelp! event and it was absolutely mouth watering. The staff was very helpful and nice and served us even though there was 10 minutes left to go of the event. I tried the Rosemary Braised Beef: "Horsey sauce and caramelized onion" and the Chanchito: "pork tenderloin, pickled onion, mushroom and arugula." The Rosemary Braised Beef was pretty good. I pretty much love anything with caramelized onion, so I knew I wouldn't be disappointed, but I didn't know that this beef dressed with horse radish was going to be so good! The horse radish flavor was subtle but you definitely tasted it every bite. I'm not a usual fan of horse radish, but the hint of it on the beef really made the dish exquisite. I favored the Chanchito dish over the beef though. The pork with the arugula, pickled onion and mushroom was just the perfect amount of flavors that complimented each other in a way that most palettes haven't been accustomed to! It was a unique way to dress up pork and a flavor experience like none other! I am so happy this Yelp! event introduced me to Gaucho's amazing eats! I already have my eye on a couple dishes and I cannot wait to try more food from Gaucho!
5	Let me stress how tasty the braised beef is, I have yet to stop at the venue but I have had the finished product from here- AND LET ME TELL YOU.... THESE GUYS KNOW THEIR TASTE BUDS. Not to mention they seem like they LOOOVE what they do too!Beef they cooked was tender and mixed with potatoes, horse radish and another key ingredient that I do not know. Any way the mix of sweet and spicy in a dish is something I had yet to experience to this extent. Also had shrimp with asparagus and rice which tasted very good, but did not measure up to colorful taste of the braised beef. Food seemed well put together and healthy. Cannot wait to visit their venue and indulge in all the colorful flavors they have.
5	As a non-real-meat eater, I didn't think there would be anything for me here. But, I eat fish, and they have fish, and it is AMAZING! The shrimp was really really good and the BF enjoyed some pork and steak. And the owner is pretty cool.
4	SO delicious.  SO good.  The meat is beyond tender.  The space is a bit cramped, but the hospitality warm and food is delicious.  There is a rumor they are expanding soon.  That will make this an ideal place for a lunch,BYOB happy hour, or quick dinner.
5	Never have been disappointed here! You can smell it a block away and that only makes you want it more! Everything from the steak to chicken to fish is all incredible! Staff is beyond friendly and down to earth. They get they're a small place and they make people feel appreciated and welcomed even with a line out the door! Can't wait for their expansion! Ps- secret patio seating on the side and its BYOB! Just hard to find a seat!
4	We went to Pittsburgh to visit our daughter and her husband. They took us to Gaucho's for lunch. Although meat is their specialty, I was more in the mood for a salad. I had a roasted veggie salad which was excellent. If you're having the salad for a meal, make sure you get a large. There wasn't much seating so go when it won't be crowded or get your meal to go. Everyone else got pork, beef or shrimp. My hubby got a pork sandwich. I had a bite and it was really good too. This place is really popular and is expanding soon. The ppl who owned the place and who worked there seemed like they were very happy to be there. That always makes for a good dining experience.
5	So amaziiiiiiiing! We came full and this was only supposed to be a snack pitstop and the 3 of us ended up demolishing our plates!  The seating is a little intimate but get all 4 sauces and find an empty space and get ready to chow down.The staff is a hoot and even if they poke fun at you, they add to the experience :) definitely make this a regular if you live here and make this a stop if you're visiting!
5	This is the best steak sandwich I've ever had.  When it came out of the kitchen, my eyes teared up a little because it looked and smelled like the sandwich handcrafted in the heavens by the Angels.  I had the flank steak sandwich with the wood-fire roasted veggies.  Uggggh the chimichurri sauce is so good.  I'm starting to feel emotional again.  The house-made cibolla (onion) sauce was pretty outrageously good too.I can't wait until they expand so I can sit down with my friends there for dinner.
5	This place has 5 stars for good reasons! :) The food is extraordinary and the service as well. Very complex tastes. We tried the Pollo sandwich, the fillet steak plate and a grilled corn. All were out of this world. Best steak I've ever had! Don't miss their food if you're in Pittsburgh.
5	Gaucho is probably the most highly rated place to eat in the burgh.. And that's because they god damn deserve it! I first experienced Gaucho at Pittsburgh Winery for a Yelp event. I tried their braised roast beef with horseradish sauce and was in love. The sauce complemented the beef so well and it was so unique! I also tried their chanchito- pork tenderloin with arugula, pickled red onion and mushrooms. Incredible. By far my favorite. The last item I had that night was their grilled shrimp with rice. I honestly don't know if I have ever had shrimp that juicy before and the flavors were out of this world good. Tonight I had the opportunity to go to Gaucho for the first time! Located at the beginning of the strip (close to downtown)- it's not very large at all. There were enough seats for about 8 people, bar style. It was around 530 when we arrived and we didn't have to wait too long for some seats to open up. I ordered a steak plate- 6 oz hanger steak with a small salad and toasted bread. I also ordered some grilled maiz (corn). The boyfriend ordered the braised roast beef sandwich and my friend Nick ordered the carne sandwich- flank steak with red peppers on ciabatta. I had the chance to try everything... Wow. The braised roast beef sandwich was incredible- my boyfriend was obsessed with the sauce and had to ask for extra. Nick let me try his sandwich and the flank steak was awesome! So juicy and went so well with the peppers. My steak plate was crazy good!! Charred and smoky with tons of spices and super juicy. The grilled corn was amazing too! My mouth is watering just thinking about it. This place is worth the hype. It's insanely delicious. Go there. Now.
5	Fantastic, fresh, awesome. Try to sample all the meats. Mushrooms, potatoes, and corn are also on point. Try all the sauces too!
4	Gaucho's food is absolutely amazing.  I'd strongly recommend one of the combinations of multiple kinds of meats.  I love them all.As far as vegetables, I'd recommend the grilled corn on the cob.The only real downside to the place is the lack of indoor seating.  If the weather is nice, you have to try this place.
5	Favorite place in Pittsburgh.
5	I'll be brief...this is the best tasting, highest quality steak sandwich I have ever eaten!  The guys were EXTREMELY friendly, and even offered us beers right before they closed.  I can't wait to fly back to Pittsburgh just to eat here again.
4	This place is so small you probably can miss it if you're walking down the street.  What you won't miss is the smell.  The odor of wood burning and meat can be experienced well down the street.You know how smell and taste senses are tied together?  Yes, that...The place is really tight inside.  There's only bar stool seating along the perimeter of the dining area and a table in the middle with sauces.  The set up can be a bit uncomfortable in a sense that everybody is facing a wall or outside and there are people waiting for their orders and or seats to open up.I was in line and my wife took the only 2 seats that were available for myself and her as I was in line waiting to order.  Another couple was ahead of me ordering their food and I wasn't sure if they were eating in or taking out.  Another person waiting around was waiting for his take out.  Well after that couple ahead of had finished ordering they had nowhere to go just standing in the middle of the floor as all the stools were taken and some other customers that were done eating seemed to just be sitting around and talking and not really making room for new customers looking to have a seat and eat their food.I had ordered a chicken sandwich and a steak (rib eye) sandwich.  While the flavors of these sandwiches were absolutely amazing the steak we both had a hard time with (we split each sandwich in half and shared each).  The steak seemed to be really tough to bite through chew.  Don't get me wrong the taste was absolutely amazing but the meat seemed rather tough to bite and chew for rib eye.  The portions are very generous.  The amount of meat on these sandwiches are NOT skimped at all.  Along with the sandwiches I had ordered a corn and the roasted potatoes (papas).  The potatoes were amazing but I really had to wait a while for them to cool off as they were really hot.I guess the tip for future is steak is good but not in a sandwich because it's juicy and the bread gets a little mushy and the meat is too hard to bite.  A plate that we can cut with a knife and fork would probably be better.  I'm not sure of the rib eye as the meat was generous and thick cut, the meat seemed less tender than I as expecting for rib eye steak.  If it wasn't for the toughness of the steak sandwich I could easily grant 5 stars for Gaucho.  I would love to try the pork loin next time.For the 2 sandwiches, potatoes, corn and one Limonata the bill came out to just under 29 bucks.  Not a bad deal for the quality they pump out of this hot spot.
4	Go here during lunch for awesome Prices! The food is so fresh! The lunch special is $10 sandwich, chips and a drink! First time there and planning to go back.
5	Listen up Pittsburghers if you haven't  been to this wonderful little establishment at the edge of the strip district, you are missing out.  The meat that comes out of Gaucho Parrilla is to die for.  I would want them to cook me my last meal.  The sauce and roasted veg on the steak sandwich couldn't be paired any better.  With the steak cooked to perfection.  Thank you Gaucho for being in existence!!!
5	Just amazing food! It's delicious, the portions are huge, and the prices worth it. It's very small and cozy, the staff veryFriendly and welcoming, with a hipster vibe. Definitely worth stopping by. Try anything on the menu! I'd recommend one of the small streaked with a pequeno on the side: the Jamon Serrano was amazing!
5	What more can possible be said about this place? It is simply delicious! I was so excited to try this based on all the amazing reviews here, and the only thing that disappointed me is that my boyfriend got to try here before me! It is such a small unique place, everything about it is interesting. The menu being on a huge chalkboard is super cool, although I have no idea how to pronounce most of the things on the menu properly. Makes for a good conversation! I have come here twice and shared food each time. Everything was so good! I highly recommend the corn on the cob and any of the tamales. Pick litterally anything on the menu and you will be a very happy person! Seriously if you have not been here please get in your car and go asap!
5	This place is great. I work nearby. They are extremely friendly on the phone as well as in person. The food is prepares in a timely manner. The food us absolutely delicious. I recommend the steak burger. I get carry out here in the reg. It's great to eat outside during the summer as well.
4	This is an experience I would recommend. It's a tiny, tiny, TINY place at the edge of the Strip toward downtown. There are maybe 8 seats in the entire place, and at popular times, there are people lined up out the door. The reason they're all lined up is that the food is quite good. We had a rosemary braised beef sandwich and a gaucho salad. Both were quite good. The former was well seasoned and balanced by some cheese and grilled onion. The latter was a collection of a variety of veggies. The food isn't too cheap, but the quality is very high.
4	I really like the idea of this place and was excited to try it. We ordered the ribeye steak and the camarones (shrimp). The steak was tasty and was cooked properly, and the side salad with grilled vegetables was nice. The shrimp were good but a little on the small side; I was expecting bigger shrimp for the price. Overall, it was good and I like the idea a lot, but the price is high for what you get.
4	What a hidden gem!  The food was out of this world amazing and the service was lightning fast.  Can't wait to come back!
5	Gaucho is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. I am not speaking in hyperbole. I've been to almost all of the trendy restaurants in the city  (i.e. Eleven, butcher and the rye, salt, soba, etc.) and I would pick Gaucho each and every time. When I leave this great city I will come back to visit friends and gaucho. Try the steak sandwich with skirt or flank steak and some empanadas.
5	Awesome ribeye steak sandwich, awesome corn, the staff is very friendly, the food speaks for itself with the flavor of the wood in everything. The only thing I didn't care for was the soggy bun, it didn't really matter that much once I bit into the delicious sandwich, that had ribeye steak, caramelized onions and roasted red peppers with chimmichuri sauce. One recommendation would be to cut the meat against then grain, then when your biting into the sandwich you don't pull whole chunks of ribeye out and have to pick up with your fingers. With that being said, yummy and I will be back :)
5	This place is amazing!  Definitely deserves all 5 stars.  We had the carne sandwich with the ribeye  (you can choose with 5 different cuts of meat).  It had chimichurri sauce and was served on ciabatta bread and it was amazing!  It was cooked and seasoned perfectly and was one of the most delicious steaks I've ever had.  We also had the potatoes papas which were perfectly crisped and seasoned to perfection, and the meat empanadas were also delicious.  They also had a number of sauces you could choose to add and we sampled them all, and all were quite delicious.  The staff were also super friendly and attentive, even though this wasn't a full service restaurant (they kept checking on us to make sure we were happy).  They seemed to really pride themselves in their product.  They don't have much seating area inside, but it was warm and cozy.  It was too cold for the outdoor patio but it looked like a beautiful area overlooking the bridge that would be nice to enjoy lunch outside.  Portions are also huge and very affordable given the amount of food and the quality.
4	Good for being in Pittsburgh, but it didn't knock it out of the park. Tasty, but not amazing.
4	AMAZING sandwiches. I tried three different sandwiches and each one was more delicious than the last. Definitely would recommend to anyone looking for a quick bite in the area.
5	It is as good as they say. I wish they have more seating, because they're always super busy. I suspect that they are so busy because it is 1) delicious 2) affordable and 3) different. As with much of the strip, they're a lunchy place. I've had a few cutes of steak and all were perfectly cooked. I enjoy all of of the different sauces too. Fantastic.
4	What a hidden gem! The food was out of this world amazing and the service was lightning fast. Can't wait to come back!
5	I don't know if there's a better place in Pittsburgh to eat red meat. This place is wonderful. The inside is small and isn't truly "sit down" (though there are a few places to sit/stand), the patio next door does provide seating and is a great place to eat some meat. Added bonus: it's BYOB, and the staff is always a pleasure.The steak samplers are the way to go with sides of potatoes, corn on the cob, mushrooms, and/or vegetables. The lazy susan with their sauces is amazing and they are all delicious. We've had less luck with the sandwiches, which are still good, but I thought the rosemary braised beef had too much meat / was too soggy and needed a crunchy ingredient, such as pickled onions or arugula. I also though the empanadas were a little ho-hum.My biggest wish is that they'd extend their weekend hours later!
5	Gaucho Parrilla Argentina would make an excellent ambassador for Pittsburgh's food scene to any transplants or tourists arriving in the city.  It's simultaneously (a) one of the best sandwich makers in the city that stands out from the crowd and (b) a restaurant that fits right in with the growing and diverse offerings of an increasingly delicious Strip District.With many cuts of steak available in sandwich or platter form (I'm a fan of the sandwiches myself), none of the options are bad choices.  You could make random selections from this menu and still be just as happy as if you put hours into crafting your order.  It's all great stuff, and I have no advice to visitors other than "get a steak sandwich and anything else that looks good to you."  You won't be disappointed.The primary drawback is space; it can be hard to find a place to eat once your food is ready, especially if the weather closes the outdoor seating area.  Still, it's worth the wait in line and the hassle of seating (though it's still a far cry from being "good for groups").
5	Awesome sandwich. I recommend the sandwiches over the plates. I got the carne and it was absolutely delicious.
4	I had the hanger steak sandwich, potatoes and grilled vegetables. The steak was the best that I've had in recent memory. Full of flavor and grilled/smoke on a very good roll. The vegs were really good, too. I was ready to do it again, right after finishing.Friendly, knowledgeable staff. I'm already looking forward to returning.
