4	Cute little store! A variety of quality vintage clothing, purses, shoes, and jewelry.
5	An eclectic collection of clothing, jewelry and other vintage accessories.  A funky shop I strongly recommend checking out.  I love what the owners have done to the store with the transition from Hollywood Regency to Antique Sugar.  One word to describe Anna and Sarah and Antique Sugar... AMAZING!  Also, befriend them on FaceBook and receive "secret" discounts!
5	Best place in Phoenix for unique vintage items! Prices are super reasonable too.  LUV THIS STORE!!!!
5	Great selection. Bright and open floorplan. Love the feeling I get when I walk in! Instant smile on my face thinking of all the possibilities. They also now stock handmade soaps and soy candles from a local artisan. When I'm gift shopping, and I need something for that afternoon, I know I can stop there and get something for just about anyone.
4	I love Antique Sugar, they actually carry clothing for Men I would (and do) wear.  I bought a sweet Lacoste Cardigan there, and they have really cool Western Shirts.  Quite a lot of vintage T's as well.Their stuff for women seems cool, and they have interesting vintage Jewelry.
5	Great little vintage clothing store for BOTH men and women. Awesome selection of vintage t's. I found something for me AND I found a X-mas present for my wife too! The owners are awesome. VERY helpful. Extremely friendly atmoshpere. They had live music from local artists the night that I was in there. This might be my favorite store in PHX!!
5	I love this store! The owners Sarah and Annamarie are wonderful.  There is a large selection at the store.  I bought myself a gorgeous pair of vintage earrings today and can't quit staring at them!
4	-SUPER Friendly service. Greeted me when I came in and thanked me when I left.-Nice selection of vintage duds from various eras, including accessory accents like shoes, hats, scarves, purses, jewelry, gloves, etc...-No funky smells.-Decent prices.-Convenient parking (this shop is attached to Zinna's, so park in the back and watch out for wandering pedestrians or random people riding bikes).-I don't remember if they played oldies music (like they do at Sprouts) or Swing/Big Band tunes...-Fun place to visit.
4	I need to join Weight Watchers so I can buy super-cute vintage clothes at Antique Sugar.  They have a wonderful selection, and the staff are super-friendly (ie, not snobby or too hip for thou).  I especially enjoy their accessories.  They have amazing hats.  They play good music in the background and are helpful without shadowing you as you shop.  They offer a 35% Yelp check-in discount, which you can use at the time or save for later.
5	Why am I just now discovering this store!? I've looked high and low for a vintage clothing store that carries guy clothes and I was unable to find anything with a large selection of clothes that actually fit. And that are also freakin' cool! I got a ton of awesome shirts (that fit!) from the 60s and 70s and some bow ties (since I'm totally into bow ties right now). I want to spend my entire Saturday there. I can't wait to go back again and again and again. I love this store.
4	I have driven by this place a few times but it wasn't until I looked at my Yelp-check in offers that I was intrigued (35% off any one item). I took my 4 year old with me who fell in love with almost everything she saw there....budding fashionista? Hmmm? Like my daughter, there many things I just loved. I found the prices incredibly reasonable, too, for a vintage shop. I can't stand vintage/thrift stores that are way overpriced. There was a variety of men's and women's clothes, some kids clothes (although I would have liked to see more), jewelry, bags, shoes, other miscellaneous accessories. There was even a sale rack. Speaking of racks, I didn't try on some of my favorites because I didn't think they would fit mine. Like a previous reviewer, I have my doubts what this curvy girl can fit in but when I don't have a rambunctious child with me, I'll be sure to try it out!Hours are great, too...every day until 6 p.m., I believe, which is easy to remember!
5	This place is amazing and Sara (I think that was her name) was so great at helping me pick something out for my MadMen theme party.  I got a jacket, earrings, gloves and a brooch for $42!Prices are on point and everything in there looks like it was picked out very carefully!This will be my go-to vintage store!
5	Was at Antique Sugar yesterday. Great stop for for a vintage Hawaiian shirt, silk Chinese tunic, Happy Daze Mom apron or whatever...  Incredible selection of vintage clothes (all cleaned, pressed, and researched) ready to go home with you. Oh by the way...the skinny lil salesboy was friendly and tres cute too...
5	I loved Hollywood regency and I love Antique Sugar even more. I am a super fan. I came in on the same hunt I was on when I went to Blueberry Deluxe and Tucker helped me so much. Customer service is the BEST in this place. Between him and some awesome customers that were in that day, I had some great help finding the perfect dress. Which for me is no simple task. Short with an hourglass figure. Definitely going on my addicted list. I'll be coming back for more. Not to mention Tucker is super cool!
5	Eeek! This place is a vintage dream. This is like your cool older sister's closet, if your sister was June Cleaver or Sandy from Grease. Pricey stuff, but possibly worth it for a statement piece. The dresses were about the equivalent of modern day department store prices. The store is well organized into different categories of clothing. It is very well curated so pretty much everything is beautiful and still functional in 2012. Favorite finds- a yellow clutch bag with matching yellow gloves, the rack of sequined tops, the rack of jumpers, and the selection of vintage hats. They had a lot of veil hats- I was thinking it'd be fun to give one to each bridesmaid if you were having a vintage themed wedding!The vintage lingerie and nighties made me giggle but then at the same time I wanted some of it but I was giggling too much to make any purchases. Overall it would be easy to browse for an hour or so here!
5	This store is splendid. Excellent selection of clothing from all different eras. Anna is wonderful, incredibly knowledgable, helpful and friendly! I love coming to this store... there is always something new and exciting :)
4	I loved this shop, I spent 2 hours and $200, and that was still putting back some things I wanted! They are very helpful, organized, the clothes are labeled with the time period and material they came from. I will be back!
4	I am a photographer and I mention this because I love Zinnias for the same reason I love this shop (shockingly this store is inside the Zinnias building)... when I am looking for a unique, quality, vintage piece of clothing, this is my go to place.  I really need to do a Mad Men inspired shoot so I can purchase an entire shoots worth of items from this store.If you are into the mod scene or really enjoy wearing vintage wears, this is your place.  The staff being delightful and great to talk to is not a negative either.
4	Looking for a blast from the past, or at least want to dress like one? You've found the right place!Antique Sugar is nestled inside another antique / furniture store. All of their clothes are vintage, which is a fancy word for "awesome from about 30 or 40 years ago". While nothing in here was exactly what I was looking for, i know where to shop now for those bell bottoms, purple tuxedo tops, or orange striped pants if I ever need one. Prices here don't compare to thrift stores, so expect to pay about 50 - 80% of equivalent retail prices. $10 - 20 for shirts, $50 - 75 for suits / jackets, etc.Happy Shopping my friends!
5	I love this store!  I have bought various pieces here and they are all my favorites of my wardrobe.  When I have an event and I have no idea what to wear, I can count on Sarah or Anna to help me pull it together and look fantastic.  They even give me suggestions on shoes, accessories, etc.
5	AMAZING!  Owners are very welcoming and knowledgeable; store is very clean and well organized, clothes and accessories are wonderful!  I have purchase a few things, including a set of earrings and a brooch - I get complements every time I wear them.  My daughter is in high school and looks for "hipster" items - this store has a fantastic selection of clothes from many different eras.  Prices are very reasonable and sales are amazing.  The quality of the clothing is terrific - everything is clean and beautiful!  A favorite!
5	We shopped here along the way on a "black vintage dress' shopping excursion, traveled all over the Valley, and this was THE place.  Large selection of cocktail dresses; pretty well laid out so we could search their racks without a struggle, and very reasonable prices (especially with the $10 for $20 coupon on Yelp).  Best part:  I saw "the dress" on a Tuesday, called back that week on Friday, spoke with Tucker, who went searching for the dress I wanted--twice he searched (I think he heard my desperation) and the 2nd time he found it for me...it was waiting at the reception desk when I got there to buy it.  And yes, it was Perfect.  Thanks Tucker!
5	This store already has a good number of reviews so there is little I can add! It was a really fun shopping experience, from the employees to the layout ("there's a rack of cocktail dresses, there's the rack full of sequins...") to cute and clever hand-written quips on each merchandise tag. I was initially taken aback by the prices of the vintage t-shirts (around $20), thinking "I could find this at Goodwill," but then I remembered my countless unsuccessful trips to Goodwill... needless to say I left with a t-shirt plus an adorable 1960s Lily Pulitzer shift dress, for $30 after my Yelp coupon and the monthly special discount! Such satisfying retail therapy.
5	I love this place.  This is a great vintage store and quite big as well, plan to spend some time there.
5	Best part of this store:  they have all the big girl clothes on one rack.  If you are a big girl like myself, you know the exquisite pain of shopping in most vintage/thrift stores...it's terrible to find lots of beautiful dresses and they're all in size negative 7 when you're a positive 18!  So I LOVE it here.  Best vintage store ever.  Plus, the jewelry is super fun!
5	My favorite vintage store in the Valley. Antique Sugar has a huge selection and the clothes are in great condition. The prices are also very good. Check it out!
4	I adore this store and make sure to stop in every time I'm in the Phoenix area.  They have great customer service and an excellent clearance selection that I always find something in.  On this trip, it was a 40s style dress, a mint-condition (tags still on) vintage girdle, and two cute purses; last time it was a Hawaiian print halter dress that leads to compliments on every time I wear it.   I was giddy over the girdle especially because it 50% off as all the lingerie was on sale.  The reasons I gave four stars instead of five is because:- I feel that some of the full-priced items are a bit overpriced, IMHO.  A used scarf shouldn't be $10.  - I wish they had a larger selection of vintage jewelry.  - I wish they didn't sell fur, it's gross.  Vintage or not, fur is deplorable.
4	Great vintage for men and women!
4	YEP.I walked into this shop and my jaw dropped.So much great vintage stuff, and the woman I met working there was fantastic. I assume she is the owner or manager, as she was talking about the purchasing they do and their standards for true vintage goods. The only reason for the missing star is the pricing...it's a hit or miss with old stuff and you kind of have to set your own mental value for things in order to decide if the price is worth it for you.
4	Antique Sugar is yet ANOTHER wonderful thrift store on Melrose. It is attached to Zinnias, which adds to it's appeal. If you're looking for some authentic vintage clothing, head here. The prices are also about $15 and up, but it's worth the few extra bucks.Overall, if you want a great antique shopping experience, head to Zinnias/Antique Sugar for some unique finds!
5	Gee golly I LOVE this store! I bought a beautiful 1960's party dress here for my Son's 1st birthday party! OBSESSED! Can't wait to go back to see what other treasures I can find!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! Awesome finds, amazing service, and cool vibe. They are extremely customer oriented and that is something you will never find at a corporate store. Shop local and shop here. They are so local friendly that they will even send you to other local stores to find what you are looking for and to promote other businesses.
5	I seriously died when I walked into this store! Everything is organized and the prices are really reasonable. There is an equal balance between women's and men's merchandise;  normal thrift shops are lacking in the men's department. They even have cufflinks and tie clips!  This store is filled with so many gems, definitely will be back soon.
5	I adore antique sugar!This shop has everything. Cute vintage kids clothes, heavy duty coats, snug pencil skirts, mini dresses, awesome two piece outfits, etc. Their shoe selection is lacking but that would be my only negative to give on this goldmines inventory. What I really love about this place is the quality and authenticity of their items. I've been here numerous times and have never seen a questionable "vintage" item as I've seen at some other vintage boutiques. The owners seem to be very attentive/knowledgable when choosing their pieces and it shows. While my budget doesn't allow me to buy a bunch of clothes here for my wardrobe (would if I could), the prices aren't ridiculously unreasonable. Plus they have a sale section with 50% off stuff which can have some cool finds. I just bought an adorable 60s coat today  for 25 bucks. Yessss. Dresses not on sale usually are around $30 and up but keep in mind these are unique quality pieces. In a nutshell, antique sugar makes me so happy every time I shop there and I always look forward to my next shopping experience
5	I absolutely love this store and the girls that work there! Their selection of clothes is wonderful...I'm like a kid in a candy store. They have stuff from the 30's right down to the 80's and even  have small selection of vintage kid clothes.  How awesome is that?  Oh....and they have a rack that has  "plus size" dresses for us curvier gals. Like I said these girls are pretty amazing!  If you have a certain piece you are looking for they will find it for you....if not they will send you to a place that will for sure.It is inside Zinnas Antique store, so once you have found that amazing vintage outfit...you can stroll around there and get yourself into more trouble like I always do :)
5	This is a great vintage clothing shop specializing in 50s, 60s, 70s, and some 80s clothing.  To my surprise, they have a pretty nice men's section which is hard to come by sometimes. I even found a few shirts in my size (small, if you are looking to get me a present) and brought one home with me to Saint Paul as a souvenir.  The women's section had a variety of well-kept clothes at good prices. A surprising number of heavy coats for a part of the country that will never need them.The woman who was behind the counter was friendly and offered some great suggestions of other places to visit while we were in town and on foot.  The great part was that when my traveling companion went into the other shops she recommended -- Rebel Salon and Vintage, the amazing Lewis Interiors, and the stunning Retro Ranch -- they other shop owners saw my bag and couldn't help talking about how much they loved Antique Sugar and the people who run the place.  It was heartening to see such a great community of vintage and second hand shops so close together.  This should be your first stop on your walking tour of all the nearby stores.
5	This vintage shop is too cute for words. It just reeks of class and old fabric. My hipster friends and I were in heaven the entire time. We walked through the array of 50's, 60's, 70's, AND 80's clothes in awed, reverent silence. The clothes were organized in a great way, sometimes as color or from age (We tried on dresses that were 100 years old!! Wow.) Not only does the store carry antique woman's clothing AND men's, but it has a plethora of shoes, hats, pins, swimsuits, ties, bow ties, ear rings, necklaces, what I think was a crown, scarfs and a partridge in a pear tree (just kidding...but it wouldn't surprise me!) Above all the story if the owners was inspiring and epic. I won't indulge the details in hope you will go and find out yourself at this great store. You need to go. It'll make your life, just as it made mine. My firstborn will be named Antique Sugar in honor of this store. If a zombie apocalypse was to occur, I would sell my internal organs to a sketchy internal organ black market to gain passage to this shop.But don't take my word for it. Go to Antique Sugar and all your dreams will come true.
5	When I walked into this place, I knew immediately that I had stumbled onto a goldmine. In my opinion, there is a distinct difference between true "vintage" and just plain "old stuff", which most people try to pass off as vintage. This store, had truly unique, beautiful pieces from the 1920's-1980's, and in excellent condition The owner Sara, was incredibly helpful, taking me around the store, showing me her favorite pieces, and turning me on to pieces I never thought I could appreciate, until I tried them on and fell in love with their silhouette, colors and draping.Needless to say, I left the store with several bags full of amazing treasures, and so very pleased with my luck in discovering this wonderful little shop. Thank you Sara! I will never forget you or your amazing little shop!
5	Awesome place to find cute staff from the past but still look chick. I get 15% off every-time I check here :)
4	Large warehouse thrift store with plenty of fun, quirky finds. Enjoyed looking around, yet quickly became too hot and humid as it is just cooled by a swamp cooler. Employees were very friendly and helpful. Will enjoy coming back when its cooler.
