4	Wonderful space! Very reasonable rates for 2 dogs for overnight stays. The staff was incredibly friendly and the play area is one of the best I've ever seen! Our pups did come back with some bumps and scrapes; I'm sure they got into a couple of fun-loving scuffles. Although it's about a 15 minute drive for us, we will be utilizing the day care soon!
5	We've been bringing our two Treeing Walker Coonhounds here since we added the second dog to our family.  We'd been using a different, more expensive kennel when we had only one dog but needed a more reasonably-priced option with 2.  Hickory Hills has been fantastic for us!It's a great value, our dogs are EXTREMELY high energy and VERY social with other dogs.  The play times while boarding are perfect and we know they have a GREAT time by how exhausted they are for 2 days afterwards!We usually end the stay with a bathing.  Coonhounds have short, straight-haired coats but shed terribly.  Baths usually don't hold their good smell on our dogs for long, but usually with these, the smell lasts about a week and shedding is much better in the days immediately following their stay.  They do a good job.One last instance of AWESOME customer service: we got stuck in traffic on I-94 today but had specifically departed early so as to make it to Suter's by 6 to pick up the dogs.  We knew we'd be late, called ahead to beg them to wait for us, and the girl at the desk agreed to stay 30 minutes after her shift so we could pick up our dogs tonight rather than tomorrow morning.  This has happened on two occasions.The staff knows our dogs, their quirks and characteristics, and you can tell they love what they do.  We'll be bringing them here for YEARS down the road!!
1	Will NEVER take our dog here again. Our dog spent two nights here and I can't believe the damage that was done in that time. Upon pick up we asked how she had done, and were told, "She's on Facebook!" (which she wasn't...) but weren't given any legitimate information. What actually had happened was that ALL of her gums were bruised and her teeth were covered with metal from chewing on a cage for 2 days straight. The next week at home she cried in pain when she played with any chew toys. She had lost a noticeable amount of weight (in 2 DAYS) so who knows if she was fed. He nose was swollen and there was a quarter sized wound on the top of her nose. When we asked the staff who walked her out to us what happened he had no idea. Having our fun-loving happy dog be visibly terrified walking out to us and not even looking up to see who we were until she could smell us upset me us so much. If you love or care about your dog spend the extra 5 dollars for a place that cares about animals.
3	It's hard to review what actually goes on in a kennel when you're not there.  I picked this place for an overnight  since I was canoeing nearby on the Wisconsin River.  Sunday hours are golden in the boarding world because otherwise you're stuck without your dog an extra day - so that was mainly how I chose this place.  It's a little out of the way, but not far off Highway 12.  Staff was nice enough and I showed up an hour early on Sunday to get my dog - I was planning to just sit in the car and nap, but they opened up and let me get her early, which was a nice bonus.From the pictures they posted on Facebook, I do think they put too many dogs in a small area for playgroup - it looked like the dogs were practically wall to wall and if something were to happen, it would be difficult for 1 or 2 people to gain control.All in all, a good place to leave your dog for a day or two, especially if you need to pick them up on a Sunday.
2	Giving this place two stars is a stretch, but the front service people have always been friendly, so there you go. Now about my experience with Hickory Hills:I was a loyal customer for three years for one of my dogs. Although I never felt like the service was great there, the prices were good and they seemed to care about the dogs, so I kept coming back. I don't know if something changed, but over time my dog started coming back sore and covered in blood. He started acting terrified whenever I would pull up front, and it was clear he was having bad experiences there. I asked the owner about this, and she said that nothing was going on and that he played well with other dogs. Well two months ago, my healthy four year old dog came back barely able to walk. It took weeks before he recovered, and he still hasn't seemed himself. I can't help but wonder what goes on there, but it seems like something fishy is going on. To make matters worse, I boarded him at a different kennel last weekend. The owner immediately called me after I dropped him off and explained that he was acting traumatized and terrified of the kennel. He said it was very obvious he was not suited for kennels. Unfortunately, he also told me that some kennels are known for taking dogs that don't do well and lying to the owners to keep the business. When I mentioned Hickory Hills, he laughed and said they were the worst kennel in Madison. He also told me a story about how the owner or manager killed several dogs by leaving insect poison out in the play area.I feel so lucky my dog wasn't more hurt at this horrible kennel, and I hope nobody else has to lose a beloved pet to this sub-par facility. This is a harsh review but these things matter.
5	My dog goes to this kennel at least twice a month for 4-5 days at a time. He always comes back to me happy and healthy. The staff is kind and really personable, they are good with the dogs and understand that every dog has different needs. My dog has been at several other kennels in Madison before I found hickory hills and he use to come home completely out of it, but here he actually seems happy. My dog is an escape artist and does use his teeth to get out of the kennel, the staff figured out a creative way to keep him in and now his teeth aren't silver.
1	DO NOT allow your dogs to go to daycare here. Today I came to pick up my dog after going here for over a month twice a week. I was told that my dog attacked a small dog who "did nothing", which doesn't sound like him at all (we go to dog parks and he's never done anything like that). I was told that they had repeatedly had problems with him (but no phone calls to me or notes when I picked him up) and that I should take him to a place with a limit on the number of dogs. They clearly had over 30 dogs in a single group outside and only one staff member attending them. Sometimes when I arrived, I have had to wait 5 or more minutes and the dogs were entirely alone. Quite frankly it sounds like they are not supervising the dogs well enough. Nothing quite adds up with this business, and while I would have sang their praises just a month ago for giving me a calm dog twice a week, they are clearly poorly managing their daycare.EDIT: My dog just has a confirmed case of Kennel Cough and the vet says that there have been 3 other dogs they have seen (in one practice!!) that have it and who go to Hickory Hills!! STAY FAR FAR AWAY!!
4	Gonna be honest, I was nervous to take my puppy to Hickory Hills after reading the reviews. But, because of my ever-changing schedule, I wanted to give it a try since they allow walk-ins (our usual daycare place that is closer to home is full a lot of the time). I came to pick him up at around 430, he was happy, healthy, and incredibly tired. Can't really ask more of a dog daycare place. They give you your first day of daycare free which was really nice! And I asked them to cut my pup's nails (he HATES it) and they did a great job!Overall, I think some people are probably right, they allow a lot of dogs to not that many people. This is the only way they can allow for walk-ins, which is invaluable I think. My dog is wonderful with other dogs so I don't foresee it being a problem for him anyways. Definitely will return :).
