1	Well after 2 years of loyal patronage and referals to this place I've given up.  It takes days to get your car in for service, then they have it for a few days so for repairs that need to be made in order to operate the car, it sucks.  Then the tranny went out on my Jetta and they said it was too expensive to fix, the car wasn't worth it (no arguement there).  I asked if they would like to buy it as they service almost exclusively VW's, they said no, not interested.  I'm super busy and they said to sign it over and they would tow it.  2 months later they still have it and are pulling it apart for parts.  Sketchy, um I drive by everyday, I know what you're doing.  When you KNOW a mechanic lies, don't go there.  Ben's VW and Prairie Fire are better, cheaper and more honest.
5	Jerry is the owner, he is a VW guru!  The problem is he is always booked so call ahead and make an appt and be prepared to leave your car for a day or 2. Labor prices are reasonable and work is excellent
5	Jerry is a top-rate mechanic. He specializes in Jeeps and VWs. I took a 1988 Jeep Grand Wagoneer for a complete brake overhaul -- new calibers and u-joints, too -- and he did the job for hundreds less than anywhere else in town.Later, Jerry helped tweak the engine to start up with less sputtering, quiet down while running, and use less gas (this is easy - you can manually adjust the choke in the summer time).Every transaction has been at cut-rate labor prices, with quality parts from a network of sources.Most importantly for me, riding a bucket of old bolts, was Jerry's willingness to answer any question I had, and I must have called him 10 times over the 10 months I had the jeep -- always kind and forthcoming with a suggestion.
5	Jerry and Pat have serviced our vintage Beetle, Passat and Ford F150 since 2005. I now live in Nashville but still manage to have work done at Percy's when back in Madison. Not only are they top rate mechanics, they are great guyswho take the time to get to know their customers. Percy's is one of the coolest landmarks in Madison and has been there since the 30's or 40's. They also carry a great line of tires that are specially designed for all seasons. I know that going to Percy's has saved me money over the dealerships that are always trying to up-sell repairs and over-charge to boot.  Anyway, five stars to Percy's!
5	After driving around for several months with a broken wiper arm (driver's side, of course), I managed to save up enough money to get it fixed. I dropped my car off around 7:00 AM at Percy's and took the bus to class. I returned to Percy's around 3:30 that afternoon and my car was all fixed! The owner even saved the broken part to demonstrate how it works and what went wrong. I don't often see mechanics doing that, and I really appreciated it. I imagine some would say their rates are a bit steep but for the quality of the work, I think it's totally reasonable. I likely won't go anywhere else in Madison if I need a labor-intensive job done on my car.
5	Our daughter is a college student at UW and took our 16-year car to be repaired.  This was our first time trying Percy's, and we were so pleased with how fairly-priced, thorough and competent their work was.  Most service stations try to hit us with a long list of other things that could be done (as one expects with an older car) and then pressure us to do more, but that was not the case at all with Percy's. We are very happy that we have found mechanics near campus that we can trust to do excellent work at reasonable prices.
1	Awful. Percy's on Monroe St. had our van for over a year and a half - that's right, 1-1/2 YEARS!! Lied about working on it. Lied about getting parts. Had it sitting outside in snow and rain to rust away. Finally, my husband figured out what it was and he ordered the parts after they said it was difficult to find fuel injectors. My husband found them with no difficulty. Would not recommend this place. Sure seemed like they were up to something nefarious or just completely incompetent.
