4	Once again I find BCBG is a go-to place to get a party dress.  I have two upcoming trips to Vegas so I stopped in to check it out and I was not disappointed.  The store is pretty large for a BCBG and all the sales associates were very helpful and friendly.   I easily found 7 dresses to try on and there was another 7 I thought about. (And I may just go back to try them....)  They have a lovely shoe section as well.  BCBG has great end of the season sales, make sure to hit them up.I think that I am probably going to start branching into their regular tops and pants soon, and it will no longer be just be a party dress destination.
4	Success! BCBG is the go-to place for party dresses, no doubt about it.  The BCBG at Kierland is quite large...not quite the largest I have been in, but much larger than the one at BCBG. The store is neatly organized and easy to move around.  The party dress and more formal dress section is in the back and it is a bit cramped, so when a few people get back there groing through the racks, it's not super enjoyable.  The sales associate, Crystal, who helped me today was very nice.  I found a dress I really liked but needed a smaller size which was not on the racks.  I asked her if they had the smaller size in the back and she was happy to check for me.  Luckily they did have the size I needed and I walked away with a super fab party dress for Vegas.  The shoe and purse section is probably the largest of any BCBG I have been in.  The best thing about BCBG is that they run sales quite frequently, especially at the end of the season and you can find items up to 70% off.  I found quite a few casual dresses and tops while I was there that I am hoping to go back for in the near future.If you are in the market for a cute dress or a party dress, make the BCBG at Kierland a stop. You will not be disappointed.
3	I have a few pieces from this store as well as a few pairs of shoes.  They are ok, but not my favorite.  The fit can be hit or miss, and sometimes I don't care for the way some of they items are cut.   Most of the shoes I have look good, but are "sit down" shoes pretty much.  You cannot wear them for more than one hour, and forget about walking around in them.   If you have an event and you are in a pinch to find an outfit, you know they will have it here, I just don't seem to get excited about it anymore.
3	Great store that is very well organized. Plenty of dress wear, everyday and trendy wear as well as shoes/accessories but the service is not up to par. Three employees were working today and was not greeted when my friend and I walked through the door. We had to approach the ladies and ask for assistance because they were taking about personal things. Once we asked for assistance we were helped by helped by one employee while the other two laughed and giggled the whole time we were there. No other customers were in the stores.
