4	This market has plenty of variety to keep a market hound happy.  It is a little bit smaller than the Downtown Phoenix Public Market.  I went because I missed my market on Saturday, and this one is open on Sunday.  I got a lovely loaf of French peasant bread, some homemade pomegranate jelly, and a bunch of produce.  The only downer was that it seemed standard practice for the produce vendors to bag their produce and charge accordingly.  I prefer to get as many of an item as I would like.  There are some grocery store chains that do the same thing, and it always bothers me. There must be some kind of money reason for them to do it.  Otherwise, I was very happy to make the trip for this market.A note for future trips:  it is off the same I-10 exit as Ikea.  :)
2	Let me start by saying that I LOVE farmers markets.  In my opinion it is the way to start a great weekend day.  That being said...I was really disappointed by the Ahwatukee market.  Maybe it was my high hopes going in, but I felt the variety was less than awesome, and the number of booths set up was much less than i was expecting.The reason I go to Farmers Markets is to support the local farmers, and for the opportunity to buy produce that is more fresh than most grocery stores carry.  I was really turned off by the Jamba Juice stand and the booth from the bread store...these are both chain "restaurants" and in my opinion have no place at a local farmers market.  If I feel like a smoothie, I'll go home with my fresh fruit and make one!  I also felt the prices were a bit high, but can imagine the costs go up here just like anywhere else feeling the pinch right now so won't include that in the rating.Overall...I'll go back but certainly don't make it a weekend ritual like I did with markets back east.  Bummer ;(
1	This was my first experience at a local farmers market and I was disappointed to find out very little of it was from AZ.  Isn't that the purpose of a farmer's market?  If you aren't a farmer why are you there selling goods from Asia and South America?  There were 2 booth that specifically advertised locally grown.  I bought some decent items from them.  One of them was selling a bunch of eggs but the cartons were from Hickman's (enormous commercial egg producer) which isn't what I envision at a small market.  Maybe they just bought the cartons from them, who knows.  There was a person selling salsa (locally made) but it was more expensive than Whole Foods where it is also sold.  I have only been once and plan on trying other markets before going back.
4	This market has tripled in size in just over a year or so. The vendors, the staff, and the customers are always supportive of each other. Overall, it's a great market to go to on Sunday,.
4	I am so excited with the growth of the Ahwatukee Farmers Market.  In the last few months there have been so many new vendors.  Now, instead of stopping by to pick up some produce, I want to go and make a whole morning of it!  Fresh crepes, breakfast burritos or tamales, delicious coffee, and greek fare for lunch!  Treats for the pets, soaps, jewelry . . . they have it all!
4	My first visit to the Ahwatukee farmers market was quite nice. It really can't compare with other farmers market I visited in the past as the other ones are massive. But it had a several booths to browse, with interesting, quality products. There was produce, which in reality I didn't checked out. Cooking in my house has stopped until further notice as I don't have time!I got delicious tamales, tasty hummus, and a yummy crepe. I also tasted salsas, whipped flavored honeys, apple cider etc. Everything tasted very good, not artificial.  There even was home made dog treats!Since it's a small farmers market, I don't think you could make a whole morning of it but it's still worth checking out.
4	Ahwatukee's farmer's market has grown tremendously each year I've been going (Since 2007).  There are several local farmers, a lot of other food vendors (fish, grass fed beef, cheese, baked goods, canned products, some freshly prepared food) and a handful of craft vendors.   This is definitly a must-do for Sunday morning shopping for anyone living in the Ahwatukee/Tempe/Chandler/Gilbert area.
3	Visited here last Sunday after a trip to Ikea. We saw the signs and decided to check it out. It was OK.. just OK.. Pretty small and half of the vendors were selling crafts and jewelry. Not what I expect at a farmer's market.. more like a swap meet.We did buy some yummy pickled jalapenos and some apricot butter. YUM!
4	I've been trying to shop locally more often to support people in the community and was pleasantly surprised at the choices at this small farmers' market. It's not as big as some others in the valley, but there was a nice variety of fresh produce, baked goods, and fresh roasted coffee. I came home with a bag of mesquite flour (it's gluten free!) and can't wait to try baking with it. Hopefully there will be more vendors next time...the rain was coming down pretty hard today so I don't think there were as many booths set up as usual.
4	this is  actually a pretty good mrkt the usuall fresh fresh vegies,flowers,organic meats,cheeses breads and my fave the guy w /the balsamic viniger and olive oil but this balsamic for 30 dollars compares to any higher priced  balsamic. open sundays
4	I've been trying to find some farmer's markets in Phoenix, and I heard good things about this one. It was bigger than I expected. Came out with some herbs and jam. The herb lady was so sweet. We ran into her later and she remembered us. Check it out!
4	So happy!  I went back to the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market on Sunday and noticed they had to change the layout.  Instead of being in the shape of the letter U, this  time there were so many new vendors, it was more like the letter E with a couple of side aisles.  There is now a guy with cheesekurds, fresh toffee, and still the delicious tamales, greek food, hummus and pita chips, a few different produce stands, coffee, etc.  Also, the "crepe guy," as I liked to call him, had BBQ Beef Sandwiches that day.  I guess he does more the crepes . . . who knew!?  I guess I'll have to stop calling him "crepe guy" and start referring to the "Truckin' Good Food" stand!  See Review http://www.yelp.com/biz/truckin-good-food-phoenix#hrid:dT7OTJYeMaziMJlAcM19tA
4	There's always something delicious at the Market!  Fresh veggies, breads, sauces, meats & cheeses, a taste for everyone!
5	Sam, Sven, and all the vendors here make the market special.
3	I am on the fence with this market. Ive been up about 6 times this summer. First its a long way for me I'm in Arrowhead, but this is the only farmers market open on my days off so I'm stuck. one week I'm in love with amazing peaches and tiny little plums like the ones I picked off the tree when I was little, $30 balsamic vinegar that was worth it, homemade jam, yummy $6 a loaf bread, as it should be for $6 a loaf, nice lavender soap and eggs right out of the chickens little butt cheeks. Then the next week my peaches are bad, the figs are spoiled and my Mellon is mealy oh yea and the bread well they didn't have my beloved cinnamon raisin perfect for toasting bread so I took something different and I really see myself throwing half of this bread investment in the trash cause its not work the carbs. There is a really nice family there selling tomato's and squash and a few odds and ends they always have had good stuff. I want to buy some tamales from the tamale guy as the sample I had was superb but he is always out of what I want to try. So will I be back probably not sadly I think this was my last trip.
4	Love: Dr Hummus--best pita and tzatziki we have had since Greece this past summer. They sell his stuff at AJ's, but much fresher at the market!Crow Dairy: mmm regular and bacon chevre. awesome on spinach salads! Love the pics of all of their farm animals!Pork on a fork: pulled pork. Need I say more?! Amazing. The bone-in chops are wonderful too. There's also a stand that sells cobblers that are to die for and another one that sells flavored butters. And the crepe truck. Heaven...
4	Great selection of fresh produce, flowers, plants, etc. Always get the beef tamales from The Tamale store..best in the Valley.. Lil' Sassy's Salsa has a great Green Chile Sauce.. Pork On a Fork pulled pork is sublime.Frawg n'Turtle has interesting sauces.. Hot n'Horsey Apple Mustard, would be killer on a ham sandwich.
3	Meh... this farmer's market is a-ok.  I've not been to many in the Phoenix area and this one was better than the last I'd been to but, I think I may be too spoiled by Missouri and California farmer's markets.  In Missouri, farmer's markets are actually much less expensive than the stores are.  In California, they offer tons of selections.  Here, I didn't see either of those bonuses so other than just wanting to support local vendors, there's kinda no point to go.  I'll give it another chance before I make a final decision but so far, I'm not so impressed.  Might see ya there.
4	I love this market! The only complaint I have is that it doesn't open early enough. It's super hot and sunny in the summer and early fall which makes coming to the market during those times unbearable. I wish it opened at 7 am every Sunday and I would be more likely to go to it more often. Right now, it opens at 9 am during the Fall/Winter hours. Other than the opening time, I think this market is fantastic. It is big enough to where there is a lot of produce and products to choose from, making it worthwhile to go there, but small enough to where it doesn't take a long time to walk through. It does tend to get busy, though, so I like to go when it is first opening to get the first choice in produce and beat the crowd. Definitely give this market a try!
4	Made my way over to the Awhatukee Farmer's Market for the first time last weekend and was quite pleased with it. I love that it's on Sundays because I'm usually busy with other things on Saturdays.It's not huge but it had plenty of yummy foods to tempt me. Like the lavender pepper. When would I ever use this? No idea. But in that moment I thought it seemed amazing. My only complaint was that I got there late (noonish) so they really wasn't much left in the way of produce. Partly because there were only maybe 2 stands selling produce in the first place. Maybe because it's winter? Or I guess I just need to get up earlier.But there were lots of grass-fed meat stands which was cool. I'm definitely going to go back and try some out.I walked away with a loaf of bread and a jar of strawberry honey that is really, really good.Expect to spend money. This place ain't cheap. But at least you know you're getting quality food.
4	I enjoy this Farmer's Market for a few businesses whose products I enjoy:- Horny Toad: this lady is a real farmer; no frills, just great pesticide-free, local veggies and fruits and she's actually NICE and great to talk to; I love her selection of heirloom tomatoes and her kids are a welcome sight (they actually are well-behaved and seem to be very helpful in her farm productivity)- Crows Dairy: they are from Buckeye and have great tasting goat cheese from their Nubian goats.- Circle Key Farms: they have excellent goat (and beef, etc) selection and the guys that run it are great to talk to and learn more about goats.. which I LOOOVE!- FIshhugger: I like talking to these folks as they are very educational and I have become a convert of their honey selection.  I also get my fish from there.- Alaskan Pride Seafood: I like these guys because they do the fishing for the fish you buy (all Alaskan Wild caught) and their selection is always great. I get my fish here also.- Red Mountain Cattle Co: I like to get Ground Beef from these folks, thought haven't because we are eating more lamb and goat these days.I've bought from a ton of other vendors there (salsa, pita chips, hummus, oils, facial cremes, eggs, melons, etc), but these are the ones I go out of my way to buy from.
4	They take cards!Also, most importantly, this market meets on Sundays!Friendly (but not hard-selling) vendors, decent prices for local produce.Fruit, veg, cheese, grass-fed beef, soap.As everyone else has said, if you're used to big farmer's markets, scale it down a bit.
5	I love this Farmer's Market! It is year round every Sunday. Easy to find and lots of parking. There are 4 different fresh veggie/fruit vendors usually (which is the main reason I go) along with other interesting items (baked goods, tamales, hummus, herbs, etc.) The market opens at 9 AM but will start opening at 8 in June for the hot summer months.
1	really sad.  really small.  I am used to farmers markets in other cities.  I try not to compare but cant help it when it takes a whole 5 minutes to navigate the whole market.  an awful lot of non local products at way to high a price.  I did run into a local resident I met when I moved to phoenix 1 1/2 months ago and turns out it was his first time here.  also his last he said.  I am also an animal lover and a crowded market is no place for dogs and non supervised children.  the lawyers would have a great time with it.  save your hard earned money and go to sprouts.
3	We have been here in Phoenix for almost five months now and have been trying to find time to go to a Farmers' Market.  This one was conveniently open on a Sunday, which was the only day off we had together for the weekend, so we gave it a shot.  It was definitely on the smaller side of farmers' markets, but they had some really interesting booths and there was plenty of fruits and veggies to choose from if you prefer the local scene for your food.  Overall: BIf you live in the area and it's not out of your way - head on over.  If it's a bit of a drive for you, it's most likely not worth it.
4	Every Sunday you'll see this Farmers Market without fail. It is pretty small, but it has everything you could want. Fresh fruits and veggies from local farmers and delicious food that local venders have made. I had trouble finding a parking spot, but it might have just been a coincidence since I haven't had trouble finding parking before. It's open from 9-12. You'll also find people selling their crafts. This is a great little jewel in Ahwatukee!
4	This farmer's market is right down the street from us and we love it! It has grown tremendously over the years and they've recently changed the layout making it easier to navigate. The whole time you are in the shade, which is really nice in the AZ heat. It allows you time to browse and enjoy each booth if you want to. There are about 4-5 farms with fresh produce in addition to coffee, burritos, goat's milk soaps and lotions, pasta, hummus and pita chips, jewelry, olive oils, you name it. Great variety! Those who gave this Farmer's Market a poor review, shouldn't be taken into account, for the present state of the market is entirely different!
5	Have seen this Farmers Market grow over the years and it is better than ever. A great addition to our community. Have purchased some great flowers, plants for the yard and the family loves the tamale vendor. We make it a regular stop on Sundays.
2	Farmers markets here in AZ seem to be more of a craft fair.  Very limited in the produce department.  But what they do have is good and those working their booths are polite and helpful.  Like the tamales.  Tasty variety.  Parking was the pits, but it seems they've modified that situation a bit.
5	Loved it! It feels great to support local stores and eat quality food. I like that there are a few vegan vendors too.
5	A great effort by local vendors. i buy the veggis and tamales. The fudge is great too. Support local
