2	Another in the long line of strip-mall restaurants that I seem to have a habit o visiting, this one is brand new, in the Harris Teeter shopping center that is wedged into the corner of Idlewild and Margaret Wallace roads near Matthews.  Frankly, I have always thought that those corners are a bad place for a large center such as this one, and after eating here, I feel so even more strongly than before.Turning into the place isn't bad, whether you are turning right or turning left.  But getting out is another matter entirely - especially if you are turning left across traffic.  There is simply no way to get across both lanes easily, and it's right there at the intersection so it's unlikely to see any improvement any time soon.  When the building of the homes on each side finishes it will probably get worse.In any case, the place isn't bad.  When you go in, it looks really small - just a counter.  But to the right, there is a medium-sized dining room that is a bit of a surprise.  It's actually quite nice for such a fast-food restaurant.  Usually it's lucky if you get a couple of chairs and an old table.  This one's nicer.The food comes out on actual dishes with silverware, too - no throwaway serving utensils and plates.  I was impressed.  Very rarely will such a place give you the royal treatment like this.  The food had to be good.  Or they were covering something up.  In fact, it was probably a little of both.It's not that the food was bad.  It just wasn't that great.  The sauce was a bit on the heavy side.  Had it not been, the food may have been quite good, but as it was, the taste was simply lost.  The service wasn't bad, but being over on the side of the counter like that, it's like you had been stuck in another world and simply forgotten.  Since the food took a while, this was disturbing as well.  Not my favorite place.
3	Not a lot has changed at the China Fun in the last two years - they still serve food on actual plates, with real silverware, and the dining room is still an impressive size.  I'm really somewhat amazed that they are still in business after all this time.  Frankly I figured that I'd come back in and the original review would be a few months old - not two years!The service has actually picked up a bit, which is why I'm giving them another star, but the food is pretty much the same.  If you get your typical dishes (like General Tsos Chicken), it's heavy on the sauce.  I'd suggest trying something like a Pepper Beef instead - the sauce is a lot lighter, and you'll probably enjoy it more.
2	Now I love some fast food Chinese food, especially if its near my house, but this place is just mediocre.I've ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken from there over the past 2 years and I'm not pleased.  I admit to being a stickler for good rice.  Their rice tastes kinda greasy (even for fast food Chinese standards) and not well flavored. The chicken dumplings (nuggets? pieces?) were lightly fried and therefore still soggy.  The sweet and sour sauce was kind of watered down.  Still, its a $6 dollar lunch with portions that would horrify French people who think we're all gluttons.  The staff are pretty nice, rushed nonetheless to pack up half-pounder lunches and dinners for us hasty folks.
1	I'm a sucker for sesame chicken, but I've definitely had better. I ordered the lunch portion of the sesame chicken with fried rice and a order of teriyaki chicken. The teriyaki chicken was good, it wasn't to dry or over cooked, although it was a tad bit greasy. Now the sesame chicken on the other hand was horrible, the chicken was drenched in so much sauce that I could barely taste the chicken. In addition the sauce was so sweet that it overpowered the flavor of the entire meal. Finally the rice, it was flavorless and greasy. I had to add duck sauce to the rice just so I would be able to taste something on the rice.
4	I love this place..best chinease take out ever...their vegetable and shrimp has a lot of shrimp in it and it's big:)... For biggest portion you gonna pay about $7-$9...it is enough for me and my husband to eat...their dumpling are very good too..it served with some ginger soy sauce...DELICIOS!!! Tryed it ones and now it is the only chinease we get...
