5	Spectrum Dermatology in Scottsdale,AZ is to be commended,not only for its welcoming staff,  but for it's wonderful  bed side- mannered leader, Dr.Kim, who I have had the pleasure of meeting on two occasions. If I was impressed with her during my first visit, I am even more so today. She is gracious and knowledgable along with having a magnetic but tranquil demeanor that puts nervous clients, like myself,at ease. With Dr.Kim,there is no wasted motion or high  pitched up selling  of products,just laser beamed proficiency that addresses your problems quickly and for a reasonable cost. I whole heartedly recommend her and proudly add my name to the growing list  of her many satisfied customers.Gene D
5	Wow I have never met a doctor like Dr. Kim. She is so sweet and compassionate. I had a small scar on my back and went to see Dr. Kim. She asked if she could do a skin exam and I said yes. She did a quick body skin exam and everything was great thank god. She is helping reduce the scar size on my back and is so gentle with any shot or anything she gives. I have a huge needle phobia and her nurse even held my hand LOL can you believe that? I know I sound 10, but it worked! I give them an A+. I would recommend her to anyone. They really know what they are doing!
5	I went to Dr. Kim because she was under my insurance policy, close to my work and office, and had great reviews on Yelp. I was also able to make an appointment with her during my lunch time so I wouldn't have to be away from work a week ahead of time. I've tried making appointments else where before and the wait to see the actual doctor can be months. My appointment was right on time, love when that happens. Her assistant was really nice and helpful and so was Dr. Kim. She helped to prescribe and recommend a few products and tried to give me the generic option when possible which is great. I also appreciated that she didn't try to sell me on other products or give me anything that was unnecessary. I will definitely be going back to Dr. Kim in the future for all my dermatology needs.
4	Really like Dr Rubinzik. Great efficient practice, doesn't keep you waiting forever. Clean office, kind and efficient doctor. What else would you need?
2	Spectrum Dermatology seems to be focusing on the aesthetic line of their business rather than their core business of dermatology.  I'm sure this is a more profitable area for them.  Rather than address several of my questions, Dr Rubenzik suggested I talk to their aesthetician.  Dr. Rubenzik even pushed several products rather than giving me a prescription for a product I could fill at the pharmacy for a lower copay.  Needless to say, I don't plan to go back to Spectrum Dermatology again.
5	Before I start raving about Dr. Kim, let me first start off with my experience with another dermatologist in Biltmore.  First off, I was only able to see that dermatologist in Biltmore once as it seemed like it was run by her less experienced physician assistants (PAs) who were unimpressive when it came to knowledge and bedside manner.  When I did see the dermatologist, it was very brief/direct and she seemed somewhat impersonal.  The worst part was having to wait nearly an hour in a crowded waiting room even though it was for a follow-up with a PA.  Since I really did not have significant skin needs at the time, I accepted the rather mediocre service and went along my merry way.It wasn't until I decided to get a mole removed that started to hunt for a new dermatologist.  I found Dr. Kim on Yelp and I am a huge fan. :)  She is such a refreshing change!  The very first visit, she sat down and talked not only about my concerns but also was interested in knowing about me personally.  She may look young, but if you read her bio, her achievements and education are quite impressive!  On top of everything, she is punctual yet presents herself in a very calm, professional manner.  I also had one visit with her PA, Juliette, whom I found very informative and helpful. I would highly recommend Dr. Kim if you are looking for a dermatologist.
5	Very nice office.  Conservative treatment.  My son went there for acne and docs were careful and conservative.  His skin is much, much better!
1	Very disappointed with this practice.  Waited an hour past my appointment along another patient and when we inquired we were dismissed.  Had lab work done and never heard back from office.  Finally called for lab results and the staff was extremely rude.  Requested my results and the doctor never called me back.  These people do not know how to run a business.  The visit was a complete waste of time and money.  Do not recommend.
3	Dr. Rubenzik is pathologically unable to be on time. Dr. Tosani is the nicest, best surgeon I have ever encountered. Can't speak for the others in this practice. It is a very pleasant facility with professional front desk guardians and assistants. I would give them five stars if not for the tedious waiting times.
5	Spectrum Dermatology is very impressive; the cleanliness of the office/exam rooms, the friendly staff and the exceptional doctors.  I have been a patient of Dr. Rubenzik for a few years' typically routine exams once a year.  My first dermatology emergency happened this week (sucks getting old!) I called the office on a Monday afternoon and by Tuesday midday they were able to squeeze me in.  Before I left the exam room my prescription was already sent to the pharmacy and a few samples were handed to me (always a nice touch).  Highly recommend to people who want an intelligent, introspective and enlightening dermatologist!  Side note: wait times are normal and while being examined I did not feel like they were rushing through so waiting a few extra minutes did not bother me.
2	I am not giving stars for this practice's cleanliness because cleanliness should be expected of a medical practice. I will give two stars for the inability to answer questions or listen to patient concerns. You may not see the doctor, but the PA, which is fine, but be prepared for that if you prefer to see doctors and not assistants. I do not mind seeing PAs IMHO.In my experience, Spectrum Dermatology sent over expensive name-brand Rxsto my pharmacy even when I specifically ask for generics (after all, I did your homework and know what is covered by my insurance). This lead to the most annoying back-and-forth argument between my pharmacist and the Spectrum assistants as they tried to fix the problem. Electronically shipping off my prescription is not convenient when I have to spend four days trying to get what I originally asked for. Perhaps if I firmly asked three times I will get what I asked for. Spectrum Dermatology states it has a 24 hour return phone call policy with any questions you may have. This is apparently a suggestion in my opinion. I called once to discuss the Rx issue above (call back within 48 hours) and I called again regarding how to take a prescription (it's been FIVE DAYS without a return phone call). I think this is unacceptable for a medical facility. Further, I am disappointed with the Staff's response to my concerns regarding a Rx side effect. When I voiced my concern, I was told that my Rx concern was not a side effect, but then the Rx insert and PHARMACIST told me otherwise. Overall, very disappointed and will not be returning. If I can expect this runaround for my current issue, then I cannot imagine having to deal with this facility if I had something more serious.
1	I have never had a bad experience with the doctors but I give the customer service and the organization of the support staff (medical assistants and scheduling) an "F".  My last appointment with the PA was mediocre. She wasn't over the top friendly or interested in what I had to say. I should have known this attitude would carry over as my medication has yielded less than desirable results. I've left 3 voice mails with the PA's medical assistant to get a dosage change on my medication and not one call has been returned. They don't seem to value the needs of their patients enough to respond to voice mails over 2 week old. It's a shame I'm viewed as unimportant.  Once they reel their patients in for an appointment, they're done with them. As a medical provider myself, I would never treat a patient the way I have been treated there and don't plan to return.
