4	Excellent food tastings, yummy drinks and great venue. They even had a fun little photo booth. Knocking off one star because most vendors ran out of food or drink by 9:30 or 10:00. Given that this was the first year I expect they'll plan better next year...and I'll be back!
4	Started in New York, LuckyRice is a celebration of what Asian culture does best; street food. With many master chefs on hand, the variety of food in food was endless. Sadly, the same could not be said about quantity. As Jeanette D. has mentioned, many places ran out of food before the designated end time. If most were as lucky as I, you would have had the chance to try a majority of the stalls. There were a few times were I got close to the front and was turned away due to empty reserves, but I did not leave on an empty stomach. Between the creativity of the kitchen and bar, it was a pleasant event. With the Groupon, it was well worth it for a taste of what is to come. In the future, if the issue with preparation is dealt with it will be an event worth the price. The venue was an excellent selection. The Cosmo pool, with all of the Las Vegas lights, reminded me of walking through the streets of Asia. The beautiful weather that night was perfect for hanging out and the cabanas gave guests plenty of resting areas to lounge on. I look forward to future events.
2	LuckyRice is a great concept. They have many well-known culinary artists serve their signature dishes in one venue. However, the planning for this event is lacking. When you can bear a long line to get a small portion it is very rewarding. However, places like Raku and Bombay had lines extending hundreds of feet! WAY too many people! When you expect an event where for $85 (or $125 VIP) you can eat and drink as much as you want, you don't envision fighting a mob to get to the vendors. Some vendors closed early, so the mobs hoarded those who were still serving...I loved the foods and drinks I could get, but be prepared to fight for it!
5	Loved attending LuckyRice Night Market!  My brother-in-law's been wanting to attend a LuckyRice Night Market event for a few years and was really excited that it came to Vegas.  We bought tickets via TicketMaster (love the new Passbook feature for the iPhone!) and were ready to go!We arrived just after 8 PM and the entrance didn't have the scanner for Passbook, so a young man was kind enough to escort us to another entrance.  On the way there, we were offered drinks:  Snake in a Glass and Lemongrass and Elderflower Collins.  I really enjoyed the freshness and subtle floweriness of the Lemongrass and Elderflower Collins.  My sister said the Snake in a Glass was her favorite of the two - not overly sweet with just a bit of a bite.  BOMBAY SAPPHIRE EAST GIN was well represented!Once we got scanned in we walked around a bit, and decided to try the White Chocolate Curry from POPPY DEN.  I was going to wait because I thought it was a desert, but they encouraged me to give it a try and I'm so glad I did!  It was still warm and had a layer of flavors that added a nice complexity to the dish.  I was especially happy to discover that POPPY DEN is in Tivoli Village, so it's now on my list of places to try.We then moved down the Boulevard to try RENE ORTIZ + LAURA SAWICKI'S Angry Bear Prawn with peppers, soy beans, daikon radish and caramelized garlic.  Nice!  Anytime you add caramelized garlic...Next up, Tuk Tuk's steamed snapper w/ lemongrass.  I now have a reason to visit Austin. Ser-i-ous-ly.We headed back downstairs and ASAHI was serving a Kuronama Black - I thought it would be heavy and was pleasantly surprised.  And I got an Asahi t-shirt - yeah!Next - of course we tried the Bordeaux wines.  They had a nice selection of whites and a Sauternes that I saved for later in the evening (pretty little dessert wine).Have you ever had a short rib gyoza?  Me neither.  Until we tried it at STK's booth and it was served with wasabi sesame ponzu.  I need more.Another great local place - CHADA THAI serving two items:  an artistically created, delicate spring roll and crab curry with noodles.  Sigh.  And guess what???  They serve a lunch with a wine tasting.  Oh yes.  We're definitely doing THAT.Thanks to our Boston friend, KRISTEN KISH (Menton, Boston), for serving lobster with melon, celery and smoked  (yes!) brioche.  And yes, I grabbed a glass of CHAMPAGNE NICOLAS FEUILLATTE to pair with the lobster.  My husband tried the rose and I tried the brut.  Both were nice, but I have to say I preferred the rose.And then there was a woman walking around with cones full of seasoned pork chicharones.  They were really tasty - crunchy with a nice chili-like flavor (ends up it was curry).  Back at the booth they were serving...sea urchin.  Go big or go home.  It was so delicate and so delicious, with a slight smoky flavor.  I had no idea WICKED SPOON was below the Boulevard Pool at the Cosmopolitan.  Yes, another local joint to put on our list!Of course, we had to wait in line for Endo's famous pork cheeks and chicken on a skewer.  Endo was so accommodating and his food is 'da bomb!  If you haven't been, imagine small plates of a nice variety of meats and veggies, great selection of fresh fish (love the sushi salad).  Must go to try the absolute best grilled tomatoes you've ever had.  Seriously.We then headed straight to the bar to try an Eastern Promise & a Professor Plum, which was a lovely lavender.Over on the south side of the Boulevard we decided to try the sirloin wrapped in cabbage with garlic and fresh cilantro by LEAH COHEN (Pig & Khao, NYC).  The sirloin was tender and tasty, and the cabbage smelled like cabbage.  Lol - the garlic is always appreciated, and the fresh cilantro really freshened it up.I saw someone walking around with popsicles, and sure enough it was THE NEAPOLITAN serving a variety of adult frozen goodness.  I snagged a watermelon popsicle - it had a dusting of salted chili powder and bits of cucumber.  Refreshing!  Love the Neapolitan!We wrapped it up with a barbecue pork taco and a salt air margarita (way to go Jose Andres!) from CHINA POBLANO (Eric Suniga).  Tasty, savory, pork in a soft, pliable wrap.  The margarita was so much fun!  Think margarita with a briney foam on top.Ok, I did try one more tempting drink.  Drunken noodles.  This is the most clever drink I've had, and definitely the most fun (tough competition).  Imagine japanese gelatin flavored and shaped to look like noodles and an egg.  You got it!  A drink that looked like a ramen dish - how cool is that???  There were sweetened, crunchy pineapple bits on top, and the gummy-like fun shapes were slightly sweet.  This was a dangerous, oh-so-good concoction.We didn't try everything (we were so stuffed) and definitely felt the experience was well worth it.  We are excited to try LUCKYRICE NIGHT MARKET at the Ferry Building in San Francisco next year and then again in our hometown, Vegas Baby!Excellent evening!
5	I have never been to a LuckyRice event before this 2013 Night  Market  at the Cosmopolitan Pool. I thought it was fantastic....I would definitely go again. We  were able to try everything except the Duck Laab Congee by Toki Underground and Maketto, they were out when we hit up their stand and wouldn't have any made in a while. The only line we had to wait in was the Raku stand serving up Yakitori, it was near the end of the night  so I think patrons were trying to get in their last bites.I wasn't a big fan of the Bordeaux wines they served, but all of the other drinks they had were excellent.My top 5 favorites of the night...Coconut Pumpkin Soup by Strip Steak (LV) was incredible. Blackberry Ice Cream Sandwich from Pichet Ong (NYC)....YUM! Open Face Arepa from Fukuburger (LV), we better see that on your truck! Lobster with Melon and Celery with Creme Fresh  and Smoked Brioche by Menton (Boston).  And the simple yet fresh and delicious Baked Crab Hand Roll by Yellowtail (LV).   My husbands favorite was the Grilled Sirloin by Pig and Khao (NYC).There was plenty go around for everyone and we never had to wait long. The majority of the crowd was friendly and polite even with all the booze flowing.I can't forget I had the pleasure of meeting Todd English. Bumped into some fellow Yelpers and exchanged notes on which foods to get.The weather was perfect and so was my company. Made for a most excellent night.
