4	My brunette mane is 32.5" long.  That's right, almost three feet of dark, lovely, shiny hair.  And I don't trust it to just anyone.  You must be referred to me by a trusted friend to bring your shears anywhere near my Rapunzel tresses. That's why I acted on a Heather Locklear-look-a-like girlfriend's recommendation when I needed a new hair stylist.  She recommended Craig Davis, one of Uptown Retreat's owners.  Three years later I'm still there.  Craig has always done a great job when I wanted to change up the color or needed a few shaping layers when my hair passed my waist.  This salon is one of only two Charlotte salons authorized to sell Kerastase hair products.  Uptown Retreat also carries Bumble & Bumble.  Kerastase is very expensive (but worth it), so I keep Bumble & Bumble and other brands on hand to mix it up and give my wallet a break. Their website says women's styling runs $55-$95.  A shampoo, cut and style for me runs about $85, but I have nearly three feet of hair and it takes two people 20 minutes to blow dry and straighten my locks.  You may be able to get out of there on the lower end of that range, depending on what services you need. If you're one of the 10,000 uptown residents or 75,000 uptown employees, Uptown Retreat is conveniently located on the Mall level of the Charlotte Plaza building at College & Third Streets.  Tips:- Call Renee at least one week in advance for an appointment.  They're good, and their calendar fills up fast.- Their website lists salon hours as 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., but they frequently will do 7 a.m. or 7:30 a.m. for me if I ask.  - Grab some travel size Bumble & Bumble products for weekend trips or your one-quart airplane travel bag.  These little bottles are TSA-friendly. - The salon is next to Starbucks - head over five minutes early and grab a latte!
5	I have no idea what's wrong with me. Maybe it was because July 2008 is when I started Yelping, and maybe I was getting used to the website and how it works. At any rate, Uptown Retreat is a healthy, full five (5) stars. Not sure where that four came from. Since my review over two years ago, I've moved to Raleigh for a change from Charlotte and chopped off half my Rapunzel locks. In my year in Raleigh, I've tried three area hair places -- no one is Craig. I'll be making quarterly trips to Charlotte for Craig to continue doing my hair. I did find a local salon which sells Kerastase, but there is only one Craig...and he is at Uptown Retreat in Charlotte. The man is a genius!
3	Super friendly place!  I started getting my cut and color done here and went a few times before I felt I could submit an accurate review.  They do not use Aveda products FYI.   I love the hours - they are open super early so you can get your appt finished and then pop into work!   Great views of College and 3rd street while you get your hair cut.  They are right above Panera in Charlotte Plaza.  if you are parking probably you would want BB&T garage and then walk across the street.Price ranges for services run the gamut - they are willing to work with you though - just ask!  :-)
5	Totally enjoyed my experience with Craig at Uptown Retreat.  All of the staff were very friendly and eager to help.  My friend and I were both in from out of town and scheduled two blow outs and one cut.  Craig was my stylist and Davis did my friends hair.  Both guys did an excellent job!  Craig you 'get it'....hair length, face shape, hair cut, and most importantly the blow out and style!  Not many stylists can bring it all together like you did! Thank you..now will you please come to my town!?!?  Oh...and I loved the corner location of your chair....had an awesome view while getting my hair did! :-)
1	I would not recommend Uptown Retreat. First, the receptionist quoted me $20 less than it actually cost, so thinking I was getting a great price at a convenient place, I made an appointment. Then, a little confused at the price increase, I asked what services would have been at the price she quoted me and she couldn't give me a direct answer, she just waived it off. I don't like being lied to. The real problem was the hair cut. It was a disaster. I went back a week later to get it "fixed" and they had to cut off all of the layers, for which I never asked, and now my hair is just as short as it was seven months ago when I wanted to start growing it back out. Finally, to top it all off, my roots are already showing and this appointment was only just over two weeks ago. When I called to get a refund they told me they don't give refunds and when I explained how disappointed I was and that I had already been for a fix-cut, I was told I had to come back in for them to look at it-- and then I was hung up on. Save your time and frustration and go somewhere else.
3	Excellent, quick and friendly staff but my stylist wasn't fluent in taking care of relaxed hair. I had gotten a new hairstyle and had washed and blow dried my hair at home and just needed my front curled which was about the width of my forehead to about an inch above my eyebrows but my stylist gave me the same job I could have given myself at home. So after $15 and a tip I stopped at Walmart and bought me a new $7 curling iron and now do it myself.
