5	Well 1st off I'd like to say amazing!  He is an awesome OB and Such a caring Doctor!  He returns calls promptly a smaller practice which insures you'll get an appointment and he is never over booked! They will also call and reschedule your appointment if he is called to a delivery not leaving you waiting for hrs... Which is great!  I love Dr Lopez he is awesome!
5	Dr Luis Lopez was very caring took the time to talk to me. Office was very clean. I didn't have to wait a long time for my appointment. Great staff too.
1	This was my second and LAST visit to Dr. Lopez-Benitez for an annual Pap smear. I wanted to discuss Peri-menopause with him and asked several times to have my hormone levels tested, he refused, dismissing me by saying "Why even check it, it won't change my mind about anything". He was not interested in my concerns in the slightest. When I did push him to answer my questions, he rolled his eyes. Ladies we have more choices out there and I personally think that given a choice, we should choose someone that takes the time to answer our questions, especially when it comes to reproduction. It felt like going back into a 1950's Dr. office. His staff was also rude, short and unconcerned. They were too busy with their personal phone calls to take care of patients.
5	Clean office with a friendly an inviting environment. The staff is very sweet and organized. Dr. Luis J Lopez was very patient and knowledgeable about all my concerns and questions. This was my first appointment with them and the in-processing paperwork took only a few minutes. I would recommend him to everyone.
4	If you're looking to get a yearly pap smear done in 20 minutes, this is your doctor. There isn't those long waits usually associated with going to the gyno but,to be honest, he was a little rougher than I'm used to. Still, totally worth it to put a check mark on my yearly vaginal checklist.
5	Great bed side manner,  his staff treats me like family,  if he's running behind they keep me informed along the way (he does deliver babies after all & they kinda have to come first). He always addresses my concerns and since I'm pregnant there can be a lot of them, he takes his time makes sure I'm comfortable and fully confident that I understand. I had one shift concern that really was not even an issue for someone pregnant in my age range, but as soon as I mentioned it he immediately said then let's have you do genetic testing with a specialist, you don't need to stress and worry. That was it, they took care of it. They follow up all the time,  and their front staff are amazing. I refer then to everybody. My husband has met him at my visits and agrees he's much better than the dr I had with my first baby.
1	I've been seeing Dr. Lopez for years, he even delivered my first baby. But I can definitely say I will never be back. I'm in shock with how I was treated by him and his staff today. His office wanted to charge me a copay despite the fact that my insurance company covers wellness checks 100% (it's a new policy, I'm told). Because I refused to pay something that wasn't owed... they sent me into Dr. Lopez's office to discuss it with him (odd I know). He explained it's because insurance companies promise to pay them but don't. And they're not getting their money. Then complained about how much time they spend calling insurance providers. I told him, it sounded like his office has billing issues... and reiterated that I wouldn't pay an unnecessary copay... in hopes of receiving a refund later. Basically they want to hold my money ransom until insurance pays up. Dr. Lopez has never had issues getting money from my insurance company, ever!! After arguing with me, and telling me I don't know how insurance companies work, he told me he couldn't see me if I didn't pay the 25 dollars. Obviously, I left. I don't care if he delivered my first baby... Any doctor who cares more about 25 (that again wasn't owed to him) than a patient's health care is scum. My insurance company called his office and told him if he doesn't stop this, they'll report him. I hope other people stand up for what is right. If he's getting paid incorrectly he needs to take it out on the insurance companies, not the patient. I hope he doesn't get away with this, it's criminal. I'm completely disappointed!
