5	went to a nice retirement dinner here. The rooftop view was nice, albeit a bit too sunny at the time. the service and food was also great.
1	Based on other reviews on Yelp, I contacted the University Club to schedule a wedding reception.  This was the venue of choice for many reasons.  Sadly.... the contact person forgot our scheduled appointment.  When she showed up, she forgot to bring the "kit" explaining menus, prices etc.  She said she'd send them.  When she did--she left out the specific things I asked about.  After multiple UNRETURNED voice mail messages and emails, I gave up and went to the William Penn where people return phone calls and reply to emails.  I suggest that you do the same.
3	Good place for meetings. The conference rooms are spacious and well-appointed. Overall, everything looks renovated and new. Food items here have been a bit mediocre, hence the 3 star rating, but they haven't been bad. Service has been nice.Right now, they are doing a lot of construction on this street, so it's a bit hard to get to if you parked at the next door Soldiers and Sailors parking deck, but that's the best place to park - their own lot is a bit small.
5	Delicious food and a very friendly and helpful staff. Come early to your event to ensure close parking.; especially if there is a Pitt or Steeler game.
2	Good food, cheap buffets Tuesday & Thursday ($4.99!), but you have to be, or know, a member. The ambiance is pretty nice, especially in the private dining rooms and the library for members. The food is simple, but a good value for the money. Drinks can be a bit pricy. BUT, if the egos here could get any bigger... Membership is only $15 a month for Pitt faculty and staff, but this might as well be the Duquesne Club in terms of attitude. Don't even think about brining a student here because the crabby professors will voice their displeasure. If you're not a regular, then you will be made to wait. It's a shame because the food & decor are fairly good.
5	We held our wedding here and had a great experience. Kaila, the event planner, was very responsive throughout the process and was great about answering our questions and making sure all the details were in place. (She joined the University Club team in 2014, so the older reviews with negative comments about the event planners are based on different people.) The servers and staff at the reception were friendly and helpful, and several of our guests commented on how nice everyone was. The club offers an extensive menu of choices for your drinks, appetizers, and entrees, and everyone enjoyed the food at our wedding very much. The set-up looked great, and everything went smoothly. Thank you, University Club!
4	If you work at Pitt, or are a life member of the Pitt Alumni Association, you can join as a member of the University Club (or U-Club as the cool kids call it).  This is my go to spot for lunch - daily they have a "themed" buffet that is very reasonably priced and almost always plentiful and tasty.  For example, macaroni bar day.  Need I say more?  Yeah, delicious mac and cheese with a bunch of awesome toppings.  And a salad.  And dessert.  For well under $10.  And you can make as many trips as you want.  BOOM! In addition to the College Room (this is where the delicious buffets are along with a well stocked bar) there is the Fraternity Grill.  This is where you just might run into a Pitt VIP, a physics professor, or just a regular staff member (like myself) who wanted to do a little fine dining.  This area is fairly small and it is always best to make a reservation.Finally, the University Club hosts one of the BEST views for happy hour during the spring and summer.  The rooftop bar.  Overlooking Soliders and Sailors Memorial Hall and the magnificent Cathedral of Learning here you can have a fancy cocktail (or a beer) and peer over Oakland.  This alone makes joining the U-Club worth it.
