3	A quick review of a place I went to luch today...Courthouse Tavern is your standard Bar & Grill. No frills (although a nice TV setup behind the bar). Standard fare (apps, burgers, sandwiches, etc.). Decent service.I had "The People's Choice" sandwich, which was a chicken breast with provolone, bacon, and grilled red peppers. At first, I thought it was a tad small, but it turned out to be prefectly portioned. It would have been nice to have more than 2 grilled peppers on it, but overall, it was VERY tasty. I will get that again. It came with red potatoes, which were just OK. Nothing special.Warning to any tea drinker: they only have "soda-fountain" tea, so it was (Bill Walton voice) "terrrrrruhbull".The service was fine. Nothing fancy, nothing bad.I will write more upon my return to Pitt, when I go back for wings/beer (which I almost did today).
2	My friends and I used to come here for lunch at least once/week for over a year. I'm not sure why we lasted so long.The menu offers a good variety of various bar foods. The warden burger, the atticus finch burger, various salads and sandwiches, etc.The service is decent but the food itself is hit or miss. Sometimes the burgers or steak in the steak salad were properly cooked, others times not so much. This inconsistency in the food led us to consider other places.
3	In downtown for work and yelp for a good burger place and decided to give this a try..easy to find location, seated right away at the bar lunch crowd was filling up and people were being seated in the upstairs. Ross the bartender went over the menu got me a drink and recommended some items. went with the burger insanity chesse, mushroom, red pepper. and coleslaw for the side...burger was good perfect i was alittle sadden by the lack of mushroom and peppers but after the first bite i was glad the burger was sesoned great and had great flavor the toppings didn't override the burger but added some unique flavors ..the bun was soft and held together. drinks were refilled regularly and i was checked on often ...so have to say the Courthouse Tavern was  a good find in a city with lots of choices.
4	Walk into the place around 8pm.  A quick scan of the place revels that there are 3 people in the place, two of which worked there; This is usually this is a bad sign.  But this placed seems ok.  The chicken sandwich I ordered was great.  The keg was fresh, according to the bartender.  The service was fast and the bartender very friendly.  I would come back if I was in back in the area.
4	Amanda, behind the bar, is a Guinness lover and pours the best pint I've had outside of my home pub (Black Badger, Cambridge, Ontario). It really is true art when done right!!!Having said that, returned the next day and got an abomination from the male bartender who did not introduce himself. Major "bishop's collar". A disappointment after yesterday's pint. They lost a star for that...
3	I stopped in to have a seasonal pumkin beer, and the Courthouse Tavern delieved. I had a Horny Goat pumpkin ale, that was on tap. It was oh so yummy,  just the right amount of pumpkin, nutmeg and spice.
4	Great potatoes, sandwiches, and quesadillas. Friendly staff. Not a sports bar fan, but this is great food.
3	Being a city I've spent barely any time in, when I saw this bar pop up as the only true dive bar downtown for a Saturday night at 9pm, one I was concerned for Pittsburgh but also realized it could either be the lawyer hang out, or, what it was, where the other side of the law may linger. When I entering we were welcomed by a guy who was spouting epithets at the bartender about not being treated as an equal, racial slurs, and making his case that he hadn't received the drink he paid for (which, according to witnesses he did). Amidst the fracas the bartender was still prompt on service. This space is brightly lit, all 9 people in the place were at the bar, and the touch tunes juke box is just waiting to be taken over by Britney and Miley songs. I don't know what the standard is for Pittsburgh beers on tap, but the list here was impressive. Great Lakes had the most featured. Being felt hung out to dry, errr, abandoned in the cold on empty streets around our hotel felt really odd. If you're staying at any hotel in -- The Point district? -- prepare to either spend $10 on craft cocktails in crowded rooms, cheap drinks at gay bars (good on you, Pittsburgh!), walk to Market Square for Winghart's, or leave the area. Or, well, go to Courthouse Tavern for a low key -- despite the sole despot killing the good vibes -- drink in the booths at Courthouse Tavern.
3	This is another place that just popped up on my list as "you should review this" when i swear I reviewed it back in May 2014.  Anyway, stopped here for lunch and it was a decent experience.  My chicken sandwich with bacon and cheese was good.   They had a decent beer selection although the beer I got tasted funky.  I should have ordered something that was ordered more frequently because mine tasted like old tap line gunk.The lady bartender was nice.Decent choice downtown.
