4	I'm an avid sneaker collector, but not an avid runner. My gym routines and athletics traditionally haven't been built around running Long distances. They've usually involved lifting weights and a variety of cardio machines and/or sports like pickup basketball, boxing or tennis. But since Charlotte weather is usually great I decided that I was going to incorporate running and outdoor running specifically. I decided to bypass the usual sneaker spots (footlocker, finishline, dicks, sports authority, champs) to get running shoes and advice specifically for me. Run for life is a great place for that. Here the sales associates are all avid runners themselves and really are like consultants.  They're also very friendly and want to build a bit of a relationship with you, which is great. They encourage you to try shoes and don't mind if you try several pairs on several sizes for the perfect pair. They also watch you run around in the store to see your running stride and determine the right shoe. They're very good at what they do. I've purchased two pairs there since moving to Charlotte last year. Their prices are consistent with retail and they do have sales from time to time. My only knock on run for life is their selection. They do have shoes for every type of runner, but don't always have the latest styles or colors. I remember coming in a couple of times with the intention of buying a particular shoe that I had expected them to have, only to find that they still only carried the older model. But I also understand that they operate differently than some of the bigger chains like the ones mentioned above and in order to stay in business they sometimes have to pick and choose what shoes they carry. Which is why I definitely recommend run for life. You might find better selections at the other places, but their sizing and running expertise is top notch.
5	This is my favorite running store. The manager is knowledgeable and helpful and is an avid runner.  Customer service is top notch. I always find the latest styles and up to date running apparel.
5	Came in looking for some running gear. Friendly service and the staff was very knowledgable.
