4	My wife and i were in the mood for Mexican and decided to try Zapata's. What an awesome choice. We got there right around 1 and were a little scared that there wasn't much of a crowd inside, but decided to push on. We were quickly greeted and seated.  The inside is nice and cozy with a outdoor/indoor southwest/Mexican theme. As soon as we were seated a server brought us a huge bowl of salsa chips and two glasses of water. We figured out that the water was to help with the spice in the salsa, unfortunately that's the only thing good about the salsa it was tomato paste based so it tasted a little like spicy pizza sauce to me.  We also ordered a thing of cheese dip. Smokey, spicy, large (it felt like that bowl was bottomless)  and delicious. For lunch my wife ordered the nachos, large portion of chips  topped with chicken, beans, peppers, sour cream, and guacamole.  She liked them but f.y.i. they use shredded chicken,& shredded cheese vs fajita chicken & cheese dip.  I ordered the fish tacos.  (3 flour tortillas with thin sliced fried fish with a chipotle cream sauce served with rice and beans) These puppies were awesome. They were pretty spicy but soooooo very good.  All in all it was GREAT food GREAT service  only thing i could find any fault on was the salsa. I'm looking forward to going back.
5	Moved from NY four years ago and have eaten at this restaurant more than I can count....it is ALWAYS good!! The food is authentic and consistent. I always ask for the "special" salsa that you will not get unless you ask for it. It is very hot but probably the best salsa that I have tasted. My kids also really enjoy this place and I would consider it a nice family place to take them. Also, Sunday the kids eat for free!!!
3	I hope this is not the best Mexican food available in the entire city of Charlotte and if this is what people consider authentic Mexican or even tex-mex - wow! However, the place is still fun and the food is belly-filling. The jalapeno cheese dips were crazy popular with my dinner mates - we ordered one with meat, one plain, and one with spinach. The spinach combo was addictive.Service was fantastic and attentive and almost loving!
4	As a native Southern Californian I grew up on Mexican food whether prepared by my Mexican American Family or at any of the multitudes of taquerrias throughout  Southern California. Forget the multitude of restaurants and roadside cartas within the great country of Mexico I have been fortunate enough to come across on my journeys south of the border.The greatest thing about Zapatas Mexican Cantina "The Employees" the food is good for what it is, dumbied down Mexican food for the average Joe. It wasn't too long ago there was no other choice but to put up with the dumby downed mexican restaurants in Charlotte but over the past ten years or so there has been an influx of great authentic Mexican restaurants and Taquerrias springing up all over Charlotte mainly on South Blvd and Central. If you are not as adventurous as The Epicurean Cowboy. Than perhaps this is as good as it gets for you. Again not a bad place and made even better by the great staff. Escpecially Olevera our favorite. BTW the special salsa upon request is perhaps the best in Charlotte. As a matter of fact I will go on record and declare it is by far the best I have experienced in North Carolina.
5	My wife and I are from California and grew up on good Mexican food.  This is our favorite mexican place in town.  We are big fans of the Street Tacos.
1	I have been to this restaurant a few times.  Every time we were there because we were looking for places to dance (my workout exercise).  Every Saturday night, they have salsa, bachata music for a few hours.  We normally got there early at around 9 pm.  Right, the customers had never been close to ten each time.  I always like to have red wine, desert and snack.The crowd will not come till around midnight when they change the music to reggaeton then you will see hundreds of young people flood into the restaurant.  There were not enough seats for everyone and there was no room to walk thro'.  People are drinking and dancing within the limited place. Doubted if they just love that jostling feel.Normally once I see the crowd, we will start to leave.  There are always police around the parking lot.On a Saturday last month, without knowing they called celebration of Columbia night, we went down in a whole family of four as we had children visiting.  Out of my surprise, they charged $15.- per person just to get in.  No drink, no nothing.  It was my friend who did not want to upset the party, he paid for it.  What?  $60.- to just get into the crowd with no seats.  Later he found some friends who gave us a few seats.  Honestly I was not happy at all.The floor is carpet.  Price of the drink is above average.I talked with many of my friends, everyone said $15.- entrance is outraged.  Even I never have to pay, I still consider not a place for me.  I know they do charge for entrance, check out before you go unless you do not mind.
1	Just find out they cancel the dancing night on Saturday.  If you are looking for dancing, check it out before you go.
2	Salsa was ok.  Chips were good.  Agree w/ another reviewer that said the place smelled like old, stale, bleachy, mop water which made me question how clean it was.  Carpet was dirty.  Food was just average.  I was craving Mexican food and this place just didn't deliver.  I won't be back.
5	Some of the best mexican food I had in NC. I have yet to find any in NC to compare to!
2	It was one of those nights. Perfect weather for dining outside, good friends to converse with and time...lots of time. All we needed was a place to dine. It was a unanimous vote. Mexican! So we elected to get out of York Co. and head to Charlotte. Zapata's Ballantyne. Upon arrival we asked for an outside table. We were instead sat inside. Yes, there were plenty of tables available  both in or out. But that didn't matter too much to this gang. We were ready to grub so what did matter most was the food. The chips were hot, the salsa not. But they had green salsa, which is VERY hot and a big hit with the guys at our table. (Hint. You have to ask for it. Not on the menu.) The only complaint with the entree's we ordered was the Pollo Fundido has a slice of american cheese melted on the top. NO AMERICAN CHEESE should ever be allowed on anything...PERIOD! Will I return? Maybe. I think it deserves another shot. My lunch experience was 100% better than my dinner one. Just sayin'!
4	My husband and I just moved here from California and after having our share of California burritos we were open to trying Zapata's. The food was really good but what impressed us was the service. I've been here twice already and each time the service was great. They are very attentive, we went on cinco de Mayo and as busy as they were we still got excellent service. My husband is hard to impress since he loves Southern California Mexican spots, but he really liked the food at Zapata's, we will be visiting this place more often.
4	Went to Zapatas on a Tuesday night for dinner at 6:30pm.   No wait for a table - they immediately sat us outside (weather was gorgeous).  Service was fairly prompt - the chips kept a rollin' out all night.  The food is as you would expect, meaning good but not out of this world.  I've been here many times and for the first time tried a menu option outside of my normal comfort zone.....Pollo con Mole - chicken breast braised in a sweet spicy peanutbutter based sauce with a hint of cinammon.  Really interesting flavors.  I think I'll add it to the rotation.Other guests in our party that night had fajitas which looked and smelled delicious.  The margarita pitcher didn't last long, but not because it was small, because they're pretty darn good.I'm a fan.
3	Living in South Carolina means Mexican food does not come by very often. I think the last time I had food like this was in February, so I've been pretty hard pressed for non-Moe's food.With that in mind, Zapata's has plenty of non-burrito options, but for the fare of enchiladas, tacos, and a pretty extensive specialities menu, I thought it was kind of expensive. I got the enchiladas de mole, and even though the rice and beans were pretty standard, it was just what I wanted for my fix. I liked the mole sauce and the salsas for the table, but I noticed that our food looked like it had been waiting for a little bit when it came out. One of my friends ordered the Street Tacos, and she contests that they are among the best she's ever had. I think the aura of the place and the service is what makes Zapata's stand out from the neighborhood Mexican fixture of long combination menus. The place is huge on the inside, and the high ceilings had good decorations and a lot of conversation buzzing around. My favorite item was a line of rusty horse sculptures bursting out of the wall.It's definitely worth checking out for a birthday as well: lots of surprises and fun that only an energetic and attentive wait-staff can bring.
3	We went to Zapata's for the first time and it was good.  Laid back atmosphere with good service.  My husband and I shared the fajitas and they were great.   I would say that the salsa served with the chips was not great.  It had good flavor but was soupy.  All in all though, it was a good experience and we'll go back.
4	I enjoy going to Zapata's when I'm in the area.  The food, atmosphere and staff are great.  I've tried several dishes and have been impressed with everything so far!  The only thing I'm not a fan of is the salsa, it's lacking flavor to me.
3	Ouch!  Usually this would be at LEAST a 4-star review from me.  When I worked in Cornelius I used to go to Zapatas a few times a week for what we liked to call "Mexican Therapy" lunches.I was so excited when my (new) boss asked if we wanted to do a late lunch at Zapatas this past week in Ballantyne.We were seated fast, asked for waters and a chance to look over the menu, given chips and salsa, delivered waters, and were left there for 25 minutes.  One of the women at my table physically got up and got us napkins.  Then about 10-15 minutes later she walked over and asked them to take our order.  It was crazy.  All three of the waiters were sitting in the back (within eye-shot), but just didn't come over to our table.So we got our food pretty fast and then were brought one check.  We put our cards out-they just sat there.  When one of the guys came over to fill up our waters we asked him to please take the check even though he wasn't our waiter.  Poor thing had no idea what we were asking him to do.  Finally we wrapped everything up and got out of there within 1.5 hours.I still give this place a 3 stars because I honestly believe that maybe they were just having an off day.  Even my boss, who goes there at least 2 times a week said that this was strange for them.The food is great--I always get disappointed when Mexican Restaurants don't serve tamales, but it's cheap and usually pretty fast service.Wish I could've shared better news here!
1	The food was totally gross! We had a bad experience at the one in University and decided to try again with this one, it was still disgusting. Bathrooms were disgusting too.
2	First of all, I'll confess I've only been here with the children I've babysat... so the chaos that usually accompanies groups of kids may have partially swayed my opinion. On another note, this also gives Zapata's points for being kid-friendly... kids eat free on Sundays!Chips and queso here are really good. And the decor is nice and colorful and not way too tacky (like a lot of "cantinas").Zapata's does have a vegetarian section of their menu, positive points for that... but only 6 options. I definitely gobbled up most of my "Champinon" burrito, but it was a little salty and not as fresh as I'd prefer. I'd most likely go here during work again, but not on my own.
5	Our favorite mexican restaurant.  The fajitas are fantastic.  Everytime we come in, they know us by name and exactly what we want!
4	This review will be short and sweet....There are a few simple reasons why I gave this restaurant 4 stars.  I don't think they are the best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte, but they do have some good things to offer:1.  The chips and salsa are excellent...the salsa is fresh and the chips are crunchy.  The chips are NOT greasy, which is a nice change.2.  They offer balck beans instead of the traditional refried---which I enjoy the option to mix it up!3.  The veggie fajitas offer REAL veggies, not just a pile of salt with a few onions in a fajita sauce.  They actually have fresh broccoli, cauliflower, peppers, and onions.  Very tasty, fresh and NOT overly salty.  They also weren't drenched in a fajita sauce, so that was awesome.  Finding good VEGGIE fajitas is difficult to do so I always try to make mention of it!!The service wasn't very good but the atmosphere is nice and the food presents well.  I still think the prices are a little higher than some of the other really good mexican restaurants around town but overall decent option when in a pinch.
1	Food was pretty bad. Over cooked chicken, and the ingredients did not seem fresh.  The restaurant was  dirty with BUGS crawling all over a wall by the kitchen. I was told that they had recently switched their pest control company. You might not need pest control if your restaurant was clean. I like hole in the wall restaurants, greasy spoon so I am not turned off by a little grit but this places food was bad, and it just felt super dirty  and the Bugs grossed us out. I did not finish my meal. We will not be back.
3	When I am in the mood for Mexican food in the Ballanytne area, I generally think of Senior Tequila or Cantina 1511 instead of Zapatas. Its been quite a while since I have eaten here because my last visit wasn't very memorable.  However, when someone suggested it for lunch the other day, I was game to give them another try.  We arrived at around 12:15 and were seated immediately.  They offered a good selection of lunch specials in addition to the normal lunch menu.  I decided to go with one of the chicken burrito specials which was served with a side salad.  The food was pretty good and the service was a-ok.
2	We ate there yesterday and all I can say is the food was ok, average no the best Mexican I ever had but good, the real downfall for me was the waitress , bus boy was good and quick with chips and salsa but other than that service sucked!!!!
3	While this is not my favorite Mexican restaurant, the food is good and service around lunchtime is a-ok.  They do have some nice choices for lunch specials, which are very reasonably priced.   I am a fan of the Fronterra Burrito which includes rice, black beans, chicken & cheese that is served with a side salad.  Chips & salsa are tasty and plentiful, so remember not to fill up before your entree arrives!
2	Overpriced and slow service. The food is just ok.
5	This place is fantastic.  Great service, food and atmosphere.  Awesome lunch specials, great salsa and chips.   Highly recommend this place.
4	Discovered this place because of a coupon in the Charlotte City Pass book. Excellent. Beautiful restaurant and everything from the complimentary chips and salsa at the beginning to the end, everything is fantastic.
3	Zapata's, tu es OK, amigo.No muy bueno, no muy mal. Tu es asi asi.Seriously folks - Zapata's is great for those people who don't love Mexican food. Or who don't like spicy things. Or who have 5 kids to feed with the purchase of 1 entree on Tuedays (or whatever day that is).But for those true Meh He Cano cuisine lovers out there, skip Zapata's and come to East Charlotte to party with the authentic places. If you don't want to drive that far, head to Stonecrest and enjoy some Cantina 1511. But don't waste anytime here - you'll leave saying "Eh... it was alright" and to be honest, life's too short to eat OK Mexican food.
4	Loved this place. The atmosphere is great, and the food was better. My service wasn't too great, but the food made up for it. Their salsa tastes fresh and spicy, their rice and beans were hot and to die for, and my quesadilla was possibly the best I've ever had. If their service was better I'd rate it higher.
3	Got home late from work on Friday didn't feel like cooking yada yada yada.  When you have young children you have got to find a place that is "child friendly".  Zapatas fits the bill.  Now, in my single days I used to go here all the time and the food was great, and I like that it is a step up from the places that you order a #14 and they bring you a plate of mixed crap, rice and beans.They have a nice menu at Zapatas, kids meals are $3.99 which is a plus since my kids hardly eat anyway and we wind up throwing 1/2 the meal away.  First I noticed that their chips are different from the days of yore, they are thicker and don't seems freshly made.  You might say to yourself "Self, why does chip thickness matter", well I'll tell you why, if the chips are too thick and hearty and you eat too many because they're coupled with the most AWESOME white queso cheese dip you're too full for the meal! I ordered the Street Tacos which were just meh.  Nothing special and they hardly had any flavor.  The chicken was flavorless and there weren't many caramelized onions to add to the mix.  They used to have pulled chicken which was simmered in some kind of sauce which made the dish much mmore tasty.  The rice was terrible and the refried beans had a bitterness about them which made me leave them alone.  And for the love of Christmas, why they put the dollop of guacamole on top of lettuce baffles me.  They all do this and it doesn't allow you to use the full amount of guacamole on your dish since it gets caught up in the shreds of lettuce STOP IT!!!I don't know what else to say.  Zapatas wasn't like the good old days last night, I fear they have gotten into the same pitfall as other restaurants of cheapening their product to save money in this crazy environment
4	This was our first time going, despite having lived right around the corner for a couple years. Was surprised to see how big it was inside. Always thought it was more of a hole in the wall, but it's quite expansive inside. Nice enough decor.Our server (Chuy) was great, but the bar was slow making our drinks. It wasn't busy, so I was perplexed. I had a beer, practically impossible to screw up, and my partner had the Mojito Mexicano. I hate mojitos, but as a bartender, I knew it was a good drink. Was on the stronger side, too. Which is NEVER a problem!DO order the guacamole fresca. Our server made it table side, and it was exactly the way I like my guacamole, fresh and creamy. YUM! I'll be back for this reason alone. We both ordered the Baja Fish Tacos. They didn't look that delicious, but they were pretty damned tasty. Lots of tilapia inside. Usually I have no problem downing a order of three, but had to pack one up. The beans and rice served with it were yummy as well. Everything was piping hot, which is a pet peeve of mine. Points for that. All in all, I'm excited to return and try some of their other dishes.
2	Before I get started, I'll admit right out of the gate that Zapata's deserves a 2 1/2 star rating.  But since that isn't available I'll round down.  My review has a lot to do with my past experience and how far I believe they've fallen off.I lived in Ballantyne for about five years, but moved closer to center city about six years ago.  While I lived in south Charlotte, this was one of my favorite places to frequent.  Huge plates, tons of fresh veggies, everything cooked great.Well, after visiting this past weekend - boy things have really fallen off.  To be completely fair it is relatively on a par with most other Mexican restaurants.  But I don't pay $18 for a plate at any other Mexican place, and if I did I would want it to be better than Zapata's turned out.  I opted for the steak, shrimp and veggies (okay, I admit that isn't a typical meal at a Mexican restaurant).  Steak was waaay overcooked, as were the shrimp.  The veggies were good, just not as many as I had come to expect.  All in all the meal was just "eh".A big point of frustration for my fiance came when she ordered drinks for our group: two girls and two guys.  When the drinks were brought to us, there were two large glasses (given to the guys) and two small glasses(given to girls).  The bar had ran out of clean dishes and - instead of washing a couple of cups - just made two sizes and charged her regular price for all.  In fairness they did make it right, but who wants to have to go complain about something like that.All in all, Zapata's is not a terrible restaurant, but for the price I can eat a lot better.  I doubt I'll be back.
4	I have been here about 8-10 times and I love it. Great service, very good food, nice atmosphere and fair prices. It is my favorite Mexican place in town, hands down. Surprised by the mediocre reviews on here as everyone I know likes it too. I recommend a pitcher of sangria too. Guacamole is good too.
4	Try the TIO PIO...Does that mean Uncle Pio?  It is basically a bacon wrapped jumbo shrimp taco with a cilantro cream sauce...scrumptious...
4	Sunday is kids eat free day! Plus their salsa and street tacos are awesome and authentic. If you aren't into authentic then try something else. :)
3	Upon entering Zapata's, I felt like I was walking to a Chi-Chi's, which was a special occasion back home in Va Beach when I was a lil evil monster because of my dad's dislike for indigestion-causing foods and chains.  Brightly painted walls and interior decorations made it feel like an Americanized version of a Mexican villa.  Nice digs, it was kitschy homey.  Located over by the burger joint in Ballantyne that shan't be named (bleh), I headed here for an after work meal that was going to require cheese dip.  And cheese dip was had ($4.50).  Creamy and very good, served with substantial chips that held up to the dipping, but I was quickly filling up on.  The table salsa was cilantro-heavy with a kick, so I passed on that.  My entree order was a General Combo, which is a pick 2 combo that I chose a chimichanga and a taco for, both beef.  The combo comes with rice and beans ($11).  The beef was over-seasoned - the first thought was too salty, but it wasn't just salt.  And not over-seasoned meaning spicy - just too much stuff that overwhelmed everything.  I poured what was left of my queso on everything and ate what I could.  The rice was typical mexican joint rice, as was the beans, though the beans had a little more flavor than most places, almost a little smoky - but in general the same rice/bean taste as Azteca, Monterrey, etc. The service was exceptional (it says Hector on my receipt).  He was friendly and attentive, my drink never went empty and he checked on me without aggravating.  Overall a good experience, but nothing extraordinary.
3	The food was unimpressive. The waitress hounded us about ordering - every 2 minutes she came by but then when I wanted a refill and a box I couldn't find her. There are lots of Mexican Restaurants around here to pick from and this one just isn't good enough to return to.
2	I so wanted to like this place, but the service and food were both disappointing. After being seated we were served chips & salsa. The chips were stale & the salsa looked liked a soup, too runny for my liking. I requested new chips & they were just as bad as the first. As for our entrees, we had quesadillas & shrimp and chicken fajitas. The chicken in the quesadilla was non-existent and the fajita chicken tasted like they used taco seasoning out of a package. The rice and beans were the best part of the meal.As for the service, horrible. I know it was Friday night, but we could not did our server & when he did show up seemed very rude & rushed.
3	Food was okay, we didn't care for the chips and salsa. Not our favorite type of Mexican food.
2	As I've stated before in a previous review I used to come here all the time back in the day.  Zapatas has completely gone downhill and has now reached the classification of all the other # 14 Mexican type restaurants.  This is not sustainable in this area.There wasn't a wait tonight, Saturday which you used to have to wait at least 15 minutes especially is Ballantyne.  This tells me that other people have noticed the issues also.  the chips to start were much thicker and overcooked than they should be, the salsa was completely lacking in flavor and the entire "chips and salsa" experience kind of sucked.  I ordered the pork carnita tacos.  They now serve the tacos in this metal stand up thingy which is cool, in theory so the tacos don't tip over and dump out all of the stuff inside.  The problem is that the stand up thing is metal and they heat the plate up and besides the plate being piping hot when they serve it the metal stand up thing is like 400 degrees so you can't get to your taco until it cools off about 20 minutes after they set the plate down.  the tacos themselves also were lacking in flavor and were so greasy that I had to let them drip free of that orange color pizza type grease before I could eat them.  Beans and rice were, well, beans and rice. All in all it wasn't a good meal.I would prefer to have them raise their prices and beef up their quality to the level that they had years ago.  Right now it's pretty similar to going to every other Mexican joint and we already have plenty of those.
1	Well we should of just waited the 20 minutes at the burger joint but the no wait at Zapata's was too tempting.  I can remember having a decent Mexican meal back in the day and some really fun GNOs there but wow, have to say this was one of the worst Mexican meals ever!  The first red flag was the over toasted chips.  It's hard to screw up chips!  My teenage son ordered tacos and they were uneatable due to the amount of grease.  He said they were prepared from a "meat hose" like Taco Bell.  My husband and I shared the fajitas and they were tasteless.  Have to say the best part about my meal was the large Amber Dos Equis.  We threw our left over boxes in the trash on the way to the car.  On a positive note, the wait staff was very friendly but that won't keep you in business with high prices (yes they are proud of their sub-par food) and terrible food.
2	I love Mexican and a super long time ago (circa 2000) I remember Zapatas (University) being really good. No mas. No bueno. The salsas to start were watery and the mild tasted solely of black pepper. That was just weird. The chips were plentiful but very bland. They needed salt in a bad way and I rarely need to add salt to anything. We were barely seated less then a minute when the waitress asked if we were ready to order.  Seriously. I had just opened my menu. Also, no specials on Saturday? That was weird. I ordered the chimichanga and asked for queso on the side because I like my chimichanga crunchy. When it came out, there was some other red sauce on it. Dang. Defeated the purpose of a crispy shell but at that point I was ready to eat anything besides the chips and bad salsa. I really wanted this place to be awesome so it could go in the rotation of "Places we can walk to for Lunch".  It deserves 1 1/2 stars but I'll be generous and give them a 2. Save your money and put it towards gas to drive to a decent Mexican place.
2	The only good thing I can say about this place is the waitress was very friendly.  The chips and salsa were bland. The burrito was very boring. The carnitas tacos were dry. Nothing interesting or fresh.   Definitely not going back again.
5	chips/salsa/fajitas are amazing!
4	My family and I have been eating at Zapatas for years.  The staff is always friendly and the food is excellent.  My favorite dish is something you might never have had but I highly recommend the Pollo con Mole'.  Their Mole' sauce is sweeter than most others and I end up eating here many time just to get this dish.The atmosphere is nice and the restaurant is clean.
3	The food was good. However, the service sucked, for me. I practically had to wave down a waiter/waitress to ask for another beer. When I did get attention, their first response was "check?" And then they brought it anyway. Seemed like they were trying to get me out of the way. Granted, I was by myself, eating alone and it was the start of the dinner rush. I don't think this is an excuse for the neglect of service. What little I did interact with the staff, they were polite. Atmosphere was pretty cool, bathrooms were clean.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  It's so close to where I live and work, it would have been great to find a good Mexican restaurant nearby.  Alas, I was disappointed in the food and the service.  Enough to not go back again.
2	Zapata used to be the kick ass Mexican food joint to hit up. Sitting here it seems that they are under new management or something. Lunch menu is one page from 2 types of tacos, and burritos, to one chimichanga and a salad. I want the old Zapata back.......now!  :)
1	Thick stale chips, slow service, rude server, menu was lacking in choices. Taco,burrito,enchiladas.  About 2 maybe 3 choices each. Food its lacking flavor, and appeal.   Maybe dinner is better, but lunch its a bust in my book.  There we 2 of in our party for lunch, we both had the same dishes, the exception was I had beef and the other guest had chicken.  They ended up getting food poisoning from the chicken.  This is not a place to come if you are limited on time.  I will not be coming back to this location for any reason.
4	Update: My main gripe was getting slow service frequently and they've improved. So I will up my rating by 1 star.Most of the food is good, I especially like their tacos. The staff are also nice and friendly. The place is also beautifully decorated.The problem occurs with service. Like I said, the staff are nice but they can usually be slow and not come around to your table very often. This is being based off multiple visits, about 10 visits. Sometimes service is great! But 70% of the time food can be slow to come out on non busy times, drinks can take a while to be refilled, and there's been a couple times where processing the check takes a long time.So they need to work on service. But based off how many times I've said I visited, foods good. When they bring out your chips, ask for some queso dip, it's AWESOME.
3	Zapata's definitely has an accurate 3 star rating on Yelp.  It is far from authentic Mexican food, but it is inexpensive and ok.  The "World's Best Taco's" had little flavor and the steak was very tough.  Honestly, I would eat a Taco Bell taco over these.  Most of their other dishes, however, are better.  The enchiladas are very good.  The service is always quick and friendly.Zapata's is not a bad option for an inexpensive meal out but it is far from the best Mexican in the area.
1	Worst food ever! I eat mexican all the time and this was the most disappointing meal. 5 of us all had the most basic plain food.  The margarita had barely any liquor in it. The steak was so bland.  A complete waste of $!
5	We eat at Zapata's every few months.  The food is very good and reasonably priced.  Service is always good, with frequent refills on our drinks.  Complimentary chips and salsa.  Overall, consistently very good.
3	I'm really surprised this place doesn't have better reviews. I wasn't expecting much and I go more than expected. Simply put, this is a good ole' casual Mexican place. Nothing fancy, but quick, large portions of tasty Mexican tastiness which is priced very reasonably.I sat outside and our waiter was quick.The guacamole & queso were tasty followed by their enchiladas. I will be returning for sure!
2	I went here for lunch wasn't impressed at all. Looked over the menu which I found really small ordered a burrito on the menu was 7 something, it comes out, nothing major kinda on the small side wasn't to worried about it was lunch anyway. Tasted just fair, too many onions for my taste, I go to pay my bill is like 12 dollars, I got a burrito and a tea, WTF. Ofcourse the girl who waited on me couldn't understand nothing but her native tounge, ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I wont be back
1	Came on a Friday night around 7pm and there was no wait. Which should have tipped me off that something was wrong. My boyfriend and I had the slowest service we've had in a while. We also ordered the Philly appetizer which was decent at best, but a little chewy. I orderedFish tacos which were bland. And the frozen margarita didn't seem to have hardly any tequila. Not worth the $$ at all.
