1	Literally amazed.  13 days to send out a technician to hook up our new Internet connection.  Believe it.  Couldn't get Cox in our condo building unfortunately, so we're stuck with Century Link - some of the worst customer service I've ever experienced from a service provider.  The only saving grace - the folks on the phone were very nice... Albeit useless and unable to send out anybody to help us out earlier.  Truly amazing.
5	LOVE this company. We have better quality, less expensive and so much more than we ever did with Cox.  I'm glad Cox is no longer the monopoly.
1	Trying to rate Centurylink and Cox based on service is like trying to decide whether to move to Siberia or South Sudan. Expect useless run arounds on phone calls, no help on weekends, and a lot of hold time from both parties.
1	Peggy R., you don't even go here.Over the past 72 hours, I have been on the phone with Centurylink for an unbelievable cumulative 12 hours, talked to seven supervisors, and about 4837829 nakedly new technicians probably named Ming Ming. They have sent technicians out TWICE.. to wrong addresses that were not the one I have confirmed with them time and time over. It is an ENORMOUS complex, how do they get sent to the complex across the street and one blocks away?! They also sent me and charged me for a modem even though I told multiple representatives that I already had one. What a joke. Ironically, I was on the phone with Cox when I refused the package.Today, an activation notice was left on my door. Finally, right?Except when I called tech support to tell them I couldn't get it to work, they told me that it looked like "the service order was marked as completed, but they didn't activate the internet correctly here."Every time someone said they would take my number and call me back, they did not, specifically Jean, employee ID aa74847, and Kim S., ID aa95757. Most of the technicians tried to refuse to pass me to a supervisor until I screamed at them to physically stand up and personally hand the phone to their supervisor. They do not put notes in your account, so prepare to repeat your situation to every. single. person. that you talk to, and you will NEVER reach the same call center because it routes you all over the place from India to the scary hills in Alabama to Ohio and also probably hell. (On a side note, with Cox, residents in your area will always reach the same call center, which is fantastic, and I am so thrilLED ABOUT IT!)tl;dr: Don't be cheap and get Centurylink, it is NOT worth it. Cox has been everything Centurylink has not been. i luv u cox~~~
