5	Hands down (pun intended), the best massage facility that I have ever visited.  Urbana (not pronounced like the place where the University of Illinois is located - soft "a"s) sets the benchmark for all massage places.  I am not saying this lightly or jokingly.  I am serious.  Out of the 50 or so massages that I have had in my life, Urbana is on the top of the list.  The therapists are top-notch.  They are professionals.  People who are serious about massage.   They are not the types of people enjoy giving back rubs and want to make some extra money.  Urbana's therapists are serious about the art.  They are well educated and very talented.  The atmosphere is ideal: comforting, private, and very tastefully decorated.  It is clear that the proprietor put a lot of thought and effort into planning this unique spa.  The thought of combining a healthful massage with a rejuvenating tea bar is unique but seems so obvious.  After you have your massage, you can kick back and enjoy one of the 70+ different teas that they offer.   Urbana is the ideal place to get a massage.  Try it and you will not regret it.** Update - I recently had another massage there.  All I can say is "!!!"  This place is awesome.
4	I have to hand it to these people, they have the relaxing atmosphere down to a science.  They strive to provide a relaxing break from the outside world, and it works.  After only a few minutes in here I felt totally calm.  The lobby lighting is kept low and dusky.  The curtains are drawn both for privacy and to keep the sun from ruining your calm.  So even if you go in the afternoon like I did it still seems like sunset.  They, of course have the required Hindi music playing to set the mood even further.  It is nice to hear something though because all noise from the street and parking lot outside disappears when you walk inside.  I don't know how they do it.  Anyway, they also know how how whip up a good cup of tea.  Pick what ever you want from their extensive menu full of exotic flavors.  I recommend the dragon well tea, it was nice and light but flavorful.  I have not had a massage here yet, but I will surely be checking that out soon.
4	I've been to both of the Urbana locations on Hwy 51 & in Birkdale Village. I had a great massage with a girl walking on my back at the Birkdale location. However the traffic getting up there was fierce.I'm more partial to the Hwy 51 location since its a 5 minute drive from my house. The tea bar is nice, but skip the food. Its expensive and isn't filling. The wine list should be skipped over as well. The best part about the Urbana experience is the masseuses and the magic that they work on your aching body.
4	My husband and I love massages and needed to find a new place once we moved to Charlotte.  We tired Urbana (Pineville-Mathews) first and we were impressed but we were spoiled in Philadelphia at Ame.  So we decided to try a different spa.  We ended up coming back to Urbana because we didn't like the other place.  Now we get all our massages at Urbana (just needed to give it another chance).I've had several massage therapist there and all have their different styles of the swedish massage.  The massage rooms are nice, little small but I'm not walking around so that really doesn't matter. The atmosphere is tranquill and the employees are all very nice and friendly.  The tea is good but I've never bought any loose leaf tea from them.
3	Went to the Birkdale location. Good massage but overpriced when you can get equal quality at lower cost elsewhere... neither location is really convenient to center city.
4	This review is solely for the tea bar, as I haven't indulged in a massage...yet! Once I do, I'll be sure to update this review...In short, Urbana hosts an ah-mazing tea bar with extremely educated & kind staff. They offer more than 100 loose teas, and whether you're a tea aficionado or tea is new to you, I guarantee you'll find something you fancy. Plus, the folks behind the tea bar really know their stuff and, thus, you're guaranteed a tea-ducation if you like. Or, just hang out here - that's cool too.I learned about Jasmine Pearls and Oolong, white tea and chai. Plus, if you're looking for a nifty tea pot or accessory, they have 'em! Word to the wise - loose leaf tea here starts at $2.50 per ounce, with a 2 oz. minimum. So, it's not super cheap, but you most certainly get what you pay for. Urbana definitely takes the time to cater to your tea preferences and, next time I'm in the area, I know I'll be back to have a cup!
4	Came here for a recent CMYE event. It's also right next to my office, so it's convenient. What a relaxing place with a friendly staff. I tired 3-4 teas at their tea bar and also perused the merchandise they had for sale (tea, tea pots, infusers, etc). Lindsay was at the tea bar and was both knowledgeable and patient with my questions :). I didn't like anything to sweet, so she directed me to a perfect mix of low caffeine and great flavor. It was all so good, I had to buy a 2 oz bag (smallest loose leaf size they sell) at $3/oz. Not bad. I also bought a new tea pot! They also do massages and have wine and champagne. I'll be getting all my tea from here from now on!
5	Urbana has a very beautiful and relaxed atmosphere. The staff are kind and knowledgeable about the products available. Spa area:The rooms are themed and each has a very relaxing atmosphere. My massage therapist, Tym, was knowledgeable, friendly and super talented! He helped work out a bunch of the knots I get in my shoulders from my Daily Grind desk job. He made sure I was comfortable and relaxed and before I knew it, an hour was up! Once I got out, I immediately booked my next appointment!Tea Bar:There is a slew of loose leaf teas; and from what I saw each variation has a couple different blends (for example, there was an Egyptian Chamomile, a Lavender Chamomile, and a couple other Chamomile blends). Definitely makes it so you won't get bored of any kind of tea any time soon!By Charlotte's standards, this place is open late on the weekdays too. They're open until 10pm and are always open to providing people with an atmosphere to relax at after the work day.On my way out, I picked up a Lavender Chamomile tea as well as an Indian Chai on my way out. It was hard to decide on just two seeing they had a huge selection!I'm definitely planning on returning to here some point soon.
1	We usually by our teas from a store in SP Mall, but decided to try this place because of an online deal we bought, before that we had never heard of it, now we know why.  The teas smell good, but don't taste anything like that. We bought 4 different teas, so you can't say we didn't have variety or really give it a try. Boy were we disappointed, the teas are so bad we haven't been able to drink more than one cup, the rest is headed for the trashcan. Our advice, stick with the teas from the store in SP Mall.
4	We've been to Urbana a few times and try to go every time we get one of their email specials as prices are steep. It's a bit of a drive for us, but totally worth it as we've always had a wonderful experience. We immediately wind-down upon entering Urbana (pronounced with a long "a"). The lounge area is very nice and they offer hot tea while you wait to head into the massage rooms. There are also candles, soap, eye masks, tea pots, and other items for sale to help you reach the same level of relaxation at home. I bought one of their relaxation eye masks that I keep in the freezer and pull out whenever my allergies are really bad as it helps clear my sinuses and the lavender smell puts me right to sleep. The massage therapists are all very knowledgeable and cater to your needs. This visit I had a guy named Michael, who I told that I've been doing crossfit, and he said he actually has quite a few crossfitting clients. He thus tailored my massage with some deep tissue and stretching that had me walking out of there feeling top-notch. Urbana is on the second floor of a shopping area where there is ample parking, even during peak weekend hours. And I heard them offer the woman in front of us $20 off of her next massage if she booked right there; what a deal! Definitely worth a trip, especially if you get on their email list and receive the specials that they send out pretty frequently.
5	Have not been here in a while, since I moved, but regularly went to see Erin and Lydia. Both are top notch an are great for either relaxation or when you are sore an have a bunch of knots. The place is designed really cool, and the staff is always very nice. You can go wrong here.
4	Not your typical "spa" where you go to a locker/change room and get in a robe and wait with a glass of wine for your masseuse. Here, the waiting area is out front (quite comfortable) with the tea bar calling your name. The masseuse calls you and from there you go into the massage room to discuss your problem areas. She then leaves and then you undress to what you feel comfortable in and wait under the covers for the masseuse to come back.  My brother was in town visiting for his birthday and he said all he wanted was to get a massage. After much research in the Charlotte area, this place came highly recommended and we were not disappointed. My massage was excellent.  If your bed isn't toasty warm enough be sure to speak up so you can get the most comfort as possible. We left making plans to come back the next time he's in town.
4	I have been to Urbana before for wine and appetizers, which I enjoyed very much... but today I went for a one- hour Olympian massage,  Of course, the place is beautiful and relaxing and each staff member that I encountered was very friendly and welcoming (unlike some other spas that I have visited in the past that were stuffy and snooty).  My massage therapist did a great job and I would definitley recommend Urbana overall. My only complaint is that the hour went by too fast! ;-) After the massage, my therapist brought me a bottle of water and invited me to help myself to some tea.  I had a walnut green tea and a lovely blueberry herbal tea.  Needless to say, I couldn't leave without first purchasing some loose teas to take home for later! (I selected Nirvana -which is a blend of white and green teas with candied fruits, and the Chamomile & Lavender -which is caffeine free, and the Blueberry Botanical - which is also caffeine free).  Definitely can't wait for my next massage!
3	My mom and I got the facial/massage combo that was running a special for November. I thoroughly enjoyed my massage and so did my mom...5 stars. Those girls may be little, but they have strong hands. Can't say the same for the facial. I understand it's a mini facial (30min) but I've had mini facials before where they did alot (extractions included). our facial lady waltzed in and out of the room and put two masks on our faces and that was it!! I hardly think it was 30min. What a rip off. 1 star for the facial.
4	My first visit to Urbana was courtesy of a LivingSocial deal.  The visit had a rocky start as our reservations somehow vanished from the calendar.  About 30 minutes later, the manager and staff member made it right.  Although only I was able to enjoy a massage that day, it was well worth it.  Rebecca made herself available to provide the massage and she did not disappoint.  I was able to relax for a deep tissue massage (shortened to one hour) and I enjoyed it thoroughly.  Afterwards, I sat down for some of the delicious Black Tea with Vanilla Cream which was quite calming after the massage.  I went home with more tea, Pineapple Passion, Almond Cookies, and Gingerbread Cookies.  All delightful!  The staff at Urbana did a great job to remedy the situation so that the morning was not wasted.  That is exactly how a great business should be run.  My thanks to all!
3	I purchased 2 = 75 minute massages via Living Social.  I scheduled appointments for me and my wife for 12/2.  We were provided timeslots at 10:45 AM.  When we arrived, we were informed that our appointments had been cancelled.  It was not a great experience and I felt horrible.  My wife had taken the day off from work...and I had a full day of activities planned...including the massages.  After approximately 10 or more minutes for discussions between the front desk and "management" we were asked if we could reschedule for later or the next day. Unacceptable.  By this time, I really had no desire to remain.   I have stated that I will return this business....only because, Nancy and Robert made a very good effort to do all they could.  They were able to find "one" therapist...so my wife was able to get a massage.  They also provided retail products equivalent to the cost of what I paid for the sessions.  I hope that "management" gets to the root cause of how/why our appointments were cancelled.  I will admit that my wife enjoyed her session...and that made a difference.  I hope that no one ever has to experience any "mysterious" cancellations....it REALLY destroyed the mood of the full day I had planned for me and my wife.  We recovered....but it is only important that I share this information!   Thanks...and I will give Urbana another opportunity one day!
5	Going there for several years now.  No real reason to try other places as they are the best in the area.  Convenient for the South Charlotte crowd.  Except for the fact my therapist probably needs a break, I'd be happy to spend 2 hrs instead of my usual 90 minutes.  She fixes my hunched over computer broken body every time!
4	Tea bar review. The spa services come at a hefty price, but the pot of tea hits the mark. The atmosphere is modern, quiet, and relaxing...they found the perfect balance to give its patrons a calm and nice place to stop and pass the time. The employees are helpful in directing you to a tasty tea. They offer a huge selection and the tea bar wall is stocked from top to bottom. I think I smelled at least a half-dozen teas before selecting one...they all seemed great!The front "waiting" room also works as a retail shop. You can find items to re-create the zen feel in your own humble abode. They have tea pots, cups, candles, bath salts, and more. In case you aren't able to get to the store/spa location, the owners also can be found selling select bags of tea at Atherton Mill Market.
5	This place has everything I want in a massage/spa ...excellent treatments, relaxing environment, fantastic professional staff and great perks that leave you feeling pampered. Since my day of birth falls on a Monday this year I decided to take an hour out of my work day and get a massage. I have gone to several places in the area but still haven't found one that I am in LOVE with...well I found it! I used a livingsocial deal for a one-hour pineapple  passion massage (including a shea butter massage and foot scrub). I walked in about 15 minutes prior and right away I was greeted and given a delicious beverage (they have complimentary teas or champagne to choose from).  This place would be perfect for a girls spa day or get-together as it was large and trendy though somehow quite relaxing! Brittany was my masseuse and did an excellent job. Not too soft and limp yet not wince inducing either...just right, a medium firmness. She did not skimp and I felt as though every part of me (appropriate parts mind you) was attended to.  I have never felt like falling asleep before during a massage but I was so relaxed that I was just about there, hands down (no pun intended) the best massage I've had at a spa. The room was comfortable and every part of it sent me into a soothing bliss...ah just thinking about it send me back ; ) If you're going to return to work after make sure you can hole up in your office or not attend any meetings because the oil definitely did a number on my hair... but as I mentioned she didn't skimp so the scalp massage was completely worth a little oily hair!
5	My Fiance' has been so stressed recently with wedding plans and her job that I thought it best to get her a massage from here. I had heard from a friend to request  Brittany who is apparently a miracle worker as they had been having trouble sleeping before they went here.  Well like my friend, my Fiance' was so happy with her time there.  She is relaxed and has slept like a baby the past couple of weeks.  I will be looking out for when her stress levels rise and will book another appointment right away before things get out of hand :). Thank you to this awesome place and Brittany for saving my sanity before my wedding!
5	I bought a lavender body wrap on Groupon a year ago. Knowing that it was going to expire this weekend I made an appointment after work. I was warmly greeted by Lindsay at the reception desk when I arrived. The ambiance of the waiting room was relaxed and Lindsay offered me water or tea while I waited. Rebecca came out to greet me right on time for my appointment. I was led to a dimly lit room with soft music that smelled of lavender.After getting comfortable Rebecca proceeded to give me an amazing massage complete with body scrub, warm oil, and algae mask. She provided just the right amount of pressure in all the right places. I never felt uncomfortable, it was definitely the best massage ever!Im not quite sure it was a wrap as I spent the entire time on my stomach. The most "wrap" I got was a blanket around me for 5 minutes, but I honestly didn't care because the massage was so good.I will for sure recommend Rebecca to anyone who wants a massage.I also had a Groupon for tea at Urbana. Lindsay was very helpful picking out tea and a tea diffuser to go with it. Excellent flavors and over a hundred different types.
5	What bliss! I'd had just about as bad a day as they can get, topped off by hitting every light on my way there for a facial. While I filled out a brief form, I sipped on champagne and listened to soothing music in a relaxing 'lounge' adjacent to their tea bar. Laura did my facial and hands down -- best one I've ever had. Her voice and touch were perfect and she was completely responsive to my requests to smooth line lines and get pores clean. I left there stress-free with another appointment in Nov. Would highly recommend. Plus, looking forward to patronizing the tea bar, and I'm a coffee lover! Just the mood in that place is worth going.
3	I have been going here off and on for the last few years. Before I would say that was a 5. The lounge and shop have a nice feel; very relaxing with a wide selection of tea. Also they used to have several good therapists.  Over the years it seems like they have had a lot of turnover. It seems like all the good therapists are no longer there. Now I have a hard time keeping up with the new faces. Maybe it's bad luck but some of my recent massages were not as good as what I experienced before.
4	I had a deal from Travel Zoo for a 60 minute hot stone massage. I booked my massage for 10:45 am. When I got there there were several people in the lobby drinking champagne waiting on their massage. On a normal (non-vacation) day 10:45 is a little early for champagne, so I went straight into my massage. My masseuse was Debby. A petite Asian women who was soft spoken. She asked where I liked to be focused on and I explained that I liked my shoulders and my legs more pressure, with my middle back less pressure. For such a petite woman she is strong! I loved everything that she did. She found my achy areas and definitely rubbed them out. It was very relaxing and she is my new favorite massage therapist there. After leaving the massage room, I decided I wanted my champagne (that is included on the deal) and when I asked for it, the receptionist looked confused. I'm fairly certain it was just a misunderstanding but I felt a little weird about it.  I love this place! I've already bought another Living Social deal. Deals are the only way to go for this place otherwise the massages are a little pricey. They come around probably once every couple months and I grab them up right away!
4	I bought the Living Social deal and thought this would be something fun for my mom and I to do when she came into town. We walked in and confirmed our appointments and made our way to the tea bar. It is very modern and sleek inside and we were excited for our girls day to commence. After filling out our forms, drinking our champagne, we were still waiting. Finally 15 mins after the first appointment was scheduled, someone came to get us. The only problem was on the phone I specifically requested a female masseuse for my mom and I would have my appointment with the male. They had flip flopped our appointments and our forms, so once we had straighten that out, we were ready to enjoy our massages The hot towel treatment during the massage is the perfect way to transition to different parts of the body and at one point a cover was placed over my eyes to help block out any light, which was really helpful to me. I wish my masseuse wasn't as chatty as he was, but he was looking at my mom's form, and I am not sure if she checked she liked being talked to or not, so I won't hold it against them. It was my mom's first time getting a massage and she thoroughly enjoyed it. This place lives up to their reputation, and I will be back for another day of tranquility.
4	This is a tough place for me to review because I had certain expectations and they weren't really met BUT the massage I had was absolutely fabulous!!!!  So, let me go retrace my steps....Misconception #1--I didn't get to change into a comfy robeMisconception #2--There wasn't a sauna and/or steam roomMisconception #3--There wasn't a relaxation room at allThe relaxation room was also the lobby/bar area so I was just a little taken off guard.  I brought a change of clothes, books, snacks, everything....and I needed none of it really.  The waiting room/tea and champagne bar was very cozy and a great idea but I was a little disappointed there wasn't even a snack to be had!!Basically, in terms of the environment/process it is somewhat of a "glorified" Massage Heights or Massage Envy.  I'm NOT knocking those places nor am I knocking Urbana--you just have to have your expectations in check before you go!The Massage I had was the "east to west" with a masseuse named Kyle.  It was incredible.  It hurt so good!!  It was very much a tension-relief type massage.  He got out every single knot and he definitely hit every pressure point.  It was awesome.  He incorporated some stones in his method which worked well.  It was a very unique style and technique that Kyle used but I would HIGHLY recommend him.  If you are just looking to be tickled during your massage then don't get the East to West but if you don't mind a little pressure and extra relief then go for it and ask for Kyle.
4	I have been to Urbana on Carmel now a handful of times. I have had a different masseuse every time in search of the perfect one. They are all good, and I reallllly enjoy the hot stone massages. If you get on the email list, you frequently get emails that say they are doing a 3 day sale which is like half off. I get 1 hr hot stones full body massages for 65 bucks which is almost half off. Ill take it!Plus, they have a tea and champagne lounge. I think with each massage you get one or the other complimentary but dont quote me on that. Its probably my favorite spot for massages and they arent easy to find good ones. Give it a shot.
5	Such a wonderful relaxing evening. They have a nice little waiting room with champagne and different teas. My massage therapist was very quiet which was great because I just wanted to close my eyes and not think. I had the deep tissue- could have used a bit more pressure but it was basically perfect. Highly recommend!
1	This was the worst spa experience I have ever had.  I wanted to try this spa and when I received a living social deal email, I bought it.  I should have known better.  My appointment was at 3:30 and I was told to arrive at 3:15 for the relaxation room.  The relaxation room is the lobby though they did serve champagne but it is not like a spa where you don a robe and relax.   At 3:40, now ten minutes after my appointment time, I was told the employee was stuck in traffic and it would be at least another 10 minutes. If you are like me, i work, have kids and have a schedule so there went any relaxation right out the window. The employee had called at 3 pm and said there was traffic but they still let me sit there 10 minutes after my scheduled time before i was told it would be even longer.   I was asked if I want to reschedule.  Seriously? I want to drive another 20 minutes each way after a bad experience.  They couldn't refund my money since it was that voucher but they did mark it as being used already. They have no manager or owner available to talk with or anyone with accountability for this poor experience.  I would not go here, I would not recommend it to anyone that wants a nice, client centric spa.When I drove back home, I pulled the traffic report and nothing out of the ordinary was being reported.
2	I walked in and the place looked really nice, honestly. Front desk was super helpful, really nice and charming. Management, however, seemed unorganized and lazy. There was an odd atmosphere. I ended up leaving.
5	I have been going to Urbana for a really long time now..almost 2 years; I am a part of the Urbana Club as well..this is where they charge my card monthly so I can have a lower rate and make sure Im getting my massages regularly.I have had a great experience everytime I go. I am a dentist and have upper back and neck soreness ...I need my massages!Rebecca and Brandon have been taking care of me...I say nothing but good things about them! Amazing...I have been seeing Brandon more recently...he gets every single knot out and I feel like my head is floating in the clouds each time I leave! Thanks so much for the great experience!
5	This place is my heaven on earth. So relaxing, the teas are wonderful and so is the champagne post massage. The massages are great but the facial was exceptional.
3	When you walk in, you are greeted by friendly receptionists and a tranquil, trendy atmosphere. They offer you complimentary champaign or tea when you arrive. They also provide Danish butter cookies for you to snack on.Tip: Complete the information sheet online before your visit so you can relax with your beverage before the massage begins. I had the east to west massage (a blend of deep tissue and Swedish techniques) with Melody. She was good. Her hands were soft and she applied the perfect amount of pressure. It was firm, but still enjoyable. The music was soothing. However, there was a glitch that was a bit distracting (either the cd skipped or there was a short in the wiring). After a few minutes, they fixed the problem. The two biggest drawbacks to this place are 1) the lack of changing robes and a private lounge for you to relax before/after your massage and 2) the walls are PAPER THIN!! I could hear the entire conversation of the people in the next room. Luckily, they stopped talking after about 10 minutes, but it was very distracting. It definitely detracted from the experience. After the massage, they give you a little bottle of FIJI water. I thought this was a nice touch. Most places just bring you a sip of water in a little plastic cup. Overall, this is a nice place. It's a fancier take on Massage Envy.  Come here for a good massage, but if you're interested in a traditional spa day (with saunas, lounges, showers, etc) this probably isn't the place for you.
5	I have been coming here for a few years and my experience continues  to get better each time. Rebekah is always beyond amazing with her massages. She diagnoses exactly what my body needs and by the time I leave, I feel as though my body is so much more limber and my muscles are so much more relaxed, despite coming in feeling like a hard pretzel!  Today my experience was elevated by the other staff however. After my massage, I wasn't just offered some tea but because I am feeling under the weather, Julie made me a special pot and gave me a neck wrap to keep me warm.  I wouldn't say I come often enough to be seen as a regular and yet everyone treats me like royalty. They seem to enjoy their jobs and it reflects in the way they treat their customers. What a pleasant thing to see and experience.
3	I hate to give this place 3 stars but that's what they truly deserve.  Let me start by saying my husband and I had a 90 minute couples massage. Both of our masseuses were phenomenal! I had Roy who has a very warm and upbeat personality.  He made me feel relaxed from the moment I met him. And his hands..... truly amazing.  My body is still in awe. My husband had Nia and she was able to relieve an old shoulder injury. The massage rooms were nice but a bit small. The music was very relaxing. And the oils used had a very nice scent and were very moisturizing as well.Here are the bad parts. The front desk staff are quite snobby. It's very obvious they are not people persons. They could at least paste on a fake smile while greeting clients. They did nothing at all to try to make us feel welcomed or appreciated.  Also, the champagne is quite horrendous, even for a complimentary glass.  We also tried some tea that was quite bland. Being a high end and expensive place of business they should offer a more high end beverage. That being said, I would be willing to endure the snobbery just for Roy or Nina since they were amazing.
4	This was my second time the Urbana Spa and Teabar. I had a Travel Zoo deal for a 60 min Hot Stone massage. Nothing was different with the deal vs not having one. First, the atmosphere is very relaxing and tranquil when you first walk in. Low lights everywhere and soft soothing music overhead. They do give you tea and champagne before and after your services in the waiting area. This is a nice touch, as it's all complimentary and endless (within reason). My massage therapist, Vincent, was good. He asked me the necessary questions, regarding what pressure and problem areas, before he started my massage. This should be standard, but I have had it the other way around. He was good. Hands were sting and pressure was a little too hard, but he adjusted when I voiced my opinion. One thing that I was missing were the snacks or cookies, that I've heard the have. I thought one of the service women would offer something with the tea, but nothing. I did miss that. I bet it would have went well with my tea. :) Also, their Vanilla Creme tea is really good with a bit of honey.
3	Too pricey for what it is worth. The facility is very nice and modern decorated but the lounge area is right there by the entrance causing it not to be a relaxing area. There's people checking in and people checking out. Especially when it gets busy, it is hardly a relaxing area due to not being separated from the reception desk. Massage was very good though. I had Albert as my masseuse, he was excellent. I didn't really care for the facial though. I still had to extract a lot of my pores when I got home after the facial. It wasn't bad but it wasn't thorough and great as my other experiences elsewhere. Overall the concept of this spa is good but it is not fully utilized the nice area that they built up. It would be nice to use the lounge area as the QUIET, separated area where clients can wind down even after the service is complete. Instead of in and out like the assembly line like most other places, but those other places don't have nicely built area like Urbana so it makes more sense for clients to be in and out there.
5	I've been to almost every spa in Charlotte and Urbana is absolutely my favorite. As a birthday gift, I treated a girlfriend and myself to a massage.  From the moment we walked in, the experience began.  We were treated with champagne as we waited on the beautiful chaise lounges. The atmosphere was modern and relaxing. The massage therapist did an awesome job and they encouraged us to have a detox tea following the massage and so we sat at the tea bar for complimentary tea after our service.  Both of us couldn't stop talking about how wonderful the staff and spa were. They also do couple's massage classes which I can't wait to try next with my hubby. If you are looking for an awesome experience and truly relaxing time I would definitely check out Urbana.  You will love it!
4	Recently visited Urbana as my selection with Spa Finder gift cards. Selected the East West massage and had Brittany as my masseuse. At arrival I opted for tea and due to coming in early, I was able to try both that were brewed to choose from. Enjoyed the personal touch of my own prep tray with options to sweeten my selections. Brittany was awesome! Not just that the massage itself was on point, but the fact that her passion for bodywork and health reflected. She really took the time to listen to me share about areas I have been having trouble with due to an auto accident. Brittany is very knowledgeable beyond just the art of massage. I will absolutely be returning to Urbana for a massage!
5	This place is the ultimate relaxing experience. While waiting you can have some of their amazing tea blends (always something new and yummy - they have a whole wall of teas you can try and take home) and listen to ultra chill music in a laid back setting to start your journey of relaxation.The therapists are fantastic and have a lot of different massages available to choose from. Their therapists seem well trained, I've maybe had a mediocre massage once or twice the whole time (while I was trying to scout out my regular therapist), but otherwise, amazing massages with the right pressure and speed. Overall, I'm in love with this place and highly recommend it. If you're a regular, sign up for club urbana, I've been a regular since I moved to Charlotte!
4	Great selection of teas and cold drinks for a hot day. Food was excellent for the $22 fixed lunch menu.
5	My wife and I had separate massages with Melody. She was great! The overall appearance and amenities were expected for this price point. We will return
