2	My Quizno's experience today was just weird- I stopped in for a sandwich between appointments and while my sandwich was good (tuna on wheat with pickles and black olives... yum!) the staff was, um, interesting. ALL of the people working there were mumblers, like hardcore mumblers. I thought the guy in front of me was being a jerk for saying huh a million times, but then I realized that the lady was talking to the sandwich and was barely audible. I moved on to the post toasting station and wouldn't you know it- same thing. And guess what, the dude ringing me up- SAME THING! I have never had such a bizarre experience before. Where the H are the people who look at you when they talk, let alone smile at you! I'm takin a Quizno's break for a while.
1	Let me start off by saying that I like Quizno's- I like their how their sandwiches are warm and the soup is always good. The chip selection could be better, but that is something that I could work around. I love how they have a pickle "bar" that you can snack on pickles with your meal! I happen to really like pickles so this concept is great to me.I went to this Quizno's today and for the second time in a row (I went there a couple of weeks ago) the service was just bad. I specifically ask for no tomatoes when I order my sandwich. . I don't know if the "front" people are not talking to the "back" people but come on they are 5 feet away from one another.  I don't like tomatoes on a sandwich! The girl really started picking the tomatoes off my sandwich like she was irritated that I didn't want tomatoes. Then put my sandwich in the bag. Not only did this happen on this visit it happened last time as well. Is this Quizno's really in that bad of shape that they cannot make me a new sandwich? The service at this Quizno's will prevent me from going back I will either go someplace else to eat or I will drive the extra five miles to a different Quizno's that will value me as a customer.So today  before I can eat my sandwich I have to pick the remaining tomatoes out as there is still "slime" and "seeds" that cannot be removed... Good thing I am not allergic to tomatoes... that would not be good!
3	I've been to this location a few times. I usually go to Sprouts for my sandwich fix, but was feeling adventerous when I had lunch plans with a coworker. I said to her, "Sprouts or Quiznos?" Her response, "You choose, but choose wisely."So after a morning of debate, I pulled the trigger (I like making decisions), and said Quiznos it is. I had a prime rib sandwich. It was tasty, and toasty. Of course. It wasn't the best sandwich I had ever had, but it was certainly sufficient, and filling. I don't remember what my coworker had, but I remember she had soup. At the end of our meal, we were both ready for food comas. The staff is pretty friendly, and the store (and bathrooms) are clean.Fun fact about this location. Miss Arizona 2009 eats here. I've never met her, but I bet if I did, I'd give her my number and we would hit it off. Her photo is on the wall. Supposedly she works next door in the office building.In any case, I'd come back. This is a good Quiznos.
3	Friendly staff, and tasty sandwich I went on a Saturday and it was kinda empty which is nice since it is near a couple of business parks so I can imagine lunch being packed. Love the raspberry lemonade that Quiznos offers and the condiment station is always a plus.
2	It's been a while since I've had a Quizno's Sandwich.  Groupon had a deal and I bought a few of them, so I had to come here.  I had a regular Italian on Parmesan Bread w/Chips.  It was bleh....there was too much Dressing on the Sandwich and it overpowered the flavors.  Also, the Bread lacked flavor.  If it wasn't for the Groupons, I wouldn't come back.Return Factor - 20%
2	*grumble grumble* is the sound my tummy was making before I ate.*grumble grumble* is the sound I'm making now because I'm displeased.I ordered the broccoli cheese soup, a marshmallow treat (which was really all I wanted, but needed to get something lunch-ish to justify the delivery to myself) and a turkey sandwich.The soup was watery *sigh*The marshmallow treat was absent *boohoohoo*The sandwich was ok, nothing earth shattering, not particularly toasty, but good enough for me to take 4 bites. I ordered online and had it delivered (yes, I'm lazy, but I really just didn't feel like going out into the full-blown dusty, habooby monsoon). Instead of telling me they didn't have any marshmallow treats, they tried to bribe me with their chocolate chunk cookie and a brownie. I'm not a big fan of chocolate, so I don't consider either of those items an acceptable bribe for my silence. Also, if you don't have something I ordered, just tell me. I'm really easy to talk to. *pinky swear* You can call me, text me, or say it when you deliver it, but don't make it so that I have to discover the missing item for myself...that's lame. Sorry guys, but your food is just too expensive (seriously, it's just a sandwich, stop feeling yourselves so much!) to walk away less than 100% happy...and stop adding water to cheese soup. That's gross and chintzy.
1	Went for a late lunch around 330 pm.  Apparently they thought business was over because they simply restock shelves and ignored me.  I went to fill up with unsweetened iced tea mention to them that it was out and they simply took away the container.  Sandwich was good.  But I will be reluctant to return.
5	Fantastic food and even better service. Happened to run into the owner...great guy. This Cousin's even has eggs. Great location...check it out! I just had their daily special--on Saturday. Love it.
2	Good food, poor business practices!  Be AWARE when using coupons, even theirs, and ordering a "meal" they do not give you the "meal" pricing.  This devalues the coupon.  The fact they are not upfront about this is deceptive.  My Quiznos calendar is in the trash!
