5	Wow, decent Ballet in Phoenix...pinch me.I have not been in the last year or so to one of the productions, but Ballet Arizona has been a treat under Ib Anderson's direction.  I'm a fan of the classical ballets and have loved their Swan Lake and Giselle productions.  This year's season is ending, so I must repent and make a few shows next year.
5	Just saw the all Balanchine program Saturday night -- going back Sunday to see it again!It's AMAZING to me that a ballet company can go from startup  to being a destination company is fewer than 20 years!  But, BAZ did it in 15.Next season is their 22nd, and I renewed my season tix a couple of months ago.BAZ is a 'must-see' every show.
5	I have done volunteer withe Ballet AZ for the last years.  It is a an accomplished company with a splendid school attached.The first thing I can say is when most regional companies have gotten smaller, Ballet AZ keeps growing. Ib Anderson, the Artistic Director, danced with Balanchine in New York.  He will not do a ballet that he doesn't know he his company can do and do well.  In watching his him work, I feel he has the ability to make everyone in the company feel what they have to offer is of great value from the newest member to the principal dancers.  There is less "attitude" in this company than I have ever seen.  The dancers are hard workers who want as good as what Ib asks of them and that is a great deal.  The people you don't see such as the people who do the costumes and the sets  do a remarkable job of making things happen that sometimes start as nothing more as idea of Ib's.When I first started working with this group, i was surprised when I heard people say this and that was as good as they'd seen all over the world.  I am not surprised now.  Ballet AZ has brought together dancers from all over the world due to it's excellent reputation. These professionals have come to take advantage of working in an organization that is striving for something better each production than the one before.   If in some areas, Phoenix has  long way to go in catching up in the arts, the Ballet is not one of them.  We have a fine company here in AZ that continues to excel in presenting varied productions that range from the classics to world premieres.Prices are quite reasonable for what is offered.  There are different packages that make it even more attractive with special prices on certain dates.  Contact the box office abut that.  Another way to see the shows is to join the volunteer organization.  We work hard but the end result is the pleasure of knowing we help make a beautiful thing like Ballet AZ blossom and grow.
5	This review is for the current production ending 4/5/09, Masters of Movement.Wow. What a great program.  They led w/ the classic Les Sylphides, but it was the 2 modern pieces that blew my socks off.  Polyphonia choreographed by Christopher Wheeldon had some incredible movements of balance and dexeterity that I turned to my sis, who was attending with me, and commented, "I bet you and the Irish Hubbie do that in the bedroom." The final piece was The Golden Section from the Twyla Tharp ballet The Catherine Wheel. Twyla Tharp collaborates with David Byrne (Talking Heads) = FUUUUNNNN. The energy of that number with the dancers flying and the beat of Byrne's music made that piece my favorite.David Byrne ROCKS.
3	This Update APPLIES ONLY TO VOLUNTEERING at Ballet AZ.FIVE STARS go to the dancers, directos and production crew At BALLET AZ.  They continue to do a superb job of presenting really first rate productions!  You don't want to miss the really splendid things they are doing this season!The attitude toward volunteers at Ballet AZ has taken a turn from what it used to be.  It is being said that people who want to volunteer should be doing it because they love and want to support Ballet AZ and should expect no reward.  I personally believe that is true. Tradition, however,  has always been that the volunteers have been allowed to see the production that they are helping with at the time they working, for instance, in the gift shop.  I agree with that also.  It no longer happens when you volunteer for Ballet AZ.  You now get a voucher for a ticket to an upcoming performance or to take a dance class when you volunteer, but you can not enter the auditorium to see them dance at that time.  Having to make extra trip down there if you want to see the actual performance which many people consider a real inconvenience-parking can be expensive.  They are also limiting the number of performances you can volunteer, I understand, to once. Complimentary tickets do cost the Ballet money so I believe they are trying to limit the number that are giving out in these tough times which makes sense.  However, I have seen few volunteer groups where limiting the amount of work a volunteer is allowed to do, within reason,  is a good idea. When do you want to turn down free help? Making it clear that you can only see one performance free I would think would not be unreasonable. It'a different attitude toward the volunteers and I hope it is successful.I will be the first to say I have not fit in with the new approach to volunteering at Ballet AZ and that portion of my life is ended.  I certainly am not saying not to check into it if you want to work with the Ballet.  I wrote my initial blurb almost a year ago. I really have considered whether it would sound like sour grapes by offering this new information.(That is not an approach I like to take if I can avoid it.) I have given out more information concerning Ballet AZ and volunteering as a result of my 1/29/2009 review. This is the only way i can think of to stay current and accurate for those who have gotten the information on a more personal basis.
5	My date and I attended the IB Anderson's Nutcracker last night.  I hadn't seen the Nutcracker since I was a little ballerina girl.  It was an absolutely AMAZING performance with stunning set changes.  The dancers were incredible and very fun to watch!  I would recommend this event to people of all ages as a "Must see".
5	We really enjoy Ballet Arizona productions. We recently saw The Nutcracker - an annual family tradition. They make a few modifications to the program every year. I really liked the tweaks this year. We also happened to attend a showing where Astrit Zejinati and Chelsea Wilcox doing the pas de deux. They were absolutely amazing. Our 5 year old has also been taking ballet lessons at the school there since she was 3.  We think the school is wonderful. They teach classical ballet vocabulary from 3 years old on. They are pretty strict and have a set curriculum. They all wear the same uniform and hairstyle and are strict about it. After the 3 year old class, parent's aren't allowed to watch other than one class per session where they let us all in. So far, from what we've seen though, the curriculum and the teachers are great. They do a lot to improve body control, teach musicality and start them on a course of classical ballet.We're big fans.
5	My husband and I recently attended the Balanchine Classics Performance. We thoroughly enjoyed it and loved our 6th row seats at the Phoenix Symphony Hall....just the right distance from the stage.The orchestra.....Phoenix Symphony Orchestra.....were just wonderful and the dancers were amazing! We will definitely be attending future performances featuring Ballet Arizona.We also could not pass up buying the Angelina Ballerina book and doll at the gift store for our future little Ballerina.
4	We've been to some great shows by Ib Anderson and crew and then some that were merely pretty good.A Midsummer Night's Dream was one of those that I would easily categorize as pretty good -- highly entertaining, but also lacking, perhaps because it was treated as a more minor production than the upcoming Nutcracker (always a big hit).  It seems that each year, Ballet AZ gets noticeably better over the course of the season and this one is no different.Here's the reason for my lackluster review this time.  It just seemed that the ensemble dance pieces during Friday night's performance were largely neglected and therefore not well coordinated between the performers, yet I happen to know that Ballet AZ has some amazing talent.  Also, there were a few stylistic choices that I thought were bad: Oberon's costuming was a little too effeminate, as was the dancing of the wood nymphs during the first act.  Then in act II, they squandered several huge opportunities for brilliant ensemble pieces as the grand finale.  And everyone knows the tune of Mendelssohn's Wedding March, so why not have a little more fun with it than a very conventional wedding scene?Despite any of my minor criticism, you will still be happy with a trip to the ballet.  Ib Anderson really has continued making a name for himself with an incredibly fun version of the Nutcracker each year and brilliant performances by his lead dancers.
4	My family and I attended a wonderful performance of The Nutcracker today by Ballet Arizona under the artistic direction of Ib Andersen.Of all the many times I've seen this ballet, this is by far the most lavish production to date.  The costumes were ornately designed and complemented the colorful set pieces.   It was obvious that a great deal of time and detail went into the visual aspects of the show.  I actually just saw a performance last week by the Los Angeles Ballet Company of this same production.  While the production values of Ballet Phoenix were significantly higher, the LA Ballet had much better dancers and choreography.I think Ballet Arizona did a fantastic job.  The standing ovation by the thorngs of childern in the audience was proof of that. Check it out!
4	I was so amused with the storyline of Don Quixote, played out in this ballet performance! I expected to enjoy the story of the lost lovers of all ages, shapes, and sizes.....I never expected to giggle so much at the ballet, though! What fun! The costumes were gorgeous and had just the right "spice" for the period while still showing the fluid movement of the dance. The orchestra did an amazing job with the score in a hall that is well-receiving of this type of sound. This performance was the weekend before Valentine's Day. It was obvious that there were lovers there, enjoying a special theatre treat in honour of their holiday. But there were also plenty of families there with young girls of all ages enthralled with the story - and the audience as a whole was happy to show moments of joy and laughter where the company xpected it!
4	I received ticket to see the Sleeping beauty production as a birthday present from my best friend. I have always wanted to go. The performance was fantastic and very talented, the costumes where amazing and beautiful. It really brings a bit of fantasy to your reality. My only complaint would be a crying baby and few ill behaved children. When you pay good money to go to a nice event, it would be nice if ages 1-3 were not included as they are not old enough to know any better to be polite during a performance. That being said, it would in no way stop me from attending another ballet, in fact i do plan on returning :). I highly support the arts and the talent we have performing here!
4	Ballet Arizona has certainly improved thanks to the Dane Anderson...what does interest me is he....a.gay man?  Inquiring minds want to know...& I dont know why its  such a big secret! ?Arent MOST guys in ballet? Is it ONLY me who is wondering?
5	Our daughter has been attending classes here for about 5 years.   SUPER professional environment.  Very efficient staff.   The classes and rehearsals and recitals are a joy.Saw the Nutcracker for the first time this past holiday season and was blown away by the production values and the performances.
5	Love the Arizona Ballet and their School of Ballet.
5	Saw Ballet Arizona performance of Giselle at Symphony Hall opening night last night, and I have to say what a beautiful performance! The music was perfect, the story line was easy to follow, I had received a program before it started, but didn't look at it until intermission and I was able to keep up with everything that was going on.  The dancers, wow just beautiful to watch. Thank you Ballet Arizona for the beautiful performance! Look forward to seeing other productions in the future !
5	I have attended two performances at Ballet Arizona - Nutcracker and Giselle. Both were equally fantastic.The dancers are very talented, the music is wonderful and the productions are top notch. The sets for Giselle were as pretty to look at as the dancers.Symphony Hall is very nice as well. The chairs are comfortable and not too cramped like some other theaters.I felt classier just being in the audience. Thanks for a wonderful evening, Ballet Arizona!
5	I was lucky enough to get a ticket to Ballet Arizona's perforamce of Giselle last night, beautiful. Absolutely beautiful.The sets were gorgeous, as was the lighting. The orchestra was spot on as well.I loved the emotion that Giselle herself portrayed. She had beautiful lines, her technique was nearly flawless, and she seemed to float (even though I could hear the blocks in her pointe shoes). Lovely, really. The core was fabulous. When those 18 ladies came out in act 2 and danced the Wilis part in complete unison....wow. Its really a credit to the choreographer, and the people who run the rehearsals as well as the dancers themselves. My fave parts were the demi soloists in the 1st act and the queen of the Wilis though. Fabulous. Personally, I wasnt impressed w/ the 2 principal men. Their turns were a bit sloppy for my taste, but hey whats that thing they always say? "Those who cant do, teach. Those who cant teach, review." Im a reviewer.Overall a really stunning performance.
5	Last night I had the wonderful privilege of seeing Ballet Arizona and Ib Andersen's production of Giselle. And what an amazing production it was!From sets to lighting, pit orchestra, choreography, costumes, and everything in between was incredibly well done. Giselle told this story so well portraying every range of emotion. She and Albrecht making moves flawlessly and seemingly effortless! Such clear storytelling through dance! The Peasant Pas de Deux in act 1 was beyond words fantastic. Bravo! Queen Myrta and her wilis in act 2 were elegant and phenomenal! Thank you Yelp, Lindsey and of course Ballet Arizona for treating us to such an amazing performance.
5	I was lucky enough to get two tickets to the opening night of Giselle. What a beautiful performance. The scenery was beautiful, the dancers were great, the story was easy to follow for those of us who don't have training, overall it was amazing. This production made me want to go to the ballet again and again! Very professional and very entertaining.
5	I was very fortunate to be brought along as a plus one to the opening night of Giselle. It was a beautiful performance. Very professional, beautiful choreography, excellent story telling. The female leads stole the show. They both did an amazing job and are excellent dancers. I had never been to the ballet before and will now return wanting more!
1	Thought I should update my last experience concerning the volunteering situation at Ballet AZ.  I waited a couple of years and went back and offered my services.  Must have been my instincts because i delayed sending them the paperwork.  Just as well because I was told soon after they "rescinding" their offer to have me do volunteer work with them???  This happened awhile back now, but last I heard the same people are handling that area so doubt if things have changed any.  You be the judge
5	I had the pleasure of experiencing Topia this year at the Desert Botanical Garden.  It was absolutely wonderful!  The coreography was interesting, exciting and beautiful.  The backdrop of the desert sunset was breathtaking. This is a MUST SEE especially for out of town visitors.  This perfomance showcases some of the best our city has to offer.  What a delightful surprise!  A true gem.
