4	After a nice photoshoot with Anna where we shot out on the dry lakebed in Jean (thanks Eric!) and then at the famous Vegas sign, we headed over to her favorite place for low key sushi - Sapporo Sushi.  I had a hand roll she suggested and sake and shiro maguro nigiri.  Those last two are my common compare-basics-to-know-how-good-a-sushi-place-is options.I have to say that the portions were great and the freshness was solid.  Nothing outrageous, but then the prices justify it easily.  Solidly fresh fish here and quick service.  Our waitress was a bit uncaring, but hey the food was good, reasonably priced, and in a nice non-Vegas-y location.
2	I've been to Sapporo's several times and I've always found it to be mediocre.  On my most recent visit my spider roll was bland and warm, the baby tako was very rubbery.  The quality of sushi there just doesn't seem to compare to Sumo or I Love Sushi.  I won't be returning, other sushi places in the area are better.  Our waiter did his best to help us but the other wait staff interfered and one of our rolls were forgotten.
5	My favourite sushi place in town, at the moment. The fish is incredibly fresh, and the rolls are inventive, but don't overpower the flavour of the fish. The place itself is really laid back, looks like a dive from the outside, but clean and friendly on the inside. Always busy, which is a good sign.
4	only been there once and have no complaints.im not a huge fan of sushi, but actually tried a variety of things at this one and LIKED them. the service was SUPER good. The lady that served us talked like she knew us for years. we were also there till closing and the rest of the staff started conversations and joked around as well. very easy going there. which is a big plus.its a little tiny cute place tucked in the corner.their prices arent bad at all.stacie roll, YUM.
4	I have been here many times...and the table service has always sucked. Its kinda something you expect when you come here. Like that one friend that you still go out with even thought they always do something stupid. What I would suggest when you go there is try to sit at the sushi bar, but even then it can be really slow. Even if you are the only ones there. Or it just opened.Or pretty much for any reason..you are going to wait. But when you get it, it's delicious and you don't care anymore, and you go back. and bring people. and then go online and yelp about it. yum, What I get is now all I get, I know I should try to get other stuff..but these are just so good: the no name handroll, the stacie cut roll (get 2 even),the moon roll, and the green mussels and a side of ponzu with it all. Dayum.
