5	I recently received an invitation from Elliott on Yelp to try his shop.  I accepted the invitation because I thought this was impressive way for him to market his business.  I received haircut, shave and massage along with a few product samples...outstanding service and he would not even accept a tip.  I left feeling good and further impressed by his marketing/customer service.  A nice guy who gained my business...way to go Elliott...much success.
4	DISCLAIMER: Elliott messaged me on yelp about a month ago, after seeing my Truefitt & Hill review, offering me a free haircut or shave if I would post an honest review afterward. It took me a while to schedule it, but I accepted. He emphasized that he wanted a fair review, and at no point did I feel like I was being bought off or bribed to write a positive review. With that out of the way...As mentioned above, I took Elliott up on the free haircut. I called and was able to get an appointment same day with Elliott. His shop is located on Eastern & Pebble, in the notorious Colonade Square, next to the Diva hair salon. When I arrived for my appt, Elliott was still working on his last client. He apologized for running late and offered me water or coffee. He has a couple of big, comfortable leather chairs up front, along with a pretty decent selection of magazines (Cigar Afficionado, GQ...shit I wouldn't read at home, but still prefer to see in a waiting room than most other stuff). His place is definitely pretty nice, very modern with paintings hanging on the walls, but it still had a little bit of that hair salon vibe to it. Not that it was girly or anything like that, but I personally prefer a more barbershop kind of atmosphere. Later, while getting my cut, he explained why he designed the place as such, and he succeeded in his goals. The music was pretty decent too - it was Tony Bennett, IIRC, which, while totally cliched, still isn't bad to listen to.Anyway, onto the work itself. Due to some combination of busy'ness and laziness, I missed my last haircut, so it had been about 2 months since my last cut, and nearly as long since my last shave. Grizzly Adams had nothing on me, and Elliott definitely had his work cut out for him. He took it all in stride though, and took his time getting my mohawk cleaned up and straight. There were some very nice hot towels involved. I also asked him to just buzz off my beard, and he put way more effort into it than he really had to, which was appreciated. I mentioned how I didn't have much luck with the shave at T&H, due to my evidently sensitive skin, and after buzzing my beard he was pretty confident that he could give me a good shave, and I'll likely give him a shot sometime in the future.  Anyway, so yeah, haircut, beard buzz, hot towels, lots of chit-chat...and then at the very end, some old-school hand massager thingy on my neck and shoulders. I saw him do it to the guy before me and thought it was a silly novelty, but I'll be goddamned if it wasn't relaxing! (I talked to him about it a bit, and in a bygone-era, every barbershop was equipped with such implements). Elliott himself was a pretty cool guy, and was happy to chat about his business and the way he does things. Before opening his place, he worked at both Art of Shaving and Truefitt & Hill. Fun fact: Joe, the old italian barber from T&H, spoken quite highly of in a review here, is now employed at E&C. Anyway, Elliott made me feel more than comfortable, which is not always an easy task in a situation like this. BTW, he did accept my tip (contrary to Chris C's experience) as I would expect him to - it's nearly insulting otherwise.From what I understand, the price of the haircut I received would be $35, and I would have no issue paying that here. The service I received was great, and although I would prefer a more traditional vibe, I think Elliott has definitely succeeded in offering a higher-quality barbershop without exorbitant prices. I could see myself upgrading my review to 5 stars after a few more visits, but I believe that's a bit premature after 1 haircut and 0 shaves.
5	Went to Vegas over the weekend for my birthday and my buddy took me to Elliot's shop to clean up for the night. I can tell you that his work ethic is 2nd to none. I really can't explain the experience but I can tell you the man got skills with the clippers. I think its the first time i've gotten lined up and people were giving me complements. After he lined me up with the clippers he pulled out the straight razor and did detail work which seemed like strand by strand.  As for the shave, i'd have to say that was the best part of the session. The combination of hot towels and warm lather made me relax to the point I think I was sleeping for a good minute or two. The total session took about an hour and a half and it was well worth it. Toward the end of the shave he puts on an electric gadget from the 1930's or 1920's that attaches on top of his hand and he gives you a back rub which really relaxes you. If anyone is in town and wants to come out feeling clean and confident I definitely recommend making time for Elliot.
5	I received a message from Elliot a couple months back inviting me to try out his shop.  I made a note of the invitation, and eventually got around to making an appointment.  My 15-year-old son was in need of a haircut as well, so I brought him along.I should mention that Elliot offered me a discount on a shave.  But I did not receive free services, and with my son's haircut and the products I bought, I ended up spending more than I would normally have spent anyway.  I promise you, this is an unbiased review.I had an appointment for 1pm, but something came up and I had to reschedule.  The front desk was very accommodating and put me on the books for a few hours later.  It was clear that the shop has a pretty full schedule, so it was great they were able to still fit me in.We showed up a little early and I was warmly greeted by the extremely attractive front desk, and offered up a beverage while I wait.  Elliot & Co. shares a connected lobby with Diva, which appears to be a very popular hair salon.  The Elliot & Co. side is very well decorated.  It doesn't make the attempt at looking old fashioned, like Truffit & Hill or Art of Shaving.  It's just well decorated with oil painting and nice big leather chairs to wait.  They also play some blues on the sound system, which is nice.My son was the first to sit in the chair.  My son is not one of these teenagers who put a lot of thought into his hair.  It gets washed, and on a good day maybe brushed.  Elliot did a great job identifying that right away and told him he would give him a cut that was easy to manage.  The haircut was the best my son ever had.  In 15 years I have never heard my son say anything positive about getting a haircut.  Granted he is usually at Supercuts, or something like that, but he was very happy with his new haircut from Elliot.Then it was my turn.  I have had shaves from just about everyplace here in Las Vega.  Art of Shaving, the Wynn, etc...  I have never had as good a shave as I got at Elliots.  Absolutely no burn, and incredibly close.  And my haircut, how not as amazing as my son's, was one of the best I ever had.  Overall, it was a great experience.  If I had to come up with one complaint, it was that Fox news was playing on the television.  Michael Jackson had just died the day before, so it was the all Michael Jackson news channel at that point.  But having to turn my head and see Sean Hannity was disturbing.  No one should be forced to see that guy.  But other than that, everything was fantastic.If you're staying on the strip, it's worth the $6 cab ride to get here.  You'll get a better shave, and still end up paying less.  And the environment is much nicer at Elliot's.
5	I'm a fan. And after only two visits. First, this is a barbershop. Granted, compared to the one's in my hometown, this is a luxury barbershop, but nevertheless, a barbershop. Great chairs, magazines, etc. Second, the owner, Elliott takes his business very seriously, you can talk about what you want, etc. And, third, I returned for the shave. (I had a haircut last week) I wanted to support Elliott's business and I wanted to find out if he would really deliver on a Fantastic Shave Experience - and it isn't cheap! He did deliver. It was worth it. And I'll do it again - not on a weekly basis - but again. And plan ahead - it takes an hour and is a multi-step process - but worth it. Overall, I'm impressed - I felt that the pricing was good and left feeling as if I had received a little more than I had paid for - on both the haircut and on the shave.
5	Hands down, the best haircut I have ever had.I am loyal to the folks at Lucky 13 back in Columbus, but I found myself in Vegas in need of a haircut and came across Elliot & Co via Yelp.  I sent an email in the evening through the contact info on the website and received a call and email almost immediately for confirmation.I got the Signature Cut and I have to say that Elliot's attention to detail is outstanding.  Plus, the vibe in the shop is very laid back and relaxed... the type of place where you feel you could hang out for a while if you felt like it.This place is worth a cab/car ride if you're staying on the Strip.  Highly recommended and I'll definitely be going back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I was in Vegas for a couple days and needed a good barber haircut. After cruising yelp for five minutes, I settled on Elliot's because the reviews didn't seem contrived and there were a lot of positive reviews.I didn't go wrong in picking Elliot's.Elliot is a professional at his craft, and I haven't found a barber in all my life that takes as much pride in his cuts like he does. No joke, and when you go there, you'll agree. He gave me a fresh neck line, which is what most barbers tend to neglect, and paid attention to get all the little hairs that could mess up the style. I asked for a shave on the fly, since I was so happy with the haircut. I thought, "Might as well go the whole way." Again, I didn't go wrong.The shave was probably the best I had - no irritation, and he takes his time. I had a one-week old growth, and he spent a long time to make sure he was meticulous without slashing my face. I didn't get one nick or itchy, red spot. I can't even do that to myself on a good day!Elliot is easy to talk to and to get along with. He listened to my Army stories and we talked about barber shops and how they've changed. He even recommended a good barber where I live! What kind of barber introduces you to his competition? Someone who truly enjoys his craft! Its a laid back atmosphere, where like in the old days, you can hang out, relax and actually enjoy your haircut. Not many places if at all can match Elliot.You will, of course, pay a premium for his services. But since I'm in town only once every few months, he worth the visit. Heck, if he was in my town, he'd be my regular barber.
4	This was the best haircut I've had in years! I decided last minute after work that I needed a haircut. This is my typical method of determining my haircutting needs. I searched Yelp and saw Elliott and Co was highly rated and not too far from work. I called and asked if I could head over in 15 minutes and Elliott said sure even thought I wasn't going to arrive until about 6:00 pm. The shop was nice and comfortable with plenty of guy mags and sports on a plasma. Elliott cut my hair and paid incredible attention to detail. I opted for the cut and shampoo for $35. My only issue was with the shampoo. The way the chair and sink were set up, it just wasn't very comfortable. It may be because I'm on the tall side. He spent almost an hour with me, which I think was a half hour past closing! I will definitely be back.
5	Even after reading all of the reviews here, I was skeptical. Before going to Elliot, I had been getting my haircut by the same woman for FIVE YEARS, and since it took me over 6 months and as many horrific haircuts to find her, I was understandably unnerved.  But I had no reason to be.  Elliot is the consummate professional barber.  He is a craftsman who takes his craftsmanship VERY seriously.I wrote and spoke to Elliot ahead of time and let him precisely how important it was for me to get good haircut, and how I was fully ready to spend the money to fly all the way back to LA to get haircuts if I couldn't find anyone decent in Vegas.  He met the challenge openly, and made an appoint for 6pm on Friday, despite have posted hours only until 6:30.  When I walked in, the place was very nicely outfitted.  The accommodations were plush without being opulent and the place seemed very modern, clean and masculine.  Elliot was friendly and warm - and I had a very good feeling simply upon shaking his hand.The cut he gave me a immaculate.  He took his time and paid attention to all the details.  I have thick, difficult hair to cut.  And yet Elliot knew exactly what kind of cut I needed and delivered it.  I have paid $50, $60 and even $80 for haircuts that are not as good as the one Elliot gave me.  I would have gladly paid him similar money.  I will be back to Elliot - as he is the kind of barber who truly appreciates a relationship with his clients.  Paying him for what he does is the easiest thing you'll do with your money all week. Trust me, he's worth every penny of his EXCEPTIONALLY reasonable rates, and then some.  He can handle the most modern cuts, but also understands that you can 't give a guy a fauxhawk when he's got a day job.I hope he gets other locations up and running, and that he does put a sign that says "Fixes Sport Clips Cuts".  A fortunate and unexpected find!
5	So, don't tell my old barber, but in the year that has elapsed since my review Elliott has become my go-to guy when I need a haircut. I've been consistently happy with my 'cuts, and what else can you ask for? Well, convenience, a fair price, and a friendly face would be nice too. Elliott covers all those bases as well. Plus, it sounds like business is doing well, so I don't have to worry about him disappearing on me anytime soon. What does it all add up to? 5 stars.
5	Great cut, great price, great location (right off the freeway). The place is very relaxing. Getting a haircut, shoulder rub, and post haircut shampoo for one LOW price is great.It reminds me of a barber shop you see in a New York movie, but with a big screen TV and ESPN.Did I mention my hair looks great?
2	I was in Las Vegas for business for two weeks and looked up reviews for a great barber to get a trim.  I booked an appointment for the signature cut and package because I was hoping for a nice relaxing experience.  Elliiott took the appointment but booked me with another barber who works for him.   The barber G asked how I wanted my hair cut and I told him that I wanted it kept long on top with just a light trim and then doing a scissor cut removing the bulk from the sides and back.  He repeated back what I said and clearly understood.  He turned the chair when he started cutting, and spent at least an hour cutting very meticulously.  It seemed like way too much hair was coming off but was hard to tell.  When he finished, I was stunned to see how short my hair was on top - he either forgot what I asked or just did what he felt was best.Don't get me wrong, the cut does looks good, so I didn't complain but it was not what I wanted or expected.  The shave was a very relaxing luxurious experience, but I noticed when I got back to my hotel that there were several spots that were missed altogether.I won't be going back to Elliott & Co and can't recommend it.  It seems like they specialize in very short clipper cuts, and if that's what you want, this is probably the place.
5	Went there for the first time today, very nice place to get a shave, good service, fair price, will go back.
5	Excellent cut, and great atmosphere!
5	My husband's hair is the thickest I have ever seen on a white man. Before Elliot, no one could tame his cowlicks and swirls, and believe me I tried everything from old school barbers with girly mags to chain salons with scantily clad women (hell if it meant he would get a good hair cut, I didn't care if a topless Megan Fox did it). Luckily we found Elliot and I didn't have to resort to drastic measures. Elliot took the time to really listen to both of our concerns (because let's face it, I'm the one that has to look at my hubby all day!) and spent an hour thinning and shaping his hair into the most perfect (and incredibly sexy) style he's ever had. He now looks like Don Draper instead of Don King. Ladies, make your husband go to Elliot, you won't be sorry.
5	Junito hooked me up with an appointment today @ the last minute and I couldn't be happier.  He took his time to really blend my fade and even my wife was in awe of how good it looked at the end.  I got a standard classic cut for under 20 bucks and it included a magnificent line up with a straight razor at the end.  I am in the military stationed in San Diego, but my in-laws live in Vegas.  I am here pretty often, so having a trusted barbershop is important to me.  This shop gets my highest recommendation and I will surely come back soon.LayoutLocated right off the freeway @ the intersection of S. Eastern+Pebble. Decor was pretty upscale for a barbershop and it is adjacent to a women's salon, so your girl can get some stuff done too while you are getting your hair cut.
5	My wife and I unexpectedly ended up in Vegas last night and I realized that I needed to chop my 'fro and get cleaned up before we hit the town. I looked at places around where we were staying (The Strip) and I couldn't stomach going to a salon. Hell no... Anyways, I found Elliott and Co on Yelp and decided to go and check them out. Elliott hooked it up. Not only did he do a great job on my hair, but he also gave me the inside scoop on finding some good deals on sweet threads in town. I also go a $10 discount because I mentioned Yelp. That totally made my day. Seriously, this place is a GREAT deal for locals and travelers.
5	I can't say enough about this place. I was in town for a few days and in desperate need of a professional cut. I was able to make an appointment the day of, and with none other than Elliot himself. This man takes pride in his cuts and it shows. And for $15 less than my go-to at home, it was yet another reason I should've stayed in Sin City.
5	Went in today for my 3pm appointment. Elliot was right on time. I have been trying to grow out a beard and some hair on my head. Told Elliot I could use some help in cleaning it up and let him go. He did a fantastic job and was thorough and pleasant.  It is awesome to have places like this around and guys really need to support them before we are all relegated to Supercuts and women's salons. If you haven't treated yourself to a straight razor shave then you are sorely missing out on a classic ritual older than yourself. I think its better than a massage and you'll look better as well!
5	Love LOVE this place. I have had both Elliott and Junito and both are fantastic. There are 4 chairs, but I have never seen more than the 2 of them. They are always willing to work with you and will come in early or stay late for appointments. I usually walk in, because I do not want to favor one for the other. Either way, I am never upset with the way my hair looks. As an aside, if you have never had a straight razor shave, you should treat yourself. Junito gave me my first and it was the best feeling in the world. The place is hip and modern. Wait for your appointment while sitting in over stuffed leather chairs with a flat screen on the wall. Painting of jazz figures on the wall. I heard about Elliot & Co. from Esquire magazine and was afraid of what the prices would be. After finding them on Yelp! And reading the reviews I was impressed by the prices and after my first appoint I was sold by the value. Men, do yourself a favor and try them out. It is not like your dad's barber shop, it is better.
5	I have never had a better hair cut in 37 years. I came to Elliot and Co after reading the 20+ reviews here on Yelp and every one of them gave 5 stars! As a walk in I sat and watched Elliot cut two other customers hair and I was amazed by his attention to detail. When it was finally my turn I was also equally impressed. The cost was slightly higher then published in Yelp. It's $25 and I gave a $5 tip. I highly recommend Elliot and Co!
5	Went in @ 5 yesterday to get my haircut. I have been coming here for a while and Elliott is always accommodating with last minute appointments. Hands down the best service and best haircut in town. Attention to detail is always expected from Elliott, there is no danger of walking out of this place with a hole in your head. There is a nice flat screen in the center on the shop and I was able to listen to the game while Elliott worked his magic. I've always said it's harder to find a good barber than a good wife and Elliott & Co is the best there is in LV.
1	Read great reviews on yelp and needed a haircut so I decided to take my time to drive from the strip where I was staying on my vacation. I am not too picky about haircuts, but I know when i get a good one and a really bad one. I don't even remember my stylists name but i know it was not elliott. I told this guy that i wanted him to use the scissors and style it to where i can have a messy kind of look to it. What I got was a lousy buzz cut! It was horrible and my gf thought it was the worst haircut that I have gotten. I would never get a haircut from here again....!
5	This is what every mens' barber shop should be! Junito (the guy I saw today) borders on the level of an artist. His professionalism and attention to detail were impressive. I almost wish my hair grew faster, so I could go back sooner! The place is that good.
5	I have always wanted to get a straight razor shave, I have just never found the reason. I put it on the 30 for 30 list knowing there is no shortage of places in Vegas to get it done, but when I saw the Groupon I knew this was an offer too good to pass up.I walked into the shop a little nervous, I was going to trust a total stranger to take a straight razor to my throat. But after meeting the guys, I was put at ease. The staff very professional and the shop was nice. There was a flatscreen TV showing the baseball game, a few barber stations, some comfy chairs in the waiting area, and Frank and Dean playing on the stereo, what's not to love.I got there right in time for my appointment and was seated in my chair right away. I have gotten my share of haircuts in my day and usually it's just hop up, snip snip snip, and you're on your way. That however is not the case at Elliott and Co, first we talked about what I wanted for a hair cut, then it he cut for a good 20 mins taking his time to make sure everything was done correctly. They tapered the back of my neck (usually it's just rounded off, but the taper looks great). Then it was time for a wash, shampoo, and conditioner treatment.After the cut and wash it was time for the shave. As I stated I've never had a straight razor shave and I was a little nervous, but once it started I wondered why I waited so long to get one. It started off with a hot towel treatment. Then the a few a hot lather (I really need to get one of those machines so amazing). Then like a surgeon he took the razor to my face. I will admit it feels a little weird, and you can hear the whiskers as they get cut. It took a little longer than I expected, but they shaved both with and against the grain. After the shave, there was a mask was applied (also a first for me). The mask came off, there was a cold towel treatment followed by a few oils.After the shave, they took the time to clean up all the edges of my haircut with the straight razor, and even took care of my pesky unibrow.I forgot my phone at home so I have no before and after photos, but let's just say my hair is the shortest it's been in years (and it actually looks decent), and my face is smoother than it's been since my first pimple broke out.All in all the entire process took around an hour and a half, and I have to say it's an experience I'll never forget. Many thanks to the guys at Elliott & Co as well as Groupon for helping me scratch one of my list. I will without a doubt be back!
5	I've been going to Elliot for about two years now & today I tried a new shop because I moved across town..the good news is I have an appointment next week for him to fix it.My haircut is pretty simple, but he simply does a great job.   I now have a reminder of why I haven't been anywhere else in a long time--fortunately, it will be erased next week.
5	Elliott & Co is a MUST VISIT professional men's barber shop for anyone travelling to Las Vegas.  I have never experienced service like this from a barber in my life.  Elliott is one of the coolest people I have ever met and very passionate about his work.  I have never had a straight razor shave before, and not knowing what to expect I was naturally a bit nervous.  After 1 minute in Elliott's chair, my nerves completely disappeared. The shop itself is very cool, super comfortable leather sofas and flat screen TV to watch while your waiting.  There is a new vending machine with healthy snacks and proceeds going to charity.  How cool is that?The haircut and straight razor shave from Elliott is one of the highlights of my Vegas vacation so far. I was the last client of the night so Elliott offered to give me a special Yelp deal for the Ultimate shave and Ultimate haircut.    Without Yelp I would have never discovered this hidden gem, and you can't beat the prices.  I'm positive that this is better than any barber shop on the Strip, at a fraction of the cost.  Thank you Elliott for this unique experience, I'll be coming back to see you every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Did some researching for barbers in Vegas since I was gonna be there a couple days.  I just wanted to get a fresh line-up/edge up before hitting the clubs that night (gotta be looking fresh of course).  Walked into Elliot's and was greeted right away and inquired about getting a line-up.  Sure enough even though they had appointments schedule they were very accommodating. Told me it would be about 15-20mins wait... I was in the chair within 10.  Thinking all I needed was a line-up I'd be outta there within 2-3 mins max... WRONG!!!  Seems like they pulled out the red carpet and everything.  Had a hot towel around my head, they used shaving cream, and the whole process probably took about 20-30mins.  These guys are very professional and is very tedious about their work.  Thank you for the excellent service.
5	I met Elliott through doing alot of research on the very best hair cutter in town.  I had just moved to town and had only one other person cut my hair my whole life!  And at the time i was 38.  You can now see how important of a search it was.  Anyone I spoke to all said go to Elliot.  I did and never looked back.  Been almost four years now.  He is very talented.  I strongly recomend him.
3	I absolutely hate getting haircuts but I love a straight shave.  I thought I'd give this place a shot to try both in hopes that I could find a go to barber.  I told the guy I wanted a close cut but just long enough to be able to style it a little bit.  After 45 minutes I got a haircut that my wife could have given me with clippers and a 4 guard on.  The shave was good but there were a number of times where the razor was catching on my skin and it didn't feel so nice.  I will say that the value of the shave is way better than you can get at 'The Art of Shaving' but the service is a little lacking in personality.  I hate when someone is always jawing at you when you're getting your haircut but at the same time I don't like feeling like I'm inconveniencing the person cutting my hair.  To top it off, the phone wasn't working for my credit card so I had to get money out of the ATM with $4 in fees.  I might go back for a shave but not for a haircut.
5	After 5 years living in Vegas the haircut gods finally answered with Elliot & Co. I no longer have to drive to California for a nice fade. True Professional. Best haircut experience ever period.
5	I had been going to the same person to get my haircut for the last 4 years or so and needed to find someone new after they moved back east. I tried another place first that offered beer and a massage with your haircut. Not the best experience - I would have preferred they devote all their energy to a decent cut. My wife purchased a Groupon for me for the ultimate package (shave + mask + haircut) at Elliott & Co. so off I went to try them out. With the previous unsatisfactory haircut experience behind me and not having had a straight razor shave before I was really looking forward to the experience. Let me tell you that I was not disappointed.The shave was an experience in itself with the hot towels and warm lather and careful attention to detail from Elliott's skilled hands. It was finished off with the clay mask. Let me tell you that my skin has never felt so great. For the haircut I was ready for something new and gave Elliott free reign in terms of the cut giving him some basic information about what I do for a living and how I need to look sharp to service my clients. The result was exactly what I needed. I have a problem with hair on my neck growing quickly so Elliott encouraged me to come in between appointments for free for a quick clean up so that I wouldn't continue to butcher my hairline at the back with the safety razor like I have in the past.    All in all this is hands down the best grooming experience that I have had. Elliott knows his stuff and is very professional and I am looking forward to a long relationship.
5	Shortly after I wrote my review Elliott contacted me to let me know he was sorry about my visit and asked me to come back in, give them another shot, and get a haircut and shave from him this time.  When time came for another haircut I figured I might as well.  Elliott was very personable and he listened to what I wanted and gave me exactly that.  The customer service, attention to detail, and care that was taken this time was just outstanding!  This is what I expected the first time I went in.  I could tell that Elliott really cares about what he does and his business and by contacting me to apologize I know that he cares about his customers too.  I don't want to lose all credibility by saying "this was the best haircut I've ever had" but it is honestly true!  He really knows what he's doing and I think I finally found someone that I can go to on a regular basis for a great haircut.
5	Come see janito if you want a consistent, sharp, clean cut.  I have found my place for haircuts FINALLY.  He is a perfectionist!
5	Read a Yelp review for an amazing haircut and single edge razor shave at Elliott & Co. I bought the coupon and off I go for the deluxe experience. The shave alternates hot towels, almond oil skin preparation, hot shaving cream then an expert shave. Repeat the cream and shave. Finish with a hot towel then a face mask. Great. I would definitely do this again.
5	Elliott & Co is a THE BEST professional men's barber shop for anyone travelling to Las Vegas hands down!  I have never experienced service like this from a barber in my entire life.  Elliot is a perfectionist and takes his time in doing 'the best job' anyone could ever ask for.  He's an absolute PERFECTIONIST!The shop is very hip with sketches of jazz artists.  Also it has super comfortable leather sofas and flat screen TV to watch while your waiting.  He even offered me water or beer!  How cool is that!  The haircut and straight razor shave from Elliott is one of the highlights of my Vegas vacation so far. I made an appointment with him at 2:30pm and he did not disappoint!Without Yelp I would have never discovered this diamond in the rough, and you can't beat the prices.  I love the guy, and want him to be in business for a very long time.   So I paid him what I felt he deserved (even though his prices were a lot cheaper).  What can I say?  Elliot's a great guy!Mahalo Elliott for an awesome experience, I'll be coming back to see you when I'm in Vegas again!
5	Best hair stylist in Vegas!The quality of service is outstanding. Very professional. Elliott is someone you can trust to get it right. The shop is always clean and has a modern feel to it. Big TV mounted on the wall playing sports so everyone can see. The waiting chairs are comfy leather and oversized. The barber chairs are equally as comfortable. When I moved to town about a year ago I tried several places. All of them were expensive and recommended... but I just couldn't get the look I wanted. Thats until I found Elliot's. Now I always get complements on my fresh cut.
5	I would like to write an honest, objective review on Elliot & Co.Moving to a new city can be scary for many reasons, one of them is finding a new barber/stylist as most of us have gone to the same one for years and have gotten comfortable.Well, Elliot & Co. takes their job very seriously which in my experience is rare in men's hair care. No I don't want some hot broad cutting my hair while having a beer and have to pay $80 for a mediocre haircut.Elliot and his other stylist I forget his name, are very professional and take their job very seriously which is extremely refreshing in this city.  Both are very detail oriented and will make it right.Your first haircut might not be what you are used to but I will guarantee that it will be done with precision and an eye for detail, a quality haircut.  God, this is so refreshing in these days of chop shop barber shops.  Go a few times, keep telling him what you want and it will the best haircut you can get in this city.These guys take their time which I LOVE.  Make an appointment because these guys won't rush through people if they have a line.It has a laid back atmosphere and the guys are easy to talk to and very humble which is great.Thank you Elliot for the service you provide and PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE keep it up.*** I recently made a huge mistake as I had just gotten in town after being gone for a few months without a haircut - and was desperate...On a Sunday - Went to another barber which got good reviews on here and was massacred - Awful haircut and crappy experience.  It's barely beyond the level of needing to be fixed.  I will go back to Elliot in a week or two and get this embarrasing thing fixed before I go home for the holidays.  I'll just have to look like a dork with a bad haircut for a couple of weeks as I don't want to spend the money again since the place I went to cost the same price!What a mistake I made.
5	Best barber I have ever been to. Very nice and very legit.
3	Very nice place and a comfortable setting. Elliot makes you feel comfortable and relaxed. A good place for a tourist who's looking for a haircut. Solid cut though nothing special.
5	This is where I get my face and head shaved about every five weeks. I also have a manicure (notice the "Man" part) by Tiffany (from Diva , next door)  who treats me like a King. The "Barber Guys" are fantastic. Never a problem and always a perfect shave. They provide an old fashioned barber shave with a modern flare. There aren't many people I trust near me with sharp instruments but, Elliott and his Partner are at the top of their profession.You want that great clean feeling you get from a professional shave and haircut? Then don't pass this place up. Elliott and Co. is the spot to go.
1	Let me start off by saying, I usually cut my own hair. My tastes are simple and easy to accomplish on my own. That being said, I decided to step out of my comfort zone a little and have someone else do my hair. I had heard from a few friends at the gym that this place is the absolute best place to get your hair cut, if you want a little style in your life. I decided to give it a go, and let me tell you, I am not impressed.When I first arrived, I had to wait almost an hour before I was even acknowledged, then another 30 minutes before I was actually seated to do the deed. I don't know the guy's name who cut my hair but I know for a fact that it was not Elliot. The guy i guess just did not pay attention because all I asked was for about 3 inches off and to make it look a little messy. I guess that was too hard, because I wound up with a disaster.At the shop it looked fine in the mirror. When I got home though, my bros were a little concerned because my hair looked lopsided. Sure enough, I go check the three wall mirror I have, and it WAS LOPSIDED. Not only was the thickness on the left about twice what was on the right, but the right was about an inch shorter. I was so embarrassed.I guess in the long run it turned out okay because I wound up cutting all my hair off which is a new look for me, and i like it. The downside is that i am out 75 bucks, and I had to cut my hair myself. Not cool.
2	SAD! Wanted to like this place! Just got back from my first (and probably) last time to Elliot & Co. . . . . NOT worth the money - even with yelp discount!  Services Recieved :  Haircut and a Shave Package  (getting rid of my beard!)     First off let me say the haircut was/is very good (hence the chance, albeit slim, of a return) However, SHAVE LEFT MUCH TO BE DESIRED.....LIKE A CLOSE SHAVE FOR INSTANCE!!!  When i got home girlfriend and i noticed 1/4 inch hairs in spots on neck (must have missed it with razor?!) and stubble that i was able to remove with a simple disposable razor (which cost A LOT less).  All the fluff was nice; the towels and oils but at the end of the day the shave just wasn't there.Bottom Line: Nice People, nice environment, good haircuts TERRIBLE SHAVE!
5	I have been needing a trim and a shave for a while now, I contacted Elliott on Twitter and he was able to book me in the next day. Elliott and his crew are Ninjas with their blades, the attention to detail is amazing, the shop is spotless, and the banter was great.I have had cuts by both Elliott and another stylist. Both were amazing at their jobs, but getting the cut and shave from Elliott was the best experience i've had. The entire process took around an hour and a half, we started with a badly needed haircut. A little off the top is an understatement, but it's the summer so I needed a trim. I have also been growing out my facial hair for a while and needed a consultation about what exactly to do with my sad excuse of a beard. He walked me through a few options, I told him to make it look presentable, and off he went. There isn't much like a straight razor shave, the hot towel, the warm lather, the scrape of blade, and the massage after...it's one amazing experience.My only complaint about the place is they're a little off my normal route, but for a quality cut and shave it's worth the trip down there. (215 and eastern)There are a few things that I recommend to everyone that visits, but a shave from Elliott is one of them!
5	The admin side of this operation is a bit weak, but their service - and Elliott's expertise - is fantastic!It took me a couple of calls to talk to a human and make my initial and subsequent appointments.  And when I arrived for my second appointment, there had been a bit of confusion and my assigned stylist had just seated another customer.  Turns out that it was a happy accident, since Elliott arrived a few minutes later and decided to cut my hair himself.My first appointment had been rather unmemorable (and to be fair, I hadn't asked for much), but my experience with Elliott was amazing.  I showed him a picture of a style I liked and he studied it carefully.  Then he went to work.  Right from the way he holds his scissors to his focused determination, the man is an artist! No quick cut and out the door.  He spent almost an hour on my cut and when he was done, the results greatly exceeded my expectation.I am sold on this company and I will definitely continue to use them.
5	Just got my hair cut w/ Elliot and again can't type how pleased I am.  He is the very best in town....
5	Boyfriend texted me the other day saying that he needed a haircut, but didn't want to go back to his previous barber (previous barber did not listen to what Boyfriend wanted). I Yelped and found two potentials: Elliott & Co and barbershop #2. Although Elliott & Co was a bit more expensive than #2, I advised Boyfriend to try it. He works hard and deserves to spend some money on himself :)He headed over this afternoon and I got the following text: "Best m***********' haircut ever". This from a man who is very picky about his hair and is not easily impressed. He said his hairdresser listened carefully to what he wanted and she delivered it exactly. He finally has the actual style he's been trying to have for a while! Elliott & Co, sounds and looks like you have a customer for life.
5	@ElliottandCo have the best upscale services for men (celebrities, businessmen, everyday working men, young men!) Elliott, Bridget & Craig are on top of their game and always "IN THE KNOW" w/ all trendy styles! Great use/sell of products! I recommend the ULTIMATE SHAVE/CUT...very relaxing! I always feel VIP when there! Also, the best talks ever while there! You won't be sorry & you will be HOOKED! I am...I go biweekly! Call to make appt is highly recommended because he is very busy! #BestBarber in Vegas! @LasVegas_Places @LasVegas_Now @klout
5	Great haircut buy a great hair cutter!  I have had my hair cut at places all over the US & the world. The fancy NYC men's salons to the old world English barbers have all groomed my hair.  The best haircut I ever got was from Elliot in LasVegas.  I have never written a review for a business or restaurant but I felt so strongly that Elliot deserves to be recognized for the skills he has.I was very impressed by the thought and care put into my haircut. Elliott did not rush through my cut and was meticulous in the detail he followed. When I left Elliott's chair, my hair looked great, as expected.  What impressed me the most was how good my hair looked 3 days later; a week later and even 10 days after.  The ease of maintenance combined with the great look made this the best haircut I ever had!Next time I get my hair cut I look forward to taking advantage of Elliott's skills with the razor and get a shave also.  This is a truly relaxing experience that I recommend for every man who lives in Vegas or who comes on vacation. Do not miss getting your hair cut by Master Barber Elliott!
5	Love this guy, been looking much better since I've been going to him.Elliott is an artisan at his craft!
5	Elliott & Co is the best professional barber/stylist in Las Vegas (HANDS-DOWN!) It's an experience that you have to endure for yourself.  Very knowledgeable and give great advice on what products to use or styles that fit you! I live in Southwest Las Vegas and don't mind the drive every two weeks because I know the "ELLIOTT & CO. EXPERIENCE"! Now, call and make that appt. 702.990.5672 is recommended http://www.elliottandco.com/ @LasVegas_Places @LasVegas_Now
4	They did a good job. I'd go back.
5	To put it simply, it was the best looking hair cut (in my own opinion) that I've gotten in years. Elliot was able to fit me in on a Sunday (he usually doesn't come in on Sunday) because he had a couple other clients in, and that was great. No lying, it is a bit expensive for a haircut, but I like the attention to detail and expertise with which he was able to cut my hair.
5	I am 100% satisfied with my haircut and the atmosphere including the customer service is deserving of 5 stars.
5	I've been a loyal Elliott & Company customer for the past year and a half and in my experience, they're the best the best in the business. I must have tried at least a dozen other places around the Vegas valley and the results were less than spectacular. I've got what you might call an "old school" hairdo and Craig at Elliott and Co sets me up proper. Elliott and Craig are great guys and really make you feel welcome throughout the whole experience.
5	Called them up this morning and they got me in by 230.  Extremely clean shop and very friendly.  I had no idea how to describe what I wanted but Craig did a fantastic job and I love my haircut.  Very reasonably priced.  Will definitely be returning.
5	Relocating and finding a new place to get your hair cut can be rough.Going to Elliott & Co is an experience!  He takes his experience from Art of Shaving and puts it to good use.  Do your head a favor and come here instead of those discount hair places.  Splurge every once in a while and get a classic straight edge hot lather shave!
5	AMAZING!!!!! This place rocks.... We had just been turned down by another barber in town, and I googled Elliot &  Co. and called them.. They had us in with in 30 min. We walked in and the place is cool.. The interior is smokin' hot, very manly.. My son was given the royal treatment, and had his first and best shave ever.. The men cutting hair were so polite, kind and we had a good laugh when I told them about the other barber who didnt do Shaves... I made an appointment for my husband too.. We will never go anywhere else ... thanks guys for an incredible experience... Love Love Love this place....
5	I went here to find a barber that would listen to what I asked for and delivered.  This is the place.  I made an appointment the night before.  When I walked in, the two barbers in the shop immediately asked if I had an appointment.  Because I did, I was selected by Lily to occupy her chair.  She listened and delivered what I asked for.  She just started there, and needs customers.  So guys, if you are looking for a good cut from a barber who has the right skills plus an engaging personality, GO SEE LILY!  She's there Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.  Call for an appointment just to make sure.  A business cut with eyebrow trimming ran $25.  It was worth it.  This is the place.
5	After relocating to Vegas a couple years ago, it took me a while to find a decent barber. However, I'd say Elliot and his team are beyond decent, they're a very professional group who know what they're doing and go out of their way to be helpful to their customers. They know how to cut hair, which is extra important to me, since I have super thick Italian hair that can't just be solved with a pair of electric clippers by some kid at Super Cuts. The folks at Elliot and Co. take their time to cut with scissors, line everything up a straight razor, and make sure I leave looking fresh.
5	If you need a excellent haircut thats the place to go! I recently relocated out here and was looking for a new barber. I always had good luck finding a place to get decent haircuts but this time I was blown away! Craig did just a great job and kept me comfortable. Anyway, go check it out! I found my barber!And in my wife's words "...the best hair-cut you ever got!"
5	Comfortable, classy and professional.. Elliott & Co not only delivers great service but gives you a GREAT haircut.. Precision straight razor shave with the hot towel is a must to experience.. Always a good time at Elliott's. Oh and if your thirsty he has some complimentary quality beer to help quench your thirst..
5	Nearly 2 years on and I still love this place. It seems that every time I come in I cross paths with someone else I know who is also one of Elliott's clients.
5	Hands down THE BEST barbershop in town! Locals don't miss out; Elliot & Co. is an experience! I'm sure I'm not the first one to say this as it's probably been mentioned in a dozen reviews before me...But I hope my review will be helpful to the locals in the area or just the average Joe that thinks a cut from Super Cuts is acceptable...Guys, I'm not a fashion expert or hair enthusiast heck I've grown up getting my haircuts at places like Great Clips and Super Cuts for almost 17 years... Yeah, it's pretty traumatic. Growing up and even right before I started coming to Elliot & Co I absolutely hated getting a haircut... It was so repetitive that it was slightly depressing going in. Wanting to try a new hairstyle that I saw on TV or online was not an option, you'd always get what the stylized felt like giving you.Well moving on, I found Elliot & Co. right here on Yelp. It had been long enough and I was tired of getting my hair cut from the same boring place, I wanted to try something new. Going into Elliot & Co. for the first time was definitely an experience, reading all of the positive reviews and accolades both Elliot and Craig had collected over their years was astonishing. I still remember the first time I went in, It truly was the first time EVER I felt excited about getting a haircut, hell I think I was even a little nervous... however the visit was no disappointment. I had gone in for a straight razor shave and haircut from the man himself, Elliot.I went in there with a picture of some haircut I had seen online, when I showed it to him he took one good look and knew exactly what I wanted and how to do. The end result was no disappointment, these guys mean business, along the way he even shared some tips about my hair profile, how to take care of it and the whole 9 yards. My haircut was on point and the hot towel straight razor shave made me feel like I was spoiling myself. End result was amazing, if you're thinking about going clubbing or suiting up for a special occasion make this your one stop! Elliot is a guru when it comes to grooming and Craig is nothing short. I've gotten my haircut by Elliot once and by Craig about 4 times and both are equally as gifted. Craig is amazing when it comes to replicating haircut and always gives excellent styling tips about my hair. Definitely my go to guy when it comes to trying something new.Bottom line, if you're into the latest trends or just an average Joe, Elliot & Co. is for you! These guys do not disappoint...
5	Absolutely, and unequivocally the best barber experience to be had. The staff is friendly, courteous, and masterful.  Thank you Lily for your work.
5	Best barber in all the land! Hot towels, straight razors, cool barbers. Place is legit .
5	Plain and Simple, if you need to look your best you need to go to Elliott & Co.  Best haircuts and shaves in Vegas Period!  My highest recommendation.
5	Another great hair cut from my man Craig at Elliott & Co. Most professional barber shop in Vegas.
5	Coming to Elliot & Co. Every other week isnt just about the sharp and fresh hair cut you receive, its a barber shop experience that all men should have when you are being groomed! Elliot and Craig are at the top of the food chain when it comes their craft. With a clean, spacious and laid back atmosphere you will think you never left your living room. Sportscenter on the screen, soothing beats playing in the background and a cold beverage in hand I call Elliot & Co the best barber shop on this side of the Mississippi!
5	I have been a local business executive for almost 20 years in Las Vegas and I made a revelation last night. I usually get tuned up before a meeting and yesterday was no usual experience at Elliot & Co. Elliot is a world class men's care expert. Having been shaved and hair cut at  so many world class resorts from Singapore to the Peninsula Hotel and Spa in Hong Kong I must say no one could come close to the care and impeccable service which I received from Elliot. First Class guy with a Fist Class organization. I will tell all my friends who  have been looking for the best in men's grooming  because I have found our place.
4	My backup barber. Solid haircuts and shaves, my only downside is the price but you get a quality haircut in return! Lily and Elliot have done great jobs out for the numerous times I've been there. Elliott & Co. is nationally known and their owner plays an active role the barber community by throwing events/competitions. Inside you are in for a treat with a clean, spacious, sheik store with Foosball table in the corner and TV on ESPN typically on the flat screen.
5	Been going to Elliot for more than 2.5 years. Moved back to Los Angeles recently. Still go back to Elliott. How come Yelp does not have a 6th star for special, special places?
3	The hair cut was ok, not more then that.
5	I must say I was thoroughly impressed just when I walked in for the first time. The atmosphere was very calm but energetic at the same time. It wasn't dull and quiet which I love. November just ended for No Shave November, so I have been looking around for a good barber to give me a great new look and I have never had my beard trimmed professionally. Lilly did the most fantastic job and I would highly recommend her. She took the time to figure out what style I wanted but I left it all in her hands because I was not sure what to go with. She was clean, precise, and courteous with her service. Thank you!! Time and money well spent!
5	Elliot has cut my hair twice and is always very helpful. This time, he was fixing a mistake I made myself at home. I really cant think of anything wrong with this place. I just wish it was closer to my house.
5	What a cool place. We were in Vegas visiting family for the holidays, and we decided to have pictures done together. My 15 yo son needed a haircut, but he didn't want one until someone mentioned pictures. In a scramble, we called this place hoping they could get us in. We got an appointment for the following day. The hair cut was really good, and actually it seems to be even better a few days later. The price was half what we normally pay for his haircut with my wife's stylist. I believe it was about $30. What I really liked about the place was the vibe and ambiance. The guys cutting hair were like old school barbers in the sense that they were talking with the whole shop, and funny. They engaged with my kids, my wife, and me. My daughter was bored until we went to the back and played Foosball. By the time we left, everyone in my party was wanting to come back.
5	Their sign out front says "Best in Las Vegas" and I fully agree. I have been to a few different spots to get a haircut but I have only gone back to Elliott & Co. Great atmosphere and they know their business.
2	I went in last week for a basic haircut. The lady barber was very friendly but I have had much better haircuts. No scissors were used, only electric shears and I had a high spot near the crown of my head that became more noticeable this week. For $25, I would have expected a better cut, but then again I have had much better cuts for $15...
2	I came to Las Vegas on vacation and wanted to get a shave and haircut so I looked on yelp and found Elliot & co. After reading the reviews I made a reservation for an ultimate shave and  signature haircut right away...I showed up here thinking I was coming to get an amazing strait razor shave and a haircut but I left feeling like I'm not ever coming back. The reservation was made for the ultimate shave and signature haircut but almost none of what the menu says was completed...I'm so disappointed and my haircut sucks. I'm never coming back.
5	Going on my 5th haircut and beard trim from Lilly at Elliott & Co. and my wife has never been happier.  Because let's face it, if the wife's happy, I'm happy.
1	These guys are money grubbing.  What WAS a $25 haircut just jumped up to a $32 haircut.  It's just a haircut for God's sake!  I'm going elsewhere.
5	The best vibe and the best barbers!  Elliott is skilled and professional.  You will leave feeling great and looking even better!
5	So fresh and so clean..clean! I've had many hair cuts, but Elliot hooks it up. His services are just a step above the rest. There is big difference between some one with passion for their profession versus someone just trying to collect another paycheck. Keep up the good work my man!
5	got a hair cut from Craig, and was one hundred percent satisfied with the cut and with the ambiance of the shop, very upscale and more than i expected.
5	Took my friend here for his birthday and he had the best hair cut and shave he's ever had!   He now has a standing appointment every three weeks!  Thank you Elliot!
5	Always friendly, top-notch service from these guys!  Definitely recommend this place for a cut and a straight edge from well-trained professionals!
5	I had a good experience here. My haircut was exactly want I wanted. Employees were friendly.
2	Wonderful ambience, though a mediocre haircut. Definitely not worth the price ($32) for a haircut. They did a similar job to "best cuts" type place. Lady mostly used the trimmers, which were a turn off. Had an appointment yet still waited 30 minutes. Kind of let me down.
2	This is my 2nd barber shop to try in the area.  I called last minute for an appointment and they squeezed me in.  First getting there was interesting because their logo was so hard to read from a distance.  But walking in the place was very clean,  nice, and comfortable.   Lilly cut my hair.  She was a very nice lady.  But she took a long time to cut a simple crew cut.   She already was applying gel before I could check the length.  After giving her feedback, which I think if she had asked two questions in the beginning, she would have already known what I wanted.  Up until I checked out I was never told the price, and I was a bit shocked at the $32 price for this level of quality.   The other place I went charged $18.   I would give them a shot again if I thought that they cared enough, but for $32 bucks, I would rather try two other places and hope that one of them was more interested in my business.
5	I came back here and Elliot totally redeemed the situation. One of the best haircuts and shaves I've ever had. Every part if this experience is amazing.
1	Worst haircut I think I've ever had. They don't understand clipper length or how to blend. First time I went they cut it too long on the sides when I asked for a 2 all the way up on one side and blended on the other so at the base they were the same length. Not even close to a two, I asked how short it was and he said "yeah it's like a 2, I just eyeball it". You sit with your back to the mirror so you can't see your hair until it's too late. I cut one side the length I wanted and went back to have them blend the back and sides. Instead he made the side I didn't cut shorter than the other side. How many times do I have to go back to fix it? $50 later for 1 haircut with tips and not happy at all. The blend is at an angle too, never seen that or asked for that. This review is for Craig only.
5	I have to look professional and well groomed in my occupation.  Elliott is the only barber I can trust to give me a consistent quality trim. He is respectful and very talented.  It took a long while for me to find this high caliber barbershop.  I enthusiastically recommend any man looking for a barber they can be at ease with and receive a haircut and shave they can be proud of to patronize this business.
5	the best hair cut and shave I ever had with the best service and experience. I loved it!!!
5	Came in from out of town needing a shave got one of the best shaves I've ever had.  The stylist was from out of town but she did a great job. Highly recommend this place
5	Always a great haircut from really cool people.  Elliott did a great job and the times when I have had to bring my daughter in they have always been welcoming.I would highly recommend you make an appointment.
5	Great place. Found it on Yelp needing a quick bald fade having stopped in NV from SoCal on my way to NYC, and sure glad I did. Place was clean, comfortable, staff was super friendly and the guys really gave their time and attention to each client. A lot of detail go into these cuts, and it shows.Hard to find a quality barber. Highly recommended.
5	First time getting a classic shave with Tony.  I will be back.  Good atmosphere and good service.  Tony gave me a few return gift certificates as well.  Nice touch!
5	If you want an amazing haircut: GO HERE! Craig Means is one of the best barbers in Las Vegas hands down. The owner Elliot is also a great stylist. I can honestly say I've been to many barbers and it's hard to get a good one especially one that can do fades, tapers, and clean line ups. THIS IS THE #1 BARBER!
5	Hands down Elliott is the bad ass hair guy in Las Vegas! I've been to many barbers and hair stylists and he's the best I've ever been to. I've done $100 haircuts from stylists and they were crap. I will never go anywhere else. Elliott takes his time and his attention to detail is amazing. I'm not sure what he does exactly but I think he used 3-4 different razers and buzzers to do my hair. I've seen him two times and will keep going back.
