4	Full disclosure:  this was our first balloon ride, so I didn't know what to expect.  I can't really compare this company's experience to any other.  Suffice it to say, despite some of the issues I am going to write about, we had a great time on our balloon ride once we dropped our pre-conceived notions about what it would be like.  First off, if you are looking for something romantic like you see in the movies, this isn't it.  (at least not the ride we purchased.)  6-8 people in the gondola, squeezed into little boxes, plus the pilot.  It's super peaceful up at 2,000 feet.  The noise of the hot air is very loud, so like I said, not romantic and certainly not private.  This is not a complaint, just a description.  One thing that could have been a problem, but obviously wasn't, because we were able to take our ride, was that they did not have our reservation listed when we arrived at 6 a.m.  [Then I recalled that the female who took my reservation over the phone 3 weeks earlier was kind of distracted and rude at the time, so who knows?]  That is NOT a great feeling to get up before dawn, looking forward to a unique experience, and then no reservation.  grrrrr.  So I would just say FOR SURE call to confirm at some point before your flight, just to be safe.  Also, PLEASE do not be late for your ride.  There will be about 50 people (four balloons full of passengers, pilots, and ground crew)  waiting to start the experience.  Get there on time so that everyone can start the adventure!  Also, be aware that you will have to hop/climb in and out of the gondola, so it's definitely not a sedentary experience, and you're standing the whole time on the ride.  Just letting you know what to expect. All in all, we loved it and this company seems to know what's it doing.  I would do it again!
4	Hot air ballooning was on my Bucket List....CHECK!I saw the Groupon deal and couldn't pass it up. Glad I didn't! I had never been in a hot air balloon before and I didn't know if that basket would hold us. The sunset flight was like something out of a movie. Peaceful, breathtaking and a memory that will be with you for a lifetime. The team that got us up and flying was so awesome, they talked us through the process and were as enthusiastic as we were. Mark, our guide, was a real professional and knew the answer to just about any question you threw at him. The champagne toast was the perfect ending, especially when they brought out the orange juice and we made mimosas. We said a little tribute to the other balloons in the air and enjoyed the moment with a few strangers, which is always a great part of travelling. I would definitely go if they offered another Groupon type deal, but I feel like full price might be a bit much for a 60 minute ride.
5	Being that I've only been on ONE ride, i thought this one was good.  This is way below my threshold of fun for the dollar, but it was for my Grandmother's 80th's bday and she really wanted to do it.  Overall, this is one of the cheapest deals I've found.  $130 per rider I believer.  Total of 12 in a basket.  Oh yeah.. 12 in a basket is ALOT.  Our guide was funny, he was really skilled (he split 2 hills) and was very accommodating when it came to telling us about the balloon and how everything worked.Champagne, cheese, and crackers at the end.  With your yelp check in a free champagne glass etched with Rainbow Ryders.  Nice way to commemorate.
4	We booked a balloon flight for a sun rise ride.  We learned that sun rise means that you will be riding when the sun is "rising"... meaning that it can be you will be going up while the sun is up...  I say all of this, because this is our second time trying a "sun rise" ride and learned on this one that it just does not really happen :)..  All of that being said they had a very good team who took care of all setup and tear down of the balloons.  Al made sure to give us a good experience over the desert.  Their prices are reasonable, and they deliver as they say they willl..
5	This might be an odd review, because I didn't actually go on a ride with them but I want to give them a positive shout out for solid customer service.  Long story short, I work in media, as does my wife and we each did a story with them.  They were very helpful, and the customers I spoke with were very stoked on the ride and with them.  That's part one.  I was SO impressed I bought a gift certificate with them for a present for my wife.  We had bad luck such as super high winds (cancelled) and emergency surgery ( cancelled) then I had a job transfer out of the area.  We were in a very unique situation and we were able to work it out and I just want to thank them.  A solid group and business...if something goes awry I feel confident they will work with you.  That's it!
5	We took an amazing sunset hot air balloon ride during the Christmas Holiday season. The weather and view couldn't have been better. We saw10 balloons go up with us.Taylor our pilot was great and the ride was very smooth. The champagne toast at the end was a wonderful touch.
5	"Flight commander" Dar was a great balloon pilot for our sunrise trip! Rainbow Ryder's took care of everything from beginning to end. On time. On the ball. It was even interesting to see how they figure out just the right launch point for our navigationless(ish) journey. 12 people in a woven basket, lifted and controlled via propane temperatures and breezes...crazy. We loved the peacefulness from above, while even dipping down low (intentionally) to look for wildlife. After our pretty smooth landing (I was expecting more impact, but was pleasantly surprised), we had a nice continental breakfast with muffins, bagels and scones catered by Wildflower Bread Company. Very good! The champagne, orange juice and cranberry juice could be mixed or served solo as you prefer with comfortable opportunities for refills. Way to go, RR!
5	My parents were visiting from Oregon and since their birthdays were upcoming, I bought them a sunrise ride over phoenix.They came back from their trip overjoyed! They said it was an amazing experience and that their pilot was absolutely great. They surely recommend this company and its tours!thank you guys!!
5	Awesome trip!!!!! Highly recommend. We did a private ride just the two of us for anniversary during sunset. So beautiful and exciting. By far our best anniversary yet. Thanks Dar for a great ride!
5	I'm afraid of heights, especially planes. Yet, this was like nothing I've ever experienced.  It was a smooth, floating, and so pleasant. And the staff was so friendly and helpful that it made the whole experience something I'm so glad I just took the leap and did. I took the kids, 8 and 12, and they gave them certificates and pins as a reward for flying. They let my son help put air in the balloon and had the three of us lay flat in the basket while they inflated it until it popped up. It was so much fun -- safe and exhilarating at the same time. I highly recommend this company.
5	Amazing experience. Patrick was our pilot. He was confident and funny. Jesse was our copilotLoved it!!  I wouldn't fly with anyone else. Patrick also recommended a great detour for us on the way to Sedona. Detour via Prescott and then over the mountain to Jerome !!  Thanks!! We loved it
5	What a wonderful experience! Wonderful ride, great pilot, and overall very much worth our money. Patrick was our pilot and he was very friendly and informative. He managed to ease everyone who had concerns about heights. We all had a wonderful flight from the Carefree Highway down to the Deer Valley Airport. It was nice to finish the whole thing off with champagne and breakfast. I would definitely recommend to my friends and I hope to do it again someday!
5	Great experience!  We had Al at the command and he was great in describing the mechanics of flight and making sure we all understood take off and landing.  Be prepared that it takes about 30-45 minutes to prepare for take off and another 30-45 at the end to pack up.  Very friendly!  Would definitely recommend!
5	My boyfriend and I were hesitant to go on our hot air balloon ride that we received a year ago for Christmas, but finally booked it the last weekend we were in town before the holidays this year.  I'm so glad that we went ahead with the flight!  Besides the initial take-off, I had no fears and really had an excellent morning.  We are even considering booking a private trip at some point when the family is in town!  Patrick was our pilot - he was engaging and really great to be around.  We took off at the same time/location as a couple of different balloon companies, but I really felt like we were in the best hands.  Everything about the trip was handled professionally and it was a great addition to our holiday festivities.  You have my highest recommendations!
1	I know it's a long review, but I think you'll enjoy it:This was a couple years ago, but the issues aren't anything that would have changed so I decided to write a review anyway so other people might know what they're getting into.Bf at the time bought the ride for my bday. He paid full price & thought it was a private ride for 2. We ended up in a tiny balloon basket with a pilot & 2 young Asian girls. Lucky for him, he loved Asian girls...a LOT. I am not Asian. You can understand why this was an issue for me. I did not enjoy my bf smashing against 2 hot young Asian chicks in a basket for my birthday. Not the company's fault, but would be nice if they had informed him that there would be other people on our romantic champagne ride. He kept apologizing to me for this but it didn't help.To make it worse, the girls kept complaining about having gotten up early & talking about how they only went on the ride bc their dad paid 1/2 price for the ride via Groupon. Nothing like knowing my bf spend the equivalent of more than half his menial paycheck on a gift when the other people paid half price. Again, I know it's not the company's fault that some people don't look at Groupon, but it was just another negative on our trip.The pilot was...ok. Ex bf mentioned that I fly airplanes and from that point on the balloon pilot was very condescending toward me.Aside from the questionable company, the ride was strange as well. There is no real launch site. We got up at like 3:30 or 4 a.m. on my bday, drove to a location where we met the crew, then rode around in a van while they tried to figure out where we would launch. I don't know anything about hot air balloons, but driving around for a couple hours was pretty annoying. Guess it's how hot air ballooning goes? So...expect that.Guess what you do after you wake up early and drive around with the crew and the hot Asian girls for a long time? You put together their hot air balloon! That's right...it's a very Tom Sawyer kind of trick where they're like "Hey, you're going to ACTUALLY help us built the balloon you're gonna fly in! It's so fun!" Uhhh...It's not fun. It's work. And the little Asian girls were Scottsdale snobs and refused to help so...for my bday, I got to assemble a hot air balloon at the crack of dawn while one Asian girl stood and watched rolling her eyes and complaining and the other slept in the van bc these 18 year old girls partied too hard the night before. Ugh...The flight itself was fine. Uncomfortable for me bc of the weird situation being squished into a tiny basket with my boyfriend's Asian fantasy girls.I have never been in a hot air balloon before or after this, but the "landing" was pretty much a crash. We hit tree tops on the way down. We were told to brace for impact, and the touchdown was very violent. Dust and rocks flying everywhere while the ground crew tried to catch the ropes and help us to stop without tipping over.The "champagne breakfast" was the crew throwing out a basket of packaged muffins on a tailgate...think Otis Spunkmeyer style and some Sunny Delight with the option of champagne to mix with the Sunny D. Well...for the two of us who were over 21. Fantasy Asian chicks were like 18 so no ghetto Sunny D mimosas for them. They got in the van and slept while the crew packed up the balloon.So...it wasn't what he thought, wasn't what I thought, and we paid double the price of the other customers. It kinda sucked. Except for the Asian girls...their daddy bought them the ride and they got to sleep a lot and get checked out by my bf the whole time, so I guess it was ok for them. Hopefully they'll write a nicer review.
