5	Tres bonne nourriture !!!! Personnel acceuillant
3	We came upon Bistro La Republique after another one of our dinner plans went awry.  We noticed their street front terrasse and it wasn't completely full so we snagged seats right away.Service was a bit slow, only one waitress working.  Once we placed our food orders, she assured us that the food would come quickly as not a lot patrons were eating.  I ordered the Poulet-Lime salad ($12.50), while others ordered the Republique burger ($12.75) and the Vegetarian sandwich ($9.75).  Since it was a hot day, we grabbed some fruity wine drinks - Tinto de Verano ($6).The burgers and sandwich each came with a hearty helping for frites while the portion size for my salad was massive.  I could have shared it between 3 people.A lovely spot for food and drinks to take in the Outremont neighbourhood vibe.
4	This is one of our regular Outremont lunch spots, it's kind of like our Cheers because we know everyone there and they know us. The portions here are generous and the service is quick which is important on Monday-Friday for us office people. I normally get the tuna sandwich or whatever special looks good that day. The soups here are usually awesome, the bread is tasty and the fries are yummy and cooked just right. I am not a dessert person, but the guys here in the office seem to live for their carrot cake/cheese cake concoction.It's fun coming here and they know what we like to eat, what specials we like and what kind of beer is our favourite (Friday's only!)
2	Hate to say it, but this was the only place I didn't enjoy while in Montreal.  I ordered an omelette with cheese, bacon, tomato (they offered a make your own omelette with 3 ingredients).  What I got was a tomato and bacon omelette that was over cooked and then covered in melted cheese.  I"m sure I'm not the first person to order this item so i'ts not possible they didn't know how to make it, right?  And this was a French Bistro, right?  To be fair, my companion enjoyed his eggs florentine, and they did look delicious.  Maybe I just got the cook on a bad morning.
3	This is a nice little spot in a beautiful stretch on Bernard. We arrived for Sunday brunch and the restaurant was not too crowded. Despite this, the service was not great - we were never offered more coffee after our first pour, which came about 10 minutes before our meals. The food is really quite good, though. I had the Republique, and my husband had one of the specials, egg, ham, cheese on French toast. With two coffees, was about $35.
