5	I started going to this clinic because of proximity - it's really close to my home. I find myself very lucky that I am so close.So far, I have seen almost everyone who works there. My husband went went me one day and asked if they accepted male patients - the answer is YES - but it does have a great vibe for being whole person centered instead of a usual doctor's office. The place does feel ilke a spa.I see Dr. Weiss but I usually get in to see Molly Ann or Sue Heck who are nurse practiioners. I have also had Dr. Sarna see me - she's amazing.  I am also really fond of all of the nurses who are there - they have a fun and helpful staff.  I can usually get in for an appointment without too much of a delay. They also have someone on-site to take blood if you need labs done -- convenient!I am looking forward to starting a program they have called "First Line Therapy" where they let you work with a life coach to get your blood pressure, cholesterol and weight under control. I have met Elfie, the woman in charge, in passing and she's just lovely.I also had allergy screen by Kelly Lime - who happened to be a nurse practioner I had 7 years ago at another clinic. I was greeted by her with a big hug -- and a long chat updating on our kids.This place makes me feel like I'm back in North Dakota where everyone knew you're name. I don't feel like a number - I feel like a person at this place. I HIGHLY recommend them all! I almost don't want the word to get out too much because I know that they will fill up with patients once they're discovered! This does seem like an overly positive review..and no I didn't get paid for this :)  They are also affiliated with a MedSpa which is located next to their medical clinic.Check out their site if you're interested in looking into more:http://www.norterrafamilymedicine.com/
5	I am updating this review... Since my original review, they have been awesome!!! I'm dealing with an illness of some sort and they've been on the ball about helping me and getting me into the office quickly and when I need to see someone for a test they called and got me in that same day even with no openings. I will keep them as my primary Dr. because of how much they've taken care of me. :-)
1	I was a new patient here this past week. By far the worst Dr's appointment I have EVER experienced. The Dr. I saw, MollyAnne- was so cold, unpersonable and rude.   I thought I was getting a physical- but all that was checked were my lungs, and she listened to my heart. Without going into detail, she offended me, and I felt like an idiot the whole time I was there. I couldn't get out of that office fast enough.
2	They were ok at first but when I went in for a very personal screening after I found out some things about my spouse, my doctor came off very judgmental and I felt very uncomfortable. Turned out everything was fine..but I never went back and never will.
2	Been going here for 4 years.... no more.  First reason is that they are all about $$$.  They have a video playing in the office that states you can't ask the doctor a medical question that isn't related to your current appointment.... really? They charge full "doctor" appointment fees for something a PA can do.  Doctor showed up to check my lungs.... THAT"S IT!!! There was absolutely no reason for the doctor to be there.  I just need an immunization!  Also,  they don't return calls.  No matter how many times I tell them the pharmacy I use, they send my scripts to another one.  Plus, they really don't go over the "bad" aspects of certain procedures.  The PA suggested a procedure for me.  I went home, researched it, asked other doctors about it and decided against the procedure.  When I went back in the actual  Doctor asked me why I didn't follow through with it.  Once I told her my concerns she was like "yea, I wouldn't recommend that procedure either".  Not to mention the wait times.  They may get you back fast, but you'll just sit and wait for the doctor.  Hopefully they'll turn this office back around.  Until then, I won't be going here any longer.
1	The staff does not seem to have a real sense of empathy. I would not recommend them as a patient
1	Wanted unnecessary blood work (EVERY MONTH!), why when I'm taking ZERO medication as they trying to "fix" the problem through herbal supplements 5 appointments and 4 months later nothing different...SCAM!!  Went to another doctor and I was back to normal after my 2nd visit!  Not to mention after my insurance paid what was allowed, I was billed the remainder!  I would not recommend to anyone!
1	Where to start? The short version: MollyAnn is incompetent and beyond rude, with absolutely zero bedside manner or people skills. AVOID!I had been to her a year and a half ago for routine blood tests, including some hormone testing (which is part of why I went there in the first place as that is specifically mentioned on their website, along with the fact that they claim to take an integrative, holistic approach, which I saw no evidence of). At that appointment she was decent, not excellent by any means but I got the tests done that I wanted to with no issues, so I made an appointment to have the same things done again since it has been well over a year and I (wrongly) assumed it would be easiest to go to the same provider and just say "I want you to repeat everything you did before."She was rude from the start with an obstinate air when I asked that she repeat all the same tests I had done at my previous appointment. "Why do you even want your hormones tested?" she asked, when we had just discussed that I've recently gained weight without changing anything, have a previous diagnosis of hashimoto's thyroiditis, AND when she herself ordered those very tests at my first appointment, and subsequently recommended bioidentical hormone replacement therapy even though all of my hormones were in the ideal range but with slightly incorrect ratios. Dumb question, right? But I tried to give her the benefit of the doubt.Next, she refused to do some of the tests I requested because she "wouldn't know how to interpret them" if they were not performed on *one* specific day of my cycle, which is impossible due to insurance coverage ending. It's pathetic that she would be unwilling and unable to order tests that do not fit in her tiny box of routine labs she orders all day, everyday for everyone walking in the door. I'm knowledgeable about endocrinology, and there is no reason the tests couldn't have been performed on a different cycle day, using a different (given) reference range, other than her own ignorance about their interpretation, which she cited as the reason she wouldn't order them.I left after just a few minutes of the appointment when it was clear that she had zero desire to help me and was beyond difficult to communicate with, practically rolling her eyes and chastising me for knowing what I want and asking for it. She also seemed relieved I was leaving (?!) instead of concerned that she had given awful "care" and service. I would give zero stars if I could, although the practice manager I talked to afterwards was pretty nice, yet unconcerned when I mentioned several abysmal yelp reviews I would have to agree with.Bottom line: I can't comment on any other providers at this office, who may be decent, but MollyAnn is incompetent, rude, and clearly doesn't care to help people. Her defiant attitude was just plain weird. I actually read the other reviews last night when looking at directions for my appointment, and wondered if they were legit. Turns out yes! Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else!
3	I went to NorTerra Family Medicine for my "Woman" appointments. I had gone to them for three-ish years. I'm not going to say the specific doctor's name, because I don't want to single her out. But, I was getting the breast exam done, when she was in them middle of it, and said "I'll be right back" and left me laying there, with no explanation. When she returned about three or five minutes later (Which I was straight in panic mode due to over thinking... why would she leave right in the middle of the exam). When she came back in to finish the exam, I said "Is something wrong?" and she says "No, I just had a lapse of memory for a second" and she literally left me laying there.... made me feel like.. did she feel something? Why would she just dip out of there like that?My favorite lady was the lady who drew my blood for my annual blood work. She was always nice, and funny, and made a stressful situation seem like a breeze. The front desk girls efficient, but kind of snobby. Long wait times. If your appointment is at 2:00pm, expect to wait until 2:45pm to be seen. Fast lab results, nice office, clean, straight and to the point.
