3	Affordable eatery and the food tastes pretty good too. Changs Spicy Chicken is pretty good though the Hot and Sour soup could go easy on the sodium. Dimly lit interior fits in with the whole vibe and style of cuisine. Pretty friendly waiting staff and the service is above average. Lots of drinks to choose from. PF Changs is a nice establishment to venture to every few months.
4	The staff is always polite and friendly and are quick to fix any problems you might have.  The portion sizes are great if you want to do family style dining, or get something just for yourself and have plenty left over for lunch the next day.  Not a place you want to go if you are looking for a quite night out, but otherwise the atmosphere is romantic enough to take a date to on a Friday night (just be sure to make reservations!) .  Personal favorites are Chang's Spicy Shrimp and the Banana Egg Rolls.
2	I'm not going to judge you for eating at PF Changs, after all, I did eat at Pei Wei two nights ago-thus the 2 stars, not just one. However, I did wake up the next morning with the shits.. maybe I oughta rethink that extra star!
3	3.5 Stars!I have always liked P.F. Chang's. The food is delicious.  The appetizers from their famous lettuce wraps to their salt & pepper calamari.Nicely lit - dim yet, easy on the eyes - brings comfort to a very loud place.  Not a romantic place.  More on a good place to eat out once in a while with a fun group of friends and family - and I now have my parents doing take out on occasion.They are good to hook you in and make you want to go back.They should think about opening up one in SOMA here in SF.  They would have my business.  Otherwise, trekking out to the one in Emeryville isn't so bad - but, it seems so far across the bay bridge... hehehe (san francisco joke).
4	I really love PF Changs.  They offer lots of vegetarian options (even lettuce wraps - YUM).  I went there the other night with a large party for someone's birthday.  We had reservations and the place was slow, so we sat right away.The waitress was very prompt and attentive, even though we could all tell that she was a little worried about having a large party.  We hardly waited at all for our dinners - which were a combination of vegetarian and meated dinners.  I had the Ma Po Tofu.  It was so good - and when I went home and looked up the fattiness thereof, it is a reasonable and healthful choice!  How exciting and refreshing is that?I will definitely go back to PF's.  (and it's little sister Pei Wei.)  Yum!
2	PF chang does not serve real Chinese food, they serve American Chinese food. It is different thing. Typically American Chinese food does not require a lot of skill to do it. Unlike authentic Chinese cuisine which requires a lot of skill and time to cook. The problem is PF chang does not even know how to cook a simple dish. I have had the worst roast duck in PF Chang, house special pork rib was aweful. I don't understand how they can screw up such simple dish. My wife and I can make better dish than them. Price is way too expensive. I can easily find a bundle of Chinese restaurant better than PF Chang around Phoenix area. Sigh
1	I have had hit or miss experiences here.  Many good ones but the last one was so bad I will NEVER go back.  I ordered the crispy tofu with brocolli.  It had very little sauce, the tofu was so uncrispy and the brocolli was not cooked at all... not al dente but HARD.  Then within 20 minutes of leaving I was sick as could be.When I complained about my food they took it back to the kitchen and I swear brought the exact same food back to me.
1	What the heck happened to PF Changs?  They used to be one of the best Chinese food places around!  Wife and I went there a few weeks ago and both vow to never return.  Her food had zero spice mine had double...had to send it back...after a 30+ minute wait on it the first time then another 15 the second.
4	Good lettuce wraps, lots of selection, attentive service. Overall a good place
1	Whenever I go here I feel like everyone knows a secret about this place that I don't. The food isn't Asian in any meaningful sense, and it isn't particularly good in general. So why is it packed out and the dishes so relatively expensive?I just had the new Lemongrass Prawn, which was pretty good as far as that goes, but not even remotely Chinese. The fake Asian decorations are more annoying to me than anything, and the dim ambience is destroyed by the TVs playing at the bar since they can be seen from just about every table in the restaurant. The general pretense of classiness was ruined for me when I went to the bathroom only to find spanish profanities written all over the stall.Someone in my party was served the wrong dish, and it took a while for us to get the right one. We were mistakenly given an appetizer which we had not ordered. Clearly, the serving system is incapable of handling a full restaurant. I also saw people being moved to different tables to make way for other, larger parties. I understand the business sense, but that's a completely classless move. Our server was very friendly, but rushed us out as soon as we were done eating.Bland food, poor service, long waits, and high prices? I'll pass.
4	Don't go aggro on me, Chain haters! Yeah, I like P.F. Changs. Deal with it in a constructive and mature manner.So I go here last night with my wife and son.  I didn't have to wait, for I called in earlier and got on the list (smart thinkin' bro!).  We all meet up and walk into the joint.  Oh, and exterior decorators... My son LOVED the ginormous horse outside, BTW thx!  We get a table and order.  I can't recall what my wife ordered.  Some sort of garlic shrimp plate with snow peas... It was worth a nom. My dish, however was the full triple nom. Double Pan Fried Noodles. Freaking amazing.  It tasted like the Kung Pao Chicken had rolled around on a bed of noodles so FAST that it cooked them to a delightful crisp and then left its tasty juices behind on its bed. Nom Nom Nom.We also order Crispy Green Beans for my son, but we ended up eating most of them ourselves. Sorry Conor :( but they were too good to pass up!!!! Tempura coated green beans lightly cooked and served with a spicy ranch style dipping sauce.  It was equally delish!Not to mention our waiter was on key that night.  He stopped by a few times and filled our mango ice teas and even bagged us up some extra sauce for the beans. Score!Overall, it was a memorable night with my beautiful fam... good freakin times, yo
5	I have been to PF Changs before, but not to this specific location.  I dined here on Sunday night, and it was a pleasure as always.  We were seated right away, and the place is pretty big and well laid out.  Had a decent crowd for a Sunday night, and our service was great!  you can actually see this location from the road, making it easy to find, and parking was a breeze.I ordered the Sweet and sour chicken.  I forgot what my date ordered, but both dishes were good.  I upgraded this time, and got the fried rice...with shrimp!Food came out in a decent amount of time.  Server was smart, friendly, and did not make us feel rushed.  My serving of shrimp fried rice was HUGE!  Did I also mention that it was tasty?  Sweet and sour chicken was done just right, and it was tasty!I would definately return here, and was happy with my experience at this PF Changs location.
5	We go to PF Changs at least once every couple of months. I have never been disappointed by their food. Their orange peel shrimp is the bomb. We like it extra spicy. You can ask for white and brown rice. The black pepper prawns served with the mustard sauce are amazing but are best eaten fresh right over there. They get all soggy if you do takeout. Have you ever eaten their desserts? Try the Great Wall of Chocolate. It is huge. One order is good for like 6 people. Or if you are a chocolate lover like me...maybe good for just one. Giggles...The service is sometimes not up to par but eventually it all works out. Lately it hasn't been that busy when we go, even on weekends but it is always good to call about half an hour before you get there on weekend nights because you never know how long the wait is going to be.
4	My husband and I had lunch here yesterday. The food was delicious, they also have a nice wine selection....and our waitress was perfect. Would definitely eat here again.
4	I love PF Changs. I have never had really great service in Tempe but the location in Chandler always has terrific service. Large menu, lots of yummy and different things to choose from. The staff seem to enjoy themselves a lot. I heard one waiter telling his table that he has been with the company since 2001. Their egg drop soup is so good and you can eat off the lunch bowl menu during the day and your entree comes with the soup. We had the egg rolls today and our waitress prepared a sauce at our table-medium and it was amazing! The drinks and desserts are really good too. You can go here for a special occasion or just lunch. Most likely the manager will pop over to make sure everything is ok-and most likely, it will be!!
4	I was shopping at the mall, and I got hungrySo I thought about my choices, and decided to try out PF Chang's.I haven't eaten PF Chang's in like... 10 years.I ordered their lettuce wraps, and man o man, I loved them!I could eat them every day.So yeah, that's all.I did like that when I told the server of my peanut allergy, she totally took it seriously and had the kitchen use separate pots and pans for my food.  I'm such a princess.:)
4	This place was what i was looking for!it has a pretty good size menui had the Dali Chicken (very very very spicy)service is very good
5	I have to tell you that as many times as I've been here in different locations and eating different dishes I've never been dissapointed! This time around after eating burgers, ribs, cups and cups of beer at the Phoenix Open and Chick Fil A I was in the mood for something healthy. I had that ginger salmon cuz I wanted something healthy and I was craving fish, lobster or oysters settled on fish and I gotta tell you it was something special. I wasn't really all that hungry because of all the appitizers I was munching on but at the end of the meal the plate was empty.Changs needs no introduction. They're good at what they do and everything else just kinda falls into place.
1	I don't know how anyone could remotely consider this "Chinese" food. PF Changs is a disgrace, just another hyped-up restaurant catered to ignorant Americans who don't know any better. Go to Beijing or Hong Kong and ask for a lettuce wrap, when they laugh in your face, tell them that PF Changs said it was authentic.
4	Yes, I am a fan of Pf Changs. I love coming here and when I do, never disappointed. Despite the harsh critics out there claiming it's not "real" asian food, well have you actually had real asian food? I like to consider this asian food with an american flare. Who cares, as long as it's good, I don't care who cooks it! This place is fun to go to, I enjoy the ambiance of it, I enjoy their mixed drinks and I really enjoy their food. Oh and if you haven't had the calamari, the best!!
5	I just want to say thank you to the Management and staff, especially Amy for their fantastic service and wonderful meal.Let me explain how wonderful they were...we took our 87 year old grandmother out to eat.  She loves the egg-drop soup and lettuce wraps.  When she picks the lunch spot, PF Changs is her place of choice! As we walked to the door pushing the wheel-chair, Amy, who turned out to be our waitress, politely opened the door and helped us to our table.  She was patient with our order and pampered us the entire time.  Amy cheerfully completed all our requests and even went overboard.The food was well prepared, great portion sizes and straight from the kitchen to our table in amazing time!  Yes we enjoyed grandma's favorites as well as a couple of ours!When it was time to leave, as if Amy hadn't bee fantastic already, she boxed our leftovers and spoiled grandma with several extra fortune cookies, just to make sure she got a good fortune.  Then she suggested we use the side entrance from the patio, which gave us a straight shot to the handicap parking spots and kept grandma out of the sun.We really enjoy the food from Changs, but Amy really made our visit!  Thanks Amy, for everything!
4	Best service I've ever gotten at a PF Changs. I love when a waitress actually takes the time to talk to us about something besides what we want to drink and eat. Ours did just that and made us laugh. The food was the same as always, but her animation regarding our mutual guilty pleasure, Project Runway, made the lunch memorable. Cheers to that.
3	Went again last night as a Moms Night Out with a group of 7 friends- I did not pick the restaurant.I ordered a tofu and vegetables in a coconut curry sauce.  YUM!  Hot sake for $4.50 was huge and a draft Kirin beer.  Total bill with tax and tip was $23.
1	I generally don't write reviews about chains that I rarely visit, but sometime rely on when I in a pinch while travelling... but this was just to classic to not share for posterity... Sit down at the bar (you know travelling by myself) - looked like the right spot with appropriate elbow room for Me, Myself, and I, but lo and behold picked the spot with the dark mushroom on the counter, and the sticky hidden mess where I put my rental car keys.Nice enough waitress/bartendress offers me a drink, I get a slightly chilled (54 degress perhaps) Malbec, which was good.  Ordered my peculiar dish (the only reason I ever come to this chain) - stock velvet Kung Pao with loads of veggies added to make it almost healthy (minus the heartache inducing sodium levels).  Figured it would be all normal like it usually is in a chain like this....  consistency for the sake of authenticity and the fact that Chandler is almost devoid of good cuisine.First dish out - fast.  No veggies, they send it back... back in 5 minutes, chicken is not stock velvet, I didn't notice at first... waitress did, plates sent back... 10 minutes later.... food now in front of me to consume.  No problem, I can handle two screw ups, I will be gone soon from this place.  However my journey has just begun.... Young manager comes by, says sorry I talked to the "chef" and chucks a free appetizer card at me.  Good only for Chandler...  I let the waitress know later in a nice manner that they can keep it, because I don't live here.  She says oh, let me get you something else.  Then ensues some discussion with suave young manager and older manager..  older manager comes by and tells me that being that I didn't order an appetizer I couldn't redeem the appetizer card.  He repeats this twice because I couldn't fathom that he would be saying that the card that they just gave me, which I didn't want, I was now in trouble for trying to use???  He finally understands my confusion... and says, oh I will be back.He comes back with a appetizer card I could use anywhere in the world!!! Yippeeee!!  And then he gives me his card in case I have trouble getting a table when I want to use the appetizer card back home - because he opened all the restaurants up there.  Trouble getting a table at PF Changs?????? !I left going holy mother of cows, then I saw the UFOs over Phoenix and realized I was in the Twilight zone.
1	Sad and disgusted I will never come here again...I went for the first time to Pf Changs last night with the suspicion that I shouldn't because I hardly ever eat at chains because they are generally overpriced, over-hyped and have poor quality of food while trying to pretend that it is so hip. Boy was I ever right and this just goes to tell you that you should always listen to that little voice in the back of your head instead of the louder one in your stomach. Instead of going to a noodle house where everything is made fresh my partner and I opted to come here because it was in the parking lot of the mall where we were and he was ravenous. Decor is nice et cetera, et cetera, and I ordered a glass of Malbec and some spring rolls. When the rolls arrived, they looked like they came out of the freezer bag and the sauce tasted like it did too. Not only that, but they did not even taste as good as the freezer rolls do lol. Completely void of taste and the only highlight was the arrival of my slightly chilled Malbec.I ordered the vegetable lo mein and my partner ordered the mongolian beef. His arrived looking fine, nothing extraordinary and mine arrived looking like someone had gone out and purchased one of those Yakisoba noodle packs and just plopped it into a white plate. It didn't come with any rice and the lame oil and pepper trio they tout wasn't very good. The broccoli was undercooked and it was completely void of flavor. I was so pissed off that for a small ass portion which sucks by the way, they charge you $9 which you could get somewhere else at a mom and pop operation for about a buck less and it tastes so much better.Good service but that's not enough to save their lackluster food, maybe just this one in Chandler sucks. Either way, I don't really want to find out.
2	I've been to this place a couple of times, mainly for team lunches, so I thought I'd review it this time.  When you walk in, you get that classy Asian vibe.   It's fairly upscale looking.  But the first thing I noticed was how few Chinese people there are.  I think I was the only one.  We had the chicken lettuce wrap for the appetizer. The chicken was not as tender as some other lettuce wraps I've had, and the soysauce may have overpowered the taste of the chicken.  But it was edible.  I tried one of the lunch bowls: pepper steak.  It said it should by spicy, but I couldn't feel the spice.  The beef was cooked well, but they ODed on the sauce making it too salty.  I thought the dessert shooters were really cute.  It's a good portion for those who want to have some desserts but not overstuff ourselves after a heavy main course.  The tiramisu shooter isn't as good.  But then it's not expected to have a tiramisu flavor in a Chinese oriented place.  It tastes more like a tiramisu cake instead of the traditional soft and creamy tiramisu I'm used to at an Italian restaurant.What I do like about the restaurant is the different tea flavors you can choose from.  And they bring it out for you in a traditional Chinese/Japanese like teapot to set the Asian mood.  It's a good alternative for a tea house. Pf Chang's is good to have food for the people who like the Chinese-American fusion.  It may be a good place to start if you're scared of "real" Chinese food.  It's not a good place for authentic Chinese food.  And the price is more than I would pay for average tasting lunch.
3	I have not been to this place in forever and I will tell ya why. Because Pei Wei exist! It is the sister company of PF Changs so alot of the dishes are the same, in fact, I think they taste better at Pei Wei. In addition, its way cheaper and you get alot more then what they give you at Changs, Although its walk up and order and get your own drinks, utensils, etc, they bring your food to you. There is no tip necessary which saves ya $. Its just better all the way around. Now I am not completely knocking Changs. Their food is very good. I especially enjoy the lettuce wraps and crab wontons (which I can get at Pei Wei), the orange beef (Pei wei has it also!), the Changs spicy chicken (only at Changs), and their lo mein (Different here then at Pei Wei). However, I feel like I have to order all of these things when I come here just to get full!!! That in turn comes out to over 80.00!K to sum it up, this place is not bad, not good, simply ok in my opinion but I will probably never go here unless someone else insist on this and I cant talk them into Pei Wei. Haha
2	My mom, I swear. She can't get past wine in a box, Costco, or chain restaraunts. But anyway...This was where she took the fam for my brother's birthday this year, because he's into Chinese. Whether it actually was Chinese is debatable.We started with the lettuce wraps,because that's what you do at PF Changs. Yeah, they were ok, a bit salty.We got big plates of a bunch of different dishes. Nothing memorable. My dad sat with his beer and ate nothing, which really cracked me up. He hates Chinese food and there is not any American alternative to choose from. Occasionally we would hear him grunt in displeasure at the whole experience. Over-hyped, over-rated. My mother's take: This place is great! We should come here for your birthday Nesto. wow.
4	While my experience with P.F. Changs is usually based on their takeout, last night my mother-in-law and I had a rare evening together and chose to eat in the restaurant.  We arrived around 6:00 PM on Friday night, and the place was very crowded already - a large party of 35 was taking up much of the table space so nobody was going anywhere for a while.  Nevertheless, the greeting staff were all calm, polite and cheerful, and we put in our name, were told we'd wait about 35 minutes, and headed for the bar.Our bartender was a hoot, and gave us terrific service while we stood behind other patrons at the bar.  When our table was called (35 minutes later, right on the button), we were seated and joined by our server Brianna.Despite what clearly must have been a hectic evening for her, Brianna was calm, focused and made our experience terrific.  When our food arrived, she commented on how beautifully my Oolong-marinated sea bass had been cooked (and she was right).  She was just delightful.A number of people checked in during our meal to make sure we were happy with everything, and the managing partner offered us his business card and suggested next time we could contact him directly and he might be able to seat us more quickly.The only reason I can't give 5 stars is due to the noise level in the restaurant (which can't be helped given their layout).The evening was great, the food was terrific, and Brianna was one of the best servers we've ever had.  We'll definitely be back.
5	We came in for lunch on tax day to receive the additional 15% off.  The promotion is definitely what brought us in.Ordered the chicken chopped salad, beef and broccoli lunch, and the spring rolls.  Everything was excellent and came out quick.If you like iced tea I would suggest ordering it because it's unsweetened and very good.
5	I am so very impressed!  having recently discovered an unfortunate gluten intolerance (boooooooooooo, especially due to a lifetime of carb-lover syndrome), I have to be more selective about where and what I eat.  lame.  anyway, my girlfriend and I dined at P.F. Chang's last night, and we were greeted by a terrific host (who was terrifically funky), and had a terrific server who was very attentive to our needs AND new all about the gluten-free items on the menu, down to the sauces!!!  she even brought me out a special sauce.  Chang's offers a GLUTEN-FREE menu on the back - this is so awesome!!!  I cannot tell you how much I appreciated that.  And, the selection is widespread, so you're not limited to a few things with this setback.  I had the Fried Rice with Shrimp, and it was delicious, and definitely affordable.  The ambience is really nice, the drink menu looks interesting (though a little pricey), and there is plenty of seatingBecause I spent a great deal of my younger life in the service industry, I fully appreciate having great service, because I was a great server - and this means a lot to the customer!  You can tell that P.F. Chang's really emphasizes the value of service.  Kudos!!  Will definitely be back, and will definitely recommend!
3	Background:  I have wanted to try this restaurant since they 1st opened, and the rumor of their prohibitivly expensive food is what kept me away for this long.  Since it was Father's Day, and one of my daughters wanted to help defray the unethically high cost, I agreed to finally try.Service:  Friendly, warm, and usually nonexistent.  There were 4 times out of 10 table visits where the waitress was unexplainably missing for over 15 minutes.  It took us over 110 minutes to get out of this restaurant-- we just kept waiting for the server.  I can also say that whenever she did arrive, she had a plastered-on smile, a soothing voice, and pretended to be attentive to our every need.  It's tough have a good family experience with her kind of ungenuine performance.Price:  Unnecessarily expensive, and horribly overpriced.  Food from Pei-Wei (at cheaper prices) is easily comparable to these dishes.  Most of the entrees were $15-25, so this can only be a family restaurant for special occasions.  They will easily miss the entire market of routine family meals, because of their ridiculously high prices.  Please stop creating restaurants with price lists like this.Taste:  The food was wonderful, and exactly what I'd expected.  I also would expect a 10-out-of-10 taste of food for this kind of money.  The portions were enough for a 2nd meal later, so this part was A-OK.In summary, we won't be back.  My 1st impression when we sat down was that it sounded as loud as a cafeteria.  The concrete floors must have echoed the sound of all the diners clinking their silverware and talking needlessly loud in the dining room.We will archive this visit in the family history and refer to it as, "...remember the time we went to P.F. Changs?".  I've enjoyed Wolfgang Puck's shows, advice, and attitude, but the prices are too prohibitive for any type of return trip.  I'm kind of stunned that they would pin their future hopes of success on the hope that another 1st time visitor will keep this restaurant going.
2	P.F. Changs used to be the place to go for unique and flavorful Asian/ American cuisine. Not anymore! Over time this groundbreaking restaurant chain has slowly declined. It is sad because it WAS a great place to eat. Now corporate cutbacks and shortcuts along with the  gradual substitution of cheaper sauces and meats have rendered this eatery a mere shadow of its former self. We tolerated it for sometime but most recently it became intolerable.Coincidentally the boys upstairs have released a frozen for supermarket consumers version of the recipes. It is marketed under the P.F. Changs name.              Frozen food!..Yuck. I might as well stay in, save money and put in a Marie Calendars or P.F. Changs TV dinner. Did you not see  The movie "Ratatouille"?This is the kiss of death.
5	We went to P. F. Chang's last night and I was really impressed with their service and of course the food. When we walked in, it was obvious there was a wait. We were pretty hungry and almost left, but the two hostesses working were just so sweet that we decided to wait it out anyways (which turned out to only be around 10 minutes). One of them even checked on us a couple of times and told us that there was only one person in front of us and we were next. Such a sweetheart. Our server was Claire and she was just as sweet! Usually when restaurants are busy, you can tell the servers are stressed out and they tend to kind of rush you to make a decision, but she was the exact opposite. We ended up deciding on the chicken lettuce wraps and split the Mongolian Beef. NOM! It was so good. I wish we had leftovers because I can't stop thinking about the deliciousness that was P. F. Changs! The manager, Mike, is a very very nice man, too which I think must rub off on all of his employees. Great food and amazing service. I have NOTHING to complain about!
3	Four stars for service, comfy chairs and classy surroundings. Two stars for the food. Chinese food has always been about inexpensive tasty food with some different flavors. PF Chang's is the antithesis of this: moderately good food at an expensive price. It probably costs so much because of the huge horse statues out front--I mean, really? We were with a group and joined them late, but waiters whisked over to the table, brought us menus and drinks, and got us some rice right away. They quickly took our order and rushed it to the kitchen. We were eating in maybe 20 minutes. Considering that it was a very crowded Saturday night, that was very impressive. The servers were helpful with suggestions and very friendly. The kitchen was fast. What I liked about the food was they came up with a little unusual and creative ideas: my wife ordered a lamb dish and they put some cilantro in it; not a classic Chinese ingredient but a good use of local flavor. I also liked that the kitchen was able to substitute shrimp for pork in my dish, although not on the menu. What I didn't like was that my Mu Shu vegetables seemed overcooked without that much flavor, and the pancakes started toughening up at the end. By comparison, an independent Chinese restaurant in Phoenix made this dish with fresh-tasting vegetables with more flavor, and the pancakes were so delicate they practically melted in your mouth. This place is okay for a larger group, and in this area, but for value and food quality, I would go elsewhere.
3	P.F. Chang's offers a nice selection of vegetarian fare that I have been consuming since my switch to vegetarianism last year. Its been good for my family as well since they all eat meat. My husband and I can get what we like, they can get what they like, everyone leaves happy.My favorite dishes are the vegetarian lettuce wraps and the spicy eggplant. My husband prefers the ma po tofu and the vegetable curry. We also like to get take out. Did you know that you can order those little mini deserts to go? Ya, I found that out a few weeks back and ordered four of them. They are pretty good. Beware though, P.F. Chang's food is extremely high in sodium. So if you have high blood pressure or something, you should probably eat somewhere else. Otherwise you might die. But for those of you who don't care about your sodium intake, they have a warrior card you can sign up for online and get 10% off every time you eat here. You even get emails sometimes with 20% off coupons.
3	The typical chain restaurant. This is to Chinese what Olive Garden is to Italian. Except that Olive Garden is a better value for money. Ambience and service are very good. Food is okay. I wouldn't particularly recommend it for vegetarians.
4	Yummy American Chinese food! Hunan Fish, Sichuan Scallop, shrimp with garlic sauce... U name it! And they serve Samuel Adams beer on draft as well as lots of other standard bar drinks, which is rare for a Chinese restaurant.As for dessert, they've got carrot cake, key lime pie etc.The service here is really good too. Now I totally see why PF Chang is running so successfully because of its finely culturally adjusted business model.
2	Have you ever eaten Chinese food?  Real chinese food?  Trust me, it's not like this--this is decadent, greasy, rich American food with Chinese names.Ma Po Tofu is not supposed to be crunchy outside, soft inside, and sweet/sour.  But here it is!Also, don't ever order a coctail or drink not on their menu.  I got an unlayered B-52 in a brandy glass.  More like a Yak-2.
3	Ok,......for a chain. I try to support local business as much as possible. Pricey, good for a date night I guess.
4	I love PF Chang's.  I realized I hadn't written a review of the location closest to me after my hubby and I had dinner there tonight.  The food was as good as always - the great thing about this chain is their consistency.  This particular location has great service, too.  The only bad thing is that there can be a long wait and it is usually packed due to the proximity to the mall.
4	Okay, this is another instance where I officially state that I don't often go to chain restaurants and then go home and rate them a 4-Star only because most of my experience are usually 3-Stars.  Also, I'd like to clarify that I am giving this rating based on service and not necessarily on food, though the food was on par and as expected.We had a great time at PF Changs today... only reason we went here was because my sis was craving "chinese".  Anyway, our server J was awesome and so was the manager (with whom we had a lengthy, funny, conversation about burgers, of all things).  The food was as expected but I was mostly impressed w/ our server who, when I told him in a joking manner that I might start gnawing on his arm because I was so hungry, he said, "give me a sec" and ran back to the kitchen and had them whip up our meal pronto.  It came out quickly and everything except the Buddha's feast was exactly as ordered.Our server was not a fake friendly guy, he was just real though friendly, funny, and quick.  He didn't do any of that annoying interrupting stuff (I hate that, esp when you're in a deep conversation with someone and they interrupt you to ask if you want water.. yes, it's empty 'cuz I've been suckin' it down so please go for it) and walked by often enough so that if we needed something, we could grab him easily.My martini (Dragon something or other) was pretty good, though a bit too sweet for my taste to order again.  My eggplant was really good (then again I was really hungry).  But like I said, our server was great and provided the kind of service that makes you want to come back because it's rare to find.  Yeah.. I know, I wasn't expecting that at all.Also, they had a decently sized Gluten Free offerings for those with Gluten allergies - that's great to find!
5	The black pepper chicken and lettuce wraps are perfection.
4	Food is always great here. Not a bad spot for a lunch special quick stop either.
4	Good food as always!!  The waiter talked a bit too much. I like to talk to my wife during dinner, not the waiter.
1	If you have over 2 people plan on waiting over 2hrs for a table. If you happen to ask for a manager don't count on ever speaking with one. You are an inconvenient burden that pays their bills.
2	I came here involutarily with a group of 10 for a family birthday celebration. Not my side of the family, of course, but it's one of the sacrafices you make when you get married.To psych myself up, I got there early to catch the tail end of happy hour. I was decently impressed with the black tea gimlet. It was served in a coupe glass, and the St. Germain made it sweet and smooth.I ordered the Buddah's Feast steamed because I didn't want to deal with the usual 5 pounds of water weight gain that comes from consuming quadruple the RDA of sodium in one meal. When our food was brought out, there was lots of confusion. The two servers started auctioning off our food, yelling down the table. One of the meals was wrong, and three other entrees came in its place. My entree was no where to be seen. I'm surprised they dropped the ball so badly. I thought part of the reason you eat at a souless, corporate grubateria was to experience a well-oiled machine that is able to execute orders correctly and efficiently. Splitting the checks was also a bumpy, drawn out experience.Hopefully, I won't have to come here again.
3	**Carry-Out Review**I really do enjoy the food from P.F. Changs, so imagine my delight when I received a couple free gift cards. Not having time to dine-in, I opted for carry-out at this location closest to my gf's house. Pro's: -Courteous and efficient staff on the phone. They cut right to the chase, offered me the typical add-ons and gave me a time frame to arrive.-Delicious food! We ordered chicken lettuce wraps (never disappoints), cashew almond chicken (large chunks of chicken and tasty sauce), beef with broccoli (my personal fav).Con's: -Tardiness. I showed up on the later end of the arrival range and waited 10-15 more minutes.-Busy waiting area. The carry-out cashier is the bartender and there's not really a great place to sit or even stand if the bar is full. There is a small seating area but it's directly adjacent to diners, so rather awkward ("hey, mind if I steal an eggroll since I'm practically at your table")-The broccoli beef leaked all over the bottom of the bag. Unfortunate.Bonus points:-I was offered water a number of times. Mostly because I was standing in the way of the kitchen, but it was still nice of them to ask.-Very nice staff who apologized for my wait.Bottom line:Unless you absolutely need to do carry-out, this P.F. Chang's China Bistro is really set up to give you a wonderful in-house dining experience. Gift cards or not, take them up on that!
5	I came here for dinner with a bunch of friends. There were eight of us on a busy Thursday night. We got sat right away with our reservation. The food was a axing as always. I highly recommend the hot fish! And our server (forgive me for not remembering his name) was probably the service I have ever gotten! He was very quick and precise. He took care of us with our drinks and refilled when needed. Bagged our food for us and even kept up on clearing the table with our empty dishes. Again the best service I have got in a very long time! Thank you for a wonderful evening with my friends!
3	Went here with my new family for Chinese New Years.  Sat next to the kids and once they had their rice they seemed happy.  It was late and they were tired.  There were 12 of us including the kids so I think we tried most everything.  Ok not everything but we had fish, shrimp, beef, chicken, fried rice, veggies and of course some yummy drinks.  Dessert was fortune cookies.  Mine said better luck next cookie. LOL!
3	I haven't eaten here in a while but for some reason it sounded good so we dropped in for some grub last night. Wait time was 20-30 minutes and after 45 we finally found ourselves a table. They must have been understaffed, unusual for a restaurant on a Friday night, because there was plenty of tables available  & no one was getting seated. Not really sure why other people were sat before us when they arrived after us but who knows how the greeters really handle things.Since we had plenty of time to study the menu ordering our food was handled promptly. The waitress was wonderful & quick to provide service. It took a while for the food to arrive so we had another bit of a wait. Food wise-it was great, appetizers, egg drop soup & our dishes came out great & we enjoyed the meal.
3	I like to think of Chang's are the Area 51 of Asian dining.Mainly because the executive chef is constantly changing the menu, and whenever this happens, my favorite dishes become conspicuously absent from the menu.Until you ask the server for your menu-absent favorite."Oh we still serve it...its just not on the menu anymore."Why is this, I wonder?Apparently, there was room on the menu for the shellfish disclaimer.And the peanut allergy disclaimer.And the gluten intolerance warning.And how we should notify our server if anyone in our party has a food allergy.Oh, and I almost forgot, the undercooked meats warning....the one about how they may increase my chances of a foodborn illness.I imagine a conversation between Chang's lawyers and the executive chef...it goes like this:Legal team:    "We're afraid we're going to need about six inches on the bottom of the menu       for all the legal disclaimers."Executive chef:      "I suppose I could pare down the menu if need be."Legal team:      "Yeah, well start by losing the spicy eggplant with ground chicken....no one eats        that shit, and get rid of that weird salmon dish too." Chef:         "Why yes, I believe I can get rid of those and a few more while I'm at it."I'm afraid there will be a day when the menu has no  food items on it any longer, supplanted by a dining contract, replete with fine print, indemnification sections, and hold harmless clauses. The world's getting weirder by the moment.In the meantime, if you like eggplant, they make one fine dish that kinda sorta makes up for the legal warnings that managed to oodge out my favorite entree.
5	Went to PF Changs yesterday. Hadn't been there in a couple years. Went for happy hour and got the Pork Dumplings, Calamari, Chicken Flatbread, and Egg Rolls for appetizers. And had Moo Goo Gai Pan. Everything tasted awesome. Not sure why I hadn't eaten there in so long.
5	Look, I know there are things are the menu that are better than others. And at first about 10 years ago when they opened I wasn't that crazy about them. But now, their menu has really improved. The cucumber salad is incredible. The side veggies are fantastic. It always tastes the same. No surprises. That's good.
1	Very sad to see the SEVERE LACK of Customer Service. We had a server who knew NOTHING about the drinks from the bar. WE asked her three times if the had T-Ten Gin. She could not seem to find out. We requested a new server and that was not fun either. Sean the server had a BAD attitude because he took our table over. THIS IS  THE WORST CHANG's  FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. We have gone to PF CHANGS since it began in Scottsdale. WAY TO GO  TO DESTROY BRAND LOYALTY!!!!
4	I had such a lovely evening, with delicious food and great company. It is super cool that they have vegetarian and gluten free options, I am definitely a fan of that.The server was extremely personable & very knowledgeable about the menu. I started off with a Key Lime Pie cocktail,  it was really sweet so I wouldn't do more than one or two but definitely worth a try. For the appetizer I did the Gluten-Free Chicken Lettuce Wraps and for my entree the Gluten-Free Lemon Chicken. Both were very delectable and I would definitely recommend both dishes. Unfortunately I was too full to get dessert this time, however if you go just for dessert only or have room for something sweet I would recommend the Banana Spring Rolls.Side note about this particular location: it is a very busy and the wait times can get a bit ridiculous.  If they accept call ahead seating/reservations I would definitely recommend it, or just go at an odd time of day.
5	Okay this place is perfect. My favorite place. The food is always outstanding and the service is always great. I've never had a rude server. The food is kind of expensive but we go occasionally because the food is just so good. We are going tonight on a double date, they've never gone before so they must try it! My favorite meal is sweet and sour chicken :)
5	Wonderful service.  Wonderful food.  Pf Chang never disappoints.   One of the best Hot n Sour soups ever.  Lettuce wraps are great.  All entres were excellent.  A great experience.  Thanks Stefanie for the nice service.
5	4 of  us went for lunch and it was wonderful.  Stefanie, our server was great.  Loved the Hot & Sour soup, egg rolls & lettuce wraps.  We all had different entrees and we all had smiles on our faces.
2	I visit this location only twice and the reason I give this place 2 stars is because the first time that I've been there was exactly very nice: great food, great service. Just like you would expect in a dissent restaurant. The second time was awful!!!! If it was my only time there I wouldn't even give this restaurant 1 star if I could. The waiter was seems like his having a really bad day or he just didn't like me and my friend for some reason. At first his recommendation for the food was pretty flat and he couldn't explain any dish that had "traditional taste"  in his opinion. Now yes I do get that sweet&sour or orange peel chicken is very popular in Chinese kitchen but it has nothing to do with his attitude that evening. He was rude, uninformative and always speak super fast and ran immediately off the table when he was done talking (and no the place wasn't packed at all). Me and my friend were complaining that the time we were waiting to get our entrees was too long and my friend mention that we are in a hurray. Then first we couldn't find our waiter for a while so we spoke with couple of different  waiters to check for the food. When our waiter came by with his "cheerful" mood he decided that we didn't informative him that we are in a hurry and we are not waiting long enough. By the time It came it was 40 min from the time we order. I think 40 min it's a lot of time to wait for a fish and chicken. Even with the starters the gap between the courses was just too long and if the kitchen is on pressure at least the person that serves the food should be nice!!I told one of the employee about my experience that evening and he said "he will tell the manger". also explained him that I go to restaurants 3 times a week and I've never had such a bad experience in my life. When I finally ended my visit before I got out I asked from the host for a pen so I could sign my visa because the waiter was "too busy" too remember to bring one.  I told her that I hope the other waiters are nicer but she couldn't care less. This is my very first time I didn't tip a waiter, if that's how I felt after this visit I feel that I need to share my experience.  The only thing I can do is saying that the "traditional" sweet & sour chicken was tasty. And I would have come back for some more if I'll get treated better.
4	Amazing lettuce wraps and tiramisu! Much better than the Mesa location.
3	Average Chinese-American restaurant. As far as service goes, I live next door and gotta say this store cannot compare to the one in Vegas. The staffs here are not as friendly and enthused.
3	They need to clean the place up. Front entrance and door filthy. Also the candle holders on the tables saw better days. Food was fine. Too spicy even though they toned it down. PFC on Superstition nicer.
1	So for...15 years I have described PF Changs to people as: "If I had to eat at a restaurant every day for the rest of my life, I'd choose PF Changs." Well...after my last several visits, it is no longer my favorite, and frankly, I don't even care if I ever eat there again.The chicken lettuce wraps have always been a MUST for me...but the last several times I got them, they were a smaller portion and different somehow. I don't know if there is a change to the recipe or they messed them up every time....all I know is I didn't feel impressed with them like I used to. Many times in the past I would eat lettuce wraps as my meal because I liked them so much...last couple times I didn't even eat 2 wraps. :(The shrimp with lobster sauce has always been my favorite. Sure, it looks like snot with shrimp and egg in it, but the flavor was always sooooooo good. Last time I went there were TONS of peas in it (there used to be just a few...enough to give it a hint of flavor and color), huge slices of mushroom that overwhelmed the flavor of the entire dish (there used to be little cubes that just gave it a teeny perfect touch of flavor), and when I asked about the recipe change the waiter said it has always been the same. Uhhhh....NO. No it has not, sir! I don't know how long you have been working at PF Changs but I have been eating the SAME DISH probably 80% of the times I have visited since 1999 when I moved here and discovered PF Changs. I can tell you that it is very very different and has changed within the last...6 months maybe. It's most certainly a change and not a good one. I didn't like it at all. To make matters worse, I ordered it on my birthday last month and didn't even eat more than a couple bites because I was so disappointed with the flavor. No use taking leftovers home when you have no interest in eating them either. It sucked.The beautiful Asian decor has always been appealing to me...one of my favorite parts of eating there. I used to imagine how awesome it would be to have similar decoration in my own home. But...they've recently begun remodeling to some kind of snooty contemporary crap. I don't like it at all. Feels very cold and Scottsdale-ish.On top of all this, there was the credit card debacle. I had to get a new card because of it. I know it's not their fault and they did everything they had to once they found out in order to prevent it from happening again. However, it was just another negative in about a 6 month line of bad PF Changs visits that put a bad taste in my mouth; literally and figuratively.I don't know if PF Changs business was down or if customers expressed some desire for all these changes, but whatever the reason, they have lost me as a customer. I'm sad about this. It was my absolute fave for 15 years.
5	MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT !  I have NEVER had a bad meal here and would HIGHLY recommend ! Changs is a weekly meal for our family! Bar none, best bang for your buck! LOVE LOVE LOVE !!
5	Four stars because the food and atmosphere was everything a Changs is suppose to be and it gets an extra star because our server Krystal was excellent and super attentive even though she was super busy. Great experience.
1	If there was an option for zero stars I would absolutely use it. My friend had two gift cards that she received a couple years ago and called to make sure that they were still valid. She was told that they never expire by a staff member and then was put on hold while the staff member got the manager on the phone. The manager said that the number on the gift cards would show if they were valid or not and if she brought them in the store he would look them up. She then told him that she had the gift cards and could give him the numbers over the phone. He then said that he did not have time to look the gift card numbers up. My friend, frustrated and astonished that a manager would treat her so horribly called back and asked for the corporate or district manager's phone number, which the manager Mike refused to provide. I still can't wrap my head around how the manager Mike treated a potential guest. Due to this I will never dine at any PF Changs again.
4	Went in for a special night and just got appetizers.  Got 2 of the calamari and 2 of the lettuce wraps.  Wow, those 2 things are amazing.  I have eaten here before and they are consistent.  Of course I will go back!
5	Best service I have had in years. Took a party of 7 there. Never an empty glass. Seated promptly. Food was good. Will definitely go again.  Tip well because they deserve it with their service. Skip the dump tepenyaki place down the road and get a real meal.
3	I really think this has the best ramen I have ever had. Service is surprisingly great, considering how packed it is every time I am here. Whenever someone come in town, I always suggest this place
1	What a lousy experience!!! My family and I get there at 12 noon on a Saturday and the place is almost empty. There's no one at the front desk to greet and seat us. Theres a line of people waiting and no one to help anyone. Eight minutes goes by before a girl finally emerges from the back . She says no word of greeting to anyone. We finally sit and a waiter named Dylan comes to our table and says he'll be back "in a minute" to take our order. Fifteen minutes go by and he never returns to our table. I flag down the manager and he acts annoyed and asks me what I want. I tell him I'd like to order, and to take my families order first  and he starts laughing at me in a mocking tone and with a sarcastic inflection in his voice and says "I thought you were ready to order"!. I inform him I'm deferring to my family first to be polite and expect him to be respectful. Needless to say at this point my meal was ruined. The manager is a man in his mid forties dressed like a slob and very disrespectful. He also doesn't manage his staff, as reflected by the disappearing acts the hostess and waiter pulled in a nearly empty restaurant hanging out in the back instead of attending to their customers. and with the disrespectful attitude that manager imposed on me.They have the gall to call this a top level restaurant. You'd receive better service at a Dennys.
4	Crowded every time I've gone, but it's worth the wait. The first major down side is parking is limited. If you go on the weekend, be prepared to walk. You will likely wait quite a while for a table too. The pepper steak is wonderful, but it is SPICY! I had to ask for a mild version. Figured that out the hard way.... And it is spicier the second day! I ended up with a blister on my tongue because of the spice. Mild version = awesome!
1	Every single time I set foot in this place I leave FURIOUS! The service is horrendous. The food is fine, nothing special. I got a gift card like two years ago and went in for dinner with my husband. I was disgusted by the wait, so I ordered take out instead. After waiting forever I got home and my order was wrong. I complained and was given another gift card. This time I ordered ahead and still waited 30 minutes (15 to be acknowledged, 15 for my food), but this time my order was correct at least. Then tonight I submitted my order online and then waited 15 minutes to be acknowledged and they told me they never received my order! No apology, no offer to put in an order, just " nope, it's not here". So I went to chipotle... Guess what, I got immediate friendly service. I'll never set foot in this restaurant again... I still have half a gift card left from 2 years ago, maybe I'll give it away or try another location. Total disaster.
3	Had the 4 course prix fixe menu for two.Had the hot and sour soup.  Ok.  Not great, but ok.Had the chicken lettuce wraps.  Actually pretty good.Had the beef and broccoli and kung pao chicken.  Beef and brccoli was ok but a tad sweet.  Chicken was pretty good.  Oddly the rice was perhaps the worst rice I've had in a "Chinese" restaurant in recent memory (I classify PF Changs as a Chinese restaurant in the loosest sense of the word (I guess this also assumes that there are actually any Chinese restaurants in Az)).  I can best describe it as being much like minute rice.Had the tiramisu for desert.  Very very small serving...especially for two people.
5	One of the best dining experiences that I've had in the area. The servers are incredibly pleasant and welcoming. The food is delicious! And when they accidentally threw away my leftovers, they offered to make me another dish to take home! Wonderful wonderful people.
3	Just a 3 star review this time due to the unhappy service we received from the hostess and waitress Alicia. And then we had to send one of appetizers back. The manager was nice at least and our lunches were tasty.
