4	If you're young, single, and want the downtown experience, this place is great! Yes, it's pricy, but for more money elsewhere, you wouldn't be across from Chase Field.There's garaged parking, guest gated parking (limited, but still better than nothing), and on staff security. Elevators too of course.The condos themselves are very urban, and functional. A 1 bedroom I've seen has 1.5 baths, and a den in addition to the standard living room. The balcony view is amazing. However, everything comes at a price. Seems some of the owners are very rude to their lessees. 5 stars for the building concept and location, 2-3 stars for the whole experience.
3	Admittedly, I do not live here but my boyfriend leased for one year and we split our time between his place and mine. While the building is nice and you are super close to Chase Field, that can present it's own set of challenges. Any time there is a function on that side of town, the Diamondback's games are the worst, they always close down the surrounding streets and it can be very long lines to get back to the building if you've been out somewhere else. On one recent occasion, it took us 15 minutes of driving around to finally get to a street that wasn't closed that would allow the Summit traffic through. In addition, the traffic cops are usually never pleasant. They are unfriendly, rude and almost always assume you are going the wrong direction when you go around the 'Local only' sign. Its nice being able to walk to a game but for me, you would have to go to almost every game to make up for the annoyance of living so close. The building did seem well constructed and we never really heard noise between the floors. We did hear our neighbors arguments but that was because they SCREAMED at each other, A LOT. Other than that, inside sounds were probably some of the quietest I've experienced in any rental. There was the train tracks on the south side of the building but we faced NE and barely heard them. It did help that we slept with a white noise machine. Trash receptacles were on each floor so that was nice that you never had to carry trash outside.Other building features. The 3 elevators always worked and you never had to wait too long for the elevator. The gym was small but hardly ever anyone in it with free weights, 2 ellipticals and 3 treadmills. They did keep it at a balmy 77 degrees for awhile and you could nearly die from overheating if you broke a sweat during your workout. I did request once that it be turned down once but to my knowledge, that never happened. The two gas grills on the 5th floor where pretty much useless. They were a pain to lite and seemed to never get hot enough and food took forever to cook.The infiniti pool is on the 5th floor so not high and the surrounding scenery...is well...of the train yards and the back of Chase Field. Additionally, any sun is blocked by 2pm so you can forget about laying out in the afternoon. I only got in the pool once but with all the pigeons attempting to take baths at the edge, I don't think I missed much. We did venture to the TINY hot tub a few times but many times it was broken and even once got mgmt notice that while it was being fixed, they asked that the residents please not urinate in the water because when it was tested, as it had unusually high amount of urine. EWWWWWWW.Parking. As I said before, I didn't live here and didn't have an assigned space so that may have made my experience much more annoying than the normal person who lives here. There is metered street parking but MANY times these are unavailable due to some event at Chase or the United Center. If you did have an assigned space to your unit, it has one of those car lifts so you can park two cars in one space. Having never used one before, it was a bit intimidating at first but you get used to parking so you could make it out of your car without dinging your door since they are pretty narrow. We never encountered anyone parking in our space but given the staff, that would have NEVER happen....Now for the staff. There are lots of rules regarding parking but due to the limited guest parking, you must sign in every time a guest visits, which requires a trip to the front desk and interaction with the staff. There is one really friendly guy, Tony, that always smiles and is pleasant to be around. The other staff always seemed a little standoffish to me but maybe that was because I was just seen as a visitor? There was one person in particular though that made every interaction uncomfortable and I found rude 90% of the time. I could give several examples but I don't have enough characters in this review to even begin. I did what I could to limit my interactions with him but he definitely made living here, even part time, more unpleasant than it should have been. Overall its not a terrible place but for the money, I'd definitely want to look at other options before renting/buying here.
4	I live here with my boyfriend and our good friend in a 2 master suite style unit on the 22nd floor. We all LOVE living at the Summit! Awesome amenities offered:-Gym (includes 3 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, low rise bike, free weights ranging from 2 lbs to 85 lbs, leg press/curl machine, flies/lat pull down machine, bicep curl machine, multi-use machine with two cables and pull up bar)-Separate men and women's bathroom facilities with saunas (HUGE FAN OF THIS PERK!)-Infinity pool on 5th floor-Rooftop clubhouse with awesome views, grilling, seating, etc. -Covered parking garagePerks of location:-Everything downtown is walking distance or a short pedi-cab away. -Right next door to Chase Field and US Airways Center-Centrally located to all other parts of Phoenix and the surrounding areasUnit details (based off of our unit, I haven't seen any other units but I assume they are all similar):-laminate wood floors-stainless steel appliances-granite counter tops in kitchen and bathrooms-multi master style suite bedroom units ( we have a two bedroom master style suite in addition to a guest half bath.-in unit laundry-industrial style details-private balconies on all units-Private/secure access (all entry ways require fob keyOther things to note...Make friends with the staff. Be nice and they will reciprocate! Tony and Moneer are whom I have had the most contact with and they both are very hard working and helpful!It does get a little annoying to come and go when you live here during baseball season. But that's part of what you are signing up for when you live literally next door to Chase Field. With a little trial and error you will learn the best routes to take depending on whether it's pre or post game time. Be polite to the police officers directing traffic and they will 9/10 times let you sneak through road closures if you let them know you are a Summit Resident. Most the time they have signs up that indicate Summit traffic only. There is a railway just south of the building and the train can be probably the only real con I would list of the Summit. If you are a light sleeper you may get woken up by the train more often than ideal... I recommend looking into this before moving in. Or simply invest into ear plugs and use a vibrating alarm clock to solve this problem? My other roommate whom has been woken up by this more times than I still doesn't find it a big enough deal to not enjoy living here.Overall, can't beat the location, amenities and interior quality of the Summit! It's definitely one of the best picks for downtown living. Hope this helps for potential residents =)
