5	I'm not an epicurean. I'm an old fart and a fussy eater. But I'm not so far gone that I don't recognize quality when I see it.Ilios Noche has it. There hasn't been a decent place to eat in my Quail Corners neighborhood since I moved here 14 years ago. Mama Riccota's, a Chinese Place, Wolfman Pizza . . . all gone (Wolfman moved and downsized from a sports bar to a Little League Pizza place.)They starved to death. Based on that history, I figured we could perambulate over to the new Ilios Noche on a Friday before sundown without reservations and have our choice of seating. That was not in the cards. The place was packed and the only seating was on stools at a lunch counter against the wall.Hardly enough room for a sandwich. Not nearly enough for a full meal.Up steps Alex Mourias, the general manager. Our genial host takes my wife by the arm and steers us to the bar, scooting several patrons down a bit to make room. The leftmost seats at the bar are by the wait station where drinks are ordered and received. If our bartender is not in charge, she should be. She worked that bar with non-stop energy and diligence the entire time we were there. It was a pleasure to watch her multitask; mixing, taking orders, instructing, and having a running conversation with us and everyone else. Not the least of her skills was mixing my wife a flawless Martini (which should have printed instructions in several languages -- It's seldom correct.) I'll see if I can find her name and append it here later. She is deserving of our praise.The rest of the wait staff were all friendly and eager to help. At least a good half dozen people cheerfully helped us -- without us needing to flag someone down! (Granted we were sitting in the center of activity, but still!)The Food. My wife reports that the shrimp and sauteed mushrooms were absolutely scrumptious. My own dinner was the spaghetti and meatballs. Three generous meatballs were flavorful and good. the spaghetti with a marinera sauce was perfectly seasoned.I wish I could eat more, so I could give a report on more items, but I'm picky, remember? Subsequent visits will provide me more to write about. There are several lamb dishes on the menu I'm eager to try.We've found a place just blocks from home! We're going to be regulars.
5	Amazing and I'm a snob about where I eat. The food makes me speechless!  It is fine dining without being overdone or too much. The staff is friendly, funny and knowledgable.The decor is beautiful and sweeps me away to another place when I'm there.
5	What can I say...other than you need to go there!  This restaurant is top notch, from the service to the food to the drinks..the atmosphere is fantastic, live music, excellent decor, outside lounge area...I have eaten at some of the best restaurants in the world..(still can't get in to Rao's in NY..haha) and this place is among my best choices, especially here in Charlotte..the attention to detail is of the highest quality...the owner Stratos, and his team Alex and Bruno will make u feel welcome the second you come thru the door...the bar staff are superb, and will go out of their way to accommodate any drink request you might have..  The food is of the highest quality, always fresh, and excellent presentation. If you have a special request off the menu they will do everything possible to accommodate..I know because they have done it for me..overall, this is an excellent place to be wether for lunch, after work drinks, or dinner and cocktails. As a neighbor, I am very happy to welcome Ilio's...Aloha
5	I had a craving for Mediterranean food and i heard they had OMB Dunkel on draft so I headed over for dinner.  I got some fried cheese appetizer.  I was offered pita bread with it, but ate it alone.  It was great.  They pan fry it so it's nice and crispy but not too greasy.Then I had the lamb burger with the chick pea salad.   I debated what temperature to get the burger.  I'm a medium rare steak but medium well burger kind of person so i went with medium for this.  The lamb was juicy and not gamey like lamb can sometimes be.  The chick pea salad was a great complement and wasn't too salty or oily like those salads can be with prepared dressings.  Service was great, but i was there off peak.
2	This place didn't live up to the rave reviews. Went there this weekend for a quick pizza. First off I'd like to say that the staff was very attentive and the owner himself came over to say hello. It turns out that his family goes to the same church we do. The server was very attentive and asked how our meal was and also refilled our soft drinks so the service was not the issue, the food just didn't live up to the expectations we had due to the rave reviews our friends had for the place. It was very disappointing. The pizza had no taste and the crust was burnt on the bottom and it didn't taste like it had baked all the way through. We will try again because maybe the chef had a bad night. This was not a good impression at all.
5	I'm a sushi guy, however, when I'm not eating sushi there are two restaurants that I think have the best food pound for pound in Charlotte. One is Roosters and the other is this place. Exceptional service and amazing food. They are people that care and you can tell that once you dive into your food. I highly suggest trying this place! We need more quality places like this in Charlotte!
5	Ilios Noche was a fantastic experience. Booked reservations based on all the positive reviews, and we were not disappointed. We ordered the spread sampler to start off which was delicious. Three separate times we were asked by three different individuals if we wanted more pitas, which was very nice. I ordered the chicken lemonada (sp) and it was fantastic. Like nothing I have ever tasted before! Definitely would recommend. Hubby got the pork rib which was so tender it fell off the bone. The flavor was great a well. Great decorated venue and attentive staff makes this the place to go to in Charlotte. Looking forward to when it gets warm again to use their outdoor patio which looks romantic and comfy. Bottom line, this city is in desperate need of more places like this.
4	Very pleased to report that this location of the Providence Road Greek place is very, very good.  The location in the new Quail Corners is beautiful - I'm sure they spent a ton of money to build it out.  It's big, bright, very nice.  The menu is the same as the other location, great stuff and the service is EXCELLENT.  I had the country salad and lamb ribs - exceptional!  Congratulations to IN - happy to have it in the neighborhood.
4	Went here with my parents while in town for the holidays - I ordered the Greek Farm salad with grilled shrimp, my mom ordered the Ilios salad with lamb skewer and my dad ordered the meatball appetizer as an entree.  It was very tasty and the service was really good!  Only complaint is that to add shrimp to my salad cost $6.50, and I got four, medium-sized shrimp.  SUPER tasty - but seemed a bit expensive.  Definitely recommend checking out Ilios Noche.
4	Solid.Mediterranean influence. Great wine list. Great staff. Nice space.We sat at the bar and worked our way through the menu - the bartender did not steer us wrong. Lamb dishes seem to be their strong point.
4	I ate here for the first time last week and loved it. Fantastic apps and I had the ribs which were completely unique Mediterranean style. Fall off the bone goodness.  The salmon for dinner was spectacular. Great atmosphere, nice bar, good service. Not cheap but well worth the price. I will be back
4	Excellent!  Second time here as good as the first. This time meatball apps(amazing moist and tasty) and the killer cheese. Wow. Dinner was the crazy lasagna and that was awesome as well. Great service and great atmosphere
2	I don't get the great reviews at this place.  Shelby was great in the bar while we waited for our table, but our waitress could give no recommendations on what to have  (as this was our first time). The food we did order was no better than we could make at home.  Goat cheese app was mostly sauce with a small ball of goat cheese.  My lamb chops were fine,   But for 26 dollars I certainly expected more flavor and portion. Greek potatoes were some fried chips with Greek seasoning on top.  Again, nothing wrong with them but unremarkable.  My wife thought her moussaka was similar - good but not any better than she could make out of a cookbook at home.  Over all it's ok.  Nice ambiance,   But I cant see picking this over the myriad of other places to eat in the area.
5	I thought I would give this place a try. I must say I was very impressed. My server was very pleasant and attentive. I tried the house seasonal salad which was delicious! I'm glad I was able to consume my appetizer before my shrimp pasta entree came to the table nice and hot! To finish it all off, a decadent flour-less chocolate torte with a sweet and creamy marshmallow ice-cream. This item wasn't even listed on the dessert menu but my server Noel recommended it. She is Awesome by the way. ;) I know I will be back soon. Happy Hour 4-6 Mon-Fri.
1	Went here on a date night, made reservations for 9pm after another event.  Event cancelled, so we decided to try and hit the restaurant early.  They told us it would be 30-45 minutes.  We grabbed a drink at the bar, and our 30-45 minutes turned into one hour and 10 minutes later, and them continuing to assist folks who we could overhear did not have a reservations and were just "regulars".  They allowed us to continue to sit here and wait walking past us over and over without even acknowledging us or even updating us as to an estimated seat time.I get it, we showed up on a busy Saturday without a reservation, but seriously people, handle it with class and you will have a never ending stream of regulars.  Your hostess staff are doing your restaurant an incredible disservice.  We aren't in New York City guys.We have been here before, food is excellent, solid spot for Charlotte, but service is just not there.
3	Tried this place for the first time on a Tuesday night.  Arrived about 6:30 pm, wasn't busy at all, but they tried seating us at tiny table.  We asked for a larger table.  When our server came to our table, he made a comment about this being the most asked for booth...which we ignored.  Bottom line...the food was great, but our service was terrible.  We were completely ignored after our food was ordered.  I think they cater to the regulars, although having only been open such a short period, how do they know who "the regulars" are???  We will probably try again because the food was good, and hope for better service.
5	Never disappoints! Their spinach pie appetizer works as a great meal. I definitely recommend this for a date night or just out with friends.
4	Back again last night for takeout and the food was superb as usual, complete takeout service, on time and great.
4	The fella and I grabbed drinks with friends on a Wednesday night, and then had dinner on our own. I was a little intrigued to see if the staff treated us weirdly since we weren't regulars, but all was well!The place was hopping with live music happening in the bar, and we bellied right up. The bartender was pleasant and fast, and my most favorite part was that they had hooks under the bar for purses!The fella and I moseyed over to the restaurant side for dinner, and our waiter was so sweet! We ordered hummus to start out with ($3.50), and it came with pita points that looked maybe like they were pumpernickel? Pretty tasty. For dinner, the fella got the lamb burger ($13.50), and I got the grapes and fennel salad with grilled chicken ($12.50). The fella said the lamb burger was even better than The Liberty's, which is high praise indeed. I can attest to the Greek fries being awesome - they were more like thick slices of potatoes with olive oil and feta cheese. YUM. The salad was delicious, too.Overall, a solid addition to Quail Corners and a seriously under served part of south Charlotte!
4	Don't judge a book by its cover.  This place tucked away in a little shopping center next to all of your average stores - Harris Teeter, Rite Aid, TCBY, etc.  Step foot inside, and wow.  The bar curves around and looks really inviting.  It is very cozy inside with wood panel walls, cushiony  booths and dim lighting.  There was even live music on the Monday night we went.  A tad too loud, but still a nice touch.   Service was great.  Lots of delicious appetizers and small plates to share.  Don't miss the Burrata Mozzarella with shaved prosciutto.  YUM!
4	Met a colleague for dinner their last night because it was perfectly located between Ballantyne and Southpark.  We bellied up to the bar, and they had my favorite Pinot Noir (MacMurry.)  We decided to graze on appetizers/starters and we had the taste of all 4 dips and were persuaded to try the octopus......BEST I have ever had, WITH picked onions.  It is a must visit and great atmosphere for hanging out in the bar with colleagures and/or friends.
5	Best cultural food I have found in Charlotte.  Whether you want a casual lunch or formal dinner or something in between. This spot is sure to please. Great wood oven pizza. Incredible pastas. Salads worthy of praise. So far the Greek Ribs and crazy lasagna are my favorites, I'm addicted.
5	Service was outstanding.  Food was tasty.  Best lamb burger I've had in a while.  I will be back next time in Charlotte.  Exceptionally nice touches in service - they gave us free dips and divided up our salad. Service was very prompt and friendly.  Impressive menu.
4	Let me first say that it is so nice to see new diversity in dining at Quail Corners.. I've lived in the area on and off for over 22 years and to see the place get a face lift after that long, and new shops is a very welcome change.After an afternoon shopping with my mother, we decided to eat here for a rather late dinner, around 9:00. Knowing that many dining establishments in the area close around that time, our hopes were feeble in finding a good meal at this hour. Fortunately, Ilios Noche doesn't close until 10:30 on Saturdays, and we were welcomed by the hosts with a smile. We were seated rather quickly, after a ten minute wait. Our server was immediately attentive, but left us feeling a little rushed to decide what we wanted to eat. Having never been here before, I asked her for a few recommendations and a few more minutes to decide.While reading the rest of the menu options, we ordered a round of local beers (they offer several) and  the taste of four spreads to start our meal. They included a roasted eggplant spread (similar to babaganoush), hummus, red pepper spread, and tzatziki, served with warm pita bread. We all decided that the eggplant and tzatziki were our favorites. For main course, I ordered the chicken limonata- a half roasted chicken, baby potatoes, artichoke hearts served in pan jus. My mother ordered a pasta dish with chicken and spinach in a tomato cream sauce, and my father the crazy lasagna. I was hoping my chicken limonata would have been closer to a Grecian-style lemon chicken , but I think serving it in pan jus was Ilios' spin on that traditional flavor. Potatoes and artichokes were tender, and complimented the chicken well. Mom's pasta was tasty, but I think dad's crazy lasagna wins. The best part of their dishes were the portion size- they ordered the half size, and still had plenty to take home for lunch the next day.We debated deserts after seeing what the table next to ours had ordered- some sort of chocolate torte, but decided that would be saved for another time. The baklava and pistachio ice cream just beckons my taste buds. All of their deserts are made in house by their pastry chef (who is of Mediterranean descent). Authentic, to say the least, and I'm sure they are all delicious. I'll be back for sure.
4	Pros:Great Patio dinning for this time of yearGreat ServiceDessert was good had the trio platterHalf Price wine night on Tuesdays and good wine selection at decent pricesMiddle Ground:Mezze Dip platteraah  it was OK. Nothing to write home about. Have had better dips before. The tzatziki was nice though. Eggplant dip was not what I was used to having visited Greece and TurkeyNot so Good:The flounder. It was SUPER dry. Like fried beyond all recognition. The sauces were nice that came with it but there wasn't enough. Both me and my friend had the same platter and both used our mezz dips to drown the fish in. Neither one of us finished the fish. Could have used more artichokes in the potato, salad artichoke thing which was mostly just potatoes and nothing spectacular about that either. Other issue I had was that our entrees came out to soon we had barely recieved our dips when the entree came out.Overall would recommend the place just not the flounder.
4	Had a lovely lunch today at Ilion today. Unfortunately they were out of lamb, but the salad and pizza were perfectly prepared. Service was excellent also. I'll be back.
5	Always a wonderful meal.  Perfect bistro atmosphere, excellent service and delicious dishes prepared with only the freshest ingredients.  A very friendly atmosphere is created by the wait staff and management alike; they make you feel special.  This is our neighborhood and we're delighted to have Ilios Noche so close.  We will be back often.
4	A little hidden gem!The food is delicious, the staff is accommodating & welcoming, the atmosphere is very relaxing & modern! A great place for a quick tasty lunch or a long, romantic dinner!
3	After hearing much about this restaurant, I tried it on a lazy Sunday afternoon.  It was good but not great.  I ordered the scallops and a side of white beans.  The scallops were okay, but nothing special...your basic pan sear.  In my opinion, they werent very flavorful.  The white beans were an awesome side.  Very flavorful, they made up for the blandness of the scallops.Ambience - 5/5 very nice setting, beautiful stained wood furniture in a low light setting, with tons of spaceService - 4/5, extremely nice staff and fast serviceFood - 3/5, i wasnt impressed and dont feel an urgent need to return anytime soonPrice - $$, typical middle of the road dining experience
4	What a pleasant little gem inside a strip mall in Charlotte North Carolina.  The outside one would be hard-pressed to perceive the hip, spacious, and dining environment that exists behind the walls of this building.We came in for a late lunch weekday and the restaurant was wide open with no wait. Were quickly seated and have a cocktail and appetizer orders taken almost immediately. For an appetizer we enjoyed the mediterranean spread sampler. This item featured tzatziki, baba ganoush, roasted red pepper, and hummus dips. The flavors present in these dips were authentic, fresh, and very satisfying. The dips were accompanied by warm pita slices that provided a perfect accompaniment. For meals we enjoyed the combination of two different Mediterranean salads and a pita wrap. All of the food was fresh, promptly served, and everyone was pleased with the outcome. Additionally we were all surprised by the quality of the Greek potatoes that accompanied the pita sandwich. Overall, we had a great experience. The service was attentive. The restaurant was clean and have an upscale vibe without being pretentious. We would definitely go back in the future when we are in town.
5	Absolutely a shockingly GREAT meal! I knew it would be good, but not THIS good! Hey we were both amazingly happy!First off the staff is very professional.....very young but very professional. They did make a few execution errors (like couldn't fine the right table throughout the night) but hey, that didn't detract one bit from the awsome meal we had.First off we started with their Burrata mozzarella...which, for those of you unfamiliar with this unctuous dish, is a mozzarella cheese stuffed with cream and milk. It's outrageously delicious! They served this app with fresh heirloom tomatoes and a balsamic glaze. Oh so yummy!Then my date got the Veal Chop and I got the Scallop special. OMG were both awesome! She got the Veal Chop done Med Rare and the outside was perfectly seared while the inside velvety soft. This was served over a bed of sauteed mushrooms which my date didn't care for (it's a female-texture thing....) but I gladly wolfed down!I got the Scallop special, servered over an eggplant puree. The scallops were perfectly done, and seasoned to perfection. We both agreed that this dish was one of the best each of us has had in months!Then for the finale.....we got their signature BITTERSWEET CHOCOLATE and PISTACHIO TORTA, topped with passion fruit sorbet, made by their Pastry Chef, Frank Kaltsounis. Let me tell you....I'm somewhat of a dessert snob/harsh critic but I couldn't find one flaw in this dessert! It was PERFECTION! They somehow got 2 layers of chocolate moose over a pistachio crust, and topped it with a Mango puree! It should not work but it was AMAZING! Anyone reading this review needs to go there and try it and let me know what you think! It was I believe the best dessert I've had in my 3.5 years in Charlotte, and I've had a LOT of desserts!We ordered WAYYYYY to much wine which drove the bill much higher than I would have liked. BUT, they DO have a fabulous wine list.....just don't order the 8 glasses like we did and you're bill will be reasonable. But that was our fault....a "fault" I could live with. Our waitress Alyssa was a doll, and superbly nice. The Manager came by and chatted with us, making sure we were happy and also was very professional and cordial.Overall, this was an extraordinary meal! It's right up there with Good Food, Carpe Diem and Soul. This is a MUST TRY restaurant! Way to go Ilios Noche Quail Co!
5	First time, party of 4 for dinner. Spinach pie and mozzerella / tomato appetizers, dinners of lemonata chicken, lamb, pork ribs, and lasagna, all extremely well executed. We will be back and often, among the best restaurants in town. Very attentive service, live music. We recommend it highly.
5	We went here for my best friends birthday- party of 14.  We were seated at a table that was near the open kitchen.  Lots of room and great ambiance.  Our server was amazing.  He stayed on top of drinks orders and explained the menu in full detail while answering any questions we had.  I ordered the vegetable plate- you can pick three sides.  I chose Risotto(cooked to perfection), red quinoa salad with sliced almond(incredible) and chick pea fries that were very light and tasty.  Awesome time!  Awesome place!Great for large parties or an intimate date.
5	The ribs appetizer is delicious !!!! Also for dinner the salmon is prob the best dish I have had there and I have tried most of them, which are all amazing, but salmon entree is THE best !
5	My unrefined palate could be mistaken, but I think Ilios Noche is terrific and deserves all the great reviews you see on Yelp. They are masters of perfect seasoning. Not only some of the best food in Charlotte, our server was extremely helpful and attentive.
4	Great Place, cool environment, solid food.  One thing.............Who serves Wheat Pita bread with tzatziki sauce!!!!!  Numerous customers have requested at least the option of regular pita bread.  Seems like a quick fix to me, can't figure out why management won't offer what 99% of the other Mediterranean restaurants do.
4	Great food, great service!!Went Saturday night with another couple, the food was great. They had a JamesBeard chef visiting and the only special was his Baklava (yum)Wife got the lamb chops based on the waiter saying they had mint jelly to go with it.  Chops arrived, no mint jelly, they searched and searched, they were out.  Five minutes later they show up with mint jelly, manager had sent someone over to HT next door to buy some for her.  Great Service!!The only reason not a fifth star is that it was my first time there, need to see consistency to earn that.  We will be back.
3	We have visited Ilios Noche on Providence Road several times before so this was our first foray to the one in Quail.  Ambiance is nicer, the waitstaff was prompt and friendly, and the food was okay.  We ordered the eggplant and zucchini chips to begin.  As in the other restaurant they are way too salty.  Just completely ruins them.  We had them re-made with no salt and they were much improved (the batter probably has some salt).  My husband and me both ordered the salmon which comes with big beans underneath.  It tasted a little fishy like it was not quite fresh, and it was a little too salty, but we ate it anyway.  The beans were way too salty for me so I just ate a few. The number one biggest improvement this restaurant could make is to cut the salt; the food would be much tastier, not to mention healthier.  Big View Diner has the same problem.  PLEASE CUT THE SALT but not the flavor.  By the way my husband's rating is 2.  1 for the ambiance and 1 for the waiter.  My husband will not return but if I go again with friends I will make sure to tell them to omit the salt then add my own if there is any need.
5	Yummy times ten. Great meal, great service!I booked on Open Table and arrived to find that the place was barely a quarter filled. Nice. We were immediately seated at a table towards the back, near the very filled wine racks. Sadly, my wife and I aren't wine drinkers but if you are then you'll be pleased. I chose a Catawba draft instead.The taste of four starter is the way to begin here. Scoops of hummus, tzatziki sauce, red pepper and eggplant with a nice serving of slices whole wheat pitas. Probably too much for two to start with because there was a lot there and we were "uh, what?" when our main courses arrived.My wife chose the lobster ravioli. A very large portion with plenty to bring home, especially after we filled up on the starter. Tasty, creamy, seafoody (is "seafoody" a word?) and easy to eat. Delish.I had the quarter chicken which was served with potatoes and other veggies. A very big portion, there was a lot of flavor and texture in here, with the perfectly al dente potatoes.Dessert? Well, I guess we can try. We split a piece of baclava which came topped with some sort of (lightly peach-flavored) ice cream/yogurt. Delish.STUFFED with a delicious meal. We'll be back.
3	After my first visit here I was a fan and couldn't wait to go back. But the second visit killed the hype and I'm not sure I will be going back. They were out of too many things for an 8pm dinner on a Friday; from fresh bread to wine glasses and a bunch of specials and sides! The servers seemed frazzled and tired, and it wasn't until we made a comment about the poor service did we even get napkins on our table... Sigh! The ambiance was still wonderful - 5 stars for that, the food was mediocre at best - our bread was stale, the eggplant and zucchini chips were okay, the funghi pizza was a little dry and our corvina unfortunately smelled quite fishy. The service was not so great - perhaps just growing pains from the new found popularity? We did get good wine recommendations from the bar manager, so plus points for that. On a less busy day I'm certain the experience would you much better.
5	Outstanding meal and even better service. The bistro steak was awesome and my wife loved the yellowfin tuna - and the best part was our server Anthony recommended a great bottle of wine that made the meal the best we've had in south charlotte - ballantyne in a long time. This place is our new favorite.
5	Great food! Nice servers and quick service. Their octopus app. dish is delicious. Their cocktails I'm not too crazy about but the have a full bar. Elegant for a date as well as great for a dinner with girl friends or a business meeting even. Great lunch and dinner spot. Would recommend this place!
5	I found my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. No food is simple here. Service is amazing. Atmosphere is mountain lodge meets woodsy Swedish lodge. Food is beyond words good. Prices are half what I'd expect for the quality and once inside, you forget it isn't a standalone establishment.Wow
5	Great food, even better service. My wife and I will definitely return.
4	Tucked away in a little shopping Hamlet in Quail Hollow, lies Ilios Noche.  Mediterranean flavor with a Phoenician cuisine.The service was great.  The food was great.  The decor was great.  The location?The food here is quite good...and I'd love to frequent this location if there was a patio or some other type of outdoor seating that didn't look in to a parking lot.  This is really my only criticism.I'll be back.
5	Ilios Noche waited long enough for me to visit after trying to make time to get here for 5 years! The Lamb Pie was so good I'll definitely be going back for more and of course to try other popular items.  So glad my friend recommended it! The arugula on top is the perfect accent to this hearty, but amazing dish!Service was excellent!!
5	Great menu, well prepared and excellent service. A foodie joint.
5	Great food and great service. We had the lamb and pizza, and they both were amazing. Waiter was helpful and very knowledgeable about the menu.
5	Ilios Noche has quickly become our favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  You wont find better service or more delicious food anywhere. Anthony continues to impress with his wine recommendations.  This place is fantastic.
5	I think the food quality has been covered through most of the other reviews, but I'd like to pitch in as well.APPS: Saganaki is fantastic. Between two people it's a good amount of food when paired with the pita bread.ENTREES: Lamb Burger is fantastic. I've gotten it twice and it's been perfect both times. Recommend the greek potatoes as the side. Also the Lasagna is impressive and has great flavor. The portion is enough to definitely take some home.SERVICE: Great service. This is really where they did a great job. We went on a Wednesday night for an anniversary dinner but I wasn't sure what time we'd go so I didn't make a reservation. Well the restaurant was packed and we had the option of taking a table outside. It was a little chilly but they turned on the heater for us, however it just didn't have the same feel / ambiance as it does inside. So we said we weren't sure if we were going to be able to stay (40 min wait) since we couldn't be inside. Manager was the one that came to check on us and he immediately found us a table and set us up for dinner. Don't know where the table came from but I'm not complaining because they really saw to make sure we had a good dining experience. We'll be back many times in the future.
5	A cut above all other greek restaurants quality personified we chose to sit at the bar taste some wines eat at the bar our wait person clair was excellent answered our many questions made wonderful recommendations for food and wine we ordered a large greek salad split it and split the greek ribs entree both were better than all greek food we've eaten in usa and as good as food we've had in greece def recommend this restaurant cant wait to go there again
5	In every possible way, Ilios Noche was fantastic - I don't use this word often, but it's the first word that comes to mind when I think back to my experience here. Everything that makes up what a restaurant is - the food, service, ambiance - was top-notch. FOOD: I started with the Country Greek salad and my husband had the Mesclun salad. I didn't think it was possible to have salad THIS good. The Mesclun salad, especially, was a beautiful explosion of harmonious flavors. Yes, from a salad! For my entree, I had the Crazy Lasagna. Delicious, and never had anything like it before.SERVICE: The sommelier was our server. I unfortunately do not recall his name, but he was wonderful. Very attentive. When we asked for suggestions on wines to pair with our dessert, he brought out 3 glasses, thoroughly described each of them, and left them for us to enjoy. While having dessert, the general manager came by to say hello and thanks for dining with us. As a former NYC resident, I've tried a good amount of noteworthy restaurants. Ilios Noche surpassed many of the ones in NYC. This is the restaurant that has changed the way I now give 5-star ratings. Can't wait to return to try other items on the menu!
5	Zucchini and Eggplant app is amazing and the spinach pie is awesome. We will be back!
2	We went to here for the first time with another couple who had dined at the other location. I was excited as I love Mediterranean food. The atmosphere is great, the menu fantastic, but that's it. Our server took almost 20 minutes to get our friends' and my husband's cocktails. Mine took another 15 minutes on top of that, and by then, we were almost done with our appetizer (we had the four Mediterranean spreads and they were very good). Our food came out and while the orzo was delicious, after a couple bites, I bit down to find a hard, sharp piece of plastic in my food. We alerted our server (who didn't seem too concerned) and who started to tell me it was probably a piece of plastic wrap from the lamb, until I showed him it was actually hard plastic with a pointy, sharp edge. He asked me if I wanted it re-done, which I did and the manager came over. He apologized and brought me a glass of wine on the house. My re-done meal came out and while the orzo was fantastic, I was disappointed in my lamb shank. It was very fatty and didn't have a ton of flavor. I tried my husband's moussaka, which was great, and my friend's lamb chops were like my lamb, not a strong flavor and kind of bland. Our arugula salad was good, as was the side order of Greek white beans. Come to end of the meal and my friends were charged for an extra cocktail and they didn't take my meal off the bill like the manager had suggested they would. I was very disappointed and we will NOT be returning
5	We came here the other night for dinner and boy was I impressed by this place. Start to finish this place is 5 STARS..!!! The entire experience was absolutely PHENOMENAL..!! By the time I arrived my buddy Paul had a dip platter waiting - hummus, tsatziki, eggplant & roasted pepper. It came with a bunch of pita bread -- All 4 were delicious.I then ordered the pork belly sandwich.... I repeat, PORK BELLY sandwich...!!!! As many of you know, the belly is the pigs greatest culinary gift. It came served on pita bread and came with red onion, tomato, lettuce & tsatziki. I can't even put to words how delicious this sandwich was. It was just AMAZING...!!Allyson had the moussaka. It was enough for Paul and I to sample and she had plenty left to take home. I've had moussaka at Greek restaurants all over the country and this is one of the BEST I've ever had. We ate outside on the patio and as the night went on, it got a little chilly. Our server came over and as soon as we mentioned it was getting cold he turned on two heat lamps for us right away -- He was extremely attentive. In fact, the service provided by the entire staff there was beyond anything I could have possible expected or asked for. I can't wait to go back...I'm sure that the only problem for me will be deciding on what to order.This place is truly a hidden gem in the far corner of a strip mall. I HIGHLY recommend ilios noche quail co..!! Don't underestimate it.. Give this place a try next time you are in the area!
5	By far one of the best restaurants in Charlotte. The service and food is impeccable..Make it your business to go to ilios...I was there on a Friday night and they had live music...it sounded so good..a great compliment to the environment, very sexy and chic!
4	We had a good meal. The atmosphere and decor was energetic and modern. I would recommend the lamb shank. It was delicious. My husband had the pizza and didn't like the crust (too doughy). We were there on a Saturday night. It was very busy. I would recommend reservations.
5	Tucked away in the revamped Quail Corners, this is a hidden gem with a deserving reputation.We went on a Saturday night and got to hear some really (and I mean really) good jazz renditions of some pop songs old and new. It added great ambiance to very classy looking place. I am not sure if this a weekly thing or not but I'd hope so.But people don't go to a restaurant for the jazz, so on to the food.They have a really good Mediterrainian menu and I hae never heard a waiter be so enthusiastic about the food. We decided it was either his first job in a restaurant of this caliber or the food was really that good. We hoped for the latter.He sold us on a hummus plate, the short ribs and the lamb burger. All of it was out of this world. They were packed with flavor and cooked perfectly. The funny part was there were no less than eight other items our waiter was enthusiastic about. I guess we will have to go back.While I was with a group and not on a date, I think a found a great new date spot. Terrific food and ambiance at a well reasoned price (it is more upscale but you can get out of there for $12-22 a person).
4	I think they have pretty good Greek food, not out-of-this-world good, but decent and some dishes are excellent.The octopus appetizer was excellent and ditto the dolmaties.  If you are a novice to Greek food, do the four starter/dip plate that is a selection of humus, egg plant, peppers along with pita bread.  You can get regular or whole wheat pitas.Crazy lasagna is unique and very delicious.  My friend had a big salad and it looked fantastic and he said it was one of the best he ever had.Menu is Mediterranean and covers quite a variety of dishes. Portions are generous.Hard to comment of describe other than to say that the service is great, selections many, prices reasonable and everything is savory.  Treat yourself to a selection of appetizers and you will have a great experience and learn something about Greek food.Good place.
5	Amazing experience! I received the best service and the food was amazing! totally worth it. Also very knowledgeable bartenders and great management :) makes it hard not to become a regular!
4	it was my first time to this place with a group of my friends & it was right around the holidays. we had made reservations, but we were seated almost an hour later.  But this wasn't the fault of the restaurant but the party that had been there since 5.  When the manager knew how long we were waiting, he arranged for us to be seated right away and got us situated.  We also had a great server who was knowledgeable about the food on the menu. Being a vegetarian I ask every question you can think. He was honest in saying the fries are cooked in the same oil as the calamari so that was a no go. But I totally enjoyed atmosphere and the food. My only issue was the leftovers i had the next day seemed very salted.  I would request that they chef go easy on the sodium so it doesn't taste salty the next day. I will be returning to this place in the near future.
