5	This place has great service and they do a great job. Mike the owner can fix anything and everything, he is a professional!!! Great service great prices you can not compete!!!
5	Damn what shoe restoration! Don't even think about going anywhere else in vegas to get your shoes repaired!!a+++++
5	Wow, wow, wow.  I went into Mike's not knowing what to expect.  As most people do, I googled the nearest shoe repair and took a gamble...boy did it pay off.  I had a golf bag that was completely ripped, and a pair of my favorite tennis shoes that had a hole in the toe.  Mike explained exactly how and what he could do to fix them, and boy did he deliver.  Kudos to Mike and his wonderful shop.  Amazing service at a great price.5/5-Doug
5	I have black mens ferragamo shoes that were more than 5 years old. I discovered that through normal wear and tear, the soles were cracked and falling apart. I used Yelp and found this store. Wow Mike gave new heel and soles toy shoes which are better than the original that were on them. He put the long lasting cover on the soles. Shined and polished my shoes to boot. Price and timeliness was very reasonable.
5	Best price and amazing service/quality to get any of your leather goods worked at, especially shoes!!! Definitely beats out Shoe Lab, had to have my heels re done and instead of paying $75 I only paid $25 and had them ready in two days
1	Dude or who ever clean my suede shoes destroyed them. All he can say was that's how suede comes out it's unpredictable. His wife or what ever employee couldn't explain properly, so he starts getting loud with so unprofessional. Go to the shoe repair on rancho. Now I know why all high end designer stores refer that guy!
5	Can I give Mike's more stars? This guy is THE best shoe and leather repair guy around. I have been in the Vegas as almost 12 years now and I have been to many shoe repair places. NONE of them can do half as good as Mike. I am always amazed and thoroughly pleased at the work he turns out. I recently moved to Boulder City and it is quite the jaunt to get to him. Mike has been the only shoe guy to work with me in getting the perfect fit for all my shoes needs. I would HIGHLY recommend Mike to anyone who has a shoe repair or leather need. This man works wonders!!! -d-
5	Awesome! This is by far the best repair shop I have been to and I will not take anything any where else. They can repair anything and at a very reasonable price and with a very fast turn around!  I have brought Mike so many shoes in and he has made them all look brand new!
5	I brought 4 pairs of dress shoes here that I thought were dead forever and Mike's brought them back to life !! Very reasonable pricing and work done very fast. Best shoe repair in Vegas
5	After receiving a price quote of $35 for a quarter inch strip of leather on a pair of Prada double monk strap loafers from the abhorrent "Shoe Lab" in Boca Park I turned to Mike's - a simple fix rendered in 48-hours for a mere $6 that is completely indistinguishable from the original loop located just two inches to its right.  Perfect leather grain match, seemless stitching, and friendly service with no fuss.
1	I called this place to ask about louboutin repairs and the lady was so fucking rude.. and she couldn't even understand what the fuck I was saying. If you're going to have someone in customer service at least hire someone who knows as such. Dafuq
5	Best shoe repair in town! !!!great job, great price and very friendly. ...
5	They do a great job with high end shoes. Brought a pair my dog  chewed up back to life.  Fair prices.  Parking a little tricky but worth it.
5	This was the best shoe repair experience I ever had!  I brought in shoes that are almost 30 years old.  The heels seemed to be beyond repair, but Mikes fixed them WHILE I WAITED, and charged me an incredibly reasonable rate.  They are my favorite pair of shoes, and had been sitting in storage for more than 10 years, after being worn to death...or close to it!  Now, they look brand new, and I am never taking my shoe repair business anywhere else.The shop is clean, easy to find, and the people there were super nice and polite.
