5	Very pleased with the service we received from Bradley Carpet Cleaners!  The owner was the guy who did the service and he was very professional and did a great job--the carpets look brand new!  We mentioned Yelp and got the 3 rooms (200 sq feet) for $75.   Our rooms were a bigger then the 200 sq feet or whatever the standard is so our entire downstairs cost $90.  The owner was very professional and took his time making sure they carpets were really cleaned - he was over for 3+ hours.  And told us to call if something didn't look right after it was dried and he'd come back and make it right.I would definetly recommend this service and will be using him for my next carpet cleaning need.
5	Called up Bradley Carpet Cleaning in my mix of calling a few differing cleaners.  Brian (the owner) answered and spent the time explaining the process and what he offered.  He provided a detailed quote with a few options.  There was absolutely no pressure to commit during the entire process (This was different from others I called).  I was not in town when the cleaning was complete so he provided before and after pictures along with my invoice.  I have since seen the carpet and it looks brand new!Bradley provided great service and would definitely use them again in the future!
5	Good service and a quality cleaning. They are very friendly and do a great job. Use the yelp ad and get a great deal. I would deffinetly reccomend Bradley Carpet Cleaning.
5	I don't write reviews, but I just had to! Couldn't be happier with the work. I could tell Brian really just wanted to do a good job and make me happy. Mission accomplished! Great price, great work, very professional.
5	Brian was very nice and professional. He cleaned all the tile in my house for a reasonable price. The tile looks great, we can definitely see a difference in grout color. There were a few spots that didn't pick up the sealer and he was kind enough to come back the following week and redo them. He was very knowledgable and I would recommend him for any cleaning job. I was very pleased with how attentive and detail oriented he was. Make sure you use Bradley Carpet Cleaning!!
5	I just had a carpet cleaning by Brian today, and I'm very pleased!! We had a cat for a long time and tough stains that didn't come off with stain remover nor vacuum carpet cleaner that my friend had. The stains were completely gone and he showed me where my cat peed on the wall using blue flash light.  No sales talk, right to the work, answered all my questions very clearly. No funny detergent smell (He said he can add fragrance if you ask) that was really good because I'm a pregnant.  I will definitely use this company again. Great work!!
5	Today Brian came to clean our bedroom carpets, our couch and chairs.  He did an amazing job and took extra time to get it all to his high expectations.  We have found our future carpet cleaner and will be happy to recommend him to our friends and family.
5	Bradley helped me and my mom clean our rented house in south phoenix.  The carpet was really dirty and I was doubting if it could become clean again.  Then I saw really good reviews of Bradley and decided to try it.  And, he was very easy to talk to and he did an excellent job for us, he cleaned thoroughly and he really brought our carpet back to life.  I'v recommended him to my other friends in need and I would definitely use his service again!  -Ray.
5	Brian did a wonderful job on our old carpet.  Highly recommend!
5	I'm so happy to have found Bradley Carpet Cleaning. I had a company come and do my carpets in the fall that completely trashed them, leaving them brownish and crunchy! I couldn't wait another 6 months to get my carpet cleaned again; I had to bite the bullet and have them redone. I called Bradley Carpet Cleaning and Brian was very knowledgeable and friendly. He explained what had likely happened with whatever method the other company used, and was very familiar our problem. He came to our house and did a very thorough job (took his time, which I appreciate), and I couldn't BELIEVE the difference. Our carpets seriously looked new again. They are now so soft and lush, and back to their original color. They feel so good on bare feet, and I can honestly say I don't remember them feeling so clean and soft.I thought that other company had ruined our floors, but Brian saved the day! I will never call another company again. Bradley Carpet Cleaning, we'll see you in six months!
5	I used this service in August to help with pet odor. Brian was helpful, knowledgeable, and thorough. He goes above and beyond, to say the least.The carpets were, obviously, clean.This week, I tried to use this service again for a move-out and he was unable to access the water line due to a leak in the piping. He did not charge me a dime despite the time spent. The next time I need this service, I will be calling Brian.
5	How did I know when I found the perfect carpet and tile cleaner for my new home?? The guy brought out a black light to inspect the carpet when he came for the consultation! That's right, a black light!!!My husband and I found a home to rent with a pool. I am totally against having carpet in a home and, unfortunately, the entire upstairs is carpeted. My husband could not see past the pool, to what may be living in the carpet from past tenants, so I begged the listing agent to have the carpet replaced. That was a big fat no. The carpets were so dirty they were black (supposed to be beige) and the listing agent said they would have them professionally cleaned and I would be pleased. Liar. We signed the lease, went back in the home (after the cleaning) and the carpet was beige again, but was "crunchy". My husband agreed to have them re-cleaned by the company of my choice to make me happy. After a quick search on Yelp I found Bradley's Carpet Cleaning. Brian and his brother, Kurt, met us at the house and were both SO super nice. He ran his hand on the carpet to see how crunchy it was and dust started coming out of the carpet like a dust storm. He thought, at first, it was probably residue from the prior carpet cleaner and then whipped out the black light. This was like a slow motion horror show for my husband; he couldn't get across the room quick enough to try to stop him. I am a huge germaphobe and my husband knew whatever was lurking in the carpet could keep me from moving in. My horrors were confirmed.... Either a crazy cat lady with 20 cats lived there or a family with 2 non house broken Saint Bernard's.  Now, I am not insensitive to those with pets, I get it. I have 3 of my own, but they are housebroken and I would like to keep them that way. My fears started towards them "marking their territory" if they could smell urine from another animal. Brian was just as disgusted as I was but seemed confident he could help me. Brian went over ways I could pre treat the carpet myself with commercial grade enzymes, liquid alive, etc to save money and emailed me estimates for 3 different processes he could do for my carpets in different price points. He even gave me a store and contact person to purchase all the products! I never felt he was trying to up sell me. My husband was going out of town for work, and I was left behind to pack the old house up myself so I went with a treatment option that included them doing all the work over a few days. This is where it gets impressive...I found a few crickets in the garage and know they are a food source for scorpions. Our old house had a ton of them and I am hoping to not have the same issue again so I called an exterminator. They called me with a last minute opening and I left work to run and meet them at the house. This was the day Bradley's Carpet Cleaning was coming out to do the initial pretreatment and had no idea I would be stopping by. I left a key for them in a lock box to come and go as they please while they treated the floors so I wouldn't have to be there every time. When I walked in, they were well on their way working on the carpet. They were both on their hands and knees- black lights in their left hand, treatment solution in their right, making sure to get every single spot! At one point, I walked in when Brian was on the stairs and he was scrubbing the front of each stair with treatment solution! Not just the tops! They paid such close attention to detail, it was as if they were going to live there themselves! Basically, they cleaned twice after treating the carpet, which was three times overall and I am confident they got them as clean as possible and the only other option would be to totally replace the carpet. Since it's a rental this doesn't make sense for us. Unfortunately, we were still getting dust when we ran our hands across certain areas. Brian stayed on the case and eventually figured out it was tons and tons and tons of carpet fresh from the old tenants! He emailed me his findings and I replied with a passing comment that now I was no longer worried my pets would mark the carpet, but they are both habitual paw lickers and now I was concerned they would end up poisoned by carpet fresh. I envisioned my life for the next year constantly washing their paws! Not even a  1/2 hour later Brian responded- he had contacted WD-40, the makers of carpet fresh, to inquire about it possibly being hazardous to my dog's health and the best way to get it out of the carpet. This floored me, talk about going above and beyond! In case anyone was wondering, it is non toxic to animals! Turns out, Brian is a huge animal lover and his wife is a pet sitter! He also did an awesome job on the tile and grout. It looks brand new! We will definitely hire Bradley's Carpet Cleaning in the future and I have recommended them to everyone I know. My company has also now hired them to clean our lobby and office areas!
5	We called multiple carpet cleaning companies in order to decide who to use and ended up picking Bradley Carpet Cleaning.  BEST DECISION!My family just bought a new house and the previous owners had a dog that was allowed everywhere.  The carpet had multiple areas that were heavily stained and the tile/grout was pretty bad.  They walked us through the house and explained the process as well as gave us overall knowledge on how to maintain after in order to save some money.  It was a really pleasant experience.They were able to make the carpets look brand new by removing the stains and the tile was a shade lighter because it had been so heavily stained with dirt.  I was prepared for dark shadows, but clean carpets.  They were amazing!I can only hope people will read this review and trust that they offer a great service, but they are good people as well who are truly looking to not just do a job, but take pride in their work.
5	Brian has cleaned our carpets several times and always does a great job!  He goes above and beyond to make sure any stains and smells are out.  Our carpets and floors always look fantastic after getting them cleaned.  He will literally get on his hands and knees to see where an odor is coming from as I just hang my head in shame for not knowing.He keeps you informed about his process as well as anything that you can expect (that the wool rug will stink for a few days).  He also says he will come out and clean any areas again if a stain shows up after treatment, but we have never had to take him up on this because it is done perfectly the first time.
5	We hired Bradley Carpet Cleaning to clean our main living area carpet and all of the tile throughout our house.  He arrived on time and his prices were so competitive we ended up having him clean practically all of the carpet throughout the house!  I can attest all of the prior testimonials are right on the money.  He did a wonderful job and explained all of his actions.  My daugher commented our carpet looked brand new.  I would recommend his services and won't hesitate to use him for our future cleaning needs.  Plus he's from the midwest and has the work ethic that's expected!
5	Been awhile since we had our carpets cleaned.  Didn't think they were that bad, but wanted them cleaned before new baby arrives. We were pleasantly amazed at the difference.  We didn't have the whole house done, just the high traffic areas, but now you can really see how clean the previously dirty areas are compared to the areas we thought didn't need cleaning.  We will be calling Brian back to do the last room soon!We'd also like to note Brian's excellent customer service.  He answered all our questions thoroughly.  & when he got to work, he was very efficient in how he went throughout the house.
5	He did a wonderful job, was very professional. There were some scheduling issues and he handled them quickly and made all efforts to relieve any stress. The rugs looked amazing! I am selling my house and reviews consisted of, "it looked like no one ever lived here"
5	I had my carpets cleaned 2 weeks ago. Brian is a nice guy who took his time in examining my carpets including getting on his hands and knees to sniff the doggie potty spots. He ended up recommending the deep pet stain removal on one spot and the basic spot remover on the others. He did a great job, my carpets look new and no pet stains!  The price is well worth the end result even though it took almost 2 days for my carpets to completely dry before I could walk on them.
5	I haven't done very many yelp reviews, but I felt compelled to leave a positive review for Brian.  He took a lot of pride in his work and was able to get stains out of my carpet that had survived several cleanings from other companies.  He was very knowledgeable about carpets and cleaning products.  As others have noted, he was on hands and knees with the black light sniffing suspicious-looking spots and devising a plan of attack.  It's obvious he knows his stuff and I couldn't be happier with the results.  My carpet looks new and you'd never know we have a puppy.
5	Fantastic job and price!  My carpets look brand new and Brian is extremely courteous and highly professional.Can`t recommend them enough, if I could give them more than 5 stars I would.
5	I had the whole house done last April.  They did such a great job that we're having them come again in a week.  On-time, friendly, and the carpets actually got clean!  As long as these guys are in business, I'm not calling anyone else.
5	With 3 teenagers my carpet was filthy! The Bradley's showed up promply at the appointed time. Gave me a courtesy reminder call the previous day. When Mr. Bradley arrived he explained what was needed and went to work. Him and his lovely wife did an excellent job. I am very pleased and highly recommend their very professional service. Thank you Mr. & Mrs. Bradley.
5	I highly recommend!  I've used Bradley Carpet Cleaning for 3+ years for both my rental home and my personal home.  Brian is excellent. He is very professional, courteous, respectful and always on time.  His product and service are second to none.  And his prices are absolutely competitive.  The only downside?  He is very busy so sometimes you may have to schedule a week in advance. But that's a good thing and it shows how great his service is.  I will continue using Bradley Carpet Cleaning and high recommend them!
5	I have never had a carpet cleaner like Brian.  This is not your ordinary cleaner..this is a man who is a perfectionist. There must have been five steps he did and the price was more than reasonable.First he goes around with a black light to check out where your dogs wee weeded.Then he sprays this glorious spray in the spots.  After that he starts cleaning and then follows it up with a vacum and water remover machine.My carpet looks brand new.Joel OConnell Tempe
5	Getting excited about having my carpets cleaned is not really on my "to do" list, but Brian changes all that when he walks through the door. Each time Brian comes to clean the carpets he comes with the same amount of vigor to get my carpet looking its best.  We have three dogs, one paralyzed below the waist, and two teens (and all their friends!) at home.  Our carpets take a beating!  I have been extremely pleased with the outcome.  Soft and super clean, not crunchy and stiff and chemical smelling. The last time I was expecting company and called short notice. He came on his day off to accommodate my needs.  His friendliness, professionalism, quality work, and prices make me a loyal customer.  Highly recommend!  He also accepts credit cards...:)
