4	Pullman is my favorite steakhouse downtown. I've always been able enjoy a good meal with great service. I liked it better when it was less crowded, meaning you could show up last minute and easily get a table. Nowadays it's a little more crowded. Not exactly sure why, but whatever, it's still good.Oh, and I have this weird affinity towards steakhouses in trains.
4	The Pullman Grille  is one of the hidden treasures of the Vegas downtown area.It is a supurb steakhouse with character and a "train load" of ambiance.The friendliness of the staff is overwhelming.Located in the far back corner of the casino, or right in the Main Street Station hotel area - this steakhouse is as warm and inviting as any restaurant in Vegas.It is only open on weekend evenings, Friday through Sunday.The service is just amazing ..... all your needs are attended to by a super wait staff.They have a fine wine list with prices well below most steak houses.The steaks are huge and served with an equally giant baked potato.The treat for me was the Louisiana style crabcake appetizer. It was phenomenal and the meal really did not need to go farther to be a total enjoyment.It was fine dining at its best - a great glass of wine and the crabcake.....The supurb steak was just an added enjoyment.The furnishings in the room have a great deal of history and the deep walnut and oak wood textures add a hushed, quiet elegance.You can not go wrong with dinner in the Pullman grill..........
4	I came here looking for a serious steak and I got it with horseradish. Delectable tastes and mouthwatering just to even think about it.
3	Wow, I'm the only person who has checked into this place so I'm the Duchess.  Woot, woot!Anyway, I went here for a private event so I'm not sure I'm reviewing the Pullman Grille kitchen.  But the food served at lunch for the private event was mediocre at best.  Iceberg salad with boiled eggs and some overcooked spaghetti with marinara and vegetables.  The water came in glasses but the ice tea came in plastic cups, which was weird.  I'm assuming the restaurant is open for dinner but they rent it out during lunch for events?Anyway, the last review here was July but Main Street Station does not list this restaurant as one of its dining options.  http://www.mainstreetcasino.com/diningSo I'm not sure if it is still open for regular business.  I'll check it out sometime in the evening and see if it is.The old-school design of the place is very interesting.  Lots of detailed, carved wood on the ceiling.  And there appears to be an actual train car in the restaurant that you can dine in.
