5	I went to 3 different places before I found this one, and he was the only one who was honest with me, and made me feel better about virtually ruining my $250 Michael Kors! He was extremely kind and fixed my heels in a couple of hours. I highly recommend giving this man your business :0) There just aren't enough deserving small business owners out there, but this guy is awesome, and has very reasonable prices as well!
5	I love a good cobbler and was so pleased to find Boris. I have a penchant for expensive shoes and rescue dogs, not a match made in heaven! Boris took a pair of terribly mauled Donald Pliner sandals and reworked them so one would never know they had been dog fodder. Boris charges a fair price and gets the work done on time. He is one of those rare repair guys who could probably make shoes, not just stick on new heels!
5	I'm not local, but will wish that I were every time I need something done to a pair of fancy shoes! Boris was professional and quick, plus he suggested a sole-saver that I am already appreciating. Now how can I get him to move the business to San Francisco...
5	I love good shoes and when a repair is needed, I want the best to make them look as good as new. Found Boris on YELP! and could not be happier with the outcome. Boris is a genius and an artist.Took 2 pairs of boots to be heeled, polish and freshened, one pair of cowboy boots that are turquoise teal color, another suede BCBG boots. Boris colored matched the toes perfectly on the cowboy boots and brushed the suede to look brand new. Boris did both at a reasonable price and within a couple of days.MAGNIFICENT! Boris gets all my business from now on! Thank you.
4	Another thank you goes out to my yelp friends for finding and writing about this great gem of a business! Unfortunately I am very hard on my shoes and I had three pairs of boots that needed new heals. Sure enough, Boris hooked me up for just $12-15 per pair. He told me they would be ready in a week, but called two days early. The boots came out fantastic!  If I need more repairs, I will be coming here!
5	so happy to have found a great, reasonably priced shoe repair shop in Scottsdale.  Boris did a wonderful job resurrecting 3 pairs of my favorite boots.  He does quality work and turns it around quickly.  He even called twice to let me know my boots were ready.  I tried another shop in Scottsdale that claims to have won "Best of Phoenix" awards but was disappointed by the quality of work and shocked by their prices - paid $117 to have 5 pairs of shoes resoled and that was with a 25% off coupon...   Boris Shoe Repair is a bit of a drive for me, but now I won't go anywhere else!
5	Boris is the best shoe professional in town!  I am an executive and I wear suits everyday and he takes care of all my shoes. I would highly recommend him!
2	$15 and then $12.50 for cleets, Wth? It takes 3mins time and the materials are $2.00
5	I was in dire need of a shoe cobbler to repair a pair of Johnston Murphy dress shoes that I wear several times a week for work. Since I am fairly new to the area, I Yelped and found Boris who is close to my home. I dropped off the shoes on Tuesday and told him that a week to 10 days would be fine for the repair...he called in less than 24 hours and had both shoes completed and looking sharp! A very reasonable price for very HIGH customer service! I will be sending my clients to him and will continue to bring more items here!
5	Great place to take shoes for a fix. First time I took three pairs in and he charged me $10 per pair.  Recently, I have just been bringing them in individually and he charges $15/per. Either way it's never more than $15/per. He is nice and always gives me tips how to better care for shoes.  Thanks Boris! Yay for fixing shoes--esp my fav ones!!!
5	Excellent work at a very reasonable price.  I just had a highly skilled repair done on my Redwing work boots.  They look like new!  Thank you so much Boris.
2	I Recently had a pair of shoes re-healed by Borris':  Not a good experience, when I asked how much it would cost he stated $20, then when I was there to "Pay in Advance", it was $25, then $30 when I picked them up.  I paid $30 for new heals and he didn't even bother to wipe down the shoes, polish, nothing.  Not impressed and will not go back again.
5	I found this place on yelp and took a pair of shoes in to be repaired. I was so impressed by the price, turnaround time, and how darn nice they were. Definitely recommend!
4	I know very little about shoe repair ... but I know what I like.  I like good workmanship, and I like having working done on time.  Boris Shoe Repair delivered this for me three times in the past six months.Pricing is the only question mark.  I have not done comparison shopping but I don't think Boris Shoe Repair can be called inexpensive.  I also get the impression that the price may be influenced by how Boris is feeling at the moment, how much you look like you will pay, and whether he thinks he can get more business from you.  Perhaps bargaining?
5	This is a great little place! Boris is so nice-always does a great job on putting the red rubber on my loubies and also fixing up all my other shoes as well. Reasonably priced for what I've had done here...rubber soles and heel tips is usually all I need :)
1	This is the worst shoe repairman that I've ever met in my whole life he charges way too much money and he doesn't do a good job his job on shoes is horrible you're going to pay overpriced for something that he doesn't even fix I don't recommend this man to anybody
2	Not super impressed.  Took in some shoes to fix a snap button that had fallen off, they said come back the next day, when i did they claimed they meant next week.  We'll tomorrow is tomorrow, no question about that. So not off to a good start.  Once I got the shoes back they used a snap that was significantly larger than the other shoe.  Just not impressed, plus they charged $10, just for a snap button.  Won't be coming back here.
