3	Grade: CThe food is almost as good as the prices. Decent service.
4	I have never eaten at the Green Lantern, but whatever.  What I HAVE done is gone to karaoke there.I am not the kind of person to enjoy a "hip" bar.  I don't want ironic metal on the jukebox or $8 flirtinis.   What I want is totally unpretentious karaoke renditions of Unskinny Bop from people that still look like they graduated high school in 1991, and $2.50 vodka and cranberry juices.
4	I'm sure if I drove far enough outside of Minneapolis I'd find a place about as awesome as the Green Lantern. Instead of doing all of that work, I just wish the Green Lantern would move into my backyard.I HATE bars where I feel like I have to do a lot of work just to try to have a good time. I'm not dressing up or drinking a certain drink just to feel like I have a shot of being accepted somewhere, believe me. The Green Lantern rules because it's completely laid back and totally unpretentious. I've seen such a wide variety of people there and everyone is always having a great time.Besides, the drinks are super strong and cheap - that alone is good enough for me.
4	The biggest plus is it is on the lake with a dock and open for breakfest.That is huge if your a fan of a boating trip to eat ...I'll swing by soon to actually eat there again ...it's been 3 years since we had a boat.We did find a used boat ...now we may return.I guess that says a lot as without the boat, we do not go, with a boat, its a 6 out of 5 stars!!!!
4	Who does not love the Greeny?  As some posts before me it is a place you can go and have a good time no matter what and just be you.  The staff is awesome and the food is decent.  But the Green lantern has something that other places try to imitate, atmosphere. I have seen bar after bar try and create a fun atmosphere but they cannot.  The Greeny has it and I wish I could get there more than I do.
3	The Green Lantern is the kind of place that comes in right above the Mendoza Line.  What I mean by this is the quality of the meals and the atmosphere of this supper club is good enough to warrant return visits but not to elicit rave reviews.  I'm not a supper club kind of guy, so right off the bat a place like the Green Lantern isn't going to be my favorite.  However there are plenty of old school supper clubs that do a nice enough job that I've got no qualms tagging along for dinner on a Friday night.  The Green Lantern is one of these places, albeit just barely.My friend, however, absolutely loves this place.  As such I've had cause to dine here many times over the years.  There are quite a few pluses.  The bartenders are quick and generally friendly, and they've got an adequate tap selection including Ale Asylum offerings.  I love the location right off the lake, and two-thirds of the seating areas have great atmosphere.  The service has always been above average and I can't think of a bad experience - this type of consistency over the years is very hard to maintain.  They've got Wiggies, which are kind of like low-rent roesti - hashbrowns with onions, peppers and American cheese.  And finally the Green Lantern is obviously popular with the denizens of McFarland.  I don't recall a single trip out here where the bar wasn't mostly full and the restaurant hopping.The negatives: first and foremost I've always found the menu to be pretty limited.  I'm not big on fish fry, and the Green Lantern's Friday night menu doesn't have much else aside from sandwiches and a grilled chicken breast entree.  Now as I said, I'm not big on fish fry so my opinion should be taken lightly, but the times that I have ordered the fish I've been underwhelmed.  This is probably just me - my friend simply can't get enough of the stuff.  Prices are moderately high for the perceived quality, though the bar is quite reasonable.  There's also a bit of a hassle when it comes to paying the bill.  While I've never had any concerns with service from the waitstaff, I have stood around for upwards of 15 minutes waiting to have the hostess swipe my card.  That is unacceptable and it's unfortunately led to smaller tips to otherwise deserving waitresses.  Finally, it always seems that after waiting 20-30 minutes for a table on a Friday night we always end up either in the basement or at one of the few poorly located tables upstairs.  If it were just up to me I don't think I'd be going to the Green Lantern all that much.  After all, I don't live in McFarland and I don't really go for supper club fish fries.  But so long as I know people that love going here I'll tag along and have a decent enough time.  I think you'd be hard pressed not to at least be able to do that at the Green Lantern.
4	We ate there several weeks back so the details are a bit thin, but I do recall that the service was good and we enjoyed the burger, club sandwich, and ham and cheese our group had.  Its exactly what you'd expect for a good supper club.
4	Under ordinary circumstances I'm not a breakfast person.  However, the morning after Thanksgiving, it was obviously time to consume more food, so off to the Green Lantern we went.  And a good thing too...I had the best breakfast I have eaten in recent memory, and left totally impressed (and full).Breakfast foods are simple foods.  Many places take advantage of the simplicity by rushing things along.  You end up with edible but uninspired eats.  Though my breakfast arrived shortly after it was ordered, it was cooked properly and with care.  My sunny side up eggs were perfectly done, the whites well set and the yolks warm but properly runny.  The four (!) large slices of bacon were thick and flavorful.  I ordered the hash-browns crispy, and that's how they came.  Everything on the plate was cooked just right and tasted super good.  I could almost like eating breakfast out, if every place served breakfast like this.Service was fast and friendly.  Coffee was the usual diner style, weak and plentiful.  The bar looked capable of producing a solid bloody mary, but alas this went untested.  Prices were as cheap as the day is long.  I'm docking a star for the corn beef hash--it lacked flavor and that all important crunch.  All the same, I still highly recommend the Lantern for your breakfast needs.
3	Ate breakfast here today; overall a really good atmosphere and some tasty items on the menu.  I would recommend their Wiggies, a hodgepodge of hash browns, cheese, green peppers, diced ham, and mushrooms. I topped it off with a mimosa andthen my gf and I strolled out onto their dock and enjoyed some lakeside scene.
4	We love The Green Lantern. The food is wonderful and the price is great. We have never had a long wait for a table and once we are seated we are always waited on right away. All the staff is very friendly and atmosphere is welcoming. We have taken several friends here for dinner and always have a great time.
5	We love this place!  This restaurant has excellent food!  It has been family owned for years and that is what makes the difference.  Love being regulars here!  Friday night fish fries are always good.  Scallops are really worth trying.  Salads are always fresh.  Chili is very thick and meaty. This place and staff are always welcoming even when you arrive by boat!  Highly recommend it.  Be sure to  check out their specials on their awesome website!  http://www.thegreenlanternrestaurant.com.
5	Looking for "that" spot where the moment you walk in, you fit in?  Looking for a home cooked meal...without having to lift a finger? Looking for a place to pop a squat and shoot the shit?Look no further than the Greenie!  Breakfast, lunch, happy hour or dinner....it always fills the bill. Love taking the family there for weekend breakfast.  From the waffle sundae for my youngest to the seafood omelet for me...they have it all.  Huge portions...great prices! Swing in and ask for my favorite bartender, Joy to make you her ultimate bloody mary made with Effen Cucumber Vodka.  Yeah...she rocks it.  It's all good...
4	Have eaten here several times,most recently this morning..Food has always been good but todays breakfast was exceptional..I had eggs and walleye.Large piece of walleye,flaky,lightly breaded,and delicious! Companion had lobster benedict special which was raved about..To top it off the service provided by April was outstanding....
5	Life is good. In bloody mary heaven. Joy's not bad either :-)
4	Always good food. Menu seems to have been updated recently. Lake perch really nicely done. Upper dining room has been remodeled. Quite nice!  A favorite.
1	Pros:Drinks are okRib eye steak good medium rare with baked potatoService was friendly and food served warmFood affordablerelaxing environment, local feelCons:Scallops was to saltyfurniture outdatedwalleye fish was eh, not enough flavorsIt's very Divey, not impressed even when my meal was free.
4	We accidentally found Green Lantern when another local eatery was closed for Sunday night. We couldn't have been more happy that the other place was closed as Green Lantern had friendly service, tasty food, and the Packers on tv screens everywhere you looked. It's a restaurant and bar, and the building isn't modern, so leave any judgmental aesthetic attitudes at home (or, in our case, the hotel room) and go enjoy something other than another boring chain.
3	Friday Night Fish Fry! reasonable prices and good service. Go with the standards and you will enjoy!
4	This place is like an old up-north supper club. It's dark and cozy with orange light lanterns hanging from the ceiling. The upper seating level has a lovely view of the lake. I got the lobster omelet and it had this wonderful, flavorful tarragon sauce over the top. Big chunks of lobster made it a memorable breakfast. My english muffin was perfectly toasted and buttered.My companion recommends trying the walleye breakfast next time.Our server was very very very nice and sweet. Several times she uttered "take your time, no hurry." I hear that's the Green Lantern's tag line: loitering encouraged. I like to relax, so this place is perfect. If I lived in the area I'd go there for drinks.
4	Never had a bad meal here, breakfast lunch or dinner.  Prices are very reasonable and the people are very welcoming.  One thing that needs improvement is the coffee.  I think they let the hot water wink at the grounds.  Way to weak.
4	Good food, cheap drinks, great service. Breakfast is simple, but delicious here- get the Wiggies (hashbrowns with cheese, onions, ham and green pepper inside). Sandwiches are also good, and it's a great place for fish fry.
5	FISH FRY was OUT OF THIS WORLD! I read an article in Madison magazine about how this place had one of the best fish fry's in town and decided to try it out! What a gem! First, The fish fry comes with salad and a side. Super Nice.  Secondly, they must have the world's best tartar sauce! I could literally drink the stuff. Third, I took five people here who all had the fish fry and drinks and it only set me back 60 Bucks! WOW! I will be back!
3	The man and I are on this thing now where we are trying to eat at a few places famous for their fish fry's thanks to an article in Madison Magazine.  There are a few places in the mag that I am looking forward to trying but Green Lantern was the first one that we hit up.  Driving up the place looked kind of small and beat up which was not what I was expecting and not looking forward to.  As we got closer however I realized how big this place was on the inside.  It's huge!   At least it felt huge from where we were sitting.  I'm not sure if it was the article in the magazine that attributed to how crazy busy this place was or if there was a concert or what but this place was insane.  I mean we had to wait for an hour for our table.  On the plus side we had to wait an hour for our table which meant an hour of drinking so I can't really complain.Because we had been waiting for so long we also had a chance to look at the menu so when we  finally sat down we knew exactly what we wanted; the waitress loved this.  We started with the calamari which I'm starting to find out is not one of Wisconsin's strong suits.  I don't think I have ever had good calamari here; maybe this will be my next food challenge 'The Great Calamari Showdown'!  Anyway, I had a few pieces of that and let the man have the rest'' he actually really liked it.  I ordered the salad which was huge, cheesy mashed potato, and 3 pieces of the lightly breaded cod.  The man order the same but with cheesy hash browns.  The fish was pretty good.  It was juicy and fresh and not bad.  I thought it was maybe just a little over the top with the seasoning.  I think I would have enjoyed it more if the flavors were a bit more subtle as opposed to all up in my face the way it was.  With that said however I though it was alright.  The man on the other hand was in love.  He likened his enjoyment of this place to the Tornado Room.  Pure blasphemy.  He clearly doesn't know anything about food. All in all I am glad I tried this place but I don't think I will be making it a regular haunt.
5	Stopped in for a dinner after getting a recommendation from a co worker and we were VERY impressed!  It was fairly quiet on a Thursday night - no problem getting a table.  The location is fabulous being right on the lake with views.  The ambiance is very much a north-woods tavern restaurant type establishment - older decor, a little kitschy, though it suits the place, well.Green Lantern has a reputation of being a surf-turf and they do it well!I had the Ahi-tuna - it was an incredibly delicate piece of fish cooked perfectly.  My wife had a steak which was also prepared very well.  We are DEFINITELY coming back!The server, while young and a bit 'nervous', did a fine job and she was very pleasant.  She also provided great suggestions for food pairings!  Well done :)Hint:  Ask for a seat by the window to get a view of the lake.hint hint:  The location, ambiance, and setup is VERY family and kid friendly!  They were hosting a birthday party for a grandmother while we were there and the staff bent-over backwards for the family and party - including setting up a powerpoint projector for family slide show and music!  Very sweet....
4	Been here a few times. Once for breakfast and few times for drinks/apps. Food has been very good and the service is decent. They don't have the best view of the lake but we'll still be back.
5	Any place that's located on a lake for a fish fry is alright with me.. It's packed on Friday which means you get to have a few cocktails while waiting for a table, the wait is worth it... Don't hesitate to try this place out you won't be disappointed..
4	are favorite fish fry in madison area get there before 530 if you dont want to awhile friendly staff both the bar and the waitstaff good burgers and steaks recomend the sea fod platter nice view of the lake good stop for lunch when out boating easy access pier go most for fish fry good hashbrown solid kids menu very reasonable prices can feed family of 5 for around 40 to 50 dollars with cocktails
3	Went last Friday to try the famous fish fry.  Arrived at 5:50pm and was quoted a 25-30 minute wait, which I found acceptable.  We were not called until 55 minutes later, and this only happened when I brought my two young sons and sat on the floor conspicuously in plain view of the host stand.  At that point we were offered the "quick alternative" of a table downstairs.  Where was this option earlier?Look, we knew going out on the first Friday of lent would result in a wait and we brought a myriad of distractions along to kill time for our 4 and 2 year olds.  Those wear thin, however, when the wait is double what you are initially told and have subsequently relayed to the kids.  Maybe this is all due to an inexperienced host.Our server was very attentive and the food was good.  We tried the baked, beer-battered, and fried fish.  We also had baked potatoes and french fries as well as salads.  Overall, this was not the best Madison has to offer.  We may return, but would only due so as a just a couple or as a family if we could arrive before the rush.
5	The Lantern doesn't profess to be anything more than it is. Good American, wisco supper club fare. Prices are very good, and they know how to cook a steak to temperature. Bloody Mary's are great as they allow you to add your own seasonings to taste.  Decent wine selection by the glass.  They even have sambuca. Try the surf n turf. Very good at a great price. Also fried chicken. Solid choice, and nicest place on lake waubesa.
2	We went to the Green Lantern last Friday and it was our first visit there.Several of our friends had always spoken highly of it so we thought we would give their Friday Fish fry a try. I had made reservations for us and when we got to the restaurant they informed us it would just be a few more minutes and that we could take a seat at the bar.The bartender was very nice and intuitive, he noticed I was eying up the pickled mushrooms and gave me some for my cocktail.A few minutes later we were promptly seated so the wait was not long at all.We were seated at a nice table by the window with a view of the lake.So far so good.We ordered a kalamari appetizer to share, three beer battered cod fish fry dinners and one breaded shrimp dinner.The kalamari came first and it was ok. Our drinks were finished so we ordered more.Finally she came with our entrees but still no beer we had ordered to go with our meals.So we reminded her again.My fish fry was warm and the fish was flaky.My moms fish fry,however, was cold and soggy and we had ordered the same thing.The cole slaw was good and tasted fresh and the hash browns I had ordered were good as well.My partners shrimp though was awful.It was greasy and mushy and tasted awful.The French fries accompanying it were undercooked and looked anemic, some of them had black coloring on them like the bad part of a potato that has rotted.Our server was still no where to be seen in order to ask about our drinks or inform her about the cold fish,soggy shrimp and undercooked fries.Finally we asked another waitress if she could find her.When we told her we were disappointed in the food,particularily the shrimp and undercooked potatoes she asked why we hadn't told her sooner, to which I really wanted to respond that not once did she check in with us to see how our meal was.She did handle it all professionally in the end and apologized, even took half off of our bill so that was nice.However, between one of us having basically no good entree at all and this being our first time there it really was a disappointment.Like I said the hashbrowns and coleslaw were good, the bartender and hostess service was good but we came there for a good fish fry and dinner service.Next time we are going to Tobys nearby instead.They consistently serve quality food along with good service.
1	For the price my just warm baked cod was okay but had little taste sitting in  water. Sides of hot baked potato and basic iceberg lettuce salad were fine. Waitress Amber was courteous and attentive. I enjoyed dinner until our party of 5 was asked to leave because they needed the table. Really? We were quite dismayed and told the male cashier whose response was defensive and frankly, rude. He even said if he were here co-owner Al would have asked us to leave just as the other co-owner did tonight. Wow. If true I am disappointed, Al. Your staff just lost us as customers including the other party waiting in line who walked out after us upon hearing our complaint and the cashier's response. Boo, bad customer service and not worth the food.
3	We had heard about the walleye and eggs for brunch.  We had to try them.Outside they had a neon sign that read IMMEDIATE SEATING.  We got it in and there was a 20 minute wait.  We thought, "OK this better be good" and ordered some bloodies.  They offer up 2 types of bloddies- a DIY and the house special.  We tried the house special.  It wasn't the best in the world but it did the trick.The walleye and eggs were a pretty good combination.  I had my eggs over easy with extra crispy hash browns.  They were cooked perfectly.  The walleye was a pretty big portion and was darn tasty.  My girlfriend's over easy eggs were extremely runny.  She insisted that she was ok with it.  If it were me I would have asked for a new order. Eggs shouldn't form a puddle on your plate. She ate the whole thing though...All in all it was good.  When I do brunch I normally don't like to wait. I'm usually hungover, crabby and hungry. So Im not sure that I'd rush back for brunch.  They did have signs advertising their free buffet during Packer games.  That might be worth checking out...
3	Decent breakfast. I've been there a few times for that. Recently tried their bacon wrapped tenderloin and it was terrible. The meat was chewy and tough and the bacon around it looked like it was wrapped in white snot. Just plain bad. Don't go here for steak
