4	Babies R Us is extremely intimidating while pregnant for the first time, but now that the little chickipoo is here and demanding fully stocked shelves, changing stations, and toy bins, I love the place!  It has a great clothing section (including some nice maternity/nursing tops if Mama needs a little something too!) and there are always lots of clearance items.  They do a nice job of sorting by size, gender, and clothing type so you can head straight to what you need unless you want to browse all the sweet little options....let's be honest, that never gets old!  Essentially you'll have the same items here as most of the big box stores but I have found that with the sales, price matching, and points rewards system this is the best place to go for your everyday needs.
3	Ummm...I won't lie, this store can be a bit overwhelming. OK...OK VERY overwhelming.  I stopped in for a gift for my friends brand new baby girl, and I was hoping for an easy quick and painless trip. Walking in there were racks of clothes everywhere, and I really didn't know where to begin. The employees were around but helping moms and their kids and so I wandered through the store, not really knowing where to go or what to pick . For me It just seemed like too much stuff everywhere. Eventually, I found an outfit and left, but I'm sure there will be no rush to return.
1	Very Poor Customer Service.I purchased a product there and used a discount coupon. I returned the product because it was defective and chose a different brand since I didn't want to take the chance on the second one being defective and was told that I couldn't use the discount since it had already been used even though I returned the product that it was used on. I spoke to the manager to no avail and contacted the office of Babies R Us Vice Pres. of Customer Service also to no avail. I will not shop at Babies R Us or Toys R Us as long as other options are available.
4	I was going to attend a baby shower for a coworker and of course needed a gift from her registry at Babies R Us. Something about me, is that it doesn't matter what kind of registry, wedding or baby, and what store it's at, trying to find something on a list makes me break out in hives and a cold sweat. Seriously. I've left a store. Lucky for me, I've never had a baby, and only been to one other baby shower. I know nothing about baby things, and was really not looking forward to going into this store and searching for an hour and not being able to find a single thing on the list. After procrastinating until the day before the shower I went on their website and noticed a miracle button on their site. "Store Pickup". Hallalujah. Can you hear the harps playing now? After having a bit of trouble with the site, I was able to pick the things I wanted right off her registry, and pay. The next day I went to the store, and after 10 minutes walked out with my purchase. Only to roll on over to Dollar Tree, grab a card, and a bag, and BE DONE! And cheers were heard all around. **Note they say on the website that you can pick up as early as the same day. I placed my order the day before, and didn't get an email saying it was ready. I took the chance that someone didn't send me my confirmation email, and I was right. They had it ready. So if you're worried call ahead.
4	I wish Yelp had a button under peoples comments for how stupid they are. Certainly, there are other places to buy baby items- like i would NEVER buy furniture here where there is an Ikea in University, or some baby toys b/c they can be cheaper somewhere elsewhere. HOWEVER, important things like diapers, food and more importantly formula- is a MUCH BETTER price at babies R us. I have never had any difficulty with their customer service- I've found the associates to be very nice and helping. And their coupons? READ THE FINE PRINT, it's pretty easy. Have you ever worked retail? It doesn't apply to everything. Good grief people. Anyway- i recommend this place.
