4	Okay, sometimes, just sometimes, you have to go to a main stream restaurant and we both felt like seafood last night and didn't want to figure something else out with a cranky baby.  So Red Lobster came up.  We shared the Harberfest with a side of crab legs (man, we love shell fish) and ordered the baby chicken and fries.  The waiter was very good and kept up with us and the baby.  He made sure we had crackers and bisects before anything else.The food overall was pretty good, the lobster tail was one of the biggest I've gotten at Red Lobster, but appeared to be a bit on the older side since it was tough and the flavor was off.  So needless to say, we left some of that on the plate.  The grilled shrimp, shrimp scampi and crab legs were all great.  As well as the Cesar salad and mashed potatoes.  The baby was quite happy on the starch diet, eating mostly bisects and french fries.When you just don't want to think a lot about eating out and seafood is on your mind, Red Lobster is a pretty simple and mostly reliable selection.
3	I have been back for two weeks now and am finally starting to finish up all of my reviews. Had lunch here with 2 other friends from high school. We met around 11:30 and left at 1:30. Long leisurley lunch. They shared a bottle of rose'. Pink wine-blech. Reminded me of our high school days when wine coolers and Stawberry Hill were all the rage (and all we could buy w/out a fake id).The food is the same as it always is. Decent, not great and the biscuits are really the only thing worth coming back for. Our server was kind of obnoxious trying to do the "up sell" at every turn. Another chain, another day in Phoenix...
4	I have to upgrade this place a star due to dealing with the Sun City crowd, let alone my Grandmother! This RL location is close to where both my Mom and Grandma live and as far as chain restaurants go, is pretty consistent where everyone can find something they like to eat. When we stayed a couple of nights in August, we came here as a family (husband, daughter, mom, G-ma and one other) and my Grandma arrived with the other party and lo and behold, she had forgotten her teeth at home! Our waitress was very understanding and suggested a couple of soft things for my Grandma to try. Needless to say, no one left hungry and Grandma like the lobster stuffed mushrooms she ordered and some of the shrimp pasta that came with my meal. Just recently, I was in Phoenix for a couple of nights before heading to Tucson for my cousin's wedding. Since my mom was working on my first night there, I asked my Grandma where she wanted to go for dinner letting her know I was not interested in her other "favorite" Elephant Bar, so this is where she chose to go. It was a Thursday night around 5:30 (late for her) and we were seated right away(there was a huge wait by the time we left). I made sure Grandma had everything she needed before leaving (including her teeth which we now joke about) and after debating the menu choices, decided that I would order the "Endless Shrimp" (knowing she would eat the salad and some of the shrimp that came with it) and she ordered  the lobster pizza. The rolls of course are the main draw for me at RL, and I was good and only devoured one! Grandma took one bite of the lobster pizza and decided she didn't like it and sent it back and ordered the lobster mushrooms she had enjoyed in August. While waiting for those, she ate the salad and some of my fried shrimp and some really tasty and very fattening shrimp pasta thing. When her mushrooms arrived, she decided she was no longer really hungry, took one bite and sent those back too! Our waiter was great. I mean super great. When she advised it was her 87th birthday (her actual b-day was about a week away) he asked what dessert she would like "on the house". He ended up comping us a dessert and took both the pizza and mushrooms off the bill. I tipped him HUGE for all of his patience and accommodations and seriously wanted to hug him for being so great. All in all, this must be my favorite RL location and I am grateful for the times I get to spend with my Grandma!
4	As a creature of habit or maybe a new tradtion, Mom, Grandma and I had dinner here my first night in Phoenix. Yes, Grandma had a coupon and yes, I tipped behind her, but the service and food were good and those cheddar biscuits are still the bomb. Long live this RL location!
4	Can I just say that after years of discriminating, I finally caved and ate at a Red Lobster.  Of course, this was due to taking my 78 year old mom out shopping.She wanted Red Lobster and I obliged.  I bet her that 70% of the people would be 60 and over in the place and she disagreed.  I was right.  So what though. It was a very good meal.I thought the Creamy Potato Bacon Soup was excellent.Good iced tea that was not watered down.I had the Peach BBQ Grilled Shrimp and the Bacon Wrapped Scampi and it was very much worth the $15.95 price.The biscuits.....OMG!I could have eaten 12 and had no problem.  I ate 4 and settled.Don't knock the Lobster!
3	shrimp was a bit fishy tasting-alfredo was tasteless---Normally one of my favorite places to eat--service was great--cheddar bay biscuits were great, just disappointed in food.
3	The hubs and I had a gift card and finally got to use it on a date night. It was my first time eating seafood since I was pregnant and I was excited. The food was decent. We split an entree. Our grilled shrimp were cold and the waitress was very quick to get us new, very warm shrimp to replace the cold ones. It wasn't a terrible dining experience, but it definitely wasn't the best. The cheddar biscuits shouldn't be the best thing you eat there.
5	Yesterday, September 19th, I decided to go and eat lunch at Red Lobster. I knew I would have a delicious lunch, but I never knew I would meet one of the few "beautiful" people I've ever seen.  I was quickly escorted to my seat and was asked what I wanted to drink.  Within a few minutes, my drink was brought to me by the most beautiful young man I have ever seen.  Talk about one way for a restaurant to get more business, just hire guys that look like this.  He was so charming and could have been a model.  He came to my table and took my order with a huge smile on his face.  This guy was tall, dark, handsome and charming.  He had the curliest dark hair a slight beard, gorgeous eyes and a smile for every moment.  He was so kind and considerate.  I finally put my order in and I received it in a proper amount of time.  The food was delicious and before I was finished, my beautiful waiter came by and asked how the cocktail sauce was, since I had not eaten any of it, so I told him I had some health problems and had to watch what I ate.  He was very understanding.  At the end of the meal and after I had paid the bill, he came to my table with that smile and held his hand out to me.  Now, I thought he was just being charming and wanted to shake my hand, so I shook his hand and said it was nice meeting him and he was so charming, BUT, as I sat watching television last night, I realized he was probably going to help me get up.  Since I've been married for 38 years and never have had that kind of treatment, I really feel stupid now.  Anyway,  I highly suggest this Red Lobster.  Not only because of this gorgeous young man, who did not have on a wedding ring for you single ladies and was probably in his late 20s or early 30s, but for the food and restaurant itself.
1	I've never had a meal here that didn't result in diarrhea afterward. Nothing more needs to be said.
3	Big disappointment - looking forward to lobster rolls but they're no longer on the menu.  What I noticed was that the restaurant appeared cold and uninviting. After a recent remodel the place was dark and drab.  And the lobby was actually cold   No need to settle for another dish when there are plenty of other restaurants close by on Bell Road.  So I'm outta here...
2	This Red Lobster used to be very good. It has gone way downhill over the past 5-7yrs. Back in 2005-2006 the food was very good. I usually would get the Seafood platter, Flounder, Shrimp Linguini Alfredo or  Seaside Shrimp Trio. My wife always got the Crab Liguini Alfredo or Salmon. The last time we went was over a year ago. We thought we would give it another chance. Getting a table is never a problem, as this place is never really packed except on Mother's Day or Valentine's Day. Back in 2005 we would have to wait. We always get the cheesy biscuits and water/beer or soda right away. The cheesy biscuits is still the best thing on their menu.The water tastes like filters sink water, which is horrible. I couldn't even drink it. We got the Lobster Pizza and Lobster-Artichoke-and-Seafood Dip for appetizers.  Pizza was a little dry, but not too bad. The artichoke dip was still good. We got our salad after the appetizer. Why are their salads so watery? It's like they rinse off the lettuce and just drop it into the bowl. Then add the chicken and Caesar dressing. Half the lettuce was soggy or was too wet. Blah!! My wife ordered the Crab Linguini and I got the Seaside Shrimp Trio. The portion size of these meals have shrunk considerably. It seemed like I was missing at least 1/3 of my shrimp that I usually get. Some of the shrimp was tough to chew and not succulent like it should be. My wife did not like the Crab Linguini. Said it tasted funny. The crab may have been frozen or something, but she had eaten it many, many times in the past and it wasn't as good this time. It was bad enough we had to wait well over 30 mins to get our food. Then we had to wait awhile to get our drinks refilled. It just wasn't a good experience. The last 2 times we had been there wasn't much better. We decided to not go to Red Lobster anymore. At least not to any in Arizona. Stay away from this Red Lobster. The food quality has dropped over the past 6 years.
1	First, I would have given this place zero (0) stars if possible. However, seeing as that is not the case, it gets one. The restaurant was remodeled and hardly recognizable once inside. The decor was great considering it is a Red Lobster. The compliments cease here.When my family arrived, the greeter said nothing to us. She simply stood behind her station and looked at us. I took advantage of the delay so that my son could use the restroom. However, once we arrived out of the restroom, my fiance was still standing there waiting to be helped. I asked what was taking so long and the greeter said that she was waiting for someone to seat us. First impression was off to a great start, but I let it slide thinking that the restaurant was not prepared for the afternoon rush.Once seated, the waitress took forever to get to us. Roughly fifteen (15) minutes passed before she returned to ask what we wanted to drink. By this time, we knew exactly what we wanted for the rest of our visit. About ten (10) minutes later, the waitress returned with our drinks, but somehow my fiance's drink was left at the bar. I am not even sure how this was the case considering it was a variety of iced tea. She said she would be right back with it...My son, in the mean time, had to use the bathroom again. It took roughly ten (10) to fifteen (15) minutes for him to do his business. When we returned, the waitress was still M.I.A. About five (5) minutes later, she returned with our salads, but no drink for my fiance. To add insult to injury, the salad was warm. Furthermore, the waitress, upon being told that she left my fiance's drink at the bar, laughed and said, "I'll get it in a minute." Following this, and noting that the other waitresses/waiters were tending to their guests, we promptly got up and walked out. This was a complete waste of our time (nearly an hour of waiting for food and over an hour total). This is only the second time I have walked out on a restaurant having eaten nothing. Obviously, I will not return.
4	I love Red Lobster.  I haven't been to this location in a long time... but I happened to crave some nice snow crab, so we headed out.  We went on a Sunday afternoon at about 4. The waiting area was starting to fill up and they told us it would be some 10 minutes or so, and they were correct.  Walk back to the back of the restaurant where we were seated... there were a ton of empty tables, yet a bunch of people waiting??  I can only figure they do this so the kitchen and staff aren't overloaded all at once.They do have an allergen menu!  Lucky me, they had plenty of things that are gluten free for my Celiac afflicted body. :)  But I just wanted the snow crab, which was amazing by the way.
5	My Mom, daughter and I walked in at 7:15 PM and absolutely no waiting. Sat down right away and waiter was right there welcoming us.  Ask for Rudy...very friendly and great service. 4 course meal for $15.99....amazing!! Clam chowder, garden salad, shrimp and scallop Alfredo and triple chocolate brownie a la mode....YUM. Mango Mai Tai was awesome...great dinner and girls night out couldn't ask for a better night :-)
5	Definitely had a great meal for the first time in a long time at a "chain" restaurant! Our Red Lobster visits at other locations were awful, bad food and bad service, but today that all changed here! Chris B., our server was on his A-game and made our visit wonderful and it was a nice way to start the new year :) Food was fresh and hot and he had our drinks taken care of before we could even ask! Today really changed my mind about my previous feelings about Red Lobster, thanks Chris! And not to mention, I sure missed those cheddar biscuits!
3	I actually only recently paid my first visit to Red Lobster as I have just begun to enjoy seafood.I enjoyed my experience, although I was expecting a little more. The appetizer we had was awesome, but our entrees were just OK. The service could have been better and I wasn't that impressed with the atmosphere. I did enjoy my meal even though I didn't love it and I probably will be back to see if they can impress me yet!
3	This wasn't a particularly awful experience, our waiter was great, but the wait was very long and service was slow (not really our server's fault.) but the whole establishment seemed to be a little bit understaffed for a weekend night.I can't really give this place more than 3 stars because my fish and chips was particularly disappointing. The rest of my family was pleased with their meal, but not really impressed, and for the price, I would have hoped it was a little bit more impressive.Oh, and also there that's part where no matter what location I go to, Red Lobster always seems to make my ill in some way. But your mileage may vary.Take it or leave it, it's chain seafood.  Not bad, but not great.
3	Middle of the road is all I can. I want to love Red Lobster, I see their commercials for All you can eat shrimp, or Lobsterfest and start drooling and think to myself, we have to go there that looks GREAT!Every time I go I am more and more disappointed. The wait times are always long even for a chain food restaurant.The meals are always sub-par for what I am paying. I don't expect San Francisco melt in your mouth 200.00 a plate goodness, but I do expect something more decent besides chewy lobster tail.The service is OK, our waiter was really nice this last time, but I just wasn't overly thrilled with everything else.All in all I believe Red Lobster (this location and the Metro Center Location I can attest to) should revisit their menu and kitchen prep as a whole. With all of the competition out there now putting forth some effort would be worth their while.I would find somewhere else to eat if I were you.
5	This Red Lobster location is near our Lincare oxygen provider and so we stopped-in for lunch today.  It is our first time to dine at this Red Lobster.  It was a 5-star experience -- from the food, to the service, to the atmosphere, to the well-managed operation.  The best part, besides excellent food, was our waiter.  His name is Chris and he is a most excellent waiter, and I say waiter because he was much more than the average server.  He knew the menu extremely well and was able to answer our questions in great detail and assist us with making tasty/healthy selections.  My husband and I highly recommend this location and hope to return soon.  We will be asking if Chris can once again serve us!
4	It's great service and food for the price. They really do seem to take pride for a chain restaurant. I have never had a bad experience at a Red Lobster and this one is no different. Quality and value for money
2	REVIEW WRITTEN BY SOMEONE WHO MADE THIER LIVINF FISHING, I CAUGHT MY OWN SHRIMP!I had their shrimp feast.  So sad, the shrimp are small, bait shrimp were I came from, to dry landers, medium frozen shrimp.  It was all water soaked, mushy and without flavor.  It is so sad, I have found very little good there, other then the live lobster, BUT, my standards are very very high.  In THIER defense,  I am in the desert, and Red Lobster is not a gourmet restaurant, I am being hard on them.The wait staff was great, everything else I I joyed very much.
4	The experience was absolutely delightful. Our server Keith made us feel welcome and appreciated.  This is so uncommon from most restaurants.  I'm pretty sure the ladies at the table were blushing from his kindness.  The food was made to perfection.  I can't believe we had dessert too.. If you go for dinner ask for Keith.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Just had dinner here with the family and the food was good but the service was amazing and it takes a lot for me to say that. If you go sit in James section he is fabulous and I will be back just for him.
3	We just sort of ended up here.   This one is full of the old folks with coupons and oxygen tanks from Sun City. Dinner here starts at 3:00PM.  We usually sit at the bar and just enjoy some appetizers and drinks.  They have some decent mixed drinks and some tasty apps.  The bartenders are great and appreciate when young'uns like us show up.    There's always better seafood out there, but in a pinch Red Lobster is solid and will suffice.
4	A friend and I met for dinner at this Red Lobster yesterday.  Meeting at 5:30pm, I was prepared to wait a while for a table, but we were pleasantly surprised to be seated right away.  Our waitress, Lisa, was delightful.  She helped us make our dinner selections, and we were very happy with her recommendations.  The lobster mac and cheese is definitely a winner!My friend and I have not seen each other in a while and had a lot of catching up to do.  We didn't leave the restaurant until 9pm. During that time,  I was careful to keep an eye on the dining area to see if other customers were waiting for a table, but that was not an issue.  Plenty of available tables and booths for customers.  We never felt rushed or pressured to leave.  We were able to relax and enjoy our dinner and   conversation.
4	Always great at this location!Just got the broiled trio so I don't get too much fried food.Waiter is amazing. We have two kids with us so we needed to order quickly and he took care of everything and got us out in 20 minutes. This place is great!The only reason they're not getting five stars is because Red Lobster does tend to be a bit pricey for what you get.
4	I try something new every time we come here, but I always make sure to get some tasty lobster.  I love how the menu isn't too large, but always manages to stay fresh with new seasonal things going in and out.The cheddar biscuits are wonderful and all of the dishes are cooked to perfection.  The lobster bisque here is absolutely to die for.  It's just as good as the bisque from any five star restaurant I've been to.  We had the stuffed mushrooms last time we were there and oh my goodness they were delicious.The wait time is usually reasonable when we come here and the people at the front are always pleasant.  The only - and I mean only - issue I have with this place, is the waitresses.  The two waiters we've had now were absolutely delightful, but the waitresses were not!  They were forgetful, had bad timing and borderline rude.  I actually had to wait 20 minutes for a refill on water once which cost her a tip.  The other waitress totally forgot about us after serving our dinner and we had to ask someone else for to go boxes.  I told them I specifically wanted to tip the cooks and not the waitress as the food was wonderful and she was not.And on a last note, my son will eat absolutely anything from here which is a miracle seeing as he's a picky eater.
3	I'm Asian-  so I'm pretty familiar with seafood and how fresh it should taste.  There were good and bad things at this Red Lobster.Pros- * The trio pick 3 for 15.99 was good.  (My son enjoyed that)* The biscuits are always on point* Our waiter (Rob) was great!!!! No issues with him at allCons* Wait time was horrible!  So many open seats yet everyone waits a long time!* The Admiral platter was not tasty.  Long John Silver tasted better.* Special drink we ordered tasted more like thick syrup on ice and one little shot of amaretto did the drink no justice* Way OVER priced for mediocre seafood.  * Portions were very small and falsely advertised!!!  So disappointed.  Not a good experience.
2	Went here on Tuesday 7/15/14 with a party of 6.  We were seated promptly. It went downhill from there.  Was 10 min before someone came to take our drink order.  Then the biscuits were kinda burnt on the outside and very doughy in the middle.  Did not taste like the their usual biscuits.  Then we waited another 15 min. for someone to take our order.  Waitress didn't come back after we were served to see how things were.   She returned as we were finishing our meal.  We all requested to go boxes.  She came back in about 10 min. with a few boxes but not enough for all of us.  So, another delay.  Finally the check came and there were things charged on it we did not get.  Never came back to refresh our drinks.Total time spent:  2 hrs!!!!!   Server was not a people person.  No apologies for our waiting.   Won't be going back there again.   The restaurant was less than half full.
4	I know what you're thinking - Heather...you're yelp elite and you're reviewing a chain? Really? But darn it, their garlic shrimp scampi and cheddar bay biscuits are amazing. I may or may not have had excessive refills on both.I went for the endless shrimp promotion - $16.99 for all you can eat shrimp and I was NOT disappointed. I may not look it but trust me - I CAN EAT. My favorite varieties were the garlic shrimp scampi (obviously) and just the regular grilled variety. The coconut shrimp was way too sweet for my taste. As far as decor and service goes, it's on par with the other chain restaurants in the area.Overall, Red Lobster is becoming one of my favorite chains.
1	Don't come to this location with a large party.  They give you two waitresses, management takes one away and the one left is there to fend for herself.  Sherrie did an excellent job trying to pick up the pieces, but mgmt here was so rude and unhelpful.  The kitchen manager belittled someone in our party for complaining when one meal was delivered at a time, beers ordered cane 20 minutes later, and then the manager would never apologize when some of the all you can eat shrimps never got seconds.  If you're going to offer all you can eat shrimp, you better have the kitchen able to handle the extra volume.  Otherwise don't offer it.  Knew there was a reason that Olive Garden sold this brand off.
3	On a visit to Arizona, I agreed to eat here after a rave review from my sister about their Bottomless Shrimp deal ($16.99). From my sister's recommendation, my family opted for the Bottomless Shrimp, which includes endless shrimp as well as a salad and a side. You're allowed to pick two different types of shrimp dishes per round. I was surprised by the generous amount of shrimp in each dish. This red lobster is definitely not skimpy with portions. I was also surprised at how tasty the dishes were - definitely not what I was expecting from a chain. My favorite was the Parmesan shrimp but the garlic butter shrimp comes in a close second. The service, specifically our waitress, was what elevated this dining experience from a typical chain restaurant meal to an enjoyable family outing. Sheree was so accommodating and made us feel completely comfortable and taken care of. I would definitely come back and be sure to request Sheree to be my waitress!
