5	Wow! We went out in search of an early dinner Sunday evening and just happened upon this place. The menu looked interesting and the interior inviting, so we decided to put our names in for a table. Good thing we were so early, as they were completely booked from 8pm (and pretty close to full from 6pm, when they start serving). It's a bit on the expensive end of what we'd spend for a casual night out, but absolutely worth it given the quality of the food, drinks, service, and atmosphere. We didn't even look at the wine list as we were excited to try out some of the ales on tap. For a starter we had the crab claws. I think my main was described as artichoke with coco beans; its unique flavors and (mostly) fresh ingredients distracted me from the fact that the artichoke itself was probably from a jar. Green spelt salad was fresh and tasty. The portions were just small enough that we were up for splitting a dessert. We chose the syrup sponge, which was kind of like a sweet cornbread with some carmel and vanilla sauce. Very high quality and well done, just like the rest of the meal. Service was good and friendly - I don't think I've ever seen such a high waitstaff-to-customer ratio before.
3	I liked my inaugural visit, but can't give it more than three stars... yet. We only had drinks you see, so there's plenty of room for improvement ready and waiting for my first dining experience. I can attest to a sizeable range of whiskies and a good selection of Scottish beers on tap. Stockbridge has been a choice part of Edinburgh to visit and inhabit for many a year, so somewhere as nice as The S & S fits in a treat - I can well imagine it's becoming a favourite of locals and weekend perambulators. It's tucked in between the Botanic Garden, Inverleith Park, St Stephen Street and the Water of Leith, so don't overlook it if you're in the area.The decor is lovely, the staff attentive and I'm looking forward to paying another visit before too long.
5	Our 1st visit to the Scran and Scallie and we were not disappointed. We hadn't booked but the staff were very accommodating. The general atmosphere of the place is great, relaxed but bustling with conversation.Great choice of scottish lagers, beers and ales but most importantly the food was excellent. My better half ordered the Burger and chips and i had the fish and chips. Both choices were fantastic. We ended the night with the chocolate brownie with stout ice-cream, a match made in heaven. Thanks again to all the staff who couldn't have been more attentive.
5	First time here but will definitely be back. Tried to book a table but was told that the bookable half was fully booked but they do keep half the tables free for walk-ins so we went anyway. Brilliant food with a few run of the mill dishes to keep the less adventurous happy but the real stars are the changing specials. I had one of best pumpkin soups ever to start and then braised ox cheeks. They have some nice cask ales and an extensive cocktail list. Nice cosy interior (okay it was raining outside).
5	Good food, excellent service. Although due to this it's very popular so queuing should be expected, but make sure you do or book ahead ... It's worth the wait!
5	I've been to this restaurant a twice in the last month and each time the food has been spot on.  I didn't make a reservation either time (Fri & Sat nights) and the wait wasn't anything unreasonable.  I will say it's definitely harder to get a table if your party is more than 2 pp.  The fist time I went, the waitstaff was super chaotic and we waited nearly 30 min to try and flag someone down to order another glass of wine.  But, the food was out of this world so we'd figure we'd keep it on the list. The second time, however, the service was fantastic with a very friendly hostess to greet us and the waiter in the bar area making a great cocktail recommendation.  Maybe it was just a bad night the first time around.  I always have the Fish Pie, which is seasoned perfectly.  My husband usually gets what's on special and has loved each time. Definitely my neighborhood go-to for a nice Friday night!
5	Starters were 6 very fresh oysters on the half shell and roasted carrot and goat cheese salad--both excellent.  Mains were Jerusalem artichoke and barley risotto-very inventive and very very fresh. And hake w kale and white beans. Simple food expertly cooked w the natural flavors coming through .  Dessert brioche pudding.  Arrived at the table piping hot in a little skillet.  Topped with candy orange and plain ice cream and sweetenEd cream.  Not fussy, fresh, well executed and tasty.  We were fighting over the final bite!  Don't miss this place.
