4	PROS: Great selection and excellent service. They had knowledgable personnel on the floor (manager?) who was helpful.CONS: Traffic to the store (one lane) got pretty congested. Wouldn't give me a coupon that I had forgotten at home but that's not a big deal.
4	I head straight back to the clearance! That's where you'll find the best deals. You will be able to see your savings when you check out because it's calculated on your receipt. Im a huge proponent of going after summer and winter seasons to stock up for next year - boots, galoshes and sandals never go out of style.
4	I have no idea why I've lived close to this DSW for nearly a year and had never shopped here before! This week, I was looking for a very specific pair of heels, and DSW was my go to place. I found a fabulous name-brand pair at a great price. While browsing around, there was an associate who was slowly straightening shoes, but she made no effort to talk to or even smile at me (which is awkward because I smiled at her). Thankfully, the cashier was an extremely sweet and outgoing older lady, who encouraged me to sign up for their loyalty program. Though I didn't really need to sign up, she was so kind that I couldn't say no. I plan on going back very soon!
5	I've been coming to this DSW approximately every other month over the last year. The Waterfront is my go-to place when I need to do mindless wandering and shopping, and this store has been added to my regular itinerary. I came here on Friday night needing to zone out and to just try ridiculous amounts of shoes for fun. I headed back to the clearance (unusual for me!) and wow, what a selection! Seychelles summer wedges for $14... Minnetonka suede booties for $50... Both the styles and the prices were spot on! I ended up purchasing a pair of Audrey Brooke summer wedges for $12 along with some Nina silver "wedding" pumps for $30. What bargains!However, I'm not writing this review update to just talk about fab shoe finds and great deals...  The first several times that I shopped here, customer service was dismal (as mentioned in my previous review). However, the last couple times I've been here, I've seen associates as soon as I walk through the door and been quickly offered assistance. This is a significant difference from what I experienced in the past, and I just had to recognize this store for making positive changes! Keep up the good work - and the great assortment - and I'll be back often!
5	Great on line service!!!  2nd time placing an order on line and they made it easy as far as getting the correct sizes in a timely manner.
