4	Great place to shake your ass, no one cares how bad a dancer you are.  That said, there are some excellent ones too.  It's the gay & lesbian friendly bar, which means everyone is treated well.  Probably the coolest place to go clubbing - you can go as you are or wear your evening gown, regardless of your sex.
4	This place has a fun dance atmosphere. It's actually geared for the Gay community but on Thursdays a lot of striaght people go as well which is fun.
4	I remember driving to Champaign from Kankakee to go to "C street". It was worth the drive. They have a large dance floor and 3 levels you can observe the dancefloor from. When it is warm, you can hang out on the patio as well. C street is where the boys are in Champaign.
3	I went to Chester Street Bar on a Monday evening on finals' week... needless to say that the place was rather empty. In fact, there were only two other patrons and the bartender in the bar, which by the way is huge. Then the two other guys left, leaving me by myself until a creepy guy showed and, of course, decided to strike a conversation with me... But really it was fine: the bartender was very friendly, and the drinks are pretty cheap. They also have free popcorn. I'll have to check it out again on a busier night.
3	Weird, weird and more weird!Chester Street is always weird when I go there, which (because of the weirdness) is only about twice a year! I want to love it...it's a gay/straight dance club, with an extra side-bar and a patio...sounds good right? Well it has never been full when I have been there, it takes FOREVER for people to start dancing, and it tends to attract scary hicks who drive in from the boonies because they have nowhere to dance in their own little towns. It seems to attract a decent number of young folk, and old folk, but where are all the grad students and 30-somethings? I don't get it...UIUC is full of gays, and hot ones...so where do they hang out? I have another theory too.. that the really cool liberal towns are the ones that don't have great gay bars any more because if you're gay you can go anywhere and feel comfortable... we don't have to feel ghetto-ized any more... that's my theory.
4	I took my first trip to Champaign to see a couple friends' "Drag Show" this weekend, and consequently, came to the only gay bay in this college town.  Being the only gay bar in a small town, I think it is a given that it will be a bit seedy...and it was, but only a little.  I honestly had the time of my life while I was here.  I barely interacted with the 'town-folk' or the staff, so I am basing this review solely on the amount of fun that was had.  My 'girls,' Leiloni and Aurora, are known to put on an amazing, high energy show, and this was one of the best.  Aside from the outrageous show consisting of 4 Queens and 2 Kings, the music did not disappoint.  The sound was pretty fantastic, and was kept at a great volume.  The beer is cheap...and when I say cheap, I mean freaking CHEAP!  Four freaking dollars for a freaking pitcher, yes pitcher, of Miller freaking Lite.  Can you even believe it?  Wowza.  The few people I spoke to were definitely 'small town folk' but were super sweet no less.  I can't wait to go back for another show!
4	I "grew up" at Chester Street in Champaign and when I was 19-21 I would spend EVERY weekend there.  We would dance until 1 AM (the bar closing time back then) and then stand outside until 1:30 or until the cops made us move.  I spent more New Years Eves there than I care to admit and I threw up in the toilets more times than I care to admit while I was doing a MASSIVE amount of underage drinking (BOTTOM stamp anyone???).  We would drink Zima, Bacardi Silver, and Blue Fuckers every weekend and let's not forget $1.50 night....we used to drive down from Bloomington for that shit!10 years have passed since I first walked through those doors and I went back last weekend and I realized NOTHING has changed.  The twinks are still dancing on the speakers, the kids are still drinking, Tom is STILL the manager, and most of the staff hasn't changed much either even though I think Tom has fired all of them at least a dozen times.  It was almost surreal looking at all the new cliques and putting their "roles" with the roles played by my friends and I years ago.  I'm not 20 anymore so the trip to C Street wasn't followed by a trip to Perkins but instead was followed by a massive hangover the next day.  C Street helped me become who I am today and I still have many of the friends I met back then, but I'm glad I'm not a 19 year old C Street kid anymore!
5	This bar is pure vintage.  Chester Street is where my club life began.  I spent the good majority of my nights (between the ages of 19 - 22) at Chester Street.  It is still my all-time favorite club to this day as far as atmosphere, music, and engineering.  The dance floor is massive with a giant mirror in the back.  There are speakers to dance upon (or used to be), which is an added bonus.  The bars are offset from the dance floor, which alleviates any added congestion (like I see too frequently at the STL bars).  It was extremely economical at the time - I think cover was maybe $2 on the hoppin' nights, and you could easily drink yourself stupid for $20-30.  It was a hell of a lot of fun, and I am in the process of actually planning a trip back soon....long over due.  C/U is a fun town period.  C Street is a nice little gem snug in the middle of the city where people can be themselves & dance the night away to the best club/house beats.
4	This is usually the last stop of the night whenever I go out. It's definitely one of the better "party scenes" in the downtown area!
4	Hands down this place has the best hot nachos in the city!  Trust me when I say that I've tried my fair share of nachos in Champbana.   Bathroom smells a little too much like Cool Water but it doesn't really bother me.  The drinks are moderately priced and if you are there to celebrate a special occasion, I suggest you try the following drinks in this order:1. Bazooka Bubblegum Martini 2. Bahama Mama 3. Tanning Bed 4. Summer in a glass5. Flirty Blue HawaiiNow that you're a little loose, I suggest you try the dance floor.  They play the best EDM in the Champaign.  You'll hear everything from Skrillex to Napalm so get ready to get your sweat on and celebrate the night away.Parking is relatively easy . There's always parking in the rear.
5	What is this magical place you call C Street? I used to be afraid of this place as a closed-minded junior. "It's too far, I won't like the crowd" I told myself (read: I'm a straight male). But I gave it a shot one day and wow. C Street has the best DJ's and dance floor on/near campus. You can truly dance like a dying flounder and it's totally acceptable (at least late enough in the night). From what I hear from my friends who are girls, they really enjoy it because there aren't guys constantly trying to dry hump them into oblivion. If you want to let loose and get a good leg workout, go to C Street with a group of friends and let the music take control.ps. Yeah, there are still the creepers who hang at the bar and there is typically cover on the weekends, but it is still exponentially better than any other dance bar in CU.
2	So I come here just about every Tuesday to have a drink after work but before I jump on the train home. It's usually fine. The bartender, Andrew is a bit chatty but nice. He is usually hanging out with some guy who I assume is his BF but never an issue. Today I go in the BF is tending bar. Decides he is gonna be a jerk; no manners. I leave.Clearly, business is so good, especially on week days that providing good (or even average service) is no longer part of the job. Must be rolling in the tips too. Anyway, plenty of other bars that would be happy to have my money. Cheers!
4	The drag shows are AWESOME and the music is usually great for dancing. The drinks are good, and the beer selection is okay. I took a star off because the bartenders have been rude every time I've gone and because the drinks and the cover are a little expensive for what you're getting. Overall it's a cool place with a great vibe. I wouldn't go unless there's a drag show though, when there aren't any it can be kind of boring. There are also a LOT of under 21 kids there which was great when I was 21 and 22 because I had some 19 and 20 year old friends. Now I find that the age group is a little young for me when I do go.Edit: I will add that I still think the drag shows are worth the 2 hour drive from where I live. If I were closer I would probably go more often.
1	Hey C-Street. I was really looking forward to hearing Alexander spin some spooky music last night. I was there for a number of hours during his posted set times and heard nothing that I wouldn't expect to hear on top 40 radio. Alex kept saying he hoped to get back on the decks but it didn't happen while I was there.I paid money to enter last night for one reason only, I wanted to hear the music I enjoy. I bought numerous drinks to support the bar, I even bought some jello shots despite my better judgement. I know how this is supposed to work! I spent years working at goth/industrial clubs in the Bay Area, a friend runs the longest continually operating goth/industrial club in the United States, our community used to have a vibrant scene in town and I think it could again but not if venues bump 'our' night for frat parties and pull stunts like last night's.
4	Packed. Lovely. The bar is full and the drinks are strong. The music is loud and the people are...well..cute. lol Or usually not. But that's just me. Clean the floors. Remodel the bathrooms. Keep on GETTIN it with the drag shows.
5	Cash only bar with a $3-$5 cover, depending on the night. I'm a fan of the Drag Shows every Sunday night.
