3	When I saw this listed in the Vegas Yellow Pages, I knew I had to check it out. Nice settings. Very southern right down to your beverages being served in a mason jar ala the Po Folks chain. Rolls were warm but overcooked on the bottom. Sauce wasn't very thick. Almost watery-like. That surprised me for Memphis style BBQ. Then again, what I had wasn't exactly Memphis. I wondered why on the menu they called Pulled Pork 'Pork Shoulder'. Turns out the only thing pulled was the credit card out of my wallet. It's actually chopped pork and not bad chopped pork but that's more Carolina style. So was the slaw since it was in some kind of Vinaigrette. The 'Red Beans and Rice' were really more like Red Bean Soup than anything else. Again, not bad. Just not what I was expecting. Ribs are clearly their specialty and I had to try them. Ribs came wet. I guess if you want it dry you have to ask for it and that is the true Memphis way. First order ribs were chewy and tough and I explained that to the waitress, who was superb. She returned my order of 3 ribs with a totally new order of 4. Which were much better and had a very distinctive smoky taste in it. Easily the best thing on the menu. But it's still frustrating they didn't get it right the first time.Ribs do come with seasoning insteading giving you a container of 'Magic Dust' instead to coat it with on your table and also to probably see if you'll buy some. Seasoning is good but I've had better.Overall, a decent place but far from true Memphis BBQ. More like MemCarBQ instead.
2	Craving a slab of juicy flavourful ribs I opted for 3 time world champion Memphis Champ BBQ. Unfortunately the meats were suprisingly dry, tough and often unexceptional. I sampled the wings(ok) the brisket (dry), ribs (reasonable) fried pickles(strange but good) , onion chips(very good)Nice to get away from the maddening crowds, service was friendly and helpful, sadly food quality needs to be watched more closely.
1	I found the food here to be positively awful.  I went because I saw a Food Channel show on BBQ culture in the South, and it gave me a craving that this place cured, but did not satisfy. Yuck.
1	Boo, this place sucks.  My boss who loved Taco Ole also loved it here.  She ws a nice lady, but I think her taste buds were built from poop sandwiches.There's not much to elaborate on other than to say that nothing I've ever had from here has been good.  Some of it was close to not edible.  And it's sad because REAL Memphic style BBQ is amazing.  This is a really poor approximation thereof.
