1	horrible service. do NOT go before any event at consol, especially pens games. not equipped, size or staff wise, to handle crowd & crowd is there either for, or to go, to the game.  No turnover of tables.when entered we were put on the waiting list as #2. 30+min later saw 2 tables be seated?!?!  some how we were moved to #3. When i asked hastess she asked the guy that created the waiting list, "she thinks she was #2." Meanwhile hostess was right there when we came in & were put on the list, the guy with the list now said that "nancy" was really here b4 us & she needed to be added to the list. so on a busy night they remember everyone's name that checks in, waiting for a table? The hostess didn't remeber anything but this guy remembered eveyone? This same guy then told me  that there were other places to go & that they didn't need our business. certainly never will get my business being this disrespectful to customers & questionable honesty.
2	This is another of of those, "If it wasn't for the convenient location, I doubt it would exist" kind of places. Of course the location I'm referring to is about a block away from the Consol Energy Center, home of the NHL's best franchise (no debate necessary).After witnessing an amazing come-from-behind Penguins win, I followed a small crowd in here for a post-game drink. I first thought the outside sign said "Cafe Filth," which immediately made me go "Huh?" However, once I went inside I realized my silly error, but decided to stay anyway.There's not a whole lot to say about this place...standard beer selections, generic decor, decent service and enthusiastic crowd. When it comes down to it, I think there are only two reasons to pop in: to celebrate a win or drown your sorrows after a loss. Other than that, move along.
4	Great neighborhood bar for before/after games. Very good food. Not the best, but it's a bar. If you want a fancy restaurant, this is clearly not a good option, but if you want a good meal before the game or concert and some drinks with good prices, this is a very good option around CONSOL Energy Center.
4	This is a nice little place in which to grab a beer or a bite to eat before an event at the Consol Energy Center. I like their popcorn shrimp and wings best. The prices are affordable, and the service is always good. Recommended.
