2	I don't like this Dunkin Donuts at all. You make your own coffee and drinks, very much like at QT. Well I guess I'm lazy, but there's just something I love about DD east coast style, you walk up, ask for a coffee and that's what you get, a delicious, already-made-with-cream-and-sugar cup of coffee handed to you. Not here. Also they sell nothing but donuts, muffins and bagels, no sandwiches. Pretty much a disappointment to me.
4	Maybe it's just because I hadn't ever been to a Dunkin Donuts before, but I liked their little setup.  It was quick to get in and out, even on one of the most crowded days of the year.I had the Milky Way hot chocolate on a relatively cold Phoenix day, and it was really, really good.  A little bit of caramel, a little bit of chocolate... I couldn't have asked for anything more.
3	I have to admit that I kind of like the idea of a donut place on Mill Avenue. The store itself is small......it's more of a 'strip' than a full store if that makes any sense. It's a donut rack and cash register on the left....and a large self-serve coffee/beverage area on the right. And that's about it. But I walked in, got two donuts, and was out in a jiffy. And there's nothing wrong with that.
4	It's the little things that count. I was craving a chocolate something and the starbucks failed me. Walked across the street for a splurge on a cake donut and a little childhood nostalgia and was sad to settle for donut holes - no choco donuts available. Still, the gal gave me five for the price of four, they satisfied the craving and the nostalgia. Can't beat that with a stick starbucks.
5	OHH NOEZ I HAZ TO MAKE MY OWN KOFEE! was my first impression after walking into this Dunkin Donuts location. But once i got over it i actually loved the idea, that i can have my favorite coffee my way. My only complaint is the parking situation, it sucks... but that's Mill avenue for you!
1	The only thing that brings me to this place is starvation. It is either Jack in the Box, Starbucks or Dunkin within walking distance for breakfast when I am running to late to work to make my own. I have visited this location 3 times, and each time I leave I want to punch myself in the face for going.Here are the reasons why I will eat my shoe before venturing to Dunkin Donuts again:You make your own coffee - Doesn't sound so bad right?  WRONGOn each of my 3 visits they have been out of almost everything (coffee, creamer, sugar, straws). When I ask the counter worker to refill the coffee she sighed, and then disappeared in back for 10 minutes. The back room is the size of a large closet.. What could possibly take so long?Hygiene! I saw a man sneeze in to his coffee, and then get a refill touching his cup to the spout on the coffee machine. Gross. The counters are filled with trash and spillage. They charge you more for ice coffee. This is ridiculous. It is the same coffee they brew, then let cool. Why does that cost more? A man walks in and asks what size the 50 cent coffee is. The girl looks at him and says "it says it on the sign". She is either to dumb to remember or a serious smart ass. Do yourself a favor. DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION.
2	I appreciated that the line moved fast and all, but I did my shit backward, so I bought my coffee then went to go fill it up.  All flavors were gone but decaf.  I thought, fuck it, you know, maybe it's a blessing in disguise.  Maybe decaf won't make me have to take a dump halfway between Dunkin Donuts and work.Plus, I was running late and could not wait for those mammoth coffee makers to be ready.Alas, the decaf tasted pretty damn closely to teriyaki sauce.  Yeah.  It was like drinking the drippings of a Chinese food platter.
4	This is a great DD!.I am there usually before 6:30am and the line is usually very short.When there is a line, the staff works hard to try and get people in and out with their delicious coffee (and donuts if you eat those).When I get a dozen or two donuts for the office, their boxes of dozen ready to go and a big help!
4	this is a great spot for coffee and donuts among the madness that is mill avenue!coffee has always been freshly brewed when i go there and served with a smile!
1	No DD here.  It's gone.  I apparently can't find an actual DD near ASU
