4	Ok, tucked away in a little known shopping center, this restaurant doesn't seem like it would be worth the hassle, but take the chance. I was skeptical at 1st that a restaurant in a strip mall would have good food, but I judged too quickly.They have southern fare, italian, american, etc, & everything I've had is pretty darn good. They have a different menu for each day of the workweek, & that means new specials each day. The meatloaf is well worth it & so is the turkey/dressing special.The crowd is either the work crowd or an older crowd, but they know good food & the place is usually quite full. I've never had to wait long for a table so it makes this a quick lunch outing for those on the clock.So don't judge too quickly on the Tryon House, because pretty much any type of food you enjoy, they'll have it.
3	Pretty standard diner fare, I was pleasantly surprised. I had been a little skeptical, but it's pretty clear that this place knows what they can do and don't try to exceed that. I stopped in for a quick meal and had the standard diner order - cheeseburger and fries. The burger was about 1/3 of a pound cooked properly with a slice of american cheese on top. Plenty of shredded lettuce and mayo and a perfect large slice of tomato. Crinkle cut fries were good with the ketchup. All in, less than $10.As I was leaving, another table was delivered the fried fish. Aside from the "fried" part, it looked good. As did the dessert case.I'll be back!
4	Any restaurant with a daily meat-and-two is my kind of place! Sweet tea and cornbread- what's not to love?Only the locals seem to know about Tryon House. It's location a block off Woodlawn probably doesn't help, but they don't seem to be hurting.This is another of CLT's many Greek-owned establishments. A lot of the menu is similar to a dozen others in town. That said, as a group these guys seem to have completely figured out the comfort food biz. After a rough day/week/month, this is the first place we head.Meals come with complementary soup. More than once I've found myself wishing I hadn't ordered a meal at all and just gotten a bucket of that stuff.Personally, I'm a fan of the chicken parmesan. Enough food to feed a linebacker and right tasty. My wife's favorite is the pasta with garlic and grilled chicken. She always manages to get a lunch out of the leftovers, too.They'll ask if you want bread or cornbread. Get the cornbread. It's some of the best you'll get in this kind of place.This is our place for family gatherings. They've got a big room and the staff seems to take groups with squirming kids in stride. It can get noisy if you're near the room, but not to the point of distraction.The staff is old-school diner friendly. Good chance you'll get called "sweetie" at least once.About the only problem I have with this place is the cost. More than once I've had an OMG! moment at checkout. That's mostly our fault (the chicken parm I love is about the most expensive thing on the menu), but the 7.95's and 8.95's on the specials menu do seem to add up awfully fast when there are three or four of you.
4	I am completely a fan of this hidden gem!!  I was here Sunday for some hangover breakfast/lunch and it was full of church-goers - older crowd and families but what a great place.  I dont think I have been to a place in Charlotte where I think I am getting a great deal on great food - this is definitely that place!!The meal comes with a complimentary soup to start which was a little cup of chicken and rice - very tasty.  I was dared into trying the hamburger steak which came with two sides (I got mac and cheese and fried okra) all for $7.95.  Everything was fantastic and so much food I couldnt finish it.  My friend got the special - baked spaghetti for $7.95 and it was also AWESOME!!!  This is a place I would definitely take my parents while in town - maybe it isnt a place for a romantic date...you get the idea.  Service was great - definitely a repeat place for me!
1	We asked our rental car shuttle driver for a nearby good reataraunt, this was his suggestion.We found that there were NO fresh vegetable options, nearly everything was fried and loaded with grease. I would compare this with any cheap roadside diner in California except with a southern menu......The server was pleasant, but she could offer no help as to what to order as she was vegetarian and had not eaten much from the menu.Not so good for dinner, maybe better for hangover breakfasts
3	Tryon House is a typical southern style diner. The food is well prepared and inexpensive. I am a big fan of fried southern foods, and we all know frying isn't exactly about the freshest foods. Tryon House does a nice job by frying their foods in hot oil and allowing the food to crisp perfectly.The atmosphere is a normal southern church-type crowd. My biggest disappointment with Tryon House was the frozen veggies. I can make frozen vegetables and put some butter and salt on them at home. If you're in the mood for run-of-the-mill southern diner food, Tryon house is affordable and well put together. You won't be surprised with bad food. You also won't be blown away.
3	Good!
4	Another Favorite of a friend, so we had dinner here last night.  This was my first time even seeing this place.  Many times my friend told me before we arrived that we would be the youngest patrons there, which I guess means I won't be falling in Love tonight.  First we had "Soup"! Chicken and Dumplings just like my grandmother used to make was the complimentary Soup last night.  The soup gets 5 stars for that kind of soup!  My friend (the other One) had the Greek Burger...it looked good, Onion, Tomato, Feta, wrapped in a Pita, wrapped in foil.  The Fried Squash was good, thin batter, though slightly over cooked or over warmed 3.2 stars.  My Spaghetti was well drained though as usual for these diner type places over soaked, so the pasta gets 3.2 stars.  The meat Sauce had great flavor (better than MOST Italian restaurants for half the price) and great consistency (not watery thin) though there could have been more of it and it was very low on meat, still gets 3.8 stars.  The Greens had very good flavor and had bites of  Onions cooked in with, nice touch!The service was GREAT!  All of the Staff were friendly and seemed GLAD to be there!How do you get on TWO of my play lists with one song?  Play Blondie! !  !  That's How!
4	Excellent prices. Decent food. Nice staff. Clean and friendly.
4	We have had breakfast here a ton, and its cheap and good. But last night we decided to have dinner and I think we madea  good choice. I got the Philly Cheesesteak and it was good! The bun was fresh and stood up to the steak without getting soggy or falling apart! Wife got the grilled cheese with bacon....great tasting plamento cheese only thing could have been hotter. But overall great taste. Fries or also good but don't get the onion rings they are  not good at least this day. Server was great and made sure we had drinks and even gave us a to go cup!! Check it out for a cheap dinner
4	I came here due to jet lag coming from Hong Kong. Walking in, it seemed very homey. And from rumors, their biscuits were delicious so from up top I was thinking of ordering biscuits.I ordered their Tryon House Breakfast Special which came with 2 eggs, Sausage links, bacon, liver mush, or sausage patties and a choice of toast or buttermilk biscuits and  hash browns. I got the sausage links (3) and a nice over easy style eggs with toast. This all was 4.75 which is pretty cheap considering all that you were getting. I must say their buttermilk biscuits were pretty scrumptious, with the butter even still inside the biscuit soaking in to make that fluffy creamy taste of the biscuit. (I ordered their gravy biscuits on the side which was 2.75 and it was pretty good.)The service was definitely good, especially since it's a southern type of restaurant, they definitely show you the southern hospitality that you usually get in these restaurants. I think this place is a great place for breakfast/lunch if you're in the area, but for me it's a little too far out there. At least if I'm in the area I'll know where a good breakfast spot is!Overall, as I said: Cheap, Good food, Great service. What else could you ask for?
5	Great affordable food, our waiter was very attentive and kind
4	Great lunch spot, been there three times now and it is consistently good. A meat and two vegetables at a reasonable price and excellent service with a smile. They also provide a cup of the "soup of the day" to sample before you order. The pintos are always tasty. You will not be disappointed.
4	Breakfast was good.  Hubby had the breakfast.  I had grill chicken salad. it had a very generous piece of grilled chicken that I could not even finish it.  It was good. Must try the Belgium waffee next time. It looked huged.  The service was good.The Interior is very nice.  Will be back again !
4	Friendly,fast good breakfast - right price.Music overhead 3 Dog Night- "momma told me not to come" Coming next time thru town!
5	Good food, good service.... Ordered the 10oz. Ribeye steak with fried okra and a side of Mac & cheese... Greeted with prompt service and warm chicken and rice soup... Moments later we received our drinks and after some cornbread, warm and well made cornbread. Approximately 10 minutes later we received our food. Prices are low and portions are fit for two.
4	Come here for breakfast!!! It is nothing fancy but if you're looking for a great meal for a nice price Tryon House is the place to go. Get there early because this place get busy on the weekends for breakfast.
4	Actually a really good place for breakfast! Not been there for anything other than breakfast, so my review is limited to that only.Good size portions, decent quality, fast, friendly service at reasonable prices. What more could you want?Recommended!
3	Literally the Closest tie for best Pecan waffle ever, as a matter of fact I wish I hadn't inhaled it so fast and had photos because it was amazing!! I had the huge breakfast plate here which came with a choice of Waffle or Pancakes, Three eggs, and Choice of Sausage or Bacon.....I have to say ive have 'huger' deals but the quality was still good and tasty.  The only thing I did not like was the fake scrabble egg stuff that they use, I COULD be wrong but I have eatin alot of eggs and something wasn't right about them they also had no seasoning.  Overall its a fun local place that could use a little sprucing to their menu but overall I can complain.xoxo
4	Sunday morning breakfast, I brought my daughter and we dug in. It's not high end food, this is short order and they still do a great job of it.My daughter ordered the Western omelet with hash browns. A lot of eggs, a lot of potatoes, this is a full size meal. I got the pecan waffle with a side of eggs. The waffle had a ton of pecans in it and was light and fluffy and crunchy and doughy in all the right places.Good food. We'll be back!
3	This was my first visit here and I must say for it to have been during the lunch rush with a party of over 20 the staff did an excellent job!!! There's tons of variety here so I'm sure that no matter what you're craving you can find something you'd like. The meals all start with soup. Today's was baked potato and it was pretty tasty. Very creamy with nice chucks of potatoes and good flavors....I could have had a second cup! For lunch I ordered the fish sandwich, it comes with slaw but I substituted that for fries. The sandwich was just okay. Don't get me wrong they piled on the fish, but I was missing the seasoning. It was just a little to bland for my taste buds. I found myself using more ketchup, hot sauce and tarter sauce than I'd of liked. The fries were pretty average...I ate them but they just didn't "wow" me.For now, I'm just OK with Tryon House. But I was able to see lots of their other items (sandwiches, salads and burgers) so I know this place has potential. Yep. I'm definitely coming back to try more menu items especially the breakfast options...so stay tuned for an update!
4	Love this place! Good prices! The food is really good and the portions are huge. Average diner comfort food done well. The owners are Greek so they know what's up! I've had breakfast (best pecan waffles in CLT) lunch (steak salad comes with fries on it) and dinner (meatball sub is authentic as it gets). Their only downfall is they don't handle volume well and the staff gets stressed. You can wait awhile for drink refills and the check if they are busy. The food is worth it!
5	Perfect breakfast spot! Delicious food and quick excellent service. Super friendly :) as soon as you walk it's a homey feeling from the get go. We got the western omelette, waffles, pancakes, and meat lovers omelette. Everything was fantastic. Even the orange juice was great. I made the mistake of getting a small. Here's your advice! GET THE LARGE! So good. Totally worth the visit.
3	Strangely, you may think, the Tryon House is nowhere near Tryon - it's located near South Boulevard. There was one off 51 (the original, so far as I know, is located off Tryon in the Northeast of Charlotte, but this most definitely isn't it).Instead, this is a newfangled meat-and-two style diner, in a relatively new strip mall - but it's not all that new, either. In reality, it's a decade or more old, but it's definitely not an old-style diner.Once inside, it's definitely friendly, but it's because of the warm welcome of the staff, and not an old building. Unfortunately, like many places, they tend to forget about you after the first few minutes, so if you're in a rush, you might want to go elsewhere.After you get your food, it is decent enough - certainly nothing to write home about, but it will do in a pinch. Just no surprise, and there are plenty of others all around town that will give you almost the same thing at almost the same price.
3	For breakfast the service was excellent. Although we did not order a big meal the food was good reasonably priced arrived very quickly. Cannot rate more as we did not order a huge biscuit and gravy breakfast.
5	Needed breakfast in a pinch and this place hits the spot. Pancakes fluffy, hash browns crisp and grits creamy. Coffee is good too. Would definitely come here again.
5	Excellent lunches..ruebens delish...great service...friendly...Bobby the best waiter...good prices too....
4	There should be more of these types of restaurants. For those of us who eat out a lot, dining becomes more of a practical experience, and this place could be my "go to" place everyday if I lived closer.
5	Excellent food, excellent service, reasonable prices. This locally owned family restaurant is a can't miss. The service is friendly and prompt and the owners are typically in the restaurant ensuring their guests are happy and full. We have tried several dishes and been happy each time.
5	If Cheers was a diner, it might look like this.  It's the kind of place where there are lots of regular customers and they know you by name.  I walked by three of their staff on the way to be seated and each gave me a warm welcome.Great diner food and the service is excellent.  Waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  I ordered the eggs and sausage with cottage cheese. The food came out quickly but there was no rush to get me out of there.  I'll definitely be back again.  No doubt they will soon be greeting me by name.
4	Try the breakfast, it is cheap and good, that is a simple as I can break it down.
5	Great local place for breakfast!   Traditional breakfast specials at a great price and my favorite eatery ANYWHERE for livermush and grits!
3	Food came out fast, friendly staff. Breakfast was good but I think it was precooked. Came out too fast to be cooked by order. Otherwise was good.
5	This has been my family's favorite casual restaurant for most of my life. They treat my grandmother like a queen, excitedly greeting her by name when she walks in everytime, whether she is alone or with company. The food is always as good as a home cooked meal, and the servers stay for years, if not decades. The family that runs it has always been exceptionally friendly. The prices are not bad at all. I always take out of towners here. There are not many places in town anymore that are this reliable and personal every time.
