4	Prepare to be bombarded by PINK and frou-frou when you walk into the shop in Sharon Corners.  It's the epitome of a girly, decadent, sugar rush. Gigi's certainly stands out compared to the crowd...but in uh, interesting ways I've never heard of for a cupcake shop.  If you don't have time to read this review, just know, if you're a fan of sugar, absurd amounts of frosting and multiple cakes....this may be a place for you. Or if you're a young girl having a princess party! When I walked in, I wanted just one cupcake for myself, but was told they're sold in increments of 4, 6, 8, a dozen.  (I may be slightly off with the count...but you get the idea.  You can't get just one.) You'll have to inquire about this if you go, because ***I have NEVER heard of not being able to buy just one.***  Since I did want to sample a bunch, and figured I could give some to my co-workers, said yes to the 4 pack. The cupcakes are very, very pretty. They're displayed impeccably in rows in their case, and look almost fake they're so perfect!  BUT: just be prepared for almost more frosting than there is cake.  I swear, when my husband and I shared two cupcakes, we were left with a baseball sized ball of frosting! It was just sooooo sweet and since my proportions were off, we just scraped it off and threw it out. Now to the cakes themselves...which is really the reason I'm giving this place 4 stars.  Dry cake is not a problem.  Each flavor we tried was soft, pillowy and moist.  English Toffee: INSANE.  Toffee cake.  Toffee frosting with toffee pieces.  Toffee filling.  This was a cavity waiting to happen, and I loved every bite.  You may not be able to eat more than one, because it's so sweet and rich.  My favorite of the batch. Miss Princess: Yes, there is a cake called Miss Princess. (This is the cake I'm thinking of for a little girl's birthday party.) Strawberry cake with cream cheese frosting and a fondant crown shape on top.  This cake too was definitely pink and strawberry...so much so, if I was blindfolded, I could identify it as a strawberry cake.  Nice. Kentucky Bourbon: This one didn't work for me.  It was moist...but TOO moist.  My husband described it as a undercooked cookie. It's a bourbon cake, with pecans and chocolate chips, and cream cheese frosting, with more chocolate and nuts drizzled and sprinkled in top.  The concept is great, and it smelled super flavorful.  But it was almost mushy and not cake-like at all.  Maybe this batch was a fluke. Cupcake experts...one frosting note you should know.  The buttercream here is good.  It's not so buttery you feel oily or have a film of grease in your mouth.  This is a plus for me. Oh, and carrying them home, keep them flat.  The amount of frosting makes the cakes top-heavy and the frosting will indeed slide off. PRO: The website shows all the cupcakes of the day, along with the full menu.  The employees are super friendly and will help you when you go in. On the flip side...my 4 pack of cupcakes was about $14+ with tax.  Not that it's super expensive, but it seemed pricier than some other bake shops in town.  On occasion, I'm down with paying an extra 50 cents or an extra dollar if the product is yummy, and these were definitely very good overall.  I'll have to go back and try some more and update my review.
2	I've been dying to make it by this shop since they opened.  I stopped by today and left feeling unimpressed.  I purchased the Tropical Storm which is supposed to be a lime cake.  Although the cake is beautifully moist and soft, it has ZERO flavor.  The cream cheese icing is great, but that's simple enough to do at home.  The cupcakes were gorgeous, but looks aren't the reason I purchased.  The previous review is correct about the insane amount of icing.  Luckily I don't feel guilty for throwing out the majority of my cupcake.I did buy other flavors for the rest of my family.  If they have any stellar response, I'll update, but otherwise, I'll likely not return.**Updated - These were a bust in my house.  My 4 year old daughter didn't even finish half of the icing, much less hardly any of the cake (Birthday Surprise cupcake).  I taste the other cupcakes (chocolate and red velvet) and while they were better than mine, still not good enough for a repeat visit.
3	Need to satisfy a sweet tooth? Gigi's will take care of that for you hands down. I stopped in after lunch with my co-workers. We were in the mood for just a little something before heading back to the office. We were given a friendly greeting as we entered and the employee allowed us to take it all in.The atmosphere, like Dion L. said, is very feminine. I could totally see a dessert/tea party held here for girls of all ages. They have a bit of retail lining one wall...need a pink coffee mug to go? When you walk in, your eyes get such a treat! Lots of gorgeous cupcakes with icing piled almost the same size as the cake part itself. There is some major artistry going on here! Unless you know where this is, you can't really see it off the street. It's tucked in the corner of Sharon Corners Shopping Center...I really need to explore this center since it's been a very long time since my last visit; there's a lot going on in there.Each cupcake is $3.75.
5	Yes I have read some of the other reviews and I must say I think these reviewers may have listened to their GPS  and wound up at the wrong place.Gigi's is the Cowfish of Cupcakes!  LOL (Without the wait of course)My wife and I went into our first Gigi's in Nashville and have remembered the experience with such fondness and craving that you can imagine our delight when this store opened up just a little more than a month ago.It is one of those places that make you comfortable the moment you walk in.  The smell of the cupcakes, the excitement, no, the anticipation of having one of the cupcakes after seeing the pictures and reading the descriptions online.   Then there they are.  Lining the shelves with names that spur the imagination and make your decision all that much harder to make.  I always start with the wedding cake cupcake.  Moist cake, delicious icing and a flavor that takes over your senses and makes you suddenly realize that you have finished the cupcake while still standing in line looking at the others.  With a shy look I realize I haven't yet paid for the first one so I pick out another, yet another great choice by the way, and try to make everyone believe that eating the one and taking the other for the road was the plan all along.Gigi's thank you for coming to Charlotte and Charlotte, you will be thanking them too after the first try.One more note:  Please take a look at the other reviews that were given by a Yelper.  The 1 star given in the second review under Gigi's was given by someone who didn't like Gigi's, hates Dean and Deluca but 5 starred the Pancake House.  Please consider the source before deciding.Thanks
2	Plain and simply stated:  Gigi's is just NOT that great.  I am a cupcake snob, I admit that, but I know a good cupcake when I have one and this just didn't hit the spot.  I was so excited about this new cupcakery and the flavors sounded divine.  I do get a little concerned whenever a bakery is a chain...I feel like the quality suffers.  But, I was willing to give GiGi's a fair shake and unfortunately, I should have gone with my gut.We ordered the Cinnamon Roll and Chocolate Salted Carmel.  My two cupcake-eating friends were thrilled with the selections and thoroughly enjoyed their cupcakes.  So, for the average cupcake eater--you may enjoy them.  For those of us that are much more critical--BEWARE.  I'm going to go on a limb and say these cupcakes are not made from scratch.  I'm pretty sure I saw a Sara Lee box on the counter in the back--I could be mistaken (just kidding, but not really).  The icing was sweet but didn't have a lot of flavor..it tasted artificial.  I described it to my friend this way:  The cake was crumbly and out of a box, not dense, not moist, not soft, just a little dry and cake-like.  The icing was like lard--I could tell I was taking in empty calories filled with all types of garbage.  It just didn't have a homemade feel to it at all.  It was as if they grabbed a container of icing off of the baking isle at Harris Teeter and added a pound of fake flavor to it.  The Carmel frosting tasted more like coffee, which was confirmed later by my brother who tasted it and he is a human garbage disposal ...so for him to not enjoy the cupcake, was only confirmation.Overall, I wasn't impressed nor satisfied when I left Gigi's.  I was actually pissed at the wasted calories because it SO wasn't worth it.  It would have been wiser for me to drive a few more miles down the road and head straight to polka dot where I have yet to be disappointed.
5	First of all, let me say that I have not been to this particular location...but I very fondly remember Gigi's from Raleigh and I've missed living near a store since I moved last summer. I just happened to see recent review posted and I flailed with joy when I found out there's a Gigi's in town. I love Gigi's! Their frosting is like crack and I'm a person who typically removes frosting off of cakes and cupcakes; the cake itself isn't disappointing. My go to cupcake flavors are White Midnight magic and MIss Princess. :]
5	The best cupcake I ever had.  Usually I love the frosting best, but honestly the cake was just as good.  Can't wait for another occasion to swing by for another.  I had the Margarita cupcake.  Sinful!!!
3	I really  like these cupcakes. The lady that helped us was pretty short with us but if the cake is good I wouldn't care.   I am a connoisseur of the cupcake and the frosting is devine.  The problem is the amount of frosting.  I never imagined I would ever complain about the amount of frosting- as a girl who has been known to eat frosting out of the can it seemed impossible.  But there is literally twice as much frosting as there is cake, its really sickening and there is no chance of just taking a bite and getting a good cake to frosting ratio.  Plus Im happy to blow my usual healthy diet once in awhile for a great cupcake but this is just the biggest pile of sugar I have ever seen.  Next time your baking a cake you can just stop by here for one cupcake, eat it and use the excess to frost your entire cake.  I was hoping for a once a week stop in but now that Ive tried it its probably just going to be once a month- thats as much as my thighs can take of this frosting tower. They remind me of those huge french hairstyles from the 18th century.....
4	I've only had Gigi's cupcakes at the office for events. Very tasty, with LOTS of icing, as other reviewers have said.  Very pretty and something delightfully different from the standard sheet cake - if you have the budget.
3	We stumbled upon Gigi's during our trip to Charlotte, NC and found out they are a chain cupcakery. (Yes, I'm going to use that adorable word.) We soon realized that their trademark involved loading a tower of frosting on to each and every cupcake. I'm not a fan of large amounts of frosting. I usually prefer a two to one ratio of cake to frosting, so seeing these heaping piles of luscious sugar atop each individual cupcake made me wince. However, they were all so beautiful I couldn't resist trying one! I got the pistachio cupcake with chocolate frosting on top and ended up throwing away 1/3 of the frosting. Their cupcakes aren't anything special, but neither are they complete crap. The product that really blew me away was their "CHEESECAKE CUPCAKE"! YES! Their cheesecake cupcakes are to die for! I had the Cookies & Cream cheesecake cupcake and it gave me a mouthgasm! I may be a foodie, but it's not often that I have mouthgasms, and this delicious cheesecake did just the trick! If I ever see another Gigi's again I'm going to avoid the cupcakes and go straight for the cheesecake. They might want to consider changing their name to "Gigi's Cheesecake". P.S. The girl that worked here was very sweet and provided great customer service. She even admitted to taking off a good amount of the frosting before eating any of the cupcakes. You'd think that Gigi would listen to customers' remarks concerning the large amount of frosting, but then I guess they wouldn't be known for anything special...although I think the cheesecakes could become their new trademark.
2	This is a totally honest, unbiased review. I first tried Gigi's in Georgia. It was "cool". Their pro is the moistness of the cake, always guaranteed on the spot. But to me, what ruins the cupcake experience, is the frosting. There is ENTIRELY too much frosting on these cupcakes. I am not a health nut,  total southern girl who  cooks and bakes very well( organically as much as possible), never compromises on flavor. But Jesus the amount of frosting is really absurd. On top of that, it is dense, so it weighs down the cake. My additional complaint is they are not exactly consumer friendly with it comes to staying stocked on popular flavors. It appears  in bakeries everywhere, select flavors are always a hit. I feel they should make sure those flavors are available at all times. An example: red velvet cupcakes should always be stocked, they run out quickly. The cucpakes are pretty to look at, but when it comes down to it, they need literally a third of the frosting to match their smaller cake-and THIS comes from an actual frosting lover, so that says something.
3	Tucked away in a corner at Sharon Corners Shopping Center is a little building full of sugar and spice and everything nice and a LOT of frosting.  During peak hours, parking can be a bit of a strain as Gigi's shares the lot with a few restaurants and some retail stores.  But generally it is a quick stop unless you are behind the family who has never had a cupcake before ("What is devil's food?  What is buttercream? Cream cheese like on a bagel for icing?"  Next time take them to HT for a 6-pack of generic cupcakes, PLEASE).I enjoy cupcakes.  It's like a sickness.  But in no way I am a cupcake snob.  If the cupcake has some flavor of moist cake and an icing that isn't granular or hard, I will eat it.  Grocery store, bakery, Tastykake, whatevs... Some are better than others, but all are welcome, I am an equal opportunity cupcake inhaler.  As the other reviewers have stated, the amount of icing is ridonkulous.  It towers above the cake and is just way too much.  The first flavor I tried was Wedding Cake (white cake, white icing) and it almost gave me the diabetes (I ate it on an empty stomach and was seeing spots in my peripheral vision when I was done).  Lesson learned that no matter how delicious it looks, do not eat all of the icing or you will need an insulin shot. The cake was moist and the icing was standard buttercream.  The wedding cake is a tie for my favorite with the Snickerdoodle (cinnamon swirl cake with cookie dough frosting, sprinkled with cinnamon sugar and topped with a snickerdoodle cookie).  I learned my lesson with the first cupcake and took at least 1/2 of the icing off before eating the cupcake.  Again the cake was moist and the icing creamy.  The small cookie on top was good too.  The Lemon Dream Supreme was lemon cake with lemon filling and lemon buttercream - it was lemony and good.  I was not a fan of the Southern Comfort, the icing was as hard as a rock and sickeningly sweet, the cake was a very dense cake mixed with pecan pie - yuck.  It was like eating a brick, I tossed 1/2 of it away (that would be $2 that I threw away).   During the summer they had a margarita cupcake that was meh.  The Hunka Chunka Banana Love had too much going on - tossed that one out too.  I delivered a Red Velvet to a girlfriend and she said it was yummy.Go during the day if you need a sugar fix, if you wait until after work to go, the flavors will be limited and a little dry.  I continued to return to Gigi's to try new flavors, but never got the WOW that I thought I would from such lovely cupcakes.  They are just too much.  Too much icing, too sweet and instead of a happy tummy, I usually have a sugar rush and then a need to nap after the crash.  Lovely for an eye-popping gift perhaps, but for a cupcake fix, I will stick to the bakery aisle at Harris Teeter.
4	I personally think 3 star average is a bit low for this location. Their cupcakes are kind of expensive in my opinion, however the size of the cupcakes are huge! I think i had a sugar attack eating off the icing. The  decoration are quite cute. Don't expect a lit of seating, i think there is only 1 table in the shop if i remembered correctly. Get there early because the bakers arrive early each morning to bake the cupcakes and at the end of the day there are not many varieties left. I really want to try to red velvet flavor, i heard the cashier said its popular as well. It's a clean shop but kind of cold inside so the cupcakes wouldn't melt. This is by no means georgetown cupcakes or sprinkle cupcakes but for charlotte, it's not bad at all. I am just glad that i can relive my big city cupcake shop experience!
3	Best Cream Cheese Icing I have EVER Tasted!  Usually I do NOT want even the smallest taste of Cream Cheese Icing!  In this Particular Situation I kept coming back for more!!!  My Wife does not want Butter Creme Frosting (my Favorite, though not here)... If you are a Cream Cheese Fan I bet you LOVE this one!  4 yelp stars for the Cream Cheese Icing!The Cake part of these Cupcakes have Good Flavor, neither the best nor the worst. Cake gets 3 yelp stars overallChocolate Cake 3 starsCarrot Cake 4 starsBad News, though Cream Cheese Frosting is Very Good most of the Cupcakes are Topped with Butter Cream and the Butter Cream was NOT good!  Worst News, it tasted like that from a can!  This Butter Creme Icing get only 1 yelp star at a generous most!Two tables inside if you would like to enjoy your Cakes in this Nice looking Shop, the Cupcakes look better than they taste, so they look Pretty and Amazing!  The Lady working here was Sweet and patient as I sent my wife some photos and asked which one she wanted... "Surprise me" means I'm getting BOTH!!!  She is getting both and I'm getting to taste three!
4	The cupcakes here were delicious. It seemed that the cupcakes were moist and dense, which was different from what I am used to. But hey, you have to have a cupcake that would have to stand out somehow, right (aside from the decoration presentation on the cupcakes)?Location - tucked away behind Harpers & McDonald's, next to H&R Block, and home goods.Venue - small, cute, and quaint. If you are a Gigi's cupcake fan, you can have your own tshirt and or mugs that are displayed on the right side of the wall.Cupcake selections - immense! They have a special ones for each day, and they have A LOT to choose from. My favorite of the moment was the one with strawberry frosting and vanilla cake mix. I could do away with the extra extra frosting on top.Overall, good cupcakes, if I feel for a denser, moister cupcake.
2	Poor Customer Service in the store and over the phone.  Went in to purchase $80 worth of cupcakes and the person behind the counter was less than helpful and disinterested.  I previously had called for information and the person on the phone just told me I would have to come in the day of my event and see what they had.  Folks enjoyed the cupcakes at my party but I will not be returning because of the poor customer service.
4	I love that their menu is colorful and seasonal.  Knowing what flavors will be available daily too is great.  I popped in on a Sunday when I noticed the shop after a visit to Homegoods.  If you look at their daily menu, Sunday is "baker's choice" so one might assume the cupcakes are leftover from whatever didn't sell that week.  I don't know if that is true but I felt like for a Sunday afternoon there was plenty selection and the cupcakes tasted great and fresh.  The presentation of the cupcakes is beautiful as well.  I had the strawberry margarita, and being the social media fiend I am, sent a picture out to some friends who immediately commented on how delicious it looked.  It was frosted pink with sugar crystals and a cute little lime on top.  I bought my husband the Midnight Magic cupcake, and he liked it a lot (CHOCOLATE)!I don't eat cupcakes often, but I've made a habit of spontaneously purchasing some when I see them.  I wouldn't be surprised if I stopped in again after a visit to Homegoods (and I'm there a lot).
3	I finally made it over to give Gigi's a try...being a cupcake lover I'm always on the quest to find the best.The store is very small, but the staff was welcoming and the cupcakes looked delicious. I decided on two flavors the strawberry shortcake and my absolute favorite and standby...red velvet. I loved the packaging...small boxes with separators for each yummy treat. Perfect...no smashed cupcakes here! these babies would be able to safely make it out to any destination. Well, the cupcakes were very pretty...but the icing to cupcake ratio is crazy. I LOVE icing...but not more than the cupcake. For the price, I hate scraping most of it off just to enjoy it...I don't know how anyone could eat that much icing. EVER. Of the two, my favorite was the strawberry shortcake...I'm sad to say I didn't like the red velvet at all (insert very sad face). But I'm soooo glad I got two, because had I just got the red velvet I probably wouldn't have given this place another shot.  Hey, I'm just being honest. The strawberry short cake was moist, and I could really taste the strawberry flavor! The icing that I did try was very yummy and I love that they include sprinkles on each cupcake! The red velvet however, just fell short for me...I didn't enjoy the flavor, the texture or the icing. Perhaps, I just got a dud in the batch ...it happens. Overall, just okay to me. I would return and try some of their other flavors. And maybe...just maybe give them another chance on the red velvet.
3	What can I say, the same thing I said about the place with the dots, dry, icing flavored were good. The cupcakes look great but I really hate a dry cupcake.
5	I won some cupcakes from a Facebook contest they did and got the gluten free flavors they had (they only make g-f on Fridays) and they were incredible! Impressed with the boxes and slip-free cupcake packaging. Friendly staff and clean store. Will be back!!
4	I LOVE cupcakes. It's addiction, really. I have tried all the local places around charlotte for cupcakes. Gigi's is right up there with some of my favs. i like their products because they are consistent. My favorites are the wedding cake and the salted caramel. The boxes the cupcakes come in are really nice and they keep them from moving around or smashing the frosting!
4	found this place on a Groupon forever ago and have gone back a few times since.  Wedding Cake has probably been our favorite but we've had a few other good ones and then a few that left us regretting our choice.  Had no idea it was a chain at first but I won't hold that against them...I guess.  If your not a fan of frosting then this probably isn't your cup of tea but the cake is pretty moist (on some) and you can just remove the frosting and it doesn't hurt that it looks good too.
1	Cupcakes are dry and SO dense they weigh about 4lbs each!! The only thing good about this place is the Las Vegas style wheel you get to spin when you make a purchase!! Thank God I won a Coke Zero so it made me feel less suicidal about spending $3.50 on this awful cupcake!!!!!
1	Oh GiGi's. I wanted to like you. I really did. Cute flavor combos, gorgeous cupcakes, upbeat branding. But alas, I cannot love your cupcakes. The foundation of a good cupcake is a moist flavorful cake with a nice crumb. Some can get away with being heavier than others (like chocolate and be denser than say a coconut) but every flavor I've had from Gigi's (vanilla, chocolate, maple bacon, strawberry, chocolate mint, etc.) has been dry as Tommy Lee Jones, with the exception of Southern Comfort (which I think has bourbon and pecans in it). So I think to counteract the dryness they compensate by overfrosting. I love frosting as much as the next baker, but the dense frosting is way too sweet and piled higher than Amy Winehouse's hair bouffant (RIP).  The sweetness factor on the frosting is unreasonable too. Unlike Amy, I am an admitted cupcake snob. So I had to wonder- was it just me who was unimpressed by my 5 attempts to love GiGi's?  Not only did my husband turn his nose up at them (especially the bacon which was not only drizzled on the maple frosting but was throughout the cake too- gross), but I once went to a rehearsal dinner where they put out cute vanilla and chocolate cupcakes and most went uneaten or half eaten. So I'm not  alone. This is probably most telling for a cupcake lover: I have some coupons for free GiGis and they've gone unused. Dear GiGi's- when you revamp your cakes, let me know.
4	Lots of icing but it's not rich and heavy. Light and whipped and delicious! I DONT like rich desserts, and I have tried several other cupcake places where the sugar and butter is just too pronounced. I find myself defaulting to this place. Midnight and white midnight chocolate are my favs. The cheesecake cupcakes are pretty awesome too :)
5	I cannot complain about cupcakes that are visually appealing, have an ambrosial aroma, and a savory taste.  After all, aren't cupcakes supposed to make you happy?  Well, I tasted the apple pie and wedding cake cupcakes and they met my criteria for great cupcakes.  One look at the cupcakes on display and it took a while to decide on which ones to purchase.  I knew immediately the chocolate chip cookie dough was for my daughter (she absolutely loved it) and the Miss Princess was perfect for the grand (she loved it).  Were the cupcakes sweet, they were not overly so.  We enjoyed them and that's what is important at this time.BTW, they serve a couple gluten-free flavors on Fridays.It has been a while since I purchased cupcakes so the cost of $3.25@ was definitely a once-in-a-while treat.
4	Delicious cupcakes! I have been looking for a great red velvet cake with the perfect cream cheese icing and I think I found it!
2	Completed an online order A WEEK IN ADVANCE for a friends birthday party via the Gigi's website. When I went to pick up my order in the way to the party, I was old that there was no order for me that they had. It being the end of the night, there were literally 2 cupcakes left in the store!!! Fuming I asked hat we could as I was literally on the way to the party!! The cashier, who was apologetic and offered a 20% discount, scrapped up some cupcakes (I guess from another order) and presented them. Although it was not specifically what I ordered (i ordered specific flavors for a specific reason), I took the cupcakes as the alternative was to show up to the party empty handed!! I was informed by the cashier that their bakers "have been doing this". I asked for the manager (Sergio) name and the best time to reach him. I Los left my info so that he could contact me. Almost a week later and no word yet. I have tried to contact him but have been told that he is not in. BUYER BE WARE!! If you're making an order or an event, expect that there is a real possibility that there will be no order for you to pick up when you arrive! Is it more important for Gigi's to keep bakers who obviously have no regard for completing tasks correctly, or is it important for them to keep customers??? The jury is still out on that one.
3	I went into the Southpark location on Wednesday, Dec. 18, 2013.  I picked up the mini's per my LivingSocial deal.  It was nice experiencing a smaller portion of these delightful cupcakes.  I did donate the rest to my roommate.  I will pass along the location of this bakery.
3	My family knows I love cupcakes and ordered a dozen for me and the fam when I came in town for the holidays. I was excited and felt that the decorations on the cupcake were nice as well as the presentation (box, card, etc,) were up to par. My family split the cupcakes so I was able to taste several of the flavors. They were okay in tasting the cake mix itself did not have alot of the flavor but the icing did. The cake was moist, but I have had better.I am from Chicago where then typical cost of a cupcake is 3.25-4.75. I was surprised to find that they had Chicago pricing being that this is in the south and the cost of living  in NC is not comparable to the sale price at this store.
3	Gigi's Cupcakes are really great cupcakes. Wonderful flavors and lots of rich buttercream icing.  The reason for 3 stars is my experience with their Groupon offer.  I recently bought a Groupon for 6 cupcakes and 6 cheesecakes.  When I used the offer for a birthday party I called ahead to order my cupcakes.  I was very surprised that you may only choose between 4 flavors.  I just don't understand if the cupcakes all cost the same why can't I have my choice of flavors?  I bought 3 extra of the peanut butter cups cupcakes in addition to the dozen I had a Groupon for.  Guess which ones everyone wanted?  Gigi's you would have received more new customers if everyone could have had what they wanted!  Just saying.
1	What awful customer service. I am so disappointed by my experience. I called Gigi's Cupcakes at 3:00 pm today to see if they had mini cupcakes. My girlfriends were getting together for a Girls Night and I thought that cupcakes would be a great addition.  The employee that picked up the phone, Lindsey, had a less than enthusiastic tone. She couldn't have sounded more apathetic. I asked her about the mini dozen cupcakes and she said that they had them for pick up. I told her that I would be headed in. I was clear across town and I made my way down to South Park to Gigi's. I walked in at 4:00pm and there were two teenage employees behind the counter. I informed them that I had talked to Lindsey and I was there to pick up the dozen mini cupcakes. They tried to find them and asked if I had reserved them. I told them about my conversation with Lindsey and they told me that she was in the restroom and that I would have to wait for her. She came out a while later and seemed confused. She asked if she had taken my name. She hadn't. She then told me that they were sold out of the mini dozens. Wait... what... She told me that there were four when I called but they had all sold. Seriously... WTF. Why didn't she tell me that when I called. No offer to hold a dozen. Nothing. They best she could offer me as a solution was 15% off a dozen full size cupcakes ($3.25 each or $3.00 each if buying a dozen). Whoop dee doo... a dozen minis is $15... A dozen full size, even with the discount, would have been more than double that amount. I drove all the way across town to leave empty handed. What a waste of time and gas.All three employees were so incredibly apathetic and couldn't care less about being there. The customer service was simply awful. I will never return and I cannot recommend that anyone visit this location. There are so many small, local, independent bakeries that have a great product and exceptional customer service.
1	I got a groupon for 6 cupcakes at Gigi's and I was really excited to use it because I love cupcakes. I knew from reading the fine print that the group on was only able to be used on four flavors of cupcakes, even though they had several more available at the store. So it wasn't a surprise to me, but I still think that is lame and doesn't make any sense.I bought my six cupcakes and they looked beautiful, the frosting was perfect. I gave one to my son first, who typically inhales cupcakes, preferring the cake to the frosting. It was a huge red flag to me when he gobbled down most of the frosting but didn't touch the cake part at all. I had mine after dinner and could see why as soon as I bit into it... the cake part is terrible. It is thick and spongey, hard to chew and does not taste good at all. I couldn't even eat it, which says a lot because I am a person who will happily eat supermarket cupcakes and enjoy them.The frosting was good, but when you eat it by itself it isn't great anymore. This was a waste of money, even as a groupon... Steer clear.
5	I had wanted to try cupcakes from Gigi's for a while and we finally had a reason to - it was my brother-in-law's birthday.  I got a few different flavors and was super happy with the presentation.  If I only knew how delicious they would taste, I doubt I would have been able to wait until later that night to dig in!  I wound up having the "wedding cake" cupcake.  It was perfect and it was so pretty!  The cupcake was moist and delicious and the frosting was sweet and super tasty.  Everyone loved theirs and there were no leftovers.  I will definitely be back!
2	Been here once before and couldn't remember what my opinion was...which is rare for me. Was in the area and on the way to see my niece so went in and bought one for her one for myself. 2 stars because the actual cake was decent on both cupcakes I got.  The pretty princess (strawberry) and the wedding cake (vanilla). The icing however, is served at an ungodly amount. It is 3 - 4 inches high on every single cupcake in there and you can actually take it off entirely. I went to bite the corner and the entire bouffant of icing came on; clean break alone the bottom no icing left on cake - seemed like they almost pipe it on wax paper and slap it on. A little aggressive and a lot unnecessary. 3.50 for a cupcake? I'm from NYCand lived in Miami for 10 years. That can fly there, where people are making more, spending more and getting better quality for their $4 cupcakes. Gigs you have a little work to do before the outrageous price of your cupcakes is justified. Now for the real work, YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWFUL. AWFUL. AWFUL. Whoever owns this place needs to invest in hiring adults rather than rude bratty uninterested teenage kids if they are going to leave their business unattended. I have dealt with bad service but this was beyond. My original plan was to get a box of a couple cupcakes since my sister who is 9 months pregnant and brother in law also love cupcakes and we love to try them from all over town and compare flavors. The nasty attitude on the long blonde haired puss face that refused to tell me her name cost the owner the rest of the cupcakes I would have bought and any chance of me ever going back. They give you dirty looks, get annoyed when you ask a question like you're wasting their time, they don't smile or say hello or anything else for that matter. Who needs that ??If you know your cupcakes in town you know there are a ton of great cupcakes around. And most don't cost as much! I'd rather spend the 20 mins driving to Fort Mill to Crazed Cupcakery! Owner- word to the wise. When you have nice, mature, professional ADULTS working here I may come back.
5	This is a great shop!  Not only is the staff exceptional but the cupcakes are AMAZING!
3	After enjoy GiGi's at an office party I decided to stop in to pick some up with  my Mom, a huge cupcake fan, and a huge fan of another cupcake shop. She was a little nervous about trying someplace new but was open minded since I had enjoyed Gigi's before. After looking over the options available, around 5-10, she picked four. The girl behind the counter was very rude and short with any questions my Mom asked about each cupcake.  She yawned twice while trying to talk to us and I am not sure whe knew what a smile was.  That is why Gigi's get 3 stars. The cupcakes however would be a definite 4 almost a 5 in my book.I do wish they will work on customer service...other cupcake shop employees enjoy what they are doing, or at least put the customer service on.
5	The best gluten and dairy-free chocolate cupcake in the known world!  We'll be back for more. Soon I hope!
1	I bought a living social for $6 to get 4 cupcakes. I went into to get them and they barely had any out so I had to get flavors I wasn't t hat excited about and they were not very good. But what really bothered me is when i went to give the voucher I was charged $1.07 for tax. I'm sorry is tax all of sudden 25% of the bill? And FYI Gigis if you are going to do to living social/groupon you may want to  make extra cupcakes so that people don't come in to an empty store.. That isn't going to make people come back and be a repeat customer.
1	I've had many Gigi's cupcakes and they have always been delicious. I've ordered them before and not had a problem as well. So naturally for my sister's baby shower (the first grandchild!), I chose Gigi's.However, my experience was far from what I was expecting. I went in a week before I needed my order (3 dozen minis) and asked if I could prepay for my order because I was unsure who would be picking it up. The lady working said it would not be a problem and all my friend would need is my name. Well, that was not the case. Not only did my friend have to pay again (a different amount) on the day of the shower, but we were missing 3 mini cupcakes. Which this was pretty embarrassing when my sister opened the box to see three empty slots.And now I have been playing phone tag all day with the manager who only works when "he wants to" to get a refund for the second payment.Were the cupcakes delicious? Yes. Were the employees polite? Yes. But unfortunately, I will using other bakeries in the future :-(***Update: Finally got my refund back for the second payment after going to the store and speaking to the employee who apologized for the inconvenience (who had to call her manager that was not exactly the politest person to her. Not cool in my book! She was doing her job)Unfortunately, I still paid full price for my three dozen minis which I never fully received.
3	I saw a living social deal for Gigi's and decided to give them a try as I had only had their cheesecakes before.  The red velvet cheesecake is very good, but very rich!I got two living social deals - one for myself, and one as a gift to my husband so we could try their cupcakes twice.  It was for 4 cupcakes for $6.00 (I think?) which was a pretty good deal, but you had to pay tax when you got there - not much just $.50First go we got:Cookie Dough - love the icing on this one, but the cupcake part not so much, a little too dense, needs to be a softer and fluffier cupcake.Apple Cider - did not taste anything like apple cider, just an awful spice cake.  Yuck!Red Velvet - I'm really not a fan of this one.  I love red velvet, but the mass amount of sprinkles overwhelms and takes away from the taste of the cupcake.  Just give me a good red velvet cake with a better cream cheese icing and I will be happy.Peanut Butter - icing was great, but the cupcake was hard and overcooked, disappointed because otherwise I think it would be a good one.Second go we got:Double Stuff - like a cookies and cream, I actually really liked this one!Coffee Cake - we warmed this one up and had it for breakfast the next morning, it was fabulous that way!  Wish they had this one year round, just only a Christmas thing.Chocolate Tort - like a brownie, good, but not really a cupcake if that is what you are in the mood for.Kentucky Bourbon - I loved this one!  The combination of the cupcake with the sauces and the cream cheese icing is fabulous, almost like a pecan pie version of a cupcake.  The cream cheese icing tasted better today or with this cupcake over the sugared sprinkled cream cheese on the red velvet.Since Gigi's is a hit or miss with their cupcakes, I can only give them 3 stars.  I don't see myself going back here like I will with Polka Dot.  Plus the shopping center it is in is crowded and a hassle to get out of in the direction I need to be going.
