3	I hired this company to come do a good spring cleaning they were here 3 1/2 hrs and i will say did a good job total cost 187.00 $ I probley overtiped 20$ per person (2) without much appreciation from the cleaners......not a big enough tip???? I used them a second time yesterday because of a 20$off coupon  88$-20 again did a good job .
3	Hired them as a present, they did an ok job. But I highly recommend getting a cleaning company for someone when they have no time and you can't be there,
1	Very disappointed. Returned home to 6 damaged items from blatant rough housing and rushing including broken items, gash in wall, two instances of significantly  scraped furniture. Some of which were "hidden" strangely, none were reported. Furniture was all crooked, valances left every which way (however vacuum attachment must have left them), shower heads changed and facing OUT of shower (found that out the hard way), lights unplugged, stereo settings changed, child safety outlets removed, two pieces of mysterious broken glass found on floor. I understand that things happen but all together this is a bit much!
5	I have moved several times over the last couple of years, and in an effort to make sure I get my deposit back I hire cleaning services.  I initially called Merry Maids, but the quote they gave me was extremely expensive (over $300) so I randomly called Heavenly Scent after picking from a list on a google search.  The quote I got for 3 hours was $160 which seemed great for a full service job.  Both ladies were extremely friendly and did a great job.  As a single guy I must admit the place was in pretty bad shape but when the were done it was cleaner than the day that I moved in.
5	I have used them 6-7 times over the last two years.  When I just need a deep cleaning, bathrooms, floors, mirrors, I call them.  The house is always sparkling clean and smells heavenly.  They even swept off my patio the last time.  Services cost a bit more than a regular maid but for convenience, reliability and quality I will gladly pay the extra 20-30$.  Every single time I have called them they were courteous, found my information quickly in their computer and have teams available the next day.  I have zero complaints and plan on always using them.
