3	Very cheap massages ($25 for 1 hour), and they often have specials where it is 2 for 1.  Usually during the time period where the "specials" apply is when they are bringing in a new batch of students that need clinical experience.  Your massage will pretty much be a toss up since you are assigned a student at random.  You do have the choice of whether to have a lady masseuse or a man-sseuse.  If you have no preference, chances are you will get a man-sseuse.  I've been here a few times, and so far I've been pretty satisfied with the massages I've gotten considering that they are done by students and also since the price is so reasonable.  If you go, there is just a flat fee, since no tipping is allowed.
4	I have never heard of $25 massages ($20 for first time customers).  I guess this is a clinic for students just how medical students practice in clinics as interns.  I recommend come here early in the morning because the place can get crowded very easily.  Its about 30 min to 1 hour wait.  The waiting room is a simple area, so I recommend coming with a friend to hang out, bring music, or bring a book.  The process is very simple, as your name will be called by a therapist.  The massage is about 50 minutes in a communal area.  That is the only negative is the privacy, but I guess you get what you
3	The best time to go is when they offer the 2 for 1, half priced specials. I make an event out of it and tell my friends. We get in line before 8AM when it opens and wait our turn. The usual wait is about an hour so bring a book to read or chat it up with friends while you wait.The first time I went, I asked the short, overweight and out of shape student for a deep tissue massage and spent the whole time telling the guy he could apply more pressure. He seemed very awkward and spent more time making sure my whole body was covered up than massaging me. Not that great an experience, but I went back.The second time I told the girl about my first experience. Now this chick was tall, strong and had hands of steel. She tore me up and I kept cringing in pain. I vowed NEVER to go back, but changed my mind after a few hours and the pain had worn off. I felt great!I've been three times and can't remember the third experience. I don't know if that's good or bad, but I'll probably try it again.
4	Ok, I came here mainly for a FACIAL. I had a coupon that was good for a $20 facial. It was WORTH IT!!! best investment for that price. I had a lady that was very polite and explained to me all that was going to happen. All together the facial took hour and 10 minutes. It includes a scalp massage that knocked me down. I would return, when I find another coupon!
4	This is a great alternative to an expensive massage. Massage therapy students learn by practicing massage in the weekend clinics open to the public. I have been here about five or six times. I love to get an hour long, relaxing massage for just $25. Some students' skills are better than others, but they appreciate tips so they can improve. Each massage therapist has been very professional and made me feel comfortable in what could be an awkward situation. One negative is that they get very busy and clients could wait for awhile. If you happen to go on a 'buy one, get one free' coupon weekend, be prepared to wait for an hour or two.
1	My sister and I received a coupon for a 50 minute FULL BODY massage for $20.  We called ahead and knew it was first come first serve.  So when we arrived and signed in, we were prepared to wait.  The wait on Sunday, however was 2 hours and 30 minutes.  When we were finally called she was taken first and then I was taken.  On my way to the room the girl who was going to be doing my massage told me that she was set to do some sort of cranial massage.  I didn't understand that this was completely different from a full-body massage and was not going to be given a massage at all.  To be clear, there was no circular hand movements at all.  I was asked to remove my shoes and lay on my back...which is where I remained for the duration of 40 minutes.  She pressed on my feet, calves, hips, upper arms and shoulders.  Placed her hands in a ball on my cheek, eyebrows and then flat over my eyes and forehead.  Then she stuck her fingers into the back of my neck and head.  That was it.  I was sorely disappointed that she was not more clear with her explanation of what I was receiving.  Working in Marketing, I know how important it is to be clear with your customers.  Telling me that I would not be receiving a full-body massage but, instead, a random poking, would have been more clear and also would have given me the opportunity to decline and ask for someone else. She didn't use any lotion or spray and continued to yawn in my ear.  She sat the entire time and at points I could feel her laying her head down on the massage table.  Apparently, Saturday night had gotten to her and my "massage" was taking up valuable nap time.  Either way...I called to complain and I was told that I was not going to be receiving any sort of a refund as I had already received my massage.  I assured the woman on the phone that what I got was an abrupt poking for close to an hour and could no way be considered a full value for what I paid or what was advertised on the coupon.  I was also told a manager, who was conveniently not in that day, would be calling me back on Monday and now (two weeks later) have still heard nothing.  I know they don't need my business, but they could use some additional positive reviews on merchant sites like this...this, however, isn't going to be one of those positive reviews.  Save your $20 and get a pedicure instead.
4	I have gone here twice and both times have been good experiences, especially for the price. When I go in, I will request an advanced student, which may or may not happen, but it will increase the likelihood that it will happen. Both times I have waited less than an hour, the last time being seen almost immediately and it was a two for one day (so the massage cost 12.50...whoa. The first time I went I had a lot of pressure to do a shiatsu massage, with a lengthy explanation of what it was, but I politely declined, and I think that's what you need to do if you're looking for a full body massage and the student wants to try something different, although I do think it's cool that they offer specialty massages like that, and sometimes, I've heard, you can skip the wait if you agree to get one of the specialty massages, so that's cool too. The first time I went my student was much better than the second time, but I think it is the luck of the draw and you never know what you're going to get BUT for as inexpensive as it is, I'm willing to take that chance. So anyway, when you get called back you go into a 'classroom' that has many stations divided by full length sheets almost (like in an emergency room), so there really is no talking with the therapist as there are many other people in the same room getting massages. This makes me feel a little awkward, but I think the therapists don't really care. I say, if you are willing to get a basic massage without any of the champagne or chocolates or whatever they give you at a spa (and save the money) this place is a great alternative. Plus, being a student clinician myself (in a different field) I know how important it is for them to get practice, so that is nice too.
4	Some say you get what you pay for  (with an implication of regret) . But with ASMT, you get what you pay for and you actually walk out happy. An hour massage for $12.50?  Tell me where else can you get such good deal?
1	I'm a graduate of this school and I have been trying for over a week to get my transcripts...the customer service is allot to be said for. No one returns my calls. No one knows where my paper work is. They expect you to slap down your credit card number on a fax form in order to get someone when ever they feel like it to finally send the fax but you have your info vulnerable for everyone to see. I called to make sure they got my fax.. No one called me back had to call again finally got thru. Carla was what I would call unorganized to say the least. Rude is also a good word to describe her conversation with me and she acted like it put her put to talk to me. She said she never got the fax. Lie!...i asked her to look again i have the confirmation from my fax machine it went thru. She finds it on her desk so she wasn't even sure she even had it and they want me to leave my cc number on that form...no. She Says its not filled out proper. I said yes it is i just won't put my cc info out on paper for just anyone to see. She said some one would call me no one has and i call to speak to the director which you have to leave voice message for Cuz he's busy and i get transferred only to be hung up on. Who the hell runs this school? I realize it is not in your best interest to see me go somewhere else to further my massage career but maybe just maybe if your school were more responsible I would of stayed there.
2	First off, I realize that this is a school and with this knowledge I thought I would try it out. The waiting room is a sad sad sight. I knew that the low price would bring in some questionable elements from the diversity of our society, but not this weird of a selection. Many old people.I came on a Saturday shortly after 8, thinking I was on the ball.. but I wasn't. I had almost an hour wait, but I was prepared to wait so that is all on me. One female looking confident and professional came out with a smile and said a name. Not my name. It's a shame because she had everything I was looking for in a massage therapist. Shortly thereafter a woman comes out, and meekly states my name. I immediately get a bad feeling but I shake it off. I am here as an evaluator and just trying to see what this place have to offer. I ask her how long she has been doing this and she says she is halfway through the program. She asks me if there are any areas I want her to focus on and I say it would be great if she could focus on shoulders and the base of my skull. Nothing odd there right?After this comes close to an hour of really awkward pushing and poking. It was clear that my therapist didn't know what she was doing, and didn't have the confidence of doing it. She spends just as much time massaging, as she was correcting the sheets, towels and other stuff OCD style. It was really bad. Another thing worth mentioning, she gave me possibly the best massage of my pectorals I have ever got... but then again spent almost no time on my shoulders, and didn't touch my neck, skull, shoulder blades or anything else that actually needed some attention. (Funny that she asked initially, but maybe that was just a box to check?!)Conclusion: I realize that it must be hit and miss regarding what therapist you get, and therefore what experience you might have. In my case it was a miss. I will give this place one more chance.
4	I was a huge fan of ASMT (accounting for my 4-star rating) until their recent new rule.  Now I can no longer go and I miss it so much!This is a school so, understandably, there is a long wait (often 2+ hours).  My job requires many weekend hours, but this didn't used to be a problem because they would let you come early, sign in, leave for a couple of hours, then return for your massage.  Now they don't allow that anymore.  The only thing I can figure out is that some people must have ruined it for everyone by not coming back.  But I am so hugely disappointed. I so miss my massages!  If they ever allow this again, assuming I have a way to find out, I will be back religiously!  Please please please consider ASMT if you are reading this!
