2	I'd never been in a Primark before today.  But, I was walking by and I figured there was no harm in taking a peek....... getting over the fact that the clothing isn't really my style, I found a few aspects of the store pretty shocking.  First of all, the massive bouncer at the door isn't exactly the best first impression of an establishment.  Do people really steal that much stuff from Primark that they need a big scary looking bouncer on a Tuesday afternoon???  Secondly, the fitting rooms.  Whoever designed that system was an idiot.  As I said, it was a Tuesday afternoon and there was a queue for the fitting rooms.  Not that they were all full, mind you, there were plenty of free rooms, but the one girl manning them has to register how many items you are taking into the dressing rooms - it's some weird electronic system where she puts in that big plastic thing that says how many items you have.  Then when you're done, you have to wait for her to help other people and then re-scan your big plastic thing.  Additionally, many people have baskets of items they're not taking into the dressing rooms with them, and those baskets must be dealt with by the one girl who is also scanning everyone into their dressing rooms.It is absolutely the most ridiculous system I have ever seen in my life.  Even on a slow afternoon, one person is far from adequate for dealing with a dressing room!  I shudder to consider how awful it must be during the weekend.  Theft must be a MASSIVE problem here to warrant all of this ridiculousness.  My verdict - Primark?  Not worth the effort.
4	I simply had to review Primark after what I have seen there recently... A spectacular range of onesies and Christmas jumpers!I know the clothes sometimes aren't great quality, I know it is a nightmare to be in there for more than 30 seconds. But if you decide before what you want/need then you can dive in, buy it, and get straight out of there. But be careful on choosing your time, sometimes the queues to purchase can be horrendous.So anyway, currently they have a fab selection of knitwear, including Xmas jumpers (and leggings). The girls jumpers include Santa, reindeer, fair isle and penguin designs. But what really caught my eye were the guys Xmas jumpers. You can see them in the window and they are basically 3D, the snowman's nose literally sticks out from your tummy! So, long story short, I'm off to Primark today to buy a man's Xmas jumpers for myself! :)Enjoy!
2	For me Primark is the place where I go for tights.  You know those fleece-lined ones you can't find anywhere else.  Yep.  And other coloured tights too (you get it, I'm a tights freak.  I have, like, loads of them!).  I buy socks too.  They had great tick ones in the winter. Perfect for your wellies. I have desperately tried to buy other stuff in Primark but no.  The fitting is just wrong, you have to try 3 different sizes before finding something that suits you. And the shop itself, oh my.  That place is simply awful. Dreadful lighting. Overheated. Very overheated. I feel like I'm in hell every time I'm in there.  And the queues at the till.  Shoot. Me. Now.Will go again thought - for more tights, and probably some holiday clothes too.
1	I've just come out of Primark after having to put in a complaint in with one of the managers about their staff. The problem - Someone jumped in front of me in the queue and then when I spoke up about it they (the queue jumper) turned round and gave me a whole load of abuse.The member of staff's response was to side with the queue jumper and join in with them! Never in my life have I experienced such appalling service in a shop. I say this as someone who used to work in a major department store during my student days. Thank you to the other lady who mouthed an apology to me.Avoid Edinburgh Princes Street Primark! But if you can't, then don't take any nonsense when you do go in from the less intelligent staff.
5	For my Americans, amazing place! Cheap prices, good style, and lasting quality. Compare it to Forever 21. Enough said.
4	what a great find!  Lots of great deals.  They had tanks and tees for really cheap prices.  I bought a pair of leggings for 3 pounds.  They did the job, but I will say they started to feel worn after 1 wear.  Still a good place to pick up some basics and they have fashion for those on a budget!
4	My first time ever in a Primark.Dazzled. I was dazzled. All this stuff for way cheaper than I could ever get it at home. Since I was carrying a backpack for traveling, I hesitated to buy anything because I didn't have a lot of leeway space and wanted to save it for souvenirs for people. Screw it. I decided to just start hucking things in le garbage because I needed to buy stuff here. I don't envision these things being forever items, but there are just so many things here that I needed to buy.On this particular visit, since it was a Monday, there was a hardly anyone in here. We were able to wander freely, swinging our arms looking for bargains. Undies for one pound... scarves for three. I bought two pairs of summer flats, fabric with eyelets all over, for five pounds a pair. I also got my favourite style of eyelash curler in the desperation aisle (the one leading to the cash that they make you pass through) along with a mug for my hubby shaped like a camera lens. Who buys crap like that? Me. It was three pounds, down from fifteen. I restrained myself. My friends ended up buying a ton of what they called essentials. I would have bought an animal onesie had I deemed it an essential. Where else can you get one of those when it's not Halloween. No where I know, that's for sure. We didn't have to wait at all in the desperation aisle. In and out of there so fast.
3	Eh. It's a big Primark.Nothing more, nothing less. A bit less hectic/messy than the London varieties. We popped in recently to pick up some oops-we-forgot-to-pack warm pajamas for Christmas and were pleasantly surprised to see how well staffed the store was. They had plenty of people working at the cashwraps and even in the busy days before Christmas, things were flowing.
2	It's a Primark: you know what you're getting yourself into. An enormous store (5 floors I think? 6?) of very cheap (both in terms of quality and price) clothes and some houseware stuff. Even compared to other Primarks, this store feels disorganized and messy, particularly on the weekends. There are good deals to be found if you're willing to spend great amounts of time weeding through schlock. If I need a cheap miniskirt to wear that night or something basic like socks or stockings, Primark is totally reliable. I find that any clothes more complex than that tend to be as unflattering as the store's florescent lighting.
3	Oh my. Primark. That bastion of semi-disposable, slave-made clothing. It can sometimes be good but it can also be really cheap and tatty. I like to buy pyjamas here but the clothing is generally of thin material that breaks up upon washing and the cut is not always flattering. I most dislike their children's clothing for girls. It veers into hoochie-mama, mini-tartdom with lots of sparkle, lots of shine and lots of not-very-edifying slogans on tops like "I'm a princess" or "Born to shop". Just not what I would select for my kids. I think I like the colours and cut of H&M's clothing better, especially for children and they are just up the street. You can find a gem or two here but it is often crowded and it is a bit of a slog up and down all the floors to come away with not much. I look in sometimes. I usually regret it afterwards.
5	I just love Primark. They offer a wide selection of clothes, shoes and accessories for very low prices. Of course that sometimes effects the quality but I have loads of stuff from there which is still good after years. The location of Primark is usually in the main shopping area of a city, unfortunately except for Austria. The shops are spacious and modern. The biggest problem there are the racks, which often are untidy and this makes it hard to find the right size. But I still think that buying nice and good stuff for so little money is worth the effort. So Primark is always on my list when I go to the UK.
3	This place is terrifying.I feel like, if ever there was a zombie apocalypse, the folks that frequent Primark are bound to have the upper hand. From ducking crazed humans to maneuvering tight spaces, under harsh conditions (florescent lighting counts) - it's the best apocalypse 101 course a person could ask for...Needless to say, when brain thirsty monsters take over the world, i'm toast.I lasted all of 15 minutes in this place, most of which was spent standing in the middle of racks looking exceptionally overwhelmed. I'm not a big box shopper - I prefer my "should go to a department store type establishment" shopping to be done online to avoid places like this. It's huge, it's busy and you can buy pretty much anything for under $15. That alone tends to terrify me about joints like this - how anyone can sell a winter jacket for $12 is beyond me. But if you can stomach the bright lights and badly constructed crop tops and acid washed jeans (when did the 90's come back?!), this place, like others of its kind, is pretty decent for the staples.In all my huffing, puffing and general distaste for the whole experience, I did manage to make it out with about 10 pairs of tights and a cheapo pair of flats. All which came out to a hilariously minimal total of $21.So if your seeking survival tips and a new scarf - maybe venture in here. But plan a spot for a quiet tea and meditation afterwards. You'll need it.
