5	Silke's is a small town eatery in a town that needs one. A little piece of home for snowbirds, and a gathering place for local families. A wide variety of homemade foods, cooked like mom would make if she had the time. This place always  reminds me of the small town cafes in Michigan.
4	We had a gift card for this place so thought we'd take my husband's parents and check it out. It was pretty good. The decor is old but that's fine with me...I wasn't there to get interior decorating tips:) Between the 4 of us we had the London Broil, Chicken Fried Steak, and Walnut Chicken Salad. The Chicken Fried Steak and London Broil came with HUGE salads, side of veggies, and a potatoe side. The Walnut Chicken Salad was big too and all 3 came with the yummiest cheddar biscuits I have ever had. There was more than enough food to satisfy all of our appetites! All of the food was tasty and had a homemade feel to it...not a processed, pre-packaged feel. There was hardly anyone in there when we went but by the time we left a few more tables filled up. Even though there was only one waitress she still served us promptly. The waitress was extremely friendly and helpful. We had our little 8 month old with us and it was the perfect low-key place to take her out to. We will definitely be returning again.
4	This place is close to where I work and I eat there semi-regularly - I've  never once been disappointed in their food.  The decor isn't fancy and their fare is pretty much homey, classic American grill, just like the name says, but they have some surprisingly inspired specials and they deliver good meals and attentive service.  When you order a club sandwich, you get chunky, tender roasted turkey hunks instead of deli-sliced meat.  Their fries are among the best I've ever had and that's no lie, and their homemade potato chips are equally grand - thick-cut, well-browned and quite delicious.  These folks know their way around a snack potato!
2	Service was for the most part prompt but I think that's about all the positive I can say. Actually the coffee was good too. We went here for breakfast the other day as I saw the 4 star review. My wife had chicken fried steak and was rather bland and had too much gravy on it. Home fires were pretty good though. I had corned beef hash and eggs - not nearly enough corned beef served. The kicker was within an hour of leaving, we both became sick. Not crazy vomiting sick, but nauseous like you feel like your going to vomit sick - gurgling belly with heart burn.  My best guess as we ordered different items was a dirty kitchen grill.
4	Silke's is a neighbor hood place not too far from where we live.  We have eaten there 4 or 5 times in the last few months.  There have been some good changes in the food since the new owner took over.  We enjoyed all three lunch items today. The club sandwich was tasty and satisfying, the garden salad with grilled chicken breast was large and fresh. I have to give them props for having a local microbrew IPA on tap (SanTan Devils Ale).  It is so refreshing to see smaller businesses embrace local breweries instead of the usual parade of Bud, Miller, Coors products!Not fancy, but good food; we'll be going back.Oh yeah, they have an active e-mail campaign with coupons offered weekly.  It helped to have a Home Run deal today!
4	I'd have to echo comments from some other diner's:  don't judge this book by it's cover.  Nice menu (something for everyone), well-prepared food, and super service.  OK, the decor is a bit 1980's, but I don't eat decor.  Recommended!
1	Food is gross! I even gave them the benefit and went twice!
5	We went to dinner with ten friends.  We all loved it!  The waitress (Misty) was fantastic.  She took all twelve orders without writing anything on paper!  The food was served promptly with not one mistake. Everyone  loved their food. We had tilapia, taco salad, Reuben, club sandwich, hamburgers and cod.  The owner/chef came out and talked with us--very nice young man.  It is not a fancy place but everyone there was working hard to provide good food and good service.  They succeeded!
