4	I met my cousin here for a late lunch a few weeks back.  This is a huge open restaurant surrounded by glass windows that go from floor to ceiling. So I was easily distracted.  It wasn't intuitive to me where I ordered or what to do.  But there were friendly people there and my cousin nudged me in the right direction. It is a huge menu and you can have pretty much anything you can think of.  Breakfast, sandwiches, salads, etc.  So I decided on the meatloaf sandwich which was described as being an open sandwich.My cousin had the orzo salad was a mix of cool pasta and fresh spinach with slivered almonds, crumbles of feta, warm slices of chicken, and a drizzle of sweet balsamic dressing.  It was huge!  My meatloaf sandwich was more of a pattymelt without the melt.  It was a round flat piece of meatloaf that had the flavors of meatloaf but not the texture.  I should have known when as soon as it was served the manager came over to ask me specifically how it was.  I told him that I thought it was a patty melt rather than a meatloaf sandwich.  It didn't make him happy.  Oh, well.After you order you are given a number and you sit down.  They did a great job making sure our drinks were refilled and checking on us though it really wasn't a sit-down restaurant.  So I didn't know if I should leave a tip or not.   But on a good note we sat there for almost 2 hours and we never once had to ask for a refill.  It is a new restaurant and needs to work some kinks out but it was an easy place to meet and wasn't too expensive.  Sandwiches and salads go for $8.97-10.97.   Just on a side note - the women's restroom is decorated in a neon green color that has to be seen to be believed.  They are not afraid of color here. So if you are going to the movies at the Camelback Esplanade give it a try.
2	Actually two and a half stars.My experience was similar to April's.  This place definitely has kinks, although, I think they've been open 3 or 4 months, so I'd have hoped the kinks had been worked out.I went it at noon on a Sunday and it was pretty slow, about 1/4 full, mostly with families with kids.  The place was all "just a tich" out of place...tables and chairs out of place, the floors were a mess with crumbs, toast crusts, napkins, etc.  The counter staff seemed a little frazzled.  I saw 6-7 different people running food, from the bus boy to the counter lady, to the pastry chef and the manager.  Everything seemed just a little a miss.My sandwich, the Grilled chicken procsiutto was pretty good, but I'd sub a different bread next time -- it was a 9 grain ciabatta that didn't fit with the tastes of the sandwich.  You can sub a salad for fries for 97 cents, which I dig.  Overall, a weird experience...I was hoping for more.  The Esplanade needs a casual, quick, inexpensive option for grabbing a quick bite before or after a show.  I'll try it again in hopes that the atmosphere and vibe is different in the evening than it is on Sunday at noon.
3	Broad menu.  Staff a little disorganized but friendly.  The food was not distinguished.  The vertical Boston Cream dessert was tasty; others were dry or just not worth the calories.  The staff is friendly, but a little overwhelmable....Maybe I should have gotten breakfast.
2	While I give the management props for honoring our gift certificate, even though our total rang up below the minimum price, the food was teh ick. I got the fish tacos. I understand the urge to make them unique, and different from the thousands of varieties of fish tacos available in the Valley. But this attempt was a huge miss. The tilapia tasted pretty muddy, even for tilapia. It was served with a really sweet, sticky, almost BBQ-style sauce. I was alternately pleased that it was so cloying that it almost covered the icky river flavor of the tilapia, and perplexed at this odd pairing. The avocados also had a funny, chemical flavor to them. Double-yuck.
3	7th Heaven could be perfectly good, if it weren't for the fact that they overcharge just because they can.  Located in the Camelback Esplanade, lunch options for all the office worker bees are limited, and they know they have us by the short and curlies.The dcor is interesting, because the menu is almost trying to be like a 50's diner, but they couldn't quite give up all the current favorites (hummus plate, bruschetta, things like that), and they even play a lot of 50's music.  But the colors and stylings SCREAM late-mid 80's.  Weird neon crap and wavy lines every which way you turn.  Sorry guys, that part of the 80's is NOT BACK.  So far I've had the breakfast, which really was good, but about $3 more than you'd pay at The Good Egg or anywhere else comparable.  Same for the burger I had at lunch today.  The fries are delicious though, I can't take that away.  There's a lot on the menu that looks good and I can't wait to try (helloooooo brie and fruit plate!!), but I'm thinking it will have to be more of a once-a-week teeny lunchtime splurge, as you're really not going to get out for under $15.  I know I'm sounding really cheap right now, but it really adds up when you're doing it 5 days a week.   They did have a sign up for some killer happy hour specials, although nothing about this place says "cool place to chill out and get loaded".  Then again, I guess for $1.50, anywhere is a cool place to chill out and get loaded.7th Heaven, I'll be back... save a milkshake for me!
2	UPDATE: AVOID THE COFFEE! From the regular house brew to a latte, run like hell. You'll find swilling motor oil much more pleasant. ***Now, here comes the Happy Hour Review: $1.77 - that's all I gotta say. When you come here for happy hour, you leave knowing you paid as little as possible. That's a novel idea. It'd be even better if the food was worth the trip. Forget the chicken satay. Go for the southwestern egg rolls. As for drinks, if you have a discerning palate, you're out of luck. The beer selection is very minimal. I wanted to try the Black Butte Porter. Turns out management and bar staff are arguing over what beer to sell. The two I would have drank, including Sam Adams, is not on the menu. The waitress even said, "And don't ask for Sam Adams, either. We don't have that." Well, sheesh. $1.77 cupcake? Ok, why not. German chocolate is what I tried. It was okay, as far as cupcakes go. It's amazing that even though you're paying $1.77 for the food you eat here, it doesn't make it taste any better. I'd much rather throw down a few more smackaroos and be satisfied then literally getting what my money paid for - $1.77 of mediocrity.
2	I tried to like this place, even went about 5 times... but just couldn't.  I used to be in photography group and we met there twice because it was big, but it just wasn't good. I would never go back here again.
