5	Under new ownership, and it can't get any better then this!  Everyone there seem to be happy, unlike another tattoo shop here in Vegas I have been in where they all seem to talk about there owner while tattooing you.  this place the owner is great, the tattoos are great, and the employees are happy to be there.  I will be going back, and be taking family and friends there.  Quick Draw Tattoos is a great little shop!
5	I'm in love with this place! Really clean inside, classic art on the walls, and a ridiculously friendly and talented staff. Matt is creating an amazing sleeve for me, and Kevin keeps me laughing and entertained throughout the process!There's a ton of places to eat nearby, bring a friend and have them go on a food run to any of the 2 dozen joints in the immediate area.Matt has excellent communication skills and is able to articulate his vision clearly and concisely, there hasn't been a single conflict, it's like he's inside my brain. He's also a very talented artist, the detail and shading on my piece from just one session is almost mind-blowing, I can't WAIT for my next session!I just wish they had a shop easily accessible from the Strip, I'm a bartender and this piece has already become a major focal and conversation topic, I'll be a walking billboard for this place within a few weeks as it gets even more amazing. I can't send guests here via taxi!
5	Let's see... Under new ownership, and very clean and upscale verse some tattoo places in this town! The owner takes pride in his place and is there EVERYDAY!  Ive been getting piercings done by Kelli for about a year now.  I have an orbital, conch and dermal punch (00) done on my upper cartilge in my left ear, all done by him.  I've had several piercings done else where by other people who I wouldnt recommend like I would Kelli.  He takes his time and makes sure that your piercing is in the exact right spot its supposed to be.  Hes also very gentle and actually takes pride in what he does.  After being pierced by him, I wont go anywhere else!As of last night, I just got a tattoo done by Kevin. Its still in the process of healing(duh.) He took his time and his line and circle work is great!  I knew exactly what I wanted and he did exactly that on my arm!  Thank you Kev!
4	Went here recently to get my navel pierced.  I called to see if an appointment was needed.  The staff was really friendly and helpful over the phone.  I was given a price quote ($40) and told they'd be able to accommodate me the same day or I could walk in anytime. Great!The location was really easy to find.  It was nice and clean on the inside.  The door was open when I arrived, so I just walked in.  There was no one at the front counter so I waited around for a couple minutes before someone showed up from the back area.I filled out some paperwork and we got right to it.  It was a really quick and easy process.  I could tell the staff take pride in their work, even in something so small as a piercing.  I love the finished product and was given tips on how to care for it.I would've given this place 5 stars, but I knocked 1 star off because the person who did my piercing went outside to smoke right beforehand (which I don't mind), but then he came back and didn't wash his hands and just went straight to putting gloves on.  Since I'm a health care professional, that minor detail kind of irked me.  Just a note for the staff to always wash your hands, especially in the presence of the customer.  It just reinforces your cleanliness in what you do and gives your customer peace of mind.  Other than that, great job!
5	After having my ripped pierced ears sewn up 15 months ago, I was apprehensive to find the right place to repierce my ears.  I read the yelp reviews and decided on Quick Draw.  I called ahead but did not need an appointment.  Taeylor (not sure of spelling, i lost her card) did a thorough & conscientious job.  She is a perfectionist who did not do the piercing until she (& I) were happy with the markings.  It is now almost 8 weeks later, I have healed wonderfully and am so happy with the job she did.  I highly recommend Taeylor to anyone looking for a quality piercing.
5	I went here after going to Jungle Zone (not nice service btw) and talked to the front man Duke. He was such an awesome guy helping me get a pair of earrings cause I've had trouble with earrings for as long as I can remember. And he didn't just sell stuff to me, like he actually EDUCATED me in piercings and how to care for it, what to do and what not to do and such unlike everyone else I've approached. And they take piercing seriously so if you need piercing help this is the place to go.Have not done a tattoo here yet but when I am ready for one which will hopefully be soon I will update.
5	I have been tattooed here over five times and definitely plan to come back more. All the artists are amazing and take great pride in their work.
5	I went here to buy a nose ring and the guy at the front was super nice and informative. I didn't feel pressed to buy something I didn't want or need. Great service. I will keep going back for all my piercing needs.
1	Leah and jessi are good artists but the owner cliff "duke" will try to sell you junk jewelry and call it top of the line. He pretends to know what he's talking about(tattoos/or piercings) but the fact is he never owned a shop before and will BS you. He's good at that. Hell sell you H2Ocean even though everyone in the business will tell you its crap. He's a salesman not a tattoo artist or a knowledgeable shop owner. He's also liable to sexually harass any good looking woman who walks in the door. If your into that than go for it. If your into being pressured into buying something and ogled by a perv go for it. Otherwise jessi and Leah are good tattoo artists. Just avoid duke the pushy douche bag.
5	came in for a nose piercing, found a gold hoop I have been looking for everywhere & finally found it! Ryan & Duke from the shop helped me out and made me feel so comfortable. I had such a great experience with them and I would highly recommend anyone to get helped by them. I will definitely be coming back here again.
5	Fantastic little shop! I went here for a piercing and had more than a wonderful experience with piecer Ryan Dreyfuss. He is very knowledgeable, super easy to talk to, and makes what can be a painful experience, pleasurable. I am at the beginning stages of getting my ears gauged, and he expertly explained the process and what is to be expected. Looking forward to future sessions with him. Simply stated he ROCKS!
5	This place is awesome for piercings. Ryan Dreyfuss pierced me twice in my forward helix and gotta love him! Anyone who says a cartilage piercing doesn't hurt is lying, BUT Ryan did it practically pain-free. He's also extremely knowledgable - definitely paid attention in anatomy class! I value his opinion, so when he said I should only get two holes instead of the three I wanted, I listened. And now I see why - I'm loving the placement! The place is clean too, and the other guy there that does tattoos is super cool :) Great guys all around.
5	Came in and got a tattoo from Jace today. I've had other tattoos done before and I've never had somebody pay so much attention to detail. Super cool guy and is definitely good at what he does! Very chill atmosphere. They made me feel right at home, from the owner to the artist. I will definitely be back!
5	Had a tattoo done by Jace and he was awesome. First the place was very clean and comfortable. Second Jace was very accommodating and professional through out the entire session. Made us feel very comfortable and was on point with his art work. He took his time before hand to make sure the tattoo was exactly what I wanted and I felt comfortable before he began his work. Also met Duke and he was a top notch guy he switched the music to make us feel even more comfortable and was very respectful and professional. These guys are great artist and very professional I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for great tattoo. 5 stars for sure!
5	Okay, so I did a stupid thing in my 20s.I had some idiots name tattooed on my back. Lucky for me almost 20 years later did I find Jace at quick draw tattoo. Not only is he professional but he is also a profectinist. I can not be happier with my cover up. Duke who is the owner is one hell of a guy. Always entertaining with his stories a true gem of a human being. Also, they have a new tattoo artist named color she is awesome very easy going and a brilliant artist. The store is kept clean and very laid back. Jace does some of the best work in Vegas in my opinion and he is a wonderfully brilliant and dedicated artist.I highly recommend him. Truly a artist with a undeniable love for his work.Don't take my word for it. Go see for yourself.I dare you to love it as much as I do.
