5	I take all of my shoe repair and clothing mending to these guys. They never disappoint!
5	Good stuff! They fixed my shoes within 24 hrs and came out looking like new for $15
5	Great place. I took a pair of sandals in for a minor repair and he didn't charge me. Great customer service and I will go back.
1	I took a pair of shoes to this place.  It was a simple repair, they just needed the straps glued back in.  I was shocked when I went in and there were display cases of watches and only old shoes in sight.  It looked like a fence for something.  I showed him my shoes and he told me the only thing he could do was staple the straps on the outside.  The shoes are Steve Madden Juke and it would have change the entire look.  He informed me that was the look now.  Um no, I'll try somewhere else and left.  I took them to another shop and the owner glued them and fixed them for me for $15.  Would never go back to this place, not even if I were shopping for a watch.
5	Very friendly owners. I've went twice and they were accommodating to my needs and rushed a repair for me at no charge. I also went in for flats that hurt the back of my ankle. They hammered them and applied wax to them at a very low cost. The shoe repairs were done very well. And staff are awesome. I highly recommend!
5	Great service and very friendly brothers. I have been to other shoe repair and alterations shops, this one is by far very neatly kept and organized. They are very talented in there work. I have been coming to Yuri and Vladimir for many years along with my friends and family. They have always been honest in what can and should be worth it to fix and alter, there is close to nothing that they can't do, being in business for over 20+ years, they have mastered a lot in there work! They don't just do alterations on clothing and shoes, they also specialize in luggage/purses/leather work/ keys and watches! They are fair with there prices, with the amount of work and time that goes into Manuel labor. Vladimir pretty much does everything by hand and rarely uses machines, extensive tools and hard labor is applied with some shoes like boots. In general my family and friends have never had a problem with this shop! Its convenient, and I'm glad we have them, because there are not that many shops left with these type of repairs!
