1	Wow. I thought PIZZAM was really subpar. So much that I wouldn't go back. I gave it one star for the service - the people working there were quite nice, and the process was quick, too. The food however - ew! We ordered 2 pizzas, salad and a meatball sandwich. The salad was really basic, dressing out of a bottle. We didnt care for the "crust" that was like cardboard, or the toppings - ie, the sausage tasted like what I might find on a frozen Tony's pizza!  I was really hopeful, as I live close enough to walk, but it just didnt work for us.  If you are in the area and really want pizza, try down the street at Picazzo's - much better food and atmosphere.
3	I've been here a couple times. Both times there was nobody in the restaurant, since they were only in business for a couple weeks at that point. I got the greek pizza, which was delicious.  Thinly sliced gyro meat, pesto sauce, and a bunch of veggies. The size was average, but satisfying. The next time I was there I got the veggie pizza, which was also very good. The service was fast and the employees were very friendly. One star off because it seemed that the price was a little high for the size of pizza you get.UPDATE: went here yesterday. One more star off, its just too small! for like $10, I would say not worth it. Either lower the price or offer a larger portion.
5	I love this place! It first caught my eye driving to work.  Their logo includes a shazzam lighting bolt which is rad if your into comics. I went in the place and they had comic art on the walls. The staff made some suggestions of what I should try. I got the slider pizza - (kinda like a cheese burger pizza) they actually used a little brown mustard on top. Anyway it was delicious. I can't get over the helpful staff though. It is very rare that I get that kind of service at a pizza joint.Any way every time I have visited the place there has been no patrons and it breaks my heart because that is a good sign that it isn't going to be around long. If you get the change PLEASE check this place out.
