5	Whever I feel the need to gorge myself with the most stomach-twirling food, I head down to good ol' Roberto's! Not just any Roberto's, it has to be the one on Eastern only. Only here do they really know how to make a great steak enchilada or burrito at four in the morning. Apparently this isn't a secret though, because everytime I arrive, fully hungry (and fully loaded) there is always a wait...but hey, it's a small price to pay for perfection.
4	I concur with other yelpers, this mexican joint often open twenty four hours is such a great Las Vegas institution. Although I do attempt to make my stops in frequent it isn't because it isn't amazing!!!!! Thr rolled tacos with cheese and guac on the side is my favorite thing and the red super hot sauce will burn your mouth, but really taste good!
1	Ok, let me tell you this: ANYBODY WHO RATED THIS PLACE 5 STARS COULD NOT HAVE EATEN AT AN AUTHENTIC TAQUERIA...EVER. Because if they did, they would have easily ripped this place. I mean, c'mon, they throw some so-so carne or what they call carnitas into a tortilla, throw a pinch of cilantro & spoon a little guac and call that a taco? The carne asada was salty and I've made better carnitas in the oven. They didn't even use the "real" chico tortillas and they were single, not doubled up, like every other taqueria I've ever been to in my whole life! The salsa bar was ehhh ok...I guess...But I just couldn't get over how half assed their tacos were. For a place that calls themselves a "Taco shop", I expected a helluvalot more. I guess it's cool that they're open 24 hrs, if you can't think of anywhere else to eat...At least the coconut paleta was good...
4	Though I'm use to the mama y papa taco places of south side Chicago, I gotta say I love the california burrito. And salsa bar? oh lala. salsa verde, salsa rojo, peppers onions carrots(pickled there), cucumber slices, green onions, and ....radishes? Who eats those? Meh. The Cali burrito is carne asada, cheese (sometimes 2 kinds)and fries rolled up. Depending on whose making it you'll find some veggies in there but just tiny bits of onion and tomatoe. I've tried the beef burrito as well equally as good. Unlike other spaced they don't put veggies,rice, beans, all that in the burritos. Pure meaty goodness! You can sit there and eat but I never do. Fair warning though, the red salsa's hotter and plan to be on the toilet if you have too much.
4	Well after eating so many times at this place I decided to finally write a review.The good: I usually go to this Robertos for a late night snack, trough the drive thru  and order the Carne Asada Fries,  more bang for your buck, with taxes it comes out to $8.63. Now i'm a picky eater so I only get the fries, Carne Asada, and the cheese.  It  always taste great and the people working the drive trough are always courteous. The bad: The only thing i periodically dislike is that I don't think they have a set standard of how much stuff they put on your plate/container. Usually I'll get lucky and get great amounts of Carne Asada, Cheese and Fries. A couple of times though the guy making them (it's always a guy) gives me good amounts of beef but will skimp out on the fries and the Cheese. I llike my cheese! lol. The ugly: I think the owner is hella (west coast slang there) cheap. Since we started visiting this Robertos, the drive true speaker has been broken. You usually can't understand the person taking the order, and many times the person taking the order has told us to drive directly to the window were you pay to take our order. I think I've visited 15 times this year, and it still hasn't been fixed.  Also I dislike the whole " pay one extra dollar to use a debit/credit card" their website says they have 65 locations total, I think they can go without that extra "one dollar fee/surcharge" I would have given the "taco shop" a five if it wasn't for the chepness and the irregularity of the carne asada to cheese to fries ratio. The taste of the food and the service does give them a solid 4 in my book. I still recommend this place.
4	The beauty of Roberto's is that if you are driving home from the strip at 3am, it is virtually impossible NOT to find one at that hour. They are everywhere: old Taco Bells, strip malls, gas stations, etc. In every direction of the compass. There must be like twenty five in Vegas. Roberto's is like a Bail Bondsman-- he keeps you out of jail for DUI!
3	I have been to this Roberto's alot and I always get the same thing carne asada burrito...I wanted to try something different so I got the carne asada torta. It was a good size and looked amazing...when I went to pick up the bottom was mush...saddd. the top was nice and crisp and buttery so I just disassembled and ate how I could. I won't be getting again back to my old fave.
2	I want to start off by saying I can't judge nor comment on anyone elses review, however I will advise anyone thinking of eating at this paticular location to get your food to go. There are constanly people around this location that look suspicious. The trash bins and bathrooms were or perhaps still are filled with graffiti.I had the $0.99 chicken tacos, and they were atrocious. They mask some horrible food with cheap prices. If you go to the location on Durango, the tacos taste fresh and crunchy not stale and flavorless.My friend ended up getting a carne asada burrito and was on point so maybe the next time I come in the food will be better and the restaurant will look cleaner.The staff was pretty much on point but that can't compensate for bad food.I speak fluent spanish so communication is not a problem.Maybe next time Roberto.
3	If it wasn't so dirty and smelly and if the service didn't suck so bad this place would rate so much better. Anything on the menu is good but the longer you wait in the day the less fresh everything seems. I have worked in many restaurants and at some who didn't prepare everything fresh for the day and this place is one of them.I recommend take out just because of the smell, but check your order to make sure it's right!
1	Everything tastes like dirty dish water. Same awful taste 6 times in a row. Went 6 times due to its location and hours. Will not go again.
1	UGH! Yesterday, I sent my boyfriend out to get us Roberto's because we just needed our rare fast food fix taken care of. I do not expect much of these places and I know it's not mamas home cooking, but this experience was dreadful, and we ordered to go!I ordered the beef chimichanga. It looked good from the outside. My boyfriend started saying how his chicken tacos tasted bland and way too greasy. I thought he was just being jaded, but once I started digging in to my plate, I noticed I've been eating tortilla and cheese, I thought that was strange so I began to dig in deeper, and sure enough, NO MEAT just about five layers of tortilla and SOME cheese. I was beyond livid and starving. My boyfriend was just as mad because he said that the guy taking the order was giving him such an attitude and didn't give him what he asked for (green/red salsa or limes.) My boyfriend drove all the way back to this location to demand another one prepared properly and sure enough with these dead beats, they accused him of eating all the meat. I'm sorry but why would he order something, only eat some of it, waste gas to drive back, ask for another one if we just wanted the meat? I want the entire thing and it became about the principle by then! Of course more attitude followed. Once he arrived back home, I opened my box and saw a bug WALKING ACROSS my damn chimichanga! I totally lost my appetite and just said forget it. NEVER COMING BACK TO THIS OR ANY LOCATION AGAIN. What happened to you, Roberto? We used to be like THIS! *Crossed my fingers gesture*Everyone who rated this place a four-five star, I hope you loved your nats as a garnish because I'm sure my plate wasn't the only one. YUM!
4	perfect spot to grab a bite to eat when you are done outlet shopping or about to return your rental car.  it was clean and yummy.  service was great.  i had the chicken chimichanga combo, perfect amount of sauces.
2	I do NOT recommend this location, the food is great but the place smells horrible as soon as you walk in. The customer service is horrible as well, there were no customers and the cashier saw me waiting and she did not approach me. I stood there for quite a while and the food took so long when I only ordered one burrito. I recommend any location BUT this one.
1	I came here on August 31st, my husband ordered three tacos, and we decided to eat there. There was no one else in the joint, and we waited about 5 minutes. The tacos came, and my husband tells me he ordered them soft, so I told him I would go and return them. I told the girl who was working and she said "he didn't say soft" I was taken aback so I told her if that was the case I would pay extra for giving us soft tacos. I think I was very nice. She then says " if I do that, I'll throw those ones out" so I say " so I'm stuck with these." Which she turns around and starts talking with her crew.  What makes this worse is I contacted the company with no response. It's one thing to have a rude crew, it's another for a company not to care. Terrible, I should of read all the reviews first.
