4	Spent one Saturday night here on our way to our anniversary vacation. Needed something classy close enough to the airport as we had a very early and international flight.The hotel was recently remodeled. It looks very modern, airy and with vibrant colors. We got a king size bedroom / suite. You can tell the hotel caters to the business traveler:* High speed Wi-Fi, computer desk, mini fridge.* Large comfortable bed and sofa; spacious shower, big shower head.* 42" flat screen TV that you can very well see from both the bed and the sofa.What we liked:* 24 hours self checking kiosk. Saved us time especially at check-out at 5 AM. Watch-out there is an automatic charge for newspaper (you can ask the attendant to write it off). Of course you can still check in / out the old fashion way* Location, comfortable bed, modern furniture, very high-tech.* Starbucks on site. The hotels offers 24 hour ordering option (coffee, deli items, bakery, pizza). My problem was there was no one to MAKE the coffee at 5 AM.What we didn't like:* Limited dinning out options: a sports bar (where we got dinner, pretty good) and a Mexican restaurant, however it was closed that Saturday night.* We were "blessed" to have a teenagers group close to our room. They were loud for a while luckily it didn't last too long. We could have asked to change the room but decided not to. In the end it was OK.Bottom line I do recommend this hotel if you need quality lodging close to the airport.
4	I switched employers a few months back and the new company's preferred hotel group is Hyatt. I was a bit disappointed because the previous employer preferred Marriott and that's where all my points are accumulated. But after several stays in Hyatt properties I'm happy to say "adios" to the Marriott gang. I was expecting a Courtyard equivalent when I booked this hotel near Charlotte's airport and was pleasantly surprised that it's a notch above. Modern appointments including a sofa sectional with a cool leather ottoman, huge flat panel HDTV, mini-fridge, granite and tile, free WIFI, comfortable beds, etc. Downstairs there's a nice bar/lobby area with lots of comfy seats, a workout facility (to make me feel guilty as I walk by it) and a pool outside. There's not a lot nearby as its located in an office park area. But I had no problems finding somewhere to eat fairly close (thanks Yelp and google maps). This is my second stay here and all in all, a good experience.
4	Was looking for something nicer than a Motel 6.  I saw this hotel on line with a good price and wanted to try it out.  Very nice room and great price.  Wifi actually has a strong signal and flat screen TV is great.  Check in was also easy.  There is a kiosk available for check in and check out, if front desk is busy.  I've been to many hotels around the world and this one is very nice for the price.
5	This hotel was a pleasant and affordable surprise. First experience at the Hyatt Place brand and was instantly impressed with the room appointments, decor and overall comfort. Perfect for business travelers or people needed something near the airport. There are few late night services in the area so have your food prior to arrival. The continental breakfast was better than most and there were always apples available in the lobby for a healthy snack.
4	I've stayed here many times over the past couple of months.  These guys do a great job with customer service.  When I arrive, I'm greeted warmly by the front desk staff.  The rooms are nice and roomy, and come with a small kitchen sink and mini-fridge.  The flat-screen TV is set up to allow input from a variety of devices, including laptops, dvd players or video game systems.  The bed is pretty decent.  The only downside to the bed situation is that if you're in a room with two doubles, one of the doubles is less than six inches from the air-conditioner.In the mornings, they offer a cold continental breakfast that includes fruit, yogurt, instant oatmeal, bagels, english muffins, cereal and juices.  While your eating breakfast, you can peruse your complimentary Wall Street Journal.  They also offer a hot breakfast option ($$) in their cafe, along with lunch and dinner options throughout the day.If you don't choose to eat in, there's a Salsarita's across the parking lot, next to Yu Yu's and Jersey Mike's.  Toppers Pizza delivers to the hotel, as does a local Indian restaurant.Fitness room is decent, but only contains four pieces of cardio equipment (elliptical, two treadmills, and a stationary bike).  They have a bigger gym at their sister facility and they'll be happy to give you a ride over if you want to do any weight work.If you're looking for a place to stay and you need something close to the airport, I'd recommend the Hyatt Place CLT Airport/Tyvola Road.
5	I travel for a living and staying in places like this always makes my stay away from home a little more tolerable. Most rooms come equipped with a large HD TV. mini fridge and big couch to put your feet up and relax. Get up early for the free breakfast and fresh coffee. The only downside is the variety of dinning choices in the area. The tex-mex cantina across the parking lot is all that is available.
5	It was perfect. The service was unreal for a hotel of this price. The rooms were great, everything was clean, and it was very quiet for an airport hotel. The bed slept fairly well (I am spoiled by a tempurpedic), and the business center had everything I needed, free of charge. Internet and parking were free. Starbucks 24/7!
4	During a three night business trip to Charlotte, I stayed at the Hyatt Place by the Charlotte Airport. I recommend the stay. Everything was just fine... rooms and facilities were clean, the hotel was very convenient and, considering it's distance to the airport, it was quiet. Breakfast was good and so was the staff. I reserved online at http://tinyurl.com/2avolkt but the cool thing is that I got a rebate by mailing this form in http://travel.ian.com/index.jsp?pageName=promo&cid=308118 .
5	Only a few things matter to me in a hotel while on business trips;1. Bed2. TV3. Bathroom4. General SpaceThis Hyatt nailed them all. The bed was nice, the TV was huge, the bathroom was pretty good, and the room was basically a suite. I had a very comfortable stay there and would definitely go back the next time I'm conned into going to Charlotte.
4	Warm and welcoming. Modern and very comfortable. Clean. Great bed. Big TV. Very nice staff. Will stay again.
5	Rooms are large and spacious.
1	The aesthetics of the hotel is great! Though if you are booking the meeting space you may think twice. After contracting for 10 plus dates for the year, plus staying at the hotel for the same amount of days and bringing revenue from attendees through rooms and lunch, the hotel canceled my last 2 meetings because a corporation wanted those dates, which would bring a higher revenue for the hotel. It is beyond poor business.
5	The way all hotels should be.If staying near the Charlotte Airport this is a must stay.  The place seems brand new, and the rooms are top notch.  The room you will get is bigger than most apartments in NYC.  Each room has a staging area with a built in L shaped couch.  Rooms come equipped with 46 inch flat screens, wet bar, fridge, and desk.  It is basically two rooms in one.  They also have a free breakfast in the morning and the staff is very helpful.  Will be staying here again.
4	I just stayed here for 4 days/3 nights for work.  I've been going through Charlotte a lot recently and trying some different places.  I really like the location for my business and travel needs.  Close to the airport, close to the highway.  Easy to get to.They recently did a complete remodel of the place and the rooms are GREAT!  Some of the best I've stayed in for this price.  It was VERY comfortable for business.  Great bed, nice work and dressing area, and the breakfast is among the best I've had at any business hotel.Why only four stars?  The local restaurant selection...within a VERY short walk, is really limited to chain fast-food type establishments.  There just isn't ANYTHING nearby that is quality, or uniquely GOOD local food.  So, if you are staying for a while, plan on having to drive at least 15 minutes to the south side of Charlotte for truly good food and dining experience....same goes for night life....nothing here.That said, I was here for work.  I will definitely come here again.
4	I stayed here last week with a coworker and had a great experience.  I love that all Hyatt Place hotels are consistent...you always know what you are going to get!  That is a huge compliment for a large brand as I know how hard that is to do.The rooms are great - comfortable beds, large TV's with separate sleeping and sitting areas.  The staff was great - so friendly and helpful with restaurant recommendations and getting us a cab.This hotel is very convenient to the airport and reasonably priced - check it out!
4	My family & I stayed here earlier this week for three nights.The rooms were nice and very spacious, although the bathroom was very small; should have been designed with a pocket door instead of a regular door. The hotel food (room service) really has a variety of items and very reasonably priced and the service was always friendly. Overall very pleased and would highly recommend for anyone.
5	Wow, this place is amazing!  The suite was HUGE!!  There was even a sectional living room area.  The bed was incredibly comfortable, shower HOT, and friendly staff.  The breakfast was yummy too!  I will definitely be staying at the Hyatt again!! :)
5	I chose this hotel for one night because of its' great value and space for a large group of us (3 adults and 3 children). I was completely wowed by this hotel. The room we had had 2 beds and the sofa sectional was a sofa bed. There was a divider to separate the living area from the beds. The beds were very comfortable with plenty of pillows. There was one TV that could be tilted and viewed from each room. There was also a fridge and small bar sink. Continental breakfast was free but it was better than your typical continental. They had a good variety of hot breakfast sandwiches with the typical fixings. There was also a bar where you could have beer and wine and espresso drinks!Decor in the rooms and hotel is very modern and just how I like it. They also do a free shuttle to the airport and is across the parking lot from some eateries (Nana's Soul Food was a personal favorite). I would enthusiastically recommend this hotel.
5	Friendly desk staff.  Rooms clean and modern.Breakfast was not bad.TV was unhooked but easy to remedy.Living area was great with multiple stools.
1	Not good!Stayed there on 4/3 for business Nice staff at check in, but that is where the good experience ended.Must have been there during the "rude, obnoxious good old boys convention".  From 2 am to 4 am, loud, drunk, obnoxious idiots slamming doors and taking over the 6th floor hallways". When I was leaving there were broken wine glasses and trash in the hallway.Upon checkout I indicated how disappointed I was and that there was glass in the hallway.  Staff could have cared less. Maybe was just my bad timing, but I wouldn't stay here ever again if you want to sleep and it is certainly run worse then any other high end business hotel I have been in.
5	One word -- Amazing!We stayed here for a night and arrived past midnight. The check-in personnel was gracious. The hotel amenities were fantastic and the staff helpful. The room was clean, spacious and comfortable. The room also has a coffeemaker and a mini-fridge. Breakfast was included - there were two variations of french toasts that were worth trying, with different variations of coffee and tea provided. Wifi was also free. The toiletries were also of good quality. Personal items were also offered for free at the front desk such as sunblock, nail clippers, shaving cream, nail polish, make up remover, etc. The hotel atmosphere was quaint, trendy and modern. The toiletries and personal items might seem like a small thing, but for travelers like us, the small things make a difference.
4	The accommodation served us well. The decor is simple but elegant as we expect from Hyatt. The highlight was their happy hour. Dominique pours wine and beer to the guests with friendliness and aplomb. The appetizers range from sausage sandwiches ( ok) to apple salads (mmm mmm!) with a few small yet tasty desserts. The crowd all mingle  well during the two hours and Dominique supplies the smiles and drinks. A lovely way to end a long business or travel day!  Easy access on and off  from route 85,so it works in all departments!
4	This hotel was great. Lobby hosts were super sweet. My phones weren't hooked up in the room when I got in, but maintenance came and fixed it up in a flash, and with a smile. The design is nice, and there's plenty of room in the king room. Best part was the strong wifi signal. I was able to do work, surf the internet, catch up on my Netflix and play some video games. Anytime my free wifi is that good I'm a happy bunny.The hotel has free shuttle service to the airport, but be sure to schedule 1 drop off prior to the one you need...I ended up waiting 20 minutes for the driver to come out to the van at the hotel. He was apologetic and sweet when he was there, but it's still rough when you're trying to catch a flight or manage your itinerary. Tip: they will drive you anywhere within their radius, so check out what's around and don't be shy to ask for a ride somewhere nearby!Speaking of nearby, it's only about 15 minutes anywhere (Southpark Mall, Target, restaurants, etc) by car, so if you have a rental this is still a good option!All in all, I would absolutely stay again if I ever find myself in the Charlotte airport area overnight again.
5	I have never stayed in a Hyatt Place. However, I had no choice after my flight was cancelled again by U.S. Airways ( that is another story). So they provided a voucher to the Hyatt Place. I was very impressed with the decor but especially with the great customer service. The young lady name Beverly (I think)mans Shuttle driver/cook/room service guy was awesome. The room was very nice and clean. I always love a room that has a mini refrigerator and microwave. They don't have a restaurant per say, but the do have a limited menu of salads and desserts. Additionally, they freshly  make them per order. I love building my points with Hilton, but I will strongly consider Hyatt palace in my future travel plans.
3	I've stayed at many Hyatt's from the Place to Parks. First off, I know I'm a bit late on this review. but I was there 6/17-6/20 and 6/26/14So here it goes. Hyatt Place are mostly for business travelers and or families about to head out for vacation because most to almost all Hyatt Places are located in a 10 mile radius of an airport (especially International airports). So the location of this proprety was of course only 10- 15 mins away. HOWEVER!! This shouldn't have excused them of being late picking me up or rushing me ( I'll explain)So my plane didn't land until 1130pm - I just had to wait another 10 mins for my luggage. Yes, I know their shuttle service ends at Midnight. YES! I get that! But don't call me and ask if I still needed the room and if I was ever going to come because they would have "released" it to resale... Wait what?!First off you don't say that, second audit usually doesn't run their end of day system until 2am anyways so... Imma need ya to calm down. Good note, the staff are laid back... a little too laid back, but it's okay it was 1am, and  I was too tired to care really plus  I just got done working out in their VERY little "gym" and just needed to have a sit before I ran the stairs to my room. Sidenote - probably the smallest stay fit gym out of all the Hyatt Places that I've stayed at. Also a good note: They were in the middle of upgrading the property from a category 1 to what looks like a 2 or 3? (Now if you all stay at Hyatt Place Charlotte Uptown, now that is a Category 3-4 Hyatt Place and it is VERY nice!)The rooms were great! Like any other HP's, you have the "living" area, desk, wet bar, mini frig, and then you have a little wall where the bed is located and the vanity and sink in front of it, with a stand in shower. The carpet and furniture was def new. One bad thing- the 24/7 market case was very messy, and none of the sandwiches or salads look fresh. Also in their cafe area, they had their personals cups all over the place. How does that pass with health code?HEADS UP: Shuttle is horrible.  Its airport priority which is fine. But it took them an hour to pick me up (The second time I stayed there 6/26/14)... and almost 2 hours to pick me up from a restaurant.  They dont give an estimated time.
5	This hotel was wonderful! The first look at the lobby is great - up to date decorations, granite countertops, friendly staff. Nothing but impressed by the room - there is a spacious living room with a sectional sofa in the area closest to the door, which shares a tv with the bedroom area in the double rooms. Two sinks, full bath, nice workspace. Remember to bring your HDMI cable to hook up your laptop to the TV - they make it really convenient by building and input strip into the tv stand. Our group used the fitness center (emphasis on free weights and treadmills, which I prefer), as well as the outdoor pool. The breakfast in the morning was really fresh and cute! They were putting out sausage biscuits a few at a time, as they were made and eaten. If you're looking for bites within walking distance, try Nana's Soulfood - it's just across the parking lot!
4	The staff was so attentive and addressed all of our requests. The service was excellent -nothing bad to say. The room was well-decorated and comfortable. There is the noise of the freeway but not so disturbing- just ask for higher floor. The pool area with fireplace was amazing. The restaurant was also nice. I absolutely recommend it.
4	A good hotel, well located, with excellent service from the front desk to the waiters in the restaurant. Highly recommended. In particular I am pleasantly surprised by the excellent service provided by Miesha, Joseph, Logan, and Lonny. Thank you very much!
4	Solid 4 stars! Friendly, accommodating staff, great complimentary breakfast, strong coffee and convenient noon checkout. I booked through Hotwire and, for less than $80, got a very nice 1.5 room suite with a comfy bed, L couch and nice local channel selection. The free Internet connection was consistent enough for me to watch Netflix on my computer without interruption - impressive! My stay at the Hyatt Place really helped me make the most of an unfortunate cancelled flight situation. I would definitely stay here again.
