5	What a great little shop with great customer service! I had a bad experience at another jeweler and came to Rare Lion Jewelry for a second option, and I am very glad I did.  Even though I wasn't purchasing anything the lady behind the counter took the time to give me advice about a ring sizing issue I was having.  Its nice to find someone who will take the time to help you at no benefit to themselves.
1	As a business owner  you hate to receive a bad review and you understand the difficulty of giving a bad review but I couldn't believe what happen at this shop yesterday. I went in and looked around and I asked about a Pin and Necklace and as the owner was pulling them out she thought I was not looking she pulled of the price tag which I saw before ($95) and put a new tag of $245.I called her on it and she said she's the owner of the store and it was an old price and she could do whatever she wants! That's bat S**t crazy! Just two weeks ago I had an item miss tagged in my booth and I honored the price even though I lost on the deal because it's the honorable thing to do for your client, your customer and yourself.It was the customer that caught the mistake and it's the customer that should benefit.This item in her shop was not miss tagged but knowing I'm a dealer she just thought she could get more money out of me.This owner has no honor and low character and where I come from what she did is called a scam, a cheat and a switcharoo. That is a big no no in business getting caught trying to cheat a potential customer and I will let all my dealer friends know what happened and to avoid this shop and especially the owner.I think you should do the same!
5	Having been on the hunt for an antique diamond ring for a long time, at this little treasure chest, I finally found the perfect ring, at an affordable price.The owner of this place was informative and more knowledgeable about  estate jewelry than anyone at any antique store I have ever been to. She treated me like a family member. It is well worth a visit for anyone who likes good quality jewelry and appreciates real antiques. I will definitely be returning. 5 stars.
5	Great little shop with excellent customer service. Michelle helped me out and she was not only knowledgable about their merchandise but was really patient and sweet with me (I wanted to see everything!)
1	I went to this store 3 times trying to purchase a necklace for my wife's birthday. Owner won't sell. Maybe because I'm not white ... she won't even hear out my offer. Will not be back.
