4	Have you ever heard of a dry cleaners that has a Rewards Program? No? Well me either; but Tide Dry Cleaners has one. And they have 24-hr drop off and pick-up services. And they are a green business. I wondered years ago why dry cleaners never improved their business models. Well, here is one that has improved.  And improved significantly.Walking in the store it does not smell of chemicals or dirty, musty clothes. It smells fresh & clean. A good sign, right?Some things you just can't clean yourself. Some things you must leave to the professionals.TIDE Dry Cleaners are the professionals.
1	Gave them a try: 3 of 4 pants are going back because they are wrinkled and not well pressed. At $5.50 per pair it's unacceptable.  Being green is great, but lazy is lazy.  The night pickup is great, however, I'd rather they do a better job with the basics.
1	The worst service ever. Ripped my expensive comforter. Manager Was rude and made it seem like they did me a favor for not charging for the service. Overcharged me for the rest of the service by running my card for a higher amount, then wanted to give me store credit instead of a refund. You've gotta be kiddin me...store credit...I'm never going back there.
1	I use dry cleaners quite frequently, spending roughly $80+ per month on dry cleaning.  My wife had been wanting to try the Tide dry cleaners so I let her take them there so we could get a feel for how good of a job they would do.  We took 5 dress shirts, 6 polo shirts and 3 pairs of slacks.  When taking the polo shirts out of the plastic, I noticed that they looked a little faded, but what struck me the most was the smell.  I can only describe it as a synthetic body odor.  It made me clinch when smelling it because it was so bad.  I took my dress shirts out of the plastic and found that they too had the same smell and they were not starched.  I pulled the slacks out of the plastic and they too smelled, but not as pungent as the polo shirts.  I couldn't wear these close because of the smell and the dress shirts wrinkled immediately without starch.  I decided to take the cloths back to the Tide dry cleaners and I spoke to the manager about my issues.  She told me that she couldn't smell anything bad about the shirts and that it was probably a fragrance added to the dry cleaning solution.  They added that horrific smell?  She told me that she would "try" to rewash them without the added fragrance.  No thanks.  She also told me that there was nothing that they could do about the starch because we needed to request it when we dropped them off.  That sounds like a cop out to me.  I would NEVER take any of my clothes back to this dry cleaner again!
4	I needed a comforter cleaned came here and they cleaned it without harming it not much more you could really ask for. I got 25% off as a new customer and they have 24 he drop off services. The staff is friendly place smells fresh.
5	Awesome place!!I don't have much experience in dry cleaning. Usually, I drop off the clothes and in 3-5 days it's ready to be picked up. So it's easy to see why I am so impressed with this place!First... Same day service if you drop off your clothes before 9am! I dropped off a suit, two pants, a dress shirt and two ties and they were all done by 5pm. Second, they have a membership program, so the more you dry clean, the more rewards you earn, and the more discounts you get.Third, when you have a credit card on file, they'll give you a tide laundry bag that you can use to drop off your clothes in the 24hour drop off, but what's really cool is next to the drop off, there's a kiosk and you slide the credit card in and your clothes pop out like a redbox DVD! They offer other services too that I look forward to try. One is a color enhancer, which gives the faded clothes the original color. 5$ for black and 2$ for colors or whites. My suit, two pants, dress shirt, and two ties came out to about 25$. I think it's pretty reasonable. They also have a drive up service, where they come out to your car to help you. They have free samples of downy scent booster and I guess pets are welcomed because there were free doggy treats as well which I thought was very welcoming.They did an excellent job with my clothes. It all smelled like tide detergent. Everything was pressed so nicely and my tie looked brand new. The tie was one of my favorites and I was about to discard it because I threw it in the wash one time unknowingly that I wasn't supposed to do that! Thanks Tide!
5	I had a great experience with this company. I am new to this area and saw this place nearby and decided to give it a try. I explained how I had a last minute business trip sprung on me and immediately needed my suits cleaned. I called them in the late afternoon and explained  my situation. I dropped off all my suits in that late afternoon and the next day at noon it was all done and ready and was a quick and easy process! Not to mention walking in there is an experience. Looks like the most advanced dry cleaning I had ever seen in my life. This is definitely my new go to dry cleaning place.
