5	I'm a bit of a snob, I admit it. I generally prefer the full-service pamper me kind of salons that charge an arm and a leg. But times are tight - and I want my nails and my money. Enter Biagio. When you first walk into Biagio you would think you had walked into a fancy day spa. But when you read the prices, you wonder how they can stay in business. A "spa" pedicure, one of the most expensive treatments, is a whopping $49 (I say whopping with a sense of sarcasm). Not only do you get a great pedicure (best I've EVER received), but you get a leg and neck massage (yes the chairs are massage chairs, but real hands give you a real massage). A "spa" manicure, which also comes with a neck massage, is $25. The technicians are very nice, the store is immaculate, the tools are all sterilized, and the treatments are very high quality (even for a snob like me). Plus the atmosphere makes you feel like you are at a spa, not a strip-mall dive nail salon. I highly recommend Biagio. I have been there several times, and plan to go back often.
3	I went to this nail salon because I was in the area and because a friend of mine recommend this place to me.  When I walked in, everything she said about the place was true.  The interior is gorgeous so you feel like you are in a day spa rather than a nail salon and the place is very clean and the price reasonable for the service that you get.The only problem was that my nail color did not last.  I am not sure of the reason but my polish started to chip one or two days after I was in the salon so I was very disappointed and since I don't live close by the nail salon, I could not go back for a touch up.I was there once and have not been back since the first visit.
5	I am now on Team Jessica. Walk-in appt. and they seated me instantly. Thebfirst thing I noticed was that this place was spotless. Jessica quickly made me comfy with some bottled water and mags to read. Foot massage, sugar scrub, neck/shoulder masage and then on to my mani. I have been wanting to try the new shellac method and decided it was a go.i decided on a color (they are limited but I Bet more colors will come soon). End result: ECSTATIC. Total was $45 for both. Had I decided on a regular mani it would have been $35. Everyone was very nice and attentive. I am definitely coming back.
5	After seeing good reviews on Yelp for Biagio, I decided to try it out this morning.  I did the mani/pedi combo with a shellac french manicure.  I was seated right away and really enjoyed the ambiance of the shop - granite countertops, large massage chairs, and overall classy decor.Kevin was my nail technician, and he did a great job with both the manicure and the pedicure.  He was super friendly, offered me bottled water, gave a great massage and seemed to enjoy his job.  Everything combined was about $50, which in my book is reasonably priced (albeit not overly cheap).  Since I've had some less than stellar nail experiences in Phoenix in the past, I wholeheartedly recommend Biagio to those willing to pay a slight premium for a more pleasant mani/pedi experience.
5	Just stopped in Biagio Nail and Spa for a nice mani/pedi after work. I had received a coupon in the mail for a $17.99 pedicure and since I am in a wedding this weekend I decided it was time to try this place out!  I have been to about 3 other nail salons within a few blocks of this place and I tell ya, the decor, cleanliness and people here are like none other. It was tastefully decorated and spacious as well as very clean! The pedicure chairs are located in the back which I thought was really nice. Also, their pedicure chairs were the BEST! Included in the Spa Pedicure, which I got  for exactly $18, was a really nice grain like scrub (not to be confused with a salt scrub, she had asked me if I wanted salt scrub and I kindly declined). I also decided to get the shellac manicure that I keep hearing about, which turned out amazing! Even better, the shellac manicure is only $10 additional to all of their manicures so for $43 I got a fabulous pedicure and shellac manicure. Amy, my nail tech, also gave me a quick but great back massage which I believe is included in their manicures becuase as I looked around, the other customers also were receiving these great back rubs! Can't wait to go back!
5	omg, Omg, OMG!   I'll admit, I am a bit of a gypsy when it comes to nail salons.  I roam about the valley and when the mood strikes me, I will want a mani pedi (hence all the nail salon yelp reviews) so I go where ever is close at the time.  My salon wandering has come to an end now that I have found Biagio!  First off the place is immaculate, wonderful interior, clean and none of that chemical nail place smell.  This time I only got a pedi but was immediately was sat in a clean and new chair.  All the nail techs wear white smocks which is a nice professional touch so I don't have to stare at their bedazzled Baby Phat shirt.  I didn't get my nail tech's name (I have to keep some of my gypsy ways) but she was ah-maze-ing!  The tools she used came in a sanitize sealed bag but she still placed them in a shot glass of disinfectant in front of me, instead of pulling tools out of a pencil case that god knows when they were cleaned.  My tech was friendly and polite as were the other techs there.  All mani's and pedi's include a reflexology hand/arms or foot/lower leg massage and a hot towel.  I upgraded for $6 for the sea salt scrub which alone was worth it.  Between the foot massage, sea salt massage and lotion massage my tech spent 20 minutes on my legs which alone will get me back in the door.  Just when I thought I was all massaged out (is there such a thing?) my tech gave me a neck and back massage.Once all the massaging was over, my tech checked my cuticles again and cleaned up/touched up any areas she wasn't satisfied with.  The polish I picked was a bit sheer so she also did a triple coat without me having to ask or up charging me which was a plus.  From start to finish my pedi was pretty darn close to an hour and my bill with the upgrade was $29.Biagio offers a lot of services including Shellac Gel at reasonable prices, waxing, facials and retail items.  Their color selection was a little limited but they sell retail polish so I am sure a lot of clients bring their own or purchase the latest shade.  They don't offer a discounted mani/pedi combo so combined it will set you back $38 but if they pay as much attention to your hands as they did to my feet it is def worth it!
5	I absolutely loooooooove this place!  I was hesistant to try a new nail salon since I had been so faithful to mine for over 10 years but I'm glad I did.  It truly does feel like a spa and the customer care is top notch. After each pedicare & manicure they give you a complimentary 2-3 minute massage on your neck.  The nail techs are very friendly and helpful.  It may be a few dollars ($3 to be exact) more than your normal nail shop but it's worth it.
2	I soooo wanted to love this place after reading the great reviews.  I must admit the decor is far better than the typical nail joint; I too don't understand the point of pictures of really long red nails holding $100 bills...super cheesy.  This place does not disappoint with decor; it is like visiting a spa as opposed to a nail salon.  Also, I live nearby so this location is really terrific for me.  Unfortunately, I have been twice now...really, really wanted to make it work...and it just doesn't.  The first time, I paid extra for all kinds of services like a hot stone massage for my feet and extra callous remover,etc.  I left spending $90. No big deal if the product is good.  However, I had to go home and clean up the polish left gooped around my cuticles, file the hard edges of my nails down to something that wouldn't injure my husband, and the massage was like being tickled and then rubbed with a rock....basically no massage at all.  Today, I just tried the manicure to see if a different person would be better.  The standard massage was better, however, the gel polish application was no good...again gooped around my cuticles, and each nail of mine is filed into a different shape.  I now have to redo the whole thing myself.  Perhaps it is because I have not requested a particular nail person?  Possibly...the reviews I am reading that are 5 star seem to reference a particular person.  Maybe I will try one more time and request Kevin who seems to get good reviews.  If so, I will post again...hopefully with a better rating next time.  Right now this place is truly not worth more than two stars and those stars are only for good location, reasonable prices, and nice atmosphere.  I'd give zero stars for quality of manicure (gel polish) and pedicure.
4	Best pedi I've had in a very long time! My hubby, BFF and I needed a good pedi--and since I was warn out on the salon we'd been going to--it had been a while and I was seriously tired of my tootsies not coming out to play! Emily was my nail tech--she was absolutely fantastic. Took her time and was very meticulous even though it was late in the day and on 4th of July! My hubby and BFF both had a similar experience! Yes! The ambiance is very spa-like--add the sugar scrub and hot stone massage and you'll be chillax'n in no time. Truth be told, I love this place! The test is on the next few visits--I'm hoping I've found our new home for my tootsies!
4	Kinda expensive $35 for a pedicure but was worth it!!!!!def will go back friendly and non rushed!!!
5	Best pedicure ever.The neck massage was a surprise! Staff is friendly, the place is very clean and sterile. I'll be back!
4	I guess I should be a fan, being the Dutchess and all.  Seriously though, Biagio Nails is a great establishment in the Central Phoenix / Uptown area.  You can tell that the place is well kept and the staff is great.  They even decorate for the holidays... get out!As far as services are concerned, I only go for pedicures and gel manicures.  They have a few extra perks with their services including a neck massage and a bottle of water. It's a nice touch and very relaxing.  My favorite nail folks there are Jocelyn (although she is preggo and will be out come Dec) and Lilly. Both do a great job.My only gripe is a recent one. I had gone in for a shellac manicure and one of my nails chipped shortly after (like, 2 days later). I went back in to have it fixed and was charged $3.  I was a bit surprised, because shellac shouldn't chip and the price to fix??? I think it should have been complimentary.
5	WOW!!!!!!So glad I went here! My mother in law goes here. My husband was in NEED of a pedicure (When you start referring to the bottom of your souls looking like alligator assholes you know its time for a pedicure) Since I was dragging him to his very first pedicure I figured I would take one for the team and get one as well. They did such a nice job! I liked how the pedicure chairs were in the back and closed off so you weren't on display to the rest of the shop. It is really nicely decorated in here. The staff is friendly enough, same language barriers as any where else. We did the works and added the sugar scrub and also did the paraffin wax treatment, all in all with tip for two top of the line pedicures it was $100. Not to bad. I will for sure be going back! They do gels here and I really want to try those out!
5	So glad I stopped in here! Was a last minute check in after I found out I was released from being on call all day! In need of a pedi bad and this place is right down the street so I went in at 5pm. I went for the ultimate spa pedi (decided to really treat myself!). Was not disappointed one bit!! For 49.00, got all the add ons, hot scrub, hot lotion, paraffin wax soak , a hot stone foot massage and the results= two very happy and exhilarated feet!! My tech was Kevin and he was awesome!! The place is beautiful, quiet and liked the fact that the pedi stations are in back and away from the front. Felt very relaxed and soothed!! Thank you Biagio and Kevin!!
5	I have been going to Biagio nails for about a year and a half now and I have never found a place better than this (and I've tried a lot of nail salons)! Kevin is the absolute best and does gel nails which is difficult to find.  I've had other places do my gel nails before and find that his application of the gel is superior and makes the nails last longer.  Everyone at Biagio nails is great.  Their store is extremely clean, looks very high end, and the nail techs are very sweet and fun to talk to.  I have been happy everytime I've gone here and will keep going back.I do recommend that you make an appointment.  They can usually accommodate you that day, but they get booked up if you do a walk-in.If there were more than 5 stars they would have earned them!!!
4	I've been to Biagio Nails twice now, and I am definitely a fan. They have a fabulous selection of gels (including magneto!) and always have the most current trends.The salon itself is very clean and nice, with really great pedicure chairs. Their pedicures come with a sea salt scrub, no extra charge.Both experiences left me with a great mani/pedi and a loose neck from the massage they give. The only reason I'm not rating this salon 5 stars is the people at the front are not very friendly and I have felt as though I was an inconvenience to them. Reasonable price... comparable with other salons. They have a ton of regulars there which tells you something good.
4	Apparently, I have been going to the wrong salon to get my nails done. This nail salon is very reasonably price and there are a few extras included here that I have never had at other salons. First of all, they give you bottled water which is really nice. They also give you the standard arm and leg/foot massage, but I was pleasantly surprised when about halfway through, I was given a neck massage. I will definitely be back here!
4	They are wonderful!
4	The atmosphere was great and I loved my pedicure. Other than the grumpy man that greeted me and collected my money, I loved this place!
5	Love this place. I have been going here for years and took my bridesmaids for my wedding. I am always happy when I leave. I have been to several technicians and Danny is my favorite. Prices are good and they have a ton of gel colors to chose from. Don't go as a walkin. They are usually packed. They are open 7 days a week unlike most salons.
5	Very clean
5	My sister and I went here the other week and got gel manicures! They turned out beautiful and lasted forever! Ithink Biagio is now my go to nail salon! Keep it up!
5	Yesterday was my first visit.  I'll return every 3 weeks.  All of the other 4-5 star reviews are accurate.  Kevin did fantastic job on pedi.  Perfect!  Meticulous!  French gel - prefect.  French gel manicure by Hannah.  Again, perfect and meticuous.  Everyone there was friendly and helpful.  Excellent cuticle trimming.  $64 for mani/pedi - gel.
3	I would like to start off by saying that the quality of this salon is wonderful, and that the nail technicians are professional and overall good at what they do (especially Jocelyn and Emily!). If you want a good manicure/pedicure in Phoenix, this is the place to go.  Now for the negative part.  I am a regular at this salon, I generally get manicures, pedicures or both about twice a month at the least.  Every time I go in there, I find that the prices vary slightly.  On my last visit, I did a shellac manicure and went in after about two weeks to have the shellac polish removed, and declined to have another manicure done.  Now mind you, this was a normal occurrence for me, and I have NEVER been charged upon going to have the polish removed by the special procedure specifically for shellac, nor was any charge disclosed to me as I walked in on this most recent visit.  Based on previous experience, I simply left the salon after the nail tech removed the shellac, only to be chased down by the manager screaming at me in the parking lot that I didn't pay. Ridiculously irritating.  Even more irritating was the fact that the tech felt the need to not wait for the remover to actually do its job, so she scratched the hell out of my natural nails; damage which will take several weeks to heal. I don't like feeling like I'm being swindled every time I go to a business and I don't like varying prices for the exact same services I ask for, time after time.  I don't know that I will spend my money at this establishment in the future, given previous (slightly) negative experiences and this last really negative experience.  If you choose to use their services, be sure you understand up front what their prices are (for that day).
5	My experience here was exceptional. Moving from the west valley to downtown, I had to find a new nail spot close! Went for a fill and my nails look amazing! I get acrylics and I get the stillettos (sharp points) and Alex did a wonderful job. He also recommended products for my dry cuticles. He was quick and thorough. Love this place and will be going there for all my nail needs!
5	I have been going to Jocelyn at Biagio for quite a while.  I can be a bit particular about my nails.  Before I found Jocelyn, I would go home after a mani and reshape my nails. Don't have to anymore!  Jocelyn is AMAZING!       I was used to cookie cutter nail salons with tacky decor and nail techs that barely speak to clients.  Biagio is not the norm. The salon is beautiful. It has a spa like atmosphere and it is spotless.  And Jocelyn, well I don't even know where to begin. She is a doll!  We have great chats and she is a master of her craft.      So if you're looking for a fabulous place to take care of your hands and toes, go see Jocelyn at Biagio. Word of advise.... Make an appointment with her in advance. She's a busy bee.
4	I needed a mani/pedi in the worst way and true to Yelp style I followed the reviewers advise and came out on top! The was truly a wonderful experience. The shop is new, very well maintained and reminiscent of a Los Angeles day spa. My manicurist was upbeat and friendly and I enjoyed the hour and thirty minute spa mani/pedi which includes hot towles and massage.  Ladies and gents, I highly recommend you give this nail salon a try.  Call ahead and make an appt!!!
4	I have been going here for 7 years and it is really hard to find another salon with the quality, Lately though the male owner has been exceedingly rude and obnoxious. Charging me for a chipped shellac after it had only been 2 days. This has soured me toward the salon. Additionally I just think he is a bit mentally unstable because he is just so rude at times and confrontational. He may want to watch that because this loyal customer is indeed looking for a new nail salon. Jocelyn is great, as is Lilly. Kevin does a great pedicure.
2	I had a manicure, pedicure and eyebrow wax.  Mani/pedi was OK, but I dont think the woman who waxed my  brows was licensed.  I have very little hair left on one of my eyebrows.  Also be sure to check your bill, the price list didn't agree to what I was charged.  I wont be back.
4	I don't come here as often as I should, but they always do a great job.  I have only purchased eyebrow waxing and pedicures here, and have never been disappointed.  The staff is friendly and efficient, but not so talkative that it's annoying. I have never had a problem getting an appointment, even though the place is always pretty busy when I do arrive. The pricing is reasonable though it can get expensive if you opt for the callous scrub or other pedi extras (which by the time I get around to going is totally necessary!)
4	I'm an out-of-towner and I drove across Phoenix to come here...I'm glad I did! I'm not a big mani/pedi girl, but I desperately needed one. So off to Biagio - Call ahead, make an appointment because they sure are busy. I did have to wait, but only 5-10 minutes before they got started. The massage chairs are big, comfy, and new. The atmosphere is far far better than most nail salons. They've dimmed the lights a bit, added a stone walkway, and made sure they've got solid ventilation.Overall, it was a good value at $38 for a standard mani/pedi plus tip. My manicure lasted two weeks, but only because I had to remove it for business. My pedicure is still rockin' strong three weeks later.When I'm back in Phoenix in a few months, I'll be back at Biago, getting my nails did.
1	My wife just returned from here. First, they didn't want to do her nails because she didn't have an appointment (even though the place was more than half empty and 3 or 4 employees were surfing the web or texting on their cell phones). Ridiculous! They finally agreed and then did a CRAP job! Cut her cuticles until they bled. NEVER AGAIN! BEWARE THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
1	My experience at this salon could not have been worse! I was the maid of honor for my bestie's wedding and a group of 6 of us went in the morning before the wedding to get pedis and the bride also got a mani. The lady at the front desk was the grumpiest woman on earth, but whatever. We got our pedis, and it was mostly enjoyable. The technicians were not all excellent, but for the most part we were happy with the results. The environment was comfortable and clean, and it was a relaxing morning.The problem was that just 5 hours later, the bride's nails were already chipping. She wasn't washing dishes or doing anything crazy, but she was running some errands and doing the normal last minute stuff before a wedding. Unfortunately, even though we had made a big deal about this being the bride, the nail techs did not recommend something longer lasting like acrylic nails or even gels for the bride, so we hadn't thought much about the mani she got until it started chipping. Ok, fine. We decide to go in the morning of the wedding and have them touch up her mani, assuming they will do that for us for no charge because it was their work that hadn't held up. False. They charged her for a whole new manicure! So here's my friend, totally in tears the morning of her wedding, and these people are telling her she should have got a gel manicure instead (she never gets manicures so she didn't even know what that was) and telling her it was her fault that her nails chipped within 5 hours of having them done. It was so ridiculous! Needless to say, I'll never go back to this place and recommend you skip it too. Awful customer service. Awful attitudes.
5	I was very impressed
5	Love this place!
5	I wish I could give this place ten stars!! I was visiting Phoenix from buffalo and randomly walked in for a pedicure. Wow did I get lucky. Not only was the place incredibly clean and comfortable but they provided me with the best and most detailed and in depth pedicure of my life. They massaged my legs with scrubs and lotions for over 15 mins in such a caring manner and even gave me a back massage with lotion as my nails dried!! In NY that's unheard of. The price was extremely reasonable and they even give you a 5% discount if you pay in cash. If you live in Phoenix and know a good pedicure get your butt to this place. I wish I lived here to get their pampering weekly!!
5	I had been having a hard time finding a place that does good pedi's and I found it.  The quality of the products are superb and the service amazing.  Tiffany really did a great job.  I would recommend to any one.Another thing I liked was a price list up front.
5	Biagio is hands down my favorite nail salon in Phoenix. I've had pedicures, manicures, gel, gel sets, etc done here several times and every experience has been great. I'm a sucker for cleanliness, especially in a place thats going to be using sharp objects near or around my skin, and this place has got to be the most consistently clean and organized nail salon I've ever been to. I've had services from several different technicians, and each time, they've been meticulous, gentle, and my mani/pedis/gel has lasted far longer than expected. Their pedicure room is HEAVEN. I brought my soon-to-be-husband here for his first pedicure, and they made him feel totally at ease. They stock a great selection of products and colors, do a real mini massage with their services, bring you bottles of ice water, have better hours than most places, are always punctual with their appointments, are very decently priced considering the quality of their work, and offer a discount (I think 5%) when you pay with cash. The only possible negative I have to mention is that on my first visit, I was unaware that they primarily take appointments only, so they were unable to accommodate me that day. They were however quick to give me a brochure and schedule me an appointment for the next morning. Since then I call in the morning when I know I want to get in, and they've always been able to make me an appointment for the same day. Do yourself a favor and schedule a pedicure!!!
5	Great service! They give you a little bottle of water at the beginning. A short neck/shoulder massage. And a great mani and pedi. Very nice techs. Good pricing. Pay with cash and you'll receive 5% off!
1	I am writing about an experience I had today with Biagio.  I made an appointment a month ago for my bridesmaids and I to get our nails done this Friday. I am getting married Saturday, and thought I had things all set.  That was until I got a phone call today (Wednesday) that the 4 appointments I made a month ago could not be kept because they only had 1 technician and someone had double booked ver our appointments. Plus, one of my bridesmaids wasn't scheduled, even though I gave all 4 of our names.  When I questioned what happened, the man on the phone told me he didn't like my attitude and I could take my business else where.  Then, HE HUNG UP ON ME!!!!!  I will. NEVER go to this salon again.  Very poor customer service, unreliable, and snotty personnel.
3	A review of my 1st visit on 10/14/13Just moved to the area and was searching for a convenient  place to get a mani/pedi. Discovered this place in my yelp search. I liked how they were able to get me in right away. Overall, the ambiance is nice. The manicure area is separate from the pedicure area which is very nice. Now for the services. My pedi was ok. The technician only filed my toenails a little leaving them a little long even after I asked to have them cut down. I do not have callouses, but my feet were still rough even after being exfoliated and buffed. My mani was so so. After closer inspection at home, parts of my nails were left unpolished and the polish peeled after only 2 days.
5	I have very high standards when it comes to my nails and waxing maintenance. I heard about this salon when I noticed how perfect my co workers nails always were, As soon as I knew the name and number I was booking an appointment. My first visit was with Emily (for a shellac manicure, her specialty) who did not disappoint. I have seen a few other people there when Emily is not available and they all do an amazing job. Each have their own technic but the finish product is nothing less then perfect. If you are looking for a cheap wax (price not quality) then this is your spot as well. I'm always scared to get my underarms waxed but decided to give at shot...the esthetician did such a great job in causing minimal pain (it's your armpit so...it's not gonna feel great) and was sure to get every last hair. If you go there tell the person at the desk what your preferences are and they will make sure to match you up with a nail tech or esthetician that meets your requirements!
4	I will be the first to admit that I am not that experienced when it comes to nail salons, but, from my limited experience, I think this place is great.  I recently started getting gel manicures to keep myself from biting my nails.  I'd had regular manicures in the past but had always been frustrated by how quickly they chipped and broke.  I had my first gel manicure at Biogio, and it was fantastic, and my others there have been great as well.  I had to go to another place--a "nicer" place-- once because I couldn't make it to Biagio, and I quickly learned that I don't want to go anywhere else in the future.  My manicure from the other place did not look flawless, as my others had, and it chipped within about a week.  Gel manicures are supposed to last for at least 2 weeks, and one of mine from Biogio lasted almost a month!  In addition to the great manicures, the establishment is comfortable.  It's not super fancy, but it's not a hole-in-the-wall either.  It's a good place for me to run to on my lunch break.My only complaints about Biagio are that 1) the nail techs sometimes just sit there in silence, other than giving you instructions, and 2) the massage part.  I know most people would disagree, but I don't like the shoulder and arm massages.  It's not very relaxing to me, in fact, it kind of hurts.  But, the simple solution is that I need to request that the tech not do that part, but, for some reason, I feel bad about making that request.  Overall, I am extremely happy with Biagio's service, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
2	I was not impressed- at all. I came in for a pedicure with my mom while visiting her. To start off, the environment is not overly friendly. No one says hello or makes you feel welcome. When we were finally brought back, the water was fairly chilly. The whole pedicure felt very rushed. They literally finished both of us in 25-30 minutes. I left feeling that I paid too much for the service I received and not relaxed in the least. I do not recommend this place. I gave it 2 instead of 1 star since it seemed fairly clean.
4	I would have given this place 5 stars BUT I kind if think it's ridiculous to have to pay for an accent nail! No other nail salon has ever charged me extra. Why can't u get 2 nails a diff color?! They have all the new colors which I enjoy but they are also having a price increase March 1st
1	By far the worst pedicure ever. The lady that was doing my nails skipped a few of my nails while she was cleaning/cutting my cuticles, didn't scrub my feet, and only massaged one foot/leg. While she was massaging one of my legs, I asked her why she didn't scrub my feet, and she said, "Oh! I thought you were sleeping!" So she scrubbed them really quick and completely forgot to massage my other foot/leg. I also paid extra for a sugar scrub, which is essentially an extra massage, and because she had rushed through everything else, I decided to use the timer on my phone to see how long she would spend on that massage and the regular massage that's included, and both totaled 7 minutes....it's supposed to be 15. Lastly, as she was putting the hot towel on my legs, another lady came over and shoved the cleaning spray bottle for the bowl between my leg and the side of the bowl. The top of the bottle was digging into my calf so I grabbed it and moved it and the lady who was doing my nails said, "she didn't know". She didn't know what!? The salon is raising their prices on March 1st. They're definitely screwed if they continue with this kind of service and raise their prices.
3	When I used to live in the area, I used to come to this place all the time. It was where my "'MERICA" loving boyfriend and his father broke their pedicure virginity. Proud to say that both have set aside their macho-ness for an hour to just melt at the sensation of a callus removal. After I moved out the area though, I realized that without the local coupon that they send in the mail, this place is EXTREMELY over-priced. Starting March 2014 , they're adding a whopping $5.00 to all of their services and $3.00 for the minor ones like fills or removals. This makes a normal pedicure now $28.00 full price. For that, I could go somewhere else and get a full set of nails or even a mani/pedi. The pros are that this place is pretty big, clean, and decorated well than most. There is no horrifying, mind-numbing polish/alcohol smell the moment you walk in and they're the only place I know of so far that includes a small but well-liked neck/upper back massage during a regular pedicure, even though you already have a massage chair. I've never had a bad job done here, but I've only done pedicures here. They offer you a small water bottle, but if that's costing me the extra $5 in the future, that clear liquid better magically turn into wine. Cons are that they're always packed and even though they say they welcome 'walk-ins' they'll deny you so hard no matter how many pleas you come up with. With price increases, I'd say do your research and look somewhere else. If money isn't an issue for you though, this place will suffice because the service is still good. Just please hit me up so my poor ass can come with you too.
5	I have had 2 mani-pedis in the past. Today I had a manicure. I was very pleased with each visit. The gel polish is amazing! I had my nails done a month ago, before I went to India for a wedding. The polish was still good, except my nails rew out, when I went today. Now my nails are fresh again and good for another month!
5	For me, the best nail salon ever! Clean, friendly, and very comfortable ambiance. If you plan to visit, I would recommend you call in advance to schedule appointment cuz this place is always banging ;-)
5	I am a procrastinator. I let my nails go for so long that I was starting to get hang nails and ya, they were just bad.  It was 5pm but I had it in my head that I needed this fixed, stat!  I called and they got me in.  They were the third place I'd called and the only one that could get me in.  It was a lovely experience.  The nails, the massage, the appointment on short notice, the customer service, everything was wonderful.  I can't wait to go back and have them fix my toes.
5	I've been coming here for gel manicures the past couple years. Love it here. From the ease of getting an appointment to the great service, hard to go wrong. Tracy is my girl and you wolnt be disappointed. ;)
5	Every year hubby and I come to Phoenix for baseball spring training. We make sure to take the time to come and get a mani pedi at this place. They are awesome. The pedis are so relaxing and manis divine. This year I got a full set of nails and I really liked the work they did. My hubby falls asleep on they're spa chairs every time, they are very comfortable and the relaxing environment helps.
5	I just moved to phoenix from Los Angeles. I must say men getting mani, pedi's and facials is not as uncommon as I found it to be here in phoenix. Luckily when I called Biagio I was set up with an appointment with a woman named Quinn. Upon arrival it was very busy and I was pleased that it was organized chaos. I was shortly greeted by Quinn who gave me one of the best facials I had in awhile. She was very focused, strong hands and really cleared out my pores and the blackheads I didn't know I had. Once finished my face was glowing and felt like a newborn. Quinn then proceeded to take me where the pedicures are done. Quinn clipped, filed, massaged and worked on my feet until they felt like a newborn. Quinn then gave me a very relaxed manicure and cleaned my nails up beautifully. Also the nose and ear waxing was almost painless. Any males need not fear the nose and ear wax. I promise it will not come close to any scary pain. Overall the entire salon was clean and the technicians are all very nice and welcoming. I highly suggest Biagio for all your needs. And ladies send your men here for the nose and ear wax! You will love it and they will love it!
2	Went because I got a coupon in the mail. Confusing as heck...pick your pedi and we'll give you the discount. I had no idea what my discount ended up being despite several attempts to clarify. I only know I paid way too much for the service I received which was mediocre at best. I will never return to this establishment.
5	Have been here twice for a spa pedicure and both times have been superb! Called the morning of both times and got in within the hour. They really spend the time to massage your legs and feet which is amazing since I work 8+ hours on my feet a day. The products they use are amazing and this time I even splurged on a hot stone massage, which was great. They also follow the whole thing with a little upper back massage! :)My first time the pedicure lasted over 3 weeks so I'm hoping for the same results this time.
5	This is a really great nail salon. The staff is friendly, the manicure and pedicure stations are like-new, and my nails always look perfect! A+ in my book!Tip: Make an appointment. They tend to get pretty busy. After reading my review, I'm sure you can see why. :)
3	Good but not great, and you gotta be great to charge $25 for a basic pedicure. They're always stressing that you need an appointment, which I must admit... is annoying. Nails chip fast and anything with acrylic or gel takes exceptionally long. I'm good with extra time if it means you know, it'll friggen last.
1	Went to them before a very important trip and the nail tech just started clipping my toes nails without asking me if I wanted them clipped. I NEVER clip my toe nails, I always just file them straight across and 2 days later I had an ingrown toe nail. She also forced my foot into my flip flops even though I was telling her my toe was stuck and she messed up the polish on 3 toes and got polish on both my shoes. Although she fixed the polish on my toes I'm stuck with pink glitter polish on my shoes now. In the past we've made appointments (which they prefer) and they have been up to 20 minutes late while I was with a party of 3. My family had their nails drying while I was barely getting started.
4	Great color selection, but they dont last very long. Seem to chip after a week. Affordable, but charge for a "party nail".
5	This place is excellent! I love it! It has a very nice interior unlike the average nail places. The employees also speak better English than I have seen in other places.Be sure to make an appointment! I ask for Larry. Yesterday Tiffany did some brow waxing for me and did a wonderful job too.The detail on the flower done on my toes is unbelievable. One thing I like is this place always runs on time and they get the job done in a timely fashion. Each service costs a little more than your average place but you really feel like you are treated like royalty when you are there between the employees, other clientele and the atmosphere.
5	First of all a big Thank You to Yelp for it's iPhone app!  I was traveling from San Francisco via San Diego to Phoenix on our vacation and was in desperate need of a pedicure on short notice.  Danny at Biagio's was amazing and had my feet looking amazing for a wedding we had that very night! The staff was friendly and the salon was by far the best looking I've seen comparitive to our local Burke Williams Spa in the bay area.  The prices were very reasonable and I highly recommend the salon to anyone!
2	First time here and I am not impressed.  I had made an appt. for my girlfriend and I to get mani/pedis done on a Monday at noon.  I intentionally made the appointment for us both, so we could visit.Danny did my pedicure and Amy did my gel manicure.  Danny did a good job on my pedicure and the bonus neck rub was nice.  After the pedicure, he then set me up at his station to do my gel manicure and next to my girlfriend.  Then approx. 5 minutes later left and another lady (come to find out was Amy) was telling me to move to her station, which was sitting away from my girlfriend.  Looking confused, the receptionist said she had made a mistake and scheduled someone else to get a manicure with Danny.  I didn't request Danny myself nor did I care as long as I could sit next to my girlfriend and we could carry on our conversation.  Amy looked upset when I questioned whether or not she could do my nails where I was currently sitting and she said no.  Without argument, I moved to Amy's station and she seemed upset the entire time doing my manicure, rushed the process and didn't bother with a complimentary neck massage as everyone else, including my girlfriend received by their technicians.  Now that I'm home and closely examining my nails, I notice flaws in the gel.  My thumb nail has a bubble underneath the gel and it looks distorted.  One pinky nail has a dent in it.  Probably from Amy rushing me to put my hand in the uv lamp and a few times picking my hand up herself and putting it in the uv lamp as if I didn't know how or did it quick enough for her. All she had to do is ask.  There are multiple nail salons near me and worth receiving my money.  I see no need to go back to Biagio off 16th Street again.
4	Biagio is about as good as it gets for your typical inexpensive nail salon.  It's nice, modern and clean inside.  It looks like it's been recently remodeled and the management takes pride in the overall appearance.  This is often rare for a nail salon. The staff is very friendly!  I always think this is a big deal with nail salons.  You don't want to awkwardly sit there in silence while someone does your nails.  They have a very impressive selection of gel manicure colors!  Probably the largest selection I've seen at a nail salon in this area.  The pedicures are great and they come with a free mini shoulder massage!  Always a nice perk!  If you're in the area - great place to check out for a cheap mani/pedi.  If you're not in the area- maybe not worth more than a 10 min drive out of your way.
1	Horrible experience! The staff was unwelcoming and rude from the beginning.  The nail technician was removing my gel nail polish with a file, which is not standard protocol.  When I asked him not to file the polish off and instead soak them I acetone, he said "that takes too long" and continued to file my nail down to nothing.  He completely ruined my natural nail bed.  When I brought this up to the manager her response was " you don't know what you are talking about, I was right there, u saw". Bottom line, they are very rude and do not know the proper way to do a manicure and treat people.   Save your nails and go down the street!
5	Super nice, prompt (no, really!), genuinely friendly service, with beautiful results in an attractive atmosphere at this very clean salon.  Oh, and the massage chairs are really nice!  My friend and I came in after calling for an appointment on very on short notice, and they were ready to take us at the appointed time - highly unusual in my experience!  We got pedicures from really nice ladies.  Our feet felt lovely and looked great!  The pedicures were comparably priced to other nail salons, and the location is close to lots of yummy places to eat (in case you want to take your super-cute toes our for lunch afterwards).  I'll be back for sure!
5	After trying other nail salons in town, I am updating my review to 5 stars.  I originally went to Biagio because it was close to my workplace.  A few months ago, I started a new job closer to home in Scottsdale, so I wanted to find somewhere more convenient than Biagio.  I tried one place, and I was not happy at all with the quality of my mani.  I tried another place--very nice, trendy, more expensive.  They took forever, and the quality still was not as good as what I get at Biagio.  Bottom line is that the nail techs at Biagio are fast, and they pay attention to detail.  I am always happy with the service I receive there.  From now on, I'll be more than willing to drive a little farther.
1	I've had 2 good experiences here before. However I don't know if I can go back after today. I asked for a simple French manicure which I've had in the past many a time but today she just couldn't get it right. The filing job was horrible (very rough) and the polish application was sloppy containing lumps and bubbles. I had her remove it and I was going to do a solid color until I noticed that she had filed so deeply into the bed of one of my nails I almost have skin coming through it. She didn't even remove all of the polish from my cuticles. I was happy to pay for the removal of the previous gel however was charged for a manicure. A manicure that I could have done much better myself. I had to ask for lotion! -Which quickly and half-hazzardly applied to my arms and wrists. No Cuticle oil or lotion to my hands And certainly not to my nail beds. They were just going to leave them dry.
4	Thanks for the rankings Yelpers. I chose this place based on the Yelp reviews and you did not steer me wrong! Great pedicure experience that matched what I've received at Red Door and in some resorts I've stayed in. I tend to stay away from strip mall nail salons because I always feel rushed. Not so with Biagio. I had a very relaxing and professional, hour long pedicure experience. It's not close to where I live or work but I will definitely be coming back because the service was that good.
4	Being my first Time getting a manicure ever i researched which salon would be the best choice for me. I walked in and was greeted with barely any wait  time with a sweet fairly new nail tech. Throughout the whole process she and the manager asked if her work was everything i want.  Every now and then the manager would come to make sure she was doing everything up to the high standard. As i was leaving i messed up my gel nails and he was more than happy to have someone real quick touch it up. Over all my experience was great. I give four stars mainly because i felt like everyone even the nail tech sitting beside us scrutinizing the girls work i felt a bit crowded a.d bad for the girl. Also even though i love my nails no one in there can do designs well :(   in the picture it my look well from the side but upfront...no lol. My pic is the black nails with Chanel design
4	I go here all the time for a good, cheap mani/pedi. The place is clean, they sanitize instruments, offer water, and the chairs are comfortable.
