4	I love this place for it's homy and intimate atmosphere - it was adopted from and actual old house with all good spirits that come along. Classes are never crowded, so you don't have to sign up in advance, you can just drop in when you get in mood. Alicia pays a lot of attention to every student, she takes her time, gives personalized advice on how to grow in your practice. Unique idea of doing yoga in front of the fireplace, especially on cold days like now, is really comforting. Her optimizm is contaigus, as I always leave this place with an unaware smile. A lot of classes to try still, especially Breathwork with James, which I'm a bit afraid of as it might be addictive ;)Haven't figured out yet what's the purpose of live DJ during yoga, but that's just another reason why this place is one of a kind, always surprising.
4	I've never experienced anything like PlanBreathe. Not too sure that I'm cut from the cloth of yoga, massages and all things alike, but it was a great experience. It was definitely a welcoming atmosphere. Very homey (i'm actually positive it used to be a house. Not all that uncommon for the Plaza Midwood area.) You walk in to a reception area and it has all wood floors. There's a welcoming fireplace and music playing. Definitely not a stuffy place. You can participate in different types of therapy/yoga and also get private massages. Lots of options and flexible times. James walked our group through the process of how to do breath therapy. It was one of the more interesting experiences I've ever had in Charlotte. Breath Therapy makes your body do some interesting things! You basically flood your body with oxygen by breathing through your mouth. Sounds odd, I know. Quite the sensation. Each person's experience will be different. It's rather hard to explain what you'll experience, but the staff will walk you through the entire process. Give them a call or visit their site for more details. Definitely wear something comfortable. Workout clothes would be ideal. A great little spot in Plaza! Thanks, James!
3	I recently purchased a Groupon for a 60-minute massage. Plan Breathe is in the Plaza Midwood area in a brick building on a corner...without really any signage on front. I had to interrupt a next door yoga class to figure out where I was supposed to be (sorry, yogis). There is a small waiting area next to the yoga studio and next to the waiting area is the massage room. I was promptly greeted by my massage therapist and whisked away to be pampered. The massage itself was very good. Cat did great work focusing on areas to help relieve tension from a stressful week at the job. Since the building is shared by the massage area and yoga studio, you can hear sounds from the class, but they try to minimize distractions by posting a sign in the waiting room to encourage quite voices and they have soothing music playing in the massage room. There is a nicely decorated bathroom connected to the massage room...with even a shower.There are two parallel parking spots directly in front of the building. There's plenty of parking on the street on the side going into a neighborhood.WIthin the next month or so they'll be moving to a new location not too far away. Hopefully they will have plenty of space to further separate the massage from the class...I just like less distractions when getting a massage. All in all, I was relaxed by the time I left.
4	Okra is gorgeous. I have been peaking in the window for weeks and finally made it to their Monday night deep stretch class last night. What a great start to the week. Bonus this class is $5 and at 8:15pm. I really appreciate later classes so I don't rush in like a maniac straight from the office. Okra also offers massage, coffee and tea. Decor is lots of natural and organic elements. Wood everywhere. A very relaxed and peaceful atmosphere. Stop by but disregard the schedule they have on the door - the yoga class times need to be updated. Online is correct. Overall a terrific addition to the heart of Plaza Midwood.
5	This is a really great yoga space. They have classes for the beginner to the advanced yogi. and have a few $5 classes throughout the week.    The instructors all take their time to help you with your poses.  The decor is very natural looking and puts you in a good state of mind for practicing    The have a beautiful coffee and tea lounge brews your coffee or tea individually they have a good selection of vegan snacks.  I just recently had the pleasure of getting a massage from there and it was really great.  Would definitely recommend this for a yogi that is looking for an intimate place to practice.
5	I'm thrilled to have the addition of Okra in Plaza Midwood! The teachers are all fantastic, the ambiance is perfect and it's just an overall really wonderful experience every time I'm there.
5	Wow what an amazing space - I started out with the 2 week yoga pass to get grounded. 3 weeks later and I just experienced a most wonderful massage followed by a powerful meditation experience.Come for the workout, hang out for the good company & massage and don't forget to enjoy the fabulous tea selection.This is the best space in Charlotte to practice...not too big and a caring staff make all the differenceTHANK YOU!
3	I give this place 3 stars because of the facilities.Let me start out by saying that this studio offers a diverse and interesting array of classes from all sorts of different yoga disciplines.  The instructors are stellar - I especially enjoyed Carrie and Ashley.  I learned something new with every class that I took during my two-week trial pass that I purchased, which is perhaps saying something, as I have been practicing yoga for 13 years.  The staff is on the whole pleasant.My "problem" with this studio lies in the facility... namely, that the air circulation inside the practice studio is nonexistent.  Don't get me wrong, I love a hot yoga class... but a muggy, stagnant, people-breath yoga class?  No thanks.I've heard tell that this studio is going to move to a different location soon.  When it does, I'd love to give it another chance!
3	Instructor was great, slow and easy yet gives great stretch and core workout. But facility was very uncomfortable. It does not have AC or window or even vents for air to flow. I was so ready to get out from that muddy air and be able to breath before the class ended. And my whole body smelt with candle thing they burn through out the class that was another disturbance. If I didn't buy multiple classes, I would look for other studio. Sorry...but it was all poor facility.
5	I can sincerely say I've never had better massages than the ones I've received at Okra, and I've had a LOT of massages in my injury-prone life. (the first 2 were reduced-price ones with a coupon, which speaks especially well of the business and the therapists!). I've received deep tissue from Claudio, Cat, and Janice -- they were all amazing. I have back problems, migraines, crazy-tight muscles from working at a computer ... and these therapists are experts at what they do! Cat is probably my favorite (I'd give her an 11, and the others a 9+). The business is professional, easy to book with (online or over phone); the therapists listen to your needs and adjust as directed while you're on the table. I've always received a full 60 minutes (so many places don't give you that). This is the first online review I've ever given - I feel that strongly about the high quality of their services.
5	I stumbled on this studio when I first moved to town, and I an very grateful for it! They offer a variety of classes at a variety of times- I just wish I was able to attend more of the weekday ones.I really enjoy the instructors, and there is enough variety to not get "burned out" on any one, and to be able to take a little something different from each.If you are new to yoga, nothing to fear- it's an environment that embraces all levels!
3	I'll start by saying I have not actually participated in a yoga class but attended a special event at Okra. It was a guest speaker on Healthy Living. Okra it's self is a cute place. It has a retail place on the street level with the studio down stairs. The retail space sells coffee/tea, clothes and other items. The studio space down stairs is fairly small.The speak i attend was just okay.  She was very nice and I respect her life style choice to eliminate sugar. I guess I went in expecting a little more on the how. I'm not sure if I gained any additional information from this.I would like to go back and try yoga with Okra.
5	Love this sweet spot! Took my first yoga class at this place with Liz Baxter. She was easy going and informative. I have been doing yoga for a while, but I loved the energy of her teaching, as well as the wholePlace:) There is a little cafe as well as massages! Going back for sure.
5	I booked an hour massage here with Claudio. I work as a barber so I like to get massages regularly for my shoulders and legs. Claudio has a degree in sports & exercise science so he knows muscles inside and out. He worked muscles I had never felt before. It is INTENSE but I have never felt this awake or relaxed. Highly recommended.
5	I was in town just for one night and wanted to create a little vacation for myself, so I booked a massage at Okra. Their new client deal is great, and the massage with Jamie was AMAZING. I'm pretty sure I fell asleep a few times... It was exactly what I needed.
