1	This place is a complete waste of money.  They prowl on poor vulnerable people that are desperate to make changes in their life but once they have your money you don't hear from them again unless you fit there creeper Vegas mold.  Would give them negative stars if I could.
5	I am LV128 from the University and all i can say is this has changed my life.
5	Previous user could have maybe been a little more responsible in follow up. I thought I had it all figured out when I first enrolled... Here I am now with the impossible goals and results .. More than possible! In 100 days I opened my business, got down to a healthy lifestyle, raised over 115k for habitat for humanity. I cleared all the self limiting beliefs I had growing up way off and am on fire about my kids and life. Coraleah might want to follow up with anything you invest in. Just saying LV131 baby!!! BOOM!
1	I'm usually all for self help stuff and I think it's great for people who want to help themselves.  However, my experience with this business is horrendous.They train their people to call their friends and tell them how much this program changed their lives and how their lives were so sad before and now that they went to this program that costs $3000 will change your life forever.  I cannot say if it does or does not because I never ended up attending.My beef with this company is that I felt overly pressured into signing up over the phone with their representative due to the fact that she was a family friend and I trusted her.  She seems so emotionally touched by the program and wanted me to join so bad and even started crying on the phone, begging me to join.  So finally, I just gave in because I didn't want to hurt any relationships in my family, I gave the family friend my credit card info and that was that.After I got off the phone, I had a really bad taste in my mouth because I felt overly pressurized into doing something I didn't want to do.  I know that no one can make you do anything if you don't really want to, but if this is a self help program, then I feel that they should pressure people into doing it so much as if it were a timeshare sales meeting.  Only 3 hours after the phone conversation, I change my mind and tell the family friend to not run my credit card info.  I didn't get a response for 2 days after.  Two days later I see a $300 charge on my credit card statement even though I specifically told them not to run my info only 3 hours after the conversation.  Keep in mind that this was on a Sunday, so there is no way they were working that day which means they disregarded my message and charged me anyways!I later called the family friend and she told me that the deposit is non refundable.  First off, I was never told this.  Second, this is completely unethical practice.WORD OF ADVICE, DO NOT FEEL PRESSURED INTO THIS EVEN IF IT IS A FAMILY FRIEND CALLING YOU ABOUT IT.  DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR CREDIT CARD INFO JUST BECAUSE YOU FEEL BAD, KNOWING LATER THAT YOU WILL CANCEL BECAUSE THEY WILL NOT REFUND THE MONEY.THE ONLY WAY TO GET YOUR MONEY BACK IS TO DISPUTE THE CHARGE ON YOUR CREDIT CHARD AND THEN IT TAKES 3 WEEKS FOR IT TO BE RETURNED.  I DON'T HAVE THE TIME OR PATIENCE TO TRACK THIS.
1	I was misled about the purpose of the "workshop."  Choice Center Worldwide is a cult whereby it's members are required to sign up other members at $2697 per person in order to stay active and complete the course.  They pray on people's weaknesses and manipulate them through cult practices. I wish I would have been savvy enough to do my due diligence in online investigation before signing up because now I have found all sorts of information about their scam and cultish practices. I too, would give negative stars if I could because they lied to me about it's purpose. If I needed therapy I would have gotten a therapist not entered a cult for group therapy.
1	These people promise you the world, take (a lot of) your money, & give you a few shots of pop psychology, nothing more. They have no credentials, but they're just so sure they can help, just as soon as you fork over a few grand. One thing they do very well is brainwash people into doing their bidding, so no doubt this thread will soon be full of zombies raving about how great they are.
2	This is a review for the choice center shop, not the course itself. They charge almost $20 for customized dog tags that you can get for $5 in any mall and don't believe in customer service. The course itself gets 4 stars.
5	This place has changed my life. I had already lived a life that many would envy but something was lacking. That is until I went through the first two workshops. I am currently enrolled and halfway through the 100 days of leadership course.  Do I regret it, NO WAY!  Before you make a decision based on the average Star ratings, please read all of what the reviewers are saying. Most of those who have rated the center poorly haven't even stepped foot inside of the center and those who did certainly haven't completed the process in it's entirety. Not every exercise is going to be something that everyone will love, but I look at it like Gumbo. I have an aversion to Okra ever since I opened a can of it as a teenager. I love a good Seafood Gumbo though. Now if I were to say "I'm not gonna try the Gumbo because I watched the Chef put Okra in it and left without even tasting it. How would I be qualified to rate how the Gumbo taste? These people are making a decision and trying to dissuade you from something that just may transform your life without experiencing all that the Academy has to offer because they didn't like some part of it. By definition a cult is a group or organization that teaches you to worship someone or something.  They do not do that. They do ask you to not look at someone and disregard them because they may not be someone who you would want to hang out with or to consider helping others through random acts of kindness. Who could find fault in an organization that motivates people to collect warm clothing items during a record cold spell and then share them with those in need.  I have done more for others through participating in Choice Center Leadership Academy than when I spent 15 years in a non denominational Christian Church (8 of them in leadership). If teaching you to love others in the world and see them as a precious resource is wrong then I don't want to be right.LV135 forever!!!
5	I will just be starting Leadership training this coming weekend. I have gotten more out of the last 8 days with my experience at Choice Center than I have in most of my years entirely.  It is not a cult, it is however something that will scare anyone who isn't ready to make a change in their life for the better. Yes you will be asked to speak to your families and friends....and why wouldn't you? Wouldn't you want them to be as joyful, successful and as amazing as you are? Listen, these other posts are right about one thing, it's not cheap....but no one asked anyone to fork over $3k, think outside of the box, like an entrepreneur. Treat your own life like you would your own business, everyone needs investors sometimes and believe me you are worth it. OWTF! DWIT! LV136!!!
5	do not be misled by negative reviews from people who havent completed the program! I have just completed phase 2 of the training, abd cannot say enough about its powerful effect on my life. in the 2 weeks since I began, I've quit smoking, reconnected with my wife like newlyweds, recieved incresases in recognition and responsibility at work, yes, the program costs money, but its an investmentin yourself that will be returned a hundredfold. yes, you will encourage friends and family to go, but not because the program asks you too, you will be self-motivated to share this gift with the people you love because you genuinely want great things for them. yes, the program does ask you to worship one person, and place your faith in them, but that person is YOURSELF! yes, there is a charismatic speaker, but they're encouraging you to reconnect, expand and live outward rather than close off, isolate and retreat inward! befoee you make a decision, contact ANYONE  who mentions LVxxx in their post to get an honest opinion from SOMEONE WHO'S DONE IT! would you trust a restaurant review from someone who's just looked at the menu, or has just been invited by friends/family but doesnt go bedause of the price?! good food isnt cheap, but it can be worth it! OWTF, DWIT! LV136/137 leadership!
5	I have really enjoyed my experience at Choice, and I would recommend it to anyone.  Choice is a tool - not a cult or a marketing scheme or a spiritual movement - to help identify what limits you in what you would like to accomplish in your life and how to become more effective in order to have the results you want.  A central tenet is that better relationships and connections with people in all sections of your life will make your life richer.  It's not rocket science, it's just common sense.To be clear, no participants receive compensation of any kind to sign up people. The posters who gave it a poor rating and did not attend Choice seem to be most against being called by someone close to them to attend.  Though I can understand that, having friends share the experience is really the only way that makes sense to get the word out because much of the program requires trust.  Other similar programs have large groups of corporate sponsors who send their whole teams.  For example, I am encouraging my entire family to go because I know it would improve our communication and bring us even closer.So if someone you know calls you and tells you that he or she thinks you should consider Choice Center, instead of writing a review on Yelp, I would recommend two things... 1) Check out Brene Brown's TED Talk on Vulnerability (she has nothing to do with Choice Center, but her research is great evidence of why this type of training exists) and 2) Say to that person who called you: "Wow, thank you so much for wanting a deeper connection with me.  Tell me about your experience and how you are doing."
5	The people who are rating Choice Center 1 and 2 stars has no idea what the workshop is all about. They either signed up and didn't go or thought that they are pressure into take the class. I rate 5 stars for the Personal Development workshop as it is the best thing that I have ever done in my life. I have completed Discovery and Breakthrough and it was powerful and ground breaking. The Trainers are awesome and the coaches volunteers (previous students) their time to help mentor new students. Because they believed in the program and have rewarding outcome from their experiences they want to give back and help transform student's life. They are so loving, caring, and selfless. I could not thank Choice Center enough. This has been an amazing experience. I will start Leadership Legacy in a couple of days and I can't wait to get started.
5	I am going to be completely honest here. Initially I was skeptical about the workshop and I thought that the tuition was probably overpriced. On top of that, I couldn't imagine my life getting any better than it already was. I also didn't like the idea of people trying to talk me into enrolling in something.By the time both of my sisters finished the workshop, they no longer had to try to talk me into doing the same. Their ways of being spoke for them. I could see amazing changes in my already wonderful sisters; they became even more confident, motivated, and loving. That is what encouraged me to enroll. And I am glad I did! I am about to start the third part of the workshop (Leadership) and I am so excited. I have already benefited so much and there is still more to go. The tuition really is a small price to pay to invest in yourself and your life and become even more awesome than you already are.
5	Choice Center offers a great tool for helping answer big questions in one's life. How can I be the best me? What is keeping me from achieving my big - and small goals? Why don't I have deeper relationships? What do I want my legacy to be? I never really answered those questions- and they were bothering me. The fabulous facilitators who lead the program, the combination of group and individual exercises and coaching, and the intensity of the time spent in the Discovery and Breakthrough weekends challenged me, and yet gave me the ability to answer those questions. I became an even more energized and happier me. I did this program with my husband and he also realized great individual growth. The added benefit of us having a common experience brought us even closer together. I have recommended this program to my close friends because I think it can bring out what's buried inside, just waiting to come out.
5	I am a successful business owner with a wonderful family and many happy relationships.  I definitely didn't need this. SO wrong!  See, I read all the EQ books but what I didn't realize was that I was not connected.  My brain took all the information in but my heart did not.  Wow!  My heart is the key to everything successful in my life.I am so much happier living from my heart.  I actually consider what makes me happy now. Rereading the books I read with my brain with my heart is what life is about!  This is a process. Completing the entire training is key to valuable feedback here. I would love to see the other reviewers who did not complete the training come back and complete. How can you judge what you don't know?  Every day of training is designed to evoke something new in self learning.I have only seen successful and happy people graduate from this program the last 16 years.  Enrollment is life. I have such love for so many people.  I can't help but want this for anyone I care for.  The cost is ridiculously low compared to the results in your life. Money can't buy happiness but Choice Center does!
5	My first yelp post ever! This means this much to me to post a review. I am a third year college student. I have finish the two parts of Personal Development  (Discovery and Breakthrough) and currently finishing up my Leadership stage (3 more weeks to go!).The first hour of Discovery, I thought... wow this is brainwash/therapy/cult... WHAT DID MY ROOMMATE GOT ME INTO? I trusted this girl! SHE WOULD NEVER JOIN A CULT! And I continued following through the whole 4 days because I TRUST her. I'm so glad  I did because I discover many things about myself that I overlooked. Hell yea I continued onto Breakthrough and Leadership!Breakthrough is where I learned to face those belief systems that limit my potential being. Getting feedback on how I appear is BENEFICIAL. Leadership is where I apply what I learned and maintain the life I want. In 100 days, WHAT CAN I ACCOMPLISH? Well currently, a ton!!! ( Don't want to go into details because it might ruin other experiences)Going through all this, I create unbreakable bonds and deepened bonds with people in my life and the people that just entered my life. YEAAA- it's costly, but if it's the tools that can transform your life, wouldn't  you do it? If it's free, wouldn't  you do it? Will  you take that risk for your life? Isn't your life worth it?YEAAA- I admit, there's times where I wanted to leave...I wanted to quit... what got me going is how much I gain for this experience. Would I have strengthen my relationship with my family? Not really? Not now. Maybe not ever! Would I have organized my life so well that I can fit everything I want in my life?  Well I DID NOT, before this program. NOTE: Going through Choice Center University doesn't mean there's something wrong with you. THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH YOU. Choice is a tool for you to open the doors to your EQ and bring possibilities in your life.
5	I'm 35 years old, currently working full time in a internet marketing company that distributes printing products all over the world.  Born and raised in Taiwan, moved to the US at the age of 12.  Bering raised in an Asian family.  I was taught that showing my emotions/thoughts/feelings are not acceptable and considered weak.   I should study hard to get a good job in order to have a happy life.  Money is the most important thing in the world so get as much as I can, even if it means hurting others during the process.  Happiness and Love and Emotional intelligence are not something I have learned or came across to until I had went through the program at Choice. After completing the leadership program at Choice.  I'm a Happy / Loving person.  I am able to express my feelings to my family.  I told my Mom and Brother and my kids that I loved them for the first time in my life.  I am connected with people around me.  I am a better father, brother, son, husband, and friend.  I have a clear vision of my dreams/goals and ways of working towards achieving them, while having a lot of fun in the process. If you are reading this and have some questions or doubts about this experience.  I am open to speak to you either over the phone or in person or through email/text.  I do not work for the company nor do I gain any financial benefits for enrolling anyone to this program.  However I love it so much and is telling everyone I know about it because how much it had helped me. Here is a link to a video that may help you understand this program a little more http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fyoutu.be%2FE6Qwblqo5QI&h=qAQEwbzg3Sincerely,Gary W.
5	My experience with Choice has been life changing.  I was not misled about the purpose of Choice Center, nor was I promised that this program would "fix" my life, because there was nothing wrong with my life.  It's NOT about fixing you or your issues...it's about personal development and becoming a leader in your own life.  Taking charge of it and Identifying your limiting beliefs and breaking free from them so that you can achieve whatever it is you want for yourself and maximize your full potential.  I've always lived my life "pleasing" others and doing things for them even if it meant that I had to sacrifice what I wanted.  Having been raised in an Asian family, the only thing that matter was family and education/career...it was about financial status because that was the key to happiness. There was no crying or sharing your feelings because that was a sign of weakness and that was unacceptable.  Limiting belief!!Now I am in the latter part of my leadership program, I have taken big risks with my family & friends by being vulnerable and sharing my feelings with them.  At first, I had mixed responses (some very difficult & heartbreaking), but I've consistently stood for what I wanted and slowly they are opening up and I'm feeling more connected.  I know it's not something that happens overnight and it will take a lot of hard work & time, but nothing great in life comes easily and I am willing to put forth that effort to have the BEST relationship with them, and I get to.  Let me just end with this...nobody "needs" this, but everyone deserves the opportunity to be the best version of themselves and to be the happiest they can be every single day of their life. Trusting that you CAN accomplish anything, regardless of how big or small.  It's about living life with your heart and not with your head.
5	I took the courses here almost 10 years ago at the urging of a boss.  I've not been involved in the courses for probably 6 years.  Yet, I still rely upon many of the learnings and experiences to this day.  It's by far one of the best things I've ever done.  It's not easy, it takes work, and can challenging -- which is not a bad thing.  I excelled in a career during the course of the workshops and thereafter, only to become bored with it.  Using MANY of the tools learned at Choice I ventured out, started my own business 6 years ago.  It would not be at the level it's at now without my time in the leadership courses there.  I would highly suggest to anyone serious about taking control of their life.
5	Before Signing up for the course I decided to take a look at the Yelp Reviews. The one common theme that I noticed:-- Everybody that had attended the course rated it 4 or 5 stars (mostly 5)-- EVERY Person that rated it 1 star have never actually attended the course.This is VERY TELLING. I was put off when my brother approached me about the course. My life was perfect in my mind. But I love my brother so decided to trust him and signed up (Basically for him).I am very grateful that he "made" me take the course. It was worth the money times 10. They don't advertise so they rely on the attendees to vouch for their experience. The only way to make this happen is to provide them an amazing experience. You have ZERO financial incentive to ask your family and friends to attend. The only thing you get out of it is that you get to share that amazing experience with a loved one, ultimately creating a deeper bond.For somebody that isn't easily impressed/influenced:It is an amazing experience that every person deserves. Thank me later :)
1	Recently went through their program... It's nothing but about sales,  enrolling new people into the program. The guidelines are vague, and moved regularly to keep it obscure.  People are opted out,  which is a fancy way to say kicked out,  and there is an underlying current of very low integrity in a place that preaches integrity. Transformation is great but not the way Robyn the owner runs it. I do not recommend it when there are so many other places with better programs.  I just looked into them too late...
1	The figurative:Choice Center is a bully who approaches you with a warm, bright smile, then takes your money, punches you in the stomach, and runs away, pointing and laughing. The literal:1. April: someone I know signed me up during a high pressure sales situation. One can't "graduate" unless s/he recruits 5 people (even if you've complete all that it entails). The following week, I get a call from Corrine, the director. She seemed very interested in my goals and aspirations, and she urgently instructed me to fill out the on-line "homework."  The "homework" is simply a questionnaire asking about your goals and visions for yourself, in short answer form. Then you are breezed past the terms and policies, necessarily agreeing to them in order to complete the "homework." Corrine called me back within 2 days of completion, saying that since it's only April and my group wouldn't start until October, she would be in touch in June and August to check in. I asked her for a copy of the terms and policies in writing, since you're not permitted to print them directly and you can not go back to review them after you have completed the "homework."  I never received them. And she never called me back. 2. September: after never hearing from Corrine, I contact her via 4 different modes of communication (phone, email, text, voicemail) to inform her that, due to sudden and pressing familial obligations, I wouldn't be able to attend my first weekend, which was supposed to start 10/2/14.  I wanted to discuss my options (postponement to another start date).  I tried these 4 modes twice in 1 week. I never heard back from her. 3. Monday, 10/6/14: I get a call from Susana asking why I didn't show up. I told her that I tried to contact Corrine and discuss my situation and my options. Susana said that I would be getting a call on Wednesday, 10/8/14 at 10am from Danielle. I rearranged my schedule and my young daughters' schedules to take this call so that I can discuss the next steps. Danielle never called. No email. No text. No voicemail. (And since these people usually call from their personal lines, I had no way to get in touch with her.)  I tried calling Corrine again. Nothing. 4.  The following weeks, I finally called Amex to dispute the charge, as I no longer felt comfortable giving money to a company that won't call me back. Amex received a copy of the policies eventually. I still have NEVER received a copy. They'll talk to Amex but not me. 5. Late October - I received a call from a woman at CC whose name starts with an "M" (it was hard to hear her name on the vm).  I called back within 10 minutes. She didn't answer. I left a voicemail. She never called back. 6. 11/17/14. I called CC directly again asking for Corrine. I was told by the receptionist that Corrine no longer works at CC and has moved to another continent (this was 8 weeks after I initially tried calling her and told MULTIPLE other people I had tried calling her. Note: Corrine left long before I started calling her.).  The receptionist put me through to Danielle, the same woman who never called me on 10/8/14.  First, she said that I didn't answer that call, when I was waiting in my living room with my phone in hand. Then she said it went to voicemail. I asked her if she left a message or tried contacting me through another method (email, text).  She was silent. After a long discussion, I asked Danielle for a refund. She said it was their policy not to give refunds (mind you, I had paid almost $2500 (the full amount) in full in April). She advised to sign up for another course. I told her I don't have any faith or respect for people who dismiss me and ignore me for 8 weeks, despite my repeated attempts to be in touch. And I informed her that I wouldn't ever entertain the idea of working with them again. And I politely but firmly requested a refund. Danielle asked if she could call me back the following day.7. 11/18/14 - no call. I ended up calling her back the following Monday, 11/24/14. She told me that she spoke with the CEO/Founder Robyn and the accounting department. And it was decided that, even though I will never work with such a company lacking values, they will keep my money. I asked the name of the director. Danielle informed me that she's the final decision and ignoring my requests to get a copy of the policies and are "holding up [our] end of the bargain."  And no refund (not even under the terms of them keeping my deposit and giving back the rest) will be issued. I did try calling Robyn twice in 6 days and left messages with the receptionist (who told me she remembered that I called previously). Never heard from her. I am now in the midst of pressing familial obligations, out $2500 because Danielle has "held up her end of the bargain."  Clearly her end of the bargain includes a lack of communication, a lack of propriety, and a lack of compassion. They only want your money. That's why the rates continue to increase. Stay away, folks!
