3	Mandarin Wok has been hit or miss for me, mostly depending on whether I go with a person who can read and order from the real menu or whether I have to order myself from the English menu.  It's in campustown, so I usually never go there unless it's for a departmental luncheon, and then I don't have to pay.  In fact, I've never gone to Man Wok one time when I had to spend my own money.  I think it is more "authentic" than any of the other chinese restaurants I have eaten at in champaign.  But they still serve orange chicken.  Tonight when I was there, I noticed that they have a plasma screen tv in the party room now.  It was playing a chinese game show.  Of some sort.
4	This is the best Chinese in campus-town.  Some dishes are not as good as others (such as eggplant and spinach).  I recommend the crispy tofu.
5	One of my favorite Chinese joints in college. Portions are huge, so large that I think 2 people can finish one lunch item. The menu has so many varieties of foods. I love the fried rice here...The staff is nice and they have a lot of seating to accommodate a large group. Very inexpensive and I highly recommend it!
4	Not bad Chinese food at all - we came here for Sunday dimsum which was pretty decent.  Service was decent, dim sum was good but there were some dishes that I was a bit disappointed by, but the ones that were pretty satisfactory included the spareribs in black bean sauce, beef tripe, bean curd, and the shrimp shui mi.Just a tip - be careful of which tea that you end up pouring - for some reason, I ended up with a cup full of hot sugar water.  And oh, yeah - they don't take card so make sure that you have cash with you.
2	I used to eat here very often when I was study at UIUC couple years back. However, last year I happened to visit Champaign again and want to have some of my favorite food at Mandarin wok so I stopped by here to have lunch.In my opinion, the quality as well as the taste is sooo much better when it belongs to the original owner. I was disappointed with crispy tofu that is not as good as before. I also ordered different kind of foods but nothing can compare to the one usually I had before. If you really want to try a "real mandarin wok" you should go to Mahomet where the original owner open a new restaurant name "the wok"
5	Clearly the best Chinese restaurant on campus.  In addition to the great food and fast service, they recently started printing the Chinese menu with translation, so you can get the good stuff without having to know chinese or use the point-at-someone's-meal-and-say-"I'll have that"-method.
1	I used to walk past this place all the time for the last 3 years and finally had the opportunity to come here with my boyfriend. We were craving pho, and normally we go to Cravings for that but he had come here with his boss and swore it was better here. Noting the couple in front of us eating the beef version of pho I got excited. We ordered the seafood pho.When it came I noticed there was something immediately wrong: the noodles looked suspiciously like Top Ramen egg noodles instead of rice noodles but I dug in cos I was so hungry. My boyfriend was a little annoyed since he had gotten something completely different. It also had no garnish (bean sprouts, basil), no lime, and there was no oil that normally comes in the soup. When we inquired the lack of garnish or lime, we were informed by a very nervous waitress that our pho was "special". We then asked for srirarcha (sp?) and got a tiny dollop of it. All in all we paid $16 for beef Top Ramen with seafood floating in it. It was very salty and unpleasant. I felt disgusted that I actually ate half since I was so hungry.Multiple theories as to why we were treated this way. The couple in front of us had the beef pho and it had the garnish and the lime/oil and rice noodles.1) We didn't look Asian enough: I'm Filipino Italian (look at my profile picture) and my boy is Filipino but could pass for Latino sometimes. They were too cheap to serve us the real thing or thought they could get away with serving us the ramen since we "didn't know any better anyway".2) They were out of ingredients and were too lazy to bother telling us  and offer alternatives or a refund.3) A combination of number 1 and 2.I guess it serves us right for going into a Chinese restaurant for pho but Cravings serves multiple Asian dishes as well and they got it right. What made us the most angry is the fact that the Asian couple in front of us got exactly what they wanted and we left unsatisfied. My boy swears he got good soup there but his boss is more Asian looking and could be the reason why they got it right. NEVER AGAIN STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!
4	I want to be gentle because in reality, I am looking for great food; service is often overlooked by me as a result. But honestly, the combination of being understaffed and having to self-order at the cashier makes it unacceptable for humongous wait times.The food I would consider a cross between Chinese and Taiwanese style comfort food. Think oily, but good oily!My favorite dishes include: Taiwanese fried rice, three cup chicken, ong choy stir-fried with satay sauce and garlic (aka satay kong xin cai).Come for good food, but don't expect any service.
2	My friends and I ended up eating here just randomly, walking down the street to find something to eat. We were actually heading over to Ihop, but saw that Mandarin Wok had dim sum, so we stopped in.I've never experienced this type of service before - or lack there of. They bring the food out to you and plates, but everything else is up to you. Get your own drinks (chrysanthemum tea, jasmine tea, or water), your own utensils, your own sauce (they had packaged soy sauce and sweet and sour sauce, usually not what I use for dim sum), and you have to get up and order at the cashier.They should really put a sign up or make sure people know to order, a family walked in while we were half way done with our dim sum, and they just sat there. The girl who was working wasn't doing anything important but she didn't even walk over to them, give them a menu, or anything until the man called for her.Anywho, the dim sum just reaches the bare minimum for passing off as an okay meal. Perhaps in a small town it's good, but it doesn't compare to Chinatown in the Chi.There wasn't a lot of options, only about 25 items. My favorite thing for dim sum is shrimp crepes and turnip cake. Both of which were disappointing! The shrimp crepe only had two small pieces of shrimp. The turnip cake was just off, seemed like it wasn't cooked right.  The shui mai and shrimp dumpling were small, but it tasted fine.Not entirely saddened by this experience because at least it wasn't expensive. Around $7 to share 10 dishes. I don't think we left a tip, since we really didn't have a waitress/waitor.
2	When they were under previous management, their food was great. But now it's barely passable. Their fried rice is all gummy and their noodle soups are too salty. Do yourself a favor and go to the old owners' new place -- the Wok -- in Mahomet.
3	I've only been here during lunch hours, when it's almost completely empty, for their dim sum. The dim sum isn't bad for somewhere not in Chicago, but it's obvious that most of everything is frozen and re-steamed. Prices aren't bad either, about the usual prices for dim sum. They might be the only place on campus that makes real fruit slushies with boba (Evo uses syrup, yuck!). Other than that, the regular food is nothing special and rumor has it this place is closing soon since no one ever goes there anymore. But that's just a testament to the ownership and the so-so food. If you want dim sum you can always go to Saigon.
5	I don't live in Champaign anymore but I come back to eat here.  It's of course, a no frills, plastic fork kind of place, but if you order off their Chinese menu, you will not be disappointed. Their Spicy Pig Intestine stew is probably the best dish I have ever eaten. Every time I go, I take an order with me.  When I am eating it in Chicago, it is so good it makes me want to move back.  C-U has always had better asian food than Chicago, but this dish, and it's always a little different, sends me to the moon.  I can't speak for their Sesame Chicken or their Egg Foo Young, and if I was as talented as the person in that kitchen, I would be insulted seeing that kind of order come up.  That being said, they should probably alter the ambience, but hell, they are mainly existing to serve Chinese students who want authentic chinese food,  not people who want a fine dining experience. As long as that dish stays good, I will always come back.  They have wonderful food and I like that the prices are lower because there are no waiters or flatware.  I would pay 30 dollars for the Intestine dish.  I am glad I can still get it for 12.
3	I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  It serves quite capable food, both American-Chinese style and some reasonably authentic food as well.It's fancy, and their most authentic foods are written on the walls in Chinese, but I went with a Chinese friend and had a good meal, about as good as an average place in Chicago's Chinatown.  Three stars is supposed to be "A-OK" and I think that fits this place.  I might not go out of my way to eat here again, but I'd have no problem going back again if I was in Urbana.Service wasn't the best, but it wasn't horrifyingly bad either.
3	It's always fun to come here with a big group.While they offer dim sum here, which is something you can't find anywhere else around Champaign, a word of caution: their dim sum isn't all that great...For the more authentic dishes, go with the ones hand-written in Chinese on the walls.  If you're not sure what it is, don't hesitate to ask the owners... plus, you could always close your eyes, point at a random dish on the wall, and see what surprise arrives at your table (I suggest trying this only if you don't have food allergies =P)!While they do have lunch specials here, the dishes tend to be over-Americanized (like orange/sweet-sour chicken, general tsao's, etc.), but cheap.As a tip, the owners stock their kitchen on Mondays so for the freshest ingredients, try Mandarin on a Tuesday.   Of course, that's not to say that their food is any less on other days!If you come here often enough and get to know the owners, they often throw in an extra dish or two for free =]Mandarin Wok reminds me of the Chinese restaurants back home.
4	As far as the authenticity of the food by far the best anywhere in Champaign/Urbana,  wife and I ordered baby squid in basil sauce and the peking pork, the squid was cooked perfectly and spiced perfectly.  The peking pork was fried to perfection and the sauce was very tasty.  They have updated their menus so that the good stuff can be read in English now.  Their dim sum is pretty standard items, but the only real place to go in Champaign, myself I would probably wait till I get back to Chicago for that.The down side of this place is their are two waitress that also work in the kitchen, everything is self serve the tea, drinks, even your utensils.  So do not come here expecting great service, but all in all the most authentic chinese restaurant in Champaign!!
3	I got American-style Chinese food, the Empress Chicken with steamed rice, which was "meh."  However, some of the more authentic dishes looked pretty good... and their tofu looked awesome.In general they were okay. I'll break it down list style:Pluses:Cheap. $5 something for decent lunch portions with steamed or fried rice.The tea, Jasmine or Chrysanthemum, is free.With giant round table w/ lazy susans, this place is PERFECT for groups.The tofu, soups, and more traditional dishes looked good.Minuses:The fried American-style dishes were food-court quality.My companion found a bug in her food.The atmosphere is as good as the service--somewhat non-existent. I will probably return, especially if I have a group, and will order something else.
4	Ever since I went to Hong Kong, I have been a huge fan of Dim Sum :) Unfortunately, there are not a lot of places to get it in central Illinois, but this is one of them (if not the only one) and it is also surprisingly pretty darn good... Now, I have been working on my Cantonese, but it's not great...so I will explain my favorite dishes using my lame english terms. 1) Pork Dumplings - good...not really unique or anything; pretty standard for dim sum 2) Sesame rolls - AWESOME!!! I am usually not a huge fan of these, but theirs are pretty decent and sweeter than I remember. 3) shrimp crepes - pretty good...I would have liked more shrimp though 4) chicken feet - cooked really well; these were pretty big and more filling then I think is typical 5) Spare Ribs - they came in a sauce that I can't really remember the name of, but it was good and not too salty 6) Turnip Cake - probably my favorite, but I always love it :) 7) Congee - this came with a pork sausage which was tasty. I was getting pretty full at this point, but the congee was good enough to keep me going... The place also has really good jasmine and chrysanthemum tea, which is refreshing on a chilly day :)The only thing I wish they did here was use the carts, but it is a small place and they serve other items then Dim Sum so I understand...
5	After coming back here for the pho (Vietnamese noodles), I have to upgrade the rating to 4.5 stars, or basically rounded up to 5.Hungover after a night a the bars, the gf recommended grabbing pho at Mandarin Wok. I never even knew that this super-Chinese restaurant would offer Vietnamese noodles, let alone if it was authentic or not.Surprise. Surprise.The pho was EXCELLENT. Far exceeding the likes of legitimate Vietnamese establishments in the Champaign-Urbana area. I would venture to say that it rivals the pho I get back home in the San Francisco Bay Area, but that's probably because my pho-addicted brain craves any substitute.. although the Yelper in me looks for quality and authenticity :]Soup base was flavorful, noodles chewy, meat offering varied and delicious. And they even bring the bean sprouts, herbs, and jalapeno slices.You will not be disappointed coming here for a hot steaming bowl of pho. If you've never had pho in your life, consider trying it at Mandarin Wok a first step to something incredible.*Caveat*: only order the beef pho, as according to another Yelper the seafood pho is whack.
4	I took my dad there today to give him some dim-sum experience. The food was good, and was ready in a reasonable amount of time (maybe due to the fact that we came there after peak hour). Like other reviewers have mentioned, there is not really what you would normally call "service", you get your own tea, chop stick and clean up after yourselves. but i am fine with that. A good experience overall.
4	Went here looking for pho because I was having a huge craving for it. It's good beef pho and for a decent price as far as a big bowl goes, it was about $8 or so. Other than pho, they do have a lot of options and the ordering and serving is pretty easy. Be wary of when you order though. If you are somewhere in between lunch and dinner time, I've had problems with my friends and I getting a lunch portion when we wanted a dinner portion. But the portions are fairly priced so that's a plus.But the staff is polite and the food is good and they even have dim sum if you have cravings for it like I do.
4	Probably one of the most underrated Chinese restaurants on campus. Their dim sum is delicious! It's absolutely everything I wasn't expecting because I never hear good things about this place or no one just erally talks about it. Not only is it delicious, they have dim sum 11am-3pm EVERY day! What! Who does that! It's amazing!I had their snow pea leaves stir fried in garlic today and eggplant in garlic sauce + chicken. both were great. although, i think the snow pea leaves could've been cooked a bit more some of it was tough. The eggplant was delicious and I was looking at all the dishes around me everything looks pretty good. Forget rainbow garden - come here for real Chinese food. (And theyre not eternally grumpy like the owners at Rainbow).
4	YUMMY!!!!I love this place.. large enough to hold 17 girls for a big dinner party in the other room.  Crispy tofu and eggplant were the highlights of the night.  Ended up being $8 pp!!!  What a deal!
1	This place had generally good reviews, but I had an entirely different experience. It was a very disappointing.A friend and I had decided to go because we wanted to try their dim sum. I had heard from friends that it was great. We walked in about 12:15 and did not leave until about 2:30. In my opinion, that is way too long for an hour lunch break.We walked in and it was very hectic. The waitresses were yelling and the tables were still dirty from the customers who had left. We went up to the counter to order, but she told us to sit down with our menu. We saw a bunch of people walk in and order at the counter so we filled in our sheet and brought it up. At this point it was about 12:30 before she even took our sheet because the waitress were taking care of the customers who had just walked in. So we sat there and waited, and waited and waited. 30 minutes had gone by and nothing. 40 minutes. Nothing. We were very upset because we only had a short lunch break. About 43 minutes later, our first dish came out. Slowly, our little dim sum dishes came out. One by One. Our dishes were being thrown on the table without care and the waitress just left without telling us what it was. We went up to get some hot tea as well and both containers were completely empty. We to complain and the manager said that this was a new girl and she didn't really have a handle on things yet. Our last dish came about 45 minutes later from our first dish. A few of the dim sum dishes were really tasty, but it did not make up for lack of management and service skill. I do not think that I'll ever be returning.
4	Went here many times with friends while I was down at UofI.  Good portions at decent prices.  Wait is a bit long at times, but overall a great place to eat if you want to stay close to campus.  Food is good, only gave 4 stars because of wait time.
4	I must have spent thousands at this place when I was attending UIUC from 2002-2006 since it was directly across from my apartment and because I was too damn lazy to cook. If you are not Chinese, I would definitely suggest to bring one with you to help dissect their massive Chinese-written menu since it has all the goodies on there such as the oh-so-tender beef tendon.
4	I had lunch at Mandarin Wok once again today, and I left with happy stomach.  I ordered my favorite dish "Braised Fish" and 3 dim sum dishes.  Braised Fish is delicious as always, but I would be perfect with a little spice.  Food is great, but there are rooms for improvement on the decor and cleanliness.
4	We've lived in the Champaign area for about 6yrs now..... and since then, I've had a love/hate relationship with this restaurant.   They have a huuuuge menu -- very similar to Golden Harbor (who were  the original owners of this place for those of you who are interested in Tina's Chinese restaurant entrepreneurial endeavors of Champaign --- I think she started with Cravings, then to Mandarin Wok, then to The Wok, then to Golden Harbor -- and of course some other restaurants in between probably).   Anyways, you walk in, figure out what you want from the 300+ item menu (score another biggie if you know how to read the Chinese menu), then write down your order and sit and wait for the food to come out.   This is the only place in town that serves dim sum -- and I LOVE dim sum.   The quality of dim sum has varied over the years, and at one point, I was so angry for waiting for at least 40minutes for mediocre dim sum that I didn't come back for two years.   But that was then and this is now --- went in the other week and knew that I would be kicking myself for not driving up to Chicago for dim sum, but I was craving hargow and shui mai so bad (I just found out I was pregnant, so when a pregnancy craving kicks in, watch out!) that I figured I'd eat here just to get the taste.   I ordered har gow, shui mai, shrimp spring rolls and beef balls.   Total came to about $13.   I'm never sure about the tipping policy here, but I'm sort of going after what Tina does at Golden Harbor and not tip because you basically have to bus your own tables and there's a sign that says no tip required.   Anyways, I was pleasantly surprised that my first dish was out in about five minutes -- har gow.... they were a little on the small side (key lime size) but holy cow, were they good!!!   Then the shui mai comes out --- same thing, wow?!.   Then the spring rolls and beef balls -- yummy, yummy!!  I couldn't believe it -- it wasn't the best I've had, but they hit the spot and I didn't feel like I had a lump in my stomach afterwards.    Just to be sure, I went back the other day..... and same thing!  Everything was yummy and fairly fast!!!   I love dim sum and am glad that for the time being that it's really happening at Mandarin Wok --- a little on the pricey side for dim sum, but rather than spending 5hrs of drive time, $50 in gas and parking -- it's better to stay in Champaign for the next little while!!  HOORAY!
4	The dim sum here is delicious!! I've eaten here with friends before and wasn't too impressed. It wasn't until some friends told me about the dim sum that I decided to give this place another chance and it's made me a new believer. Definitely recommend the dim sum. They serve it EVERY day from 11am-3pm!
5	How have i not reviewed Mandarin Wok yet? I'm a U of I alumni and this was the go to place for chinese peeps who wanted authentic yummy chinese food. I know it sounds strange that a school in the middle of corn fields could have excellent chinese food, but then again it's an engineering school so you know what that means.The fried tofu is SO GOOD here. I came back 9 years later for a reunion and the fried tofu was still amazing here. If possible, order off the mandarin menu and not the english menu. or at least say you want the "chinese style" and not american style dishes.yes, they make it both ways. I live in the bay area now, and i still say this is one of the best chinese restaurants I've had, and especially for the midwest! Definitely better than most places in Chicago!
5	I grew up in Taiwan so I know what I'm talking about. I've been to many Chinese restaurants on campus and this one is certainly the most authentic of all. I would suggest non-Chinese customers to bring a Chinese speaking friend and look at the Chinese menu instead of the English one.
4	Mandarin Wok was one of the few affordable and authentic Chinese restaurants on the U of I campus. The regular dinner menu is huge and the food is good. Dishes come out with pretty decent portions. My friends and I have often claimed Mandarin Wok as our official birthday dinner place. There are several tables meant for big groups and for college kids, we were never disappointed. In addition, the clutch thing about this place is definitely the fact they they served dim sum. To me, that's always a win.
5	Ohhh..how I miss this place..travelled to three cities after I moved from Champaign...this place still stands at the top....the best chinese I had in the last 5 yrs was here..never after...I have to make a trip to Champaign just for this place.
5	So far the only on campus I know that have Dim Sum. Not that good but had no other choice.Like their beef stew. Owner lady is extremely nice.
1	Beware of dirty tricks!I used to eat here frequently. However, my last two visits were terrible. The restaurant substituted a $14 fish dish for a $26 fish, without informing us. They simply served it. The first time I was not sure. The second time I asked and pointed out that it is a different kind of fish. They said they ran out of the fish I ordered, and reimbursed the price difference. But apparently they would just keep the overcharge if I had acquiesced. And of course I am expected to be happy with a fish I haven't even ordered.Make sure you're eating THE fish you ordered (not some cheap substitute) if you go to Mandarin Wok.
4	Amazed by the variety of choices. Dim sum is available. Tasty and authentic. The only concern is the unsanitary look.
3	The food is all right. Just like the other chinese restaurant on green street, the positioning of what kinda food it shall serve is very bad. How could a restaurant try to cook all styles of chinese food. Chinese cuisine ain't American fried shit. Trying to make everything always end up failing at everything.
3	Small portions compared to the rest of the asian places on green st, especially when the price is almost the same. The food is good though.
3	Alright, i'm back to not liking the dim sum here.... I went in the other day, ordered my usual (hargow, siu mai, , eggplant, etc) and sat at my table.  The tea was hot as usual...the floors were sticky, greasy and slippery.  The food came out fairly quickly....the shiumai was an odd color... Rather than the mustard yellow color of the wonton wrapper, it was a weird dead brown hue.... Everything tasted as if it was frozen or maybe made last week and pulled out of the fridge. YUCK.   I looked around and noticed that everyone had order noodle soup bowls....pho, etc.... I'll do that next time.  I question the health code standards here....
2	I came here for their dim sum. they were NOT GOOD. end of the story.tips:if you like dim sum, i suggest you go to a Asian grocery store, such as: Far East, Green onion, Amko, or that little shop on Neil street called Chang's. They have packaged frozen dim sun: sesame balls, custard bun, BBQ buns, shrimp dumplings, you tiao and stuff like that! its so much cheaper and more! all you gotta do is steam or microwave them, then you are good to go!
4	This is a very good place for authentic southern Chinese food on campus. Even my parents (they are Chinese) like this place. I order their "chicken fried rice with salty fish" at least three times a month. It's so good and absolutely authentic. It's not getting five stars because you get less amount of food for the same price compared to four years ago. I guess this is predictable because of the inflation and increase in cost. This is also the only place serving dim sum in Champaign as of today. I can't say it's dim sum is great, but it's acceptable if you are craving for some.
