4	Was kind of leery of purchasing a half off state inspection deal for this place that I had never heard of, figuring they would find any and everything wrong to repair on my car but I was pleasantly surprised that this place was just the opposite.....very professional staff and very nice waiting.  Saturday's are by appointment and they even started before my appointment time.  Quick courteous service for $15 bucks....can't ask for much more than that.  They specialize in Mercedes repair but do service foreign and domestic cars, I'll definitely keep them in mind for my next service.
5	Excellent and fast service. No rip off and honest. I went with groupon voucher for nc state inspection and they treated me kindly
5	Super Eagle Auto Care staff were very kind and I felt like they took care of me. I was heading out of town and needed an appt. quickly. I had recently purchased the state inspection groupon and hoped to get a clean bill of health before hitting the road. The only problem--I was leaving the next day. When I called Super Eagle and explained my situation they were able to squeeze me in! I was so grateful and that was the beginning of an oh-so-pleasant experience! Once  I arrived, one of the mechanics was getting in a car to move it into the lot. I asked where should I go in and he directed me and told me that they were waiting for me. What? You even know who I am!? I can appreciate that kind of customer service. Once inside, I filled out my paperwork and my car was immediately serviced. Afterwards, they gave me advice for my road trip, and I am happy to say I made it to/fro safe and sound. Super Eagle are nice, professional and knowledgeable. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	I too bought the state inspection discount voucher through Charlotte Observer Deals. It only cost me $15 and I was in and out in 15 minutes flat. I actually had to cancel my first appointment due to illness and they were able to reschedule me the next day no problems. No up-selling or gimmicks once I arrived. Friendly staff, super-clean waiting room (and restroom) with gratis snacks and coffee too. I also noticed they had wifi.  I'll keep this place in mind next time I need repairs on my car.
5	This place is awesome!  The owner and employees are very friendly and helpful and they did a great job with my inspection.  Honest and hardworking people; local small business. Their waiting area is clean and they work quickly to get you on your way.   I will definitely return.
5	This is definitely the nicest mechanic waiting area I've ever had the pleasure of being in. Fresh paint, a keurig coffee maker, free snacks, FREE WIFI, and they even have a small children's play area. I've been here 3 times now and I'm always greeted nicely and serviced promptly. If you need an inspection, get the half of groupon voucher and come here!
5	This place was great, honest service and reasonable prices. I went to a dealership that was charging me 50 dollars to change a light bulb. Super eagle did it for one dollar.
5	We moved to Charlotte in Nov, and I really had no idea as to how to find a new mechanic outside of checking with Yelp. I can tell you 100% that I was not let down by the outstanding reviews for Super Eagle Auto Care. I took my Honda Civic there with some weird vibration issues in the front wheels. After diagnosing the issue, they gave me an estimate, and moved forward with the work. To my pleasant surprise, when I returned a few days later to pick up my car, I was charged an amount significantly UNDER the estimate as they determined that not all the work needed to be done. In cross checking with the "RepairPal" app, their pricing was under the expected market price, and under their initial estimates. As far as the quality of their work: my car now drives/turns smoothly and all vibration and noise is gone. I'm sold! I will be bringing my cars here exclusively from now on.
5	Nice lobby.  Free Keurig coffee.  Inspection done timely.  Professional receptionist.  Recommend reservations.
5	Like some of the other reviewers, I found this place through a Groupon voucher and initially just came for an inspection.  (Sidenote:  Make sure you call for an appointment, as they don't take walk-ins).  I have come back here for quite a few additional services for my husband's car and mine because they are honest and trustworthy and explain to you exactly what you are being charged for.  Also, yes, the waiting room is great--wifi, coffee, tables to sit at and work, etc.  I hate the stress of having car repairs, but this place makes it a lot less of a hassle.
5	I've been here twice. The first time was for an inspection, which like many other reviewers, was from a Groupon. You will notice when you walk in how clean it is. There is also free wifi, Keurig coffee, and a nice high table to sit at or if you prefer, a couch. The inspection took a little long, but the owner came out an apologized for the wait. He took care of a burned out bulb which ran about $3. The next time, I scheduled an appointment to get, what I thought, was a worn wheel bearing looked at. I get a call about an hour or two later saying that my tread has separated from the tire and that I should replace the it. He quoted me a few different prices, but since I get my tires taken care of elsewhere I passed. They didn't charge me anything to look at it, and I briefly chatted with the tech that looked at it. I told him that even I'm not taking care of the tires here, I'll be back since I work close by (and the service has been honest and professional so far). On a side note, I was also given a quote to get a valve head gasket done; it was almost the same price as another highly rated Charlotte mechanic shop, but Super Eagle added another $30 to the price for an oil change since they recommend doing one at the same time.
5	I got a groupon for a state inspection here. I made an appointment and was in and out in less than thirty minutes. They were very friendly!
