5	l have been to various Bath & Body Works all over the US, but this one at PV Mall is the one I visit most frequently.  All products are cruelty-free and absolutely smell divine.  They have a huge variety of lotions and potions, soaps, fragrances for home and even carry an entire men's line.Bath & Body Works not only as the cutest packaging, they also have all sorts of sales and coupons available year round to make sure you get the best deal.My favorite lip glosses and balms from C.O. Bigelow are carried here as well as the entire Patrica Wexler face care line.  This place is awesome.
5	O. LOOK! IT'S. A. SALE!  AND. A. BIG. ONE!  Whooooo...Luv it when these things happen here - o ya.  75% off?  Works for moi!  Wait!  Did I see a sign for 90% off? !  G R A B.  S T U F F.  P A Y.  R U N. OOGGLE AT THE BOOTY ON THE WAY HOME.  COVET & DESIRE IT.  ARRIVE HOME: dump the goods onto the counter & place items delicately in appropriate shelves, drawers & baskets - Ahhhhh.  My skin will thank me really soon....
4	This place always smells so good walking by! Bath & Body Works is my go to gift spot when I don't know what to get someone. By someone I mean a woman, what girl doesn't love yummy scented bath products? They are a bit pricey, but usually have good deals where you can stock up, especially around the holidays. My fav items are the lil hand sanitizers, lil hand lotions (both good for my purse), candles & their hand soaps that look great in my kitchen. They have the best scents too, with warm vanilla sugar, vanilla noel (holiday special), coconut lime & country apple being some of my favs. I've been going here since HS, so I'm sure I'll be going here till I'm an old lady!
5	Great Staff....Great service....within walking distance of my Apt......and the Candle deals are simply awesome. Starting back in November I have purchased at least 22 candles to this date (Feb 18th 2013). I mean the 3 wick candles usually go for 20 bucks apiece but they have been virtually giving away candles at Bath and Body Works since before the holidays of 2012. I mean 2 for 22.....buy 2 get 2 free.....4 for 30 with a coupon......8 bucks a piece with another coupon.....30 % & 40 % off candles....I mean it has been crazy. So needless to say I look forward to buying many more this year when these glorious sales come around...until then Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
