4	I found this place while me and my husband were taking a walk on the strip... it started to rain so we ducked into the Mirage. I know this is a yogurt place but I chose to get a  Banana Nut Crepe instead. It was nice and warm with drizzled caramel on it. The portion was big enough for my husband and I to share. It was 8.95 which is a reasonable price for where we were.
4	I've been to a lot of frozen yogurt places (I swear a new one opens daily in Phoenix), but this one is definitely my favorite. The frozen yogurt is delicious, creamy, and doesn't taste artificial. We had the chocolate and the dulce de leche flavors, which were delicious on their own and together. Along with this, they had crepes! It isn't listed on their website, though. We had a Smore's crepe along with our froyo, and the crepe was great! All the fillings and toppings were delicious and the crepe held together quite well.The employees working here were very friendly. The only thing that I disliked had to do with sampling the froyo flavors. They require an employee to be standing out by the froyo machines with the people sampling the froyo to prevent people from refilling the sample cups and not buying anything, but it was far too busy for that. There were only two people working, and it was late night in Vegas, so there were way too many customers to only have one person making the food and running the register while the other stood out and kept an eye on the froyo samplers. All-in-all, I loved the food here and definitely plan on coming back for a snack or dessert (and more crepes!) next time I am in Vegas. Recommended!P.S.- For Vegas, the prices are very reasonable.
3	Average and quite pricey for a froyo. There a tons of new froyo that opens up around where I live and usually averages about $0.35/ounces. On the other note, friendly staff and very clean place.
3	We were at the point in our Las Vegas vacation where we were sick of food and yet still hungry.  So we tried this place out and, yes ma'am, very good.  My husband had a waffle with frozen yogurt and I had the very berry crepes. Not expensive but not a cheap meal, either.  Good to people watch, great for somethin different in the Vegas experience which did not include the word 'buffet'.
5	this place is so yummy, i wish i had woken up earlier to get breakfast here everyday i was in vegas!  i got the peach/mango froyo and the hazelnut - both very delicious.  then i got the plain crepe, which comes with butter and whip cream.  ohhh emmmm geeeee it was so good!  i wish i had tried a waffle too!
2	After coming out of the Secret Garden we wanted a little snack.  We grabbed a cup and filled up on different flavors of yogurt and added all the fun toppings.  Although I didn't pour any yogurt that said it was "tart" one of the flavors was very tart and that kind of ruined the taste for me.It came to around $11.00 for yogurt only...ouch that was expensive...which wouldn't have been too bad if I had really enjoyed the taste of the yogurt.  I think the next time I want a snack in the Mirage I'll just get some chips in the sundry shop!
5	Blizz was a savior in Vegas as a breakfast option!We went to Blizz for breakfast on two mornings during our stay in Vegas.  It was a relief to be able to get a crepe with fresh fruit for under $10!  The crepe was good - soft and had a nice vanilla flavor.  They had an assortment of cut up fruit that could be purchased (based on weight) that you could put on the plain crepe - which made for a healthy breakfast.They also had several other fruit crepes that you could buy or fruit smoothies.  As somebody that is always searching for healthy dining options when in Vegas, Blizz came through on this past trip!The Berry smoothie was good - just ask them to hold the whipped cream...
4	Had a berry banana smoothie after the dolphin/lion exhibit nearby. Good stuff, not overpriced either. service was very friendly.
4	I agree with the review that said this is a blessing for breakfast in Vegas.  Especially with the smokey air make your throat hurt and lose your voice.  The workers were very helpful and altered a smoothie that was all fruit.
5	Great place.  I loved Blizz.  They should put these things everywhere.
2	Just okay for froyo.  Variety and quality of yogurt is alright, but nothing special.  Yogurt In at Mandalay Place or Yogurtland at Town Square are both less expensive and much better.  Seating area is nice and spacious if you are planning on eating onsite, but this is nothing to go out of your way for.
4	We liked Blizz Frozen Yogurt at the Mirage so much, that we went there twice for breakfast.  The first time was purely for the ultimate vacation breakfast - dessert!   The second time was because we got tired of waiting in line elsewhere.We did the buffet one morning and other sit down breakfasts during the beginning of our vacation, but decided on Blizz to do something different.The first time at Blizz we had frozen yogurt in a cup with lots of fruits and sweet toppings.  The next morning we had two waffles: one with chocolate chips and apple pie topping and the other with fresh fruit and syrup.  We felt happy and satisfied both mornings.We enjoyed Blizz because it had easy self-serve yogurt, a good variety of delicious flavors and toppings, freshly made waffles with fresh toppings, and because it was good alternative to more formal breakfasts.  Best of all, it was inexpensive and delicious!
3	We do't have Blizz in Boston.  Its decent.  Yogurt is fresh, and they have plenty of fresh toppings.  Solid yet unspectacular
3	Get: The yogurt parfait Pass: The smoothiesThis place is located in the Mirage and they have pictures of celebrities getting yogurt there so I figured it must be good. I was here for a conference and I needed breakfast before I had to listen to talks for 8 hours. I didn't want super unhealthy food, so i figured a smoothie or parfait would be a better option. The first morning I got the blizzberry smoothie which has blackberries, blueberries, strawberries, and raspberries with slim milk and yogurt. I figured since it had so many of the berries I like, plus yogurt and milk, it would have to be delicious. The smoothie was definitely bland and not at all as tasty as it potentially could have been. Definitely expected a lot more flavor. My friend got the parfait which was just okay as the granola was stale and the yogurt wasn't really flavorful. I was disappointed overall. Also, their yogurt is 55 cents an ounce. I'm not sure if 55 an ounce is cheap. Update: This conference was three days so I basically went here every morning because I had no other choices really. The second and third days I just stuck to the parfaits. Both of these days the parfaits were much better than the first time. The first time there was only blueberries and two raspberries, and some granola. The other times there was a lot more of the blueberries and raspberries, and then strawberries lining the cup! It was a much better parfait the last two days, but still expensive ($6+) and not the best I have had.
4	For the uninitiated, the yogurt served in Blizz is part of a franchise.  Blizz adds crepes and other things to the menu, but it's important to know this frozen yogurt is made offsite by a company that makes it the exact same way for any franchise owner.  The only difference is that each franchise chooses which flavors they serve.In the frozen yogurt world there's many options, but the contenders are Pinkberry and these franchises.   Reading some posts below, I get the impression that Pberry people are snobs.  "It's either Pinkberry or it isn't."  I'm not a snob with these products.  Pinkberry can run sharp and tart, where these franchises run smoother and creamier.  Both are good at what they do and there's no reason to snub Blizz for tasting less yogurty and more soft servy.  For some people that's an obvious advantage and therefore selling point.For those below who are concerned about the price, where are you again?  Two words:  Las Vegas.  Find one of these franchises anywhere else and -- you guessed it -- the prices are cheaper.One other thing:  you can get free samples of any flavor, and so there's zero reason for being unhappy with your flavor.There used to be the world's oldest ice cream store where Blizz is now.  The store looked like a museum piece.  So don't complain:  BE HAPPY.:-)
3	Typical frozen yogurt place that everyone is opening nowadays where you can pick your own yogurt, how much you want, add whatever crazy toppings you want, and then pay by the ounce.  Most people go for the novelty, which is why I went, not because they want actual good frozen yogurt.Not nearly as many yogurt flavor choices as I would have thought.  There was a good selection of toppings though.  Maybe I just missed it but I couldn't find whipped cream anywhere.  Cost roughly $6 for a small amount of frozen yogurt and toppings.If you don't care about wasting your money (which most people in Vegas don't), then go here for fun, just don't expect much.
4	Try this place if you get the chance! An open any topping frozen yogurt bar where they charge by cup weight. I put together a nutty concoction of cheesecake and peanut butter yogurt. Toppings included snickers, pb cups, cheesecake chunks, nuts, fudge.So wrong, it's right
4	Considering how many times I ate here in a 4 day span, you would think I would give it 5 stars. But the yogurt is expensive! I mean seriously, even for Vegas, expensive.  But it is sooooo good! My body was unhappy with me after eating all the dairy, but I still couldn't resist. (Was that TMI???)The crepes are amazing, the smoothies are filling and fantastic, and the yogurt will blow your mind with the various toppings.  I am "Vanilla" but once I add my many toppings, I am unique and daring!!!Perfect spot to recoup on a hot day in Vegas.  And really, when is it not hot in Vegas?
4	This place allows you to sample before you purchase, so that was very nice as I was trying to decide between peanut butter or coconut. Both were delicious, but I was craving peanut butter. The toppings were standard for most froyo places, but I was a little disappointed that they didn't have chocolate covered pretzels or yogurt pieces. I saw a lychee flavor which I thought was really cool. Perhaps I shall get that next time. The other flavors I could remember were blueberry (no sugar added), red velvet,  and vanilla. There were at least a few more.The seating and decor is cute.
2	Beware the cost! The yogurt & toppings are good...but. Our family (3 people) decided to have a nice treat...   .59 cents per ounce sounded reasonable. We each selected the smallest bowl and put in our yogurt and toppings. 3 yogurts & 3 waters = $40.00 total. It was good...but it wasn't $40 good!
3	Great yogurt, a little pricey but still good. Nice choices of toppings and yogurts. My wife and I liked it a lot. They also had tapioca balls too = )
4	We were visiting Vegas on a return from Yosemite. On the way out, we had stopped by another self-serve yogurt place. However, while waiting for the Mirage volcano, we decided to check this one out. It was MUCH better than the other brand.It is still pricey. However, the selection of toppings was larger and more unique. The yogurt, overall, had a better flavor.The only real negative was that the signs that labeled the different yogurt flavors had no additional information. So, you could not determine just by looking if any of the flavors were non-fat, etc. This was the first time I had not seen this at a self-serve yogurt shop.
3	It's ok if you're stuck in the Mirage. There's a decent selection of flavors and toppings, but I like the ones at Yogurtland better. Biggest drawback: the price. It's .80/oz, where Yogurtland on Eastern (my usual) is .39, I think. So yeah, for a small Diet Coke and a pretty small cup of yogurt, I paid over $10. But yeah, if you're stuck in the Mirage, it's a decent option.
3	3.5 starsThere is nothing special that separates them from other yogurt chains/stores, however the Pistachio yogurt I had with Mochi was very good.  If I pass by them again, I'll gladly have a snack here.
4	Blizz located within the MGM shopping mall offers yogurt and shakes. I went with the Acai Berry Shake for 7.95 and thought it was really good. Wife went with the yogurt which is the same as Red Mango and the like.
1	Overpriced and it tastes like frozen powder. The only reason they're in business is because they're the only frozen yogurt place in the Mirage Hotel. Save your money for a Gelato at the Venetian or the Bellagio.
3	Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #19 - #365What's there to say about Blizz Frozen Yougurt?Before Blizz was the original, "Coco-nuts" than that failed and so here comes Blizz. Around the yogurt place is full of posters of celebrities, posing with their frozen yogurt. LAME!Like other reviewers have mentioned, it's just like any other yogurt place in Vegas or any other city. I'd rather go for the gelato in Bellagio or dine in Jean Philippe and pay extra for some delicious desserts.
4	Fantastic froyo and smoothies.  It's hidden in the Mirage by the pool entrance.  Be sure to check it out!
2	Disappointing.  The savory crepes I was looking forward to was dry and chewy.  My wife's was same dry crepe and way too sweet.  At least the frappe wasn't bad.
3	I stopped at Blizz last night before the Kathy Griffin show at the Mirage.  It's very handy and the frozen yogurt is quite good.  I did a mixture of peanut butter and coconut and put some toppings on.  The problem with this outlet is you're paying Strip prices ($.69) an ounce.  Blizz is more expensive than other yogurt shops, but this is over the top.  In spite of the cost, the yogurt was very good,  The people running the register were quite efficient and friendly.The location was very clean and bright.  I was surprised by the lack of flavors.  Most yogurt places have two or four more flavors.  This seemed to be lacking.  The same goes for the toppings although they did have some I hadn't seen at other places.Having had a late lunch, this was a perfect dinner.
4	Located in the Mirage, this is a good place to satisfy that sweet tooth!  Coming to a show at the Terry Fator Theatre, you will be sure to see it.  They have a good variety of yogurt flavors.  It is self serve and weigh so be careful on how much you put in your cup!  It's always deceiving to me but it's ok.   It's a cup of goodness! They have great topping to choose from.  There is, of course, the sugar section with toppings such as cookies, whoppers, brownies or sprinkles.  They also have fresh fruit available so you don't feel as guilty.  If you don't want the cup of yogurt, they also offer pre made desserts as well as smoothies, waffles, crepes and shakes.  They ladies working here were very courteous and friendly.   I was happy with our late dessert treat!
2	There's not much to say about Blizz, except that they offer what they say they offer (froyo and smoothies), albeit it at a bit of a higher price than I'm used to. I ended up going with the acai berry smoothie, which was pretty much what I expected, albeit a bit steep at an $8 starting price (and nearly an additional $1 for any boosters). It was okay, if a little bit on the bland side, and the protein powder seemed pretty weak relative to other smoothies I've had that usually have that boost.The service was fine and quick, but if you are looking for something new or unique, Blizz is just your generic (albeit overpriced) smoothie and yogurt joint. There has to be a Pinkberry (or something similar) somewhere else on the Strip that would be better.
3	Every vacation deserves a little ice cream, or in this case...FroYo...for lunch!Yes, I had this for lunch.  I was on vacation...don't judge.This is your typical frozen yogurt place where you fill your cup with the flavors you want, add the toppings, weigh it and check out.  Compared to places like Forever Yogurt where I'm a regular at back home, this place is a bit on the high side... I was careful to not over do it here for price, and size as I didn't want to ruin dinner or anything and it was $8.00 and some change.  Forever Yogurt is in the $5-6 range for more.The are a variety of flavors and toppings, though not as much as Forever Yogurt but I'm not basing this entire review to compare the two , it's just what I'm used to back home.The location is good, especially if you're staying at the Mirage, you walk past this place heading back to the elevators to take you to your room. The cashier upon checking out was super friendly and funny too...
5	Blizz Frozen Yogurt is the only saving grace of the once popular Bally's Casino and Hotel. That's pretty embarrassing considering that Bally's is a multi-million dollar facility with gambling, bars, restaurants, a food court, sports book and hotel rooms.Of course, Bally's is like the West Virginia of Las Vegas hotels, so when you find something food about it (like Blizz) you are thoroughly impressed.Here's the deal with Blizz - they are open all day and late night for smoothies, Belgian waffles and frozen yogurt and the Fro Yo is self serve. So if you have sweet tooth, just hit up Blizz and grab some fat free yogurt. Then be sure to top it with like eight pounds of cookies, chocolate, sprinkles and other refined sugar, therefore negating the effect of the smoothie you had earlier.You will enjoy this experience so much, you will return three times in one week like I did. Made for one heck of an interesting expense report.Best bet: top the frozen yogurt with marshmallow drizzle. It may be made of flavored plastic but it tastes delicious so I don't care.
3	I'ts A-ok. Flavors are good yet no wow effect, at least on the three samples I tried. Clean place, the girl very nice and helpful. The original tart was good, just a tad soft or melty. Price per ounce is high but understandable as they must pay lots for rent for space inside the casino. Good for an afternoon stop.
