5	tucked away in the illustrious ahwatukee foothills lies an exquisite new addition to the phoenix restaurant scene. it's exactly what was lacking in this neck of the woods. or neck of the desert, if you will. it's a place to come for cocktails after work, a place to enjoy a delicious italian dinner and a place where you can dance the night away to live music. the kind of place you go and spend about 3-4 hours at a time, just savoring your night. they just opened a few weeks ago, so we had no idea what to expect..... but when we walked in, for the first time since i left san francisco, i felt like i was home again. it has a sexy, loungey, elegant but urban feel. the kind of restaurant you would find in a sophisticated world class city, not the remote desert foothills of arizona.there's a small, intimate patio area set up outside (think couches and candles) but with the temperature in the 100's we opted to sit inside close to the sprawling bar area. the live music hadn't started yet, but we wanted to be near it when it did.for starters, we shared the au gratin potato dish with pre-dinner cocktails. it was so cheesy and good. for dinner, my dining companion ordered the lobster ravioli and i actually ordered something not on the menu at all. i described what i was craving (a linguine in a light cream sauce topped with chunks of grilled salmon) and they made it exactly how i described. i took half of it home, but then kept thinking about how good it was and ended up finishing it later that night anyway. haha during dinner, the proprietor of the restaurant stopped by our table to say hello and we ended up chatting for awhile. she's just lovely. apparently her and her husband opened the restaurant and named it after their 4 daughters. hence, the name "le ragazze" which means "the daughters" in italian. she also told us she was from NY, which explained so much about why i liked the overall vibe there. service was top notch, just enough attention without feeling like she was hovering.after dinner, we stuck around for a few hours with our cocktails to hear the live music which had started. at one point a few giggly girls (who seemed to have consumed a LOT of wine with dinner) got up and started dancing around. it's a happy, festive kind of place though, so people just looked on amused. we didn't stay too late into the night, but i can see things getting really fun in there towards the wee hours.i may not have lived in arizona for long, but i have been exploring the restaurant scene here quite consistently.... and this was the first time i got excited about a place. i couldn't wait to go back. in fact, we're going again tonight.ok so, it might be a little out of your way (ahwatukee isn't exactly centrally located) but i assure you it's worth the drive. i promise.
4	Le Ragazze is a real restaurant. I don't say that lightly, as most establishments selling food are not real restaurants, but dreams, mirages, hallucinations, or nightmares of restaurants. La Ragazze is on its way to making a real mark in Ahwatukee, not as a mere place to stuff yourself with mediocre fare while you watch sports on large deadly screens (a nearly ubiquitous situation in this part of town) but as a place where people gather to enjoy excellence in a charming room with other (hopefully charming, but that's partly your responsibility) people. Along the way, I suspect, Le Ragazze will become a place where people come to see their friends--the ones at the tables eating, and also the ones cooking and serving the food. The owners appear to be aiming at making this THE neighborhood restaurant in south Phoenix--such a good one that folks will also come from far away to enjoy both the menu and the ambience. As far as I know there is no other restaurant in this part of town that is even close to making any of that happen; Le Ragazze has made a lot of headway in a relatively short time. It's not quite perfect yet: there are the kinds of blips and bobbles both from the kitchen and from the service staff that one expects in a new establishment. These, in my experience, are minor. The food is authentic, flavorful, and fresh: the kitchen is dedicated to buying local products of real excellence, and serving them in style. But not so much style that anything detracts from the fact that you're getting a very very good meal.
5	Some of the best food and service i have ever had!!! The food was fresh and flavorful. The wine selection was all italian but with the amazing service we picked out a great bottle to go with the great food.
4	If you are looking for traditional Italian cuisine, this is not the place for you.  I was surprised to see the menu upon our first visit.  I would consider this more of a Italian fusion restaurant.We have been to this restaurant three times, so I feek like we have a pretty good handle on what they have to offer.  This place is fairly new and they have some minor kinks to work out. We have had some great service, but we have also had service that wasn't up to par.  Once again, probably because of the newness.  On a positive note, everyone was very pleasant and most of the staff seemed appreciative that we were there.The mussles are a must have!  Very fresh and the broth is almost drinkable!  The bread that they serve is absolutely amazing!!!  Don't be afraid to ask for more!  The homemade pasta is wonerful too!The wine list is very fairly priced, but it only has Italian wines.  I just wish that there was some more variety.It's nice to have an upscale restaurant in the Ahwatukee foothills.  Great place to relax with a glass of wine and a bite to eat.  We will definitely be back!
4	FINALLY!Good Italian back...wayyyyy back....in the Tukee Foothills.I have to give them credit...they have some balls. I mean every other place that opened business in that same corner location in the Safeway plaza died a rather quick and painful death.My lady and I ordered some takeout and I had the lavosh and she had an amazing pasta dish. They make their pasta from scratch and use organic foods too.The best part was picking up the food and noticing the local beer selection...on tap! Hint for new restaurants--get the local brew on tap...you get major props and repeat customers. Word to your mother.Next time we are going to eat there!
5	I heard it was good.  And it is. Thank. God.  Tukee deserves a neighborhood restaurant that knows what it's doing.  And it doesn't hurt to have a place to go for a cocktail that's within walking distance.I went with my girls dining group and everyone really enjoyed it.  The decor is comfortable and slightly upscale.  The huge patio doors were open to create an indoor-outdoor patio feel and the weather was perfect.  We had a drink at the bar first and the bartender, Eric, was hell bent on making sure we picked a wine we liked.  We felt genuinely welcome by everyone. Between the 5 of us little piggies we had the lavash pizza, calamari, halibut, chopped salad, pappardelle w/ragu, hamburger w/fries and a poached pear dessert.  The pizza was huge and crispy and perfect - large enough to share between 2 or 3 for a meal and it's a great value at only $9.  The calamari was hand cut, hand dipped, thick and crunchy.  The alaskan halibut was flaky, served hot with homemade mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus. The pappardelle noodles were a bit wider than I'm used to, but they were obviously made from scratch because they were stretchy and yummy chewy.  The ragu was really good - I would usually spice mine up at home with some red pepper flakes so it seemed a little bit bland, but it was completely authentic.  And the portion was very generous.  They also brought out a block of thick parmesan to shave over the top.  Right then I was convinced that they knew what they were doing.  I didn't taste the burger or the chopped salad but they looked great.  The burger was huge and the thick-cut fries were hand cut and crispy.  At the end of the meal we split a poached pear with housemade vanilla bean ice cream and limoncello drizzle.  Crazy good.  The best part of the night was when the owner came out and told us about how he got started, what's going on with the sign out front - more like the lack of sign out front (you'll have to ask him), and where he gets his organic produce, meats and fresh ideas.   Can't wait to go back to try the mussels, angel hair w/mushrooms, pork tenderloin, diver scallops, more wine and  live music.
5	I cannot wait to go back to Le Ragazze.  We stopped by on a Saturday night to check the place out with a Groupon and had one of the best meals that I have had in Phoenix.Meatballs appetizer was delicious and priced right at $4 (they are $9 at PastaBar downtown).  The artichoke dip was fantastic and we loved the potato pancetta gratin.  But the main courses were the stars.  My wife had the tortellini a al spinach.  This is a huge portion of delicious tortellini in a light cream sauce. So much larger than the portions at other places serving home made pasta.  My friend had the Linguini a la Mar, another enormous portion of pasta spiked with very fresh seafood.  His wife had the hangar steak which she loved, and I had the Chilean sea bass special.  This was far and away the best sea bass that I have ever eaten (and i order it a lot).  It was so fresh, a massive piece of fish, and so perfectly prepared.  Moist and delicate with a delicious, light breadcrumb crust on the top.  I just had sea bass at Mastro's Ocean Club this past Thursday, and this was far better.  Actually, they don't even compare.So I cannot wait to go back and try the other dishes.  There is no question that my wife and I will be very regulars here.  With every pasta just $14, and great service and great happy hour specials (the server said they have regular and reverse happy hour), there is no reason for me not to be here all the time.
5	Just had a taste of the Ribeye Bistecca. (thanks Jan & Dave) awesome great flavour.
5	Third time back to Le Regazze, and we like it better each time that we go.  this time we tried one of the lavoshe pizzas as an appetizer.  The pizza is 16" large, crispy thin crust, and delicious.  You can have whatever you want, but we had the spicy chicken with carmelized onions and havarti cheese.  $9 - amazing.  We took half of it home.  Moving through their fresh pasta entrees, I had the tagliatelle with meat sauce and my wife had the angel hair a la funghi.  The tagliatelle was really delicious.  Long, wide ribbons of pasta were cooked perfectly and bathed in a hearty beef ragu.  Perfect cold evening hearty dish.  The angel hair was even better.  Tender pasta with shitake mushrooms and a little truffle oil made for a very simple, yet explosively tasty dish.This place is really great, and I am so happy that it is here in the foothills.  I want to keep it all to ourselves, but I could see people driving in from all over the city to eat here.
4	Great addition to the neighborhood!
5	Love, Love, Love this place...from the ambiance to the food. Wonderful staff...and FINALLY someone bringing some food-love to the foothills (and not another lame sports bar). Been there at least 1/2 dozen times and never dissapointed. Great wine and mixed drinks, great happy hour and love the appetizers...local ingredients, organic and delicious.
4	So, so, so happy that we finally have a decent restaurant in the foothills! Native is good for what it's worth, loco is kind of "eh", so this really is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood! Love that they have the local beers on tap (hello yummy orange blossom!) and also that they embrace the farm to table concept. It's really inspired our own cooking at home and shopping the local farmers markets. Adore the artichoke dip, burger is delish as is the pork tenderloin. Have yet to have a bad meal here! Looking forward to this sticking around and maybe moving into Sunday brunch (LOVE brunch!) good luck guys, we are pulling for you!!!
5	Great homemade pastas and great wine list.... Good service
1	The staff was really great. The food, however, was not worth the money. The reviews about the happy hour are right on, this would be a great place to visit for cocktails. The Chilean sea bass was $38, overpriced. The homemade pastas were gummy and the sauces lacked flavor. The Ragu pasta is just that, Ragu you can buy at the grocery store. The cream sauce for the tortellini was the consistency of skim milk. In this economy, dining out with a family of four is a big deal. Tonights dinner was disappointing.
3	When Le Ragazze first opened they had MJ bread and also MJ flour-less torte. I have been there six times and last time it wasn't as good. We were told Scott sold the business and some of the staff are a bit distracted. The music, while wonderful was too loud. The menu has been good, but now the anti pasto plate looks like they are cutting corners- Though they are buying local when possible they are going to lose business if they don't get better servers and get the food up to speed. The skirt steak with brussel sprouts is first rate and I hate brussel sprouts but these are good. The pasta Del mar is brimming with seafood.
5	Great neighborhood joint. Friendly, good food. Just what we need in Ahwatukee.  Jury was out for a while after new ownership but they have made the switch without changing much, except for the better.  Lefty has a firm grasp on what tastes good and what people like. Try the happy hour bacon cheeseburger for 5 bucks. Its bigger and juicier than it deserves to be at that price. For another 5 you can add enough handcut fries to feed the table.  Bruschetta's good. Salads good. Caprese is now whole instead of chopped, thank goodness.  We love the pappardelle & ragu. Lefty just reconstructed the pizza from a lavish to soft flatbread. More fattening but truly tasty. And his NY cheesecake rivals the best we've had in the big apple. In the bar Erik and Frank shake up a mean martini (try the Square One cucumber gimlet) and happy hour prices are worth the drive. Good ambiance, eclectic crowd and live music make it a fun night out for anyone.  I just hope it sticks around longer than past eateries in this location.  Keep up the good work guys!
3	First visit this week with a small group of friends.  Nice atmosphere, great staff and diverse menu.  Everyone ordered something different so we had a nice mix of items to sample.  Lots of unique items and even new takes on old classics (Calzone).  Everyone enjoyed their food with one exception.....me.  Don't get me wrong, I liked what everyone else ordered but mine was a bit odd.Ordered the Hanger Steak with balsamic reduction and Blue Cheese.  As soon as it arrived it literally smelled like road kill (no exaggeration).  I immediately wondered if "Hanger Steak" meant it was in the cooler aging for a few months.  Taste was funky, too.  I sent it back.  Literally, the first meal my wife of 7 years has ever seen me send back.  Second pass was slightly less funky....but still funky.  I really don't think anything worriesome was involved (rotting meat).  Blue Cheese was also not the cause as they left it on the side.  Balsamic reduction must take on some odd scent when prepared?Our server was outstanding and actually took my meal off the bill (I did not any way expect or ask for this).  Just NOT an item I enjoyed.  Really that simple.  I write this only as a warning to future guests as it sounds very good but I found it to be....not so much.  Neither did our friends who all sampled it.Overrall, nice spot with solid Italian food.  Staff is great, portions are large and prices reasonable.
2	I've been to Le Ragazze a handful of times and my past experiences have always been great, but my last visit was not so good...Upon arriving we immediately noticed the menu had changed (we heard they have new owners).  Our favorite appetizer was gone and some of the other dishes were gone as well.  We decided to skip the appetizer. I ordered one of the specials - a bone in rib eye with some kind of mushroom sauce.  I ordered my steak medium rare.  My girlfriend ordered another special - Scallops with pasta.They gave us some bread with olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette.  It was ok, but the bread was rather bland in my opinion.Our meals came out promptly and looked delicious.  I cut into my steak and it was well done.  I requested the server have them recook me a steak medium rare and my girlfriend and I shared her meal...Her scallops were cooked perfectly, but we both agreed that the dish was under seasoned...My second steak came out and I cut into it immediately (before they left this time.  The initial cut looked good so I thanked them and proceeded to taste the steak.   All I can say is - bland!  This steak had no flavor whatsoever.... all I could taste was the char.Then I made my second cut  and we discovered that my steak was way undercooked.  I'm talking rarer than rare!  I swear I could still hear the thing mooing!I didn't feel like wasting any more time sending the steak back again (and I'm always a bit scared about sending stuff back) so we decided to take the rest of the steak home for the dogs.   I still can't believe I spent $36 on that steak!   I should asked for a refund, but I didnt...  At least the dogs liked it :)
3	I came by for happy hour, so I can't speak to the entrees.  Not a bad overall vibe to the place.  There's a good decor, nice bar, and the value is there.  For $5 they have various happy hour appetizers and the frequently mentioned burger.  In addition, there's $4 drinks.We tried a few different items and most were pretty good.  I'd recommend the potato croquette and the bruschetta wasn't too bad.  I'd skip the artichoke dip variety though as it was a little too creamy and not hot enough.  There were some other things ordered I wasn't blown away by anything.  In regards to service, the bartender left a little something to be desired.  He kept walking away after we'd order one thing.  For instance, I'm trying to order two appetizers and he beelines away after the first item is mentioned.  Maybe stick around and see if anything else is needed.  Maybe it was a short term memory issue and he needed to go put the order in before he forgot.  In that case, that's sad but he just get a notepad a la "Memento."Everything was good overall and I look forward to coming back to try out some of the heartier kitchen options.
3	CLOSED. There's a lien sign on the door. :(
1	this business has closed and they are still advertising the groupon special...this needs to be removed
