5	Finally.This is the kind of Yelp event that I've been waiting for. As much as I love eating with my fellow Yelpers, working out with them is even more fun.  A bunch of us did a free Dethrone Basecamp workout, which their website describes as: "... a whirlwind of 30 1-minute exercises. It starts with one fast-paced minute on the Airdyne Bike. Then one minute off, doing an intense weight or bodyweight exercise. Then it's back on the Airdyne for another minute. Then another minute off. Repeat this cycle for 30 rounds. Top that off with some abs and core exercises at the end and you've got yourself an exhilarating, calorie calorie burning, body-toning, muscle building Basecamp Workout."And, that's what we did.  I shared a bike with Niyen because we're about the same height.  The group was split up in A, B, C, and D groups, with half of each group on the bikes to start and the other half doing the assigned exercise for one minute on the exercise floor in front of the bikes. So, for example, I started on the bike for one minute while Niyen did the exercise assigned to our Group A, push-ups.  I rode for a minute and he did push-ups for a minute, then we switched, so he rode the bike and I did push-ups. The other groups had different exercises, but we all eventually did the same ones in the rotation. This continued for 30 minutes, with exercises that included box jumps, burpees, jumping lunges, medicine ball squats, TRX flyes and bicep curls, and deadlifts.  We then did 10 minutes of ab/core work on the floor together.  I don't normally do these types of exercises or classes, so I greatly appreciate the opportunities to step outside the box this month with Yelp Fit Club.  A big fat thank you goes out to Drew and Victoria for organizing this excellent event as well as to Dethrone Basecamp for hosting our group; I burned off at least one cronut last night.
5	Yelp Fit Club is on full swing and there couldn't have been a more perfect fit than Dethrone Boot Camp to kick things off!Dethrone Boot Camp specializes in Cardio Circuit Training & Cardio Boxing Classes.  We stopped in for a Cardio Circuit Training Class.  The instructors, Ryan & Heidi, were helpful, friendly trainers that the presented dynamic class in an understandable manner.  The 45 min class consisted of one minute intervals for the 35 mins followed by 10 mins of core intensive workouts to finish things off.  The class was easily adjusted up or down to different levels...hence how Regina could kill it, pushing herself for 45 mins straight, while Earl could just go through the motions pretending to get a workout in (I jest of course since they are both beasts!)  Seriously though, this class can meet you where you're at and push you as much as you put into it.Dethrone is also a solid facility.  They took care to clean the area and equipment between classes, had a variety of refreshments, and made good work of the space they have so that our entire group could workout without feeling cramped.Your first class is free!...so stop in and check them out sometime...I could be the cardio solution you've been looking for!Shout out thanks to staff at Dethrone as well as to Drew & Victoria for making this event possible!...Thanks everyone!
5	I'm a fairly active person and am currently training for the Tough Mudder event in April...That being said you know you have had a kick ass workout when you get home and it hurts to wash your face. Seriously... ;)Dethrone is an awesome facility. You walk in and automatically feel a sense of "I can do this." The faculty and trainers were excellent! Extremely friendly, helpful, encouraging, motivational, and personable. We took the high intensity cardio / circuit training class which is a grueling but also very fun combination of bikes/ floor exercises. The format is 1 minute on the bike, 10 seconds to get to the floor, 1 minute of floor exercises (ranging from planks, inchworms, v ups, box jumps, squats with weights, etc), 10 seconds to get back to your bike, and back on the bike for 1 minute. (For the next 30 minutes)Heidi (the girl that was supposed to be leading the class) had apparently just gotten all four of her wisdom teeth pulled out earlier that day but was so pumped about being a part of our class that she stayed to help facilitate and train. (If that doesn't say amazing leadership I don't know what does!) Since Heidi's mouth was beginning to swell shut Ryan the Studio Manager lead our class - he is definitely a passionate instructor with a ton of knowledge. He encourages you to push yourself but to take ques from your own body, and keeps you motivated (without being over the top - super refreshing!!)  I learned a ridiculous amount in this 45 minute class, and used some sets of muscles that I haven't used in a very very long time...In summery: Fantastic facility, amazing staff, kick ass class! Thank you Yelp for this awesome opportunity! Fit Club March rocks my socks! :)
5	What do you do after eating so much?! YOU EXERCISE! That way you could work off all that great and fabulous food you've been eating right?! Yeah no worries. That's not my typical thought process either. However, I do love to exercise when I eventually get to it.....So not only does Yelp direct you to where the food is, it also directed us to where the workouts were! When I first read the description for this event, it intrigued me. I don't typically work out ... the most I do is jog if I do any exercise. I was a little worried about this class but then there was also a note saying it was beginner friendly. SO WHY NOT?!I went. I saw. I got scared. That's usually how it goes huh. It looked pretty intense and from what some of the yelpers said, it is intense. OK! I will get through this! And I certainly did!The class was a total of 45 minutes I believe? The first 30-35 minutes, we did 1 minute cardio exercises with 10 seconds in between every minute to switch. Then the last 10-15 minutes was ab work outs. The best part was that the cardio exercises you do were all different. They had tons of different exercises and you can do it to your own pace. You could go all out or take your time. Another thing was, if you couldn't do the exercise, you are free to sub it with an exercise you could do. Ex. The exercise was box jumps. Seeing as the box was almost half of my height, I had to switch to step ups using the box instead. I was NOT jumping on that! I mean, I could but my legs were already tired so I didn't want to risk falling flat on my face. I also loved how the instructor would come around and correct our forms/postures. Trust me when I say that 99.999% of these exercises, I have never done in my life. So I'm very grateful to be corrected in the positions I wasn't so sure on. And the CLEANLINESS. Oh I love it. They were CLEAN, clutter free, and SIMPLE. Overall, great place! Your first class is free as well so if you aren't so sure, you can definitely give it a try. They have kickboxing too, which I am highly curious about. Thanks to Dethrone, Drew, and Victoria for this event! I had a blast and it was a very refreshing change to pigging out :P HAHA!
4	Lordy. What did i get myself into? For 2014 I had decided to try and be healthier, and thus have not participated in as many Yelp events as I would like. Not to worry though, Yelp Fit Club to the rescue.Honestly, I haven't done any consistent exercise in about ten years. I am not in good shape. When I signed up for the event at Dethrone. Boot Camp I honestly did not know what the heck it was about.Long story short, you are divided into groups, and several groups are cycling on bikes while the other are given a series of crazy cardio exercises. The instructor, whose pep pines was like on crack, made sure that we were doing the exercises correctly. I was pooped after 10 minutes, but peer pressure pushed me to finish. That and Doriee (don't believe her, she's in great shape).After the class I was tired but went up to the instructor to thank him. I told him that Yelpers are more known to eat, not exercise. Hahaha! Seriously, what can I say dude? It's exercise. I hate it. But the event was fun, and the trainers really know their stuff. So this is definitely an option for normal human beings that like to stay healthy and active.
5	I'm a huge fan of circuit training boot camp style workouts so I was excited to try Dethrone.  It was a pretty full class so we were told to partner up with someone that was similar in height because the way the class is ran is one of us is on the Airdyne bike while the other is doing an exercise on the floor portion.  So one minute on the bike and one minute doing push-ups, burpees, box jumps, dead lifts, etc.  For the floor portion of the workout there is monitors so you won't get confused as to what exercise you should doing based on what group you are in.  Ryan was our main instructor as Leslie had just had dental work done but she was on hand to assist in exercise form and set up.  It was a really fun, fast paced class.  Ryan said besides the class we took that night they also have a boxing circuit type class with a minute on the bike and a minute boxing.  I think this is a great option for people that don't want to go to a big box gym, enjoy group classes and want some guidance.  It's also good for all fitness levels because you can push yourself to your max or modify if needed.  Thanks to Drew, Victoria, Ryan and Leslie.  This was one of my favorite Fit Club events!
5	What an awesome workout!  This was an intense (cry worthy) 45 minutes going back and forth from the bike to a variety of floor/weight exercises in 1 minute intervals.  I liked the upbeat and encouraging instructors.  Thanks for the yelp event!
5	If you want to be stronger, increase your cardio, be more flexible, and have fun doing it, then Dethrone Base Camp is for you!  At Dethrone, you exercise at your own pace, with a certified personal trainer, in a group environment; and you actually look forward to working out!  Yes, the workouts are challenging, but the results are worth it!  By attending 5 sessions every week and watching what I eat,  I've lost 12 lbs. and 3 inches off of my waist, in less than 2 months!  My wife and granddaughter each took a free class and instantly became members. They too, have achieved excellent results!  There is something for every age and fitness level at Dethrone Base Camp.  The training facility could be a little larger, but it is always spotless!  The real difference between Dethrone and any fitness gym in the valley, is the staff!  The Dethrone management team and every instructor / trainer is personally committed, to seeing you succeed!  And the camaraderie among the members at the club just can't be beat.  If your goal is to be healthier, happier and to just enjoy life more; don't take my word for it, take a free class and experience it for yourself.  What have you got to lose, except a few pounds!  Erwin L.
