5	Originally my dr referred me to another office but after waiting over a month for the dr to review my labs and decide if she can 'help' me, I gave up and found another place to go. I wanted to be seen ASAP. Called on a Monday and had an appointment for that Fri. The office is new and very nice. Took only a few minutes to be called and the dr saw me right away. They have lab services on sight and I got my labs back the next am!! Dr Menon was so nice, explained everything and was very willing to figure out what is going on and fix it fast. Great to have a dr who actually gives a damn.
1	I already wrote a review, however, I believe it was on an old page, so I'm reposting my experience, as well as adding to it.I have had 2 appointments with Dr. Dolinar. Neither have been great, but this one warranted a review. I have been a type 1 Diabetic for about 8 years, so I know the in's and out's of the disease. I have never been treated so poorly in my life by a professional. I was told that my major in college doesn't appear to be a good fit with me, and was belittled to the point of tears. He didn't address any of my concerns and reason for seeking medical care either time of visiting him. I came in initially due to a new medication making me very, very ill; and was told I would have to come back in 6 weeks. I came back, and nothing. Didn't address any concerns of mine, or ask if anything has changed since last time. He continued to 'encourage' me to buy a book, that he happened to write, and that was it. The office staff and lab staff were pleasant and helpful. I also had an appointment with the dietitian (and supposedly diabetes educator), hoping I would get some guidance about how to start losing weight. First of all she was behind about 40 minutes. And once I finally got in to see her, she acted like I was newly diagnosed with Diabetes and just went over basic things with me, such as how to read a food label. Anybody past the 5th or 6th grade should be able to understand that. It was a complete waste of time.I referenced my issue as to why I was being seen, several times, to several different people that I interacted with during my appointments. None of which actually addressed that issue. Very disappointed and won't be coming back.
5	I saw Dr. Chet Monder, this was the first visit. I had read negative reviews but I will tell you I had a wonderful experience. The office was nice a little hard to find. Shiny and new! Dr. Monder was very thorough he made excellent recommendations. He did recommend a dietitian but you know what...I need one.He tells it like it is.Your weight can impact your health! This guy is smart and you shouldn't mistake his directness with rudeness. He's a direct kind of guy but he knows his stuff and does not sugar coat anything. He spent time with me , educated me on how the thyroid works provided me with educational materials.I could not have asked for a better appointment.I actually have hope that I will get better!
