4	This new gem opened in South Phoenix in a plaza on the NE corner of 27th Ave and Baseline Ave.   The store sells a sampling of custom-made olive oils and balsamic with flavors from around the world.   Their olive oil selections include such flavors as Butter Olive Oil (nice to spray on popcorn or sauteing veggies or seafood; Basil olive oil for drizzling on tomatoes, soft cheese and pasta, or my favorite Bacon Olive Oil -- which I've already used to make a turkey panini and used in my dressing for a Spinach Salad.  Their Balsamic Vinegars also come in a variety of flavors:  Cherry Balsamic, Chocolate Balsamic, Mango Balsamic.  I purchased the Chocolate Manderin Balsamic which I used recently for a dessert of slices of pound cake, topped with vanilla bean ice cream and topped with a drizzle of the Chocolate Mandarin Balsamic ...so yummy, if I do say so myself :)   The owners have a sampling/taste-testing bar set up and have big plans to add in specialty food and events.  In addition to appealing to foodies and those who are interested in spicing up their meals, I think the Dipping Well oils and vinegars make for excellent housewarming gifts and holiday gifts.  And the owner, Tangee Wilkes, is happy to pull together a gift basket for really special occasions.Stop in and check them out -- it's a lovely shop to visit after a hike at South Mountain or a walk through Chinese Gardens down the street (near corner of Baseline and 7th Ave).
4	I was so glad to stumble upon this little shop on our bike ride.  I grew up in a part of Nebraska that is very food/artisanal product heavy.  Finding a local shop, carrying locally prepared oils and vinegars, reminds me so much of home.  Plus, the products taste wonderful.  I fully look forward to visiting them again and picking up a few bottles of balsamic vinegar (which I'm snobbishly picky about).  If you find yourself in the are, stop in and try the white balsamics, you won't regret it!
4	Great little shop! The owner was so helpful and encouraged tasting - we went through so many little cups. I am glad to have a business like this in Laveen!
5	Great customer service.   These people were patient and fun.  Highly recomend as they sell great stuff at a reasonable price to match.
5	Amazing flavors, I have made homemade pizza with the Cilantro Garlic and herb olive oil and I used the White Peach vinaigrette with mustard to make a dipping sauce for my delicious homemade bagel bites. Simple delicious, simply new, simply fresh, the Dipping Well will serve all of your needs.
5	I am a health food journalist with the Phoenix Healthy Food Examiner and I managed to have the opportunity to interview the owners of this fine specialty store.I enjoyed sampling all the great oils and balsamics. So rich, delicious, refreshing with lots of flavors to chose from. Link to the article interview is below. Thank you Dipping Well, you made my meals fun and enjoyable.link to Phoenix Examiner: http://www.examiner.com/review/get-fit-with-flavor-at-the-dipping-well
