3	We were pleasantly surprised by Little Dumpling.  Sure, it's the fast food variation of Chinese/Thai, but it wasn't bad at all.  Sure, I've had better, but for a quick and cheap Chinese/Thai fix, Little Dumpling is a definite contender.
2	Ok I've said this before. Seriously. WTF is strawberry chicken? The cook was probably sitting there. Oh Americans they like the orange chicken. Why they eat so much? Oh Mr Fried Chicken I walk with you in my hand while I think of better sauce.....oh no I trip on my shoeraces and chicken fall into my strawberry pie....wha...waaa...wait. GREAT IDEA! I wanna be in the chef's meeting for that. I mean really....were they having Marie Calendar's Strawberry Pie when that happened? I dunno who orders it. But whatever floats your boat. Ok the crab rangoons...Why are they double wrapped with so much wanton wrapper like they're gonna get an std? I mean seriously CRUNCH CRUNCH plus a liddo bit of crab.....Ok for really for what it is....this place is ok. It's fast chinese american food. The food isn't handled with love. It's like a short order cook dream. Lunch specials for the corporate guy/girl on the go. It's inexpensive. For what it is...eh. Give me panda... BTW Uhm yea it was a 3. But minus 1 for STRAWBERRY CHICKEN? WTF?
2	The only good food I find here is their egg drop soup with corn.  This is really yummy.  The corn gives it a sweet add to it.  The spring roll was decent and taste like any other.  I had the Mongolian Beef and I did not like it at all.  The rice was gross, and the meat had a weird after taste to it.  I'll only come here for the soup and vegetable spring roll.
5	I've eaten from here three times now and can not complain , really good fried rice , and they use white meat chicken , way better then new York Chinese or any place in the neighborhood .
5	First of all, I LOVE this restaurant.  It's tiny, casual... but best of all, the food and service are always amazing.  Every time I eat there, the same lady and cook are there (I'm assuming she is the owner, but I'm not sure.)  She is always friendly and serves us like it is a sit down restaurant!  My favorite is the orange chicken and pork fried rice.  The orange chicken is the best I've ever had.  The sauce has a hint of orange zest in it that is very distinct.  Soooo good and nothing like fast food Chinese take out. You also get a lot of food for little money.  Lunch is usually $5 and includes the entree, fried rice, soup and an egg roll.  Yum!  They also deliver for a $1 charge if you are nearby.
1	Horrible horrible customer service! The women didn't know I spoke chinese and she was saying the rudest thing such as that I'm so cheap that I only ordered one drink for me and my boyfriend. Never ever comming here again!
3	I always get the same order every time I order2 orders of Plain Chow Mein 1 order of Pork steamed dumplingsthe lady is always nice AFTER she realizes its me, before that she is kind of rude and always rushed sounding. I always order in the mornings, they arent that busy thenthe food is always good, and always ready when they say it will be. & its close to my house so that is definitely a plus.I wish the dinner menu was a little cheaper
4	So far this is probably the best chinese take-out place I've found in the area. You get TONS of food & rice for the money (hint: If getting food for yourself only, get a small). I've had their General Tso's, Teriyaki, and Lemon Chicken dishes so far and have enjoyed all of them. Prices are great as well.The gal at the front desk is funny. Seems like she's always in a rush, but is perfectly nice. I like people who have a sense of urgency, so I really don't mind at all. It's nice that she always overestimates the amount of time it'll take to finish your meal so you're never disappointed.Not quite five star flavor, but you wouldn't expect that from this type of establishment either. Still I think you get more than what you pay for.
3	It's hard to tell if these types of Thai/Chinese places are going to be good. Can they really specialize in both and excel at both? Not usually. I've eaten at a few Little Dumplings around town and this is probably the best. I would say their specialty is more the Chinese side of things, it's good. It's fresh. On the Thai side, eh, not so much. I judge a Thai place by it's most popular dish - Pad Thai. It's the like a hamburger is to an American roadside grill. If you have that down, then you're golden. The Pad Thai here is so-so. Mas y menos. Noodles are a little limp, sauce kind of overwhelms. It's a good value though...at $7.95 it's two meals easy.Nice staff though and the place can get busy so that tells me it's an OK kinda place
3	slightly overpriced but the food is great.
4	My son and I know Chinese food.....being 4 months in....we finally found our Chinese food place.... Great food!!!
2	After being disappointed by this place a few years ago, thought I would give them another chance. Should have stuck with my first impression. I ordered the Thai Beef Salad for take out and according to the online menu this is supposed to be spicy. When I picked it up, I asked if it was spicy, since they had not asked how spicy I would like it. I was told yes it is spicy. When I got it home, if you haven't guessed it was not spicy, not much flavor at all. The beef in the salad looked like it was prepared for beef and broccoli, not the strips of steak I'm used to, like you would get at a real Thai restaurant. Very disappointed and will not give it another chance..
4	Great pad thai food. Pricing is very good and most lunch specials are 5.00-6.00
4	This is yet by far the best fast Chinese food place I've been to in Las Vegas. Their chow mein is so good! And you get a lot for the price.
4	Yummy tofu pad thai! A lot better than most other delivery thai options!
1	I order the orange chicken and it was very nasty I never going back to little dumpling. I called to tell them and she said "i'm not dealing with this" and hung up!!!! What terrible customer service.
2	It was ok. The pineapple chicken fried rice was so gross.. The food wasn't hot and not the most flavorful. I wouldn't suggest this place.
5	This place is awesome. Service was great, food was great, & the price is great!Went in for the lunch special and got the Chicken chow mein. It came with a soup, egg roll, and your choice of white or fried rice. I got a drink and upgraded my soup to the Wonton soup and ended up spending about $7.50! I left happy and full & still have left overs.Went to the place Kobe next store yesterday and had the opposite experience. Spent $22 sad, hungry, and terrible service!
4	Pretty good food for the price. They're service can be a bit off putting at times but it can be glossed over since it's literally a corner in the wall kind of place.
2	I ordered the shrimp pad thai to go. It's a lot for one person. I liked it though but they didn't add a lot of shrimp. Just like maybe four???... And the shrimp wasn't that good. My husband also ordered the teriyaki chicken. He was very disappointed. Not that much chicken. Everything was filled with vegetables on the bottom. And a couple pieces of chicken on top.
1	Service was good. Food was ok. I would order from some other place. Ordered orange chicken and General Tsao' s chicken - they looked the same. Orange chicken was bland and covered in a very thick sayce. The General's was dry and not spicy at all. The cream cheese ragoon were not edible.  The sweet and sour sauce is from a jar or a can. On the positive side, the wo ton were crispy and fresh.
5	Just had this tonight and everything was delicious. We ordered orange chicken, General Tso chicken, chow mein, fried rice, pot stickers, wontons, and fried sugar donuts. Everything was perfect. Ordering online was easy and they have great online coupons to add free items. Really good prices too. Highly recommend.
5	For a typical Chinese food place,Little Dumpling is great. I live 10 mins away for the last 2 years, and they have remained one of our favorite chinese delivery restaurants in Vegas. Sure, it's greasy Americanized Chinese food, but it's damn good! The owner is also extremely nice, and it takes no longer than 30 minutes on average for them to deliver your food.
1	I've been going to little dumplings for approximately 3 years .The food used to be excellent ,but within the last year I I've noticed a change twice in the quality of food meaning freshness as well as this service.I no longer advice support of this restaurant 40 dollars down the drain with attitude to boot !!!
4	Lunch no longer give soup. So small portion for the price. Like a kids meal. Service was not as good as before.  Flavor was ok. 16yrs in this area,  got to go further out now.
1	I ordered the beef teriyaki bowl and the meat was so chewy I could even bite threw the meat I tried to swallow it and almost choked so I had to eat my teriyaki bowl with out the meat total waste of money. I will say the egg roles were the best thing I ordered from them. The customer service was pretty sad I asked if they had a few things the lady rushed me. Plus they sent the wrong soup I wouldn't recommend
1	Ordered Cashew Chickew and the chicken was horrible.  Tasted old, chewy, and dry.  Lots of similar reviews and I have to agree.
1	If there is a no star rating, I WOULD GIVE A NO STAR!Take it from me, I'm Chinese and I know what Chinese food should taste like.I ordered tomato beef(a dish off the menu list) and it tasted nothing like it. The cook put in few slices of tomatoes and used canned sweet & sour sauce and the meat was too chewy(under cooked). The chow mein was too greasy, they used too much cooking oil in the dish. I eggrolls were nasty, not fresh, mushy, tasted like it's been thaw from freezer and put into the fryer. The customer service is terrible, no smile, no greeting, put me in a hurry up pace. The food was terrible and I would not recommend this place to anybody.
