5	I have two dogs.  One dog is 9 years old and has been to the vet for his usual shots and a couple of minor things over the last 9 years.  My other  dog is 3 years old and since we got him from the pound 2 years ago he has been to the vet on average once every 4 months.  You can liken my dogs to a Toyota that only needs the oil changed and a Ford that breaks down constantly.  Del Lago has been there for all of my routine vet needs and the various other minor emergencies my youngest dog has endured.  The problem child had to have surgery to remove a lump and the doctors at Del Lago let us bring him in as often as we wanted to have the wound cleaned and wrapped, with no charge.  It is those little things that make it obvious they really care about our pets.They can handle all of your regular vet needs with care and compassion.  They also understand if you bring in your dog and say, well, he may just have a stomach ache or he may have swallowed my flash drive.  They treat each case with seriousness and give our dogs the best care we have found.
5	Del Lago Veterinary Hospital provides excellent care for their patients, plus the doctors and staff go above and beyond for their loyal clients.  My family have been going to them for a long time.  So when we found a litter of wild baby roof rats, we brought them to Del Lago, and they humanely euthanized them for us.
5	i have a pit/pointer/something mix, and she's a big girl.  most people are automatically intimidated and i think that's complete crap because she's the sweetest thing in the world.  the folks at Del Lago see this and they couldn't have been nicer.  the vet even pointed out things my last vet didn't even point out.  couldn't be happier with Del Lago.
5	I take my dogs to Del Lago.  They are always so nice and loving towards animals.  I used to live near by and since have moved.  I still take my dogs to Del lago, as I get such great service.  My dogs always get a treat and seem to be very comfortable when getting treated by the vets.
5	Dr. Barnes was thorough, kind, and took his time with us. He was knowledgable and our Golden Retriever (the best judge of character) loved him! I was very impressed with the entire staff at Del Lago. I have been looking for a permanent vet for 2 years now and today I found exactly what I've been looking for! Thank you Del Lago!
5	When I moved and had to switch from my beloved Ahwatukee Foothills Vet I was very upset.  I never dreamed I could possibly find a vet I loved as much....until I met Dr. Barnes.  Now I can't imagine taking my boyz anywhere else.  He is thorough, patient and makes me and my dogs feel like they are the most important patients he has to see...which of course, we are, but hopefully he can make you feel that way as well!  My dogs have "vet issues" where they start to shake and act shy and as if they have been tortured (seriously, they do NOT act that way at home!) but, at Del Lago Vet this is gradually lessening with each visit.  Dr Barnes and his Staff always go the extra mile to greet both my boyz (and me) and spend lots of times oohing and awwing over them to make them feel welcome and comfortable.I have had my boyz in there for routine check-ups, shots as well as one minor surgical procedure.  Heaven forbid either of them need major surgery or encounter serious illness as they age but, I would trust Dr Barnes completely. He explains everything and gets really excited drawing pictures to make sure you understand :-) and makes sure that I am completely comfortable before I leave his office.  All of his staff (hi Ruth!!) are also friendly and wonderful.  I HIGHLY recommend going there for your 4 legged baby's needs.
5	I could never say enough of this wonderful caring veterinary clinic/hospital.  Dr. Emily Marcus and the whole team is Fabulous! I have a Pomeranian with diabetes and other issues. You are all professional and beautiful kind caring people.  My Trixie has a much longer life ahead because of all of YOU.   I thank you and so does Miss Trix...
