5	Love this place.  Dr. Yin is amazing she always remembers my son.  Sometimes we have to wait a while and the front office could be a little more engaged with the parents but they are usually busy.  Anytime my son has been sick Dr Yin calls to follow up and check up on him.  Would recommend them for sure.
5	I agree with the prior reviewer.  We, too, see Dr. Yin and she is fantastic, personable and GREAT with scared little kids!
5	Our kids have always seen Dr Cheri Nason at Desert Shores. She is such a wonderful pediatrician...knows our kids each and every time, remembers the smallest details about our three kids and treats us like good friends. She is also honest with us and gives incredible advice in dealing with our 4 year old son and some of the issues he has. The nurses are very professional but also cute with the kids. The front desk is very attentive, scheduling is always perfect, and the wait is never more than 5-10 minutes after your scheduled time. I can't say enough about this place. We drive 20 minutes from Gilbert just to see Dr Nason specifically, while passing dozens and dozens of pediatricians along the way.
4	I have been going there since March 2007 and have been very happy with their service. Dr. Nason is wonderful, but she moved to the Chandler office, so I have been seeing Dr. Allred and I love her! She is always running on time. Dr. Yin is nice too. The office is cute and clean. There is a TV with Disney movies playing. Front office has always been nice to me, but they are very busy answering phones. The M.A.'s are mostly nice and friendly, especially Dr. Allred's M.A.  I like Kathy Waldo, NP I was unhappy with the P.A. Marion Memmett. We have had five separate occasions where he misdiagnosed both our kids. He was dismissive and didn't listen to parental input. He has cost our family a lot of time and money. I feel bad, because I am sure he has had many other happy patients, he just did not jive with our family. So bottom line: I personally would choose  Dr. Allred or any other provider.
5	We have taken our son to Dr. Lipp in the Chandler office for the past 2.5 years (since birth).  They are wonderful!  I have always been able to get a same day sick appointment.  We have never had any long delays.  The nurses are very kind.  And Dr. Lipp is amazing.  She is fun and nice, and our son likes her.  She spends the time to understand what is wrong, gives us options and recommendations, and helps us to understand our little guy's health and development.  Plus, Dr. Lipp has time to answer our questions and makes us feel welcome to call at any time.
3	We have two daughters & have been going to Desert Shores for 4 years.  Most of the doctors there are amazing, but a few are bad and I would not recommend them.  Dr. Lipp is incredible, we LOVE her.  So great with the kids and extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and takes time with you.  Kathy is really good as well.  The nurses and front desk staff are always very nice.  Would NOT recommend Dr. Ciminello or Staci.  Both are very abrupt and harsh, not very sincere or caring.  I just don't leave the office with a good feeling after seeing either of them.  I would recommend this office, as long as you know which doctor to schedule with.
5	When I was pregnant with my first daughter my husband and I interviewed several pediatric offices in the valley. Many of them were disappointing or just plain cruddy. We felt so blessed to find Desert Shores Pediatrics.We go to the Chandler office and my daughters both see Dr. Lipp. She is kind and understanding of parents who take a more natural route to their child's healthcare. Another Yelper said that she won't prescribe antibiotics for you baby which is not true at all! She has prescribed antibiotics for my daughter on several occasions when something didn't resolve on its own or was getting worse instead of better. A good doctor doesn't just write prescriptions for antibiotics without making absolutely sure that is what your child needs. In the long run, overusing antibiotics hurts your child's ability to fight off things naturally so it's good that Dr. Lipp doesn't just hand them out for every cough or cold.We do get all of our children's shots but we are on a different schedule than the recommended one and while some other offices in the valley refused to work with us on this, Desert Shores was completely understanding and although they do warn us of all the issues with not following the recommended schedule they allow us to go by our schedule. The front desk staff is always kind and knows our kiddos by name. We have come to feel at home in the Chandler office. I wouldn't take my kids anywhere else. I can always get them in for a sick appointment, even half and hour before they close, and almost all of the practitioners there are wonderful. Especially Dr. Lipp and Kathy.If you are looking for a good pediatrician, look no further than Desert Shores Pediatrics in Chandler!
4	I have enjoyed taking my children to Desert Shores.  I really enjoyed Dr. Lipp.  Does anyone know where she went to as she is no longer with Desert Shores?Cheers,Jace
4	I absolutely loved DS Ped. We only stopped going because we moved. Both my kids saw Dr. Allred since birth. My daughter had severe acid reflux and wasn't gaining weight. Dr. Allred worked closely with me to monitor her weight and come up with solutions that I was comfortable with. She didn't discount my input and never treated me as a first time over-protective parent. She always listened to me and made me feel respected. She's fantastic. The only reason I'm giving DS 4 stars instead of 5 is because of Marion, one of the PAs. I'm not a fan of him. I did have to see him a couple of times for urgent appointments and I was not happy either time. I don't care for his bed-side manner. At one of the visits my daughter had a very itchy, unusual rash on the bottom of both her feet. She was only 19 months,crying and attempting to scratch her feet constantly. Marion wasn't able to tell what the rash was and just left it at that. No attempt to refer us to a specialist, no medicine given, NOTHING. I ended up making another appointment to see Dr. Allred, who was much more concerned about the rash and referred us to a pediatric dermatologist. It actually took several months of visiting specialists to get the rash to go away (however, they did give us medicine immediately to help her itching). Had I not trusted my gut and made another appointment my daughter would have continued suffering for even longer.I did see several other PAs in the office and other doctors as well and I like everyone else. The staff was always welcoming and friendly. The remembered me and my children and were sad to see us leave. One note, if you are a little late to your appointment they can usually keep your appointment but if you are very late they will need to work you back into the schedule and sometimes that can take hours. Some people might be upset by that, personally I appreciated it. I understand that things come up and sometimes you might be late (especially with little babies) but they shouldn't be expected to push everyone else's appointments back to squeeze you back in. This happened to me once and they were kind about it and were able to work me back in 2 hours later. Every time my kids got sick and needed an appointment urgently, they were able to get me in on the same day. The Chandler office has Saturday hours that I utilized a few times as well.Overall I highly recommend Desert Shores!
5	We have recently moved from NYC where we had an excellent (!) pediatrician to East Valley and had to find a new doctor for our daughter and the baby on the way.I have taken my daughter to several doctors in the area and they were all prescribing her the same stuff after listening to her breathing.  I knew it wasn't helping but I could not get anyone to listen to me well.  Finally, after contacting a fellow yelper I found out where she was taking her kids and decided to give Desert Shores a try.  We went to Chandler location (different address).  We first saw Kathy who was super sweet and wonderful.  She even got on the floor to play with my daughter and took time to answer my questions.  She has also recommended the old treatment but made sure I knew I could call any time if it wasn't working. Four days later we went back to rethink the treatment and got to see Dr. Nason.  She listened to us and ordered a few tests (finally) to see maybe it wasn't what they were thinking.  She called me back that same evening to say that my daughter's problems were of viral (not bacterial like they had assumed before) origin.  We are now waiting for some more test results to figure out the best course of treatment.Looks like we finally found a pediatrician for our kids :)
5	My wife's doctor told us about this little gem, so we confirmed on Yelp. We've now had 2 doctor appointments here for my son, absolutely love his pediatrician, the office and staff, and are very happy with our decision to come here. We know several people who take their kids here as well and rave about how they love their doctors here.
3	I've been going to this location for a year now with my son. The staff is friendly, it seems clean, and the location is great for me. One positive is they can always get me in last minute. However, I've had multiple occasions where my appointment time is 20-30 minutes before I'm actually seen by a doctor or aide so I'm sitting in an exam room with no toys and a sick infant! This is by no means atypical of a doctors' office, but you'd think since we're dealing with kids here, they'd be better at not overbooking and being on schedule. I hate being that parent that leaves the exam room to ask when the doctor will be there - I really do.
5	We love Desert Shores Pediatrics!!! Both of my children are seen there and have received the utmost care!  Chantelle Lasaak is wonderful!! She is so caring and really takes time to get to know my sons.  She never rushes through my questions and concerns. My sons enjoy going to the doctor to see her sick or well :)
