5	I came here Saturday at noon with my girl Brooke. I've been here once before, but over 5 years ago. It's a smaller nail salon, with about 5 or 6 pedi spa chairs & about 5 or 6 nail stations. I usually bring my own polish but this time I didn't because I wanted green & didn't have that color. Selection was decent but a lot of the bottles looked old, still found the color I was looking for though! My pedi was awesome & a good deal at $19 (plus $5 for colored tips & $5 for flowers, so $29 total). Brooke got a full set of acrylics with pretty, pink glitter tips for I believe $30-35. Wish I took a pic of her nails. FYI- If you're paying with a card you have to tip in cash. I'd definitely come here again!
3	Every two weeks you will find me here getting my nails done. The talent in this salon ranges from pretty damn good to great. The women that work here are very nice. The only complaint that I have is that I have made an appointment twice with my favorite nail tech and both times they confirmed my appointment but when I showed up they claim that I didn't really make the appointment with that tech. My recommendation for them would be to get a receptionist to handle all walk-ins and appointment booking to help avoid "appt theft" and overflow.
1	FILTHY! NASTY! UNSANITARY PLACE!! I am new in the area and get my nails and feet done every other week.... I seen this nail ssalon on Yelp and decided to treat myself and find a Salon I can keep coming back too.... Not only was this place Super small, but VERY UNSANITARY!!! When doing my pedicure they did not take out anything new out the package but pulled out a dirty box and used it on my feet. I looked around and seen NAIL DUST everywhere like they havent cleaned or wiped anything down in months or years!! I sat down to get my Nails filled and looked at the displays on the walls and cabinets filled with nail dust and fingernail clippings. Dirty walls.... I thought to myself NEVER AGAIN will I come back here. I sat down on the otherside of the room to dry my nails in the dryer and looked under the dryer and nail clippings and more nail dust inside the dryer! HOW DOES THAT WORK??? I aint never out of 15 years of getting my nails done seen a place this FILTHY!!! Can u say NAIL FUNGUS! DONT GO THERE!!!!
5	I love this place. Ever since i came here the first time two years ago this is the only nail salon i will go to. Not only is it affordable they do an amazing job every time. The designs are gorgeous! Its worth the 5 dollars extra.I cant do acrylics anymore but when o had those done every month they did an amazing job on even my most ridiculous requests. They even made the nails from Dexter amazing! Everyone is super nice. I would recommend this place to anyone!
1	I would first like to say my sister had a bad experience here before me. However I was happy with the quality of the nails they do. We do however go elsewhere for pedis. So I taked my sister in to comming back and guess what... they do good nails but customer service is horrible. The lady who was doing her nails was on the phone the the whole time. (ordering cable). There was an issue with the gel polish my sister got peeling off so we wnt back to get it fixed. We told the lady how rude it was of the other lady to be talking on the phone. She said... :" well she was still doing her job".  "maybe it was important"My thought is I guess it was important if you are willing to lose 2 customers. I wish they were better at customer service but they have lost me as a customer forever.
1	Poor customer service.
1	horrible customer service. waited 20 minutes to get my eyebrows done as a walk-in. they kept telling me just two minutes. they took 6 people ahead of me. so i stood up a collected my keys and wallet from the chair next to me and they didn't say a word so i just walked out. and there was dust everywhere. will never go back!if i could post no stars, i would.
5	I've been coming here for over 10 years and I love all the ladies who work there.it's usually always busy cuz the pricing is great, love this place!
