4	Previously the Scottish Burger Bistro (and still in the same ownership), the Crafters Barn is a slightly odd fusion of Belgian, Spanish, pizza and steak. The Belgian influence is both at food and beer level; the Spanish comes in the form of a tapas menu; I didn't try the pizzas; the steaks can be cooked by diners at their table on some called a lava stone (frankly that sounds completely terrifying to me, but I'm sure others will find it great fun.)I was charmed by the place and the food I sampled was very good, with a delicious fish stew and very tasty chorizo.Overall, we said: "I was impressed with The Crafters Barn. Fusion places with eclectic menus can be a little tricky to judge, but from what I sampled I'd heartily recommend a visit. I look forward to sampling more dishes from their selection over the coming months."
4	We stumbled upon this place primarily due to its location - and the bit of outdoor seating next to Lady Stair's Close...Given it was a beautiful night with a sunset, it fit the bill.  The Belgian beer selection was really good and the server we had was so helpful and attentive - she helped make the experience memorable.  We moved inside to try the food and my companions spoke highly of the mussels.  The pizza we had was also quite good.  It wasn't too crowded so service continued to be excellent.  Good mix of music played and the space is light, open, uncluttered with a euro-modern feel.  All in I would absolutely return on my next visit.
4	This is a great "Belgium Beer & Steak" place - which also serves gourmet mezze / tapas - with a beer twist. My first impression is that it is a mixture between The Vintage, Hanging Bat and the Potting Shed though still carries distinctiveness and originality.The 'Crafters Barn' has an immediate feel of comfort. Inside and the outside area is well dressed in brown muted tones. I was most pleased to see the big amount of Belgium beers that they carry in stock. Obviously not the cheapest of drinks, but you need to remember that these beers are for nipping and enjoyment, not to down them and get drunk. That said, I was a little miffed to be offered a Leffe as a pint. - Come on! As a good beer purveyor you should have the decency to offer 2/3 or 1/2 pints.Another thing that irked me was the mispronunciations by the staff that caused confusion. I was offered a 'Sherry Beer by Crick'  (so obviously I thought this is like Innis & Gunn - Sherry Cask aged beer) I was intrigues and said I'll have a pint of that. It turned out that it was a CHERRY Beer by KRIEK - nothing wrong with that per se, however a pint of cherry flavoured lager is not the best enjoyed with steak. Yes, those steaks! You order, you get. You get it FAST.  The premise here is that the steak is presented uncooked (or at least 'blue') on a hot stone. You cook it yourself to the desired level. This takes away the issue that the chef cooked it wrong, because if it is, you have yourself to blame. Clever, novel and very hands on. In addition I had peppercorn sauce and skinny fries. The sauce as OK. The skinny fries were not fully fried, possibly a little undercooked even. The service is very friendly, professional and helpful. They really look the part.
4	After spending the evening walking around looking for a place that wasn't full to the brim with people, we walked past the crafters barn. We were greeted by a very warm and welcoming staff, found a table, and had a lovely meal. The beer choice was excellent, especially if you are into Belgians, and the food was lovely. It was bright, clean, lively, and over all very pleasant. We left with full stomachs and feeling lucky to have stumbled upon this happy little restaurant.
3	I've been wanting to try The Crafter's Barn ever since it opened about 6 months ago. Lucky me - a Living Social deal came up and it was offering a hot stone steak meal and beer chips for 2 people so I promptly bought the deal and as promptly booked a table for 2 :)Belgian beer lovers will be delighted with this place as it has a nice selection of beers. We were greeted friendly and the waiter soon came to take our orders and was happy to explain some of the beers that were listed. I chose the Kriek as it's a great winter beer in my opinion. We ordered hot stone fillet steaks with skinny fries and beer fries and shared a peppercorn sauce.A while later the steaks appeared. We cooked them ourselves on the extremely hot lava stones. Now this is where I'm a bit undecided. Yes, I like to cook my own food but perhaps not when I'm dining out in a restaurant? Anyway, the waiter told us the best way to cook the fillet steak is to cut thin slices off and cook them as you wish. The steak was alright but I felt I was perhaps too focused on cooking it to truly enjoy it. There was nothing wrong with it per se, but it didn't wow me. The skinny fries looked nice and tasted ok. There were a couple of nice desserts on the menu, e.g. belgian waffles with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce. It sounded very tempting but we decided to get the bill at this point. I'd be happy to go back and try some of their pizzas as they looked good. Until that time, three stars for  now :)
