5	love it.The building seems huge, but that is because of the soaring ceilings.There us usually something local and edgy at this gallery.I remember sitting across the street eating at some fairly windowless corner bar (that is now a cosi!) and watching the demo/construction.A crane came through and hit a pipe.  Water sprayed like a fountain all over the place.The guy in the hardhat just stared, totally perplexed and unsure what to do.Before that there was a gallery here, and it was small but brilliant.Much like Madison!
5	Great free museum on State Street. Unique exhibitions and beautiful architecture. Having MMOCA in the heart of the college town adds to Madison's depth.
5	This is where my cousin got hitched and the whole reason why I was in Madison, to be perfectly honest. The MMoCA is a tres chic kind of building. All glass and see through with three flights of stairs leading out to a lovely roof garden, which is especially pretty when all the colored lights come on. It was a lovely evening for a wedding. Clear skies, warm temperatures. The only thing that put a funny twist on the ceremony was when the sirens from the emergency vehicles on the street below interrupted my cousin and her husband to be as they were giving their vows. After the I do's were done, rings exchanged, poems read including the Art of Marriage, and kisses swapped, it was time to par-tay! So, while the MMoCA catering staff was getting the roof garden ready for the reception, all the guests were invited to mingle in the lobby, where a cocktail reception took place. Huge cheese and fruit platters were put out for all to share while servers walked around with sangria, champagne, and red wine. I decided to go with the sangria and it was simply delicious. It was also at this time guests were allowed to wander around the museum itself and look at all the displays, which I thought was awesome! After the the introductions of the bride and groom and their entourage, and after all the toasts were given, it was time to go upstairs for the reception dinner. Back up the three flights of stairs we all went and out onto the roof garden where they had set up a tent, a dj, open bar stations, coffee stations and food stations. Oh my word, the food here was simply amazing and scrumptious! Pork tenderloin, beef tenderloin with horseradish sauce, gnocchi, scallops, and spicy peanut thai chicken. I couldn't refrain from trying it all and everything exceeded my expectations. Seriously. After dinner the tables were cleared, and drinking, dancing and conversations ensued. Around 9pm the announcement was made that it was time for dessert. Instead of the traditional wedding cake, they had wedding cupcakes and mini chocolate martini's, oh hell yeah! Then there was more drinking and dancing until 11pm and on our way out each person in attendance was allowed to take home a bottle of wine as a thank you gift. Really, a very nice gesture. All in all, this is one of the most fabulous places for a wedding and reception that I have ever been to, and as of late, I've been to a lot of them. Another plus is that the MMoCA is always a free museum when it's open.  Monday's are the one day they are closed. So, if you're in the area this is a stop you must make and enjoy a beverage or a sandwich on their roof top terrace cafe.
3	A nice little museum in the heart of Madison.Okay, not little, exactly- it's a huge, cool space- but it felt sparsely populated by, you know, art.  I guess I was just expecting more.  It's quite good, and the displays were interesting and well arranged.  I only had time for a quick walkthrough, but I wouldn't have stayed much longer if I'd had more time... The giftshop has some interesting things, and a helpful staff (true at the museum as well.)
4	MMOCA's exhibits are on the smaller side, but well curated. Hits:  Installation pieces on the first floor, Henry street galleries (lower level) and rooftop events during the summer.Misses:  Limited hours: Not open until noon and overly long exhibition periods...perhaps caused by funding issues. Hints:  Join for as little as $45 per year ($30 if you are a student). Also, ask your employer to be a corporate sponsor, the perks are fantastic and may even include the option to put pieces from their permanent collection on display in your office.
4	Oh darn, the one time I venture downtown specifically for MMOCA, they closed all of the galleries (except 2) for a free-admission soiree they were having later that day. It was disappointing, for sure, but I really enjoyed the gallery of permanent pieces in the basement, as well as the sculpture garden on the roof. All in all, it would have been the perfect way to spend a Saturday afternoon if the main galleries hadn't been closed.Still, I am 100% for giving MMOCA another try. Until next time! (:
5	Let me preface this by saying that I find most museums boring, especially ones of modern art. Maybe it's just because I don't understand modern art, because I see no artistic value in oddly shaped objects or random things hanging off of wires. That being said, I actually quite enjoyed MMoCA. It's much more manageable than most museums and you can see everything within a few hours; unlike other places with 5+ floors each displaying 10+ exhibits that take an entire day to traverse. It's also free, which is always a plus. However, it operates based on donations, so if you have some spare cash, please do donate. I went on a Saturday morning and saw the Leo Villareal's LED lights exhibit, which was really cool. I also love how you can go onto the balcony on the third floor and breathe in the view of the city.
2	Beautiful "space", as the gallery attendants call it.  Which you are free to take pictures of, but not the art itself.  Fair enough.That said, this place didn't do much for me.  It's more empty space than it is art, it would seem.  There were some very cool pieces in their galleries, but I didn't feel compelled to move through the rooms in order to discover said pieces.
4	Dude, how can you complain about a place that let's you in FOR FREE?! I had a lot of time to explore downtown one day because I was a lonely tourist with a whole afternoon to waste so I visited almost every museum in Madison that day! This one was by far my favorite! It was clean and quiet, had lots of open spaces with a beautiful glass stairwell. The artworks on display were cool, there were some 3-D pieces along the floor and one that had broken TVs playing that annoying white noise, but as you got closer there was a giant waterfall projected on the wall, and you realize that the sound is the same and suddenly it's so relaxing! Stuff like that. The gallery itself is not that big but I liked that it was manageable. Some museums have too much to take in and you don't really get to enjoy it. This one was a good size. Not too crowded either.
4	I'll admit, I've lived here for two years, have walked past this building countless times, I always say "that's such a cool building, don't you love the glass staircase?!" to whomever is nearby, and I've never been inside.Leave it to my parents to visit and drag me to a museum.So, in we went.  The museum itself is not huge, making it manageable to tackle in an afternoon and tolerable to someone like me who can only take "so much" of museums.  The exhibitions are free (yay!!) but some special events may have a charge, check the calendar.  There are donation boxes on your way in/out of the building so please drop some cash in there so we can keep this place open!It seems from the calendar that exhibitions may change a few times a year so each of your visits could be a whole new experience.  Don't miss the sculpture garden on the roof where the museum offers movies in the summer (there's also a restaurant up there). Also, the museum gift shop has a ton of neat stuff so that's another stop you need to make!A great, affordable, stop for an afternoon in Madison.
4	You really must visit this fantastic museum, art gallery and architectural wonder. Beautiful buildings, stunning landscapes and best of all, free (nb $15 for parking). Thoroughly recommended.
4	I like to come here around 3pm and stay until sunset. They have great little cafes and restaurants to eat at and they are all good. I like the salad and wraps they have ready to go but if you go to the sit down cafe it's super tasty. Service at both the cafe and the sit down restaurant is nice and professional. I love grabbing a snack even from the carts sometimes. A coffee and the view will blow your mind on how beautiful WI can be, always choose a nice clear day to go and you'll see a lot more of WI.
