5	Friendly and helpful staff, very knowledgeable about their products.  This place has a nice organized selection and a good stock on a lot of items.  Had a great experience with Natalie.
4	This is a pretty big Hallmark location. We came here b/c we were looking for a spanish card. We originally started our search at Target which had absolutely zero selection. I mean we're talking like 5 cards and those were all pretty shoddy. So ... we went across the street and I was in the hunt for a Father's Day Card to my mom. I know but these days there are so many moms that pull double duty I think this is something the greeting card industry hasnt tapped into... I think Ijust landed on a Gold mine! lol. Well I didnt find what I was looking for but I found something really good anyways. The left side of the store had lots of other goodies I really didnt get to go thru b/c it was close to closing time. They forgot my gold envelope sealing stickers (the whole reason we go to the ACTUAL HALLMARK STORE  for.. so I went bk in right before they locked the doors. lol.. I really liked the store though, it has that feel-good potporri smelling warmness when you walk in.. puts you in the mood to read cards for 30 mintues and get lost in it till you end up buying about 5 cards before leaving.. I love it!
5	I have visited this location three times and honestly I wish they were a restaurant or something. They are some of the nicest people I have encountered anywhere in Vegas. I have no idea what they put in their coffee but it must work. They are always super smiley and plenty helpful if you need it but not to the point where it seems like they are stalking you. Prices are decent and the selection is out of this world. Any time I need a card or a nice little gift for someone I know that I can stop in here and be taken care of right away. Forget picking up a card or gift anywhere else, this place is worth an extra stop.
5	Call me crazy, but I like to look around at the Hallmark store.  Beyond the usual plethora of cards for every occasion, they have a lot of useless little doodads.  I love useless little doodads.  If you're into cooking like me, they have a LOT of really cute blank cookbooks with protective covers to keep splatters off your recipes.  It always smells nice too... random observation, but it makes me want to look around longer.  Also, the service is always impeccable - helpful, but not pushy.  Love this store.
5	5 Star StoreIt's like a library but you can have as much chatter as you wish! Staff are nice and yes I will return ASAP. They have cards for every occasion or so it seems.
