4	Don't be confused -- there are two Maiko Sushi restaurants on the Island of Montreal. This one is in the West Island, and the other is in Outremont.This Maiko is the one I frequent regularly, so I'll review this one.If you're a sushi connoisseur and are looking for a large variety of the freshest sushi in Montreal, this restaurant is superb! They have an extensive menu of all the classic sushi and sashimi options, as well as some more original and unique concepts. They also have a non-sushi Japanese menu, for those who don't like the idea of raw fish. Their chicken and steak teriyakis are quite delicious.The ambience is very nice, and the staff is very friendly and accommodating.A little bit on the pricier side --  I sometimes end up spending $80 - $100 just on myself (which includes a couple of vodkas on the rocks); but I am guilty of over-ordering because I love to have a large selection. Better to go in a group of 3 or 4 and order rolls to share, or just try to limit yourself to 15-20 pieces, not 30-40 like me!
2	Great atmosphere, decent services, and OK Sushi. I've had better. If you are looking for the whole package and don't really care that there is better sushi elsewhere, go and have a great time at Maiko.
3	The second time I've eaten here, although the first was for lunch. I found the choices to be very few compared to other sushi restaurants and the quality was lacking. I won't be returning here again.
5	Had lunch special a couple of weeks back and was impressed.  Great value for the money.  Actually was impressed with the quality and quantity of lunch special.  I highly recommend.
5	Try the entre - Shrimp/Scallops and sweet potato - 'beignets des fruit de met" - its almost a meal in itself.   all the sushi dishes are very well presented.
4	One of the best sushi in Montreal, Maiko never disappoints. They offer great variety of very fresh sushi. Try the sushi pizza as an appetizer, it's fun and yummy! When I go to Maiko, I always enjoy a well chilled German Riesling with my friends or family, it complements the fish deliciously. The lights are dark, the decor is pretty, and trust me, your sushi craving will begin right here.
2	There are four different Asian restaurants in this same strip center - one of them is another sushi restaurant behind this one.  I think this might be one of several locations - I am not sure because I do not live in Montreal. I work for a company who is headquartered in the area.This place was fairly busy for a Tuesday night in the suburbs.  Decor was nice and service was excellent.  They refilled my water often and quickly accommodated our requests for more soy sauce and even what the weather was supposed to be for the next day.What wasn't that good was the food.  I ate with two co-workers.  I split the $60 "sushi pour deux" with one of them and the other guy had a $27 sushi plate.  The $27 was supposed to yield 10 pieces; the $60 was supposed to be for 32 pieces.  I think the chef can't count, because we definitely didn't get 3x more than our coworker.In addition, the assortment wasn't that spectacular: tuna and salmon sashimi, yellow-tail sushi and the rest of it was rolls.  The rolls were a lot of rice and nothing too memorable.  We had ice cream/sorbet dessert and it was the best part of the meal.  Balls of frozen Lychee, Mango and Raspberry artfully displayed.
5	Regular customer there as I work close, its always full!! The sushi are delicious n the servers remember what you drink! Make sure u reserve, i didnt once on a Monday night n it was packed. Great ambiance too
4	Delicious sushi, very classy, slightly expensive (depending on the size of your belly), good for dates :)
5	I love Sushi, I would eat sushi 3-4 times a week and Maiko is my favorite location for Sushi. I have been to both locations west Island and Outremont. Both are very good, amazing service, different options and food is always fresh and just perfect. I highly recommend the specialties, forget the usual spicy salmon, tuna or Kamikaze, just go for their specialties.
4	Very good experience. Ambiance is lovely, clean and welcoming. The sushi was delicious, fresh and good presentation. It is on the expensive side but overall we were not disappointed.
