4	It's cheap, they usually have rooms, and they have $1 Blackjack!  It's not new or fancy (although they did recently renovate the rooms), and it's up at the end of the strip near the Stratosphere, but it's a good home base for your wild Vegas stay.  Spend the money you'll save on gambling instead.
5	We're not all whales flown in from Japan on Gulfstreams... for us, $1 blackjack! The casino is pretty ghetto and all but you get free drinks to wager pennies at a time! I like this place when you want to kill time, waste a little money and get drunk.
3	I lump this along with the IP as a cheap and bearable place to stay. I also have to give it props for being the hotel that I won 1100 bucks at playing roulette. Being drunk and gambling sometimes does pay off, kiddies!
3	$50 rooms even during conferences (20min walk to the convention center), Monorail station and rooms are much better than in the motels around the Strip. Wired and wireless Internet for $12 a day - works great.
4	The Sahara is On The Strip. I like that in an LV hotel. Also, it has a monorail station downstairs, which can take you down The Strip, to any number of OTHER cool hotels.I think I'll always have a soft spot in my heart for The Sahara, though. I liked how they put your name on the television set, welcoming you to your room. I also liked that they made decent drinks in the casino... you know, the free ones you get while gambling?PLUS, I won over $500 here in one day, which is pennies to some people, but for a novice like me, it was A LOTTA DOUGH!!! I was totally kvelling over my winnings! There were a mix of people in this place, too... young, middle-aged, old.... though not as many old people as were at The Plaza. My hubby, sister, her friend, my mom and my new step dad all had a great time here! The food in the restaurants wasn't bad, either. The breakfast buffet upstairs was actually pretty darned cool, even though it's in a cafeteria-like setting. They had anything you could ever want for breakfast, and it's 'all you can eat', which is why we go to Vegas in the first place, baby!The Sahara is a bargain for a Strip hotel. I recommend it! (Just don't expect fancy shampoos or soaps in your room, or mints on your pillow. At least the rooms didn't REEK like the ones in The Plaza.)Go, have fun. Win some money! Just save some for ME!!!
3	The buffet was full of mystery meat...I really can't complain about their under $10 buffet. It's under $10 with coupon. It's nothing special, but it's still better than standard buffets outside of Vegas. The hotel seems cool in that it has rides. It's so far off the Strip (for me, it ends at Wynn) that I would never consider staying here, even if it were $20 a night and they gave me a chimp.
1	Probably the worst place you could stay in Vegas.  The place is old, dingy and the rooms smell like smoke, the food was nasty and it's very far north. The only semi-redeeming quality of the place was the fact that it had a decent poker tourney (which you can find at any legit poker room on the strip).The only way I'd ever stay here again was if every other room on the strip was booked.
4	The hotel is older but seems clean and the staff is friendly. For the price, its not bad. The location could be better, you feel a little out in the middle of "nowhere" compared to the newer hotels. I'd suggest  renting a car if you stay here. Your probably asking yourself, "How can this be a 4 star rating?" Well... The coaster adds 2 stars for me. Its great. In fact, I'm really giving the "Speed" coaster 4 stars and the hotel 2.
4	One of the better gambling casino's on the "new" strip.. cheap tables and good luck!
2	This was a GREAT hotel back in the 50s.  The rooms have been updated but not to the new Vegas standards.  Though often cheap rooms can be found I don't suggest staying down here.  The area around the hotel, especially south of the hotel, isn't the friendliest of all places.  Though filthy rich real estate moguls have finally purchased the land near by and have began building high rise condos.Whatever you do.  DONT EAT AT THE BUFFET.  Save yourself the money and go eat at McDonald's across the street.  Don't eat at McDonald's either please.  Spend the 5 extra dollars that you were gonna throw away anyways and eat at one of the other buffets.
3	$1.00 blackjack!
1	Sahara was perfect when I had the college student's budget. But I'll never stay here again, I don't even think I want to even walk in here again. All the rooms smell like smoke even if it's a non-smoking room and the linens look like they're been there since the hotel has opened.
1	GROSS!!!!!  Manky manky manky!!!!I had to stay here for four nights cos "somebody" forgot to book our rooms early for CES...  The first night, there were yucky curly black hairs on the bathroom floor, and a large stain on the carpet.Day two:  Came back to my room to realize that they didn't change the sheets, just made the bed (ok, that's fine by me really...  as long as they change sheets between guests...  I HAVE MY DOUBTS).  Took a brief nap before the evening festivities, and when I awoke...  unwisely made closer inspection of bed I was in....  There was a crusty substance (I'm trying to convince myself it was cream of mushroom soup) on my BLANKET!!!  Not the gross bedspread I always pull off the bed...  MY BLANKET!! YUK YUK YUK!!!Day Three:  B reported that there was dried blood on one of his "fresh" towels.  Eeeewwww!Day Four:  I'm sick...  I blame the room.And they charge $12 for every 24 hours of wireless!!!The only redeeming quality was the "so bad it was good" lounge act the first night.I'm a little bitter.
4	What's with all the bad reveiws? This is such a fun hotel! Okay okay, so it's not classy or fancy or anything even close. But it gets the job done...meaning there's clean, spacious rooms. They're quite plain but nice and didn't smell smoky at all. The hotel is easy to navigate, and that's a big plus for me. Adequate amount of slots and tables, but a waitress only came over to me once. It was nice to get away from the insanity of the strip even though it's actually on the strip. To get around we took the Monorail which goes from one end of the strip to the other and stops at 6 or 7 hotels on the way. Cabs are surprisingly not outrageous so that works too. The buffet was pretty good. Simple stuff but very fresh. The dessert rocks too. This is a good place to stay if you want something very nice but low-key and a live and let live kinda atmosphere. Plus it was a good deal which was important in the decision making. I'd definitely return.
2	YIKES!! We stayed here about a decade ago and it was gross then and it's still pretty gross now. I guess it's cheap, but then again, cheap and dirty vs. clean and pay a little more... hmmm..... I think I'll pay a little more thank you very much.The coffee shop still has a relatively cheap steak and eggs deal, but when compared to the others we've found, it's considered expensive.Will never stay at this hotel ever again and probably won't even step in here the next time we visit. The old memories should just be exactly that.... an OLD memory.
2	This was the first hotel I stayed in Vegas, and of course at the time I liked it (I didnt know any better), now that time has passed I can say that I really dont like the place (sorry) the area where it is sucks, I take a Downtown Hotel any time, and sometimes they are even cheaper. Oh and dont even get me started on the buffet, it made the person who was with me really sick.
2	Nothing exciting, not exactly high quality. Just another casino/hotel for the budget minded.Small rooms and small bathrooms. It is what it is. A place to stay for the night. They have a casino downstairs. $1 black jack tables. That's pretty much it...
1	1.5 stars ... Definitely a hotel from the past here.  Time to implode and redo this place.  The bad thing (for inexperienced travelers) is that Expedia and others give this place 3 stars.
3	I rate this place 3 stars for the price alone.  The hotel leaves much to be desired.  The rooms are old, the halls smell like 30-year-old smoke, but for $39 midweek and  $99 on the weekends you can do a lot worse in Vegas.  I mean, I don't care how nice the room is--I don't see it while I'm passed out drunk.Benefits:Monorail stop that isn't horribly far from the hotel tower.$5 blackjackPoker room is a good size and has daily tourneys.They have internet--a lot of casinos don't.You can get toothless hookers and crack just around the corner. :)Things that pissed me off:Check-in took forever (and we arrived at 2AM!!!)Selection of food is bad.Parking garage elevators are slower than slow.I'd stay at the Imperial Palace if you can get a similar rate just due to the center strip location, but you can do a lot worse in LV.
1	Although the prices are fairly low, you definitely see why in the rooms.  If one could imagine a 70's era Ho-Jo located out in BumbleF****, Middle America, then you start to have an idea of how truly wretched the hotel portion of this hotel/casino is.  The website is clearly deficient (and some might be brave enough to say, "deceptive") in describing the quality of it's rooms.  There have been positive points made for the monorail stop; however, after using it... I must say the monorail is a complete disappointment.  A much better idea (especially, if your party includes more than one person) is to just cab it around.A further note, the casino part was interesting and somewhat illustrative of the old Vegas feel.  But, it lacks any real reason for a visit.  I do have to disagree with others though, the smoke smell was not as pernicious as some may have you believe.
3	Want to stay on the strip but you're a cheapskate? Sahara is the place for you.Old + Falling Apart + Terrible Shows =  great character.Only problem is it's a little too far away from the heart of the strip.
2	Haha. I just have to take a second to soak it all in and laugh it all up.The good thing about this place is that it actually has a monorail stop, which means you can get from point A (the Sahara) to point B (as far as possible, which would be the MGM, or anywhere in between) in a snap. The second star out of 5 would be the pool. Although I didn't actually get in, I had the chance to spend some side-by-side time with it, and I thought the scene was pretty charming. The size of the bed was nice, and the water pressure was fine.As for the three stars this place did NOT win, I could mention the 4 dollar a day electricity charge (since when does electricity not come with the room?), or the wireless that wouldn't work for 2 days, but these are really not that important. The thing that really ruined my post-trip were the welts on my hand, shoulder, chin (ugh!), and elbow from....ba-bada-baaaa...! Bed bugs! Wee!But hey. 3 dollar blackjack. *itchin' chin*...naaa, still not worth it.
4	I have stayed at the Sahara Hotel twice.  The rooms are clean and cost is low. The slots are tight.  Hospitality is fantastic! Listen, this is a great hotel for the cost.  The MONRAIL entrance is right at the hotel. Just just use that system to go to the Strip.  That is what I did each time!
5	The Sahara Hotel and Casino is an older property that is located at the heart of the Las Vegas strip. Its room prices are at the lower end of the price range for Las Vegas Strip locations and only slightly above the price of the MGM properties Excalibur and Circus Circus. For the slightly higher price are you getting a nicer room, elevators that come within fractions of a minute rather than minutes and LAN and Wireless high speed Internet access rather than just Wireless. The Buffet is also excellent in quality and price and the Room service is cheaper than you might think. I used it several times and it was fast, not much more expensive than paying at the restaurant and good quality. The Monorail station is right next to the hotel, which provides a great alternative to using a cab without the need to walk a long distance to the station itself, like it is the case for several other Las Vegas Strip properties. Overall are you getting a very good deal. I stayed at the Sahara already three times and prefer it over the Excalibur, Luxor, Flamingo and Circus Circus. The Wynn is much nicer, true, but you also have to pay for a single night almost the same what you have to pay for a whole week stay at the Sahara.The rooms are spacious, but not fancy and only equipped with the essential stuff. The A/C control lags some precision and a bit more lights would also not hurt. I was only staying in the room to sleep and to work a bit on my computer on the Internet, so that those short-comings did not bother me too much.I also do not gamble and can't say anything about the quality of the Casino itself. I always ask for a room in the tower that is close to the Lobby entrance, so I do not even have to see anything of the Casino at all.
3	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Sahara last September and we had a nice stay. Sure it isn't as glamorous as other hotels on the strip but it definitely exceeded my expectations. My boyfriend picked it because of the pool. I read several reviews before going and I was definitely nervous but the Sahara was good enough. For a hotel I require, safe, clean and warm and the Sahara was definitely that. The decor is a little work and out of fashion and the hotel definitely doesn't have the brand new car smell. If you're looking for a clean, safe place to crash while youre out and about at the nicer hotels then stay here. The staff were definitely friendly and the pool was nice. Most of the guest are older but I wasn't trying to party with the guests anyway. Book a room here and enjoy yourself in the casinos of other hotels.Don't eat the buffet here, no matter how cheap it is. It isn't worth it.
3	The first time I came to Vegas, we were staying at the Paris, which apparently is just too full of functional, non-gambling or drinking adults with children for me and my girls, so we headed for the Sahara and its $2 No Bust Blackjack tables.  We basically spent our entire vacation at those tables.  The dealers were fun and friendly, even the pit bosses chatted with us.  Okay, granted, we were there for like three staff changes (no sleep is necessary in Vegas due to all that extra oxygen they pump onto the casino floor) but they really were cool.Minus two stars for Paco's Bar and Grill.  A steady 13 hour diet of Bud Light clouded my judgment to the point of thinking that eating Mexican food at a desert-themed, low-budget casino would be a good idea.  Well, Bud Light was wrong and I scored some impressive FBI (food borne illness) but danged if I didn't lose 5lbs on that trip.I still love the Sahara, though, and I continue to return for blackjack every time I'm in Vegas.  Come on, it has its own "NASCAR Experience" in it!  I don't know what that is, but I'm pretty sure it's Bud Light and crappy Mexican food, which sure as hell beats cappucinos and mimes at the Paris any day!
3	If you are looking for a cheap Vegas trip and just need the hotel as a place to lay your head at night the Sahara is just that.  For a cheap price you get a cheap no frills room with just the basics.  The best parts:1.the pool was awesome. Lots of beach chairs, large sizes pool and great view of the roller coaster passing by.2. they actually have the table game ........WAR!! Can you believe it. I think I almost Sh$t myself when I saw this. I'm not a gambler so seeing this table game was like an oasis in the desert. I swear it was the most fun I ever had loosing $40 bucks!  It reminded me of the casino that Clark Griswald went to in National Lampon's Vegas Vacation.  I am still waiting for the rock, paper, scissors table. 3. The Beatles stayed there in the early 60's. You see plaques commemorating this throughout the hotel.4. Close to the monorail. After a night of partying we went from one end of the strip to the Sahara in like 5min. It was super unreal how fast it was. The worst parts:1. It was far from the other hotels. We had to cab it or take the bus.2. The restaurants sucked. Don't bother eating here if you can help it3. Once you see how cool the decor and entertainment is on the rest of the strip, you'll feel like you're staying in the ghetto. Overall, if  you are strapped for cash and plan on using the hotel as just a place to sleep. It really wasn't that bad.
2	I only walked through.  But I was afraid.  I mean, seriously afraid.  Everything looks so worn down and tired.  The people too, and not just the ones working the floor, but the people staying there.   It's in the middle of nowhere, unless you count Hooker Emporium down the road to be another hot attraction.  I could see how it would work if you were just going to be sleeping there and eating and drinking and getting your Vegas experience somewhere else, but then again, you might as well put your cab or bus or monorail money into a pot and get a place that's a little more centrally located!
2	While the location seems ideal being close to downtown and yet on the strip, it actually became a HIKE.  (And I live in Chicago and walk everywhere.  This was just a long and tedious and boring walk to take to anything resembling action.)The rooms were in terrible shape, and on the whole the place was depressing.The casino was kind of a fun place to end the night.  And it was CHEAP.  One star for each.  But the next time I came to Vegas I stayed at Paris, and would pay to do so again.  No more Sahara for me.Prediction: It's plowed in 5 years or less.
1	This place was the most horrible place I have ever stayed at in my entire life.  There were pubic hairs on the floor and the drawers, there was also something very drippy and nasty on one of the chairs, if you want to guess what it looked like, please feel free.  I was scared to touch ANYTHING in the whole room...  I changed rooms twice and finally called the housekeeping manager to my last room and made them re-clean it.  The worst part about it is that I paid $188 a night because there was a big trade show in town.  The dining in the hotel all sucks as well and it's too far to walk anywhere at all.  Most newer hotels have ventilation systems that filter the smoke out of the casino floor, and these tend to work really great, this hotel had nothing so I was smelly the whole time I was there. Instead of putting people who help you on the floor they put people who try to sell you timeshares, so you can't walk though the place without getting hounded by five people at a time trying to sell you stuff.  I will NEVER EVER EVER EVER stay at this place again!  A dirty park bench on a snowy night in the ghetto would have been better....I'm still really mad.
2	HISTORIC VEGAS....little elseIf you're a fan of old Las Vegas....well you probably still will not want to stay here.  Maybe the best way to break this down is to show some of the positives versus the negatives.POSTIVES:Balconies-  If you stay in the old Alexandria tower, then in most rooms you'll be treated to something that you don't find in Vegas very often(probably due to the potential for accident or suicide) and that is the balcony attached to your room!  It's a great place to kick back with a brew and watch the strip!  You also get fresh air (provided your neighbor doesn't smoke 10 packs a day...something that isn't out of the realm of possibility, especially since that's precisely what happened to us) and a great view of the north strip!  Casino-  Very friendly, intimate, and surprisingly well kept for a 50 year old casino.  It's also very reasonable!  Unlike SOME (most) strip casinos, there's no $50 minimum blackjack anywhere to be found.  I also recommend checking out the "retro" casino with the tables next to some pretty hot dancers who easily distract you from your gambling experience.  (Yes...this is a good thing)Monorail Station-  Convenient to the hotel, it's easy to access anywhere on the strip with just a short walk.  Monorail prices are pretty reasonable as well.  NEGATIVES:  Dirty Rooms-  As many on here have mentioned, the rooms are VERY dirty and old!  That's saying something coming from me, because I usually am not very picky.  The management wasn't even embarrassed that the room we stayed in had peeling wall paper (not just a little but most of the wall!) burnt out lights, mystery substances in weird crevices...the whole nine yards!  Staying in the room felt like I needed a long shower...except that was dirty too!  Restaurants-  Granted I really only tried the coffee shop...but the food wasn't the best.  I guess I should say it was par for what you would expect out of such an old place.  Some older hotels on the strip are/were kept up in a reasonable manner (i.e. the Stardust...God rest its hotel soul).  Not the Sahara!  The rooms are dirty and they don't seem ashamed of it!  When I stay at the Sahara, I wanted to feel like I was in old Las Vegas....but not QUITE that much! Uggh
3	Im not going to review this hotel,Im Sorry. Buuuuut I will review the middle aged man walking out of the elevator singing:"Girl shake that Laffy Javvvie, that Laffy Javvvie!"DUDE, ITS SHAKE THAT LAFFY TAFFY!1 star for trying.1 star for lyrics.1 star for making me laugh out loud and askin my friend. "Did he just say Javvie?"
3	Well what can you expect from a hotel that's less than 3 stars and way past it's Hey Days!Not good for food.Ok for lodging.My friend and I stayed here because I was comped a room.Gaming here is inexpensive.$5 Paigow poker (off hours)$5 Craps (off hours)That's all I really go for.I also checked out the pool.  Not too bad.  But not too big either.  At least there was music thumping in the background but was constantly drowned out by the dumb rollercoaster.
2	This is a good place for those who don't mind about sanitation & still want to be sort of on the far end of the "strip" at a cheap price. I had no choice in staying here, b/c it was selected by someone else w/o the knowledge about this place.I've stayed in motels that are cleaner than the room I stayed in since the hair dryer & top of the toilet seat had dust on it.  Even some of the old downtown Fremont area casinos look in better shape & much cleaner looking (ie Golden Gate).There is a pool at least, just don't eat at the cafe near the registration desk unless you're starving b/c you can probably make your own better sandwich. At least they have the Nascar Cafe to drink up before you go into your room.Be careful with what time you check in, b/c if you check in around 3PM either one hour before or after, your wait time is at least 1/2 hr, b/c at there are only 3 people out at the front desk around the time I checked in.
2	The Sahara, where the Beatles played at when they were in Vegas.This place is aged, and small, and smokey, and all in all... OLD. It's like that guy that was catcher at the starting lineup for your favorite baseball team, who was bounced after a couple years, became a journeyman, and now is playing single A ball for some independent league out in the corn fields of Nebraska, hoping to scrape up enough cash to pay rent at his cheap-o hotel room.The rooms are small (and smell). It's old school vegas, but without the cool of the Rat Pack. There are only 3 things that keep me from giving it the one star finger:1: It's next to the monorail2: They hosted the Amazing Jonathan (still do to my knowledge)3: $5 blackjack.1 and 3 are no longer big drawers for me, now that I'm out of college and have a bit more expendable income, but they keep the 2nd star for Amazing Jonathan. And this story.My buddy and I were playing here after a show, fairly sauced, and not fully loaded down in the wallet. We're playing a $5 table, just to pass some time, and maybe make a little bit more cash. Drink server comes by to take our order, I ask for a beer, he asks for a Johnny Walker Black and soda.Keep in mind, we're at the $5 table. My friend is shocked to near speechlessness (unfortunatly he couldn't be shocked to total speechlessness 'cause he bitched the whole way back to our hotel) when his JWB came back looking like a drop of johnny, and a glass of soda. I had to remind him, $5 table, but I do get a chuckle everytime I remember his face of what basically amounted to a slight amber tinted cloud in a glass of water.
2	I only stay here when a room doesn't mean anything to me on my trip and all I want is a bed and bathroom for myself. If I were on a honeymoon, trip with wife, kids, etc., I'd stay elsewhere. The buffet is cheap, and I've actually paid three times more for food and have eaten about the same things, like at Treasure Island buffet. I'm rarely in the hotel when I do go to Vegas so a cheap room in a place that is still considered a hotel rather than a motel isn't bad. Getting in and out of the parking structure is easy, and you don't have to contend with the major traffic from farther down the strip. Rooms are dirty, wallpaper is wearing off, elevators are rattling, the place is definitely on it's last legs. I'll miss the cheap rooms when it does finally go, and the history.
3	Sahara--it's a Vegas hotel... I doubt anyone would care as long as the price is cheap--no one really stays in a hotel room during their stay in Vegas anyways, right??Well, at least that's how me and my homies felt.  We're in Sin City to shop and party, not sleep all day!  I guess we spent more time in the hotel room than expected-- so here comes the review.First off, the front desk lies about early check in!  We drove to Vegas and were pretty dang tired and wanted to check in early.  My homie called in a couple times before realizing that its the same person picking up at front desk, so started to fake his voice, asking what time early check in is.  The guy gave him 3 different answers... well, the guy might have just been messin with him cus he keeps callin, but we were desperate.  So we walked in and discovered the LONG check in line... weird.. I thought check in wasn't for another hour?  Well, people were gettin their rooms... geez, we waited in our car, delirious for two hours, for nothing!The room was much smaller than I expected.  We had a smoking room with no ash-tray... not a big deal, but geez, were we suppose to tip the guy when he brought one up to us???One of my homie and I went down to the pool to relax.  Pool is an alright size, lots of chairs, towel service, beer and music blasting.  Once again, though, no ash trays in sight, eh.Room blankets were very thin, which is cool when it's hot, but once we got the AC blasting throughout the night, it gets pretty chilly... I guess I could've just gotten up to turn off the AC, but it's the principle that counts! .. and yes, I eventually turned off the AC :).Room service is a big nono.  Food is cheap for roomservice, but you get what you paid for... well, not technically cus I dont think anyone really wants to pay to have diarrhea.... INSTANTEOUSLY... yes, all four of us.  Not to mention, pizza tasted like cardboard, sandwich tasted like cardboard and OJ was warm.One room was 80bucks, two queen size bed and a tv.... it's cheap, prob stay there again ONLY because it's cheap... I woudn't put too much trust in that place, and definitely would spend a lot less time in the rooms than we did last time.
3	I have never stayed at the Sahara I have only stoped in for the cheap tables. Thats really the only plus about the Sahara.. cheaper to play usually means you can play for longer. If your staying at the Stratosphere, which I don't recommend the Sahara is close enough to walk to. If your are coming from the other end take a cab its not worth the walk.
1	when an opportunity to visit Vegas especially on New Years happened, i  was happy to join the fun.  Since I haven't been to Vegas since i was 5, there's definitely more things to do :DBut  staying at this hotel has scarred my Vegas fun.   First of all the light in our hotel room (you know the one where there's supposed to be one when you stepped into the room was broken) so i kept on thinking why is our room so freakin dark. Well the guys stayed in the next room so i knew there was supposed to be a light in our dimly lit room.   Besides the darkness of the room always thought the room was a bit on a dirty side.  Granted it's probably the cheapest place to stay on the strip for New Years.  But gah! i'd rather stay at a Holiday Inn or Day's Inn in comparison to the Sahara.  I'm not saying the Holiday Inn or Day's are bad places to stay in but have had much better experiences there.  *cough*  a more lighted cleaner establishment to stay in. One minor highlight was the convenience of the hotel being hear the Tram (which was very convenient on New Year's Eve).  But there were other hotels that were near the tram too. I know the next time when i come to Vegas; Sahara is NOT the place to stay at.
3	Considering the fact we only showered and slept in our hotel room, the Sahara was quite a bargain. It was super cheap and on the Tram which turned out to be very convenient as we used it quite often.  There was absolutely nothing fancy about our hotel room, but there was nothing bad either.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is visiting Vegas on a budget.  Save money on the hotel room and use those savings to see a Cirque du Soleil show!
3	For college girls on a budget, the Sahara is great. I think we stayed in a deluxe room that had two queen beds and a balcony overlooking the pool. The balcony was the best part; I love balconies. The beds and pillows sucked though. In my eyes, if you're wasted face and you still can't pass out on a bed, then you know there's something wrong. That's exactly what happened to me all weekend. The check in was HORRENDOUS. Check in began at 3 p.m. and we got there at 2. We decided to go in anyway and play a couple slots while we waited. Well, we changed our minds immediately when we saw that there was already a check in line that went across the entire lobby. We skipped the games and waited in line for over an hour. Besides that, the bellhops there were soooo nice! When we arrived and left, they wheeled out our many bags all the way to the parking structure and loaded them into my car for us. Sahara is getting a facelift from SBE entertainment (you know, of LAX nightclub), so hopefully, we'll see something more modern in the next few years.
3	OK - note.. I DID NOT STAY at the hotel.. but since there isn't another place to put this.. it's going here.The sports bar that is off to the side of the keno lounge - almost to the game pit - away from the gaming, away from the smoke... makes the best damn drinks in vegas.  $6 gets you really nice martini, filthy as hell, and a cute friendly bartender serving it to you.had I had all day (instead of an hour to kill on that end of town) I would have been WASTED with these little lovelys.So.. if you find yourself down that way, and want to plop in a nice AC bar, and watch, eh, soccer, baseball - or gawd knows what - order up a drink.  They are amazing.
1	There's not much to say about this place. me and my two friends stayed here on a thursday night for 30 bucks. i'll just say you get what you pay for.small room, small shower. the place looked gully, and it almost looks like you're gonna get mugged if you walk to your car.i wouldnt stay here again, ever.
3	As far as the rooms, amenities and pool go I give this joint 2 stars. It gets the extra star because the slots we're loose! I was w/a group of 5, we ALL went home with money in our pockets and hit some good wins! It was a fun novelty to stay in a little part of Vegas history (the Beatles, as well as Marilyn Monroe have stayed here). You can even reserve the Beatles room they apparently stayed in. I loved the old school spacious balconies! Very good for a..... *ahem* smoke.We stayed in the "historic" part of the casino. BUT, you cannot control your rooms A/C... this wasn't too much of a problem regardless of the fact it was 102-104 degrees during the day. Well, not for me. For my roomies, it was. Anyways it is controlled by a "central A/C unit" or something, so basically the casino had control over how much cool air you were graced with. LOL. Let's just say they were a little stingy... this room cost me around $40 a night, so I guess you get what you pay for. But I know of plenty hotels in Vegas for the same price if not cheaper that let you control your own A/C!!! If you sign up for the free slot players blub, you get a cool little free souvenir w/your name on it, ha. The buffet is very big, edible to okay food quality and only $6 w/the card as well.Overall, unless you're a huge Beatles fan or something I wouldn't recommend this place. Unless you can find a use for that balcony like I did.
1	Viva Las Stinky! After a long 8 hour drive to Las Vegas we arrived at the Sahara Hotel which is where the Rat Pack used to hang out back in the day...well Frank, Dean and Sammy are all gone...but the rats are still there! Not really. But man this place sucked. We snagged a great deal through Travelocity but I don't think it's worth it. Our room in the Tunis Tower had a smokey, musty odor and lots and lots of carpet stains. The beds were crappy and the pillows were like sleeping on one little cotton ball. Awful. I could go on and on...We're not picky travelers...but the Sahara was a major disappointment. It was cold and windy during our stay. The pool area actually looked nice and relaxing. It was just too cold and windy to hang poolside. I thought it would be old-school cool but it was just old.
1	Now, I'm all about the old school casinos where you can almost see the ghosts of Dean and Frank, but I'm pretty sure their ghosts have left this building.  Stopped for a minute when we saw $5 BJ, but when we gave the skanky waitress our drink order and she hadn't reappeared in 8 hands, we too, left the building.  As we made our way rapidly to the door, I noticed that many rooms seemed to have a view of the highly sketch path to the monorail.  Sweet.
3	My buddy got married here on Saturday night so thats what this review is going to be about.  I have never stayed here so I cant review it per say.    We came here Friday night to meet up with everyone and hang out.  Gambled a little and didnt win squat.  Had a few beers and bounced back to the Riviera where I was staying. My friends wedding was very nice.  They had the ceremony upstairs in a room...maybe the chapel?? I dont know what you would consider it.....anyways......  As soon as the ceremony was over, they clear everything out and then bring in tables and chairs etc. for dinner.  Dinner was pretty good.  An Italian buffet.  Bomb ass stuffed shells.  They had 2 kegs of Coors Light which made me happy and they had a decent DJ and the staff hosting the thing was cool.  Not a bad place to get married I guess.  Ive seen better, Ive seen worse.  Hanging out with friends I havent seen in awhile, and the overall celebration of the whole thing made it worth the trip out to the desert.
2	We decided to take a 4 night trip to Vegas in October.  This would be about the 7th trip for me.  My friends and I are on a budget and always look for bargains and good deals.  I'm really not too picky about hotel rooms because very little of our trip is spent inside the room.  After searching several internet site for rates on various hotels, we chose Sahara for the budget price and the fact that there is a monorail stop there.  We always use the monorail extensively to travel back and forth along the strip.  It's much less expensive than taking a taxi everywhere you want to go.  So we booked so-called "Deluxe" rooms at the Sahara for about $35 per night.  I had been inside the Sahara casino several times.  The casino and public areas are quite nice, and I expected the rooms to be the same.  Check-in on a Sunday afternoon was quick.  Rooms were assigned on the 7th floor of the Tangiers tower, which is supposed to be the newest of the three hotel towers at Sahara.  After stepping out of the elevator on the 7th floor, I was less than impressed by what I saw.  The ceilings in the hallways were very low and it was kind of dark.  We found our rooms and stepped inside.  The rooms were very, very dated.  The carpet was stained and worn.  The furniture was old and peeling.  There was a chair at a writing desk that had all kinds of stains on it.  The bedspreads looked as though they'd been in use for 30 years.    A small, old television set only received about 6 or 7 channels.The rooms served their intended purpose of sleeping and showering, but I wouldn't even think about trying to enjoy or spend any time lounging in the room.  There was a surprise at checkout also.  This hotel adds a $6.00 per night hotel fee on top of the room rate.  Now this might have been stated somewhere in the very small fine print that nobody ever reads, but it still came as a shock.  So that made the room about $41 per night plus tax. Overall, the hotel room served its purpose, but I don't think I'd stay at Sahara again.  The casino action was fun, but cocktail service left something to be desired (Yes, I did always tip).  We didn't try any of the restaurants there. My experience at the Sahara for almost a week was somewhat less than my expectations.Come on Sahara.  Invest a little money in some room renovations.  You would be rewarded with customers who are more satisfied with their stay and would want to return.
1	I did NOT stay here. I did, however happen to hit up the buffet, the last time i was in vegas... DISGUSTING! Ended up being scared away from ALL buffets, because of this one. And the Nascar/Redneck theme is JUST PLAIN STUPID. YEE-HAW!
2	Stayed here when I was 9 and went to Vegas on a family road trip.  I seriously thought they blew this place up a while ago, cause I haven't really noticed it the 3 times I've been here since I turned 21.  But yeah, I guess they got to keep some of the old school hotels around.  Don't remember much, but I do remember these rooms are very basic.  But this is where I watched porn for the very first time in my life when my parents left the room to go gamble.  So +1 star for free porn channels.  Not sure if they still have that good of a deal and if they upgraded from those turn knob television sets.And no joke, when we were sleeping here one night, I could hear a girl moaning through the walls.  I guess they didn't sound proof the walls back in the day.
5	I've gone every year with friends for a 3-day weekend for the past 10 years.  I am a club member and my stay is usually less than $100 total.  It is "old" Vegas as in literally old (for the strip) and tacky like the old days.  If you want Bellagio, Walk up the strip.  This is a great place to crash and to gamble.It has cheap rooms, cheap food, and cheap gambling on the strip.  If you want to go to a fancy club, get in a cab.  You want to stare at beautiful people?  Get in a cab.  You want an inexpensive place to eat, drink, gamble, and sleep?  You've found it!The rooms with balconies are priceless. There are NO open balconies left on the strip except here.  The rooms are classic cheese.   EVERY room has a burnt iron mark on the floor and comforters with cig burns.  (Who is ironing clothes that stays here???)  I am a moderate gambler.  You can find 5 dollar tables and there are some nice dealers.  You want to pay $15 per hand minimum?  Walk South down the strip.The Nascar theme is NOT classic and thankfully is sequestered to an avoidable part of the casino.  The Caravan Cafe is fantastic - think 1970's truck stop at a Howard Johnson's without the diesel fumes.  A lot of old fat people rave about the cheap buffet; that's all it is is cheap cafeteria food.  Speed the ride is pretty sick.  It is near the buffet and I sometimes like to go on it after I just gorged myself.
2	I really used to be a big fan of the Sahara.  In fact, up until today it was pretty much the place I always stayed in Vegas, but now the love affair has died.To be fair, I really should write separate reviews for the hotel and the casino.  I'll start with the hotel.  The Sahara is pretty much the cheapest hotel in Vegas that won't give you something potentially fatal or disfiguring by coming into contact with the sheets.  If you stay here I reccomend you splurge for one of the premium room.  The standard rooms are just a little TOO beat up.  I mean hey, old school is cool and all, and I figure at least one of the cigarrette burns in the table was probably done by Elvis or something, but man I need internet and other amenities or I'm staying someplace else.  I would give the hotel as a stand alone two stars.Now for the casino.  The Sahara casino has all the charisma and charm of a 67 year old hooker with missing teeth.  It used to be different there.  They used to have $1.00 blackjack tables.  Those tables rocked.  You've never met so many happy people sitting gambling.  There was usually a twenty plus minute wait for those tables.  Anyone with half a brain would have designated MORE tables as $1.00 blackjack tables, right?  You do know what's coming next... they raised the table minimums to $5.  Idiots.  During the week I can gamble on five dollar tables in MUCH NICER casinos.  Why the hell would I go to the Sahara if you're not going to offer me something better or cheaper?OK, so then, and this is the final straw for me, they had this one game of blackjack where you could put another dollar down and if you got  natural blackjack you could push a button and win up to a grand (but you normally only won like five or ten bucks).  It was fun, and once again it filled tables.  So, what do you think they did with it?  Yep, they did away with it.Friggin' IDIOTS.  So now the Sahara is mostly emplty and the people that are there are the 80 year old smoking while carrying their oxygen tank around crowd and people from the 909.  This is why I give the Casino one star.  You average my score for the hotel with the casino and that's how I arrived at two stars.I do hope they redeeem this place, but since they wont I say let's go ahead and implode the sucker before it gets any more pathetic.
1	I stayed here last September with my boyfriend, we'd reserved a queen bed room in advance. NEVER AGAIN. They double booked us so we wound up with some smokey double queen room which lacked in every which way.. I mean I know it's not the best hotel but I can't stand smelling smoke the entire time I'm in Vegas, it's bad enough the casinos aren't aired out. We didn't even get any discounts for the inconvenience. JERKS! Next time if I want to stay at the end of the strip we'll be at Stratosphere the rooms are 10x nicer.
3	I'm going be a bit more generous than my fellow Yelpers..don't worry, explanation will follow.I'm play a dorky MMORPG called DragonRealms (or DR for short).  If any of you fellow dorks (or even people from the 80s) that remember the old Infocom text based games like Zork or Enchanter, then you get the idea.  Game is like that, but a bit more complex.  Anyway, every year DR players gather twice a year, once at the official Simucon at St. Louis and the unofficial/player run convention in Las Vegas.One of Simu's employees Solomon has his birthday in the first weekend of March, so it's good time for him to fly out, go out and eat, check out the strippers and drink until the early hours of the morning.  Oh, we do have a short game forum or it would be just another extented party and not a convention.  I've gone the last four years (twice at the Fountier, which has since been demo'ed) and twice here.Here's my logic for a 3-star review:For starters, our organizer got some pretty bomb-ass discounts for our room rates.  $60 Friday & Saturday and $40 Wedneday, Thursday, Sunday?  Yah, the rooms are pretty beat up (at least my non-smoking room only had a burn mark from a dropped iron right in the middle of the room) but our suite was OK.  Not like I slept much anyway, although I did gamble some and took walks and 30min naps here and there.Sahara is the only casino where you can host a gathering like this and they let you bring in outside alcohol.  The hotel does have a small liquor store on site, but we're bringing up cases of beer, ice, mixers and whatnot, so we're not sitting at the main bar ordering $4.50 beers.When I wasn't with the group, I spent a couple hours in their Abracadabrah bar (north side of the casino, before the NASCAR bar) and had nice pints of Bass or Guiness ($5 and $5.50), which was very reasonable (much better than the gal that ordered an MGD for $4.75).  They also had a $12 50oz (more like 48oz) draft promotion, so you get a nice 50oz-ish of Guiness and a nice big 50th anniversity glass to take home.  If you run into Jay from New York, he's the best bartender in the hotel.  He was also nice enough to find a barback to get boxes for my nice new glasses.Gambling-wise I was down $91 for the weekend, play five sessions of craps.  People were either bucking the point or getting couple rolls before a 7-out.  Thank God I was hedging, but I had a couple tables where the dealers were less than cordial, so no odds bet on point for the boys.  My last table was terrible, as far as the dice went, but I learned a bit more from actual table time than at-home practice.  Hint: when making place bets just give the dealer a stack of chips and tell him what you want....giving exact change slows you down and I lost a couple of key rolls because of this.Another Yelper mentioned the lack of $1 tables; they might have differnent table limits during the day/night, weekend/weekday, but $5 tables on the Strip are pretty much standard...if you're looking for $1 action, you need to go to Fremont Street.So, one star for the beat up room, one star for having our groups own booze and one star for Jay from New York (but he's a five star bartender).
4	Not a bad casino off the strip! You can't go wrong with $3 blackjack and cheap Texas hold 'el limit games. Lots of alcohol flowing too so it makes the poker games entertaining.I played a lot here, and used my comp card. Hope it gets a complimentary room. I'm currently staying free with my folks complimentary stay. Rooms are nothing special but they have pretty nice tow away beds if you have extra guests in your room.  Definitely vegas on the cheap!
2	I am going to upload photos so that y'all know I'm not joking!  I booked a room on expedia.com and drove up to Vegas to meet up with my family.  I got in about 3am...a bit tired after a long drive but happy to be in a hotel.  I love hotels!!!.  Happily there was no line at registration but I dutifully stepped into the "line" until the registration clerk acknowledged me...it took a bit until she finally looked up to my pleasant "excuse me, is this where I check in?"  Ummm....she was unfriendly...almost rude but she would have had to work hard at that so obviously didn't bother.   No "Good Evening/good morning"  No offering up a polite smile.  "Checking out?!?" she said..."umm..no...checking in?"Really just your average or below average underwhelming experience.  So what..this is Vegas Baby...get to your room and lay down...wake up...have a mimosa...all will be well. This is what I tell myself....So I make it up to my room...the carpet was worn and frayed at the door and can I tell you that when I stepped into the room I thought I had gone  into a time warp?  Welcome back to the 80's!  Dirty sheets, ripped blanket..none of the lights were plugged into a socket except the one in the entry...tv didn't work...the list could go on but I think we all have the picture.  Now to be honest...there are worse hotels in Las Vegas for $27.00 per night (oh and a $6.00 booking fee!)  Was planning on extending my stay and not staying with family but ugh..yuck!  Happily checked out the next day...early!  All I can say is that it's cheap...and I'm thinking they're really close to renting by the hour!
3	Take this review with a grain on salt. We(my gf and myself) signed up for a a timeshare presentation at the California State Fair last year with the promise of a free stay in Vegas including airfare. We were given the choice of the Riviera, Sahara or one more hotel that I cant remember the name. We choose to stay at the Sahara. Its a free trip!! We weren't expecting the Four Seasons. It is a free trip mind you. The hotel is located at the far end of the strip between The Wynn and Stratosphere. The hotel room was clean, yet mildly out of date. I was told that there had been some substantial renovation to the property, but I guess new carpeting was not in the budget. The pool was fun with an eclectic mixture of families and middle aged adults.Definitely not the same type of people that go to The Hard Rock Pool. Our room looked out onto the pool and we were able to see the lot where The New Frontier used to be. We played a few table games but spent most of the time down at the more happening part of the strip. If you are lucky enough to sign up for a Tahiti Village Timeshare presentation then do not hesitate. Free airfare and hotel on the strip. You cannot beat that, and if you can please message me with your secret.
3	April '09 was my first trip to Vegas and we got a good deal for the Sahara as the Palms (my mom has stayed there and she loved it) is quite expensive and booked up. I personally was thrilled to be staying in one of the few remaining classic Vegas landmarks. I know that the Sahara was built circa 1952 so I wasn't expecting something that was completely trendy and flashy so to some degree it did live up to my expectations. I have stayed in a Resident's Inn by Marriot that was alot better in nearly everyway than the Sahara but with one exception. The experience and history that the Sahara has packed into it. For the money, I was pleased. And I got to stay in the Alexandria Tower which once housed the Beatles in 1964. I love a time warp and the Sahara gave me that experience.
3	This must be where all the "working girls" cruise late in the evening.  It was like running the gauntlet trying to leave the casino.  They were everywhere, and a couple of them were pretty aggressive too.Had a good video poker session here.  No big wins, but played a long time and left a little up.  The cocktail waitress was actually pretty efficient this time, much more so than last.
3	Ok. Here's the deal. My buddies and I come for a week every year. This property is our choice for $1 dollar Blackjack, decent location, and affordable rooms. This is a 'dude' trip where accommodation aren't that important. One caveat - if you like playing cheap Blackjack this is the place. But they only bring this option a couple a times a year. We go every June and seem to hit this 'special offer' annually. So, if you're booking in the fall I doubt they will have these tables available unless you play between the hours of 4-6 AM. Another caveat is getting your room comp'd. Simply get a players card and play at the tables each night for about $50 buy in. I often would wager $5 when the pit boss was around and then would bump down to a buck when they weren't looking (usually when I was stemming the losses). You could easily put together an hour at the table. Cash out after an hour and VOILA you'll get a free room at the end of your stay if you ask them to verify your points on the players card. We don't bring our wives because we'd then choose a different property. The rooms are a little outdated. You will rarely have a room with a decent view simply by the configuration of the hotel property. The pool is usually clean, you can always find a lounge chair to sizzle beneath the sun (unlike the Mandalay), and they serve Newcastle. This place ain't velvet but more like a soft polyester.
1	When we checked in to the hotel we were given a room that had a huge water stain leaking on the carpet from our room to the hallway!  We open the door and it smells like S%*T and there is an industrial fan blowing on the floor--drying out that mystery leak...Rad! We got a new room.It was during a big Nascar event so it was pretty awesome to people watch. The German Air Force was staying there. They would sit by the elevator and drink beers and smoke cigs in their jumpsuits. They were funny.Overall this place sucks--but is super cheap so whatever. The little store that sells booze and beer had a nice staff. I didn't win any money. I like Hooters better if I'm gonna go cheap!
1	SH*T HOLE of a place! Yes I said it!!! A major WTF of a hotel. It took me hmmmmm 20mins just to check into the place after making on-line reservations. We then get to the room and the freaking lamp had NO bulb!! Good thing is was 10am otherwise we couldn't see and damn thing. We call room service and a guy comes up who couldn't speak a lick if english hands me the bulb and leaves! I was like aren't you going to test it??  The tub holy S had a PATCH on the inside! WTF WTF WTF I was like F that and got another room.POOOOOOR food we only ate it because well it was the only thing to eat at that point in time. STAY AWAY from this place!!LAS VEGAS WHY DID YOU NOT TEAR this place down with the other hotels?!?!?!?!
1	This hotel falls into the category of, "Wow....are you serious?!"  Let me start of by saying we booked this hotel not expecting much.  We got a decent rate and weren't there for the luxuries of a hotel.  That being said, we checked in around midnight on a Friday.  The line must've been about 40 people long and there were only 3 employees checking people in at the front desk.  It took us well over an hour to check in. We finally got checked in and stayed in the "Alexandria Tower".  The hallway was warm and the room was just as warm.  A sticker on the wall above the thermostat read something along the lines of, "Thermostat control does not control temperature.  Only airflow."  It was 85 degrees at midnight and I can't control the temperature of the room???We ended up changing rooms the next day. The next room was cooler but the faucet in the tub would not stop running.  EEK!  It served its purpose but you'd honestly be better staying at the Motel 6.  It's cleaner at least!
5	I guess I should not stay here due to the complaints here, but believe it or not, I really like going here and gambling because of the $1 blackjack and the $1 Roulette on the video screen.  Anyways I like the table games and I am a cheap gambler so making $5 dollar bets and losing it all is not ideal.  I just like going there and losing $100 dollars and not worrying anything about it and making the most bang for my buck.  Anyways the dealers were really nice.  I wonder how that 6 pound burrito tastes like though.  I wonder if it tastes like shit because it is $20.00 for the sucker.  I did not go on any of their rides however. The Nascar theme is really cool and enjoyed it. I think I would go back, but I probably would rate it lower if I stayed there.  But what you pay is what you get hehehe.
1	I last stayed here maybe 3 or 4 years ago, the first time I went to Vegas.  We chose  this place because it was inexpensive...but that turned out to be a mistake.  This hotel is rundown and dirty, and it's also really far from everything else on the strip.  I remember walking around a lot and it wasn't worth it.  It's worth paying more to be closer to everything.  I guess the stratosphere is nearby, but we didn't even go there.
2	I stayed here at the Sahara with a friend who got the room comp'd and it was "okay". I wouldn't pay for it.The check-in lines I noticed were extremely long. I requested a non-smoking room but clearly the room they gave us smelled like cigarettes (especially the bed). Perhaps they were giving us the shaft because it was a "free" room, but I really didn't like that.On the second day while I was in the shower, the water suddenly turned off. My friend called the front desk while I stormed to the lobby to find out what the hell was going on. Apparently, there was a leak on our side of the hotel and all of the water was shut off. Okay, thanks for the heads up guys! The only highlight of that was we got moved to a much nicer room.I enjoy coming to Sahara for the gambling, it's one of the cheapest on the strip but the place is a bit far from the mega casinos so I'd probably stay somewhere else next time I'm in Vegas. Last time I was in Vegas, I got a really good rate at Tropicana which I would take again if I was on a budget simply because it's closer to all the action. I had a rental car anyway because I drove to Vegas, so the distance wasn't a big deal but if I didn't have a car it would have definitely been a pain. I'd probably pick Hooters or Tropicana if I wanted to go hotel cheap next time.I have to agree with other yelpers there is a total lack of $1 tables. I'd definitely would have played more at Sahara, but I didn't see any of these supposed $1 tables my entire weekend! Perhaps it is more of a weekday thing?I ate at the NASCAR bar, didn't care to try the buffet it looked crappy. Food was really greasy.The pool wasn't bad though.I doubt I'd come back to Sahara, ever honestly.
3	This place is good for the money that you pay.  It's cheap for a reason people!!! You can't expect to get super service and accomodations when you are spending $29 a night!This is the perfect hotel when you do not give a rats ass where you sleep as long as it has running water, ac, and a bed.I have stayed here quite a number of times and I will be back.  It serves my purposes and the downstairs casino is entertaining and the NASCAR Cafe is very entertaining as well.
1	Absolutely terrible!!! Does cheap mean that I have to put up with FILTH?? The self-parking garage is disgusting, Footprints on walls and ceilings. DO NOT GO INSIDE THE GARAGE ELEVATOR. 3.The room 2051, was old and disgusting. From a housekeeping standpoint, the room was clean. From a room condition aspect, it was old, worn and outdated. The furniture was old and had many scratches from years of wear and tear. The carpet had many disgusting stains on it. There was an old musty smell to it. STAY AWAY- don't let the cheap prices fool you, or you will come out looking like the fool......like me. )c:
1	Given the choice between sleeping in my car and staying here again, I will choose the former.  That's what I get for planning a last minute LV trip on the super cheap. Only slight positive to my short  weekend haunt here is that I cracked the poker tourney on Friday night and had some winning sessions on single deck blackjack.  The rooms are seedy, the clientele seedier, and they even managed to jack up the room price at checkout with the good old bait-n-switch price quote.  The manager didn't care what the reservation quote said, she insisted on me paying the full amount.  Never again even if they paid me to stay here.
3	Sahara is good place to hold your personal belongings, shower, sleep, brush your teeth, and take a deuce. That's it!
3	The hotel was okay.   My husband and I stayed there on 4th of July 2007.   The room was clean.
3	loves the casino downstairs... hotel was ok...thats all
2	I would consider this a huge motel.  Non-smoking room smelled like smoke.  Rooms dark. Beds uncomfortable.  Fine if you are just sleeping and getting the hell out of the room.Would never stay again unless it was practically free.Also, they get one star for being a monorail station stop.
2	Will not stay at again.At the time, it was one of the cheapest hotels on the strip available.  I paid around $40/night.No hot water heater, no fridge.  UNABLE TO ADJUST TEMPERATURE IN ROOM.  Right away, I needed to call for service for lightbulbs that were not working.  The only pluses were it's considered hotel on the strip, and it's right next to the monorail with easy access to other hotels.  The blackjack tables are pretty cheap as well.  The 2 star was for an overall horrible experience even given the cheap price.  Will not stay at again, even at $15/night.
2	So labor day weekend, I was supposed to spend the night at a friend's house while in Vegas. Night before, she flaked out. Greaaaaat. What to do? Well, we searched through kayak for the cheapest rate during labor day weekend and found that Sahara had the cheapest, or at least decent price for that weekend and its location.Theme: This place is a mesh of Arabian nights, meets Nascar. Yeah, weird huh? Well they have that Nascar cafe randomly in the front along with the random roller coaster. I didn't care so much about the theme.Room: We were lucky because we ordered a 1bed non smoking and the guy at the counter gave us an extra bed for no additional cost. They played well for my buddy Peter S. because he didn't have to sleep on the floor. But the room is what you call janky. As soon as we walked in, I searched endlessly for the light switch. Lo and behold it was on the polar opposite of the room. We were seriously laughing our asses off when we explored the room. Found our smoke detector broken and on the floor. One of our lights didn't work. Our remote didn't work. Great view of the parking structure. One teeeeeeny tube of shampoo SLASH conditioner. Not both. We already expected all of this when we bought the rooms, so it wasn't any surprised.. we were too drunk to care.. and just laughed it away. So I guess it was okay. But had we had planned the trip thoroughly and thoughtfully, we would have never been here in the first place.As I walked down the hallway to where the elevators are, SERIOUSLY, a tile from the roof fell and left a hole on the ceiling. If that tile came close to hitting me.. i probably wouldn't need to gamble to get some money!! But shows you how unreliable and unsturdy the actual building is.I have learned to never go to vegas on a holiday weekend. And I will never resort to coming to Sahara, unless my accommodations canceled the night before.
1	This is the worst hotel i have EVER stayed in. Its more like a motel not a hotel. It was dingy, dirty, run down, looked like a haunted house. Plus the room that they put me in stunk sooooo bad i had to leave the window open the whole time. Not to mention that it didn't even look like they cleaned it after the previous guest that stayed there. There was hair all over the bathroom. Garbage between the night stand and the bed.  I will never book this hotel again. People kept saying for the price you pay its worth it. Well, i dont think so at all. For the price of 30 plus a six dollar charge at the time of check in which equals to 36 dollars i could've booked it with circus circus.  Customer service sucked as well. I waited in line for damn near 35 mintues just to check in . The representative at the front desk didn't seem to enjoy there job. No smile, no greeting, not even a hello.  I would give this place no stars if they allowed it. Horrible place.!   oh! not to mention they put me in a room right next to an ice machine that leeked and caused a flood right outside of my room door.
2	it was cheap, it was clean enough.  the beds were uncomfortable, the non smoking room smelled a little like smoke.  there are no fridges, you can't control the temperature on the thermostat.  it is kinda far from all the action, but has a monorail stop... too bad the monorail costs $5.00 every time you get on it.  oh and the internet is 13 dollars for every 24 hours.  if you are looking for a really cheap place to stay and some really great people watching, its not terrible but the beds at circus circus are cushier and i've heard stratosphere isn't so bad either.
2	Do you LOVE the smell of a rotting carcass coming through the AC vent? How about questioning the cleanliness of the sheets/carpet/comfortor? Is being on The Strip important for your high roller social status, but you don't have the $$$? Well, if so, then this is the place for you to stay whilst in Vegas.Unfortunately, we chose Sahara based solely on price. It is cheap, really cheap. About $50/night for 1 room. Is it worth it? I guess it's okay if you can get really drunk, and just pass out, without taking in the rest of the hotel and room/smells/odors. I was, however, impressed by the pool. It was clean, good sun, and nice and refreshing. Don't get scammed using the monorail if you are with more than 1 person...the taxi is the cheaper way to go.
3	After reading the reviews, I expected the worst.I went in with very, very low expectations.And I was pleasantly suprised!I found this to be on par with a roadside motel.Except this one has a pretty nice pool, 24 food, free booze and $1 blackjack tables.I also enjoyed the monorail stop.  Unlike some of the larger hotels, this place's monorail stop is very easy to get to.  I'd stay here again if need be.
1	the room was free. i feel like i shouldnt complain since i didnt have to pay to stay there but still. im going to. this place is utterly gross. gross, Gross. i left LV with major sinus congestion from the nasty mildewy carpet. and with a rash on my face! due to the slimey water i had to bathe in. which was very inconsistent as far as temperature goes. warm then effing cold then warm. i agree that this place needs to be torn down. G-ROSS.
1	The Sahara Hotel ruined our wedding anniversary.Our wedding anniversary is on Halloween. We chose the Sahara based on its price and the room looked really nice on their site. I had made an advanced reservation over the phone and requested a view of the strip, a king size bed, and wi-fi for the room.We arrived in Vegas yesterday, on Halloween, our 8th wedding anniversary. After 5 hours in the car driving from Orange County, and standing in a 30 minute, 20 guest, 3 employee check-in line, I was furious to find out that they gave away our room. Plus we had checked in early! We were pretty upset and I asked why they did that, and the woman told me that they ran out of rooms. Whatever. So she gave us a new room with double beds and a view of the strip on the 21st floor. They also had not added on the wi-fi like I had asked and we needed to fill out a card for "incidentals", which would be $30 a day... We got our keys and as we headed up to look at the room, we were ambushed by an employee trying to get us to go to a 90 minute presentation at Planet Hollywood for some condo/timeshares they have. He said he would give us $100 cash and tickets to a show. After wasting 5 minutes of our time, I explained that we had just checked in, and we hadn't even seen our room yet. So to get away from him, I told him we'd come back later. He said he wouldn't be there, but because it's our anniversary, he was going to treat us to a magic show at Planet Hollywood, and he handed us a coupon to the show. The coupon expired 4 days ago.We headed up to the room, and the view of the strip was nonexistent. All we saw were tall hotels blocking the view and a lot of construction. The double beds were not very inviting and my wife was not too happy about being up so high. We headed back downstairs to stand in another long line to be greeted by the same woman who checked us in before.We told her the situation and she offered us a room on the 20th floor. How is that any better than the 21st? She said if we wanted a king size bed, it would need to be a smoking room. We reluctantly agreed and she put us on the 7th floor. We got the room at about 4pm and the housekeepers were just walking out of it. There was no view of anything except the parking garage and the Hilton down the street, where we had spent our honeymoon 8 years ago, where we had a fantastic time. We figured this was the best it was going to be, so we headed to the disgusting parking garage and got our bags.We got back to the room, and I took out my Macbook and tried to get online. Everything in the room was unplugged, including the lamp, the TV, and the modem. I plugged everything in and still couldn't get a signal. So I called the front desk where I spoke to a really rude employee who told me I didn't ask for wi-fi and told me it was $12.99 for 24 hours. He then asked me for a credit or debit card. I told him I had already requested it and he said I didn't. I told him I had requested it, and it was for Saturday, Sunday and Monday. He told me he didn't know anything about that, and then he said "Do you want it turned on or not?" WTF is this attitude from all the employees here?! I told him to turn it on, and after 3 more phone calls and 5 more attempts, it finally was up and running.The more we sat in the room, the more we could smell that nasty cigarette stink. Almost everything we had in the room was instantly tainted with that stink, bags, clothes, even our pillows we brought from home. How could a room that was just cleaned by the housekeeping staff stink so bad? I was beyond enraged by now, and we had only been there about a few hours. We were both miserable because of all of this and I had enough. I told my wife pack up our stuff, we're going home.We once again got back in a long line and I told the woman there that we wanted to speak to the manager, but he was walking the floor. I guess a guest requesting the manager isn't too important to even ask why. I told the woman I was checking out and I wanted every single penny back that I had spent in their hotel. After I explained to her everything, she wasn't too receptive, but I managed to get back all the money and have it all put back on my card. Also, no apology from her at all.Heading back to the car, we had to carry all our luggage up 3 flights of stairs because both elevators were now broken.I will never go back to the Sahara Hotel. I hope after reading this review, it helps you make an informed decision on where to stay when you go to Vegas.
1	sa-horor.I rather stay at a motel.The suite is just a regular crappy room, but bigger. I feel dirty even after I showered... There's no "do not disturb" door signs to put on your door, so early in the morning the cleaning lady comes by and bangs on the door and just opens it before your eyes could even open with a big "HELLLLO?!"never again... *chills*I rather spend 500 bucks.
2	first n last time stay here. staff was friendly. room was dirty. dirty used condom sitting on table and house keeping was just leaving the room when i checked in at 4pm. tried to catch her when i noticed this but she was gone, called front desk but no one ever showed up. hotel needs updates they need to send the employees to "how to clean 101" restroom was so dirty i bought something to clean it with. oh n if can avoid going during thanksgiving weekend do it!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! that's how i felt after the 8+ hour drive back to Cali...ive been to vegas many  many times can find good inexpensive rooms, but here ewwwwwww never again
3	The Sahara was known as the playground of Elvis, The Beatles and the Rat Pack not that many years ago. If for some reason you didn't know this- the management has obliged you with lots of black and white photos here there and everywhere of their famous guests of the past.In the 21st century, The Sahara is starting to show its age compared to other newly constructed luxury hotels in Las Vegas, but considering the price differences The Sahara should not be overlooked by the budget conscious.The Monorail stops right across from the Sahara's Paradise road entrance and can take you to the heart of the strip (and beyond) economically and fast. Airport shuttles serve the Sahara at reasonable rates.The Sahara has a very nice outdoor pool and other amenities such as the NASCAR Cafe and Sports bar as well as a cozy comedy club and night club.There are inexpensive dining options nearby as well as fast food if you prefer or are on a budget.The Sahara casino offers the normal slots, video poker and table games and also has a great players club program that can be used for discounts in most of the shops and restaurants in the Sahara.The in-room internet service is provided by Cox Communications and is available for the princely sum of $12.99 per 24 hour usage. Please note that there are other less expensive wireless internet providers such as Boingo that can provide internet service for as low as $7.99 per 24 hour usage. Check the signal strength of the other providers from your room before using the "house" service. If you are looking for a basic, clean and comfortable room in Las Vegas at an affordable price, give The Sahara a close look. If you prefer something newer and shinier, other hotels on Las Vegas Boulevard are more than eager to take your money.
2	1.5 Stars.Run down and ready to leave for Vegas.This used to be a pretty nice place back in the days, but it really needs to go.  The parking lot is ghetto and that is the same for the rest hotel/casino.  We came here to the buffet last year during the winter and they only run at dinner time because of the low crowd.  The ventilation is horrible (my non-smoking lungs got so dried up from all the smoke here!).  They also charge a nice 28$ cancellation fee if you don't cancel before 72 hours of your check-in time.  That's pretty hefty because we decided to cancel only 4 hours after making the reservation!  Oh well, I won't be coming back because I get comped hotel rooms elsewhere.
3	Great price $24/dayI mean who does anything in their hotel in vegas besides sleep anyways. The room was clean. Parking was ok. Shampoos are teeny though.The limits in the casino are great if you aren't a high roller. Staff was very friendly. I'd highly recommend the joint. Just a bit a ways from the heart of the Strip
4	Ok, I actually liked the Sahara. Stayed there last October and plan on staying there again when I go back to Vegas this year. It is not the nicest, but we had a suite on the 18th floor and it was very spacious. Had a living room, a wet bar, nice bedroom and bathroom and a balcony with a FABULOUS view. The casino is big, but not too big that it is a 45 minute trek to find your party in it. The hotel really has everything you need. There was even a tattoo parlor! Biggest complaint was that the pool was absolutely freezing. The water could not have been above 50 degrees. Yes, it was that cold.
1	This place is the armpit of The Strip.The funny thing about Vegas is that you can judge a lot from the condition of the restrooms.   The super high-end places are sparkling clean and have guys waiting to give you hand towels.  The mid-range places are unattended but still astoundingly-clean.  The Sahara had a "Caution: Wet Floor" stand pushed against the urinal, this amongst what looked and smelled like piss on the floor.  Used paper towels strewn all over the place, unflushed toilets with you-know-what inside. I kind of wanted to puke all over the floor, but then again I doubt anyone would have noticed.Okay, glad that's out of my system.  The rest of the casino just looks dingy.  The prevalence of the NASCAR theme inside did a lot to make me really truly hate this place.  The only saving grace here is that they have $1 blackjack but there are some seriously questionable characters sitting at these tables.  It's like they airlifted the largest trailer in the world into Vegas and spray-painted "SAHARA" on the side.Please, do yourself a favor and visit another casino.
3	When I made my first visit to Vegas nearly eight years ago, I ended up staying here due to its location and low price.  The Stardust was still alive, as was Star Trek at the Hilton, and there was still of a "playground" mentality about Vegas.Times have changed, haven't they?Whereas some of my favorite places have gone the way of the dodo in less than a decade, I still retain a bit of nostalgic fondness for the Sahara.  It's one of the last few "original" casinos still left on the Strip, and none of the new places can boast that they had acts like the Rat Pack, Elvis, the Beatles and Liberace.  Not IMPERSONATORS, but the actual real people.  No matter how swanky the new places are, they'll never be able to top that.But that doesn't mean all of that dewy-eyed nostalgia makes me oblivious to the current condition of the Sahara.The place needs a fresh coat of paint, some new carpeting, some better ventilation (read: "smoky"), a little bit of TLC.  Seriously, how much would it kill them to just do some spit and polish on the place?  And then of course, there's the whole "NASCAR" thing, which I never see anyone use, and makes as much sense to the desert/middle eastern setting as armpits would on a banana slug.  Seriously, it's time to upgrade to a more relevant theme.  And maybe it's just me, but the tattoo parlor inside seems like such an odd choice for a casino shop.But I will say for the 3 times that I had stayed there over the years, I never had a problem with the service or my room.  Mind you, this was before I moved here over two years ago, so if anything's changed, I can't comment on that.The rooms are cheap, the buffet is one of the cheaper on the Strip (it's not amazing food, but it's not bad, either), and if you look at the signage on the wall, you can figure out what room the Beatles stayed in (the door frame looks a little different than the others).The Sahara has a very long lived history, and in itself, it's a piece of history.  With the old casinos constantly on the "endangered species" list, with threats of a wrecking ball always looming in rumors and speculation, I don't know if it will see another 50.  Not in the current state that it's in.A little bit of cleaning and restoration would go a long way with the place.  While Vegas is all about trashing its own history without a second's afterthought, I'm of the mindset that some things should be preserved, and restored to their former glory.Bottom line: It's showing its age, and could use a fair bit of care, but it's a cheap stay, and an interesting piece of Strip life from the 1950's.  So take that as you will.
2	I see why people stay here. But it just doesn't belong anymore...it's too old. I mean it, SUPER old. It's got cigarette stains everywhere. It either needs to be remodeled or torn down. Not worth your money, go to Excalibur if you're that desperate.
2	This place was clean and really cheap.  But it definitely doesn't look like they have changed any of the fixtures/carpet/etc since their heyday when Elvis visited! Lots of cigarette burns, smelly hallways, and worn out carpets. Good to stay at if you are just sleeping in the room (clean sheets!) but go somewhere else if you expect anything more than that.
3	My gosh some people are brutal on here! IF you came here thinking it was the second coming of Bellagio then it's your fault not the Sahara's! It is what it is, one of the older hotels on the strip, maybe a bit run down, however, let's take into light the positives;1. Super cheap, I mean I've had car washes cost more then the rate of this place per night. 2. You're still ON the strip, as opposed to places like Rio and Palms or any other hotel off the strip.3. You get a bit of the old Vegas feel. 4. With places like this, that cost so much less then the other big guys, especially in this economy, it will create tactful competition, causing others to lower their prices as well. Let's face it, the money you pay to stay at a hotel is almost pure profit. That's why hotels can comp your room and still take you for a ride. Why not save on your lodging costs and put that towards better restaurants, shopping and booze! If you're planning a romantic get-away with a gold digger you're trying to impress, don't stay here. If, however, you're looking for a good time, and you're on a budget, head on over to Sahara!
3	Although it's definitely no longer glamorous, it serves its purpose! I mean, really, all you do is SLEEP and shower there anyway, and most of the time you don't even notice the conditions because you are too drunk (or should be) anyway. It's on the strip, though a bit far from some of the main attractions. When we walked in, the first thing we noticed was that the floor had burn marks in it from the iron. Pillows were lumpy and stiff AND the ice dispenser was broken. However, it was clean. The people at the front desk were friendly, and check in and out was fast and easy. For $73 on a Saturday night, booked the day of, it wasn't bad at all (we were in Alexandria tower).Overall, for a broke college student only there to party, it's FINE!
1	Very dated Casino, staff at the check in/out desk was extreamly rude, not only to me but to several folks in line. Buffet was closed during our entire stay.  Room was substandard. A/C didn't work in our room. we had to be moved. Come on no A/C in Vegas? We were baking in our room. I'm sure in it's hay day this probably was "The Hot Spot" but those days have come and gone. If your just looking for a place to drop your bags and grab a shower on or near the strip this is your place. If you expect anything more try your luck some where else. You will be disappointed. You get what you pay for here. Very Little.
4	This is a review of the Sahara's poker room.  I've never stayed at the Sahara but I love their poker room.  It's not fancy-schmancy like the Wynn's room but they have a decent number of tables (15) and games going on, $2-$4 with a single $2 blind, $1-$4-$8 ($1-$2 pre-flop).  They have a good tournament too at 11am, 7pm, and 11pm.  It's a $40 buy in for 1500 in chips with an optional $20 rebuy or add-on within the first hour.    The dealers are pretty nice and I've seen some semi-pro's play here.  There's a lot of locals playing too.  This place offers my favorite tournament on the strip because it's cheap to buy in with a good size pot at the end.  Plus there's no smoking.
3	This is the cheapest place on the strip...I won a poker jackpot here in the the poker room so I love this place, they have a lot of good deals and if you book hotels.com and then call the Sahara they will match the price and you don't have to pay the hotels.com service fees and all that muck, plus they have nice big new plasmas on the top floor they just got in about 8 months ago for only like $10 more.....
1	THE nastiest hotel I've ever seen! I'm surprised that we didn't find used needles, condoms and bedbugs!  What we did find (and I'll upload a pic of), a nice blue-green ring around the bathtub and what looked like a little drip of sh*t on the side of the tub.   I ended up switching rooms 3 times, finally I just accepted the fact that the entire hotel is trash and there is no way I'm going to be comfortable if I'm staying here.   If ALL you can afford is a $20 hotel in Vegas, then you probably shouldn't be going to Vegas at all. Just save your pennies and wait until you can afford something a little nicer.     If you were like me and had a cheap boss, I'm so sorry. See if you can possibly make your own hotel arrangements.
1	From start to finish, this was a bad experience.I have stayed there a few times before and while it is not glamorous, it was at least clean but this time was dreadful.My reservation was messed up which caused a delay at check-in, the non-smoking room reeked of smoke, the bathroom was filthy. There was a long hair in the bathroom sink and mildew in various places in the tub. The faucet and other fixtures were dirty also and the floor was sticky.The TV reception was dreadful and when you tried to turn down the volume it would become extremely loud and you needed to turn it off to stop the noise. Breakfast in the Caravan cafe was OK but the service was horrible.The crowd has gone down hill also, as the night got later it became more and more seedy and we weren't too comfortable on the casino floor (especially the party pit).I would not recommend staying at the Sahara and will not be doing it again myself.
4	Great poker room.  Played the 11pm tournament for $45 buy in with an optional $20 re-buy/add on within the first hour.  Although the casino is not nice by any means, it's a great place for cheap tournaments.
4	Anyone who would rate this hotel below a four is an elitist pig. There, I said it. With cheap drinks, access to the monorail and $1 beers hot  dogs and black jacks, this is one of the best deals on the strip. With $20 rooms, how can you go wrong? Especially considering that no beds have been filled with dead bodies or drugs needles, one should go and experience some of the old style, Rat Pack era Vegas hotel.
1	This is listed as a 3 stars hotel. When I think of a 3 star hotel in Vegas, I think of: Bally's, or Harrah's, or even Imperial Palace. Sahara is none of the above. Sahara is so. much. worse.When you walk in, you see gray, heavily stained carpet and you smell strong, disgusting, cigarette smoke everywhere you go. This hotel is so dirty that my husband and I didn't even want to walk around the casino let alone use their facilities (they charge you $6 a day for facility fees, by the way). When we checked in, they gave us a room with 2 twin beds. We brought this to the front desk's attention and they said that they'll "take care of it" and move us to a king sized bed the next day. Next day came and went, I called the hotel 4 times during the day and the front desk NEVER answered. When we got back to the hotel, the front desk told us that we should have checked for availability at 9am, a fact that NO ONE mentioned. I had to wake up at 8:30 the following morning to bug the front desk (again) for them to move us. Our room was a "non-smoking" room, yet the room still reeked of stale smoke. There is virtually no ventilation system and I woke up every morning with a massive headache. The housekeeping busted in on us half naked. She opened the door WHILE knocking. The shower didn't drain properly and I was standing in a pool of dirty soap water by the end of it. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in the United States and will NEVER come back again.
3	Old Vegas with a flare.  Can't beat the old hotel down anymore than it has done to itself.  It's always fun to stay and play at Sahara.  Food is good, if comped.  Especially at the Caravan Cafe.  It's always fun to take in a free show or two, too!  Great location, right next to the tram and just before Downtown Las Vegas.  Must stop by here and check out what the old days used to be like.  Oh yeah, in case you forget you're at the Sahara, just take a look at the cocktail waitresses.  They've been there for at least 30 years.  Remember though, tip well, they'll keep em coming all night long.
2	Okay, the price of a room here is low...but keep in mind that everything else here follows suit exactly: the quality, service, appearance, effort to keep customers happy...all very lowIt wasn't entirely disgusting like some of the small seedy motels you'll find just north of here, but it's just not a place that screams relaxation. Especially when a water main broke, causing our room's bathroom ceiling to spill what we hope was potable water all over our toiletries. Not much was offered in terms of compensation (i.e. free buffet--we're starving college kids, damnit!), just a few beer tickets. Then one of the two elevators allowing access to our ancient tower broke down right as everyone and their mother arrived to check in.This building isn't looking too good on the inside. A major structural overhaul is likely out of financial reach, but funds to at least freshen up the decor would go a long way toward higher guest morale. I'm sure this place was pure swank when it opened over half a century ago, but too many things were uncomfortably off or have been left in disrepair for too long.To be fair, the pool area is nice, wind-free and clean enough. We didn't give the food offerings a try, but the drinks here are plain gross. I'm not sure why this plave deserves a second star. It hardly does. I guess it's the low price...but then again, I can travel not too far down the strip to find an incredible increase in quality for not much more money.
1	Its funny, I just read and article , that Sahara Hotel is offering $1 rooms. Well, From the Dirty car park to the smelly halls. A security guard, sitting in the hallway, (monitoring a electro/ fire alarm box.) Weird, they had the electro box open and a fan blowing on it!..The room, pretty , well , dont bring your black light! So good luck. bring your own sheets, and dont walk around around the room with out shoes.
1	I've stayed here a number of times. It has gone from a 3-star hotel that was cheap and halfway decent, to a kinda sleazy 1-star establishment that is worse than some interstate motels in which I've stayed. Every time I've visited it's gone more and more downhill.First the good: it's got a pool (though it's tiny, it still has one). The rooms are cheap. The tables are cheap. There's a monorail station at the back of the lobby.Now everything else: The rooms are not great. They are in desperate need of remodeling and renovations, and upgrading out of the 80s. Stuff just seems to be falling apart. Dirty fixtures, stained carpets, just generally cheap & unclean. The breakfast buffet is disgusting. Pay a little extra and go to one of the nicer hotels for brunch. The food was inedible. When you can fashion a waffle into a make-shift shiv, you know you're in for a bad time.Room service is expensive, and they charge you for every other amenity. $14 for internet? $5 a page to print out airline boarding passes? What? The last time I stayed there I awoke one morning with bites all over my neck, shoulder, and arms. All they did for me is move me to another room. No upgrade. No apology. That was the last straw. I'm not staying there again. The hotel was bought out fairly recently (in the last 3-5 years or so), and with that I hoped that they'd renovate and bring it back up to its former glory, but it seems like it's just gone to hell.
2	Sahara is the story of why sometimes it's better to take a casino out back and implode it rather than let it fester.  Back in as little as 2005 this casino was a great investment for a room and a little walk.  The monorail, also a better deal back then, could get you up into the heart of The Strip easy.  Now it's just a pale imitation of better times in Vegas, and it feels more like Travelodge than say Bill's Gamblin' Hall.   And that place is next to the Bellagio for the same money!  I loved you Sahara, but you've gotten old.
1	Geez... this place is a shit hole!My husband and I stayed here this week.. we were suppose to stay here for 2 nights ( I already paid for our stay on orbitz) but we checked out a day early.. I'd rather loose the night I paid for then to stay another night in that dump!!It took 5 hours to check in..the lady was RUDE!! I asked to speak to the person in charge and I asked where the hell did that $8.00 hr. making biiioootch get off coping an attitude with me and everyone in the check in line?? He gave me no answer and basically told me to get lost..asshole..Once we finally got to our room, I was dissapointed. It stunk like smoke ( we had a non-smoking room) and the carpet looked filthy! The bathroom was crappy, no water pressure in the shower.. boy, I could go on and on..To sum it all up..I would never stay here again or recommend it to anyone, not even my worst enemy :)
1	My husband and I stayed here the weekend of June 5. We knew it was a cheaper, run down property but we had no idea how bad it was. They tried to save money wherever they could and it was obvious. It was 107 outside that weekend but the air conditioning only worked in your room and on the casino floor, not in the elevators or the hallway to your room. Even the a/c in your room was controlled by the hotel, not you. We were upgraded to a junior suite for free and I would have hated to see the superior room we were supposed to get. The hall to our room reeked of marijuana. In our room there was exposed wiring on two walls, no headboard at all, no clock anywhere. The lamp on the bedside table had multiple burn marks on it. When we arrived on Friday night, there were only 2 people working the check in desk. The line was so long we were going to miss our dinner reservation so my husband fished his nice clothes out of his suitcase and changed in the lobby bathroom. He came out and said the bathroom was disgusting, and that it was of "Gas station quality." This is coming from a guy. The amenities in the bathroom consisted of one bottle of shampoo and one bar of soap, nothing else. The median age of the cocktail waitresses is 45 and the poker room looks like a bingo parlor in an old folks home. You can get a much better hotel for the same price on hotwire. Don't stay here. The property is old and dumpy and the location is a bad part of town. You don't want to be walking around at night there.
2	Stayed here for 1 night as we limited time in Vegas. Its really not a bad spot if you want something cheap and won't be in your room long. Yes, with a cheap place you're going to have some downfalls. The place is old so parts of it look very dingy. The TV in the rooms are straight from the 1995 Best Buy collection. The decor is really dated. My floor smelled like marijuana late one night and early the next morning reaked of chef boyardee products. But really, who doesn't love spaghetti-o's?!?!? To me this is a decent place if you're out and about in Vegas and want to spend money on other things than a room.
2	Poor,Poor Sahara. And Poor, Poor ME for not heeding the advice of fellow yelpers!On our trip home from Vegas we wrote a Haiku for the Sahara:Home Sweet SaharaBlood Stained Floor, Muggy HallwaysGet what you pay for.That about sums it up! Seriously. I fat blood stain on the floor....A little kitchen TV on the dresser, and some dust from the beatles last stay there.Whatever, It was DIRT cheap (emphasis on dirt) and we were probably in our room for 15 hours or so.It is probably one of the only hotels on the strip where you can shamelessly wander around in your pajamas all day throughout the casino....but it's also the only one where everyone else looks like they're doing exactly that as well.The bartender Tim was very kind and helpful....Rick Thomas (ref. Rick Thomas and The Magic of Tigers-Yelp, by me)Whatever, $1 shot was totally not worth the stomach ache it caused and the dollar beers were the only steal for us vegetarians.Pay the 10 extra, per night and stay at the Riviera, I swear. It is a poor man's dream with plasma TVs there.Honestly, in kind of inconvenienced our whole trip...you live, you learn.
4	This review is also just for the casino. We stumbled into this place in the middle of the night, and aren't big gamblers. However blackjack is fun, and the $1 or $2 blackjack was perfect for us! This casino is super divey, I think the $1 beer special was Miller High Life, but if you can appreciate that its a great place to enjoy some low stress gaming!
4	This review is for the casino part of Sahara:I love gambling in Sahara because it is one of the few casinos that still have $5 black jack tables on the strip. Most of the hotels got rid of the $5 and the lowest are $10 tables. However, when you are a college student, you don't really have a lot of money to play $10 or more tables. The dealers there are very friendly and the cocktail waitresses are very fast in bringing you drinks. If you leave your table for a minute, they leave the drinks for you which is very nice of them. A lot of casinos have waitresses that if you leave will just keep the drink because they don't want to serve drinks and not get tips. I would go again and again for $5 tables, especially since I won money.
2	I've been staying here for years, but they've recently taken a turn for the worse.  Too bad.  I dug the location, price, and pool, but... no more.  The place is grimy and overcrowded.  Yet, the thing that bothered me the most is that the pool was dirty and you can't bring beverages from the casino to the poolside.
2	I used to love The Sahara. It was our exclusive spot whenever we hit Vegas. The Sahara was super inexpensive, great to gamble in (low minimum tables, not super crowded, fun dealers), and just generally low key, like us. Plus it has that super retro feeling, like it is still glamorous to be in Vegas. Great times.Oh, Sahara. What has happened? Returning to you, after this 4 years absence, is like running into an old friend who used to just like to "party" but whose life took a serious dive that now requires some kind of 12 step program.Where do I begin?Our "Premium" room? I can't decide which was worse - the smells or the stains. I can't even begin to imagine what we would have ended up in had we not spent the extra money for that room. The shower was a weak little trickle and the beds were creepily low to the ground.Your surly employees (but friendly bartenders) made us feel uncomfortable at every turn. I know we didn't pay a lot to stay here but we did pay enough to not be treated like we were inconveniencing you with our horribly high maintenance requests (can we get a cab? can we have a towel? is there anywhere to get food at 3 in the am?)  I swear the employees know the end is nigh - they just don't give a hoo-ha.They are trying weird things to save this floundering dump. (I felt my heart hurt when I called my beloved Sahara a dump just then.) They put in a tattoo/piercing shop but the cafe is no longer 24 hours; we had to walk down to Stratosphere for late night eats. They put in dollar blackjack tables by the Nascar cafe (in the weird ghost town part of the hotel that gets no traffic whatsoever). They are promoting the hell out of their player's club, too. Everything we touched had a layer of filth on it. Buttons stuck on the video poker machines (all of them - I swear.) and the bar had this sticky film on it that felt like that house we lived in during "college". Not in a good way.By the end of the weekend, we had decided that was our final hurrah with the old girl. It's time to move on. I just don't have time to wash my hands that many times when I am trying to play blackjack. I need somewhere to eat at 4 in the morning. I would like a room where all of the light bulbs work. And I just might be willing to dip into my gambling budget to get there.So long, Sahara. I will be watching with a tear in my eye when they finally dynamite you. But really, I wish some mogul would come along and restore you to the Rat Pack, retro Vegas, original gangster that I know you can be.
2	cheap hotel. very very cheap. you've seen all the reviews below me so no need to emphasize on that but really my room wasn't too bad, me and my boyfriend got a suite for 60$ a night, cheap but decent. not good by any means but whatev we were in the room for all of 7 8 hours  each night for only 2 nights so not to incredibly awful. but probably won't stay here again.on the casino, they still have the 3 dollar tables for blackjack and some pretty good slots.a cute cafe thats good inside of it to. so exactly like the 2 star review states "meh. ive experienced better."
3	Ok, I am a VIP to this Hotel and I will tell you now...this hotel is not for everyone, but for those with a budget. Sahara is one of the oldest hotels with the Tropicana. It does not have the glamor of CityCenter or the Luxury of Wynn Hotels. It may have been luxurious back in the 50s, but were now in 2010. The Sahara Hotel has a very old parking lot and you will notice that you will have to drive through the garage with caution. Our cars are bigger than those of the past. Some cars/trucks will block a lane and one car can go through, while the other waits. Depending where you park, BE WARNED. the north side parking garage elevators are broken. If you enter from Vegas Blvd, those elevators work.I walk in and I used the VIP Line, while there is a long line waiting for their rooms. Unfortunately, they did not have any balcony rooms available. They assign me the Tunisa Towers, Room 806. It is a simple small room. Rooms are just simple. Don't expect too much from this place. Don't expect Paris Hilton or Wayne Brady showing up here.My room was free and free has no complaints. I had no problems and I used it as a backup room. If anyone complains, then you should go pay more for the Wynn Hotel.Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
2	Ah, the Sahara. Its one of the older Hotels on the strip so going into it I wasn't expecting anything spectacular, and I was right. But you really do get what you pay for. As far as the rooms go, we got a smoking room which apparently is in the oldest part of the hotel, and has not had any recent renovations. The furniture was all chipped, but the beds were pretty comfortable. The AC worked great, shower and hair dryer all worked. The only real bad thing about the room was the light by the bed didnt work, but that didnt really bother us, there were plenty of other lights.FOOD:I don't like that nothing is open 24 hours food wise. well thats not entirely true, theres a cafe that serves seattles best coffee and crispy cream donuts and a few other things but thats about it. The nascar cafe was actually very good. The waitresses were kind of rude and frumpy, but the food and margaritas were good. Everytime we were there someone was trying to do the B3 challenge (they have to eat a giant burrito in so much time), so that was pretty entertaining.overall the place was cheap, the people were rude, the machines dont pay crap, and I wouldnt recomend it to someone that wants a luxurious vegas getaway.If however you want a place where you can lay low and crash for a decent rate this is the place for you. If you want to stay on the strip for cheap,  and have easy access to a monorail, and the duece stop going downtown, this place is for you. If your a pothead and you want to be able to smoke in your room but dont want the maids to rat you out this place is for you! (just bring extra towels and dont get housecleaninggg!)ok overviewgood: cheap, nascar cafe burgers,curly fries, and margaritas, monorail access, privacy  ;)BAD: outdated, rude, old waitresses/ other employees,crappy 4ft deep pool, not good for late night munchies, slots dont pay out,
1	'Fleabag hotel' would be a fair description of this one. When I stayed over there two years ago, the lighting in the reception area was hypnotic. What really bummed me out, however, was the dinginess. It seemed the carpet in my room hadn't been vacuumed for days. I also saw spots and fibers on the sheets, too. Well I didn't even wanna think about their sources. Fortunately bathroom was not so bad, but there wasn't any disposable slippers. I called and was told they didn't have any. Seriously?! I couldn't help overestimating the risk of catching some bacterial or viral strain, so I literally sacked out for three days. Horrible experience. To top it off, TV in my room had virtually no signal, and the hotel is about 2 miles away from the busy stretch of the Strip. If somebody you hate is gonna travel to Vegas, suggest him/her to stay here!
3	You know what the Sahara is? It's A-OK. It's a weird, faded, not-at-all classy place where it takes a long time to check in and the dealers aren't hotties and you can walk around the lobby with a tallboy in your hand and nobody cares. The pool is full of friendly rednecks and colorful weirdos, and the outdoor bar has Miller High Life on draft. It's dirt cheap and attracts what my mother would call a "certain element." The lifeguards look like 19-year-old emo punk-rockers decked out in crazy tattoos and piercings. The casino is cheeseball central with Moroccan-themed carpeting and gaudy chandeliers. There's a crazy little club called the Casbah where a live band plays standards, and a NASCAR section that I never even found. The rooms are fine: Mine was clean, cold, and boring. I spent about four waking minutes in there, total.Point being, the Sahara is what it is. It's cheaper than the other places because it's lower wattage and lower grade. It's not for everyone, but if you find charm in chintzy, slightly down-and-out old hotels, it might be the place for you. Years from now, when it's been torn down and replaced by the Miragio MGM Wynndalay Bay, we'll reminisce fondly about back in the day when you could get a room on the Strip for 25 bones a night, in a hotel that had $1 blackjack and $3 craps. Do yourself a favor and get in on this deal while it lasts. The old girl's still got a little life in her yet.
1	By far the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in. We drove through a cloud of black billowing smoke to get to the parking garage. Only one elevator, kind-of worked in the garage the whole time. The lobby carpets had not been vacuumed or shampooed in some time. The front desk staff was rude. The hotel elevators stunk. On our floor, there was a room service tray outside our room that stayed out in the hall our entire stay. We never got housekeeping service, and apparently neither did the last few people who stayed in our room. The beds were stained, the carpet dirty and filled with dust bunnies. The walls were smeared with who knows what? The ceiling above the air conditioner was black, there were cigarette burns all over the place, in our non smoking room! Half of the public restrooms were closed our entire stay. I was overcharged by $6 a day for a facility fee, when asked the Assistant Hotel Manager Shawnena Lincoln first said it was a tax, then it was a resort fee, then it was a cleaning fee and I was going to pay it! I disputed the charges with my credit card. We ate at the Nascar Cafe and their other, cafeteria style restaurant. The other restaurant was never open. Nascar makes up for their horrible food by giving you Tons of it. We had to endure someone attempting to eat their giant burrito right in front of our table. He vomited up all over just as our food arrived! We lost our appetite, they still made us pay. I don't know what happened to this hotel, but man have they lost their way. Management needs to be turned over here!
1	My friend and I checked in on a Thursday.  There was only one person working the front desk.  We get our room keys and proceed to our room.  When we walked inside, one of the beds was unmade with a pair of dirty boxers on top, there was urine in the toilet, and condom wrappers and fresh stains on the floor.  We called down to the front desk to alert them to the situation and, rather than apologize or offer to come to us, we were asked to come back down.When we got downstairs, there were a few people waiting in line to check in.  We approached the bell desk and told him that we had a problem with our initial room and did not feel like waiting again to have the problem corrected.  He scoffed at us and said "there's only one person in line!" as the people ahead of them had already moved up.  Many of the staff members had equally as poor of an attitude: Some of them were nice, but in general they ran hot and cold.  We spoke with a manager who "upgraded" our room to the 26th floor.  I had requested a smoking room, but there were no upgrades available in smoking.  Additionally, he waived the $6 facility fee - my bank statement does not yet reflect this credit back to my account.  Looks like I'll have to make a phone call.Our 2nd room was clean, had a view, and a larger TV.  The rooms were nothing special and the beds were a bit on the hard side, but the hotel did have potential.  The housekeeping service certainly left something to be desired.  We only had our room cleaned once during our 4-night stay - since we had valuables in the room and no safe, we only opted to have the room cleaned when we needed fresh towels.  Unfortunately, wanting fresh towels was asking too much.  Two of the towels delivered to the room were stained with makeup.  One of them was even folded and hanging with the stain facing outwards.  The staff was apparently oblivious to this.  Also, every night we would receive coupons under our door for a local pizza place.  Many of the guests would toss their coupons out into the hallway.  We would leave the hotel at 4 in the afternoon and return as late as 12 hours later.  The coupons would still be in the hallway, which proves to me that no one was so much as doing a sweep of the hotel.Our neighbors next to us were extremely loud and would come in at 3 am or later - blaring music, talking/singing/laughing loudly, having people in/out, and smoking (cigarettes and marijuana) on a non-smoking floor.  Although I smoke, I am going to respect the rules of the hotel.  When I called down to the front desk to complain, they offered to move us.  Not wanting to move again, they instead sent a security guard to the room.  The message was not well received by our neighbors - every night they stayed there was a repeat of the obnoxious noise.  I mean, it's Vegas, go party on the strip... you can take your drinks with you!!  On the last night they stayed, they received a phone call to their room.  It was their friend, Olivia, who works at the hotel warning them that security was, once again, on their way.  Obviously, Olivia does not value her job very much.Our last night in the casino, we saw another hotel guest in a screaming match with a member of the staff.  I do not condone this behavior, however found it quite interesting that she mentioned that there was feces in the toiled when she checked in to her room.  Her and her significant other were also moved to the 26th floor.  Apparently, it is not uncommon for these things to happen at the Sahara.When I initially read the reviews for the Sahara, I did not see anything like what I am writing now.  They did have bad reviews, but I chocked it up to people expecting to pay super low rates for a really fancy hotel.  If you want to stay somewhere inexpensive that's actually CLEAN and cares about their guests, try Harrah's or the Stratosphere - STAY FAR AWAY FROM THE SAHARA!!!
1	Sahara has been good to us in the past. Cheap rooms, decent strip location, plus its right off the freeway. My gf and I stayed again for three nights this past weekend, and WHOA has the place gone downhill. The service has just gotten horrible, they've just thrown in the towel. On Sunday morning the power in our room went out (mind you it's close to 100 degrees outside, and no AC in the room). I called downstairs and they blamed it on Nevada power, and said it would be fixed within the hour. An hour and a half later, I call back, and they say it'll be yet another hour. I asked for some kind of reimbursement or comp, before the words were done coming out of my mouth, they replied with "Oh I'm so sorry, we won't be doing any of that today".So we're trapped in our rooms, we haven't left cause we need to shower at least, especially with no AC, we were sweating more than a priest at a preschool. So another hour rolls by, and FINALLY the lights come back on. I jump in the shower, and I kid you not, the lights go off again. IT'S PITCH BLACK in the shower, greeeeeat! As I finish my shower and plan and exit strategy without slipping and breaking all bones, the lights come back on, but won't stop flickering. Anyways, since the power outage, the AC never worked properly and the rest of our stay in that room was murder. Lukewarm air being pumped into our already warm room. You did us wrong Sahara, and we were on YOUR side!
3	I remember going to Sahara when I was really young.. (like 10) and really enjoyed the arcade there...  As I've gotten older, my interest in Sahara has faded dramatically due to all the luxury and the opulence that other mega casinos has to offer... well, I'm a total sucker for nice things in life such as brands and atmosphere so I nearly completely fade out from Sahara... But during Labor Day weekend since my buddy stays here all the time and he suggested the cheap rates that they were offering, decided to give it another shot.Checking in was good for us because we got there at 5:00AM!  Who in their right minds would be up at 5am to either check in or out right?  So there wasn't any lines and we were taken cared of immediately... (Not the case in the morning as the line is probably as long as any Disneyland rides during summer!)  Got to our room and was nothing to be excited about...  (Again the snob in me was spoiled rotten after stays at Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian, Aria, etc...)  Thin walls where we can hear people walking upstairs, people talking next door, etc...  Cold looking restroom floors with simple amenities which is not there to impress anyone...Beds were double twins so it's tiny for guys!!!  (Hey, we figure we are just crashing for the nights since we wouldn't be in the hotel much anyway), and the TV didn't even work.......Hallway was dingy and not impressive at all, and get this... the clerk said that they gave us an upgrade, which was a "semi strip view" (which over looks the empty lot right across from the Sahara and nothing else), but the actual room amenities have been downgraded because my buddy said that they had some better rooms... sheesh.... some upgrade they offer here....So overall the stay was simply just a stay... nothing impressive or exciting to talk about except that for Friday/Saturday it cost us $130 with tax for a holiday weekend.... so for those cost-centric people who don't care for the luxuries, this would be a great place to stay...One more positive note!  (Gotta give props where it's due) it's their famous $1 blackjacks!  They had $1 blackjack tables (7 of them) going all day and closes at 2:00am.... so expect a more young crowd there because it's cheap!I would stay again if it's a holiday weekend and I'm dying to be in Vegas, otherwise, I probably would skip and just take the monorail and visit Sahara to gamble instead....(They just held their $1 room today so that would be a great deal... do sign up to their facebook page if you are interested in getting those types of deals!)
4	Me, my girlfriend and several co-workers wanted a cheap weekend in Vegas.  So after a 39 dollar flight on a budget airline, we paid somewhere around 25 a night for a room.  Yes the casino is older, yes the location isnt the greatest and yes, it's  nothing fancy but here are some of the reasons i gave this hotel a 4 star rating.  While the location, in my opinion is located at the worst spot on the strip, the monorail has a station there making the rest of the strip very accessable. After coupon we paid 21 dollars each for a 3 day pass.  I'm one that hates to pay high prices in Vegas for alcohol and I'm always on the lookout for a well priced beer or drink.  The Sahara was running a special of $1 Miller Beers, $1 hot dogs and $1 kamakazees in a mini shot glass you get to keep,  Its not well advertised so you may have to ask the bartender about it if they are still running this promo.  I really liked the pool. Nothing fancy but it wasnt over crowded and a nice place to relax and catch up with friends in the sun.  The staff was friendly and allowed us to check in early  with no problem. Not many choices for good places to eat but everything else was 15 minutes away via monorail.
4	This is a rating for just the casino, not the actual hotel.  I would never stay in a place like this lol...Anyway... this place draws me in every visit to Vegas.  Why?  $1 blackjack!  24/7!  Great place to go to play some cards after losing your life savings at the bigger name casinos.  I come here to chill.  Playing some cards, free beer (well, $1 or $2 tip for the waitress, but still), and usually people are just chiller at the tables.  They know its only a few bucks they lose every hand if you mess up.  I know one of my buddies was a blackjack noobie and when she messed up the table a couple times, people didn't just get up and leave or yell at her.  They explained to her what she needed to do.Anyway.  Like I said, I got here for cheap cards.  Chill people and the booze makes it even better.  Oh yeah, the dealers are usually much chiller as well!  More talkative than other casinos' dealers  in my experience...
4	$1 tables. $1 blackjack. $1 roulette. $1 kamikaze shots (really mini shots). $1 hotdogs. They must expect everyone to be drunk when they order the hotdogs because they have the strangest gray tint of any hot dog I have ever seen. They also have no flavor. You have to put a pack of mustard, ketchup, and relish on them just to make them palatable. My friend said they tasted like ass but she ate it anyway. It's never good when you eat food and hope you don't get sick from it. Had a blast playing roulette and even walked away a winner.
3	If you have stay on the strip cheap, I suppose this is the place to do it.  It's so dingy, run down that it was ruining the Vegas experience for me.  However, once you get to the room you'll find it spartan but clean and adequate, strangely better maintained than the rest of the hotel itself.  That's why they get 3 stars instead of 2.  ps.  I appreciated the laminated notice sheet telling me calls were not free and I could get a free needle disposal box on request.  lol
1	I used to stay here in the past but not anymore. They cut way back on a lot of things like quality of service for drinks and cocktails. Forget the buffet they don't have one anymore they expect you to fork over money to eat shit at the house of lords. This used to be an alright place to stay but not anymore. Better to go stay else where.
3	Recently stayed here with the BF for three nights.  How did we end up here?  All thanks to travelocity.com and its priceline-like deals.  I like doing hotel reviews in a list style, so here it goes..Plus:-Super cheap!  I think we paid $20/night.  - Just clean enough for you to feel comfortable enough to rest your head on the bed.  -Vegas monorail stop at the hotel.  Super convenient.  Also, it's the last stop, so there's really no way you can mess  up and end up going in the wrong direction (I can't tell you how many other passengers we'd end up riding with who all realized after the first stop that they were going the wrong way).  -Super cheap gambling.  $0.25 roulette machines.  $1 blackjack.  -daily slot machine tournament.  hilariously fun.  free to enter if you join their players' club (which is also free to enter) -daily $1 specials:  $1 shots, $1 hot dogs, and $1 beerMinuses:-Definitely more run down than the other casinos.  You notice it the moment you step inside--the air in the Sahara isn't as circulated as well, so you are instantly VERY AWARE that smoking is allowed indoors.  Versus, say, only moderately aware. -The crowd isn't great eye-candy.  When you're at, say, the MGM or what have you, you can take a look around and see how glammed up people are.  Here, at the Sahara, they're more low-key.  It's not unusual to see people walking around in unflattering sweatsuits. -The food.  Not fantastic at all. -The last stop on the monorail.  One of the farthest from the strip, yet somehow still considered to be on The Strip casinos.  Anyways, would I stay here again?  Probably not.  I'd definitely want to stay someplace a little closer to the other casinos.  Would I come back here to gamble?  Heck yes.  Despite all its flaws, the Sahara is still a fun little casino to spend time at.  It's like going to an awkward work-related party--you want to go because you know it'll be good food, strong drinks, and maybe you win something..but you don't want to stay too long because hey, it's a work party.
1	woooooohaaa...  So the maid cleaned our room... cleaned out our room...  Those $4 bottles of water from the lobby.. you know the ones that weren't even opened yet.  Yeah those.. thrown away.  I called the front desk, twice they hung up upon answering, finally called housekeeping, they transferred to front desk, they put me on hold for 10 mins, Sam (a manager) puts me off and says he will call housekeeping to see if they still have them... WTF...  Calls back and says if I will come down to the lobby he will get me a coupon for the gift shop.   I explain I'm in my jammies... how about bringing them to me considering you threw them away.  Oh... I'll call you back.   Then it's not possible to do that.  Our room service is closed, (at 8:00 p.m.) You gotta be kidding me.... what a joke!!  30 minutes later.. I guess I am getting dressed to go get water that I already bought at outrageous prices...   Oh and the rooms are old, not that well kept, the beds aren't great, I guess you get what you pay for but customer service wasn't in the deal!!
2	Stayed at this place for a convention and  it was the cheapest place i could find so i stayed here.  As soon as i walked in the lobby i realized that this place hasn't received a decent overall since the 70s.  Walk into the elevator to find the yellow carpet halfway up the wall.  Walked into the room and it was decently sized.  Turned on the air conditioning and it sounded like a 747 was taking off.  Eventually had to sleep with the window open cause street sounds were way quieter then the sound of that ac.  Its at the very end of the strip the only thing farther was stratosphere.  Its convenient if your going to the convention center cause its only like 20mins walk from there.
3	This review is a little late I stayed the last weekend in September...So I actually booked a room through their facebook promotion, $1= 1 night and literally only paid like $1.22 or something for a Saturday night. I had made reservations at a fancier place for Sunday and Monday nights. First of all let me say this the 3 stars is mostly for the parking. I know Sin City like the back of my hand and NEED a car to get around. That being said the parking for the guests of the Sahara is far and pretty shady looking. I expected to be encountered by a Gotham City villain any minute...Check-in was a breeze I waited like 2 minutes at 10pm to be helped by a super perky male wearing some lovely smelling lotion. Mr. Smelly lotion wearer was very very friendly, however when we went up to our room in the Tunis tower it was obvious he had given us someone else's room (luggage, clothes, makeup etc). Now at this point some of you may have behaved differently but I was all smiles when I went down, had my hubby stand by our luggage, (somewhat awkwardly since mine is bright pink). So I go to inform my buddy that I believe he may have given us another guest's room but not to worry I wasn't going to make a big stink we just wanted any room that was unoccupied (I said this quite seriously not sarcastically). He apologized profusely and gave us a new room in another Tower (Alexandria) and sent us away. First of all let me say the ride up to the room was much different than the ride up in the Tunis elevator (the first notable difference was the elevator, not shabby or empty and semi-dark , filled with decent looking folks and well-lighted). I thought it was funny that groups of these semi-young club goers were going into the rooms next to us (like really 4 girls to 1 small bedroom hmmm a little suspicious?) But alas we get to the corner room and it is a 3 room suite with a living room/ bar/dining area, (balcony- view was awesome), powder room, bathroom, and bedroom.Very very cool....So the hubby and I get freshened up and head downstairs. The karaoke taking place was pretty entertaining and we drank to our heart's content while gambling very little on the penny machines. The whole vibe of the place was pretty chill. I would go again but not to stay in The Tunis Tower.
4	Dollar Blackjack...Wah?! I'm thereThe dealers are ornery but I don't care.Everyone says this place is run down but I don't think so.  It seems good to me, maybe a bit dated with their decor, but I'm here to gamble and get drunk.  Who cares what it looks like?I always win so every time I'm in Vegas I come here for a bit to make me some money.*rubs card on nipple*I always end up paying for the gas because everyone else lost :(*shakes fist at Vegas*I got super drunk one time and peed in the corner...and then ran away.Sowwwwwwrrrrryyy
3	I didn't stay here but did gamble in the casino.  Yeah, it is pretty ratty looking but because it's at the end of the monorail (going north I think) and a short walk from the station to the casino, it's worth taking a trip back in time, away from the center of the action, and gamble cheap.  Personaly, I don't see much time left for this place before it implodes the others from it's time - the Sands, the Dunes, the Stardust - did.  Enjoy it while you can.  This is really the only relic from the old Vegas Strip left.
3	This review is for the theatre only:I came here last night for a benefit performance of Rick Thomas and Esteban for the Make A Wish Foundation.  The stage is quite large which makes a large production very easy here.  While neither Thomas nor Esteban have such a large production, they make the space work.  The theatre itself is wide but there aren't many rows.  Unless you sit in the balcony, which is generally closed off, you'll have a good view wherever you sit.  My seat was in the first row, stage right, and I had an excellent seat even though I was off to one side of the stage.  No one was in front of me and I could stretch out without worrying about my feet.
2	You get what you pay for. I browsed hotels from priceline.com and found this hotel to be a lot cheaper than other hotels around the same area. The rooms were so,so... i just got the regular room with king size bed. i hate that they dont have any free bottled water. they only have an ice cube machine located at the end of the hallway outside the room. they dont have toothpaste and toothbrush inside the bathroom (coz they want people to buy stuff from the giftshop in the lobby). If you're looking for a place to sleep (like you dont care about how the room looks) then you can definitely book a room here, but if not, you better go somewhere else.
2	One of the older hotels and casinos on the strip. As far as the casino goes, it has all the games you want to play. As far as the rooms go, they're forgettable. But for me this place works because I don't need anything fancy. I essentially need a place to store my luggage, sleep and bathe. For the price it cant be beat. You can usually get a room here during the week for $26.00 a night. I mean come on that's spectacular! If you want a basic place on the strip to stay, this place works out just fine.  I will say this though, this place is great for a family stay.  It has a huge arcade and several amusement rides for the family, so that is a definite benefit of your stay.
2	The Sahara Hotel can be fun. Seriously.There's the $1 black jack tables, creepy Beatles tribute bands, and karaoke nights at the Cantab Lounge that are unflinchingly hilarious (and depressing). Some of the rooms have nice views of the mountains. The praise ends there.Don't expect the internet to work, and try not to walk around alone. Once, I waited for forty minutes for the elevators to get fixed... all while fire alarms blared and old women continued to fill the penny slots without delay. If the shower in your room sounds like it's going to burst, that's how you know the hot water is working. Avoid the buffet. The steakhouse isn't too bad.Have fun!
1	The absolute WORST place to stay in Las Vegas. If you visit their website, ignore all the photos. Total dump. Although I've won money in their casino, even the casino and the rest of the grounds are terrible.Stay anywhere, but here.
4	For the price..this place is perfect. The dollar beers and hot dogs are a huge plus as well. You can get nice and drunk for cheap! They also recently added a tattoo parlor..interesting. I love this place for it's history..only hotel in Vegas that the Beatles ever performed at. All the great vintage photos of Dean Martin and the Rat Pack..again nothing fancy here ( except for the new parlor ) but its perfect to me.
3	Probably not the best hotel you can stay in on the strip, but super cheap if you're a college student and broke.Stayed there for my bachelorette party including my best friend's bachelorette party where it only cost $30 a night (thanks to Expedia) and $50 on weekends.Great place for gambling though if you're not a high roller.  They have dollar blackjack, where you can stay for hours just playing off just a few dollars.They also have a HUGE burrito that you can share and get a name on the wall if you can finish, but quite honestly almost seems impossible. I think that Adam from Man vs. Food tried finishing it and didn't even come close.
2	I'm amazed to think that I was not just once but twice. Yes this place is $200 when CES is around and somehow, we paid for it. Now thinking back, Vegas is mostly about the people you go with and I didn't entirely have a terrible time when I was here, but there was one thing I could never let go of.Their elevators have holes. Yes there are cracks in the plates that hold the elevator together. The walls, you can see through them to the tunnel!!! The elevators are so old, I seriously thought my life was in danger. Imagine always wondering if you were going to fall to your death every time you  try to go up to your room or down to the strip ... not exactly fun times.This is a cheap hotel, the rooms are old, smelly, the beds are really hard, and you feel icky, like a motel, but perhaps I can see even some Motel 6's might beat out this place.They have a nice cheap champagne buffet on the weekends, which is good for champagne and that's about it, but really, do you want to subject yourself to the terror of staring at the tunnel? On the plus side, it's close to the convention center. Kind of.
2	Our room was clean but it was definitely not the best place for the money.  The hotel really needs some remodeling and TLC.
2	This place has seen better days.  They had the opportunity to implode this thing and start from scratch in the late 90's....instead, they chose to renovate.  Now, it's just a shell of it's former self.....always has that "empty" feeling to it, unless there's a citywide event that sells out the city.The casino is tired and the restaurants are just ok.  The best thing about it is the roller coaster.Overall, I wouldn't recommend any of my friends to stay here.Return Factor - 10%
2	The Sahara is definitely one of the jankiest hotels I've been to in Vegas.  Everything is really run down and dirty (even the doors are sticky...yuck!).  The bathrooms are icky and nothing is automated.  I would give this place 1 star except for the fact that they have $1 blackjack all day.  Unfortunately, all the $1 tables were packed when I went with my boyfriend and we ended up playing at a $5 table and lost.  I even lost on the slot machine that I was on a roll with at the other casinos!  What a waste of $60...I'm definitely not coming back again =/
5	The Sahara.This is the oldest place on The Strip right now. The Beatles stayed at this very hotel, as well as playing at it. The Rat Pack used to kick it here (their other haunt, The Sands, long gone). The 3 towers were among the first highrises on The Strip (and used to be great examples of architecture before unnecessary ornamentation was added in the late 90s). It's closing on May 16th, 2011. Let's cross our fingers and hope that somehow, someway, this place is saved.
5	Rest in Peace Sahara -- We will all miss you :(May 16 and The Sahara is closing, sad day.The Sahara had history, $1 shots, beers, hot dogs, and blackjack.A number 1.We love you Sahara :D XOXOXO
4	Went back again, and it did not disappoint! No suite this time and the rooms are not the best, but for some reason I like the Sahara! They could use more dining options and one day the pool bar was closed because the bartender didn't show up. We just went to the pool at TI, which is better anyways. No one understands why my sister and I prefer to stay at the Sahara but it is so much fun! Dollar tables during the week! I also won a ton of money last trip :)
1	Wow good thing they are closing it. I have stayed in Motel 6's that were nicer.
5	Sad its gone!  I never stayed here but I always had fun playing Poker or cheap BlackJack.  I am just bummed that another part of Old Vegas has disappeared.
1	I came to see it 1 last time before it closed and now I am glad it is closing. Rude workers , dirty everything,  and just not worth your time.
3	Ok, so this place is a relic, a dinosaur, a blast from the past.  In a time when you can't hardly find anything more than 25 years old in Vegas, this place holds the historical key to the city.  It is the OLDEST standing hotel on the strip.  It's been featured in the Oceans 11 movie (the Arabian-esque theme is their specialty).  Now, the actual hotel rooms are fairly dumpy, definitely a 2 star status and the casino itself is in pretty serious decline.  But, this legend is closing down in May - come and get a piece of history before it goes.  Get some pictures, some chips from the casino if you collect those and bask in it's 50s Vegas glory before it makes way for lots of dust and some new monstrosity that will take its place (sniff sniff).
1	The word dump doesnt cover it.The place smelled of carpet deodorizer and lysol.  No fridge, broken knob on the thermostat, all night leaking shower.  Really?  $120?Lower budget shouldn't mean run down - it was like a vagrant hotel.There is no reason to stay in this place.
2	So we stayed here after deciding to come to Vegas on a whim. I don't have much to say about it considering my boyfriend and I basically used the room to change, hold our stuff, and we didn't come back till the next morning to pick up our stuff... What happens in Vegas, well, you know the rest. Anyway, this place is OLD. But it's kind of charming to see something old school amidst the shine and glitter. It reminds me of when I used to go to Vegas as a child w/ my parents and grandparents. I don't know if I'd stay here and actually sleep in a bed only because I don't know how clean it is. It's just so old so as far as upkeep goes, it's pretty... Well, I'd compare the rooms to a motel you found on the side of the freeway. No actual restaurants in the place (at least I don't think). And the tattoo shop said they were open twenty-four hours but when we went in at 3:30 in the morning to get our tattoos done, they were closed! So we had to take a cab to one that was open... Hehehehe.I like the location. It's a quick $8.00 cab ride to just about anywhere on the strip. And they have that monorail stop there so that was convenient for the morning after when my feet was just not up to walking anymore and we didn't want to bother with a cab. The monorail is a real nice way to bounce around and sight see the town as well. Overall, kinda sad to know the Sahara will be no more in May, but it's certainly has it's fun... I'm sure.
5	Review is for the casino, not the hotel.It's a shame that this place is shutting down. I came out to Vegas for my bachelor party - an epic 3 day bender. My buddies and I love playing blackjack, and the allure of $1 blackjack tables made us make the trek from where we were staying, the Imperial Palace, up here. It was well worth it.  For about 5 1/2 hours myself and two friends played countless hands of blackjack, had about 10 free drinks each, and between the three of us we'd only lost about $40.  That's a bargain for the amount of fun we had.After this place goes, the award for the lowest blackjack minimums on the strip will probably belong to Circus Circus. We spotted a few $2 and $3 tables there. What's really a shame is that one of our dealers told us they'd learned the casino was closing on the evening news. What a piss poor job of casino management ...
1	I am not impressed at all.  We came to Vegas for a seminar and stayed here because of the price.  We paid way too much, even at around $60 something a night.  The place is old, not upkept at all.  You can tell they don't care anymore because they are closing.  It's dirty, smelly and a lot of sketchy people.  We just came back to our room and only 1 bed was made and nothing else was cleaned or done.  They only allow you 2 extra pillows per room and the pillows are horrible.  The bed is one of the most uncomfortable beds I have ever slept in, I have slept better camping lol  The pool was closed, the food choices are horrible, the only decent thing is the $1 blackjack tables (that is if you can get a seat)  Really, don't stay here.  Not cool.
2	This review is for the hotel, not the casino... since I don't gamble... :P haha. What can I say? Hubs and I stayed here while we were in Vegas from Feb 2nd-5th, 2011. We stayed on the 10th floor. For Wed and Thurs night, it cost us $22/nite, for Friday nite, it cost us $55/nite. With tax and everything, the total for the hotel bill was $124 (they charged us for a $8/nite "resort" fee, which I'm assuming was for the gym, pool and phone?) The parking structure is kind of tricky to get to for the hotel if you don't know where you are going. The parking lot was kind of sketchy, so hubs parked by other cars close the the elevator, and made sure NOTHING was visible to the curious eye. One of the two elevators from the parking structure to the ground floor to the hotel was broken the whole time while we were there. The elevator was sketchy as well... looked like it was going to break down on us most of the time. When you walk into the lobby, it immediately smells like greasy food. Not pleasant. But whatever... We checked in fine, no wait at 5:00p on a Wednesday night. The room we had was on the 10th floor, the view was really nice :) The floor we were on was really quiet, and I don't think we saw a single person in the hall way the whole entire time we were there. The room didn't smell, which was a total plus for us :) We had a king sized bed, and the sheets were clean so that's all that mattered. The bed wasn't the comfiest, but we still got a good night's sleep on it. The bathroom wasn't very well ventilated, so it kinda sucked when we showered. All in all, the room was really fine for what we were hoping for. We could tell that they didn't really care about the appearance anymore... and I just found out that they were closing in May of 2011, so now I understand why. We also mosied our way to the place with the $1 hot dogs and $1 beers. The hot dogs were tiny and dry, and the beers were Miller High Life beers... it didn't look like a full sized bottle. So, unless you are already drunk, I would recommend you stay away from this place, or you will be disappointed. Conclusion: We got what we paid for, and we were not disappointed. :)
5	Alas, I have heard the sad news...the strip is losing one of it's classic ladies.. True, she was showing her age a bit. Out-shined by many of the younger ladies (some of which are starting to show their own age), but despite a few bumps and blemishes managed to retain enough of her former and once legendary class to remain in business long after most of her contemporaries bit the dust (literally). A notable mouse's former transit system was once thought to be her savior and as was a brief flirtation with stock car circuit but unfortunately all things must pass. Yes, she was one of the casinos Frank, Dino and Sammy hit in the original "Ocean's Eleven". I shall miss cheap blackjack on the strip. I shall miss one of the few places in the desert that I could actually enjoy a cold Abita Purple Haze (remember the "Party Pit"?) I shall miss the glass encased statue of a camel that dated back to the early days of the property. You have until May 16th of this year to pay last your respects, play your last $3 hand of blackjack on the strip, or experience the excitement of rolling a seven as you come out for the last time. Though I never actually spent a night under her roof I did spend many hours (and quite a few dollars) in her formerly festive casino. I never broke bread in the House of Lords but I did have my very first Red Bull and Vodka while seated at one of her gaming tables. Yes, I will miss her. Let's raise a toast one last time. May she live on in our hearts, minds, and Neon Graveyard forever!
3	My husband and I came here to say goodbye and to get a magnet to remember this place by. (Your better off finding one across the street) The Sahara has sentimental meaning for me and I'm sad to see it go. I used to come here with my family on many trips to Vegas during my childhood. I remember one time when we were walking out of the Sahara and we were passing the Camel Statues and this drunk guy kept yelling "Look at me " ..."Look at me!" He puts his mouth right on the camels privates! It was funny ....and I still remember it to this day! ..Good times. My husband and I had no luck finding any souvenirs here the stores were practically barren. I know it's a bad idea to gamble in a place that's closing down but we just got there and didn't want to leave right away. We should have left ! We lost like $80.00 in 10 minutes. My husband was grumbling on our way out ..."I'm glad this place is closing down". We left there empty handed ...no money and no magnet ....no bueno.
2	Cheap tables, check.Low weekend rates, check.A casino an equivalent to a dive bar (sketchy people included), check.Having a crappy restaurant where you too can take on the "burrito challenge" and be the envy of your friends (including Mr. Toilet), check.Being awaken at 4am due to a faulty fire alarm, causing everyone to run down 14 flights of stairs (elevators don't work), then having no one to greet you at the bottom nor anyone telling you what to do or where to go - check!  RIP, Sahara - you will be (sorta) missed.
4	I went to vegas a couple of weeks ago so have some reviews to catch up on.  It was really hard between 3 and 4 stars on this one, but I went for the four.  Please understand that this is old vegas, it's not the new posh hotels but it gets four stars because its clean, the staff was nice, the buffet was cheap, and they had $1 black jack!  How awesome is that, so me and the finace drank like fish while playing $1 tables, and we broke about even but made out on the booze.  So yeah, it's not the nicest place in vegas but it's not the worst, and the room was under $50 a night!
2	Thank god this place is closing because this place is sad.  The only redeeming amenity this hotel offers is that the monorail stop is here.
3	I'm sad that Sahara is closing its doors. I have fond memories of this place, singing karaoke and playing $1 blackjack until the wee hours (or, you know, until dawn).It's unfortunate that the Strip has lost so many of its classic casinos and the Sahara, while a bit shabby and definitely not as a dazzling as the newer casinos, had glory in its day.  It still holds that vintage Vegas charm for me.I never stayed here, but I spent a lot of time on the casino floor. I'll miss playing Mr. Lucky's Fortune Cookie, one of the few places you could still find that slot machine (that I know of).RIP in advance, Sahara. I should pick up something to remember you by.
3	I am an elitist pig who is reviewing the Sahara at 3 stars.  It is the perfect blend of ghetto and high-brow.  If you know what you are getting, the Sahara can fit the bill perfectly.I am shedding a tear for its closing (in 5 days) but am hopeful that they will reopen it when the economic times are better.  However, I cant decide whether they should tear down and re-do the towers or try to remodel the existing structures.  People are just gonna want bigger rooms.Here's what a revamped Sahara would have going for it;- Excellent location at the north end of the strip.  - Monorail station- Reputation/history- Near the new sports arena and convention center- Close to the "Gentleman's Clubs." Good-bye old Sahara, and here's to new potential.
5	Honestly, it doesn't really matter what I write here.  In a few days, the Sahara Casino, a 59 year old Vegas institution and the last of the "original" casinos is closing its doors.  It doesn't matter if it was amazing or a total dump.  In fact, I've argued with many that cheer its demise because people confuse "original" and "older" as being synonymous with "demolish fodder".  And to be fair, it's a little of both these days, but it never should have reached the point of these last few hours.Instead, I'll write about my experiences here, and what the Sahara meant to me.  2002 was the first time that I ever stepped foot in this city as a tourist, and it was the place that I stayed in.  I clearly missed to the "Golden Days" when the Rat Pack, Elvis, Beatles, Liberace, and so many  vintage stars graced the locale.   I clearly missed all that, as the bitter and entitled pointed out to me, but I didn't miss its value and history. I still periodically stopped by the Sahara from time to time.  I got excited finding the (still to this day) preserved Room 2344 in the Alexandria Tower where the Beatles stayed.  When I moved here and was at times broke, I ate at their buffet.  Not the most amazing food in the world, but it definitely had its place in that time of my life.Two months ago, when I heard that the Sahara was closing, I decided to really give the old place a real chance.  I bought a few souvenirs before fans and eBay scavengers picked the place clean.  At an unofficial Yelp event, our group tried their crazy fast rollercoaster.  I spent years scoffing at their NASCAR Cafe, only to discover that they serve a delicious hot open faced turkey sandwich.  In retrospect, I guess the joke was on me.  I even ate at the House of Lords, and was treated to exceptional customer service.  Even just last night, the missus won over $300 on slots there.  SBE purchased the place in 2007.  I hoped they would recognize Sahara's rarity and renovate it, because it needed work: New carpet, new wallpaper, new paint, a better ventilation system, non-scary elevators....  But none of it ever came, and over time, some of the eating places closed down months before the announcement.  Considering Vegas' disregard and total lack of interest for its own personal history, I figured one day they would just kill Sahara off and leave it an empty lot with other "legends" such as the Stardust and the New Frontier.I've heard that in 2014, something will be put in its place, but it won't be called "Sahara".  Instead, it will invariably be yet another trendy corporate created venue that will tell an all too receptive public that this is the place that they will HAVE to frequent in order to be "cool" these days.  And people will (already) eat it up for the same celebrities who are famous for simply being famous, repetitive music and overpriced drinks you can get at every other venue on the Strip.  Modern progress.   If you can't Twitter it, it's not worth the time.But this is it: The last of the originals closes its door.  I'd like to believe that one day, people will come to understand the value of what these old places meant.  Sahara housed LEGENDS.  Not the impersonators that people can pose for a photo op with these days, and certainly not wannabes.  If not for those "firsts" that populated this once remote desert oasis, Vegas would probably not have been much bigger than Baker, California these days. So yes, I am saddened and more than a little disappointed that Vegas lets yet another "first" slip away into the history books where it's somehow strangely easier to value and appreciate once it's gone.  I'm definitely "late to the party" on "Sahara Appreciation", but I still built nine years of fond memories of my own.  Its closing also marks the end of a chapter in my personal life.  It is, and always will be, my very first taste of Vegas.  The last two months, though sad, filled me with a lot of wonderful and lasting stories of the place. I'm glad I took the time to get to know it one last time, and I'll see it off come Monday as it closes down.Good-bye, old friend.
5	So it's one more day until it's game over for The Sahara.It really is sad how the place fell into such a depressing funk and the multiple owners it's had over the past 10 years who owned it without caring. At the same time though, the place wasn't utterly terrible. Old and in some serious need of work? Definitely. Rundown and disgusting? Well, in Las Vegas it seems like anything built before 1990 is rundown by default anyway. The local bias against buildings from the 60's and 70's which just need a little work or may be totally fine even really amazes me, especially seeing how many other cities in America have buildings from the early 1900's or even the 1800s which look like they could totally collapse at any moment. Kind of beating a dead horse there, I know, I'm just dying to see how most of the people with these kinds of biases will react in 30 years or so if places like The Bellagio or The Venetain are considered "TOO OLD AND NOT HIP ENOUGH" by the next generation and put up for implosion. I took one final look around the place a few weeks ago. It appeared that the arcade, the Cyber Speedway, the rollercoaster and most of the Nascar Cafe were already closed up. It was a rather dark, somber atmosphere. Everyone in there (workers and clientele) did not seem to care, all except for the enthusiastic gift store clerk I talked to. Well, I wish them all the best of luck anyway. On a positive note, the building won't be blown up, but in a few years it's name will be changed and it will be modeled after all the other hip and trendy places in Las Vegas. Well, I'm happy that at least technically the "Sahara" will still be around, I just wish the owner would execute these plans without sucking out it's character and making out like what it was never happened.
3	It wasn't the newest casino on the strip, but I rented a suite here for my birthday in 2009 and I thought it was worth the $75 it cost for a 700sq ft 1 bedroom suite with a balcony overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and Sahara rd. It held a lot of history from the beginning of Vegas nightlife and it is time for it to close it's doors after decades on the Strip.
2	Just now heard the news that the historic Sahara Hotel & Casino is closing today.  I was there only 9 days ago and would have bought a souvenir if I had known the end was so near.  It was obvious, though, that it could not have lasted much longer.  Barely 50 people in the casino on a Saturday night and the porter had to call for taxi pick up in the porte cochere.I am sorry that so many people in an especially hard-hit local economy are now out of work.  I'm sure the place was glorious in its heyday and maybe the property will be again some day.  It seems like the perfect spot for a sparkling new mega resort - lots of vacant land around and located on the last stop on the monorail.  That end of the strip sure needs a boost.Goodbye $1 blackjack!  Thanks for the memories, Sahara.
4	Although that I was staying at the Riviera, but I decided to get a go to this hotel...OF COURSE it's not the Bellagio...But the history, the fact that you've HAD TO STAY THERE BEFORE CLOSING...that's why I decided to do and shoot a video in youtube...because I wanted to pay her the respects...I'll keep her in my heart...FOREVERhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0DozXy0eyI
3	When I realized that I would be in town for the Sahara's closing, I decided I wanted to be there, and not only that, I wanted to be the last person to roll the dice on the craps table, and finally I was hoping to bribe the dealers with a generous tip to let me take the last pair of dice rolled.On Saturday I stopped in to walk around the place and get more info about the closing schedule.  I played some craps and was told that the all the tables would be closing at 10am on Monday.  Late Saturday night I was back with some friends who wanted to get some chips and one last visit and just to be thorough I asked again about the closing and got the same info. Sunday night I decide to turn in early (1am) so that I wouldn't oversleep and could be in Sahara by 9am.  I notice from the parking garage and walking into the casino that things are not very busy so I'm feeling pretty good about my chances of being the last roller as I was a little concerned that it was going to be super crowded and nearly impossible to get on to any table game.  Just as I made my way past the bar I saw the only thing I was not expecting - an empty craps table. No players fine, but no Dealers?!  What happened?!?  I asked one of the suits and was told that they closed at 3am.  I could have easily been there had I not been provided bad info twice.  I'm bummed, sad, mad...Well, I'm here so I might as well stay around til 10am and see if anything special happens when the table games close.  I jump on the roulette table and play for the final 40 minutes.  About half of that time is spent listening to passer-bys ask if they can buy chips while the dealer explains that they can't.  The cashier wasn't selling chips and the only other tables (BJ) were usually full.I do appreciate that the pit supervisor let us know when there were 3 spins left so that we wouldn't be blindsided that the game was over.  On the final spin I go all in (you have to right? I was the only one who did though).  The prior spin winning # was 19 so I'm on red, odd and 5 individual #s including the last winning #.  Sure enough 19 hits again and I cash about a $150 profit. That helps ease a bit of the pain of missing the final craps session which was what I had been looking forward to for weeks.Doors were closing at 2pm but I'm not a slot player and it sure didn't look or feel like anything ceremonial was going to happen so I take a few pics and head back to the Encore to check out.Farewell Sahara
3	Three stars means "A-OK", and Sahara was just that to me, or at least the casino part of it.  It was what it was. There was no grandeur, no luster, nothing magnificant remanining.  It was a solid piece of the Las Vegas landscape. There was a lot of history there, a lot of nostalgia.  You could have a really fun time without risking the kids' college funds to pay for it.  Now it's gone.  It's boarded up all around the property.  All its contents are being sold or auctioned off.  Nothing but an empty shell will remain.  How and why was this allowed to happen?  What will become of it?  What will become of the nearly abandoned North strip even?  Which one will be the next to go?It's a real shame that places like the Sahara and others have been, or are now being, completely displaced by the huge new megaresort casinos catering to the big spenders and high rollers, leaving the working man with fewer and fewer affordable options, at least on the sensational strip.  Can't there be a happy medium somewhere so everyone, regardless of the size of their bankroll, can find their niche when want to stay and gamble on the strip?
4	I learned how to play craps at this casino in the early 90's. Now it's yet another in a long line of former Sin City joints that sadly has run it's course.RIP Sahara I'll miss you.
3	Hotel was exactly what we needed it to be. A place to sleep and shower. It was clean for the most part. Minus the random hairs in the shower. There was paint chipping in random places too but eh it's an old casino. I didn't like the parking. Didn't feel too safe with all my stuff in it.
4	So sad to see you go.$1 Blackjack, 4oz martinis,blood on the walls and semen on the sheets.You were my kind of place.
3	Sad they are gone, the dollar blackjack, beer and hot dogs were just plain fun. Stayed there a couple times....yeah obvious you were not at the wynn but what do you want for $15 a night and usually got comped for that. I remember my wife sitting down on the bed wth a thud, we looked at each other and at the same time said "yep we were not at the MGM." Not really sure why but we used to love the $5 buffet. Over the years just kept getting more and more run down as they closed more and more then finally, it was finished. Went to the closing party where they gave out the remaining jackpots from the progressives and still have a couple $1 chips stashed. We used to bring our friends there when they were in town and have taught many to play blackjack at the $1 tables. Alas...gone...Vaya con Dios old friend.
3	Sahara, you will be missed.  I didn't think the rooms were as bad as a lot of people said they were.  Our room was clean and looked like it had been renovated not too long ago.  The pool was nice and large too.  I liked that old Vegas atmosphere and this casino has a lot of history behind it.  That is getting harder and harder to find in Vegas.  My favorite part about the Sahara was the $1 hot dogs, beer, and mini-shots with the free souvenir shot glass.  It was a way to do Vegas on the cheap and still have fun.
4	R.I.P. I'll miss you and all of your kinda gross/super cheap old school Las Vegas weirdness.
