5	When you get tired of DJ's and electronic music and you're ready for some authentic music made by actual musicians, this is the place for you.The minute you walk in you realize that this isn't some honky tonk dive, this is a very dark, classy place, with a large bar and plenty of seating. The stage is well appointed and there's even an area next to the stage that looks to be a VIP lounge.This is the type of place that you would normally find in NYC, LA or Nashville, so its a great addition to Scottsdale. It reminds me of the type of place where you might have found Johnny Cash, Frank Sinatra, or George Jones taking the stage back in the day. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if this becomes the place where national musicians go to play a few unannounced sets when they are in town.Gotta say, in just one visit The Western has become my favorite new place in town.
5	The Western is a fun new spot located on 5th Ave just west of Goldwater. Live country bands, a dance floor, dim lights, good food, and cheap drinks made for an interesting evening. I have a feeling that The Western will be with us for awhile. Live music every Wednesday thru Sunday with NO COVER.
4	This is a fun addition to Old Town! Situated in a hidden street just away from the hustle and bustle of Old Town, classy cowboys are welcomed into this new country establishment. It's not your typical honky tonk bar though. No here the lights are dim, the decor is country chic and the vibe is country classy. I especially like the live bands they have and the dance floor that invites visitors to enjoy the music. I have yet to try the food but plan on Doug so very soon and will report back.
5	Cool hidden gem! Great place to come to have awesome drinks with your friends and listen to some country music! Cool decorations and fun atmosphere! The bar top is awesome so check it out! They also have awesome customer service! The bar tender Dave is an awesome guy and really knows his stuff! He always has a great attitude and a smile on his face which makes for a great visit! Keep up the awesome work Dave! Come check out the Western for a fun time with great people
5	This is so my kind of place. I'm not even what you'd consider a "country girl" but the laid back, fun-loving scene with tasty beer, grub and music is totally my style. For some reason I've seem to be into taking my cowboy boots everywhere and have fallen in love with the western scene, so I like to drag my kicks out on the dance floor for some dancin. The live music is great and people are totally down to boogie. Not in the bump n gridn kinda way you see all over Old Town, but in the get your ugly funk on kinda way.The food is definitely southwestern comfort food. Not a whole lot in the way of meatless fare, but I've only eaten here once. The deep fried grilled cheese was, well...exactly what you'd expect. Pretty good. Love me some shoestring fries and I could probably just have those for a whole meal. The jalapeno mac n cheese was surprisingly spicy in a good way. Beer and wine selections are both terrific. This spot is totally becoming a regular weekend hangout!
5	I haven't eaten here...only came for a Friday night out on two separate occasions. Great live music and reasonable priced drinks. Love it here!
2	Getting hassled about whether or not you work "in the industry" puts customers off and completely awkward. "Where do you work?" "In what city?" "What did you do?"The answer is, "none of your fucking business." Don't have "industry night" if you aren't going to extend deals to everyone... or at least be consistent about it. Quality and consistency are the only things I ask.The "Acoustic Blues" starts at 8. It's really more of the acoustic rather than the blues portion of that phrase, and is also played on an electric guitar....and if that doesn't make any sense at all, then you just need to go visit The Western on a Sunday, because by god can Sarah Robinson sing. Quite the set of pipes. Her other counterparts were impressive too.
5	Great atmosphere and music. I am so happy they brought back the guitar player during Friday Happy Hours.  The food is awesome and the bartenders are very friendly and attentive.I go there once to twice a week, but always Fridays.
5	What the new Dierks Bentley bar SHOULD be.  I was so happy to get here after trying out that whiskey bar.  This place is what you'd expect, complete with a red curtained stage.  The band when I went was AMAZING and I wouldn't say I'm the biggest fan of cover bands.  They played NEW country and it was great!  I'm telling all my friends to go!
3	Just spent a few hours here and it was a fine place. They had a country band playing on Wednesday and they were decent enough if you like that music. Some good happy hour beer deals - i believe domestics were $2.50, although they never gave me the 50 cent change. It's like they undercharged me - strange. Tried the nachos and they were a fairly big portion loaded with ground beef and lots of black beans and sour cream. The sauce was a cheese sauce, not real melted cheese. Another gorgeous bartender was patrolling behind the bar as well. Not crowded at happy Hour. Kind of hidden away on 5th - they need a bright sign or something.
4	I wound up here after taking a life-threatening, drunken jaywalk across Indian School from The Valley Ho. Needless to say, I made it safely across (and back) and had a GREAT time. It's definitely one of the more genuine country places you'll find in The Valley and definitely at the top of my list for taking in some live music.They pull off the rustic, country decor well and they have a country/chuck wagon inspired menu to boot. I did not sample the food I just knocked back a few beers courtesy of the friendly, efficient bar staff who took good care of me and helped contribute further to my state of inebriation.It's really the anti- Dierks Bentely's Whiskey Row: you'll find a more mature, well-behaved crowd and a more mellow environment more conducive to having fun than seeing and being seen.This is equally good to come for drinks and eats as it is for drinking and tearing up the dance floor so I am looking forward to coming back soon and getting my two-step on
5	Love this place! Great live music with no cover.  Does it get much better?!  The dance floor is on the small side, but I have enjoyed cutting a rug here many nights.  The bar is awesome and made of textured leather, and they have some delicious mixed drinks if you are in the mood for something a little different.
5	I stopped here for my friend's birthday last night and really had one of the best nights out i've had in a while. For not paying a cover, the band here was fantastic. They had people on the dance floor all night. The dance floor is a pretty good size for people to have fun and move. The drinks were delicious and very reasonably priced. I noticed a small little section of the restaurant right off the dance floor that looked like it was reserved for a private party. I would highly recommend checking it out if you have a birthday or bachelorette or something coming up in the future. It seemed pretty private but right off the stage and dance floor so you're still part of all the action. The service was also pretty fast and on top of things. This is definitely a place I will come back to!
3	Let's talk food.  Started with the wings and they were very good.  Ordered the ribs for dinner.  They were not so tender and the flavor is just not that great, to me. The cole slaw fell flat.  No zest, no zing, flavor just not so great.  The fries were great.  Husband ordered the Steer Here sandwich and said it was pretty good, but he also was not a fan of the slaw.  Atmosphere was good but we left before the live music started.
1	Don't go here for the food or the service! If you like to drink and country music then this can be fun. The food is mediocre and service really really slow. It took an hour and a half for me to get a kale chicken caesar salad. And when it came there was no kale and when I asked the waitress she said they took it off the menu. Thanks for telling me that when I placed my order from their menu with that salad on it. Hmmm. And my sister's burger was suppose to have a fried egg on top.  When they served it they forgot to tell her they ran out of eggs. Okay..... Wtf!  They should just shut the kitchen down and serve drinks with the live bands. The rest of the food in my group was bland and the manager comped the food because "they couldn't handle" business with another party of 75. Our group was six people. Not our problem!  There are way too many fantastic places to eat in Scottsdale. We don't need this lame excuse for food! If they stay in business it will truly only be due to the music and drinks. Scottsdale!! This is your official WARNING! Don't eat at The Western! Your welcome.
5	Omg, om-nom-nom-nom!!!!!I typically do not eat BBQ, but sweet mother mary of jesus....YES, YES, YES!  Why is this place so awesome?1. I actually met the grill master THAT GRILLED MY FOOD!  I met the man behind the delicious-ness that was my meal; he is amazing.2. The staff/bartenders are cool.as.shit.  Seriously, they work in old town Scottsdale AND they are nice / pleasant / outgoing / cordial / amazing.  Do you know how hard that is to find in Old Town Scottsdale? 3. They were really nice to my mom.... That gets kudos in my book.4. All of the food was super fantastic - from the salmon to the all-your-fat-ass-can-eat-Sunday-special (which I got); it was all ahhh-mazing!  My mom literally ate her entire salmon fillet, rice pilaf, corn husk, and licked the plate so hard I think she bore a hole in it.  I ate the pork butt sliders + coleslaw + ribs + chicken + yes = happy Siobhan. 5. I randomly found this place through Groupon and I am very pleasantly surprised.  :) 6. They have a sweet happy hour from 5pm to 7pm....half off appetizers + cheap drinks.... Will you marry me Mr. Western?In conclusion, this is a newer place with live music, awesome food, and even better staff.  So.... Sweet mother mary of jesus, YES, YES, YES!  My mom loved it, I loved it, my brother loved the left overs.....and we will be back.  :) Thanks you guys!!
4	Very. Good brisket, quest, and burger. The ambiance is very dark but pleasant. There is a good sound system and entertainment many nights. There is a nice dance floor for when dancing is available; most of the recorded music is certainly good for dancing county and western.
1	Food is lousy mainly because waitress does not listen . Music is great but eat elsewhere first. Even trying to fix errors the food is only less then fair. Have not eaten in 9 hours so very hungry and still skipped much of it. Need better wait staff and kitchen
2	We started w fries.  They were really good. After getting our hopes up thinking dinner was gonna be amazing. Our dinners were terrible. Very bland and tasteless.  I could have cooked better at home.  Usually when you tell someone their food is gross and you are turned off from their food to have them fix you something different.  Most places would at least comp one of the entrees.  But nope.  Full price for mediocre food. We left and went to LGO to get the rest of our dinner.  Would not recommend
2	Great Venue, Good Food, Terrible Service.Short Review: We were completely ignored, waited forever to get our food order taken and I had to take up my soda to the bar to get a refill.Long Review: We were planning on going out to eat before getting to The Western, but after hitting traffic we thought we'd play it safe and just eat at the venue. We had never been, so when we arrived at 7:00 we thought the doors would be open to serve food, but when they say doors open and 7:30, they open at 7:30. As we were waiting outside, 7:30 rolled around and we were told the doors would be opening at 7:45 instead. Okay, fine, we were hungry but we could wait. 7:45, doors didn't open. 8:00, doors didn't open. Finally around 8:15, 15 minutes after the show was suppose to start we got in and we grabbed one of the first tables we saw, right at the front near the stage. We sat down and were handed menus pretty quickly. A waitress came around and asked if we'd been helped, we said no and ordered a Coke (which was 90% ice) and PBR. We then mentioned that we'd be ordering food tonight. Then about a minute later another waitress came over and asked if we'd been helped, we said yes and assumed they a communication or organizational issue. About 5 minutes later a bartender brought over our drinks and we started noticing food being brought out to the booths behind us. We overheard the people behind us get asked if they wanted food to eat twice, yet our waitress walked right by us. We tried several times to flag someone down, but the opening band had already begun to play so it was difficult to get anyone's attention. After being ready for 15 minutes, and watching everyone else get their food orders, our waitress came back and we finally got our order in. I don't remember the specifics but we got the grilled cheese and a burger. We got our food about 5 minutes later, which was okay, nothing special. At that point we were so hungry would have been happy if they just brought us over some Taco Bell. About halfway through the meal, we both ran out of drinks, down to the last drop of watered down Coke. We began another round of find your waitress as our food got cold. And once again she walked past a few times. After about 5 minutes of trying I just gave up and walked over to the end of the bar with my empty glass. Our waitress walked over to the bar and since the bartender was busy I asked her for another Coke and PBR. She replied with a cheery, "Sure! I'll bring that right over!" I guess she didn't find it strange that I was trying to get my own refill. She brought over our drinks and we finished our meal. Then the fastest service we got was her bringing us the bill. Maybe we picked a bad table. Maybe we picked a hectic night. All I know is I may be back to see a show, but I definitely will be eating somewhere else beforehand.
1	Short review: Awful service, awful drinks. Super long wait at the non-crowded bar while I had the pleasure of watching the male bartender flirt with the female waitstaff for over 5 minutes. No acknowledgement or apologies from the staff for severely sub-par service. Detailed review: The service is just plain awful. I've been a few times now before deciding to finalize my opinion and write a review, and after my last visit this past weekend I'm compelled to warn people to stay away if you're looking for a place with anything resembling even mediocre service. I stood at the bar (dead center, with no one standing in front of me) for over 5 minutes before the bartender even took my order. It was not busy, and there is no excuse for the wait - I had to watch the male bartender flirt and laugh with the female waitstaff the entire time. He never made eye contact or even bothered to acknowledge my presence the entire time I waited. When he finally came over, it was after he took the order and brought beers for the guy who stood next to me, and had only just recently ponied up to the bar about a minute previously. When I finally got my drink order (a very simple whisky cocktail and a draught PBR) the cocktail ended up being one of the worst I've ever had in my life. I don't understand how someone could mess up a simple cocktail so badly - I even asked a few friends to try it to make sure I wasn't overreacting. Their disgusted looks after they each took a sip proved me right. My experiences at this place in the past were warning enough, but after this last visit I will never go back.
5	I'm not usually one for writing reviews but The Western is definitely worthy! Staff was friendly, prompt, and knew the menu. The server (was quizzed)  had great recommendations... and, and, the sound system for their performers is great. It's off the beaten path, but that's a good thing in my opinion.
2	We walk in and nu-metal is blaring from the speakers. That wasn't even the worst part. Went here for a free show--a touring band from Norway. The band was good, sound was good, vibe was good--until I walked up to the bar. I appeared to be interrupting something when I walked up. I then asked the female bartender how much the well drinks were and she said $5 as if she was already annoyed with me. I then asked her what a buckshot was (since that was the $1 special on the board.) She didn't have a straight answer and instead asked the male bartender, "it's uh whatever we feel like making, we'll start with whiskey?" I ordered it, what the hell, YOLO. Big mistake--the "buckshot" tasted like cough medicine and corn syrup. Before my order was complete the male and female bartender are snickering with each other as if they are sharing their own private joke. I seriously felt like I was transported back to middle school--who does that? I got the feeling that these two weren't happy with the crowd nor the band--but that shouldn't really matter. The crowd was there drinking (and tipping) these two because of the band. Why the attitude? Before the band's set was over the male bartender starts cleaning up the venue, pushing chairs in (loudly) and collecting glasses from tables. The lead singer says into the microphone "are we being kicked out?" to which she gets no response. The male bartender and female bartender appeared to be flirting with one another in the back corner, laughing at customers, etc. I definitely wasn't the only one that was feeling uncomfortable. These two bartenders were not only chasing the crowd away but also the headlining band. The venue itself had a cool vibe (aside from the nu-metal blaring in between sets), the prices were slightly more than average ($5 for a draft beer, $5 for a well drink, $1 for a "buckshot") and the service, well the service was non-existence. I felt like the duo was put out by my presence. Word of advice if you are the duo reading this--if your income is highly dependent upon tips, you should probably be nicer to the 20 or so people that are actually in your bar on a Monday night instead of driving them (and the band they came to see) away.
5	Fried pickles and Ranch! I love this place. I can't wait to try the free dance lessons on Wednesday nights. The food is delicious and the vibe is so laid back and welcoming. I love that it's a bit outside of the busy nightlife area of old town/ downtown scottsdale. Everyone who works at The Western is really nice and the live music is great. get the fried pickles, a burger and one of their awesome drinks and enjoy.
5	Taco tuesday is awesome! It's a little off the beaten path in old town and the type of people that come here seem to be good people. One of my favorite spots in Scottsdale both because of the service, tacos, Shiner, and the very cool look of the place.
1	Super lame, super pretentious.  Bartenders were were not very helpful, did not provide quick service, and left a lot to be desired.  We paid a $10 cover for a band that was okay, but nothing to write home about.  The liquor selection was good, with top shelf whiskeys, ryes, and vodkas, an adequate scotch selection, and fairly good beer selection.  It was a fun atmosphere but the cover was unacceptable and more than anything else the service was crap.  Save your money and go and support bartenders somewhere else.
5	Love this place. Great food, good beers, fried oreos! Had the wings and a burger this time. Not terribly busy for dinner but should be if you ask me.  Service was outstanding and if we were in the mood we would have stayed for the music that was setting up during dinner.  Great non-stereotypical Scottsdale scene for Scottsdale.
4	If you have ever dreamed of an heirloom tomato salad with chicken, it's from here.I'm obsessed--I'm quietly pining for it now.As far as live music goes, this place has two flavors: their usual, western-type stuff or outside-promoted shows like Saintseneca, Say Hi/Big Scary, Shakey Graves, etc. I have only been here on the latter-type of night and it was always great.If you manage your expectations appropriately, you will always have a good time. Check ahead about the music if you're a snob either way.Love the community tables, love the bison head, love the wallpaper, love the stage, love Eric the bartender, LOVE.
4	I had dinner at this establishment while waiting to attend a show at Stand-up Comedy. Being the country girl that I am, I was in heaven! The layout is western through and through. A band was setting up, but unfortunately I didn't get to hear them. The staff were all very pleasant.I ordered the Cobb salad with chicken. Nothing spectacular... It is a bar you know. I will go back though, there are other things on the menu that I would like to try. Plus, it seems like a very fun, toe-tapping place to get ya booty-scoot boogying on! Plan ahead for parking.
4	Pretty unique spot in Old Town.   Live country music and dancing.  Bring your boots and have fun!
4	Loved this place! Saw a band play and had delicious food. My only complaint was having to flag down the waitress for EVERY request. In her defense, the place was buzzing.. But we wouldn't even see her for 30 mins at a time. Pulled pork sliders with pineapple slaw, onion rings, fries, and drinks are TASTY!
3	Came here to see Dax Riggs one weeknight. Got here pretty late because I had to break away/talk my way out of a social obligation before driving over. So the doorman told me I missed a few songs of his set and right when I was about to pay, the woman running the show told him they're not taking any more money at the door. I guess they were closing the books or whatever - so I got in free. SCORE! So I headed to the stage area to watch the band and boy what a cluster. Place was already packed to the gills with folks and there wasn't a whole lot of room to expand outward since there are mostly tables once you pass the main floorspace. Sound was decent - it was just a duo with no drumkit so that would have been hard to mess up. Can't complain because I didn't pay a cent for the whole experience and didn't even bother to get a drink. Managed to skip the openers and see just what I wanted. Not a bad venue but it probably works best for local acts with a smaller audience given the small space. Parking isn't too much of a problem even if it's crowded - you can keep driving E. 5th avenue until you see some open parking spots. I found a space just before I hit Goldwater Blvd.
4	Great place for country music in old town!
