5	Believe it or not, their coffee is tremendous! And it's organic. Better than most actual coffee shops!! Taste it. You'll love it. They know what they're doing!
5	Being from WI the dairyland, their product is legit!! I had a scoop of the Vanilla ice cream and the Salted Caramel gelato...heaven!! So creamy and flavorful, reminded me of summers in WI!! Price is absolutely correct for such a premium product!!!
5	I love this place! I'm going to bring all my friends here in the future! The ice cream is great just as good as the art on the walls and the service given. I'm excited to return!
5	OMG the best ice cream and gelato! Very friendly service and the owner greeted use when we walked in. Can you say yummy in the tummy!
5	Looking for a quick sugar fix after dinner last week, the family went to Cream City to check it out.  I love sweets as much as the next guy, but my wife and son are the real driving force here.  We've only lived in Phoenix for a couple of months and it seems like we've already hit all of the dessert places around.  Good thing it's so sunny here all of the time compared to Ohio so I can run these calories off.Anyway, this place is a hidden gem.  They do homemade ice cream, sorbet, and gelato as well as soups and sandwiches.  The menu looked really good, but like I said, we stuck to the sugar.  We all opted for gelato and I have to say, it was just as good as anything I've had outside of Italy. The staff was very helpful and overall great.  This place is dangerous being right across the street from our neighborhood! Great job, keep it up!
5	Awesome Chicken Pesto sandwich!   Great casual family place & VERY child friendly.  Even the men's bathroom has a changing station:)
5	Cream city ice cream is heaven in a cup! Real home made fresh ice cream the way it should be made. It's like the difference between a store bought tomato and a backyard grown one or eating fish the same day it's caught. Once you have this real ice cream, you'll never want anything else. Plus you can tell the owners love and take pride in their product- very friendly service.
2	We are locals in the neighborhood had gotten a flyer menu in the mail, so, lets support a local business, right?  I am all about people trying to build something new that will be a lasting part our neighborhood.  The store is BIG, bright, and comfortable.  Seating is far nicer than virtually any other ice cream joint you have been in. They have a great selection of Gelato and Ice Cream - its a bigger selection than any other local establishment that I am aware of.  Our server noted that the ice cream was made in house, which is always a good sign, but at the checkout station there was a big used ice cream carton that had an ingredient label, with a pre-printed, glued on "nutrition facts" on the side.....  Normally, when you make it in house and serve it there, you wouldn't put that kind of label on it - my spidey senses tell me that this only comes from items sold on the wholesale level.....  so one star down for shady explanation on where the product comes from.But the real reason for my two star rating, is that while its all good, as ice cream almost certainly is, the amount of ice cream served compared to the prices made my eyes pop.  We bought 3 small scoops, and our total was over $11.70 give or a take a few cents.  Usually, when you get a small cup, the cup is full..... not here - the scoop size is the  scoop size, so when you order a small cup you are getting their single scoop size - and its a lot smaller than your ice cream scoop at home (see picture, and note the size of my hand).  Gelato, ice cream, and sorbet are all the same price and serving size, but unlike other gelato places that fill the cup and scrape the top (so its totally full), here, its just the scoop.  I guess I am old school - I don't want to see the bottom of the cup before I put the spoon in!  Keep it in perspective - I also complain about the price to take the family to Yogurtology or Cold Stone.  They are expensive as well - but when you compare what you get in the cup at those places, it makes Cream City feel 2x or 3x as expensive.  Mind you, this is for such standard flavors as Cookies and Cream, Cookie Dough, and Rainbow Sherbet.  It's too bad, because what this part of Scottsdale is lacking is a normal place, that serves normal sized scoops of normal ice cream, at normal prices.  I am so tired of my kids dumping gummy worms or sour patch kids on their mint soft serve - gag - and then paying a ton for it!  Cream City ALMOST gets all the normal stuff correct.  Hoping, Praying that they will go visit a 31 Flavors and inspect the scoops.  If I am going to pay a Sweet Republic price, I want Sweet Republic crazy ice cream (and PS, I don't want Sweet Republic "crazy" flavors - I'll save the gorgonzola for my burger).UPDATE 1:  When we got home my kids asked for more dessert because they were "still hungry, and it wasn't that much ice cream"
5	Love that this little place is right in my neighborhood! We went for a walk and stopped off here for some ice cream. It's spotless and kid friendly. We were greeted by two adorable teenage workers. They were so friendly and really look the time to let us sample as many flavors as we wanted and tell us all about each unique flavor. We selected four different flavors of their homemade ice cream. Wow! So delicious. We will be back for sure-- in fact, now that I think about it, it might be dangerous to have this place so close to home! Can't wait to try their food next time.
2	If you want ice cream with an attitude than enjoy. My two little girls can't and shouldn't eat a whole scoop of ice cream when I asked if I could get 1 scoop and a extra bowl and was told no- I will drive to cold stone down the street.
4	The ice cream here is excellent and they have a good selection of flavors. I had a hard time making a choice so the servers gave me a couple little samples to help me decide. The staff was very friendly and helpful as soon as I walked in too. I went for dessert and noticed they serve lunch foods too; sandwiches etc. I saw someone eating a sandwich that looked delicious. I really wanted one myself but I passed... next time I'll go for lunch and perhaps my 4-star will go to a 5-star. I also like that they have some art on display from local artist. They offer organic tea and coffee and the rest rooms are very clean. The colors are bright and inviting.
5	The gelato is the best I've had, the salted caramel & coconut---beyond yummy!!Casual, comfy & an inviting place with a gregarious welcoming owner.I've got to stop back for lunch and dinner, as I'm sure it's as wonderful as their gelato.  Really looking forward to come back soon when it's cool enough to enjoy their nice patio.A hidden treasure, check it out & enjoy!
5	Try the food!!  This place is so much more than just an ice cream shop, their food is awesome as well!  I've been here twice now, and their savory foods are just as delicious as their sweet treats.  Super tasty food, and awesome people, can't go wrong!
5	This place is a hidden gem in plain site. It's camped here for 5 months and somehow we missed it until a neighbor told us while trick-or-treating.The food is excellent, the cafe is well organized, and the ice cream and Gelato is out of this world. Run, don't walk to this place. (You'll need to if you want to burn the calories).
3	So-so ice cream and gelato. I had very high hopes for the salted caramel, coconut and other gelatos, but was let down with the overly sweet taste and underwhelming texture.My wife had one of the Sunday's which she was disappointed in, and my son had the plain chocolate ice cream which was the highlight of our orders.I hope this plays refines their texture for both the ice cream and gelato because I would like it to succeed.The service was great overall and why the review is getting 3 stars instead of two.
5	Noticed this place couple weeks ago while i was walking my dog and thought it looked interesting but never had the pleasure to try their ice cream until yesterday when i received coupon in the mail.I had a  coupon for buy one get one free. I ordered large size to go in with the coupon I received another large size for free. Large size included three scoops of either ice cream or gelato. I ordered strawberry, chocolate, coconut sherbet, and coffee gelato. Strawberry was more on the sour side then creamy, but it was still delicious. Chocolate ice cream was very chocolatey. Coffee gelato was A OK.Overall, we were satisfied with their quality of ice cream and gelato. We will return especially its in walking distance from our home.
