4	The Drum Bar is quite the hot spot within Rivers Casino. My friends and I started here last night and we had a great time. DJ Scottro from 96.1 KISS was dj'ing and it was packed. All of the walls are glass that look out to the city, and they had the Pens game and the Final Four game on all the tv's at the bar. They have a ton of couches/booths that surround the outer perimeter of the bar- gives it a slight Vegas feel.The only downside of this place is it takes FOREVER to get a drink. Ten minutes plus. I know things can get busy, but even one more bartender on staff would be much better. Also, last call at the casino is around 1:15am, so don't expect to be here late night.
1	Took forever to get drinks here.   Got my girlfriend a sex on the beach which was made incredibly weak and cost $10.50   Got myself a $3 (cheapest beer there) 16 oz. can of Miller Lite and it was WARM.  Won't be buying drinks here again.
4	Great selection of spirits, excellent vodkas from all over. Enjoyed a great martini made with an expert mixture of three premium vodkas, a touch of chambord, a lemon twist and good friends. It was a 14 dollar martini...lol. The light show from the largest chandelier I've ever seen plus the view of the city made for a great night. Had a good night at the blackjack table too, so it was a good night all around!
4	Maybe it was the night I was here and maybe it was the fact that I attended an event that guaranteed us a place to sit for the entire night, but I had an amazing time while here.We held a friends birthday here and had bottle service.  Even though we had bottle service, we were not ignored by the waitress.  She made sure to check on us to see if we wanted anything besides what we already had.  They supplied a cake for us for the celebration (no food from outside is allowed in).The music was amazing as well, a DJ was on hand playing some good mixes of music that kept the place jumping.  People were everywhere!Why can't I give Drum Bar five stars?  Last call was at 1...yes, 1 in the morning.  Oh and the prices can be a bit steep.
4	This bar has a few many couches and even some tables and chairs that over look the river.  Not to mention, the drinks were not rediculously expensive.  I think I paid 3.25 for a vodka and soda.  I know I will be coming back here for a drink and to watch the game.  They have some nice flat screens around the bar as well.
