4	Convenient location, nice employees, and they offer everything you need for your home and garden. The checkout process was fast...and I lost no time to get back to my home repair project.The Home Depot has really worked hard on improving customer service and experience. Lately when I go, I am greeted by a friendly employee. Keep it up!
5	My favorite store is Home depot and this location is a good one. seems like when the economy tanked that all the employees got a pep talk about the importance of customer service and it shows. the people are very helpful and friendly and they have a great selection. The hot dog guy outside has good dogs but is a twit...other than that it's all good!
3	I usually find better deals here than anywhere else and always what I need. I went looking for red bell peppers but the 1st store didn't have one and the 2nd one the peppers were rotted. Will try again since they have better stock than others.
3	I can't in good conscience say I am a fan of Home Depot.  It's closer to an enslavement than an admiration. As you probably know, there isn't much of a choice out there when it comes to Home Improvement.  But in the small limited world of Big Corp. Home Supplies , this location of Home Depot is my favorite. Why you ask? Well here it is ...even in my grimiest, grubbiest, grumpiest moments of self improvement, I mean home improvement, this locale treats me well. They seemed to enjoy the challenge of making eye contact with the customer. I may be be sweating profusely with paint splatters all over my "Frankie Says Relax" Off the shoulder t-shirt, dirty, muddy and have mascara dripping off only 1 eye and they still respectfully show me the way to the drop clothes, cow manure or granite cleaner. And they smile , not the smarmy way either but the sincere way.   I know that if I worked there I would be more than grossed out by the smells coming off the customers, i would hide and make sure I didn't have to deal.  But  these guys don't even flinch. And an added plus is they never seem to have a line or wait for mixing paint. When I want paint , I usually have my mind already spinning on my project and I appreciate their ability to get me and my paint out the door as quick as possible. Thanks Home Depot and see you soon...Momma needs some moth balls, spackle, and knobs and paint for a new project , pavers, and a wall hanger and an outdoor...
4	I typically despise Home Depot, but when I needed some help figuring out their propane tank exchange system (it is different than in the Bay Area), I walked in and was assisted immediately(again, something different from my HD experiences at home).My mom was with me, and we decided to check out their ceiling fans as the one in my Grandma's bedroom conked out and she had a list of requirements for a new one and even though at 89 she is quite internet savvy, she couldn't quite differentiate what was what.Sadly, we left without a fan but did get mom her new propane tank (I am quite the cook and did not learn from mom) as she relies on the bbq for just about everything you can overcook :)Mom also said I got the help I needed right away because I am tall, and under 60. Who knows, but I was glad to be in and out without any problems!
4	Good location always have what I need. Prices are competitive. Staff has been helpful.
5	Been here for 25 years, always helping out in the community, and dedicated to outstanding customer service!
5	I love this store,  I actually even go there when I am bored just to look around.  Not that my social life is that drab, but because the store inspires me to think of new projects I want to do.  Great service.  Only down fall is that not everyone in the departments are very knowledgeable of the products in their department.  But, I am willing to overlook that since the employees always make an effort to find out the right answer to the questions you have.  Kudos!!!
2	Yes, I am writing a review on Home Depot. My life is very boring and at a slow point at the moment. I'm also dumb as a sack of bricks when it comes to big home improvement stores and hate going to them. I worked at an Ace Hardware and loved it---so I'm biased. I went here to buy a water dispenser because 1) I didn't want to sign up for a water delivery service and 2) I also didn't want to order one online and wait for that to be delivered.I asked the guys in the appliance department where I could find them, since the website said there were 4 of the type I wanted. One of the guys said, "We are a smaller store and don't usually carry those, but you could ask the service desk". I did, and the girl there said, "Uhhh, I don't know what he was talking about, they're in aisle 13, I'll send someone to help you". The kid that was supposed to help me didn't show up. So I stood there like an idiot for a while and then finally someone else arrived and threw the dispenser in my cart.Oh, and rarely didn't anyone make eye contact with me. Four or five employees passed me by before anyone asked if I needed help with anything. The store wasn't that busy at all.
2	Great stock like the rest of the home depots, if I was rating their inventory an easy 5 stars. However when I was simply trying to find which isle my items would be in I had a very stand offish employee and showed no intrest or care in helping me out. Unfortunatly didn't get the gentlemans name. But still a good store, just had a bit of an annoying experience.
1	2 times this week we have been into this particular  Home Depot and we could not get service.  we wanted to order some lumber no one was willing to help us out, Or even acknowledge the fact that we were standing at the contractors desk waiting for help for 10 minutes. Stay away  from this Home Depot if you need help.
5	I end up going here all the time for electrical tools. they carry klein tools in the electrical section, which are hands down the best.      the workwrs here are friendly and always asking me if I need assistance. good prices on most things.
1	So I purchase a new lawn mower in February from this Home Depot and it suddenly will not start. I take it to Home Depot where I am told it has to go to the factory for warranty look. I get a call 2 weeks later from Home Depot saying that the carburetor was plugged with oil from an overfill of oil? and they would fix it for $60.00. I tell them no ship it back. I get a call 2 weeks later (5 weeks since it goes in) from the local Home Depot saying it was ready for pick up. I go get it, buy a $2 can of carb cleaner, spray 1 shot into the carburetor and voila, it starts and runs perfectly. I can honestly say I will take all of my purchases to Lowes as Home Depot has no interest in customer service. No offer to make this right, nothing. Good riddance.
1	Typically it is not real hard to find help in Home Depot, but I was trying to find the exterior wood stains for a wood gate in the paint department and "Alison" working in the paint department was the most ignorant person I have had the displeasure to get no help from!I called out numerous times for her help in finding the stain and got "zero" response yet a female across the area asked a question and she immediately responded to her question and aided her....I had to go to the help desk and was helped by a girl from there!!!!!!!Wtf folks - this girl is a complete worthless employee that needs to go!!!!!!!
1	I guess now it is the customers responsibility to have the pricing when you go to the register.Went to the register with a product, cashier could not find the price in the register - so she told me I would need to pay for my 30+ products and then go to the nursery to get the price of the item she could not find???????WTFHorrible service!!!!!!!!
1	Wish I could give "0" stars for this Home Depot. The worst Home Depot in the system, never have any of the typical parts or hardware. Avoid this Home Depot at all costs!!!!! 30 minutes wasted at this store hearing the employee tell me how bad the manager is - with no results!!!!!!!Horrible!!!!
