1	Horrible parking.  If you take the parallel spaces, look out for people backing out.  If you take the regular space, look out for the parallel cars.  The best place to park is on the south side of their lot, or just past the drive thru area.I got a little ticked off today.  I dont have a BofA checking account so I had to see a human to make a payment.  The lines were long.  Only one designated merchant teller with a lot of merchant activity, so the lines moved really slow.Then the teller that took my payment saw that I was paying with a check from a Credit Union, so she looked up my other services and started to ask me questions about my CU checking account.  She was trying to cross-sell me.  If you want to have your employees cross sell, at least train them to what kind of products you are trying to steer your clients off of.  She could not comprehend that my CU pays me to use my checking account.  2.25% int on balances under 1,000 and rebates all atm fees up to $20.  Nothing BofA would ever offer
5	So... I have a last minute check that I need right now.  My bank wants to put a hold on it, understandable, but I need the money now.  So, I have to find a Bank of America.  I walk to one nearby my school, they can't do it.  They suggest I go to this location.  I high tail it over there.  They close at 5:00, its 5:03.  A very kind woman is locking the door as I rush up.  The woman at the other branch had not mentioned that they close at 5:00.  I slump over, defeated.  Game over. Then this angel looks at me, turns the key the other way, opens the door, and waves me in. In shock I babble off my story, "Didn't know you close at.... really appreciate it... sorry for the hassle... omigod I love you..."  She calms me down and takes me to a teller, who was also kind.  Cash in hand I left, crisis averted.Bank of America, the employees at this location are saints.  They saved my life, or at least my GPA as that money went  towards desperately needed school books.  This branch is now on my Christmas card list.
3	No drive thru. Huge downside considering it's 100 degrees + in Arizona. service is great they'll take the extra 2 seconds to recommend something like they are supposed to. Use common sense of course a bank will be busy when everybody is getting off work for the day
2	Okay branch.  No drive-thru window, only drive-thru ATM.  Two ATM's outside the branch side-by-side.  Forever to do my deposits as the tellers are working very slowly.  I think I'll skip this branch from now on.
