5	This location is nice and clean. It is really busy in the mornings, so unless you are fasting and want to get your blood drawn ASAP, come in during the afternoon hours.I made an appointment online for 4:30 PM  for a Tuesday the day before via the internet. I arrived exactly at 4:30 PM and got called up at 4:32 PM. There was only about 5 other people there. I was walked out at exactly 4:40 PM with everything done!I doubt this will happen to you EVERY TIME, but from this situation, I've learned to always make an appointment. It will save you time in the long run.
3	Busy, irritating check in process for scheduled appointments (look to counter on right, that's where you sign in, not under the large "Check In Here" sign, ridiculous), but the staff was friendly, and the location was clean and neat.
4	Always make a 7 AM appointment (for fasting tests) and usually get called in within 5 minutes of appointment time. Consistently good. We always go to the location at Lake Mead and Buffalo. Staff is pleasant and competent.Of course, today I called to get the results and was told that one test was still "pending". The lab didn't receive the specimen until after midnight today despite the fact that the blood draw was taken at 7 AM yesterday. That's the last time I make an appointment for a Friday :-).Otherwise, I recommend this location highly.
5	I came in for a Urine Drug Screen with a pre populated requisition form. I had an appointment scheduled for 2:00pm and showed up fairly early. I checked in at 12:48pm and was out by exactly 1:00pm. My office visit was 12 minutes long and completely pleasant. The staff was friendly and very professional. I will ONLY visit this center from now on even if it's a 30 minute drive from home. I was extremely satisfied with the atmosphere and professionalism.
2	This place is Union Station. Wall-to-wall people. :(After I wrote my tip, which was entered when I checked in, I was surprised to be called in as quickly as I was.  I probably waited under 15 minutes.  The tech was quick and efficient, and my rating would have been a lot higher.  BUT...I was having blood work done for upcoming surgery, and got a call from my doctor's office, who had to approve me for the procedure.  They hadn't gotten results from Quest, and when they tried to call for them, Quest told them that they had no record of me being there.  Whaaaa?  The doctor's office wanted me to follow up with the lab.  I was frantic, since I had neither the time nor the inclination to return for another bloodsucking experience.It turned out that they did have the record, as well as the results.  The problem?  Some idiot at Quest entered the spelling of my last name incorrectly.  The person I talked to was finally able to find the doctor's lab request and saw the inconsistency.  She then faxed the results to my doctor.  I didn't need this unnecessary upset to my already-upset sense of serenity.
5	ok so this is just a lab and as most people have come to expect being branded with a bar code and shuffled through the system .I must say i am really impressed with this lab.The people their were clearly happy and were helpful and actually resembled human beings who have understanding,logic and feelings.So i guess the moral of the story is don't be too quick to judge a process .Sometimes along the way you meet nice caring people who do their jobs with relative happiness in the service of their customers.
2	I am curious. Is Quest Diagnostics such an evil company that it brings out the worst in its employees???? If you do not like to deal with people, look for another job!!!!! Quest employees are just downright mean and condescending.I dislike this evil corporation.
1	This place is so unprofessional. They employees have no manners and talk about their personal business very loudly. One of the employees told another that she was going to "stick her food up her a$$ if she didn't give her the right paper work", another talked about her boyfriend in prison. After signing in I waited 45 mins for them just to get my insurance information. After that I waited another 30 mins to get my blood work. I don't mind the wait, I understand they have a lot of paper work but there was only two people before me. I just find it very uncomfortable to hear yelling across the office and it's all personal conversations. Very disappointed with the staff. Will never come back here.
5	My girlfriend and I had to go here for a pre employment drug test for her job. We walked in without an appointment, but we only waited about 5 minutes. The place was super clean, wait wasn't long, everyone was really friendly and the process itself was efficient and quick. We were in and out in no time at all, and the nurse took care of the paperwork that is submitted to the job! Very good experience and would use them again.
5	This is the best Quest location I have found in Las Vegas, very nice help lady's everything I go there.
1	How do you lose test results?My husband and I went for a wellness check that is sponsored by his company.  It was fairly easy to get in and out with an appointment however only ONE of us got our results back.  My husband was attended to by a surly woman with no people skills and apparently no technical skills because his results are MIA.  So far it has been a 2 week battle with their customer service to get my husband's results with no end in sight.
