4	Great place to grab food and beer with friends. Nice atmosphere, low lighting. Always new art on the walls. They have great veggie burgers, really great veggie burgers if you like them meaty.
4	Currently closed for renovation. (Jan 2010)
1	As of September 10, 2012 I am the Duke of Le Barbare, and I am NEEEEEEEEEEEVER going back!I've had it with their inconsistent food and their slow and incompetent service. I just paid 30$ for food that we ate 1/4 of just so I could get the hell out. I've seen these useless waitresses come and go over the last 4 years, and they are ALL the same. Ditsy, slow, forgetful, and as of today I can add rude and insulting. Food quality is a crap shoot as well. I blame management because regardless who they hire, they are all consistently and similarly bad. Let me spell it out... the food is TERRIBLE and the service is ATROCIOUS!!!!!!I've been here at least 50 times over the last 4 years and I'm done. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else. At the very least your frustration levels won't be spiking every 5 minutes.  PS: I wouldn't kill them to clean the bathroom once a month. I'm sure a black light would reveal a nauseating and vomitous tale.
3	You know, if the service wasn't so horrible this place would actually be a half decent place. The food is fairly good (minus the merky coffee) regardless if you go for breakfast, lunch, or supper. But don't expect to get a refill of water without asking.... Or waiting 15 minutes before placing an order. The line of the day from the waitress was "that's not my table, sorry". Get it together man.
2	Came in here tonight with some friends after a concert to get some drinks and food. Service was extremely slow and borderline completely inattentive..there was only one or two servers (if even that) working the evening. Took entirely too long for our drink and food orders to be taken and even longer to be notified that it was time to pay. I ordered a fettuccine bolognese which was decent though the portion was too small for what it cost. I could have eaten more. Pretty disappointing. My tip was not generous; probably won't be coming back.
4	One of the best burgers. Never experienced a slow service. Maybe it depends when you go there, but food worth it.
1	SPARE YOURSELF!!! DON'T DO IT!!!!I honestly don't even know where to start. Sincerely, this place just gets worse and worse. Sometimes I wonder if it can get any worse and lo & behold..... IT DOES!I made the mistake of asking the waitress to give me another minute when trying to decide what to eat... 30 minutes later, I was finally able to place my order. After a total of 50 minutes of being there, I got my plate, the wrong plate. I asked for milk to put in my coffee and had to get up to go get it at the bar. Was she milking the cow??Anyways, I finally get my CORRECT plate, take a bite out of my grotesque looking eggs benedict and actually gag. Omg, it was horrible. I think the hollandaise sauce was just made of egg yolk. Disgusting.Finally having had enough, I get up to leave and pay for the "wonderful service" we received and a plate that was left COMPLETELY untouched and the waitress seemed shocked that we were so displeased. When trying to explain why we were so unhappy, she actually began to argue..... uhhhhhh unprofessional much?I think the negatives for this place is never ending. It's pretty sad when you walk into a resto and have to mentally prepare yourself for the horrible service and long wait. How hard can it be to make toast that isn't burnt or an over-easy egg that isn't completely over-cooked?
5	Yum! I was visiting Montreal and my friend suggested this place. Delicious burgers, sandwiches, fries, salads and beers! Mmm. Everything is reasonably priced. I had the Bac'n'Cheese burger with half fries and half salad and it was sinfully delectable!Definitely good bang for your buck! Hit this place up if you're in the area!
3	Le Barbare is a very conveniently located restaurant, where I like to go for brunch on the weekend once in a while. I used to go to La Petite Marche, very close by, but I was often disappointed with the food there, so I definitely prefer Le Barbare. Of course, we pay more for the higher quality of the food. Usually there is no wait and we can sit down pretty close to the window. It's a good place to go either as a couple or with a group of friends. They seem to be pretty child-friendly as well. The atmosphere is relaxed and fun, with paintings by local artists on the wall. They serve the food at a pretty decent pace as well. Because they also offer lunch, dinner, bar food, and drinks, the breakfast menu is a bit limited, but I always find something good (especially as they offer a few daily specials). It's a friendly place to go for a drinks at night as well.
1	I went here last week and it wasn't too busy. There was one waitress and I'm guessing a manager who just hung out at the bar. We waited 25 minutes with menus, they didn't take our drink orders and the waitress was chatting with the manager at the bar for some of that time. She did come and tell us she's be right with us after about 10 minutes. We left the place after 25 minutes and I waived goodbye to the manager who looked at me like he didn't care that we were leaving. I'm so glad we didn't give them our money. I do want to add that I've eaten here before and had terrible service every time, but the food is actually quite excellent. I really hope this review can help them realize how much business they are probably losing because of the horrendous service. I will never return but come on, I've worked in restaurants and it's not that hard to order drinks when people come in. I don't mind waiting for food if I have a pint (or two) to keep me going
