4	If you don't have health insurance, this is the place to go for eye exams. They cost $77 for glasses which is the cheapest I've found, except Wal-Mart ($70), but you're getting a quality eye exam here. They accept both walk-ins and appointments. This office is spotless and carries a good variety of frames ranging from high-end designers to more affordable options. The doctor and his assistant are very nice and helpful. While their lenses are pricey, I definitely will return for my annual exam.
5	Went here because my insurance covers them and have to say I am more than happy with how everything went. I first stopped in just to check out frames. Receptionist was very nice in helping look some over. Scheduled an appointment. Went in for appointment and was helped our right away. Dr. Joseph Pfondevida was really great. He asked the right questions that ended up prying out of me that I was not happy with my last pair of glasses. (everything took a second to focus) Ultimately he measured that my eyes were over prescribed. I was thinking that my vision may have got better, as I noticed myself using my glasses much less. His receptionist and he then helped me look through frames some more, both were very helpful in asking about what I was looking for and finding some matches. I picked up the frames last week and they were very helpful in fitting them. I ended up thinking they were a bit tight and had them readjusted once since. Again very helpful and accommodating. If you need glasses or contacts, stop in here, they will treat you right.
5	I may be a bit biased about this business because I was an employee here once upon a time.  But, let me mention that I was a patient before I was ever an employee.Dr. Pfondevida is the most personable and professional optometrist you will ever meet.  He knows what he is doing and always goes out of his way to make sure that his patients are happy.  The wide selection of frames, that are always rotating and in style, makes me a want a hundred pairs of glasses!  Pricing is reasonable, both with or without insurance.  Sometimes people forget that this is a small local business and not a chain... quality is what is delivered here!I will always return to Dr. P for my eye exams, contact lenses and glasses for as long as he is around!
5	This wonderful optometrist office was a breath of fresh air. Such an awesome experience. Im so glad I found this place. My wife and i were driving around running errands and we had the bright idea to get an eye exam. She told me about "Eyes on Las Vegas" being near her work, so we figured we would give them a call. They took us immediately, which was perfect! Joseph C. Pfondevida, O.D. And his staff are fantastic. They took such great care of my wife and I, we wish they did childrens optometry too. Joseph, clearly, went over every step that he was making, along with, making sure we understood everything that was being said. He was very informative, friendly, and personable.This optometrist office is extremely clean, modern, and beautiful with elegant cases, built into the walls, surrounding the front desk and lobby and lighting accents throughout the building. They even have a play area for children that is pretty cool. They have name brand glasses:A|X, Burberry, Juicy Couture, Etc.. at reasonable prices. They do on-site fittings and make sure you leave with a smile. Great place with fantastic service. We will definitely be back!
5	My regular optometrist is across town and I needed a refill of some contact lenses for two reasons: A) I ran out and had ripped my last pair while cleaning them, and B) I needed to use my vision insurance before the end of the year. I went onto my insurance website and started calling one optometrist after another around my neighborhood. Most of them were closed for the holidays or were completely booked. I called Eyes on Las Vegas and they took me in for later that day. Score!I walked into a very clean and well organized office. Decor is modern yet very welcoming. The girl at the front desk (I forgot her name...I'm sorry!) was an absolute sweetheart. Smiles and all, I felt like I've been a client of theirs for years. Dr. Pfondevida called me back and did all of the pre-evaluation himself. After my contact lens evaluation, he let me try on a pair. I was kind of iffy with them and he let me try on another brand. He told me to take the two pairs home and take a few days to decide which on I like before ordering in bulk. Dr. Pfondevida was extremely patient and answered all of my silly questions. I called back in a few days to bulk order my contacts. Luckily, there was a rebate program going on with the ones I chose. When it was time to pick up my boxes, they already had all the paperwork ready for my rebate. But I was most impressed with Dr. Pfondevida and his staff remembering my name and who I was! Definitely felt the love. Eyes on Las Vegas exudes quality care to its patients. I'm really glad I found this place by a stroke of luck.
5	Dr. Pfondevida is one of the best optometrists I ever expect to encounter in my life. He's really personable, and happily answers all of the lame questions you've been too scared to ask your old eye doctor. I asked him every question in the book; why he suggested these new contacts, why he still wears glasses (and if that means he thinks lasik is 'bad') and why my contacts come in a solution that stings if not rinsed off.. I think it's really important to feel like you can ask all of your healthcare providers any questions you might have- if not, RUN!I got a fancy new pair of RayBans here, but if you don't like the selection- don't fret. The selection of frames here leaves a little to be desired, but he's always happy to print you a script to take wherever you'd like to get your glasses or purchase your contacts through your favorite mail order company. When you go to have your eyes dilated, the office gives you a really neat pair of toss away sunglasses- they're really sexy and everyone should get at least one pair of these to wear at your next trip to the beach.
5	I love this place! Dr. Pfondevida has been my eye doctor for a few years now and he is very helpful. The ladies that work in the front desk are very nice and easy to talk to. They are always there to help you.Thank you!
5	DR .Pfondevida was the best optometrist ever been in Las Vegas and trust me I seen a few already. I love that he answered all the questions I had. I strongly recommend him :)
5	Dr. P is awesome. So is Christina! They are both very nice and easy to work with. I've been coming here for 3 years and absolutely would recommend them to anyone who needs a good eye doctor. Their frame selection is awesome. I get compliments on my burberrys every time I wear them. Thanks guys!
5	In a time in our culture and society where customer service seems to be a thing of the past, I've finally found a rare gem that still believes in treating people well! I don't recall a time in the last several years where I've had more personable care or kinder, more attentive customer service. Dr. P and his wife (the other member of their staff was on vacation) are so great. They both helped my husband and I go over our benefits and helped us utilize them in a way that was best for our pocket book. Finally, someone who takes pride in their business, and seems to be genuine and sincere as well. I will enthusiastically recommend them to anyone and everyone I know, and am actually looking forward to our routine visits next year! I could not be more thrilled with the eye care services we received today, or the products we chose. The contacts I ordered even have a rebate offer, bringing my contacts to only $11 a box! That may have been just the stars aligning with their great service, but it was another bonus for me! I couldn't have a higher opinion of this doctor and his practice (or family). So lucky to have found them!
5	Dr. Pfondevida and his staff are wonderful. I have never met anyone with as much integrity in their work, particularly in healthcare. He genuinely cares about his patients and goes beyond what is expected to give you the highest level of care.I have been going here since 2008, and will continue to do so for years to come. I highly recommend him to anyone seeking great eye care.
5	Best eye doc in Vegas, hands down. Dr. Pfondevida is very approachable, detail-oriented and takes his time to ensure an accurate exam. They also have a great selection of high-end eyewear, including Burberry, Prada, Tory Burch and Marc by Marc Jacobs. And Christina at the front is a sweetheart.
5	I made several calls when it came time for my annual eye exam. I wear contacts and I was very unhappy last year when LensCrafters charged me a $130 just for a lens fitting. Nor did they give me the option of putting my insurance towards the purchase of lenses, only glasses.So when a coworker recommended Doctor Pfondevida, I added him to my list of calls. Turns out he was the cheapest. Only $40 for a lens fitting, which is the minimum requirement by HPN for doctors to charge. So, with my copay of $10, my exam total was only $50! And I get to put my annual allotment from insurance towards the purchase of contacts!I'm writing this review as I wait to finish my exam. Dr. Pfondevida is very professional, and I'd recommend his private practice over all the name brand companies any day. The 40 mile round trip from my neighborhood is worth the $$ I save from not being ripped off by Eyes on LV! You just gained a loyal customer, doctor.
