4	Chef & Friends is a great example of a gourmet food truck. Even though Christina (the chef) works out of a very small space, she serves up very big, flavorful eats!The menu changes very often - highlighting influences from a variety of cuisines. During last night's food truck rally I sampled the eggplant and mozzarella sandwich - an intoxicating combo of garlicky grilled eggplant, delicious mozzarella, marinara, a tasty pesto sauce all piled into a fresh roll. I attempted to pick it up and chow down, but I resorted to my fork and knife to get my fill. Chef & Friends is my kind of friend.
5	As I walked up to food truck rally in the Dog Bar parking lot last night I kept smelling something incredible but could not put my finger on what it was. After sampling the fare at a few food trucks I made my way to Chef & Friends and discovered where that delicious smell was coming from! Their amazing marinara sauce is all homemade. I had their meatball sub which I was forced to share with my boyfriend. An intoxicating combination of red sauce and pesto sauce! Well worth $9. I can't  wait to sample from Chef & Friends again soon. I heard they spend many weekend night at the Dog Bar!
4	Stumbling through NoDa a bit buzzed on the weekend? Stop by this food truck parked near Dog Bar then, I promise you won't regret it. The truck is small so you might miss it if it wasn't for the delicious smells wafting from this little gem.I wandered up here one tipsy night and proceeded to order a chimichurri chicken roti. If you haven't ever had a freshly rolled roti made to order in front of you and topped with expertly seasoned potatoes, chicken and other goodies then you are missing out. I also procured myself a banging chicken cuban during a food truck kickoff event and man was it banging! Crispy flavorful seared crust on the chicken with a juicy tender center paired with a lovingly buttered and toasted bun and peppers. I just wanted it all in my mouth, and that's exactly what happened.A caveat for the hungry customer it's cash only here. Prices are just a tad high for what you get but I can deal with that when the food is this good.
4	Ahh food trucks I don't know what it is but I just love them.  You know what is difficult being surrounded by food trucks and having to make a choice of which one to go to.  As I was challenged by this difficult task during the passport to NoDa event I decided on Chef & Friends Food Truck.  Why?  The smell alone stood out amongst the rest maybe its my Italian upbringing but I just couldn't resist and eggplant parmesan sub.   Oh how nice it is to not be disappointed.  Tender eggplant (not fried I actually thought that would turn me off but it was delicious) pesto, fresh marinara, on garlic bread... I know I am making you hungry.  Don't miss the chance to check out Chef & Friends I am excited to try some other menu items real soon!
4	I can't elaborate too much on this truck but I will say I had some of my boyfriends chicken taco and it was amazing! The sauce was fresh and full of herbs! The chicken was seasoned and juicy. I need to find this truck and get me another one of those tacos! It went head-to-head with heavy-hitter Roaming Forks fish taco ...and clobbered it (in my opinion..though let's be real both are tasty : ) ) .
2	Sorry to do this but it needs to be done. I am a truck fan from Miami to LA, came across this trailer at the bike rally a few weeks ago, and it just was not very good.It was sort of busy, but considering they only had 3-4 items on the menu should not have been a big deal. The staff were not friendly or helpful, and I was really surprised by the lack of any system. They did not take names, or give numbers... pretty basic s.o.p. this caused 8 - 10 customers to crowd the door and police themselves regarding the orders. To top it off .. I guess the ventilation is not good enough and the cook was sweating profusely and even used a kitchen towel to wipe his face and then continue to use it .......When we finally got the food it was definitly not worth the price or wait.I will give them another shot and update if is is any better ...
5	Love Chef & Friends food truck.  Anything she makes is top notch and tasty.  Especially in NODA and parked by Smelly Cat :)
