4	I tend to prefer this location of Thai Place because it is always so quiet.  The menu seems to be identical to that of the Walnut Street location.  All of the curry dishes are good here, as are some of the simpler dishes.  I especially like the Penang curry, and the sauce for the chicken with garlic is excellent.  They also include a lot of really good, fresh vegetables in all of their dishes, which, to me, is a plus.  While I haven't tried many of them, the chef's specials seem to be very original to the restaurant. The service is always prompt and excellent.  The only drawback to that I can think of is that the prices are a bit high, compared to other Thai restaurants.  However, I always leave Thai Place feeling pleased and satisfied.
3	I got Pad Thai take out when I was in Pittsburgh on business and it was pretty good.  The portion was decent, however I finished it all in one sitting.  It was $17, which had I not been on an expense account would've been way more than it was worth.
4	Great place for weekday lunch.  Best Pad Thai around.
4	Excellent food with great service.
4	Their General Tso's Tofu is slammin.  And they have a "raw spring roll," which is rice paper around... tofu and greens and something else?  It's a unique flavor with the sweet, peanut sauce.  Totally awesome, and totally worth the trip.
4	Thai Place has very light, extremely flavorful food and is my favorite Thai restaurant in 'Burgh (and probably anywhere). Most other Thai places in this city have extremely greasy food that I get sick from. It is located across the street from Waterworks mall, in small and very quiet little building. I have tried many things on the menu including their fresh spring rolls, fried spring rolls, dumplings, tofu curries, chicken curries, garlic chicken, pad thai, etc... everything is excellent and always comes out promptly. Many of their apps come with a sweet white plum dipping sauce which is my favorite thing in the universe. I would put it on everything if I could. Definitely try a curry bowl or two, the pad thai, and any of their soups. I've had them all and would recommend any of them. Most dishes can have tofu substituted in, which is a plus for my veggie friends. They have fried ice cream for dessert, which is pretty awesome, but im usually too full to eat it. It is a tad on the expensive side, but for the quality and service, I am always willing to pay!
5	Bumping up my stars because I have recently found out that they use a soy sauce in their sauces that is gluten free! Feast away, my fellow gluten intolerants and celiacs!
2	Okay food.  Number of other guests is often zero - uncomfortable.
5	This is my first Thai food restaurant I have eaten at in Pittsburgh and I love it! The Tom kha soup with vegetables is delicious and so is the butternut squash curry. The mango sticky rice is the best dessert!!
2	Ok food...nothing great...many better Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh!
4	Really good Thai food.  Very friendly service and management.  Food is prepared promptly and is consistently good.  I wish that they DELIVERED!!  We eat their food often.  The decor leaves a lot to be desired, though.
4	Love the staff and LOVE the thai pad.  Yummy!
1	First and far most people , I never write a bad review.  So imagine what an average experience I had. Actually, this isn't even a bad review. OMG but the food was just so average.I've been to better Thai restaurants in the past. The pad thai was not good and that's what it should be!! The curries were very rich with vegetables but again weren't delicious. I have nothing against this place, but if you have had really good thai food in other places, then you have raised the bar and won't like this place. So if you're trying Thai food for the first time...don't hit this place. Sorry for being honest, but look, I'm really obsessed with Thai food and have tried most of the thai restaurants in Pittsburgh, and this restaurant is not going on my favorite list. I don't care how many awards they have hanging on they wall. Just not going back there. Who cares what I think though, everyone has a different taste. So you might like it, just not me:-/
