3	I haven't been a regular customer of Big Lots since, well, ever.  I had a few minutes to kill in this neighborhood recently and decided to have a look around this Big Lots.  It's a pretty big store with a pretty motley assortment of odds and ends.I did pick up a few things here and they were a good deal.  I'd say about 15-20% of what they have is a good deal, the rest is average prices, poor quality or both.  I guess that's what you get when you buy big lots of odds and ends.
5	god i love mcfrugals.why did they change their name? mcfrugals is way better.it's hit or miss for sure, on items and prices. but holy moly! this store is HUGE. they have a ton of items seen at target for a bit cheaper.i always like to check out their christmas decor. yesterday i scored a pre-lit garland for $6. I also picked up a few jones sodas for $.70. they have furniture which was weird/cool. nothing fancy or very attractive...but if you're desperate it's probably a pretty decent deal. a few things i thought were cool:movie theater popcorn makerchocolate fountainjewelry armoiresthe candle and candle accessorie section (the best part in my opinion)name brand digital cameras$6 moviesI never really find anything I need but it has odds and ends and i don't ever spend more than $10 on an item. I didn't get to poke around much because the store was huge and I was on my way to somewhere else, but this store was awesome!
3	I like to check out the after holiday deals. Sometimes you find a winner. pricing isn't any better than the other guys
4	Man, Big Lots has stepped up their game in the furniture department. I bought a baroque complete vanity with stool for $149, and a huge 62" mantle fireplace for $599, also in a baroque style, gloss black. I haven't really bought any couches or beds, but I have sat on enough in the store to determine that they are very good quality, the brands are what you would find in a regular furniture store but cheaper. They also have a scratch and ding section, where slightly damaged items are marked down. I can never leave the store without food items! They have so much.
