3	Went in to Carl's during my lunch break. I Ordered the Taco Salad. It was topped with ground beef that I thought was a bit to greasy. On the plus side, the staff is friendly and you can find Squirt at the fountain bar!
3	Typical Carl's Jr.  It's clean.  Overpriced for fast food.There is an elderly woman who works here that is really sweet.  Some of the other staff isn't all that friendly though.The steakhouse burger is delicious.  I hope they keep it for a while.  I love onion straws and I love bleu cheese.The soda machine has a good number of selections.  I think coke zero is one if I remember correctly.
3	Hitting up Carl's Jr for a quick bite before it got too late, the wife and I were made to wait at the counter for a couple minutes before we were helped. This is because they had one employee in the kitchen and one working both the front counter and drive through. He missed seeing us come in as he was busy helping the drive through customers. Not his fault the managers don't staff the restaurant properly.Finally, the kitchen worker lady let the cashier guy know we were waiting. He took our order promptly and efficiently. We went to the drink machine to get our thirsts quenched and hit another snag. Their machine was diluting everything. The mix was off by quite a bit. All of the sodas we tried were way lighter in color and tasted more like lightly flavored soda water than soda. We tried the: DrPepper, Coke, Sprite, Root Beer & Raspberry Iced Tea. Letting the guy know the machine seemed off, he said he would look into it. He messed with some of the syrup in the back, then sampled the sodas out front and let us know it should be fixed. It isn't his fault that they don't train him on re-calibrating the soda machine, as the drinks still tasted weak and funny after his attempts to fix the issue.Shortly thereafter, he brought out our food and checked on us a couple times throughout to make sure we had everything we needed. That's one touch I really like about Carl's Jr!My Super Star with cheese was delicious, it didn't fall apart like some of them do. The bun was not stale or weak either. The fries are some of the best frozen, fast food fries I have had in a while.
1	My visit -- and this story -- start on May 4, 2012. I was shopping for an elderly home-bound neighbor and she asked me to stop at Carl's Jr. to get her a hamburger. Nothing special here; Stopped at the Carl's Jr. and ordered her burger. Paid. Got the food. It wasn't until I asked for the receipt that things got weird. The cashier told me that receipts are only issued on request and it would be a minimum of 5 minutes if I wanted to wait for it. I asked why so long and he said "That's how long it takes to generate a receipt". I am not about to wait 5 minutes for the receipt as the food gets cold. It the order were mine I would have demanded a refund and let them throw the burger in the trash. However, I do feel it necessary to provide a receipt when spending my neighbors money. I left without the receipt and noticed a sticker-sign on the door. Call this number if you have any questions or problems. I called from the parking lot and was connected to the voice mail of someone named Sandra. I left a message explaining what had happened, providing my name and cell number, and asked that I be contacted with information on Carl's receipt policy.Alas, that is all background information, as the true reason for this review is to document how poor the customer service is and just how unimportant a paying customer is to Carl's Jr. Restaurants. Here is what happened since then:Using the Carl's website I sent an email through the "Contact Us" link. The site specified that a reply could take up to 5 days, a time-frame that seems excessive, but at least they were upfront about the slow reply rate. Maybe they had only a couple people to sift through all of the emails. More likely there were more complaints than any number of people could handle. I regret I can not post my original email, but it was sent from their site, not my email carrier. Alas, I have no access to it. You will have to trust is was much like my phone message requesting a copy of their receipt policy -- let the 5 day clock begin. -------------------------  On  day 3 I received the following email:Thank you for taking the time to share your comments with us.We do not have any further information for you at this time.  However, I have forwarded your message to the appropriate department for their review and requested that they follow-up on your comments.Please feel free to contact us again at any time. -------------------------  On  day 6 I sent the following email:To whom it may concern:On Friday, May 4th, I sent an email through the "contact us" link of your web site. 3 days later I received this auto responder saying that "We do not have any further information for you at this time", and I have yet to be informed that there *is* additional information.My simple request of informing me of your receipt policy was sparked by an oddity on my last visit to Carl's. It is now obvious that the reason neither I, nor other patrons, were given receipts was that the transactions were not rung into the register. Be advised that I no longer need that policy, the reason for which is described below.* The response time from your web site is long, and in my opinion, unacceptable. *To date, I have yet to hear back from anyone.** In addition to sending that email I called the telephone number posted on the door and left a voice mail. *To date, I have yet to hear back from anyone.** A simple request like the one I had originally made should have been handled in under 24 hours.* It is now apparent that customers are a terrible inconvenience to you, therefor, I shall make your jobs easier by cancelling the request for the information and no longer being a customer. The service I have received is equal to that in the restaurant(s). Slow. I shall not bother returning. -------------------------  On  day 7 I received the following emails:Thank you for taking the time to contact us.I assure you that every effort is being made to address this situation.  I have escalated the report concerning your initial comments and these additional comments.  I have contacted the appropriate management regarding your experience at this particular restaurant as well as forwarded your comments to our corporate representatives.Thank you for giving us the opportunity to address your concerns.  If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call (877) 799-7827.-------------------------  And:My name is Sandra Bacon and I am the District Manager for the store that you vistited (visited) last week. I'm sorry that you did not get my response. It is much easier to have a phone number to call than rely on email. I would like to personally talk to you regarding the reciept (i before e EXCEPT after c) issue. If you would please call me on my cell at 702-561-2101.Thank you,SandraDistrict ManagerOver 6 weeks have passed and I never did that policy!
4	I really like the current SUPER BACON cheeseburger.  Get that thing with the double patties, and it is pretty darn good.
5	I've been coming to this particular Carl's Jr. since they've opened. I'm not a regular but I just noticed something different...CLEAN !,  I mean, someone is always cleaning something and I'm impressed! The employees are mature and very service oriented.
5	Came here for breakfast with my husband. Im thankful since they are open 24/7 that in the morning I can get anything on the menu. Working Graveyard shift you sometime get tired of breakfast food and want a Hamburger!!I got the Santa Fe Chicken burger and my husband ordered the breakfast burrito with nothing HOT/SPICEy in it. When we got to the window they were very concerned to what exactly made it hot for my husband and even offered to change the cheese for him to. On top of that they gave us two of the homemade biscuts and jelly they have now for free.The biscutts were GOOD and the staff was Great.We will be back
