4	Wow... I'd been avoiding stores that were specifically directed at maternity wear under the false assumption that they'd be way more expensive.  I was wrong.  A friend and I stopped in this Tempe Marketplace Motherhood Maternity today and I was so surprised to see things were often less expensive than they were at Target's maternity section!  Jeans for example, started at $30 regular price.  All nursing bras were under $20 from what I could tell... I was pretty impressed.  They even have a pretty large clearance section in the back. :)They also have some trendy selections, including jackets, jeans and sweaters.  Most of my stuff I'm buying used from mothers online or at Craigslist (better for the environment and my pocketbook) but for those special items and the occasional trendy new piece, I'll definitely be back!See ya there!
5	Had to return a pair of jeans to this store last Friday.  Got the wrong size from the AM Mills location.  DOH!  The AZ Mills manager called up the TM store and the TM store had what I needed.  My jeans were on hold for me for 24hours.  When I got to the TM-MM store the following day, I was greeted by the store manager.  Can't remember her name but she was awesome!!  The jeans I had on hold, I decided against buying them.  They just didn't feel right.  The manager the proceeded to pull 5 different styles of jeans for me to try on.  Told me to take my time, and walk around in them a bit.  What was supposed to be a quick (lol..I ain't getting around anywhere quickly these days) pop in and out, ended up turning into me being there over 30 minutes.  She took her time with me and was very attentive.  Of course being pregnant, I had to pee 5 minutes after I got into the store and she let me use the store bathroom.  That right there scores bonus points in my eyes.  MM has some awesome sales too  - Buy 1 pair of jeans, get another 50% off.  I walked out with 2 pairs of jeans.  1 swapped out for the return.  The other 50% off.  You cant beat that savings with a stick..or a Boppy.  Though being beat with a Boppy would be a lot more comfortable than the stick.  ;P
3	One of the few maternity stores in the area, I'll give them credit for always having a good selection in such a small store. I've gotten three pairs of jeans and a pair of yoga pants here that I've loved, and the goody bag was a nice perk.However, a pair of black pants I recently bought for work shrank horribly the first time I washed them and don't come in long sizes, so that was a waste of money. They have an extremely strict return policy and any complaints on quality have to go to corporate. The prices are on the steep side, so after seeing the quality of the work pants, I hesitate to spend money on a $40 top that may fall apart on me. The employees always seem preoccupied and too busy for questions. For a company that caters to women who are expecting or new mothers, one would think they'd employ some staff that are relatable or at least personable. A little friendly conversation and some recommendations would go a long way to making me feel like spending more money in your store.
5	Very nice place. Got greeted at the door by Alyssa (I think that was her name) She measured me and I found out I was two cup sizes too small. I loved their nursing bras and with the buy 3 get 1 free, I'm covered for pregnancy unless I decide to go up another size. If its your first time going in, they give you a goody bag with your first purchase. The $2.99 parents magazine and american baby magazine deal is good as well since you get extra coupons that can save you money. I will be back when I get a baby bump!
