5	I had a personal client refer me over to this company, and have been through many different print shops locally, as well as out of state.  Miguel and his team of professionals did what they said they would do..... and that was deliver a finished product when they say it will be complete.  I ordered multiple large formatted banners, and I figured this would take a few days with my order, and It was ready the next business morning.  I was unable to pick it up, and this company went out of there way and personally delivered to my doorstep, and was able to talk to me about future prints, and what else they can help me with to better brand my company!I would strongly recommend this printing shop for all your print needs!Thank you again Purple flare Agency for servicing me, as well as all my referrals I have sent to you
5	If you looking for good service and affordable prices this is the place! If you trying to advertise the business give them a call!
5	Awesome service.... he get our jobs done and great quality..
5	I would highly recommend Purple Flare!  The team did an excellent job on making high quality mailers for my company, and were very easy to work with.  Excellent communicators, with work done in a timely manner.  They have a large range of products they offer, so marketing needs are basically covered and available.  Will definitely use them again in the future!
5	I ordered the stickers for my video company from these guys and man they were printed quick and the quality was amazing!  I definitely recommend their business to anyone!
5	Doing business with Purple Flare was amazing. Sevice was great and their work is unique and excellent quality. The owner and staff was very helpful. Looking forward to doing more business with Purple Flare. I highly recommend this agency!!
5	Miguel was very helpful with our design and purchase of a couple stand up banners we purchased for an event. Fast quick and quality service. We will definitely return soon.
5	Miguel & His crew did an AWESOME job! on our wrap And Company Logo.They understand your needs and concept of a brand for your company.We will return for future Services.Thank You!From Las Vegas Cleaning Service
5	Purple Flare to the rescue, opening a retail shop is not only challenging and expensive, Finding the vendors and resources is daunting. I always go to friends first for referals, in this case my friends referals left a lot to be desired. So, I went to Yelp and found Purple Flare. I was impressed and delighted with Miguel and Amanda, I know how important it was to align yourself with like minded professionals, I am thankful that I found them. They go above and beyond in educating you, hearing what you need and producing quality products and service.
