4	I really like this Great Clips location because they are very sweet to my 4 and 9 year old daughters. My kids are hands on and inquisitive, and the staff indulge them and answer their questions, no matter how silly.  All of the stylists that I've had for myself and my children have done a great job with all of us.  We're moving out of the area soon but I might consider driving back to this location for haircuts, because it's hard to find a hair salon (especially in Central Phoenix!) that is truly kid friendly.
3	Come here if you know EXACTLY what you want. I don't usually do anything fancy to my hair, a trim, maybe layers and that's about it. For that reason, I don't care to spend more than $15 for a haircut and Great Clips is good for that. $13 for a cut + $3 if you want a shampoo.Today was my first time there and I got Marina as my stylist, if I can call them that. While I expected just a simple hair cut, she was noticed that my hair was dry during the shampoo (which it is because I don't use extra hair products other than shampoo) and offered some advice on how to restore moisture to my hair. It was a Sunday morning and they were busy, mostly men and children and old ladies-- so if you're a chick who needs more done to your hair such as a consult, styling, hi-lights, etc then go somewhere else. Great Clips is good for simple, straight-to-point, cuts.
3	UPDATE: Yes, Marina is a great stylist.I changed my rating due to yesterdays experience.  I went in about 5:30 and saw that Marina was still there and thought "Oh awesome, I'll get my hair trimmed!"  She said hello and how it's been a while since I've been in. I've been letting my hair grow out so I wanted just a clean up.  She took my number and I sat down.   I ONLY have Marina cut my hair. She's been cutting it for about 10 years now.  Give or take a few.Within the next 30min, I was wondering who's hair she was cutting because she wasnt at her station.  i then saw her with a bunch of stuff, so I figured "Ok she's cleaning up."  Then a woman called my name for a hair cut.  In which i said. "Im waiting for Marina" and she replies with "Oh Marina got off at 5PM.. "Umm.. did someone want to tell me that before I waited 30min??  Marina said that the girl was great and would take care of me, but at that point I was disgusted.  I said Marina was the only one who cuts my hair.   I walked out.Will I be back?  I dont think so.  Marina is great and does an awesome job, but I guess she gets off at 5PM.  I didnt know that. ---------------------------------------If you want a great haircut and a great price, I recommend Marina.  She's been cutting my hair for about five years now and I only use her.  The people are nice there and if you want to get in quickly, I highly recommend going in during lunch time or shortly after.
5	For a great haircut I highly recommend Marina or Suzie, they are the best. Marina has been cutting my hair for years and she always knows what to do. A couple of times when Marina wasn't there Suzie cut my hair, and she is also great!
5	two times a year--in august and in january--they offer a 10-day sale where their $13 haircuts are only $7.99.this is a great deal.. the stylists are exceptionally well-trained and polite.they have an online check-in app that will tell you what time to come in instead of waiting in que!
5	My usual stylist Marina and my backup Suzie weren't there when I came in so I took a chance on Diem-Thuy (aka Christina). I didn't have to worry, she did a GREAT job! She knew exactly how to cut my hair and she was so nice and professional. So, if Marina is your usual stylist and she isn't there don't be afraid to try Christina!
3	Great Clips is what it is....every one who steps into a GC location needs to come in with certain.......EXPECTATIONS, I guess is the word. Let me explain further...~What To Do~Get your hair cut, colored, primped, primed for greatness~The Good~The stylists at each location are pretty even across the board as far as expertise goes. You can go to each location you want and get pretty much the exact hair cut. I still am amazed that no other hair place keeps your hair records like GC does. Why not, other stores?! That makes it so much easier on me, not having to remember my numbers and styles, etc. Also, as always, the discounts they have seasonally on cuts are nice on my wallets, as are the the general prices. Finally, for not having to set up appointments, its pretty fast eating for a cut.. I never have had to wait too long to get my hair cut which is a plus.~The Bad~Is primarily quality of the hair cut. The expertise seriously lacks beyond basic comprehension for a general haircut. I was paying a lot more for much nicer haircuts, but its not a big deal to me since I just need my hair to look decent. But seriously, everyone knows this place is for all the new hair cutters to get their feet wet in the business. If you expect anything more than a generic haircut, be forewarned. If you want a specific style, be wary, for it might not come out how you'd like it. I still think most people whom go here are already aware of most of this. Also, its hit or miss as far as the personality you work with. Some of the stylists are visibly in another dimension at times, they seem like they would rather be a garbage picker than working their....then there are the ones whom go the extra mile. Unfortunately the ones that do just that are the ones whom move up to a better job, oh well..~The Down Low ~This specific location is closest to me and allows me to go get my haircut for a relatively cheap rate. If I get a better job (crosses fingers) then I would really prefer going somewhere else...But until then, its Great Clips. They do get 3 stars, which I think is generous, for their haircut record keeping system, low prices/deals, and quick turnaround time for service when walking in. If you are on a budget, its a neccesity to find a low-cost barber shop. Honestly, I would prefer a local shop, but the deals that you get here are real good. I might change and go with a barber soon, but for now its Great Clips.
5	Wow. I usually go to salons, and that's where I take the kids. But this time, we went in a big group, 5 (walk-in) cuts in total, ages 17,13,13,13, and 8. Total price 66.00 plus tip. Holy good haircuts, Batman! I was really blown away by the level of skill that this place had to offer. Aren't these cheap places kinda crappy? My perspective has changed. We walked in and walked out in about an hour. Craziness.I will have to come back and add names of the stylists. For now, there's pink hair and piercings girl- super smiley, very friendly, and she did a great job on the 2 13 year old girls. Then, there was the other lady. Wish I knew her name.. I think it started with an H. She was also very nice, and very good. The 17 year old LOVED her hair. She's been raving about it for 2 days now. She also cut the 13 year old boy's hair. It was exactly what his Dad wanted him to get. It looked perfect! And then, my boy. A man cut his hair. He was not very friendly. I felt like I was an imposition. But he gets 5 stars anyways, because I honestly have never seen such a GREAT cut on my Son. His Dad wanted him to cut off his long hair and I was really disappointed. His hair is blonde, so when it's short, it looks almost see-through. This guy did an amazzzzzing job and I could not be happier. All in all, I'm highly satisfied! Definitely the new family spot.
3	Not bad, quick hair cut, not exactly the best quality but I can live with it
4	I've been coming here since not long after I moved to Phoenix (2006?) & I've only ever had 1 complaint. Great Clips is great! ;-)
4	Got a haircut by Marina, such a sweet lady :) She did a great job!! Go see her and don't forget u can check in to be added to the sign in sheet w the Great clips app!
4	I got my haircut by Tamara a couple of weeks ago. We had great conversation and she gave me lots of tips on how to grow out my hair. I'll keep coming back to show her my progress!
4	I had a good basic hair cut here last week!  I was really impressed.  The stylist legitimately listened to what I wanted and was able to do a basic slide cut to texturize my super fine Asian hair. I'm not sure I'd come here if I wanted a dramatic change to my style, but for a trim and clean-up as I'm growing out, this is more than sufficient, and you can't beat the $13.99 price tag.
5	Tamara did a great job, and was super friendly. I wanted a simple trim and some layers and she went above and beyond to make sure my hair looked great. No wait time ,quick and friendly service all for a great price. Ill definitely be back!
5	I have been to this location twice - the first was right before a speaking event where I was going to be onstage in front of 850 people! The second was before attending the same event. Both times I came here and was absolutely THRILLED with how my hair turned out! It's very rare to leave a great clips, loving your hair without styling it or "fixing" it once you get home. This place definitely lives up to its reputation as being salon quality for a cheap price! Thank you Kelly and Michael! Both of you gave me fantastic hair!
4	I had been getting my hair cut at an expensive salon for years. I've been growing it out for the last year and finally decided to get a trim to clean up the ends. I bit the bullet and went to Great Clips, and I got the haircut I wanted for the cost of a tip at the previous place. Karla was great; she listened to what I wanted and made good conversation.Tips: - Check in online or on the Great Clips app. It'll let you know what the wait times are at locations near you and hold your place in line. - Normally they just spray down your hair with a water bottle, but you can get a full shampoo and conditioner for just $3 more. - Be clear and say exactly what you want. Bring a picture or say "I want one inch off" and show her where that is on your hair. - The only reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that they don't blow dry your hair at the end. That means you have to go home and blow dry it yourself. It's also hard to judge whether you got the cut you wanted when your hair is still wet.
5	Been coming to Maria for years! All the ladies are great and professional, but Maria is my favorite. She always cuts my hair the way I want it and is super fast about it too!
5	Tanya was the absolute best !!! she did a amazing job and gave me exactly what i waned. shes the tattooed colored hair girl. always go to her !!!!
5	On a work trip I was hurried, harried and hairy. Karla squeezed me in, sized up my hair and delivered a great haircut in 20 minutes while carrying an interesting conversation (unlike the head grabbers I've had who want you to play freeze and stop talking while they grunt and grimace). Such a great experience thinking about scheduling work trips just to get my hair cut here!
