4	A couple of friends recommended this place to me, it's close to my house and I often walk past on my way to work.I firstly did what anyone would do, I sent my mum! She had her nails done before a wedding and came back with praises.So this Saturday, I headed with a friend for a massage and shellac nails.So, downside is, it's not particularly glam, suave or sophisticated.  This bothers me not one whit! I thoroughly enjoyed the massage (which was done in a curtained area downstairs with my friend in a cubicle next door - not sure how I'd feel about a stranger in the room!) and would definitely have again.Nails were lovely and well done too - in a minimal time which was good as we ended up being in a bit of a rush!The thing that really clinches it, is the price! It's incredibly reasonable for the excellent services you receive! Go slightly further into town and you can pay double.So, I say go for it and head along if you can.
4	Go in, get your treatment, leave! That's basically the way of things and exactly the way I like it! All staff are very pleasant and prices are very reasonable and overall good experience, I would recommend 2UBeauty to anyone looking for threading, facials, nails, massage, waxing, eyelashes, manicures, pedicures, spray tans and more!
4	Went today to get a pedicure and shellac my nails. Efficient staff, not the fanciest salon but large venue that offers a huge range of treatments.  Will def go back and look to try other treatments. Great choice of colours for the nails. Now do HD brows which are very popular at the moment.
1	I have just had an extremely bad experience at this beauticians. I went for a Brazilian wax. I was left waiting for 20 minutes after my appointment. I was the. Taken to a room where she didn't close the door or change the towel on the bed from the previous customer. She then waxed around my underwear with semi cold wax. It was agony. Meanwhile the doors open. She finished after 5 minutes and opened the door even further as she had her next client waiting and left me there in my underwear. Absolutely shocking. Such an upsetting experience. Would absolutely NOT recommend.
1	Absolutely shocking, I came here 3 wks ago getting my nails done to go on holiday, i got shellac done, had to go bk the next day to get 2 nails repaired as 2 had chipped, as i arrived on holiday the nex day the other hand 4 had chipped and one had actually fell off.  i went bk after my holiday to get them repaired and was told i had to pay for it even tho it was a bad job in the first place.  this was not the first time that had happened as i have been to the salon couple of times before and i always had to go bk to get my nails repaired again..  while i was there another lady came in to complain about her shellac falling off the next day.  it wasnt until later that i found out some of the girls here are not actually qualified therapists but only trained by the manager.  only a couple of them are actually qualified therapist. never going bk to this place again, no wonder their prices are cheap as they are not even qualified!! i'd rather pay money to those who knows what they are actually doing!!
