4	The new home is going to be repainted in several rooms, and the painter prefers Dunn Edwards.  I was going nuts to/fro trying to coordinate color samples to the some of the current colors in the home.  Finally I asked if I may borrow (have?  they said i could borrow for as long as I like) a palette deck...This deck is 4-5 inches tall, my gosh there has to be more colors for sure in this deck than in the itty bitty store display (disappointing when I first saw it).  So extra star for their generousity and now I feel good there are several colors to choose from... if I can't find some core colors in here, then for sure I'm hella picky.
2	WTF... half an hour total to get a color match paint in an empty store?  Even my friend got testy with the whole experience (that says alot when a completely uninvolved person is annoyed).  The lady brings the can to the back area, and I hear her chatting away forever, until I start haunting the employee area does the can actually get to me.  And then she forgot to tell them the original formula was 125% strength, which I'm trying to figure out if she did it right.  She snatches the can from me just as I'm trying to validate the old vs new label, and I don't see her again for 10 min... and she never comes back out to tell me if the formula was right or wrong.  I'm just left hanging around w/ no other avail employee (someone else actually walked in)  to at least ask pls followup w/ the lady in the back, who I can still hear chatting away w/ the paint matcher guy.  Seriously poor customer service.  Worst part, they did not mix a new can of paint... just squirted in 25% more tint and slapped another label on the can...chinzy and it was her error.I went to Dunn Edwards (vs my standby) cuz I needed to color match what the original home owner's used, but no screw top lid + poor customer service = not coming back when I'm applying new paint.
4	I first became aware of Dunn-Edwards paints when our first home was being built.  The reputation was that the paint was consistent in color, covered well, and lasted long.  That seemed to be the case, so when we built our new home we had the painter use the same paint.  It turned out that was his preferred brand anyway.  And it has held up well.  Since then we've repainted one room (for color change) and came here to do it.  Now we're looking to repaint the garage, so we came here to get color samples.  We will be buying their paint again for this project.Pricing is comparable to (or better than) the higher-quality paints carried by the big box stores, and vastly better than their base-line stuff.
2	When we hired a painter to paint the main area of our house this was the place he sent us to buy the paint. I think some of the other reviewers implied that because their painter used Dunn-Edwards paint that means it must be really high quality. In reality it is because they cater to professional painters and contractors and offer loyalty and volume discounts. Anyway, now we are stuck going there repeatedly so that we can get the same paint for touch ups or other areas that need to match.I don't think their paint is superior to Benjamin Moore or Sherwin Williams. And the service at the store is not good. I have been in there multiple times and had to wait a good long while for someone to help me only to find that they couldn't answer any of my questions anyway. And their painting supplies (brushes, rollers, etc) are very overpriced. For your basic project just stick to Ace Hardware or Lowe's.
