5	I am SO GLAD I found Anne at PULSE Kettlebells and Yoga.  I worked with a variety of trainers and a number of gyms in the Madison area but Anne's training has been the most efficient, specific, safe and hard core that I've ever received.  She knows her stuff!  Period.  She pushes you hard, but never to the point where you are losing form or where you are unsafe.  She gives excellent and consistent feedback, and tailors her feedback to each individual's learning style.  She has a keen eye for subtle shifts in body alignment and knows how to make corrections so that you get more powerful and strong more quickly and efficiently without sacrificing proper form.  After a very short time working with her I had more strength, more energy, a stronger core and, most importantly, more eagerness to return to each workout.  She makes things fun!  Her combination of yoga and kettle bell ensures you are always stretched as well as strengthened.  If I could give her more than 5 stars I would!
5	Anne deserves 10 stars!  I worked out with her twice a week for six months until she moved to Madison, and I even have utilized her e-coaching since she moved.  She has a phenomenal understanding of anatomy (I'm a physician, so I should know!).  She is a terrific motivator. She knows how to push you to work your hardest, but with an incredible positive energy.  She focuses on what makes each individual client unique, rather than having a cookie cutter approach.  I never felt pushed too hard or too far, but man did I see amazing results.  My highest recommendation!
5	I worked with Anne in California & was SO sad to see her move to Madison... you lucky Wisconsin folks!Anne is the only trainer I've had who helped me see actual results in a relatively short period of time (about 3 weeks).  I started with a 6 week program with her and immediately started figuring out how to stay with her longer.  She starts with a great assessment of where you're at currently in terms of fitness, flexibility, posture, etc. and what your goals are.  I appreciated her focus not only on realistic goals, but goals that were more than just losing weight (e.g., shaving a minute off my mile time, fitting into a specific pair of jeans hiding in my closet).She has a variety of packages to pick from depending on your goal.  The 6 week package I chose includes 2 hour-long sessions a week with her, a detailed workout plan for the week, highlighting of a goal for the week, and analysis of my food journal.  The workouts with her are amazing... she pushed me farther than I thought I can go and was encouraging.  In just a few weeks, I was definitely stronger, making better food choices, more confident in my ability to do things like a military press with a kettle ball, and my clothes were looser!When we first started, I was just getting back into running after a long break. Eight months later, I ran my first full marathon and had great improvements in my strength and balance.Definitely try her out, you have nothing to loose (except maybe a pants size) and a lot of confidence and strength to gain! :)
