4	Having been to the Philippines working on U.S. Military projects, I was used to ethnic Filipino cuisines while I was there decades ago.I came to know that an old professional colleague of mine is now a Las Vegas resident and was quite surprised to received my unexpected call. With his directions, we eventually met at this Filipino restaurant for a quick lunch, for I intended to be driving back to LA afterwards that day.However, the quick lunch turned out into a seemingly endless feast of Filipino cuisines and delicacies, as we talked about old times, the best of times, as well as the worst ones in the Philippines and in various countries we've been while deployed overseas.I was glad I relented coming to Fiesta Filipina, instead of insisting for my friend to come over for buffet at the restaurant in my hotel.Incidentally, the word "Fiesta" in Filipino language means feast, and that was really a sumptuous feast we had.The next time I'll be in Vegas, I'll definitely come by this place near the southeast corner of Jones and Desert Inn.And indeed, just like aged fine wines, old time friends are certainly considered the best.
4	Being Filipino, I can't live without my rice and "ulam" (main course)... so for those days that I want to reminisce about my lola's "kaldereta" or some great "sinigang', I will go to Fiesta Filipina.When you first walk in you glance at the TV and hear the "TFC" channel playing in the background... it has a great ""homely" feel with bamboo-style decor.  This place is awesome when you are super hungry and are craving rice, and don't want to wait for your food to come.  It is "buffet" style behind the counter, meaning you point and pick what you want.  They always have a stack of barbecue sticks waiting for you.  But if you like, they also have dishes you can have made to order, like "palabok".Awesome place to go and pick up food if you have relatives or friends in town and don't feel like cooking. ;)You can order a la carte, or by combo; prices are affordable and reasonable, and the food is really good here.So overall, 4 stars! =)
3	I went here once around lunch and it was not bad. I had some BBQ skewers and kare kare and both were cooked right. Definitely hit the spot and was quality.However, I don't think it's good to grab later on in the day....a few days ago I stopped in starving...since I needed to get groceries at 168 and I'd pass out before I can make it home to make dinner. It was at night maybe around 7-8 and I don't think the food has been changed at all and didnt look fresh so I walked out and went to a sit down Chinese spot instead. Bummer. I have been craving filipino food, but not when it's not fresh. So if I'm around early, I'll stop in for turo turo....if its late at night I'll have a go only on their cook to order crispy pata.....mmmm always a wonderful heart clogging treat and made to order palabok.
4	Great Crispy Pata - Best in town.  BBQ, Mungo, battered bangus is all top notch!!!Cheap prices, tasty Filipino food that is well worth the drive.  Decor and seating - needs a little freshening up.  Paper plates and plastic utensils fit the ambiance, but food is EXCELLENT!!
4	Noticed this on the way home from 168 Market, located down North and across the street. Place was decorated with native style furniture and bamboo accents. Typical Filipino Buffet style entrees. They got a good selection of tradtional Filipino eats and fairly priced combos/to go containers..Sinigang na pork (soup/stew with vegetables and pork):  Good amount of pork with just the right amount of sour and salty broth flavor that's so heart-warming!Caldereta (beef stew based on tomato sauce): Tender and Tasty pieces of Beef with its Succulent sauce makes for a Very Successful rendition of this dish! Beef Steak (stir fried / boiled beef slices and onions): Explosive Flavors of garlic, lemon/ycitrusy sweet and soy sauce infused within the thin fall apart beef slices and sauteed onions. Extremely Tasty!Crispy Pata (deep fried pig): How could this not taste good.. Crunchy, Chewy and Porky! Dip it in the soy/vinegar sauce and Enjoy!2 Thumbs Up!! Pretty Good Filipino Restaurant!
1	Service sucks!!! Waited 45 minutes for our medium size lechon kawali to go, and it wasn't even good! Servers had extremely bad attiude! Should have just gone to salo salo.
4	Out of all the buffet style Filipino Restaraunts in Vegas, Filipina Fiesta is my favorite.Its clean, it smells good, the employees speak better english than other restaraunts, the decor is more appealing and the food presentation is wonderful.I especially come to this location for the Sinigang, which is better than grandmas. Yes i said it, "better than grandmas!!!"  It's SUPER sour and filled with vegetables and meat.The portions are worth more than the $5 it costs and they are not stingy on the rice!
5	of all filipino restaurants, this one of the few that i like. its pricier than most filipino fast food places but its still reasonable. they have cool filipino decor and their bbq is AMAZING. love love their bbq and fried banana lumpia. i think theyre always nice too so i'm not sure why some people had bad service lol overall, i think their quality is always consistent.
3	Great place for a quick cheap meal. If your new to Filipino food, I would start off with the barbecue and pancit. If you're feeling more adventurous, try the dinuguan (blood stew) or balut (fertilized duck egg), if available. My mom still makes better dinuguan and pancit but this place is pretty good for price and convenience. I prefer to get take-out because sometimes they play terrible and depressing Filipino dramas on their TVs. The constant crying in the background is not appetizing.
2	I work right next door to this place, I gotta tell yah my dislikes are the fact that they are tooooo pricey for filipino food.lower your cost people.I do love your halo-halo and chicharron bulaklak though.
3	The Panda Express of Filipino food......not bad but not extremely good...but hits the spot when you are in a hurry and want some not so healthy food =)It's a pick and choose your meal type of place with an assortment of things I honestly can't identify.  My go to generally is the pancit (rice noodles) with bbq skewer(either pork/chicken)...just the way I like it low on vegetable, high on protein!  Other items that are good...the beef stew, some days much more tender than other days...so consistency is definitely a little off.  They have a huge assortment of fried goods....make sure you ask before you order...one onion-ring looking item turned out to be fried intenstine...phew....good thing I asked instead of frontin' like I knew what it was ;)  I like the turon....what is there not to like about a fried banana egg roll with a sugary glaze on top.
1	not coming back. tables are dirty, not maintained after customer leaves. food looks very fatty compared to other filipino restaurants. I couldn't even eat my kare kare because the ox part they gave me was all fat. this place is low quality.
5	I was planning on hitting up another Filipino fast food joint on sahara and found this instead.  It was definitely a blessing because this is the best one yet in Vegas.
4	My wife is Filipina, but I'm not a huge fan of Filipino food. I usually only like the Filipino food she cooks. However, I have to say that I really liked my food from Fiesta Filipina. My wife got pancit with BBQ and I got a two item combo. She sent me off to get it. I think I was the only non-Filipino there. I didn't recognize all of the items, so I had to point at things and ask what they were. I decided on banana leaves in coconut milk and kind of like a pork stew. I also got us fresh melon juice and some garlic peanuts.  Everything was very good. I have been to many Filipino restaurants with my wife, and this is hands down my favorite. The prices are very reasonable too. My wife is glad that I have found a Filipino restaurant I actually want to go back to.
4	Good lunch spot in Vegas.
3	Yummy Filipino food. Since I don't know how to cook that many Filipino dishes, Fiesta Filipino is the place to go. It's not quite like home cooking but close enough. I just love their Crispy Pata, probably one of my favorite dishes they make. I have been here a few times and finally got to try their Kare-Kare, it was just okay they over cooked the beef because it was dry and tasted a little burnt.
1	Over- priced for filipino food.  $17 for crispy pata, $2 for a BBQ stick.
4	Fiesta Filipina is one of my go to spots for Filipino food whenever I'm in Vegas. I like the location, selection of food and overall atmosphere of the place.Most Filipino restaurants in Vegas are on Maryland Parkway but this one is located on Jones Blvd. It's in at the corner of a small strip mall. I like this location because it's easy to find and get to. It's also not too crowded.The place is small and cute. Their decor is very Filipino with welcome and goodbye signs in Tagalog. They have kawayan bamboo wood decor around. Their back wall has a neat collage of Filipino celebrities who have frequented the restaurant. There are flat screen TVs on both ends of the restaurant where people can enjoy the latest sport game on cable or something on  the Filipino channel.This place is not a buffet, instead it is turo- turo (Tagalog for point point). There is a display of food ready to eat and you point to which dish you want. They have a vast selection of traditional Filipino foods like kare-kare (meat in peanut butter broth), caldereta (beef stew), Filipino bbq skewers (chicken and beef), beef steak (beef with onions), menudo (pork stew), sinagang ns isda (sour fish soup) and lumpia (Filipino egg rolls).  If you don't want anything from the ready made dishes,  they do have some items that you can order and they can prepare especially for you like crispy pata (fried pork). For drinks, they have Filipino cantaloupe juice and various sodas. They offer dessert too! They have halo halo (Filipino shaved ice) and turon (Filipino banana egg rolls). On my last visit here, I tried the kare-kare, the chicken skewers,  the beef steak and the turon. The kare kare broth on top of the white rice was a winner. I also liked the tender chicken skewers that surprisingly had a spicy kick to it. The beef steak had lots of shredded beef with onions. This one was good but a bit oily. The turon was a nice treat at the end. Crispy and sweet, the turon is a good deal for a $1. Like my previous visits, I left happy and full! I also had plenty of left over to take to-go.This is a good spot to go to for Filipino food in Vegas!
3	I really thought I liked dish place prom when I used to go here. I'd like to gib it dat extra star but shumting ish holding me back.I take the girl here for an after the gym treat. SMART. I got that itch that Filipinos get when they haven't eaten anything unhealthy in a minute. I talk her into going here so we can munch on chicharon bulaklak (deep fried pork intestines), lechon kawali (deep fried pork), and sinigang na baboy (a soup with pork and veges in a sour tamarind base). The bulaklak was ok. I had trouble finding the vinegar. Usually restaurants have a seasoned vinegar sauce ready to go. I had to make my own with whatever sauces and makings that they had on this small table. I had trouble looking for the secret sauce that makes all lechon just that much better. Mang Tomas!?! Where the pho'k are you?! I find it in a  weird container. The sinigan was up to par but wasn't nearly as good as the other restaurants around the way. Both me and the girl only liked the sinigan there. Maybe it was an off day today or maybe I better get my eats at the other spots around the way. I'll give it one more try on these main items. Allthough their crispy pata is pretty on point here. I will give them that.With that said, because of their crispy pata....3.5 stars
1	mediocre . . . . at best!!!
1	Unfortunately, the problem with this restaurant is that everything is precooked.  Went for dinner around 5:30 pm and the pancit was starting to dry out and the pork skewers were so hard and dry we had to wrestle them by hand trying to get them off the skewer.  Those were the only two things we had and we were very disappointed.  This place could be a lot better if dishes were made to order and unless they change we will not go back.
4	Fiesta Filipina (compared to 2 or 3 other Filipino food places we ate at in Vegas) turned out to be 1 of the better restaurants to go to in Vegas, for Pinoy food. I felt that the taste of the food here was 'closest' to home. I ordered fried milkfish with rice, & it tasted like the milkfish we eat in Pinas :) We went on a Sunday & most of the people eating there were Pinoy. It was packed, just like any other food place (on a Sunday) in Manila.
2	I grew up Filipino...or at least I tried to.For $6 for a one scoop rice and 2 choice of items, it's pretty cheap. I had quite a few items from here before. Dinuguan, longanisa, kaldereta, and bistek. I would not get these again, why? It's so damn oily! Seriously, you can see the oil on top of it. Gross. I remember my parents making this kind of food for dinner and it wasn't oily at all.I also had the pancit palabok and pancit guisado. Ehhh...it was just dry as if it was sitting waiting to be eaten since they've open.Bottom line: aight Filipino food. I wouldn't come back here unless if I was desperate to get high blood pressure.
4	This is my favorite place to go to when I'm craving for Filipino food, and I'm not quite yet ready to head home from school. I always get their 2-Item Combo since it's really cheap (around $6) for a lot of yummy food! I've tried their sinigang (ask for some soup on the side!), chicken/pork adobo, chicken & pork bbq, bistek, lumpiang shanghai, beef calderata, crispy pata, and their chicharon bulaklak. I've always left happy and full whenever I ate here or ordered food from here. The food does end up on the oily side though -- which is why this place only gets 4 stars.My favorite here has GOT to be the crispy pata. Good for the tummy, bad for the arteries. Haha! I love eating crispy pata with just rice. Yum, yum, yum! I always bring my out-of-town peeps here! Their place is clean and obviously their ambiance is very Filipino (duh!). I felt very "at home" here and their service is always nice and friendly.Definitely going in for some more.. And more.. And more! :)
1	Been going to this place many times & I really love their foods.  BUT, an incident occurred last week that made me change my mind about this place.  A customer behind me complained that his BBQ chicken stick is cold.  He brought his whole plate to the counter and the server took the BBQ chicken out of the plate. She placed it back in the pan full of sauce with the other BBQ chicken sticks (ewww)! My sister & I looked at the server w/disgust!  Instead, of throwing the BBQ chicken stick that the customer probably touched and bit (how else would you know it's cold, right?), she mixed it up with rest of the chicken that other customers will order not knowing what just happened!  I never thought this food chain will be unsanitary!  We told them they should throw it away but they didn't do such. My sister & I will never eat here again!  Talk about cheap; they're being thrifty!!!
3	Avg filipino fast food. I grew up eating real filipino so the food is ok when u want something really quick and you dont want to cook urself
1	Wtheck happened to this place?!  :( Been going here since I was a teen and I always make sure I visit when I am in town. Why because I loveee their chicken BBQ stick, kare kare, and turon. Lets just say the quality of food has gone DOWN!! The rice is so watery or in other words MALATA. This on its own makes you lose your appetite. My kare kare was full of bones! I mean come on!!! Now the turon is just ok but not as good as I remember. Truly sad that they have changed..oh well what can you do =\
3	It's clean most of the time I go there...but the other times I just get so disgusted out. The tables aren't cleaned properly and there's still so much mess from the previous person sitting there. However, the thing that keeps me going back is their pork BBQ and their crispy pata. Always cooked to perfection when I get it.
5	I hate rice, but there's is awesome!!!! Awesome food and so cheap $7.11 for two items of meat, two big scoops of rice and a can of pop!
4	I've never had Filipino food, and once we walked in to the basic menu and tons of unlabeled food on display, BF confessed it had been years and he had no idea what to order. Which of course just means that we ordered nearly everything: two of their two-meat plates with rice, and a bunch of other added-on take out containers of sauces and stews, plus this and that from their appetizers and desserts section, and we were out the door with a gigantic bag of food for  $25. I have only a vague idea of what each item was, but it was ALL delicious! The pork adobo and a beef stew dish were probably my favorites, the crispy pata was too indulgent for me, the lumpia were downright sinful and had surprisingly little grease, the grilled skewers of chicken and beef were both very flavorful and not overly charred or burned, and the fried intestines were super salty for my tastes- but BF loved everything that I had the slightest hesitation about.There was a vegetable and shrimp crispy pancake thing that was just alright to me, but BF raved about, and I felt that way about the dessert we had- a skewer of round balls that looked like donut holes, had a chewy center, and a slight maple-syrup-like aftertaste.Not only did we pig out, but there were lots of leftovers. Knowing what we like here now will likely make future trips much cheaper- two 2-meat plates with rice for under $11 is amazing pricing for the portions given here.
1	Thought I'd try a new Filipino restaurant in town, but I left very disappointed. Arrived at the restaurant and was immediatley greeted by the staff. We ordered the two meat plate wth pancit, pork adobo, and rice. When we asked for lumpia, we were told there was none left and to try again during lunch time. Next problem was that my girlfriend's pancit was cold, so the lady asked us if we wanted it microwaved. When we answered no she threw it in the trash, and gave us some more. The pancit was slightly warmer, but not much. The pork adobo was tasty, but all of the floating fat made me lose my appetite a bit. Rice was a little mushy but the banana lumpia was delicious! I also appreciate the lady not charging me the credit card fee to buy water.The restaurant had plenty places to sit but there were some serious sanitary issues. When I went to throw our food away, I noticed both trash cans were overflowing with garbage! I could not believe it. And being honest, I had to use the restroom before I left. Unfortunately for me I had to go #2 and there was no toilet seat! Unacceptable!Fiesta is a lot closer to me than other restaurants, with cheap prices and big portions. However, with all the sanitary issues we noticed, I'm skeptical.
1	This is the 2nd time I've been here and they ran out of BBQ sticks and Lechon Kawali by 5:30pm.  It's a popular item so they shouldcontinuously have it available from opening till close.  What a disappointment = \
3	Very nice staff. I like the place it's nice and big. The food was great specially the palabok and turon. They do take credit cards so need to worry if you don't have a cash.
4	Wow...everytime i go to Vegas i always stop by to this place. Their food is tremendous and excellent. So yummy especially their Krispy Pata and bbq. Most of all, d service is really good.
2	Only had takeout that my friend would bring over, but never stopped in here.  Very chilly inside that night, not sure why the a/c was running so high, but when my friend finally showed up, the other dining area was blocked off with chairs and we couldn't sit there.  FF is like a Filipino Panda Express, where you point and choose.  The Laing (taro leaf, coconut milk, meat) was nicely done with a spicy kick.  Not sure what my other dish was, but it was a tasty combination of onions, pimentos, green olives, beef braised in a tomato-based sauce.  The requisite steamed rice was hot and fresh, the pancit passable.  Reason for two stars? If I hadn't been starving, I probably would have walked in and walked right back out. The place REALLY needs a good cleaning--people, just close for a day and freaking declutter and steam clean the whole place!!
4	I love this place. I used to live right down the street from it and would always get my food from them whenever I crave for Filipino food. I'm a Kapampangan, and early in life I was taught what good food taste like. Does this place taste like my grandma's legendary cooking? I've been working in professional kitchens for the past 6yrs, under really great chefs, and no one came close to my grandma. But their food is good enough, better than others actually. They specialize in Kapampangan food, and theirs are the most authentic Kapampangan food I've had in Vegas, aside from the ones we cook at home of course. They have really good crispy pata, pancit bihon, bicol express, bistek, and lechon kawali. They even have karioka which my mom loves. The only negative thing I can say about this place is that they need to stick with the traditional Kapampangan halo-halo with pastillas and macapuno, instead of the Tagalog version, and  their pancit luglug/palabok needs more consistency and flavor; they need to readjust their sauce recipe and put more shrimp in it. Otherwise, it's a good place to go introduce your foreign friends to our cuisine and also to satisfy your Filipino food cravings,
1	If you like poor customer service, dirty restaurant, and bad food then this your place! I can't believe this place is still open. Their cashier is so rude and is always giving her customers attitude and dirty looks. If they have been in the business for a long time, then they should know that their customers are the only reason why they are still in business! So why treat them with such disrespect? SMH! Oh, and don't even get me started on the food. Their beef Caldereta is filled with fats, and no meat. If there was 0 star, then this place for sure deserves it.
5	This was our first time checking this place out and we were so pleased by the friendliness of the staff, the affordable prices and the food is excellent! We certainly will be back.
