5	This place was amazing! The food is all locally grown and sourced.  The techniques are "old skool cooking" infused with a modern plating and paring of food.  The wine list is lovely so you may want to enjoy a flight of wine and share plates at your table.Make sure you save space for dessert.  We shared local cheese plate as well as some sweets.  My son devoured the creme brulee.  The menu changes daily so enjoy whatever is in season!
5	What is it about Montreal? Is there something in the water? There's a certain kind of restaurant that's found only here (at least in this corner of North America: creative food, French-influenced but not traditional; well-priced wine list; friendly, professional and knowledgeable staff; casual elegance; and no pretension. No Toronto hipster vibe, no fawning over high-rolling douchebags, just fantastic food in a convivial atmosphere.Les Trois Petits Bouchons is exactly this kind of place: a beautifully designed cellar room with exposed stone walls and blond wood tables, a seasonal menu written every day on a blackboard, and lots of wines available by the glass.Our meal was nothing short of spectacular: delicate and super-fresh halibut ceviche; grilled octopus with pancetta was a flavour knockout; and the surf and turf for two - a lobster claw and a smallish steak - was just perfectly designed and balanced. The waiter suggested a 1993 white rioja that paired perfectly with the octopus and surf and turf, and felt like a steal at $85. I'd never had a white that had been cellared that long, and it was a revelation.I'd love to go back to Les Trois Petits Bouchons and just have some apps and a glass of wine at the bar, and I wouldn't hesitate to spend $200+ on a special-occasion meal.
5	We love Les Trois Petits Bouchons! My boyfriend first took me here to celebrate a special occasion. Then we came back to have dinner with his boss. Then we came back for a couples night out. Then we came back when my mother visited us in Montreal. Then we found that we were coming back for no reason at all. Everything served here is completely natural, organically grown and free of additives. In particular, we love the wine selection (all the wines on the list are specially made for the restaurant and most importantly, without sulphates; you have never tasted a grape like this!). The menu 'sur le tableau noir' changes regularly but we have never had a meal that didn't make us sing. When we don't want to take any chances and really want to eat a fabulous repas, we come to Les Trois Petits Bouchons.
5	This was the challenge:  Find a restaurant in Montreal for a group of 21 (12 adults and nine children) including one vegetarian, one who only eats hamburgers, two who dislike almost all restaurants, one who doesn't like to spend anything, and at least five who are looking for the best food possible at any price.  So we went to Les Trois Petits Bouchons and it turned out to be the perfect solution.  The children had a table of their own with very accommodating service and lots of delicious things to eat, and the adults had their own festival of yumminess.  The service was casual, enthusiastic, yet completely professional.  The wine was fascinating and very reasonably priced.  The Petoncles Princesse was as good as anything one might find in a restaurant -- a small, raw, impressively fresh scallop, served in its shell with diced cucumber, a dash of wasabi oil, and a spoonful of strawberry puree.If I lived in Montreal, I would go here as often as possible, either to sit at the bar for a glass of wine and a snack, or for a casual dinner, or for another large celebration.
5	Ah-maze-ing!Taking advice from the lovely people of Yelp Montreal, we ended up at Les Trois Petits Bouchons last Friday night. It was cold and dark and threatening some sort of storm outside so the warm cozy interior of this place was very welcome.We took a seat at the bar and had a quick look around. The menu changes daily (from what I've been told) and is on a large chalk board by the bar. If you are not up on your Quebec French you might need to ask your server about a few things. I did see a small English menu kicking around somewhere but I was happy to see we didn't need it. (I can't speak French well at all but I'm happy that I can at least understand a fair bit.)Some beers and wines are up on the larger chalk board but I suggest taking a good long look through their full wine list. It is filled with the kinds of wines that every "good" restaurant should have by default then add a bunch that might make you weep they're so good.We were struck by how this place was such a sensory feast. Everything smelled so good and tasted wonderful. The colours of the food were bright and vibrant. One of the best parts was watching the staff take their time pairing wines, then sniffing them, then tasting to make sure they were perfect to serve. We had a chance to speak with Max and Michel and I loved how enthralled and enthusiastic they were about food and drink. Michel introduced me to Apple Cognac and now I have to hunt down several bottles.This is not a large restaurant but there are two large communal tables available if you have a group. You will find a small number of tables near the bar for couples or groups of four. There is seating for about six at the bar and I would actually recommend those seats so you can see and smell everything. The walls are exposed brick with lots of wooden shelves and a large wine fridge.Prices vary but you can expect to pay between $20-$30 for most mains. We started with the most amazing charcuterie plate that ran about $20 but it was a bargain at twice the price for the amount of flavour on that little board. Add a modestly priced bottle of wine, two mains and desert (with more wine) and our bill came to about $200. I've had meals that were half as good that cost twice as much so I would say this restaurant is actually a great deal for quality vs. price.If you have some time to sit, relax and take in all the sights and sounds of a wonderful restaurant then check out Trois Petits Bouchons.
5	There's something so refreshing about really really delicious, good quality food that is devoid of any kind of pretension. My love affair with this restaurant began when they let me ramble on in French to them as I made the reservation and continued when we sat down at the bar and all of the servers plus the owner chatted throughout our meal with us. They gave us great suggestions for wines to go with our incredible food and, when we had eaten more than we could handle, we were offered a delicious digestif.The ambience was laid back and excellent. The servers were great, the food was unparalleled and I don't ever want to come back to Montreal without eating here!
5	Had a great Soft Shelled Crab "BLT". Clam casosoulette and Veal Chop rocked!
5	I loved the atmosphere here. Exposed brick, grey table tops. a long bar for drinking or dining and also spacious table setting great for groups or a date.The food did not disappoint either. The menu was what to expect from a French or "New American" establishment - some duck, some red meat, some poultry, some fish... But everything had it's own flair.I was most impressed by the horse carpaccio and the veal tartare. I'd never seen either on any menu. We were seated after 10:00, so unfortunately, they had run out of a couple options. I went for the duck, which was very good, but I regret not trying the Coquilles St Jaque - which I'd also never seen before...We were encouraged to try a sulfite free wine, which I did enjoy, but my friends did not....
5	Try the pan seared hallibut, beans, with chorizo ravioli; foie gras; horse carpaccio. Menu is brought to table on a blackboard. Dinner can get pretty pricey. Not a lot of tables.
3	First of all, full mark for the atmosphere which reveals a cozy and dark tone, framed in a brick and wooden design. LTPB is remarkably timeless as its menu reflects the freshest markets have to offer and as its ambiance will fit any winter homebodies or summer strollers anxious to observe the warm streets of Montreal. Note: a party of two might not need a reservation but larger crowds will need one - we found the restaurant to be more of the gathering type.The menu sounded audacious and mouthwatering but the actual dishes failed to deliver. We started with the horse carpaccio and the sea scallops, and we were impressed by the freshness, the balance of flavors and the creativity of the scallops. The combination of ingredients was interesting and each of the four scallops actually revealed four different flavors. The presentation paired perfectly with the elegance of the dishes with a very minimalist Japanese/Ikea approach.Sadly, audacity and fresh ingredients are worth their (high) prices when top quality is reached and we were surprised at how much of a slapdash job LTPB made of its entrees. We had the halibut (wish I can't recommend enough) with chorizo ravioli and the fowl. While the fish really aced it with a very interesting use of the spicy side of the Spanish sausage, the poultry was almost half-cooked and lacked taste.Moreover, the staff has questionable wine tastes and recommended us with a bottle which was inadequate for our food. I would advise that you go by the glass to balance the appetizers and entrees which are too "creative" to ask for one specific wine. Do not go for the Oregon ones but do ask for their sparkling wine as an appetizer. Trust your instincts.Bottom line: great creative potential but lacks the perfectionism for the idea it is trying to accomplish. Food doesn't lack though, you will be full with an appetizer and an entree (this is not a tapas place).
5	I'm pretty sure this was the best meal of my life. My Girlfriend and I dropped in at around 7pm on a Tuesday night and *just* managed to get a table.  Service was personable and impeccable - we shared two appetizers and a main course and had absolutely no room left for dessert. Highly recommend.
5	Hmmmm, where to begin? I guess ideally I would have to thank everyone at LTPB for a wonderful, memorable evening! Sebastien, merci beaucoup, c'etait une soiree tres agreeable! And here is how is went.We arrived at 5:50 pm, a little early, but we received a warm reception and were promptly seated. We were offered a glass of their "bubble of the day", a very nice glass of sparkling wine, with a lovely "amuse bouche". It was the choice of the chef, and that evening it was smoked fish with a poached quail's egg. The combination was nice, the fish was smoky and oily, firm and salty, the quail's egg was soft, smooth, perfect with a little bite of the marinated onion included on the plate, and a confit of what seemed like blueberries and olives (tho I could be way off on that one). I would have preferred to have the above served on a piece of crusty bread or toast, especially to mop up the egg yolk, which was yummy and I couldn't quite pick up all of with my fork . To be fair, just as I was finishing up, they brought out the bread, and I will chalk that one up to us being the first to arrive and the fact that we were served our tasty treat so quickly.We moved on to appetizers, and when we couldn't agree on a bottle of wine, Sebastien suggested a different glass for each course, which really was ideal, since my husband and I ordered very different meals and we actually have slightly different tastes in wine. When our appetizers arrive, Sebastien brought a white bottle for my husband to taste and a red for myself, which he poured out for us a sample. He was bang on for this course, we loved the choices and he poured us each our respective glasses. My husband ordered the gravlax, salty lemony morsels of fish (what kind, I can't remember) and I opted for my weakness, mushrooms! I was not disappointed by the tartinade aux champignons, but had I known the size of it, I would have ordered a half portion if possible, or shared it with my better half. The mushrooms of varying size, taste and texture, in some heavenly sauce danced on my tongue until the plate was empty. It took a while. I could eat that appetizer for breakfast lunch and dinner - delish! Next...I ordered the magret de canard, my husband, the coquille St. Jacques. Again Sebastien appeared out of nowhere with bottles in his hand. Perfect for the coquille, but I was hesitant, so off Sebastien ran, to return with two more choices. Third time lucky and I found my perfect pairing for the duck. The duck was exactly as it should be, perfectly seared, rare, yum, yum yum, and the plate was decorated with a number of interesting vegetables, but the show stopper, seriously, was hiding under the duck, reluctant to peek out for fear of it's reputation. The show stopper was in fact, spaghetti squash. Yes you read that right, spaghetti squash. If I had their recipe, I think I might even be able to get my kids to eat it! Unassuming to look at, but when it hit your tongue, bam! Lemon and pomegranate! - what a wake up call for the taste buds. And a wonderful complement to the beets, and interesting contrast to the earthiness of the baby brussel sprouts. Again, my only criticism could be that the portion sizes are too large. How was the coquille? My husband said good, but I couldn't taste it, too many ingredients in it on my allergy list.Dessert, well, I had no room. Hard to believe but true, since I have a healthy appetite, but the mushrooms did me in. My husband ordered the chocolate cake with almond ice cream - his favorite combination! I did taste the chocolate cake - warm and molten in the middle with a touch of cardamom I think, paired nicely with the almond in the ice cream. No more room for even a coffee, sad for me. So I give a 5 star rating because overall the experience was really enjoyable, the food excellent and the service superb, but I would take a  1/2 star off for the portion sizes. What?!?!? Is she crazy? I know commonly people will take of points for portion sizes that are too small - but too big??? Well my humble opinion is that if all things are proportioned appropriately then I would have been able to enjoy each course of the meal, and had room for dessert and coffee at the end, it has happened before. Perhaps I should not have been such a greedy pig when it came to the tartinade aux champignons, well you taste them and tell me if you could stop eating them before the plate was cleared.
4	Three of us ended up in Les Trois Petits Bouchons for our 3 days trip to Montreal.Definitely recommend you to make a reservations as the restaurant is small, cozy and intimate.. it was even quite busy on a Monday night.Meat lovers heaven and you definitely have a taste of food sourced locally. Our waiter was really helpful, cheerful and eagerly explained what they offered for the night.We ended up sharing Bouchonnailles ($20) as our appetizer, which has assorted of cured meat and sausages (I think I need to start taking notes of the things I am eating!) perfect portion for the 3 of us...For main we all have a taste with wine pairing suggestion from our waiter:Pintade Tortellini ($28) - Guinea Fowl in creamy sauce was just a tad to heavy for me... Tartare de Veau ($21.50)- Veal tartar was fresh and have a great texture... Confit ($18) for my non adventurous friend that always want buffalo wings- A little too try but taste wise was rich and comforting...For Dessert we sharedChocolate Chaud ($7)- Dark Spicy Chocolate Rum "Soup"... kind of like a hot chocolate ...- perfect for a cold winter night... I can have the whole thing all for myself....  (stop rolling your eyes!!)Thanks everyone at LTPB for their hospitality.... wonderful food,  service and companion!
5	What a wonderful experience!! Amazing modern french cuisine.  Great wine.  Knowledgeable and extremely friendly staff. As regular foodies from NY, we are used to some great food but I would put Chef Audrey Dufresne's creations up there with the best in New York!!A great casual neighborhood gem! Something not to be missed in Montreal.
4	The veal tartar was off the hook and the service was really good.  Great wine selection as well.  If you find yourself in Montreal this will be a wonderful treat.
5	We've been here a few times and will definitely go back!One of our favorite places for dinner. The food is absolutely delicious, ambiance is very cozy and warm, waiters are fast and efficient and wine recommendations always make us go chasing this wine in SAQ Selection.
5	Extraordinarily well crafted and passionate cuisine from oysters to risotto. I've rarely been treated so kindly, so professionally, so tastily, as at les Trois Petits Bouchons. Our evening was unstructured, with the chef taking us through a series of increasingly wonderful preparations, some on the menu, most not, including a spectacular prosciutto-wrapped goat cheese that stopped our lively group's conversations mid-sentence in wonderment. It was a rare treat of passionate love for quebecois specialties, lubricated with simple but original beaujolais. Unforgettable. I am humbled, jaded critic that I am.I would give this establishment six stars if the system permitted it.
5	Wow, wow wow!!!  This was like being at a dear friend's dinner party but without all of the social aspects.  The smell alone will melt your heart (and make your stomach churn).The place is quaint, beautiful and the wine list is to die for.  I would have moved in if they would allow.The menu is in french, but the service will allow you to butcher the descriptions or gently guide you.  We shared the grilled octopus - twice!  The lamb was divine but not overpresented.  My companion had the veal tartare, which I must admit I had never even considered as a food option.  How can I describe divine?The location is central - only open for dinner, although we did dine well after 10.You will not be disappointed.  The portions are just right - not the American "super-sized".
5	The tartine de champignons is exquisite. Worth the journey just for that.Pass on the charcuterie plate - it is better than okay but there are better dishes. Quail, veal, seafoods are world-class. The chef is brilliant.Sit at the bar for best experience although a table for two is intimate and romantic. Wine by the glass to suit the dishes individually - don't be afraid to decline the waiter's choice and ask for something different if you want. They are totally okay with that [unless you are being a jerk, in which case this is not the place for you].Every meal we have had here [many] has been memorable. This is a place where you drop over $100 per person and your reaction is "Yeah, but it was worth it."
4	Outstanding restaurant.  From the knowledgeable waitstaff to the amazing tartare's to the divine lamb chops,  this was a piece of culinary heaven in Montreal. The venue and kitchen is meant for a more intimate group, but our group of 9 were seated quickly. The food came slower than expected; but in the end was well worth the wait. Don't know when we'll  be back in Montreal but Les Trois will be on our agenda for sure!
