4	This place is where Amano's Pizza used to be, until they recently closed. In the middle of a lonely, lonely strip mall. The loneliest strip mall in Urbana.I say yay, I'm a fan. For one, I love bakeries. This town doesn't have enough of them!! I love freshly made bread, cakes, pastries and cookies. I have already had 2 cakes from here.The first one was my birthday cake. It was a "Tres Leches" cake, literally translates to "Three Milks". Very popular in Mexico. It is a sponge cake which is SOAKED in three milks - evaporated milk, sweetened condensed milk, and heavy cream. It's very light, airy, and wet. Oh and it's freakin dee-lish. If you have never tried a tres leches cake, then you really need to put it on your list of things to eat before you die.I have had many a tres leches cake in my life, including some of the very finest. This one was very good, although there is always room for improvement. This one was just a little too sweet than what I am used to with a tres leches cake. Now the second cake I just had last night. Another birthday to celebrate and this time, their Cappuccino Mousse cake to go with. I asked them to make it look "pretty" and did they ever!! It was beautiful and charming. The cake itself was light, not too sweet and cappucino-ey. I wish it had been a little more moist though. Goes fabulous with a cup of coffee.  Try their pear pastry slices/danishes. Slices of fresh pear are baked into them. It's like a slice of heaven in your mouth.I hope to see this place around a while. I will be back.
5	I've only tried 2 things here and both were quite honestly fabulous. I need round rye bread for a dip that I was making. They don't normally have it but were very accommodating and made it specially for me. I bought 3 for the extra bread to dip. It was excellent. I have not had rye bread this good since I lived in Buffalo, NY and the Polish bakeries there made the best rye. This was as good. Nice and crusty and so full of flavor. I had to buy a pastry while I was there. It smelled so good I just could not resist. I bought a blue berry muffin. Pretty ordinary you might say, however this muffin was so moist and did I mention full of fresh blueberries. I couldn't stop eating it. You have to go and try this place. I am definitely going back for some of the best baked goods I have found in the area.
3	I have only been here once so the jury is still out but its seems like a decent place.  They seem to mirror a lot of the menu items that Mirebelle's has but for a little cheaper.  I tasted some of the chocolate mousse cake, a couple basic cookies, and a chocolate cupcake.  All were pretty good but nothing too special.  They looked really nice though.  Their drink options are extremely limited.
5	I went in on Thursday and ordered a graduation cake for my son who graduated on Saturday. They did a great job decorating it and the cake was delicious. There was great customer service. The young lady who took my order, Jasmine, remembered my name and greeted me with a great smile.I will go back.
5	Today was my first trip to Rick's and I'll definitely be returning. We got an apricot and an apple "snail" pastry for breakfast and some fruit tart to take home. The pastries were absolutely gorgeous, never had anything better in chambana. The fruit tart was very fresh and tasty. I would say its more just a bakery than a cafe, they don't have many drink options and its not a great place to sit and eat.They do have a wide variety of cakes (whole and by the slice), sweet and savory pastries, cookies and fresh bread. I'm surprised they manage to keep afloat out in the middle of nowhere like that but I hope they succeed and would recommend them to everyone.
4	I want them to succeed.  The Philo Rd. district needs an upstanding tasty bakery.  I hope they are able to expand in coming years to add an Espresso Bar . They definitely have beautiful cakes and tasty pastries.   I have had the fruit tart, challa bread, coconut bread, baguettes and black/white cookies.  I would recommend all of it and am looking forward to trying their scones and pumpkin cookies on my next visit. :)  I'd love to see some kind of "punch card" or loyal customer program that kept me coming back.  Right now, it is off my beaten path and I only make it over there when I remember the taste of their delicious breads.
5	Amazing chocolate moose and fast service. Kind people and you get what you pay for in quality. fair pricing, grand quality. My mom loved her birthday cake :D
5	Rick's is a great bakery. I love their tres leches cake and the croissants stuffed with spinach and cheese (esp in the mornings/early afternoons when they're fresh)
2	Reading all the good reviews and went there with hope this morning, as I am a big tiramisu fan. But it turned out that the tiramisu didn't taste what I expect. Or say, not like a traditional tiramisu. It was just a cake with coffee flavor cream. The crossants look good, but i am not sure whether I will want to return to try.
5	I love this place! Don't let the skeevy strip mall where they are located fool you...their baked goods are fantastic. I first had their chocolate mousse cake at Cafe Zojo and I immediately fell in love. Their sea salt and rosemary focaccia is also fantastic and makes for an excellent steak sandwich at home. My two year old is also quite partial to their cookies, as I am sure any two year would be. Great place and I highly recommend this bakery to all carb lovers.
5	Great Tres Leches and Chocolate Garnache cakes.  Their breads are also wonderful.  They deliver and I have never been disappointed by their baked goods.
5	Rick's Bakery has a nice assortment of freshly baked pastries and breads. I bought the challah bread and the chocolate brioche. Both were wonderful. I could not stop craving the chocolate brioche, and went back a few days later. Again, the chocolate brioche was baked perfectly, and was very fresh. It was still warm when I got home, and it was delicious. I also bought the pumpkin bread. It was soft, fresh, and delicious. The guy working there is really nice. Overall, I have had nothing but an excellent experience, and look forward to going back when it is 8am today.
4	I went down to Ricks on a whim and got a really nice fresh cinnamon roll. Not too sweet, and a great texture. Next time I came back and tried their tres leches cake - delicious! I was also delighted to see that there are tamales and burritos offered now, although tamales might be a Saturday only thing, I am not sure. I tried the chicken tamale and it may be my new favorite breakfast.  My Mexican-American husband also gave it excellent marks for both taste and authenticity.  Burritos are next on my  list...I am optimistic. Ignore the extremely desolate location, this place is worth a visit.
5	Try their alligator pastry and Mexican cookies! So good. Also, after 11am they serve delicious authentic burritos. This is perfect because I can get pastries and a burrito and start my day off with the pastries then eat the burrito later for lunch and dinner. The burrito is big and full of whatever you want to put in it. Really fresh ingredients. [I wish the burritos were served earlier because my day really shouldn't start at 11am. However I can see why burritos aren't served until 11am.]Rick's has delicious pastries and now serves delicious burritos. [Note: They are closed on Sundays. I don't know if it says it on here. I think it does. Don't want anyone to go and then be disappointed they aren't open.] They have tables too so you can sit down there and they have coffee. Oh and everyone is consistently really nice, so the experience is always good.
5	Driving by I didn't even notice this place. For whatever reason I decided to check it out and it was one of the better decisions I've ever made. They have amazing desserts, cookies, breads and burritos. The staff is super friendly and it is so affordable!My son picked out a holiday sugar cookie, I had to have the tres leches cake, and then I ordered 2 spinach and feta croissants. As I was checking out, I noticed that they made pies for Christmas. I ordered a apple pie tart for $8 and it looked fabulous. My order was under $20 and everything was amazing!Please don't overlook this gem! And go get yourself a great!
