5	Short Summary: The fence is perfect, we've been using it for over a month now.  The final price was even cheaper than the original quote and hundreds of dollars cheaper than the quote we received from US Pool Fence.  Michael's concern from the beginning was first the safety of our children and second, our satisfaction with his work.  He was extremely professional, kind, and an honest worker.  If you're interested in how we ended up selecting his services please read further.  My wife and I were moving to the Phoenix area with our three children and the home we selected did not have a fence around the pool.  We didn't know anything about the area so just picked the first reputable company that appeared on a google search which happened to be US Pool Fence.  That company gave us a quote and made a lot of promises but then communication dropped off and we couldn't get a hold of them. We were adamant about having the fence in place prior to moving in so after a couple of weeks and no contact we found Michael at Arizona Pool Fence.Michael was not only friendly and understanding of our situation but also extremely competent and proactive.  He went to the house that day and provided us with a quote and told us he would have everything set-up prior to our move in date, no problem.  We asked about a deposit or payment and he said don't worry about payment until the fence is set up and we are satisfied with the results.  My wife and I looked at each other like, "Is this guy for real?" In fact, compared to our other experience things seemed a little too good to be true!His main concern was the safety of our children from the moment we spoke to him and he meant it, we paid him after we moved in and were satisfied with the results.  To be honest, I would have paid much more for what we received in return and in my mind if you want a mesh fence for your pool (and why wouldn't you?!?) there's nobody else in the Phoenix area that delivers a quality product and customer service like this.
1	Wow, the review I just read from Micah about the OTHER company is exactly how I would describe this company. I spoke with Michael and scheduled an appointment for an estimate. He seemed very nice over the phone. However, he never showed up for our appointment. I called and left a message and my call was never returned. That was about a month ago. I called again recently, left another message and still no call back. This company came recommended to me by a family member and I'm left so disappointment.
5	I received estimates from my pool builder and from other companies, but after meeting Michael I was sold on Arizona Pool Fence. Michael took the time to explain the fencing options and why his product was superior. I had done a ton of research on pool fencing, but I still learned a ton from Michael. The price was very competitive and the installation looks great. The product also has a lifetime warranty. Highly recommend this company.
5	Arizona pool fence installed our new pool fence last week and we couldn't be happier. Michael took the time to explain each part of the fence and how to remove and install it. They were professional and very experienced. The price was outstanding, I highly recommend them for your new pool fence. We went with the brown 5' fence with 1 manga latch gate.
5	We just had a pool fence put in by Arizona Pool Fence. It looks really nice and clean. I was really pleased with the face to face quote and customer service that was provided. We chose the dark brown fence over the sand colored we had in mind, because of Michael's recommendation - so, so glad we did. It is way more transparent, and we can see the pool super well. Our price matched the quote exactly, and they came right out to get it installed. They arrived on time, and cleaned up quickly. I also really like that AZ Pool fence takes every measure to ensure safety. Super happy! Highly recommend!
