4	***CHAIN ALERT***The Good Egg... There couldn't be a better name for this spacious restaurant devoted to serving you the tastiest breakfast ever (okay, maybe not EVER! But pretty close).  They have a great variety of Omelettes from the classic "Denver" to (my favorite) the "Hey, Rickie!"  Their pancakes are great! Light and deliciously evil (or Evilly Delicious?).The atmosphere is pretty close to a typical breakfast diner, but you don't have the chore of watching the cooks sweating over the hot griddles.  They have a small breakfast bar in the center and plenty of tables.  The outside area is pleasant with shaded drapes to block the hot AZ sun, and the eyesore of the strip mall.Even if there is a line, it moves pretty fast and you are seated before you know it.  This location is right by my house, so we have eaten here plenty of times and I have never had a 'bad trip'.  Overall, nothing TOO special.  Just good food, clean, friendly attitude, and fast service!
5	The is our favorite place for breakfast. We take everyone here when they visit from out of town. We've never had a bad meal out of all the times we've eaten here. I have been to several of the locations and they are all fabulous food and service wise. The lunch menu is yummy too! They offer some healthy choices as well which is always important!
4	Great breakfast.  Served quickly.  Tremendous service.  It's a chain, but it does one thing and does it well.  BREAKFAST.  Getting hungry just thinking about it.
4	I have eaten at two other Good Egg locations -- Phoenix and Scottsdale -- several times each. They were never very good. This is why I was so pleasantly surprised by a great omelette today at the Good Egg on McQueen and Elliot. It was very tasty, with lots of fresh veggies done the right way. (So many places leave them practically raw so they don't have to worry about overcooking them.) And NOT GREASY, which was always the problem at the other locations.The potatoes were just ordinary and I would have liked them crispier, so my four stars is for the great omelette, unfiltered apple juice and good service.A good point about the service, which shouldn't be something unusual for a popular restaurant, but unfortunately it is: The meals for all eight of us came out all at the same time, and nothing was forgotten. I can't tell you how many times I've been out with a group when half the table waits five, ten, or even more minutes for their food, or when side dishes are forgotten and brought out much later. At this Good Egg location, the waitress was helped by two other waitresses so we were all served at once.
2	went here yesterday for a late breakfast-at-lunch-time, first time and as always based on previous reviews ... so here is my two cents. I was glad there was no wait, which actually surprised me. Clean, cute country decor. I liked the water pitchers on every table. The lemon inside was a nice touch, but have to say that to a ice-water-and-lemon-freak to me, there was too little ice and too little lemon. But I don't like overwhelming people with special requests so I didn't say anything. Although I'm sure it wouldn't have been a problem - everyone was very friendly. The menu was fun to read with lots of options.  Notably, side item substitutions are easy and standard. Ok, on to the food. My husband had an 3 egg omelet, which while it was good, was smaller than we expected and have had elsewhere. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with turkey, which was also just ok - not great. The smoked turkey was incredibly over-salty - I left it on the side. What was wonderful were the pancakes, which gave my ratings the two stars. Unlike anywhere else I've been, you can specify if you want the extra ingredients mixed in or just on top. I did ask without knowing and it paid off! They were truly scrumptious, light, fluffy and delicious. Next time I go, it might be alone but for those pancakes it would be worth it! Also, they offer a card which you can get stamps on with purchase of an entree and some days are double stamps. After 6 stamps you get a free entree. This is awesome! I will be back soon.
2	Not impressed.Feels like a Dennys.  I suppose if you MUST eat at a chain restaurant it would be OK... but life is too short to eat at chains. So I will never go again.  For breakfast only- it's hard to mess up eggs!
3	Nice little breakfast place. My only gripes have to do with the laws of Arizona regarding dogs.
5	The friendliest staff serving really good breakfasts in a super clean environment.  I eat here often and the food is always hot and served exactly as requested.   I feel more like I am among friends than in a restaurant.
4	Came here in a daze after not having slept for a loooong time and flying in to the airport with Dad; reminds me of the nice breakfast diners in Chicago, got the combo with turkey sausage (still greasy--defeats the purpose), eggs (always the same everywhere), french toast (more white bread, nothing too special but filling), coffee.  Nice atmosphere and no major problems, would be great for the weekend brunch!
5	My favorite for bacon and eggs.Bacon is thick, smoky, and delicious.Breakfast potatoes are diced and cooked perfectly.Toast is thicker than most and topped with real preserves.Over easy eggs just the way I like them and not greasy.All you can drink coffee and you're ready to go.
4	After an epic night of partying it was the next day and we needed to hit a spot for breakfast... Entered the restaurant it was really busy there was a 15min wait it want really fast. We were seated our waitress seemed less than happy to be there... I on the hand could have been anywhere that sold food. I looked over the menu and ended up going with (Old Pueblo) Chorizo & mild green chilies on top of potatoes under melted cheeses, topped w/2 eggs cooked to order* & Pico De Gallo. Salsa & flour tortillas on the side...  I rate the meal as followed.Old Pueblo - B+I would order this again for sure it did the job for me... So if you have a hangover and want to feel better after that epic night this is the meal for you.
4	Quick and good service.  Good breakfast food.  Makes me a happy hungover person :)  The bacon was good, my friend got the french toast and it was cinnamon-y, yum! I also liked the buttermilk pancakes, and their potatoes.  Nothing wrong here, but nothing too fancy.
3	This was my third time at this The Good Egg. It is a nice place with friendly staff and no wait. The food is good and I like the fact that they give you some guidance on calorie count per meal.  With this place being so close to home, it sure beats the McDonald's across the street.
3	Like Denny's... OK, better than Denny's or IHOP (iPoop), but there are much better breakfast joints nearby.Two suggestions: Brunchies & the Hanger Cafe (Chandler Airpark).All that said, this place isn't bad. The staff is crazy friendly and we saw them interact with some of their regulars like they were family! I'm guessing some of the old farts we saw there go there every day!
5	Erik, the manager, is extraodinary - he makes guests feel valued, which isn't always the case at other establishments.  This morning I enjoyed breakfast at this Good Egg - Erik greeted me quickly and Sandy, the server, got my order correct.
5	Everything is great! Erik, the manager is exceptional! He goes out of his way to make customers feel like family. Ask for Kelly. She's very good at suggesting alternatives if you're looking for something a little different. I love the Macho Nacho Benedict with barbacoa beef and more black beans (less potatoes). Fantastic!
5	Great food, and an excellent service experience. Erik and Sandy greet patrons by name and make everyone feel welcome, which is a rarity in this industry demographic.
4	Macho Nacho Benedict so amazing!
2	I will not be back. I've been here 3 times because they are so close to my house, each time trying to see if maybe I'm wrong. Well 3 strikes you're out. The pancakes had way to much baking soda or powder and the omelets are overcooked. The only thing that was good was the sip of mimosa I had. Not impressed.
5	The service here is the second to none. The food is veryConsistent.  Pancakes Are to die for!!!!
5	Very friendly great service excellent food Terisa was an excellent server I was in a hurry and got my good very quickly
3	I give them a 3 star rating because the food was good but we ordered 2 juices and the waitress never asked what size we wanted and automatically poured us the large. The prices are small $2.00, medium $3.00, and large $5.00. I have to say that paying more than $3.00 for any juice is outrageous and price gouging in my opinion. We told the waitress that we wanted small juices when we realized what the prices were and we saw her take the large back to the kitchen. The small juices were not much larger than a shot glass anyhow. I know this is a profit area and I get that, but $5.00 for a small water glass size juice is outrageous.Food was hot and fresh and the service was great otherwise. They used to give all tables a pitcher of ice water in the Mesa location we used to frequent. I don't know if they stopped doing that but we did have to ask for ice water.
5	Excellent service and food. We go every Sunday before I go to work and sometimes we are running late so we call ahead and order. We already know what we want because we get the same thing every week.  I also really like that they have stevia in the raw to sweeten my coffee. Every one working there are friendly and prompt.
5	What a wonderful breakfast place!  Sandy, our server, was absolutely outstanding catering to our every wish with a smile! The food was great, atmosphere perfect!  Will definitely be coming back!!
4	Great breakfasts, and not as crowded as some of the "trendy" spots nearby in Gilbert, which can have completely ridiculously long waits on the weekend. Started coming here for that reason, and really like it. They have probably the best hash browns I've ever had (you have to ask for them, country potatoes are the default breakfast side), and great omelets. Service is generally very good, though can be a bit of a hit and miss. Will continue to be a regular.
4	One of my favorite breakfast places.  I've tried several different options and so far haven't found anything I didn't like.  It's a little pricey but worth it for the quality of food.
5	The hubby and I have been meaning to try this place out for a long while now and we finally got around to trying it out. The restaurant is clean and welcoming. Immediately upon walking into the door we were greeted and sat down.  We brought our girls with us and we all got our drinks. The kids drinks are a little small both kids finished their drinks before the food even came out but they were able to get a refill to go with their food and the drinks were spill proof and had lids which is an added bonus with how accidents happen with kids.  We got our breakfast and the kids were happy with their pancakes. I got the Eggs Benedict. I was surprised at how many different types of Eggs Benedict but I ended up going with the classic type. The eggs were wonderfully done and the country potatoes although very simple were really good. When we got our check, I was surprised that they asked if we wanted any of our drinks to go. That's not something a restaurant asks you on the way out and its a nice option to be able to get your drink to go so you can take it with you. All in all the experience was very nice and we will for sure be coming back.
5	This place never has a long wait, always has delicious food, and their snicker doodle coffee roast is very delicious, a must try!The staff and even the manager is always super friendly, upbeat and always helpful.
5	It's been a few years since I've been at The Good Egg. I don't remember if I didn't like it or was just underwhelmed and opted to not go back. I can't say that about this visit. WOW, I left full, impressed and wanting to go back ASAP!We came in around 10 am on a Sunday morning so we expected a brief wait, it wasn't bad, maybe 10 minutes at the most. After being shown to our table we were greeted by a super friendly girl named Tarisa. I ordered the mushroom caps and she quickly had a suggestion for me. Apparently there are mushroom caps that aren't on the menu that have feta, mozzarella, tomatoes and pesto. Sure, why not! I appreciated the suggestion and liked all the ingredients she listed. The only problem was, I couldn't have imagined they were going to taste so phenomenal.Without her suggestion, I never would have left that happy. I will be back SOON and will not even consider ordering something else. I didn't care about the eggs, potatoes and English Muffin, granted it was all wonderful but the star was the mushrooms. Please put those mushrooms on the menu!!Tarisa's phenomenal service has gained your restaurant a repeat guest!!
4	Went there today for the first time for a late brunch. Was slightly hungover. The interior was your typical homey restaurant type feel minus any soul. Great service. Good hot sauce selection, anyone that carries Green Tabasco is "ok" in my book. Liked the pitcher of water they leave at table. Arnold Palmer was slight heavy on the lemonade, which was so tart it was like a slap to the mouth but in a good way. Good menu, nice selection without overloading with choices. Was in the mood for breakfast, something Ordered the 'Macho Nacho' - two eggs over a bed of hash browns, barbacoa, black beans, strips of tortilla chips, served with sour cream, guacamole and a couple tortillas on the side. What can I say, pretty damn delicious. Tortillas were interestingly thick, but went well. Ordered the eggs over easy but came out a little too solid. Dish was so good I forced myself to eat all of it and was uncomfortably full the rest of the afternoon. Definitely a solid breakfast spot.
5	The Good Egg is one of our favorite breakfast spots in the valley. The food is delicious and we enjoy frequenting this location since it's so close to home. We typically go during the weekends. Going on a Saturday for lunch is not as busy as Sunday. We have tried a handful of menu items and none of them disappoint. My favorite is the nurse bialy. It's a filling meal but very healthy option. The Good Egg does a great job at highlighting menu items that are under 500 calories/light choices or placing them in one location for the health conscious to locate easily. My hubby loves the skillets! All of them. Life is too short to have crappy breakfast. Go to the Good Egg and treat yourself to something delicious.
