2	This was my first time going to a hot pot restaurant and I would definitely suggest everyone try it at least once because it is a really cool experience!I went as part of a group of 6 people which made getting food out of the pot difficult because people were constantly reaching over each other and I felt like I was almost fighting for food.  They had a good selection of meat and vegetables to go in the pot but seafood and lamb are an extra charge.  They also had a selection of sauces but you had to physically get up from your table to put some in your bowl.The waiter had a hard time understanding us when we ordered drinks but we ended up getting two different kinds of slushies (it's only $5 for a pitcher) and they were delicious.It is a very cool concept but I think it may be better suited for a date night or small group.
4	Hey, uptown hotpot! I quite liked my dinner here. The ambiance isn't great, but the selection of meats was great and the broth choices are nice too. I got the spicy Mongolian broth, which wasn't too spicy. The service was fine, though we twice ordered the Chinese cabbage and twice didn't receive it. I saw the waiter giving it to other people, though, so I know they hadn't run out. Very strange. Anyway, I'd definitely go back. Definitely will get the sirloin again, and the enokis too. They also have "black fungus," aka woodear mushrooms, which are my favourite. The beef balls and fish cakes balls were subpar, but pretty much everything else was tasty.
3	Was excited to try out hot pot for the first time as my roommates said its awesome. I thought it was a little expensive but wasnt too disappointed as there was a huge selection of meats and vegetables. The only thing they can work on is to hire waiters/waitresses that speak a little better english and to make the rice less mushy.
1	I went today at 5pm, and there was no indication that it was closed as the sign said open on Tues-Sun until 10:30pm. I came in with a group of 4 others and one man greeted us and asked us how big was our party. We replied 5 and he said he was "the only worker there" and "we were too big for him". He looked extremely confused as to why we showed up and the rest of the place was empty. He didn't explain to us if there were workers that were supposed to show up, or if we would expect abnormally long wait times, or if today was an anomaly because of the snow. He basically just turned us away. We wanted hotpot so it literally requires him to turn on a burner and slice meat. He doesn't even have to cook. What is the point of leaving the restaurant open, or even running a restaurant if you don't adhere to your hours of opening. Genuinely confused at how and when to eat at this place.
