5	From what the owner, Franklin Batiste told me, this place just opened up. There are 2 locations with the same name but independent owners. I went to this location while on vacation, in search for houseblends. This was 1 of 4 spots I checked out. let me say this. The lounge in terms of luxury is not luxurious. It is a simple cigar lounge with a good variety of cigars. HOWEVER!..... If you are looking for the ultimate stick at a tremendous bargain, then you need to try their houseblend, robusto, maduro. You know how there is this myth that the best part of a cigar is a third down? Well, do you know the difference between a good cigar and an awesome cigar? A great cigar is great since the beginning! This stick was absolutely phenomenal! I would rank this stick as top 3. And just to give you guys some insight to my other favorites so you know my feedback that comes from someone that knows: Padron #26, Bolivar Especial Petit Belicoso, Ramon Allones, Montecristo #2, well you get the point. The cigar impressed me so much, I bought his entire inventory! No joke. Franklin is a nice guy, he's from the Dominican Republic; Tell him "Tony" sent you.
4	Okay I am not sold on the name of this place because cigars from Cuba are illegal. I asked the guy working here if the cigar maker was from Cuba and he told me no and that the person hand rolling their cigars was from the Dominican. Yeah I'm confused too.All I can say is that I really enjoyed the Las Vegas Dominican Cigar Factory...see doesn't my review make more sense now. We walked into the giant humidor and looked around. There were cigars everywhere. I always love the smell in here. I am not a smoker but it just is so fresh in here. I let our cigar expert in the group pick out a cigar for me. I use to allow myself 3 cigars for fun times like this when in a group but it has been almost 7 years since I've smoked one. At first I almost said no thanks but decided let's do it!!! I do not encourage others to smoke because it is bad for your health. I sound like a public service message. This location is in a strip mall and if you are cutting through the parking lot, then you will find a 2 foot wall you will have to jump down. Please be careful because you do not want to break anything.We did not hang out to smoke them but there was a chair and a flat screen here if you wanted to do that. The nice guy working also cut them for us. I must say the cut was really good. I usually cut off too much. He also gave each of us a nice box of matches in case we needed a re-fire!
5	Last year my son was turning 18 and I wanted to get him a Cuban cigar. Well a guy from work told me that he could get them, but then on the day of my son's birthday, he told me he did not have anymore. However, he told me that Padron is the best cigar for the money. I must of called every cigar place in Vegas with no luck and if they had Padrons, the price was outrageous. I finally, had to give up on the idea of getting my son a Cigar because i ran out of time. When I went to confirm the restaurant reservations I had made for my son at Buca di Beppo on Paradise, I saw a sign that read "Las Vegas Cuban Cigar Factory." I tell you, the place was a life saver and they even had Padron cigars at reasonable price. Janeth's was the clerk that help me out and it seemed like she new her cigars. She even gave me a coupon for Buca di Beppo. Since then, I've been trying to go in there every two months or so. Today my grandson Nicolas' will be born. I had to stop by and see Janeth, I new she would hook me up. Thanks for all your help Janeth.
2	I've gone to this shop 2 times since it is close to my home. Most of the cigars are dry and break when you try to cut or punch them. The shop is be remodeled now this may be part of the problem. It is managed by the owners and they are very knowledgeable with their products and very nice people.I will try this shop again when the remodel is finished and if it has improved I will definitely write another review.
5	LOVE the selection.  LOVE the owners.  Whenever we come to Vegas (which is often), hubby and I have to stop in and pick up a few sticks.  They have a big walk in humidor and many MANY cigars to choose from.  Cigars for every taste and wallet.  If you do not know what you want, let them know what you like and how much you want to spend and they will give you great recommendations.The location is right off of the strip, so it's easy to get to.  Don't let the strip mall scare you off, if you are a cigar aficionado it's worth the stopAnd LADIES, if you want to buy your special man a nice cigar or two and have no idea how to go about it, stop in here.  I promise they will help you choose the right one.
3	3 stars for our first visit, but I will return. Their supply had been wiped out by a few conventions that were in town so it's hard to give them a higher rating without a great selection to choose from. Although, by looking at the empty boxes they normally do have a good amount of choices to choose from so not really a big ding on their part.The lady helping me was very friendly and fairly knowledgeable. I ended up grabbing a handful of the locally rolled sticks and will give those a try in the next week.I will be back and would recommend others stopping by as well. Hopefully their stock will be replenished next time and I can bump up my rating.
5	i like coming here, they have a big selection of cigars and a good price range .The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable with good recommendations.They are very helpful every time i come.. i highly recommend this shop.
5	I was traveling out of town on vacation and ran low on cigars. Found reviews for the Las Vegas Cuban Cigar Factory on Yelp and thought I would give it a try. It seems like I was not alone in my search of cigars. Apparently several Canadian and UK visitors had gotten there before a did and took advantage of their great selection. None the less, the woman who runs the shop helped me to find a great selection of great priced sticks to satisfy me. I would highly recommend their house brand of cigars that are rolled by them. They were great and now that I am home I wish I had bought more. The flavor and burn was nothing less than excellent. Go to this shop but only after I go first! I will be calling ahead on my next trip to reserve more of their house brand.Thanks.Page J.Lebanon, Ohio
