5	As with all Ironman competitions, especially in North America, one of the hardest and trickiest things to do is registering for one.  Forking over $500 is the easy part if you can even get a spot.  Registration for an Ironman race opens up the day after the race allowing those who stick around first dibs, which is where the majority of the slots are snatched before allowing online registrations.  Even then you have many people waiting online ready to pounce and selling out in  a matter of hours.  Ironman Arizona, being fairly new and as an early season triathlon (April) dissuades people because it requires long cold winter training days stuck indoors while mother nature lets her bowels loose across the country.  But no more, treadmill and trainer sessions will give way to sultry summer workouts because race organizers have decided to move it to the end of the season, November.  2008 will see two Ironman Arizona races, the last early season race in April replaced by the November race. Ironman Arizona is well organized, well marked, and very spectator friendly with the bike and run course looping three a piece.  The swim takes place in Tempe Town Lake.  I've heard horror stories about the water quality but I personally had no problems swimming in it.  The early morning sun makes it difficult to see when you first start off the one loop course.  The bike course is relatively flat but every other year so far the wind has made it difficult to pace evenly, it's either at your back or in your face on this 3 loop out and back course.  The 2007 race had wind gusts reportedly at 30mph.  What many people don't realize about a flat course is that it requires constant pedaling, there is no reprieve going down a hill because there are none.  The wind can also be a source of trouble on the mostly flat 3 loop run course.  With aid stations fully stocked at every mile I found it unnecessary to run with my hydration belt.  When you finish make sure to have a clean set of warm clothes to change into so that you can stick around a bit and cheer others on.Completing an Ironman is a race like no other.  Even with hundreds of triathletes alongside you on the course suffering just like you, you are on your own to do battle against the 140.6 and are only victorious once you cross the line and hearing your name along with.."you are an Ironman!"
5	Wow...I witnessed my second Ironman yesterday and watched my brother cross the finish line with tears in my eyes.  I am so proud of him!For those that don't know, this is the BIG ONE!  It consists of a 2.4 mile swim, 112 mile bike, and a 26.2 mile run... elite athletes like my brother train for months for this event.  It paid off too - for the feeling of crossing the finish line and hearing the announcer say your name and "YOU ARE AN IRONMAN!"The race is well-organized and from what I hear, they have 3,000 volunteers for just over 2,000 participants - people volunteer and have tasks such as bodymarking (putting the athlete's # on them), sunblock rubbing, transition area guarding, guiding on the course, helping get athletes out of the water, handing out gatorade, cola, chicken broth, power gels, fruit, and more... I believe that this was the last April race and moving forward the AZ Ironman will be in November.  No matter what month or where an Ironman is completed, it's a huge accomplishment!  Congrats to all of you that have completed (and even attempted to complete) this amazing race.
4	I'm with you Gabi! Ironman Tempe April 2008 was amazing. It was an absolute treat to watch some 2000 people compete in the ultimate test of physical endurance. The race was well organized with hydration and food stations set up along the course. It was a heart warming and wonderful event to witness!Congrats Zack for a strong finish and best to those who have the fortitude to get out there and compete! Anyone who has the courage to register for this event is a hero in my eyes.
5	this was an amazing experience that takes dedication, committment, passion and love.  Lilke a fine cook uses the freshest ingredients in their meal preparation, what you put into it is what you get out.  this was the most physically demanding, and mentally challenging event I have ever participated in.  In the end, it was all well worth it. In fact I look forward to the next one.  The event was well run and extremely organized. The crowd support was amazing and motivational.  I look forward to volunteering the future to help the next iron athletes achieve their goals.  the day was the hottest day in AZ to date at 95 degrees for the year and had 25 mph winds.  This made the finish line even more sweet.  of the 2035 or so athletes we saw a 19 percent attrition rate of people who didn't finish. this is one of the worst in Ironman History. This was no doubt due to the extreme weather conditions.  In the end of a race like this its not longer about time but rather finishing and pushing through the temorary hardships mentally and physcially.  I was so elated to have made it to the finish line I didn't even hear the announcer say my name.  However, it didn't matter. Embracing the medal at the line is like embracing your newborn at birth. You hold onto that puppy like your life depends on it and feel so relieved and full of joy that words can't even describe the emotion.  I encourage anyone who is thinking about embarking on an ironman journey to make the first step .... SIGN UP TODAY and good luck. Zack
5	IMAZ 2007 140.6  (2.4 mile swim, 112 mile bike, 26.2 mile run)My Story:So the race was on Sunday at 7am.  I got up at 3am to get ready (i went to sleep at 12am), eat breakfast and to get to the starting line by 5am.  My friends pick me up at the hotel and we roll down to the start.  It's still dark, but we make our final overview of our bikes, and make sure all our stuff for the bike and swim are in order and get body marked with our numbers on our arms.  Make a few port-a-potty runs, continue to eat crackers, banana and drink a bottle of sports drink.  Around 6:20, we start to put on sunscreen and put our wetsuits on.  We get to to dock of the lake around 6:35...the pro's are in the water as they start 15 minutes before us.  We jump in at 6:45 as we have to swim about 150-200 yards to get to the starting line.  The national athem is sung and then a big BANG and the race is on!  I was in the front of the pack and the faster swimmers were swimming by me, hitting me, bumping me...but it wasn't too bad.  I just knew I couldn't stop or else it'll be like stopping on the freeway and I would get pounded.  So I just kept swimming until it thinned out a bit.  The swim was a one loop course and the first half of it was directly into the rising sun.  So it was very difficult to see where I was supposed to be swimming.  I just followed where the other swimmers were swimming, but because I couldn't see very well I was zig zagging in the first half of the swim. Also in the first half of the swim I saw one of my friends swimming next to me!  What are the odds of seeing your buddy amongst 2000 other swimmers! (mind you all the swimmers look alike with the swim caps and black wetsuits on).  So we swam a lot of the first half together, just like training.  Finally when we hit the turn around the sun was to the back of us and I was able to swim much straighter and got in a good consistent rhythm and finished strong.  I got out of the water after swimming 2.4 miles in 1 hour and 35 minutes and I was feeling pretty good.  Got my wetsuit off with the help of some wetsuit strippers (haha)  they have volunteers that pull your wetsuit off.  Then jogged to the area where I had my bike stuff in a bag.  Put my helmet on, glasses on and my bike shoes on and off I went.  A volunteer found my bike and I got on my bike and out I went to start my 112 mile bike ride which consisted of 3 loops of about 37 miles each loop.  took me about 5 minutes to get from the swim onto my bike. I decided to take it easy on the first loop and just get the first 37 miles out of the way as warm up.  I felt really good and I was going at a decent speed.  The first half of the loop (18 miles or so) was a slight uphill ride and the 2nd half of the loop was a slight downhill ride.  Since I was going at a pretty good speed going "uphill" I was thinking to myself I must be having a good day!  I continued to drink my mixed sports drinks ( i took several different brands so I wouldn't be stuck with one flavor) of MotorTab, Accellerade, Gatorade and water.  Around Mile 8 I pulled out my peanut butter and jelly sandwich and ate it.  When I hit the turnaround on the bike, I realized why I was going so fast...There was wind pushing me up the hill!  So now I was going against the wind going down the hill!  Going up the hill I was going about 18-24 mph, coming down I was going from 9-12 mph.  Now, at around mile 30 I hear a whoosh, whoosh, whoosh and realize that is the sound of a flat tire!  I was saying, it couldn't be me!... but it was.  So I pulled over and thought, maybe this is the end of my Ironman journey, right here, right now.  I had borrowed some race wheels from my friend and the tires are different from regular tires and therefore, I never changed this type of tire before!  But I got the tire off, put on a new tire that I was carrying (the race tires, you have to carry a whole tire and it has no tubes!).  And off I went, back on the road.  It took me about 20 minutes or so as I had to read instructions hahaha since I never did it before,  but now I had no spare left and these tires are not patchable.  So I continue to ride but realize I have to face the winds, so when I had the wind behind me I knew I had to use it to my advantage and I tried to go fast in the wind as I knew I would be going slow when I was going INTO the wind later on.  They have aid stations every 10 miles with gatorade, water, bananas, power bars, power gels, oranges, and so I would continue to eat something at each station.  At least an orange or something, as I knew it was going to be a long day and I needed all the calories and hydration.  After the flat repair as I am riding, I see people that I used to be next to before I got the flat!  They were a few miles in front of me...arghhhhhh.  to be continued...
5	Eventually I reach the last loop of the ride and the winds seemed to be picking up as the day went on.  I heard it ranged from 20 mph up to gusts of 35mph!  I reach mile 100!  12 more miles to go!  I'm feeling relieved that I am almost done with the bike ride!  but even 12 miles going into the strong wind means I will be on the bike for about another hour or so!  Then at mile 107 I feel something in my tires!  I'm thinking to myself oh no, not another flat!  I look down at my rear tire as the front ones were fully inflated.  But I couldn't see as the tires are so thin and the wheels itself were black.  So I dismissed the feeling and told myself I didn't have a flat and continued on...just 5 more miles!  At mile 109 I realized I must have a slow leak, or a flat.  But at that point, I knew I didn't have another tire to change it with and even if I did, it would take another 10 minutes or so...so i just told my tires to hold on!  At mile 110 I knew I had a full flat as I felt the rim riding on the rubber of the tire.  But before the race I was reading about these race tires and I read somewhere that in emergencies that I could ride these tires with no air!  I deemed this situation to be an emergency and decided to ride the last 2 miles in with the flat.  The race tires are glued to the rim, so i didn't want to make extreme turns as the tire can come apart from the wheels (if the glue doesn't hold) and then I would have to walk the bike in.  I didn't want to walk 2 miles, with bike shoes and a bike!  so I was very careful on the flat tire.  I finally made it to the finish line with my flat tire!  I was so relieved!  A volunteer took my bike and I jogged over to get my running shoes and cap.  Then I had 4 women volunteers put on sunblock all over my body.  I probably would have enjoyed that much more if I wasn't so tired from the bike ride.  One was on my left leg, another on my right, another on my left arm and shoulder and yet another on my right arm and shoulder.  Awesome!Then off on the run I went...there were many people cheering me on, so I couldn't let the crowd down, so I jogged for a few minutes before I hit the main course.  At that point I decided I needed to get my legs back under me, as my legs were really tired after the long bike ride (not to mention my butt hurting too LOL).  So for 3 miles or so I decided I would just walk, get some nutrients in me and hydrate.  I had some beef jerky on me which I decided to eat around mile 2 as on mile 1 I couldn't take anything in!  the beef jerky tasted really good as it had some substance, sodium and something to chew on rather then liquids or soft things like banana's and power gels.  Around mile 3 as I was walking uphill, I started walking like a drunk person!  I realized I was dozing off!  That has never happened to me before!  It's exactly like when you doze off when you are driving!  But thankfully on the run they had an aid station at every mile and at the aid stations they again had gatorade, water, cookies, pretzels, oranges, chicken broth and coke.  My choice of nutrition/hydration on the run was a weird combo:  orange, chicken broth and coke and once in awhile cookies.  Usually cookies and oranges don't go well together, but that day it did!  The run course was also a 3 loop course.. after I got the first loop out of the way, I decided to jog the downhill and walk the uphill to conserve my energy.  Then I met a lady from Louisanna who encouraged me to run.  So we ran together for a few miles.  It was funny cuz she had a southern accent and she was just sharing some of her stories and then when she found out I was single, she was like "we gotta find ya a nice southern gal now don't we"  in her southern accent.  It was quite funny.  But then I lost her when I got to mile 14 or so where they had my special needs bag (its a bag where you can pick up in the middle of the run, and you can put food, clothes or anything else you want), and since it was windy and getting a little chilly, I put on my long sleeve shirt under my jersey.  There I saw my other 2 buddies and we took it really easy on that 2nd half of the 2nd loop.  So on the 3rd loop I tried to get them to go faster and I would run when they took their aid breaks or bathroom breaks, but then I didn't see them anymore, so I was on my own.  The 3rd loop was my fast run out of the 3 loops of running!  As I neared the finish line, I had a burst of energy (I knew I could have pushed myself more, but I needed to conserve some energy so I would be assured of finishing at least!) and flew down the "chute" as they call it.  It's a narrow path with the crowd cheering you on from both sides.  I saw a guy in front of me walking in, but I was in full stride and I could hear the crowd cheering louder for me cuz I was running in hard.  I was high fiving the crowd that had their hands extended, and I heard the announcer announce "Jason Hong from Placentia California...You are an Ironman!"  wooohoooooo
5	http://www.vimeo.com/1188862video my buddy made...I'd just like to thank all the volunteers who made it happen.  Without everyone out their braving the windy conditions, none of could have made it...so much kudo's to you all!  And the city of Tempe for hosting such a great event to make so many dreams come true.
5	I just came home from watching my brother compete in his third Ironman.  I have to toot his horn and mention that he finished in 11 hours and 29 minutes, his best time yet.  Go Z!Ironman AZ is insane.  For those that don't know.  The Ironman triathlon consists of a 2.4 mile swim, 112 mile bike, and 26.2 mile run.  Yes - all in one day!  It's inspiring to watch these incredible athletes.  The city of Tempe and Ford, the main sponsor, do a fantastic job making this a spectator friendly event as well.I'm not sure I'll ever compete in a full Ironman, but perhaps a half. (I've done a Quarter distance before as well as Olympic and Sprint triathlons).  But as long as my brother continues to compete in the full distance, I'll be out there cheering for him and being an extremely proud sister.Congrats again to all of you that competed today!
5	Extremely well run eventFriendly and helpful volunteersSwim was cold!!!Bike was harder than expected...Run was reasonably flat
4	I had the opportunity this last November 2009 to cheer on my beautiful and fearless friend Jordan on her first Ironman endeavor. I arrived around 6 AM and stayed through her 10 PM completion. The event was very organized, excellent parking, signage, traffic control in general. Certain areas (especially in the morning from the swim to bike transition areas) it was close to impossible to see the competitors. Throughout the day I truly enjoyed hanging out with my friends (we had an RV parked off of Rio Salado Pkwy) while cheering Jordan on. I did feel slightly guilty as she burned over 6,000 calories exercising I was in the sun, enjoying a little In-n-Out burger. Consulting with Jordan after, she agreed that the transition areas were extremely organized, her packet and all corresponding material was simply top-notch and would do the event again in a heartbeat!
5	Wowee, so I've always thought people that did Ironmans were cookoo for Cocoa Puffs. Well slap my ass and call me Cooky Cocoa..I now can officially say I'm one of those crazies.Hats off to this well organized event. The volunteers were awesome, the people that stayed all day to cheer..THANK YOU. Those that cheered me on and called out my name, not even knowing me..ya'll rock.The swim was a brisk 61 degrees, brrr! but aside from a handful of people swimming on top of me or getting kicked a bit in the face, the swim wasn't too shabby. Thankfully the day was partly cloudy so the sun wasn't in our eyes on the swim out.The bike, whooaa nelly. Arizona can really produce some freakish wind. Can we say 20mph headwind and crosswinds? It rained and hailed on us too some. I held onto my bike for dear life heading back down on the Beeline. I was cursing at Mother Nature on that bike, but what can I say..they never said an Ironman was easy. Definitely a challenging bike course. I've never BEEN so happy to get off my bike and run a marathon!The run was relatively flat. 3 loops. I was taunted by the In N' Out that was located at the end of one of the bridges every. single. loop. No worries I got my fill of Double Double and Animal Fries the very next day.Overall a great race. The volunteers rocked as well as the people cheering. It was definitely an awesome experience for this first timer.My favorite motivation sign of the day "Chuck Norris never did an Ironman".No siree, Chuck Norris never did, did he? That must make me a badass right? Sorry, had to toot my own horn just a little...
4	I'm with Yvonne R. - this was a wonderfully organized event.  Most Ironman races are supposed to be, but theory & execution are two very different things.  The entire weekend went off pretty flawlessly & I felt welcomed and taken care of no matter where I went.One thing I wasn't crazy about was the athlete dinner on Friday night.  The venue was nice to look at, but it was quite chilly outside & we couldn't sit through all of it.  The food wasn't so great, but it was still neat to be amongst all the other athetes.  Maybe next time we can have some outdoor heaters or something?  Just a thought.Before the sun came up on race morning, we were being herded into the 60 degree water & up to the starting line.  Thank goodness for wetsuits!  After the pros took off, the directors & the Mayor of Tempe gave us some words of encouragement, pumped us up with some music, & fired the cannon.  Off we went into a mass of bodies and dark water.  I enjoyed the swim, save for the last 300 meters or so when someone decided to unzip my wetsuit.  Thanks, dude.  At least it was easy to get off once I climbed those stairs out of the lake!Lucky us, the weather decided to be wonky this year, complete with crazy winds & some rain action.  Yay for us.  The only place this was extremely noticeable was on the bike, which was a 3-loop course meaning we hit headwinds every single time.  I swear, the last 8 miles took forever thansk to the 20-30 mph gusts.  Ugh!  The volunteers were great at handups & never lost their energy while cheering us on.  One tiny complaint: please put a 2nd (or 3rd or 4th) bathroom at the special needs stop.  Definitely a small holdup there due to lack of facilities.  I like cycling, but boy was I glad when the volunteers snagged my bike from me!  Nor did I miss it much as I headed out for the final leg of the race.The run was also a 3-loop course, but that just meant I was better able to get my bearings.  It was fairly flat, though repeating one large hill 3 times got to be a little daunting.  All of the aid stations were well stocked & had enthusiastic volunteers.  You'd think the whole "You're doing great!" thing would get old, but as the sun goes down & it gets cold, you're thankful for any encouragement you can get.  Again agreeing with Yvonne R. - Chuck Norris never did an Ironman!  Thank you, hilarious spectators!I don't think I can say enough about the fantastic spectators & volunteers.  Since the course was multi-looped, you could always count on someone being nearby to cheer you on.  The finish line was full of energy & lit up brightly for the entire city to see &, as soon as you're done, a volunteer is there to take care of you.  I also got to shake Chrissie Wellington's hand after I crossed the line.  How freakin' cool is that?!  Overall, it was an amazing race for my first Ironman & I had a blast.
5	I can't say enough about how amazing this race experience was. It was my first 140.6, but I have done Ironman brand 70.3 and other 70.3s before and the amount of support and organization pales in comparison. The entire weekend was well run and flowed smoothly. I know everyone complains at the cost of these events, but you can get a lot out of the entire weekend and the sheer number of volunteers and staff at every turn was amazing. The race itself was a blast. I've never felt more support out on a course and every turn had someone cheering for me or ready to help. The aid stations were well organized and while there were a few places on the run that I felt needed more lighting, the roads for the bike course were very well maintained and the transition areas were well-staffed. While the addition of the 2 lap run course instead of 3 laps added a few more rolling hills to the marathon, the bike course was flat and I loved the 3 loop ride since after 1 loop I was still refreshed and after 2 laps I was SO close to being done (easier to swallow than a halfway done point in my opinion....) The swim was in Tempe Town Lake and while I heard no end to the nasty water rumors, I had no issues and honestly it didn't taste bad at all. We did the practice swim and while the water was cold, it was perfect for the distance... by the time you get to halfway point you are plenty warmed up, but not overheating.. by the time you are done, the water feels just fantastic. I was also worried about the stairs you have to climb up on to get out, but just pull up and sit on the lowest step and then using the railings to stand up. While completing the race and hearing Mike Reilly tell me that I am an IRONMAN was obviously the highlight of my year, sticking around to party and dance in the stands waiting for the final finishers to come in at midnight might be my favorite part of the entire experience. The entire culture and community behind IM is incredible and if/when I decide to train for a 2nd race, it will hands down be an IM branded event because they pull out every stop for a flawless, well-oiled race day.For the race we stayed at the Best Western on Scottsdale Drive. This was a great location as it was only about 1 mile walk to the Athlete Village/Starting line. It is also directly across from In N Out burger (a post-race MUST) and a Jersey Mike's subs (night before meal) and Starbucks. The only warning I have is that the Best Western is very close to the run course, so you will have to fight temptation to stop running and go lay in your bed ;) We were concerned because there was an ASU home football game on Saturday night before the race. Thankfully we were facing the stadium and Tempe Town Lake, but here NONE of it! The hotel is also only like 500 feet from TTL so you can access the trails for a warm up ride or run easily.
5	I've done four Ironman length races (three branded, one "generic") and so far, Ironman Arizona was the BEST. First, in comparison to a non-Ironman full, you get what you paid for here. I did Vineman full, which cost half the price at around $300, cheaper, actually, because I did the "buy two get the third free" with two friends and split the difference. I can truly see where all that money goes: the organization is seamless, the volunteers amazing, and absolutely EVERYTHING is taken care of. No guess work at all, and anything you might need is gonna be there for you-- wetsuit strippers, people applying sunscreen, special needs bags called ahead and handed to you, so on and so forth. (At Vineman, you have to find your own bag and stow your own gear at T1-- not as convenient!) In comparison to the other two Ironman races I did, which were Ironman Los Cabos and Ironman Cozumel, this was the best in terms of support and preparedness. Maybe it's just because the other two were in Mexico, so it was a little harder to get information, but regardless, Arizona's been running for a while now, making it a well-oiled machine. As it's popular and people want to volunteer to be guaranteed an entry slot, there are an abundance of volunteers, making it one of the most well supported races you can do. Ironman village and the expo are awesome, you will find no better course for spectating, as everything revolves around the same transition area. This is extremely important, because getting your family to follow you around is a huge source of stress if the course isn't intuitive. There's plenty of room on the bleachers for watching the finish, which I encourage everyone to do until midnight-- seeing the last people hobble through is unbelievably inspirational.It's a very fast course, with a flat bike leg (windy yes, but it's always something, and headwind one way generally means tailwind the other-- in my experience we didn't have much crosswind) so it's a nice choice for a first Ironman-- it's also still my fastest Ironman time to date. The fact that it sells out in SECONDS every year is proof of this!!  The swim is kind of gross and crowded-- it's like water polo in a dirty puddle-- but it's still worth it. Just survive the first mile of getting punched in the head by aggro tri men and you'll be ok.Again, not all brand name Ironman races are created equal-- IMAZ cost the same as the other two I did, and they were far inferior, with worse support and organization. This is definitely the one to do if you're in this part of the country-- but I'd suggest signing up to volunteer and spectate the year before, or most likely it will sell out before you get a chance to pay your giant entry fee, and will be stuck paying twice as much for a foundation slot.
