4	OK, it's Subway so you get the general idea of the place.I am a fan of this particular location for a couple of reasons:1.  Parking - there is lots of it as it's next to a Bashas supermarket2. Lunch Prep - they always have around 5 sandwich artists at this location at lunch.  They draw a brisk lunch crowd but move through it quickly3, Ingredients - Their sandwich toppings are always fresh - never looked like they had sat out too long like some other places.That's it!
3	Like the other reviewer... yup... its a Subway. It's always clean, plenty of parking, and this particular location is never very busy.I love the $5 Footlongs... can't beat it when I don't feel like cooking.
4	Subway is the perfect place for a quick bite to eat when it's 110 degrees out and you don't feel like turning on the oven. Everybody who works here has a great attitude and gets those sammiches done just right. So it looks like there will be a BMT calling my name this week.
5	Close to my work +1. Even when there is a lunch line to the door this place moves quick +2!  They always have a good amount of staff to ensure that customers don't have to wait too long and on the several occasions I have been and gotten different staff, they have all been exceptionally nice +2.  All in all this place has consistently good food, great staff, and they understand the lunch rush sense of urgency to get back to work with hot food!  A+
4	We visit this Subway on work lunch breaks for my fiancee.  It's fast and the food is always fresh and tastes good.  The workers greet you the minute you walk in the door and they always have a sufficient amount of staff to handle those crazy weekday lunch time crowds.  Both of us had the meatball subs, cookies and soda.  Everything was exactly the way you'd hope it would be for a Subway sub.  Cookies were freshly made and tasted as if they were baked in the last few minutes.  Great visit.  No doubt we will be back.
5	A quick note that the lunch team working here seems to have been together for a long time and are hands down the best Subway staff I have seen anywhere.Kudos for handling the lunchtime crowd so well for so long.
