4	On my mission to find out where all the ornamental food in Vegas is. I stumble across Teriyaki Madness. WHEEE! I'm crazy! It's madness. Don't you know I'm loco.Ok so this place is your signature fast food asian bowl joint. Guest starring Teriyaki Chicken and Beef. I usually get the spicy chicken. The portions are decent and food is pretty fresh. I like the flavors they use from fresh ingredients. This place is cool if you're dieting too! They have a low carb menu: where you can have Brown Rice instead of White. You can substitute stuff like Noodles instead of rice, Fried rice instead of white, Stir-Fry veggies instead of rice/salad, White meat instead of dark, etc...So yea ok I don't consider this fast food because it's not really processed! It's not fast food....it's convenient ;)
2	Complete Madness!!!  Well, the spicy chicken is at least.  A very simple Asian menu of rice, choice of meat and salad.  But the salad dressing is amazing, the spicy chicken delicious and the rice...well its rice, but top it all off with the made-from-scratch teriyaki sauce and I'm sold.  A quick and easy meal you can get to go and is priced very reasonable.  I've only had the spicy chicken (which is amazing), but I don't know if I would venture to any of the other options.  The spicy chicken had me from the get-go.
5	Located in close proximity to the buffed and toned of the 24 hour fitness, Teriyaki Madness is the essential place for rice bowls. Always busy and always good, my favorite thing here is probably what the work out junkies miss, the macaroni salad!! I picked up lunch and ordered a Teriyaki bowl with all white meat, white rice (you can get brown for all you health food guys and gals) and a side of macaroni. Like any good Hawaiian terikaki the macaroni salad is creamy and crunchy and never tart. You can get beef or pork but I just can't seem to get off what I always get, I will admit I really should venture out and try the stir fry or the beef, but I give this place five stars on this one dish alone that I have ordered so many times. I always fax in the order at 702 248 8623 and it is ready for pick up and I avoid the muscle bound line at rush hour work out hours. Thank you Teriyaki Madness for making healthy food so good!! (well most of it ha ha)
1	I'm not impressed, pricing is high, and Samurai Sam's in my opinion, gives you more food and is much better taste-wise and selection-wise...I tried this place because it had a coupon for free chicken bowl from the RJ, so I decided to go down the street to try it, they should include veggies for the price you are paying...good thing I got it for free...
2	I went to Teriyaki Madness after a workout.  It's in the same shopping center/strip mall as my 24 Hour Fitness, so it's in a great location for those wanting to scarf down some protein and/or carbs.  I was kind of skeptical because it's not Samurai Sam's (the best teriyaki chicken bowl place on the planet imho) but the windows displayed those "voted best in las vegas" signs, so I figured I'd give it a whirl.Service is what you would expect from the guy who's just there to work the register - pretty non-existent.  You just walk up to the counter, give your name, your order, pay and go sit down.  I got the chicken breast teriyaki bowl.  This comes with LOTS of chicken, steamed white rice and teriyaki sauce.   That's it.  I also picked up a bottle of Powerade Option, the availability of which was a pleasant surprise.  The total came to just over 8 bucks.  There was also the minor annoyance of a 35-cent surcharge to use my debit card.After waiting what seemed like nearly 10 minutes for my order, I finally got a chance to eat.  First of all, they put next to no teriyaki sauce on my bowl.  Just barely enough to dampen the chicken.  I actually had to use soy sauce later on with my remaining rice the teriyaki was so scarce.  The chicken seemed genuinely cooked as the exterior was downright crispy during some bites.  But once you got down to business, it was quite rubbery.  Not good.Odds and ends:  The place is relatively small.  Just a few tables surrounded by barstool/wall counter seating.  Plenty of reading material such as the Las Vegas Weekly to keep your mind occupied as the food is cooked.  Oh, and big ups to selling Powerade Option.  A con that's certainly not exclusive to Teriyaki Madness is those debit card receipts that ask you to put down a tip.  I feel guilty not giving one, even though it's for service that doesn't deserve it.  But I digress.All in all, I'm sticking to Samurai Sam's for my teriyaki fix.  I wouldn't return to this place unless I was starving and the Subway next door was closed.
2	I repeat what someone else said: I am not impressed.  I had the chicken teriyaki, which came with a sad little iceberg lettuce salad and some glycerined pseudo-Italian-like dressing in a tiny plastic cup.  I was underwhelmed by the flavor of the chicken. The taste improved after I added what I assume is more teriyaki sauce (from another plastic cup) but still, so little flavor!  I won't be back.  An acquaintance of mine loves this place, though- says it's won the Best of Las Vegas award more than once.   Honestly, it seems any place can win that award.
4	Man I miss Vegas.Just moved to the Bay area about a year ago and can't find anything close to the sauce they use on the spicy pork....I CRAVE this sauce. And you MUST...I repeat....MUST get the gyoza....add a little sriracha in the dipping sauce and you're good to go!I'm not giving it 5 stars because I agree with the comments regarding service. The owner is cool...but everyone else is either weird or boring.I visit  T-mad everytime I come back "home" to Vegas because I'm that addicted...Maryland pkwy use to be my homebase location...but I've also frequently visited the Warm Springs/Durango and had great food and service there.
2	Two stars cause the salad was crisp. The chicken was terrible. They should use a higher quality of meat. The service was horrible. Somebody please tell me where i can get a good chicken bowl
5	Staff is real friendly and the spicy chicken is yummmehhhh.NOMNOM
3	Whenever I am craving teriyaki and want to go some place fast, Teriyaki Madness always is the first place that comes to mind.Compared to some of the other Teriyaki places it is a little pricey. But all others lack when it comes to taste and variety. A simple bowl already comes with great flavor. When you add the sauce they have, the taste is magnified. My only wish is that they would get more locations around town.
4	Fast, Friendly, Tasty, & CHEAP!!!Quick & Easy fix for my Japanese Food cravings. The Katsu & Beef Teriyaki are my Favorites.I suggest opting for the "All White Meat" optionI LOVE the Teriyaki Sauce!!
5	I eat here all the time 3-4 times a week! order it spicy hot I been to all locations and this one is the best one in my book. Never dry all ways fresh
4	I been to all the locations in town and I must say this one is the best. Never dry all ways fresh
4	Spicy Chicken and Teriyaki beef bowls are the staple to get here. Fresh and made to order meals well worth the price.
5	Best teriyaki in Vegas period. Teriyaki Boy sucks and the only reason I go to Samurai SAMs is just because their egg rolls are grilled. Been going to this location for about two years and never had a bad meal. I go four days out of the week because it's healthy and it taste great. My favorite is the spicy chicken and noodles.
4	Ok, I've tried some of the other "teriyaki" mom and pop places in town....and by far...TMAD is the best! Get the Most portions for your money don't waste your money on those other places! You actually get alot of chicken versus massive mound of rice.Great salad dressing, always fresh and full of flavor.
3	Found this little joint yesterday and had a pretty good meal.  The meat is griled the right way with a little char on the meat.  The spicy chicken had a good level of spice on it, plus you could add more spice with the sauce on the table.  I was surprised that the bowls didn't come with any veggies.  My fault for not reading the menu.  But I was impressed by the selection.
4	The boyfriend and I love this place when we dont feel like cooking or eating out at a restraunt. Its quick easy and really tasty. The price is right, the portions are great, and it still tastes delicious on day two! Personally I love the spicy beef and my only complaint is that I always think it could use a little more sauce.
5	The place has changed since I last went here. Great improvement.Awesome staff!! The beef teriyaki was great and their orange chicken was heavenly.
4	Alright so my bf eats here literally everyday for lunch on his lunch breaks and wouldn't stop talking about it so i decided to go with him one night. Food is pretty dam great I can see why he would come here so much. We got the spicy chicken plate which is what he always orders mmm very delicious and very very spicy which I likey! My Lil man got the kids Teriyaki chicken bowl which I stole a few bites from also delicious. They have generous portions good quality food and its fast I don't blame my bf for being so obsessed with this place its pretty darn good.
5	The food was awesome!!!!!!!
4	Best chicken bowls in town! Love the spicy chicken as it is always hot and fresh. We also take home the bowls and use them to take lunch to work... free tupperware!!!
4	Good fast healthy option.
5	consistent and decent portion sizes, plus it is better and cheaper then Panda.  So hands down i will continue to visit the Madness of Teriyaki.
4	Massive portion sizes of good, healthy food for cheaper than Panda Express.  Their chicken is definitely my favorite, but most other meats are good (I'd steer clear of the beef though, mine was burnt and lacking much flavor).  The service here is also great, with friendly staff and very fast service.
4	Love this terriyaki joint ! Scrumpdiliumptious.
4	Love their spicy chicken and noodles.  Quick and convenient.  Nice sized meals.
5	Stop. I like this place. I don't want to hear that this place is some generic watered down Japanese food restaurant or something.  I don't think this place was made to be authentic.  It's catering to a broader audience or to first timers who want to get their feet wet with some Asian food, or people who  just want that quick Asian food fix  without the full menu experience  I've had the chicken, beef, pork, and katsu plates. Their house dressing for their salad is unique like a sweet vinegerette. Their gyoza and shrimp tempura is just like what you'll find in any Japanese restaurant.  The food is flavorful and made from scratch and made to order. Sizable portions that are satisfyijng to your belly. Service is quick and courteous. It's great fast food without the grease and the short order cook with a spatula banging on the bell yelling "Order up!"
4	T-Mad is awesome!  Every time I come here, I always leave satisfied.  The food is always fresh and very tasty.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu but some standouts are the teriyaki chicken, beef, and the spicy chicken.  For a healthy option, I substitute stir fry veggies.  The only reason it's not 5 stars is because of the up charges for substitutions.  Pretty much every substitution costs at least a buck.  By itself it pretty cheap but ads up with options.
5	Great food! Introduced this place to my family & now their hooked too. After I work out I love grabbing a healthy chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies for dinner :)
4	It's delicious.  That's really about it.  Like most Teriyaki Madness locations it's located conveniently close to a gym.Low carb option is awesome.  They'll put the teriyaki sauce on the side and give you salad instead of rice/noodles.Everything is fresh and not too greasy as opposed to what I recieved from Teriyaki Boy.  Price is reasonable with the exception of the substitution charges.  It seems like everything has a charge such as noodles instead of rice.  I think they even charge for brown rice over white rice.I don't believe it's on the menu, but spicy beef is where it's at.  I know the spicy chicken is on the menu, I'm not sure about the spicy beef.
1	This location does not sell fresh food. I went at 11:00 AM and got the orange chicken bowl. The chicken was extremely soggy and inedible. This food was disgusting and a huge waste of $8. I will never go again. I also waited over 10 mints for these leftovers. Panda express across the street would of been much better quality.  I love teriyaki madness over on stephanie street, the chicken is fresh and crunchy.
3	This place is pretty damn good.The only down side about comming here was i ended up droping my god damn phone in the toilet .....and had to get a new one :(. But other then that you know lolChow mein noodles-Not sure if they had a sauce on them or not but they were very tasty I would for sure order these again,and for a side order they give you enough for 1-2 peopleTeriyaki chicken bowl- It came with steamed rice but you could pick brown rice if you so  choose,or veggies. The chicken was moist and flavorful and it was freshly made. Glad i came here on the whim that i did,well for the most part lol.
2	They use cheap meat. Ends up being chewy and not edible. Not worth the money they charge.
5	Me and my honey went to try this place and I got chicken Teriyaki with vegetables and white rice and she got the katsu chicken and white rice and everything was really fresh and good. Would eat there again.
5	Consistently pleasing food and friendly service! And their sauce is WONDERFUL! I usually get a monthly coupon in the local mailers and use that to dine in or take out. This is definitely one of my favorite local spots.
3	We were craving teriyaki rice bowls and found this place on Yelp. Based on first impressions the place had potential as menu was extensive and somewhat impressive. We tried the beef teriyaki, combo of chicken katsu and chicken teriyaki. Flavor was ok but the food (and the rice) was dry. Were we supposed to compensate by adding their house teriyaki sauce available on each table? We got the shrimp tempura for my 2 year old and it was good. During our time there we noted the place is also popular for take outs, a lot came in just to pick up their orders.
5	I've been a huge fan of Teriyaki Madness for years!  I always order the spicy chicken bowl and add vegetables with white rice.  It's not exactly the most healthy choice from their long list of healthy choices, but it's not like a cheeseburger or anything.  And plus, I'm Asian so the whole brown rice thing just doesn't do it for me.The chicken is grilled to perfection with a sweet spicy sauce.  They give you teriyaki sauce you can pour over your bowl, but you don't even need it so if you're on a healthy kick, skip the extra sauce.  The food is still so delicious.The bowl is huge and should probably be eaten in 2 sittings, but again, coming from an Asian family, eating one meal in 2 sittings is just unheard of.  By the time I finish my bowl, I am so stuffed and satisfied.  I've never ever left Teriyaki Madness unsatisfied.
4	I had ordered a bowl of pork.  The meat was cooked to perfection, and filled half the plate.  The other half was carbohydrates (rice).I will be nice to get a greater proportion of meat than rice.
2	Don't go to the blue diamond location. The food is bland and undercooked. The Maryland location has been a favorite of ours, but when we tried the Blue Diamond location it was awful !!! Spend the gas and go to the Maryland location !
4	ONLY Teriyaki Madness I'll go to! Portions are big, food looks like what it's suppose to look like, and it's on the healthier side! Stir fried veggies with tofu & chicken is the way to go!
5	I not a huge fan of teriyaki bowls so I always order the spicy chicken yakisoba and it is so delicious!!! The portions are huge so I always save the rest for later. The shrimp tempura is also quite tasty!
2	The spicy chicken was good, what you expect to get when you decide to eat from Teriyaki Madness. The macaroni salad however, was not, and I was quite disappointed. The coolness of the macaroni salad against the spicy of the chicken is my favorite part of the meal. Based on my most recent meal, this TM location doesn't know how to maintain a recipe. I spoke with a Mgr. named Jose who told me they hadn't changed the recipe but they did change the mayonnaise they use. To me it tasted like less mayo had been used and more celery had been added... whatever it was, it wasn't pleasing to my palate. After calling the location to inquire about a changed recipe, I understand why customers come here to vent. Small business owners, franchise owners/operators, PLEASE train your employees how to answer the phone!
5	I always get the same thing because it's always good the beef teriyaki is soooo goooood....I don't get any thing else and the spicy chicken ain't that bomb lol but if u put siracha on the beef yummmmmmmmmmmy and I almost forgot the Mac salad is bland or it sucks I get the side salad because the dressing is so addicting xtra dressing pleasseeee! My kids love the side salad because of the dressing and my boys love the orange chicken....everytime we go our bills like $70+ but like they say food is highly addicting
5	Great portions , fresh food , amazing customer service ! Very convenient parking and great area one of my favorite spots
1	I frequent this location and this review is based on customer service experience , good food , unhappy service. I have stated always visit and like the food, my disappointment is that asking to order the bowl with what comes with teriyaki chicken , I've asked for no sauce and to be grilled chicken as per my kids age 5 and 3 do not eat it. Not a complicated request , I think ? To be told my manager says this is the last time we will do that . Sorry to say we will no longer be ordering or visiting this business again. Lost a frequent customer, please think about being in a service business , minor customer request should be accommodated .
1	Food tasted ok, not bad and not amazing.The setvice is great. The only reason i give them 1 star rating is because they forgot to add my side dish to the orders i made, so we are basically eating just the meat and the rice :)So check your orders when you pick them up when you order to go.
4	This place is delicious! But it isn't my favorite teriyaki spot. I ordered the spicy chicken and it was seasoned perfectly but they tend to not give you a lot of teriyaki sauce on your meat. Well this place is known to be healthy so I guess that's fine and anyways they have a bottle of their own teriyaki sauce out on every table and you're more than welcome to pack some up with you if it were a to-go order. I didn't get anything special I just got the plate with their mac salad. But you have tons of options to customize your own plate, like substituting brown rice instead of white, but of course there is an extra charge. The staff isn't really talkative or gives you any suggestions (it was my first time) so I can't really say anything about their customer service. But overall good place, healthy and delicious.
1	Came in to eat at this location vs the one out by henderson since we were in the area and saw valpak had a mobile device coupon for buy one entree get one free with 2 drink purchase. Valpak even has the option on iphone of adding the coupon to iphone passbook which would only be a mobile coupon you can't print. Ordered presented coupon on phone from mobile app and they said they can't accept it and numerous people have been coming in with that coupon. Good customer service would first of all accepted the coupon they agreed to issue, second have it removed immediately from the mobile valpak add which you use on your phone and don't print and in the mean time post a sign at register identifying problem with not accepting coupon. It's like a retail store almost pulling a bait and switch, if you won't honor something you stop the production of it.  All the sriracha bottles and extra teriyaki soda bottle looking things were also sticky and had dust and dried sauce on the top at every table. Cleaning these would take no time each day but if you can't even honor a coupon you issued or revoke it's existence on the app when you won't honor it why would you keep a bottle clean or dust on top of your soft drink dispenser. The food was decent but you need to customer service aka handling coupon issue appropriately and good food to keep a loyal customer only one won't do it.  I'll be finding a new spot based on the principal of the issue.
5	Can't say anything bad about this place.  Staff is great, food is great, great location by the gym and my house.  Spicy chicken or teriyaki beef are my go to entrees.  I usually take mine home and throw an over easy egg on top if the bowl.  yum!
2	I have always been satisfied with their food, however, the service was unacceptable during my last visit. I've never had their salad before so I asked the cashier what type of dressing was on it and all he could say was "Uh, I don't know. It's homemade." I asked what flavor it was and again, he said he didn't know so he asked the other cashier next to him and she said the exact same thing, just that it was homemade. The customer next to me had to tell me, but that wasn't that big of a deal. So as I was ordering, the cashier proceeds to blatantly throw the tip jar right in front of me, which was honestly insulting and rude. The guy next to me had change so he threw it in the jar, but neither worker said "thank you." Once I was given my food, I was getting it to go and thank goodness I checked because he forgot my salad. I went back in to ask for it and I know people make mistakes but he never apologized for forgetting food that I paid for and just handed it to me without saying anything. Funny enough, the same exact thing happened to another customer while I was there. This experience was upsetting because the food is great but the staff needs to be friendlier and more attentive. There are several other teriyaki restaurants that have great food AND great service.
4	This place is awesome! The spicy chicken is great, has a nice kick to it, but not overpowering. after eating a whole meal of it, you will have a nice warm burn in your mouth. All is great, but what is funny is Id have to say, some of the worst katsu chicken I have ever had in my life, just avoid that.
5	I Dare you to find a better meal for the price... Impossible!  This is one of those places that quickly becomes a once a week meal for you and the fam.I like the chicken katsu or Orange chicken but my weapon of choice is the SPICY CHICKEN TERIYAKI BOWL with white rice no veggies.One of the smartest moves I've made in my adult life is buying a house so close to this place.
2	This is my least favorite of the TMADs in my area. Chicken is almost shredded (hope it's shredded chicken and not something else) when it's suppose to be cut. Food looks as if it were just thrown together with little emphasis on appearance (as opposed to the TMAD on St Rose/Wigwam). If you're looking for an average meal at best, this is the place for you
1	Never coming back to this Teriyaki Madness.. They never had a problem using the frequent buyer punch cards before and now they said they no longer honor them. Well I guess I'll no longer be going there and continue my business with the other locations. What's the point of a franchise if you don't keep things the same.
4	The staff are not very welcoming and the food is pretty much average in comparison to the other locations. Considering the unwelcoming feel from the employees it's easy to see how the food is just average. You definitely get your moneys worth, regardless.So far I've tried the spicy chicken, which was....ok...and tried the chicken katsu which was actually pretty good.
5	Really good food! Price is good too! Different types of chicken bowls and plates! :) must try!
1	The other reviews are correct about this particular location.  The staff are very unwelcoming and the food is not as good as the other locations.  To be specific, the large guy who is usually at the register seems to hate being there and takes it out on the customers.  He is constantly touching himself and then handling the food.  The only reason I go back is because it is a far drive to another one and my gym is across the street.
