5	Apparently Elvis got married at Planet Hollywood back when it was the Aladdin Hotel...I guess me and Elvis have something in common. I got married here yesterday on 10.10.10 (totally original date, huh?) and they did an amazing job.  They were in constant contact before the ceremony and they day of they were professional and amazingly helpful. They even worked with us after we found out that the reservation we made was not actually for the chapel but for another room.  On such a busy day they actually added another spot in the morning to make sure we were getting married in the location we originally thought we were.  I am 100 percent happy with how magical they helped make my once in a lifetime day.:0)
5	Had my wedding on Sept 1st at 4pm.. My wedding coordinator Erin, was amazing! She went the extra mile with every detail and made me feel like the only wedding she even cared about (although I am sure she had several others the very same day) The chapel is stunning, the minister is like a movie star and made me feel like he cared about us and our ceremony. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a beautiful setting, an amazing staff and a perfect wedding.
5	I waited until the last minute, (2 months before) to plan my wedding. I had never been to any chapels in Vegas and put my trust in the internet to find the best one. From the first e-mail, the people at the planet hollywood chapel made the whole experience so easy. They had everything ready for me from flowers to photography, even our room came in our package. They were all so nice and everything turned out beautiful. We had 12 guests but the chapel could hold much more. I recommend this chapel to anyone who wants to get married in Vegas and wants no hassle at all. The day of the wedding my family and I had absolutely nothing to worry about, spent all morning and afternoon at the pool, no last minute crisis like typical weddings. The pictures came out really well and we ended up purchasing them in addition to our package, and you get them the next day. The minister was really great too, super professional and did such a good job at making the ceremony speical. I recommend this place to anyone who wants an easy, beautiful, smooth running vegas wedding!
5	Our entire wedding experience was flawless and magical thanks to Erin and the staff at The Chapel at PH. Erin knows exactly how to make everything perfect for the big day with no stress necessary for the bride or groom. We chose it due to its location and the beautiful altar. We were 100% happy with everything. The bouquet and flowers were beautiful. They got complemented all day and continue to get compliments in pictures. Pastor Nelson was so well spoken and eloquent. Jose's photography was amazing. Total package was an A++, two thumbs up...PERFECT!
5	We had our wedding at Planet Hollywood on 11-12-13. Initially, I chose the PH chapel because I thought it looked really cute in photos. I sent an e-mail inquiring about wedding packages, and got a prompt, friendly response from Jamie filled with lots of detailed information. Throughout the remainder of the planning process, I always felt that I was in good hands. The ladies accommodated any requests about my ceremony with enthusiasm. On the day of the wedding, Erin helped me feel calm and at ease. I had no stress or worries because she took care of everything! The Chapel looked gorgeous and I am really glad I picked it!Also, our minister (Roland August) was FANTASTIC! We got so many compliments from guests about his service. People were surprised to hear that he only met us for a couple of minutes before the ceremony, because his ceremony was SO personalized and funny. The only thing I would change were the photographs. Our photographer was really sweet, but we were not really that pleased with our pictures. Most of them captured us in an unflattering manner (ie eyes closed - which is not her fault but that's why you should take multiple shots in order to get a good photo!) or were taken at strange angles with stuff in the background. We did not order any prints above and beyond what was included in our package, because we honestly had a hard time finding 12 photos that we REALLY liked. The Chapel and staff itself though - fantastic!
5	The wedding planners here are absolutely wonderful. I got married at PH May 2013, and worked with Ali. She was absolutely wonderful! I can't say enough good things about her and the other ladies at PH. I was planning my Vegas wedding from the east coast and had never even seen the chapel. It's hard to plan an entire wedding by email and phone without ever seeing anything, but she helped put my mind at ease. I probably asked her a million questions, and she always returned my emails promptly and never seemed annoyed with all of my questions. I know that I wasn't theeasiest bride to deal with, but she was always very courteous. We had two children in the wedding party who have a hard time with unknown situations (and this was the first wedding they were ever in.). The wedding coordinators at PH were nice enough to let them tour the chapel the morning of the wedding so they knew where to walk down the aisle, where to stand, etc. It really helped them be a little less nervous at the wedding! Our officiant, Nathan, was super nice and easy to talk to. He said very meaningful things during the ceremony, and coached everyone on what to say at what time before the ceremony. Everything went very smooth, espcially considering that we didn't do a rehearsal. Thank you Ali and the rest of the PH Chapel staff for helping make our wedding day wonderful!
5	We chose Planet Hollywood for our wedding on 1/1/15 because we liked the pictures of the chapel. I didn't know what to expect from the planning process, but it turned out to be fabulous and little stress. The ladies in charge are so on top of things. The accommodations were nice and we enjoyed all the things that came with our wedding package (dream package). The day of the wedding was perfect and went off without any issues. Our minister  was so personable and funny. The photography package was way more than we ever expected. Our package simply included 16 photos so we were not expecting much. She took us all over the casino, event and old nightclub (empty) and it was amazing! We ended up buying the entire photo package. I highly recommend Planet Hollywood Wedding Chapel.
