5	This place is on point. I'll be back again and again. It's finally open after many weeks of renovations (used to be Therapy Cafe). Usually a new restaurant has many kinks to work out but I must say they seem to have their act together. Staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. Met the owner - nice guy! I've had the Meatball Sub and the Rachael (like a Ruben but with turkey instead of corned beef). Both were EXCELLENT. All sandwiches come with a side and a fountain drink for under $10.
5	My sandwich was perfect and crew was awesome.  I think I have found a new favorite!
5	This is a fantastic place to eat! If you live in Charlotte or are just visiting you have to try JND's!
4	This restaurant just opened up in my office building and I thought I would give it a shot. Its about time something takes over the old Therapy Cafe! They have a large variety of sandwiches which is nice. I am a vegetarian and have ordered 2 of the vegetarian sandwiches, and while they were both pretty good, the bread was soggy both times. The pasta salad I got as a side was great though! I will definitely return since it is a very convenient option for me, but I wouldn't say its the best sandwich I've ever had in the world.
5	Had lunch here today for the first time.  I was craving a Ruben... hard to find a good one in uptown.  It was FANTASTIC!  Given the fact that the food was on point, the staff was friendly and the atmosphere was comfy I will be going back for more!
4	So I finally got to try this place that has opened right where the old Therapy Cafe was.  It's a true Deli style place with fresh meats and philly sandwiches, etc.  My favorite part is the fact that they serve breakfast all day.  For someone that likes to eat low carb, this is fantastic!  I had a tenderloin omelette, side of ham and side of bacon.  It was delicious and the servings were plentiful.  The parking is pretty much non existent so if you're not working or living uptown then this is going to be a tough place to visit.   The interiors are very simple but they have huge TV's that will make this place a good sports bar once they get their permits in order.  I'll be back for sure to check out their beer selections at that point.
5	Finding lunch uptown on a Sunday can be tough - but this is a delicious oasis that I plan on returning to. I'm from NY so I take delis very seriously - and obviously, so does the (incredibly nice) owner. Every sandwich comes with a side (fresh cut fries, vinegar-based pasta salad, etc - and can upgrade to soup or salad) and a fountain drink. It's almost all less than $10. The white bean chicken chili, topped with Fritos, was incredibly good. I went with a chicken Reuben for my sandwich and was pleasantly surprised at how great it was. French fries are fresh and - my fave - they have malt vinegar on the tables. The space is beautiful. Tons of windows and TVs. Would be a good space to bring work (as some people were today). Can't wait to go back.
5	In a hurry? Looking for a big salad? No frills, No problem.We work in the same building as this Deli and when I am crunched between meetings, I run down here and get the Greek Salad with Chicken on top. It's really fresh and the dressing is a balsamic that is yumtastic.  The serving is huge too - no skimpy salad.It is super fast service, you can be in and out of there in 15 minutes including sitting down and eating. If you just want to pick up and go, that is even faster.Good range of soups, sandwiches and salads - items come with a side and a fountain drink. They have fries, coleslaw, chips etc.I always have the salad and dine in or take out - it's always fresh and fast and about 10 bucks total including a tip.If you work in town - this is a good spot - parking here might not be possible - it's a foot traffic location really.I just saw on someone else's review that they serve breakfast all day - I do low carb, so an omelet mid-day, Yup.. i will do that on my next visit.Lots of booths and tables too - so finding a seat is not a problem. They have TV's running and I should mention that they do discounts for Military, Police and Firefighters - so that is great too!
2	You're kidding...this is worst deli and they call themselves a NY deli, not even close. I guess most of the people that ate there have never eaten at a real New York Deli, there are a few around here. I work in the building too and I would rather walk to Harris Teeter to get lunch then spend $10 on a sandwich there,at least at  Harris Teeter you can buy a whole 12 inch sandwich for less than $5, they have more meat  and fresher vegetables, and you can make your own salad for for less thanNY Deli charges.  Sorry don't waste your money!
5	Great to finally have another place on North Tryon! Love it here. Big menu, great food, friendly service. My faves are their breakfast sandwiches and the Reubens. Comfortable seating inside, nice patio seating with a good view of Tryon. I've lived next door for almost ten years, this is a great addition to the area!
5	Great simple lunch spot. Nothing crazy just great sandwiches at good prices. I assume if you brought a New Yorker here they would complain that "you call thatttt a NY deli?" Just ignore them and enjoy your tasty sandwich and fries. Perfect for a big group getting lunch you can all order separately up front and there is a ton of seating inside and out. I had the mad Italian and enjoyed it.
