4	Food was excellent. Their beef dishes, fish, sushi, everything. Best Sushi Roku out of their four locations. Great atmosphere for hanging out.
4	Great place...excellent sushi, and they encouraged pounding on the table for our Saki Bombs! love it.
5	Best sushi anywhere in the world.
5	I've been to the Santa Monica location http://www.yelp.com/biz/qZNLvgtZ89PeWcX3n0dovA?hrid=HAdjWsGURjDL6aSm0Q7lSg) and heard good things about the Hollywood one (http://www.yelp.com/biz/9LvbzUke1gSRJMwYc5PV0g), so the expectations were high.  I made a reservation with Open Table (http://www.yelp.com/biz/W2rSvA2Vvt5Eh9LQqR7zqg?hrid=ObmqaqLHQcctioT9HcxwNg) and I was not disappointed.  The ambiance is great; I love the decor and I got to peek in the private banquet room which was lovely.  Our food was excellent as was our sake.  Be sure to check out the quirky menu of cocktails (including one that comes in a glass rimmed in crushed graham crackers).
4	Located inside Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Sushi Roku did not disappoint. First, our waiter Sherman Fu was exellent! Attentive, great with recommendations and very polite. We started with cocktails - the Sweet Poochi was deliiiicious, followed by an amazing Omakase menu - 6 courses at the chef's discretion, made with the day's freshest fish - all original and timed to arrive just at the right moment as we finished the previous dish. We left there extremely satisfied!
2	Average quality sushi at super-high prices. All about the atmosphere.
1	I have been to this restaurant twice and I hate it.  I can't believe that this place is so popular.  The sushi was AWFUL.  I hope that I didn't contract parasites from the tuna.  The service here is DREADFUL and the scene is HORRIBLE.  Stick with Wasabi on Sahara...it's the best in the world.
4	Flew into Vegas and had an immediate hankering for sushi and a hope that sushi in Vegas would live up to Vegas' other over-the-top, excellent experiences.  Two types of tuna and a salmon roll later, I was sufficiently satisfied.  Decor could have been better, too dark for my taste, and I got the impression that they were more interested in catering to all of the Japanese customers.
3	We stopped in because we wanted just a quick bite before going out for the evening and it was right there and seating was available.  The sushi itself was good, the limited menu options are very traditional. We sat at the sushi bar and were served quickly, which was fine with us because we needed to meet friends.  There was nothing special about the presentation it was just sushi and sushi quickly.  If you are looking to have a top quality Japanese meal in Vegas this probably isn't your place, but if you need to grab something quickly it fits the bill.
4	I'd give it 5 stars if it wasn't in a mall. Granted, a very very nice mall, but it takes away some of the allure for me.That said.....the food is VERY good and I love the atmosphere inside. Tuna tartare spring rolls -- why didn't I think of that? The sushi was also very fresh and well-prepared....Pricey? Yeah, but not outragous. We splurged on $125 bottle of champagne and got dessert and I think it came to $260 for two people.I'm not sure if I loved it enough to go back on my next trip to Vegas, but it was definitely worth it for the first trip.
3	I wasn't blown away by Sushi Roku. I only went to the bar so maybe that was the problem. The drinks were great, bartenders were awesome and it was pretty easy to grab a beverage. There didn't seem to be too many places to sit down as most of the bar seating had already been monopolized. The menu looked good and prices good, so I recommend at least a happy hour there!
4	my friends thought it was amazing, but i'm asian so my standards are a little higher. taste wise, i've definately had better at numerous other places. but the ambiance is what you pay for. deep, dark and moody just how i like it. umm....the sea bass was very good, but if i wanted high quality, fresh sashimi, i'd probably go somewhere else cuz last time i checked, fried rice was chinese. service was great though.
5	One of my all time favorite sushi restaurants.  The service is very attentive and helpful.  My husband and I tried the chef's 6 course tasting menu and it was fantastic.  My favorite course consisted of the oysters with 3 different sauces.  Yummy! We will defenitely return the next time we are in Vegas.
3	I know-Sushi, Vegas? What? um...I have to say the West Hollywood location is way better. I had the Hamachi and scallion roll, crunchy spicy tuna (fried, over cooked the tuna) and the Hamachi jalapeno sashimi. Over all is was an "ok". I wouldn't go back based on this experience. But next time i'm down in the west area, I'll go there.
5	Location, Location, Location... the view from this Caesar's Forum Shop's Eatery is amazing.  I'm sure the sushi is fabulous (didn't personally order any) but the Ingen Chinese Style Green Beans and Garlic Sauce and their Chicken Kara-age served with a Cilantro Mayo Dipping Sauce was the sh%#!!!  Pair that with a Cucumber Infused Martini on the rocks... you will be on Cloud 9.
5	Came here on a whim, Thank God!!We were starving and my friend just finished shoping at the forums, we wanted sushi...wow, this place has it in it's name...We arrive, no wait...we are sat at the most comfortable table that i have ever sat at, ANYWHERE to top it off, the most amazing view of vegas, it's just perfectOur server was really cool, wasn't fake or overly niceI only spent 50 on myself and was fullDefinately coming back here again.....5 stars, but still not as cool as the Geisha House :-)
4	Nice, friendly staff. Of course, we had met them first during our bachelorette party festivities at Ghost Bar.  What's not to love about single gals? ;p That's how they reeled us in. (Yes, we're suckers) Who cares they were fun and nice guys and I am a single woman in Sin City.Pretty yummy food not necessarily the best Japanese food but tasty. On the pricey side though. Enjoy the Tokyo Cooler. I'm not much a drinker but I'll drink this and it was on the house. It soooo pays to a bachelorette in Viva Lost Wages. Great view. And they know to treat repeat customers. So is Kenji, the cute HAPA manager, on the menu? haha
4	When you dream about how delicious a sushi roll was from the night before...it must have been an amazing meal.   Ever since then, I've been hooked.   I am considered a regular at the restaurant and they never cease to amaze me with how fabulous everything is.  Not only can you enjoy wonderful sushi, sit in a fabulous dining area overlooking an amazing view of the Las Vegas Strip, but you often can catch a glimpse of a famous celebrity stopping in for a snack.  My favorite celeb sighting; Brandon Flowers of The Killers.   It's always a win, win situation in this restaurant.  And after lunch/dinner you can do a little shopping through the Forum Shops at Caesars to work off that full stomach.  They have circular escalators...so you could shop forever.  A girls dream!Curious of the roll? - baked lobster with miso sauce.  Love at first taste
5	Yellowtail sashimi w/ diced chiles is amazing but if you want to be in heaven, try the specials, they were like a party in my mouth. The sashimi was fresh and tasty, including the uni, so you know it was amazing. The restaurant was beautiful with a great view of the Strip. The managers were very gracious and knowing we had a show to catch, ordered us the chocolate cake for dessert. Plus the sake list was great and we were able to enjoy an excellent Daiginjo-shu. I can't wait to return.
5	This one's in Ceasar's Palace and our table had a nice view of the Strip.  We were also lucky enough to be sandwiched in between 2 big rowdy bachelor parties!  Sake bombs!!Loved the scallops!  And the salmon.  We're roll peeps so we ordered a grip of them.  All were great, can't go wrong.
4	Another overpriced sushi joint in vegas where you pay for ambience, this time in Caesar's.  I ordered one of their lunch specials, for $18 I got 7 sushi pieces and spicy tuna roll.  It was lunchtime so hardly anyone was in there, I can see this place banging at 10pm on a Saturday night.  Ambience is pretty and loungelike, paying for ambience here kids.  Sushi is fresh and made right.
3	No reservation and still got a table....I say that is why I gave 3 stars and it would have been 4 stars had the host not tried to pawn us off to eat dinner at the cocktail area lounge. We strongly said a big NO and that we wanted an actual table. We did get a table and then proceeded to do the famous Saki bombs I love so much and have become accustom to doing at this place it seems on every visit. We even got the east coast ladies across from us doing them too. Sushi was excellent . The lobster special rolls though $21 were delish and worth the splurge plus the lava chocolate souffle desert was heaven. Pricey food but hey I figure its Vegas so I deal with it. I know I will be back on my next visit for sure.
4	My friend took me here for a late lunch and surprisingly, there was only one other occupied table in the main dining area. Love the hip and zen-like ambience.  This is by far the best joint at Caesar's Palace. The portions are small and the prices are a bit steep, but hey this is Vegas. I rather  feed my tummy than those slot machines. I would def let my friend take me back here again :)Oh btw- I had the lobster tempura and calamari salad.
4	I live very close to a Sushi Roku in Santa Monica, California so its a bit strange that my first experience with the restaurant was so far from home (in the middle of the desert no less). On the brighter side, it was a business lunch so the price tag didn't hurt as much as it should have.All in all, the food was really great. It wasn't the best sushi I've had, but it was pretty close.  I really dig spicy food, so the spicy tuna with jalapeos really hit the spot! Also had a "Shima Roll" which I highly recommend... spicy tuna, shrimp, soy paper, and hot sauce. Yummy!
5	Went to the LV location instead of the one in Santa Monica.  This is next to the BOA steakhouse in the ceasar's forum shops.  We ate here to celebrate my sister's birthday.  We didn't make any reservations ahead of time, but they were able to accomodate eight girls and were given a good table with a view of the strip  We ordered different kinds of sushi, salmon terriyaki, to soba noodles.  We each thought our dishes were pretty good.  They even provided my sister with a bday dessert.
4	When you are going to be the only male meeting nine pretty girls from New York City,  you know that your 7 o;clock reservation needs you to call at 7 and ask for it to be pushed back to 730 as you leave your hotel at the other side of the strip.  So imagine when to my surprise I still managed to be the first one there with ample time to sit at the small bar and enjoy the company of the friendly bartender and review their nice selection of wine.  Only out of California for 24 hours, I still missed it enough to settle on a crisp Russian River Sauvignon Blanc.  By its name, you know that Sushi Roku is Japanese fare with a lot of Sushi options.  If you know me, you know Japanese food falls behind Korean BBQ and anything with "Steakhouse" in the title as my least favorite dine out experience.  Nonetheless, I persevered for my sister's birthday weekend wishes, as I did much that weekend.  I was nonplussed to see that they had a seaweed salad that I managed to combine with a few other small items for one full meal.  I did not enjoy how both my miso and salad which ended up being my largest course were both served before anyone else received an appetizer.  Perhaps the gentleman servers were overwhelmed by the prettiness of the nine ladies while I was appreciating the artistic bathroom doors.
2	You have got to be kidding me... Sushi Roku is ridiculous!  Ridiculously BAD, that is!  In fairness,  I give them one star for the service and another star for the ambiance (the restaurant is really gorgeous; if you sit in front of the windows, you get an amazing view of the strip).  But OMG, this place way overpriced!  I had dinner with 2 friends and it came to $300!  What the hell?!  The rolls were small and really not that special, and most importantly, they were NOT FRESH!  The nigiri looked like it had been sitting out all day!  Unacceptable!
3	The sushi was better than ok. The curry flavored sushi was not a hit, don't know the name of it now. We ate there last friday night  with the kiddies without a reservation and there was no wait. Wait staff was nice. They offered us free dessert afterwards, don't know why, i think the hostess was enamored with my daughter, who knows? The bill for two adults was 166- so a little pricey. the sashimi with chiles was my favorite.
4	This is a small California based chain. The atmosphere at the sushi bar is OK but needs work. For example, when you first arrive, you are greeted loudly (good). However, after that most of the sushi chefs are silent. Only one chef (left most, perhaps the most senior) was a little talkative. On the positive side, the patrons were very friendly; I don't know if this is normal, or was just a coincidence.In my two meals at the sushi bar, I've tried:* ankimo (steamed monkfish liver). Five medium slices; firm, with a very rich texture. Excellent.* uni (sea urchin). Pretty good, but wasn't as firm or tasty as it could be.* ama-ebi (raw shrimp). Good overall. The heads were served tempura style, but were not as juicy or as crispy as they should be.* awabi (abalone). Good* unagi (barbecued eel). Pretty standard. It should have been hotter and a little crisp.* hamachi (yellowtail). Good.* Smoked salmon wrapped ankimo topped with toro tartar, uni and caviar. It also included a layer of spinach, and gold leaf was placed on top. There were three pieces, each piece too big to eat in one bite, so eating it was tricky. Other than that, it was very tasty. * Bincho maguro (albacore). Seared, topped with onion and a vinegary sauce. Good to very good.* Kohada (shad) served with shiso leaf. Moderately strong flavor, but milder than other similar fish (like saba/mackeral). Very good.The sushi was generally very good, but not quite up to the standards of Hyakumi or Okada. It was cheaper than Hyakumi but no cheaper than Okada. Keep in mind that I'm comparing Sushi Roku to my two favorite sushi bars in all of Las Vegas.
4	Fresh, good sushi...in the desert? Call me skeptical, but yes, this is Vegas, after all. In the heart of Caesar's Forum Shoppes, the three curving escalators to ride to get here make it seem more exclusive than it is, but enjoy.This place is all about three things: decor, wide selection of modern interpretation of Japanese cusisine, and overly friendly service. Let's get it out of the way: the place is beautiful. Very modern, very rich, and dark, it's a visual treat. Set against the overlook of the Strip (so, why DO people go to Imperial Palace?), it's a visual masterpiece. The bench seats that line the windows actually have lit rock gardens underneath them...very cool.The food: good, but won't wow you into submission. I'm just a spoiled San Francisco sushi man, so it might be amazing for others. The Chicken Kara Age was exceptional, however; highly reccomended. The sushi? The sushi itself was good: fresh, flavorful. The rolls were overstuffed with so many things, it was hard to get a sense of the delicate flavor. Be warned: you are paying Vegas prices here ($100 for 2 of us with about 5 small plates), but the quality and ambience are good enough to overcome that.Service was almost obsequious, although getting tea refilled seemed to be a foreign concept. Hey, I know the desert's hot, but I can't have my hamachi without some tea to go with it. ;-) Very prompt delivery of items, very courteous. Odd notes: the place was only half full for an 8pm reservation. We used Open Table to ensure a seat, but we needn't have worried. And a note if you plan to sit by the windows: there is a typical Vegas video sign just underneath the restaurant outside, so you'll get a lot of flickering glow, which can be distracting.I'd say it's a good casual sushi place, to take a date, or to enjoy the fun of being in Vegas without killing you on price with no quality to show for it.
3	Really good deal for happy hour.  The food is excellent.  But for dinner it was way too pricy.   The standard sushi wasn't anything special.  But the pricier items were tasty - like the yellow tail with chilli and ponzu.
2	I was drunk and it still tasted like shit. Two stars!
4	Made a reservation the day of without any problems. Had to wait just a few minutes, but gave us some time to get some drinks, which were quite good. Food-wise, we split the kobe beef cooked on a hot stone and then shared a bunch of rolls as well as some sake. No complaints from anybody about the food, but the only issue we had was our i'm-better-than-you waiter who served us. Definitely talked down to us and tried to make us order the more expensive sake, the more expensive rolls, and another appetizer of the already expensive kobe beef. But even the annoying waiter couldn't keep us from enjoying our food and the restaurant.For the four of us that ate there, the bill came to about $250. Luckily we were there for work, so it wasn't actually our money we were spending. Might not have enjoyed the place as much otherwise.The table next to us had a man in his late-60s or early 70s flanked by two busty girls in their late-20s or early-30s. We tried to figure that relationship out. Ah, Vegas.
3	First of all we missed our reservation time due to Hennessey. Worried that we may not be able to move to a later time, I was pleasantly surprised to receive a later reservation. So of course our party still showed up late to the restaurant still in thanks to said Hennessey. The staff still managed to be very friendly despite our lack of grace and composure (aka Bachelor Party).  In fact they locked us in the private room with an equally crazy Bachelor Party also from our hometown (Go Niners).The food itself was good. I had the Crab Dynamite Roll, the Spicy Scallop roll and the Crispy Salmon dinner. None of the above stuck out specifically but the quality and presentation are enjoyable. Drinks blurred into Sake Bombs and shots of Patron. The check was a bit rough but I felt it matched my expectations well.  My overall star rating is 3.5
5	Love it, Love it, Love it, Love it, Love it.This place is fantastic.  The sushi was unbelievably good (we are in the middle of a DESERT!!!!), they have 22 oz. Asahi beers and the folks behind the Sushi bar are actually japanese and seem to have studied the art of sushi for a long long time.I had an excellent experience here and hope that everyone else can experience the same as me at this wonderful restaurant.
2	There was something just a little off about this restaurant.  Maybe the fact that it was virtually deserted influenced my perception, but the interior was just too dark and gloomy, this despite the fact that our table had a picture window view of the Las Vegas strip in its full neon glory.The hostess seated us at a table that was broken--the bench seat backs were gone and were "being repaired."  There were at least two other similar tables on either side of us, so I dont know why she seated us there.At first our server had a bit of an attitude, but she became very pleasant later on, so I forgive that.Anyway, the sushi was okay, not spectacular.  I did enjoy the monk fish liver.  But the California roll was mealy.  Also, eel is suppose to be served warm, mine was cold and tasted refrigerated.  The tempura was kinda greasy, which is just unacceptable.  The Saki selections and mixed drinks were very good.  Overall, a ho-hum experience.  Maybe I'm spoiled by the sushi restaurants in San Francisco, but this place just isnt up to snuff.
4	Made reservations on Opentable but like others have pointed out, it wasn't necessary but still, it was better to be safe than sorry esp on a Thursday night in Las Vegas. We were seated by the windows which had a gorgeous view of the strip overlooking the neon lights of Harrah's, Imperial Palace Hotel and Paris in the close distant. We started with edamame, closely followed by a tuna tataki salad which had a hinge of too much vinegar but the tuna was good. Then we tried the toro with scallion roll - excellent, melted in the mouth, Roku and roll roll which had combination of 3 fishes, unagi sushi and toro sushi. Then we finished with the Chocolate Volcano which was a warm chocolate cake oozing with chocolate sauce in the center with vanilla bean ice-cream, it was delicious! 3.5 stars. I thought the sushi at Nobu was a tad better. But service was impeccable considering other prime restaurants with very poor and s-l-o-w services in the last few nights!
5	food was delicious! sake all nite long!our waitress was the best! pretty expensive.
5	My First Sushithe best ever... i was a bit nervous, I was a virgin to the cuisine... everyone new what to do with their towel & chopstick... I was a total newb... I caught on just fine though...The best  I've ever had...This place really ruined every place else, the chef was friendly & kind, will for sure be back, this time on a Business expense
4	Very impressive.We had a lot of Nigiri tuna (and blue fin tuna) as well as some halibut and the crunchy spiy tuna with avocado (this was tempura, misleading dish name)I had beer, girl a martini, some edamame to start, as well as some of the BEST miso soup I have had.  Seemed fresh and was delicious.Would recommend to anyone who likes sushi.  The view of the strip was awesome, even though I had my back to it (gave the nice view to the girlfriend)
4	Just mention this place and my mouth starts watering with the memory of the fantastic toro they served on the night I visited.  Soooo good....I sort of don't remember the rest of my meal b/c the toro was THAT good.  I believe I had a roku roll...yes, that was good too.  They have a nice cocktail list.  I'm pretty sure I had a saketini, and I'm pretty sure I liked it.  Oh, and we had edamame, which was also good.  Even the non-sushi eaters at our table enjoyed their food!  They serve a variety of cooked items, for your friends who don't dig raw fish.Which is fine, because that means more toro for me!
4	At here about a month ago with my wife & cousin before catching a red eye flight.  Food was a 10.  Great menu, great service, excellent atmosphere.  Its attached to Boa Steakhouse and has similar look & feel (& service).  You will find a diverse crowd...mostly hipsters and dates...pretty trendy overall.I think this place is on par with the high-end Japanese restaurants in vegas like Nobu.  Will definitely return again.WBV
5	sushi is my cuisine of choice, so needless to say i walked into sushi roku with a discerning palette. i had heard excellent things from friends in LA who dined at the original quite often, but i had to see how the vegas location panned out.it was excellent, excellent, excellent. my boyfriend and i looked at each other at least four times throughout the meal and said "this is the single greatest sushi experience of my life." in my opinion, it's that good.their rolls are extravagant and fresh. i highly recommend the crunchy spicy tuna, rock shrimp tempura with jalapenos, and the shima roll. we unfortunately noticed the kobe beef roll after we had ordered five rolls or so for ourselves. next time...great mojitos, too!
5	Best sushi of my life... FOR REALS.Better than any place I've tried in SF...and there's no ocean nearby Nevada!! Everything I had was amazing. Def try any type of tuna. The toro was deliciously-incredibly-mouth-wateringly tender. It was like butter. Or yogurt, or something just a smidge stiffer then yogurt...umm... basically it was super soft.  mmmm!!I don't want to go back to Vegas anytime soon...but when the time comes, I'll be looking forward to 2 things- Qua Spa & an amazing meal at Sushi Roku!!!
4	I am iffy about anything Ryan Seacrest related...  However Sushi Roku (Seacrest is part owner) was surprising good.  Sushi Roku is a "High-End Sushi" Joint, but with good quality sushi.  Which hardly is the case at a lot of other High-End Sushi places.  The sushi was fresh, portions were fair sized, appetizers were delish, and service was excellent.  I recommend the Toro & Jalapeno Handroll.  It tastes like butter. MMMMMM.Very pricey, don't come here after a losing streak.-1 star for price.Seacrest Out!
5	Fantastic sushi--and great atmoshere. My friend told me this is a chain store in LA, but the quality was great. WAY overpriced, but that's okay on the corporate expense account---LOVE corporate! I showed them some magic and the management was very sweet and friendly and open and nice. I'll be back!
5	I was recommended to go to Sushi Roku by one of the guys serving the big yardstick tropical drinks on the strip.  It is very chic looking, excellent decor and the sushi chefs are quite funny yelling out something in japanese whenever hot chicks come or go.  They were also very accomodating, allowing us to bring our large drinks in from outside.  The sushi was fantastic, excellent portions, very fresh and quite tasty.  I had the spicy tuna and dragon rolls and loved them.  Service was great and the manager came out and introduced himself which is always a nice touch.
4	Very nice place with great service. The steak was great, the only thing I would hope they fix is the sushi. It's a very romantic place and my gf enjoyed it for VDAY
5	Absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  I come here not for "Authentic" Japanese food, but for fresh seafood and great drinks served in a very fun environment.I usually go for several assorted sashimi/appetizer dishes, followed by a couple hot entrees.  The lobster tempura is excellent, as is the hirame sashimi, prepared with citrus and jalepeno.  Service is just as good as the food, as the waitstaff is very attentive yet not overbearing.
3	Ehhhhh.... its okay.Gots to give it to them for the decor and ambience they've got going on.  The service was fabulous and they checked on us, refilled our drinks and what not.  I had a bento box with spicy tuna sushi rolls and the food for some reason tasted mediocre to me.  But what really impress me about this joint is that the decor was very nice, but I hate it when I go to a restaurant where the food isn't up to par with the restaurant though.  I like the factor that they used real bamboo as their coverings in the window as tourists would walk by, and the atmosphere was very relaxed and somber like.  I wouldn't mind coming back here, but I just think that you could've found a better place compare to here.  Its just overrated.
4	Good sushi and sashimi.Great service.Excellent ambience and decor.I had the chef's sashimi combination ($26) and a roll of spicy scallops ($9). Companion had the chef's sushi combination ($29).I was going for mostly plain and simple, nothing outrageous or innovative. What I got was plain and simple, I felt like I was eating good quality fish. And I'd never had a spicy scallop roll before and liked it.Our edamame was really good. More firm than most other places I've tried, and I think the firmness was a very good thing.I also loved the doors to the restrooms, which were designated by beautiful tattooed body art on a man and a woman. I did think they were a little stingy on the wasabi and ginger. When we asked for more, the wasabi brought to us was really hard and crumbly, almost gritty. A bit of a mellow harsher there.With some sake, sapporo, tea, nibbles and our sushi, the bill for two was about $100.Overall, I thought it was a good meal, but the food itself did not impress me enough to say it was the best I've had. Nowhere near. It was similar to what I'd get at restaurants in my own city, but served on black pebbles in a hip atmosphere.
4	Been here twice, and I love almost everything about this place. The restaurant itself is a site to be seen and the view of the strip is just as ppealing. I've tried almost everything from the sushi, to the kobe beef and tempura and being a veteran of many high end Japanese restaurants I'll put this place up there with the best. The staff and service was also top top... and if you ever get a chance to come say hi to the GM Kenji!
4	Wonderful sushi and creative desserts to top it off! Sleek and cool ambiance with service that isn't rushed. You may want to give yourself extra time though if you're seeing a show after dinner or are on a tight schedule.This is a nice spot for sushi and more. There were some pretty unique dishes...a sea bass with black truffle oil for appetizer was really good. The sea bass was so tender and yummy. There was a caulifower with some very light breading that was very good too.For sushi - the fish seemed really fresh and melted in your mouth. We didn't try the really unusual rolls though - they had some pricey ones.What I remember was the dessert. The green tea mousse was light and airy topped with matcha powder. The apple fritter with dulce de leche ice cream was very good too. They have a chocolate souffle on the menu too but we were running late so we did not try it.They also had a variety of sake and cocktails so there's something for everyone here whether you like sushi or not.
3	The food was GREAT (very fresh and yummy) but our servers - yes, we had about 4 - were about as hot as a bowl of ice cream.  They forgot our edamame.  They were slow with our food and drinks.  They kept switching servers on us.  I guess after hearing so many great things about this place I was expecting more.  Question:  The table next to us got warm towels for their hands... Were we left out? Do they do this for everyone?
5	It's hard to give a place in Vegas that does it as big as Sushi Roku any less than five stars. It just doesn't work.If you are a sushi, sashimi, whatever-i fan - this place has it all, you will not get it as good as you get it here, unless you cross the pond to japan. From the excellent food, to the exclusive sake that they serve, you know you're getting a one-of-a-kind experience here.The service is excellent, and if you're there for work (boo-yah! expense that junks!) and you can splurge, they know when you're spending money, and you'll find your dessert comped if they can tell that you are dropping some dollars.Ask for Kenji if you want to feel super duper cool and VIP. Tell him the place came highly recommended by a friend from New York, and you were told to make sure you give him their best. Joke, laugh, exchange business cards. It'll be the cherry on top of the whole experience.As much as I hate Vegas, it's places like Sushi Roku that make me love Vegas.Enjoy!
5	Best Sushi I've ever had.  Get the crispy, spciy, ahi role... divine.
4	Vegas takes the wind out of my sails - on all levels - whether it be from the booze, the sun, the lines, the prices or the attitude  - I rarely leave a happy camper, usually I have fun - but there is always a bitter taste in my mouth. Kind of like going to a strip club - you know what you are getting into yet you leave so sad and dirty. Soooooooo, we went to Sushi Roku on our last visit  - acutally twice. The first night was without my hungover husband, he was not recovered in time and I was stood up. We made up for it the next night. The sushi was delicious and they have a large and generously priced menu. The drinks and wine were also well priced and left me happily buzzed. The two best things were the killer views of the strip - from any seat you can get a look out the huge windows - awesome! The second was the superb service - super nice general manager, bartender and server. Honestly, they were so nice we could not stop talking about the lack of Vegas dining attitude. I miss you already - no I don't - yes I do - no I don't ........ see what I mean Vegas make me Schizophrenic
4	Great sushi, great atmosphere, great service and innovative cocktails.  I really enjoyed this place.The room has hanging wook panels throughout and is reminiscent of a jungle somewhere far away.  Even the bathrooms are beautiful.  The sushi is perfect and service was attentive.  I enjoyed my sake cocktail and my friend enjoyed her lycee mojito.There is a great view of the Strip.  The restaurant closed at 11, but it was a Sunday night.  This might be a 5-star restaurant, but we arrived at closing time and there was a medical incident in the dining room just prior to our arrival.
4	We had a wonderful meal here on our recent trip to Las Vegas.  We tried some items from the menu as well as some specials - all were delicious - flavorful, fresh & creative.  Excellent service too.
4	I'm not too crazy about sushi, but I loved Sushi Roku!We had to wait quite a while for our table, so we had some apps and drinks at the bar. When we were seated, we put ourselves in the waitress' hands and left the ordering to her. I think it might have been the chef's tasting menu.We were pretty full on the soup and apps, so by the time the sushi came out, I was pretty full, but tried the sushi anyway. if I can eat at Sushi Roku every time I try sushi, I may learn to love it after all...
4	This place is great for groups. We were a party of 12 girls for a bachlorette party and spotted 3 others that same night. Service was wonderful and I must say it is no easy task to please that many gals. The non sushi dishes were perfect but the plate of sashimi and rolls was just average. The server underestimated a few of my friends' appetite including myself. We were still hungry after our omakase and had to order ramen.....good bowl of noodle, I must say. Note the kobe beef on hot stones is a MUST.
1	Overpriced average sushi, with a staff that made us feel like we were bothering them.  I don't get the hype.  If we spend over $200 for a party of 3 I would expect stellar food and a bit of ass kissing.  Had to remind them of items we didn't receive and the sushi chefs are as rude as they get.  They pretend to greet you nicely, but they are miserable and added to the fact the place was a huge disappointment.
4	nice decor, view of the strip at certain spots, good variety of sushi, just get ready to spend bank if you want to try all the good stuff, this place is a bit expensive...
4	Arrived a little late and needed to rush the order so we could make a show.  The waiter was extremely helpful and ended up being an interesting guy who chatted with us a little.  The decor and view were pretty good, and I'm a sucker for their Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus.  Everything arrived quickly and we managed to get in and out in time for the show.
4	My friend and I decided to grab an early bite while shopping in the Forum Shops at Caesars and chanced upon their happy hour. Happens every day (as stated by other reviewers) between 4 to 7 pm. Talk about a great deal on sushi in Las Vegas nonetheless. Well drinks cost $3 each and a large beer will set you back $5. Great way to begin any rock star adventure slinging a few drinks before hitting the tables and clubs. Hint: $$$-saver!!!We had popcorn shrimp tempura, tuna tataki, shrimp and chips, spicy scallop roll, and fried calamari which cost $4/each. They don't skimp on the portions so order up.
4	first spot me and my gf decided to go when we arrived in vegas.  i was really dressed down, as a matter of fact the only person in the place dressed down.  But still, did the hostess have to look at me like i was a scrub?  cmon, you're a hostess in vegas, probably hoping some rich guy knocks you up.  anyways, the place was crackin, like most spots in vegas.  very nice, upscale place.  the food was great, the best salmon sashimi ive ever had.  i couldnt stop thinking about it 2 days later.  they set a new standard for myself when it comes to salmon.  id also reccomend the baked lobster.  prices are really steep, so if your taking someone here, i hope you get some action afterwards.  minus the snobby hostess, and i would have gave this place 5 stars.
4	I agree with others. My wife and I came here for a quick and quiet anniversary dinner. Although it was not the least bit quiet as a result of Karaoke (sp) night at the club across the way, it was pretty quick. We had a very good rainbow roll, some nice hamachi, etc. The fish was very fresh and delicious. The rolls were a good size and not too over-priced. We thought it would have been even more expensive considering the atmosphere, but it was a pretty good price. I would go back to this place because it is conveniently located on the walkway that connects the Forum Shops to Caesars and was actually not far from the elevator to our room. I thoroughly enjoyed it and will likely be back as soon as I can get back to Vegas.
4	After having a hefty brunch at Bouchon, we opted for a lighter dinner of sushi.    We made a 8:30 reservation while we were shopping at the Forum Shops.  My gfs and I order a couple bottles of sake and a mixed tempura plate to get the evening started.  We all really enjoyed the pricey sparkling raspberry sake ($34 a bottle!) and the tempura.  We also got a couple of rolls to share as our dinner and all were delicious.  Our only annoyance was when we wanted to order more food and drinks our server could never be found.
4	J was dizzy from low blood sugar when we walked in. I was still stuffed from breakfast but I figured I'd have a nosh. She ordered a cornucopia of sushi (salmon, toro, one handroll with tempura shrimp and asparagus) that she devoured and was highly pleased with. I had the 'new' chicken salad and some mixed tempura (veg and seafood). Both were good but I really liked the chicken salad. The dressing is that sweet miso-y dressing you can some times get at some Japanese restaurants.    The service was really wonderful. Our waiter was highly attentive to our needs and my water glass wasn't allowed to be less than half full. We appreciated it.   The price was pretty high for a couple of women on limited budgets. My salad was $16 and the tempura was $12. I have no idea how much J's platter o'sushi was but it wasn't for the faint of heart. But you are paying for quality, not quantity.
4	Now Sushi ROKU.. I do like. It is located in a even pricier area of Caesars Palace.... on the 3rd floor. Views from up there are cool.. prices @ Roku are also a  bit high as a result.. but go for the Happy Hour! As of the last time I went.. all beer and liquor was very cheap and most of the Hour items were about $5. Good Food too.. I always sit at the bar, and always get great service.
4	HAD A GREAT TIME !!!!!!!Service and Food Quality was fantastic. Great Server, suggested some of the best sushi I have ever had. My wife doesn't care for seafood so she ordered a Filet, it was great. We will return !!!!!!!!
5	Sushi Roku has become one of my favorite places to go to while in vegas.  It's tucked away on the top level of the new Forum shoppes area at Caesar's. The ambiance is something special..it feels very intimate and at the same time you get a nice view of the strip. I've dined there three times and all have been great experiences. The first was with a group of sorority sisters, the 2nd with coworkers and third with my mommy when I treated her to Celine Dion. During my first visit, the Manager (a young gentleman) came around to talk to us. We told him we were from the Bay Area and were celebrating 2 birthdays. We chatted a bit about various sushi places in the Bay..and he gave us his business card! By the end of the night, 2 'happy birthday' dessert dishes were brought to our table, compliments of the manager! During the second visit, the same manager came around again and I mentioned I had met him a few months before. At the end of the meal we discovered a nice surprise when the bill came, our dessert dish was removed from the bill! Once again, compliments of the manager. Third time, it was just me and my mom and it was just 4 months later..once again, the nice young gentleman came around and he recognized me. I told him I was back in Vegas treating my mom for her 60th birthday to watch Celine Dion in concert...and now this was the icing on the cake (literally!) ... he ordered the dessert for us and had it delivered to our table as soon as we were done with our main course.. because he didn't want us to be late for the concert!  Once again, compliments of the manager.. Now, besides all that luck (or coincidence that he is just always there when i'm there) ...the food is superb. I started to wonder how fresh seafood gets to the middle of the desert and stays fresh. But I immediately forgot about all that once I started eating at this place. Also, from my 3 experiences there I think i've tried all the dessert dishes. They're all delicious and the presentation is lovely. Go to Sushi Roku ...and don't forget the dessert! =)
5	Love this place! My  bf and I stumbled across it by accient while exploring the Forum Shops @ Ceasars. Not only is it romantic, and candle lit, but the sushi was amazing. Very fresh and reasonably priced. The staff was phenomenal and  so attentive. I Loved  the unsweetened iced tea - it was passionfruit flavored- omg. Great ambiance. Def cozy. We had a great time there and got a beautiful picture of us there. Def recommend it and would return when Im back in sin city.
4	The shrimp tempura and asparagus roll is one of the best things I have ever tasted. California roll was pretty good, but where was the cucumber? Heirloom tomato roll was... weird. But I can't really fault them for that, I think my tastebuds just weren't used to such weirdness. Jess said the salmon sushi was delectable. I'd maybe give this place 3.5 stars normally, but I'll bump them to 4 because I'm in a good mood.
4	One of the most fun nights I've ever had was spent at Sushi Roku.  Ambiance excellent, service excellent, food excellent, experience excellent!  The 50 minute wait even with 7:00pm reservations -1 star.  We were a group of 8.  Cold and hot/ filtered and unfiltered sakes came out very fast.  On to the apps.  Everything ranging from edamae to homemade tofu to traditional house salad with ginger dressing was ordered and everything was delicious.  For dinner everyone was there for sushi except for one couple.   The meat eater chose the Japanese Kobe Wagyu dish which almost made me wish I got that instead of sushi and his wife chose the Chilean Sea Bass dish..... beautiful presentation on both.  As for the sushi goers:  Blue Fin Tuna, I've never had it before, fresh and amazing!  All of the basics... Toro, Yellowtail, Salmon, Snapper, Halibut, Eel, etc.  (Don't hate my review because I'm using the American names... I don't want to screw up the spelling......) and then the rolls.....Spicy Tuna, Spicy California, Rainbow Roll, Caterpillar Roll.....mmmmmm.mmmmmm Good!This was an excellent dinner......the server was really upbeat and even did a sake bomb with us!  Next time I'm in Sin City I'm definitely coming back to Roku.
5	"Try everything you want on the menu. I mean it. Try everything, don't hesitate now." Those were the exact words that came out of my mouth as I was sitting at Sushi Roku in Ceasar's with a Roku virgin. I first found out about Sushi Roku in Los Angeles located on 3rd and Croft by the Beverly Center and I was hooked. It's no Nobu guys, it's no Matsuhisa, it blows them out of the water.First I had kimchee (pickeled cabbage) stuffed cucmber salad. Perfectly crunchy, salty, sweet, spicy. I could pop those in my mouth all day like potato chips. You just can't have one. The tofu steak was next with grilled mushroom au jus. Just outta this world. Perfectly done tofu with three types of mushroom, light, complex, and not overly filling which was perfect because we were seated at a table for two and between her and me we had ordered for four, at least. The tastings started to come, and the sashimi, and the specialty rolls I requested not on the menu from the head chef at the sushi bar. Baby tako that melted in your mouth. Hamachi that glistened and we swear could have been still moving it was so fresh. The fish was like butter. Even the edamamde isn't oversaled, isn't overcooked. It's fresh, light and absolutely perfect. The tempura can be ordered separately or as a combo, which means that I can order six broccoli and sweet potato pieces, which is always what I eat last on my tempura plate because I think it's the best. My sake was excellent. Nigori, which is unfiltered, was exactly what I asked for, salty, sweet, and heavy. Like a creamy dream, my alcohol was a match made perfect by the suggestion of my extremely helpful and quick waitress. The service is fantastic. The decor is wonderful. If you're by the windows you can see the strip and all it's glory at night. But look around. Private raised booths that still create intimate feelings are against the back wall. My table was close to others around me, but we didn't care. We talked with the couple next to us about how fabulous their food was and weren't they looking forward to flying back out to Vegas from NYC just to eat here. Of course, their answer was an excited "Yes!". This Roku is much better than the Los Angeles one in my opinion and I've eaten frequently at both locations. This is some of the best sushi I have ever eaten on the west coast. I will always go back. My name is in the computer system permanently, I always get a great table, and my people there take care of me. Live the good life ya'll. Sushi Roku is a gem in a luxury "mall". Have a few beverages and order "a la Danielle". Seriously, take one of everything. You won't be disappointed.
4	I haven't been to the locations back home but I was pleased with my Sunday afternoon lunch here.  Nice decor, including the restrooms.  I had a $17 lunch combination (teriyaki chicken and tempura) which comes with rice and miso soup.  The tempura was tasty.  For you chocoholics, the volcano cake is to die for.  It's really yummy with the vanilla bean ice cream and strawberries.
4	Son of a b*tch this place is good. We had the Japanese Yellowtail Sashimi, the Popcorn Rock Shrimp, the Spicy Jumbo Shrimp with Spicy Potato Chips and the grilled eggplant. OMG....wow, just...wow! There wasn't one thing I didn't like but any of these dishes. The food was fresh, the flavors were divine...I was in heaven.I also got the Teriyaki Salmon lunchbox which was also very good. The only thing I can say that wasn't top notch was the miso soup...just a tad bit too smokey but all in all this place is a definite on a return trip to Vegas.
3	We stopped here for lunch while shopping in the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace.  We ordered sushi: salmon, tuna, albacore, unagi, spanish mackerel, kanpachi, yellowtail and special rolls: rock shrimp tempura with jalapeno, spicy scallop roll and a Katana roll.  Honestly, there was really nothing that blew me away.  The menu items all sounded awesome but when it arrived to the table I was quite disappointed.  The portions and cuts of sushi were smaller than I'm used to and the quality of the fish was fair.  Don't get me wrong, the restaurant is beautiful and the service is impeccable.  But it you are dropping $150+ for lunch, you should expect the food to be way better.  I should offer up another star for our waiter.  I burned my hand on my flat iron that morning and he let me use their burn spray from the kitchen.  That was nice of him to do.  Thanks!
4	Yum! Summer picked Sushi Roku for her Vegas birthday celebration dinner and I'm so happy that she did! The six of us were seated at an awesome round table with a super view of the Las Vegas strip.We started with a large order of sake-bombing materials (two of the six were sake-bombing virgins!) and a couple of the signature cocktails. I tried the lycee mojito which was good but not lycee-y enough and the other girls loved the tropical peach passion and lycee martini. We ordered a wide variety of dishes to share and for personal consumption. I liked the crispy chicken appetizer with yummy dipping sauce and the spicy tuna and california rolls. I usually love eel sushi but our eel was overly fishy. Summer tried a signature roll with tuna, cilantro, and more which was yummy though wasabi-infused and spicy! The salty edaname were also very good and Rachel couldn't stop raving about the sea bass main dish. Our sweet waitress gave us a complimentary birthday sake jug and a fun mini-birthday celebration of molten chocolate cake and a crazy sparkler. For about $65 each, we all left satiated and ready to party!
3	We ate here this past weekend for my Birthday dinner. Overall it's an okay restaurant. The interior decoration is steller and the views of the strip were amazing!Our waitress also threw in a bottle of sake and if it's your birthday you get this fiery faux drink type thingy and everyone sings happy birthday so I suppose I would recommend for a special occasion. That being said the food wasn't anything to rave about. Living in SF it's hard to visit another city and not be a culinary snob, but I've eaten at some amazing spots in Vegas and this place did not live up. When our food arrived it appeared to have been sitting for awhile waiting to be delivered (e.g the sauce looked like something out of a microwave meal and the ginger was browning).  So I wasn't that impressed. The service was mid grade for not being that busy I was a bit suprised by the lack of attentiveness. If you go expect great ambiance and average food!
3	We came here for a really fun birthday celebration! The decor is stunning, and views of the strip are amazing. What really cracks me up is that front and center is the Imperial Palace, and I have never seen it look so good as from this vantage. The lychee martini was to die for, and sake bombs tasted like sake bombs always taste. Once the waitress found out we were celebrating a birthday she comped a bottle of sake! I loved our crispy chicken appetizer with delicious dipping sauce. Our rolls were decent, but the eel was a little off. The sushi wasn't as fresh as I am used to, but you are in the middle of the desert for god's sake! The birthday desert was the best part of the meal! They brought out this crazy sparkler that shot sparks about 2 feet above the table. I was seriously worried birthday girl was going to get burned by more than the sake. Sushi Roku had it under control. The chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream they brought out was great, and they were super quick with our bill as soon as we let them know we were running late.
4	There was this superstar basketball player at  my high school: he was tall, rich, handsome, got the ladies, and was very talented in comparison to the rest of the high school population.  All of those aforementioned things caused people to hate him, no, loathe his very essence, so every time he got the ball, the opposing team would yell, "Overrated!"Some people would say that Sushi Roku is overrated, but I say those people are jealous losers who are sad they can't eat here everyday.This place is soooo good, and I will not comment on the price because I never saw the bill (thank you to my employer).  But I will tell you about the fanciful meal I experienced.  We started with the BEST DISH I had there: the lobster tempura in a miso soy glaze.  Lobster, check.  Fried, check.  Tempura, check.  Yummy sauce, check.  It's like a Chicken McNugget on steroids!  After that, I was afraid the other dishes wouldn't hold up, but they did.  Some sushi/rolls to try (I can't eat fish, only shellfish...don't judge me!): crab dynamite, hotate (so sweet, so buttery!), amaebi (yes, i like to eat the crunchy heads), and the baked crab.P.S. Note on high school basketball star: he plays basketball for some other country because he didn't make it into the NBA, and there is a hilarious video on youtube with him trying to dunk and instead falling and banging his head on the ground.  He's okay so you're not going to hell if you laugh.
1	Dear Sushi Roku,How dare you not have any uni when I came here!   I don't care if you said your Friday was busy and you ran out - ORDER MORE!  Also, your yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos was so slathered in sauce that I thought the fish might come alive again thinking it was back in the ocean.I was going to give you two stars because your black cod miso was decent but then you sat me next to some whiny girl complaining about how there are no decent men in Las Vegas (does anybody go to Las Vegas to be decent?) and some teenager who was introducing sushi to his girlfriend and kept asking her "isn't this like the best thing you have ever eaten in your entire life?"  barf barf barf barf.  Toodles,Zach
1	Here's a perfect example why I am hesitant about fine dining sometimes. You get great service, pretty looking food but it doesn't even taste good. So what are you coming for? The food itself or the service and food presentation? If I had to describe the food here in one word, BLAND!A few more words, EXPENSIVE FOOD COURT FOOD.And the walk here is such a PAIN IN THE @$$ from the front entrance of Caesars.Ok, the place is very nice. The service is excellent. Food presentation is wonderful but that does not mean it tastes good.The Calamari was way overcooked. I sent it back and the chef said that's how it is. It's supposed to be dry and rubbery? I should take the cook over to Cheesecake Factory and let him try to Calamari there. I couldn't even chew it. Spat it out and they were willing to take it off our tab. Thumbs up!Prime rib was so so. I wanted to ask for some A1 sauce so you know the marinade wasn't flavorful enough.Crunchy spicy tuna roll and lobster specialty rolls were absolutely bland. No one at my table tasted a single thing. Of course, there was no way they could mess up a regular tuna roll so that was fine.Sea bass was probably the best dish and when I say the best, I'm being generous. It was still so so.$6 extra for miso soup and rice to add to your entree? Ehh...$160 including tip for 4 people. Never again. Social House @ TI is a bit more expensive but at least the food tastes MUCH better.
2	Following a friend's recommendations for Sushi Roku, we made dinner reservations for a Saturday night.  Being a self proclaimed sushi nazi, I was very hesitant about going to sushi roku.  I always have issues with going to chain sushi restaurants.  And I also knew a chef who worked at sushi roku...When we walked in the decor was great, with a great view of the strip.  I ordered my usual list of sushi (uni, yellowtail, toro, albacore, hirame) as well as the Chilean sea bass.  My date ordered the Kobe steak.  The sushi came out first.  We also ordered the special of the night: some special cut of Toro.  The sushi was bland...nothing spectacular.  I could not taste anything special about the Toro.  Very disappointing, considereing we paid $24 for 2 pieces of special Toro.  My Chilean sea bass was cooked very well, flakey and melts in your mouth.  I didn't particularly like the sauce on my fish.  It was supposed to be a truffle miso glaze, but all i tasted was the pineapples of the glaze.  My date's steak came to us dry and well done when we ordered medium rare.  Already disappointed with our experience, I flagged down a waiter and sent the steak back to the kitchen.  The host and staff were very concern about the steak and immediately sent us a new, better cooked steak.  If you do plan to go to Sushi Roku, stick to ordering rolls.  For service, Sushi Roku gets 5 stars.  But sigh....service and decor does not keep my belly happy.
4	We hit up Sushi Roku Saturday night before heading to Pure for my cousin's birthday. We wanted to have a nice meal that will be just enough to fill us without making have to unbuckle my belt and go for a siesta. Since it's inside of Caesar's it's the perfect location to eat before hopping off to the club. The ambiance was lovely, the waiters were uber friendly (and very cute) and the food was top notch. Their Usuzukuri (thinly sliced of fluke with ponzu sauce) is to die for!!! It's a bit pricey, but the free birthday dessert of assorted mochi ice cream and the little fireworks show they threw in added that special touch. Be sure to check out their wine list, its ace! I had a phenomenal glass of Riesling that I'm still thirsty for!!!
3	I would give them 4 stars for service, everything was good nothing spectacular though. It's more for the ambiance  and going with friends or on a date.One of the managers there were super nice and gave us really good service.
4	What a great place for Sushi!  Located in the Cesar, the locals we were staying with pointed this out as a great place with an excellent "Happy Hour".  We decided to give it a try and to my surprise they had an excellent selection of rolls decently priced from 4-6pm!  As well, they had some drink specials too.   A couple nice large Sapporo for $5 for me and wine for the other guests and about 6 rolls and a couple appetizers for us to split, all for just about $60 was a great deal!Check them out for the happy hour, it is totally worth it!
4	we wanted a light dinner before heading out to the clubs for the night so we decided to check this place out. loved the decor of this place. sushi chefs were friendly. waitor was extra helpful. manager was HOT and super nice.we ordered a few rolls and all of them were pretty average. i wouldn't say the best ive ever had but they definitely hit the spot. i did however order a couple pieces of their salmon sashimi and their sashimi was realllllllly good....mouthwatering good. melt in your mouth kind of good. mmmm.anyways, its not too pricey...sushi in vegas is going to be a little more expensive but this place wasn't too bad. oh and you get a great view of the strip since its on the 3rd level of the forum shops in caesars...try and get a table by the window. i'd prob only give this place 3 stars but because the manager was hot i'm tacking on another...yeah.
4	came her for lunch after a crazy huge dinner experience, sushi sounded perfect! this place did us just right. The fish was fresh, the service was cool, but then again...there weren't very many people there eating lunch=) Toro was and has always been delicious to me, but one thing you should get is their japanese snapper? not too sure what it's called, but it's a fish that's hard to find...sashimi wise....almost as good as toro!=) but worth every penny!=) and their spicy tuna mixed with something (a recommendation by our waiter) was really good too!!.. so do your homework before dining at vegas, so you won't regret not losing it on a crap table=)
4	Like this place, came the day after thanksgiving for lunch, and it was nice, the place wasn't that busy, but it meant service was great.  Waiter recommended some items that didn't disappoint.  We didn't drink, but had a look over the Saki menu, looked good.
5	While I would opt for Nobu if I could, Sushi Roku is a GREAT second choice in Vegas. I come here every time I visit. The sushi is fresh and delicious. I generally never have to wait for a seat. A touch on the pricey side - but it is Vegas. Order the tofu steak as an appetizer. Overall a huge fan. I've also been to the Sushi Roku in Pasadena - like the one in Vegas better.UPDATE: Went back again today for lunch. The Uni and Hotate was awesome. Love the consistency...
3	Come in here during CES w/ friend.  We were able to book it thru opentable the day before & got seated about 15 min after we got there with the busy crowd there, I say their time managment is very good! ^^Seated at the Sushi bar, the chief was very friendly & so is the server.We ask him the promotion I got from my AX card-$30 gift after $100 spend that expired just two days ago, they were still able to honor which was pretty cool, except we stuff it about $100 worth of sushi & Sappro to make to $100 bill. & it was so GOOD, & so Fresh for this sushi.If you not much a sushi eatter, you can always try their other chain right next to it, BOA steakhouse, that is right next to it in the Ceaser Palace Form Shops.
4	We ordered Everything $$$$Good. Love the seating.
3	First, I'll start out by saying I'm a big sushi fan and have made it that I have to try a new sushi spot each trip.  This time around my friend and I picked Sushi Roku for lunch on Christmas day.  Sushi Roku is located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace third level right next to BOA Steakhouse.  We had reservations and once we got there was seated right away and the place is beautiful.  The decor was very nice which gave this place a great atmosphere.  The view was looking right down the strip which was very nice.  They get an A+ for the design and setup for this place.  The staff there was very friendly and helpful.  By no means the best service I've had but water and drinks were always filled.  Answered any questions we had when we asked.  First thing to know we had the Yellowtail at Social house at TI and have been looking for anything anywhere as good as there.  Nothing has lived up to it yet.  We started off with the Mixed Seafood & Vegetable Tempura and it was pretty good.  I've never had Tempura before so I can't compare to anything else.   Got the Yellowtail and I was very disappointed it just lacked much flavor and was not impressed.  I also ordered the Spicy tuna cut and this was some of the best Spicy tuna I've had.  Little Buddha was the best before I went to Sushi Roku.  The Spicy tuna was so fresh and just melted in your mouth.  Overall I would go back if I run out of sushi spots but still have Koi, Yellowtail, and Wazuzu to try in the near future.  The prices at Sushi Roku are on the high side and in my opinion not worth it per say.  For just the 2 pieces of Yellowtail and Spicy tuna it was 18.32 plus another 13.00 to split the tempura with my friend.  Overall a good spot to go but not the best sushi in Vegas.
2	For what it cost, Sushi Roku was just okay.  Lunch for three of us ran nearly $250 (with no alcohol).  We ordered the mixed tempura, three of the signature rolls and three of the sashimi choices.  With just one sashimi selection costing nearly $40 and signature rolls hovering at $30 each, it didn't take long to run up the tab.The sushi rolls fell apart way too easily.  The rice didn't have the right texture and there's no excuse for that at these prices.  The service was also spotty.  Again, not cool at these prices.The decor is fine, but I am sure this place benefits from candlelight.  It was a bit dark and spare in the afternoon for lunch.  It also smelled like fish.  A sushi place that is this spendy shouldn't smell like fish.Frankly, I think you can get better sushi for the money in Vegas.
4	I give this place 10* for the quality of sushi. One of the freshest sampling of Uni, Toro, Mirugai, soft shell crab rolls i have every tasted. The reason for 4* is the price. $250 for a party of two is a little pricy. If you are craving sushi and have $$$ than make sure you drop by here and enjoy.
2	Very nice setting, very plain sushi.I had heard so much about this place. I gave it a shot and ordered some of their best stuff. Very very boring, very plain. The fish quality is superb, but at these prices it better be. But in terms of being creative, having a vast list of fish, etc -- not there. The jalapeno white tuna roll sounded interesting and it turned out plain awful. After the waiter saw I was not enjoying it one bit, he asked if it was ok and I said I dont like it at all and he started explaining why it is a creative fusion dish. A high class place would have taken it away and brought me a miso soup at the least to cleanse my palate. Poor service, nice ambiance, ridiculous prices. If that is what you like, check it out.
3	It's on the 3rd floor of the Forum shops, a little stuffy and haughty, but what can you expect?  We popped in for lunch, around 1:30pm.  If you like attentive service, that would be the perfect time to go.  There were exactly 4 other customers in the restaurant...despite the few customers, there was a hostess, a waiter, a water guy, an appetizer/plate clearing guy, 2 sushi chefs, and a manager.  No wonder a vegetarian roll is $14!  Great view of the strip from the booths, and the decor was modern, comfortable and elegant  (think low backed leather couches and natural materials).  My sweetie and I had the Chef's sushi combo, a Harvest roll (skip it), and the spicy tuna roll.  All of the fish was like butter (yellowtail, salmon, tuna, shrimp).  Really fresh, better than some I've had here at home on the the west coast.  I had a cocktail called the Tokyo Cooler--a very delicious, refreshing, dangerous cocktail.  I could have gotten prom-night drunk on those, no prob.  Rolls were $13-26  (approx 4 pieces)each, sashimi $13-24 for 4 pieces.  Handrolls $6.  All in all we spent $55 on lunch.  We were satiated--not overly so--I wanted to save room for gelatto.
4	I was lucky enough to be with a group who all got the Omakase (chef's menu). That said, we had most delicious, freshest things that could be prepared that evening. Service was great, and presentation was lovely. Lots of high-end ingredients. I won't pretend this was cheap... its pricey, but the food was worth it. The wine menu is unfortunate... small selection, and crazy-over-priced. If you really appreciate sushi, and are looking for tasty bites in the desert, swing through for sure. If you have the time, order the Omakase... it was so yummy!!!oh! and the view from the booths was GREAT!
2	While the view alone might be reason enough to dine here, I would recommend just having drinks and enjoying the vista because the food here is not good.  It's expensive, yes, but most things on the strip in Las Vegas are.  If it were expensive and quality it would be well worth it, but it is expensive and lacks quality.
5	I Love Sushi Roku :)Ok, now that I've said that.. the review. Came here after not being in Vegas for a couple years.. I'd just gotten tired with Vegas. We walk in and even after not having been here for 2yrs our waitress Jessica greeted us by our names! Impressive! We'd not made a rez, so she didn't get it via that method .. she just remembered. If I had that type of memory, well I'd be lucky. While we'd like to check out the new Sushi Samba, and we know there are "trendier" places for sushi in Vegas, the service here is really what makes us repeat customers. There was a time when we would be in Vegas twice a month and would come here every time. The dining room/restaurant is chic, the view is amazing, and the food is fantastic but without the service we would probably spend more time exploring other places. It is as plenty of people have pointed out  "pricey", but it's Vegas and I've never thought of Vegas as a place to go when on a tight budget. In my opinion the price is justified by all the pluses of Roku.The Food:We started off a comped tuna carpaccio our lovely waitress brought for us. It was very flavorful and light at the same time. It was a great light starter. We nibbled it up too fast to get a picture.. sorry :x Tuna sashimi with garlic chips and sesame soy. We order this every time we go to a Sushi Roku.. it's so good. I love the clean taste of the tuna complimented by the sesame soy and the little bites of garlic flavor, mixed with the crunchiness of the chips.. it's such a great bite to have all of those at once!Kobe with king crab. I don't remember much of it, but I do remember liking it. I just think that I prefer my Kobe either raw or very rare and it was too cooked for me. Kobe is fine on it's own :) If you want to try something different tho and you like your Kobe on the cooked side, this dish may make you go "mmm"Foie gras wrapped in yellowtail and sprinkled with edible gold. This is another thing we can't pass up. Every time we have it, I think we know it's great before we order it, but we don't fully remember just how decadent and divine it is until we actually eat it. It really is fabulous! I'm seeing less and less foie gras on menus. I know the Roku in Santa Monica dropped foie gras so I'm going to enjoy this while I can and when I can.Kobe Yakiniku. This is the thin slices of kobe that you cook yourself, usually over a hot rock. We thought it would be a fun dish for my daughter. I had a piece and it was perfect, however the cooking method needs to go. Instead of a hot rock, they bring out a mini grill and the meat kept sticking to the grill. It wasn't easy to get it off with just two hands.. I had to hold the grill part down(because it wasn't attached) with my chopsticks, while my daughter peeled the meat off. And it smoked a lot! Like up to the ceiling. Shrimp Tempura. It's shrimp tempura, I don't eat it my daughter does. That's that.Sushi. We had Salmon, Tuna, Toro done two ways.. seared and not seared. Everything tasted super clean and the texture was perfection. I love the toro here and I get the feeling the sushi chefs here would never put something on your plate that they wouldn't eat. Some places have given me some nasty stuff. Never the case here. Only complaint, they forgot two or our seared toro.. apparently they didn't believe us when we ordered what we did haha. The waitress brought us two comped desserts, which I myself was too full for. They were eaten and they were super cute and pretty so I imagine they were yummy as well :)Cocktails. I love the drinks here! I have two things I usually stick with.. the lychee mojito and the lychee martini.. they are both delicious. Sometimes I get the Kyoto Rose, it's different and it's grown on me.. the rose flavor threw me off a bit the first time I tried it.Sushi Roku is the mix of everything that makes me a fan of a restaurant.. great stetting, fantastic and attentive service and food that makes me and my mouth happy :) If you go ask for Jessica and tell her I said hi!
4	I'm a fan of the Sushi Roku chain and this is my first venture to the Vegas one... we were staying at Caesars and wanted a close place for dinner our first night there.Great decor and amazing view of the strip from our table by the window.  Considering it was a Tues night, the place was packed but service was top notch.Prices are in line with the other Sushi Roku's, which means pricey.  I live in one of the cities with the best sushi, so in terms of quality, Sushi Roku is a not the best or freshest I've had, but it's damn good considering it's in the middle of the Vegas desert!We had a nice mix of tempura, beef, popcorn rock shrimp, and sushi - we had toro, salmon, unagi and spanish mackerel which are my go-to's.  Everything was a solid 4* and a nice variety of good fishes on the menu.
5	After reading others reviews, I am now so sad that I missed the view of the strip.  We were seated in the "mall view" area.  Not sure why, the place was not that full.  I guess that is the low-rent district....Ah, but Sushi Roku, I can't stay mad at you.  Your sushi is delicious.  The Toro Tartare blew my mind (pinon nuts... Sushi Roku, you are a genius!) The yellowtail and fresh scallops were succulent.  The presentation was nice and the cocktails... quite inventive.  Okay, I guess we made up.  This will be my go-to sushi place in Vegas.  And next time, I'm gonna see that view.
5	It always helps out a place when not only is the food great but the service also.  Been coming here ever since the grand opening and even though it's in an obscure area of the Forum Shops at Caesar's, it's definitley worth the trek.  Always have consistently good food here with great decor (and if you sit at the right spot on a nice summer night, they open the sliding windows open so you can "feel" the strip view).  Have come with small groups as well as large and this place never fails me.  Some recommended dishes:  Seared yellowtail with diced chile (extra chile for me please!!), popcorn rock shrimp, chilean seabass, chicken nuggets with that cilantro-like dipping sauce, and pretty much any of their sushi.  I've been to all the Roku's (except the newly opened one at the W in AZ) and this one is as good if not better than any of the other ones.  It's always bigger, badder, and better in Vegas.
4	Ok, I was wandering around Caesars Palace for snips and giggles and found myself on the top floor at Sushi Roku (which they have one out here in LA) and this place, though pricy, was what I expect from a great sushi restaurant. Friendly and quick service, happy customers (even sat next to some guests from Toyko, they were very nice) and the chef was top notch, he even gave me something on the house. I think business was slow so he was just warming up his knives. I shared a meal with myself and was very happy I did. When you're here for a month you try a little bit of every cuisine so expect more from me the whole month of April. But if you happen to come across this place it may be fancy, it may be pricey, but it's worth the extra 2 bucks on the rolls for the service and quality. Enjoy!
4	Great ambiance.  They sat us at a two top over by the big window that overlooks the strip.... that combined with the mood lighting(dark) and music, you could really feel the energy of vegas.  The sushi was pretty good too.  Lots of fancy rolls along with the basics.  Got the seaweed salad as an app.  Good portion for 2 people.  It was different because they mixed in some baby green with the seaweed which added a different dimension to the dish.  The best thing we had was the fresh sweet shrimp(amaebi).  A little pricey but worth it.  It was served along with the deep fried heads.  Don't want to disgust anyone but if you been to new orleans, "pinch the tails, suck the heads"  Seafood perfection!
5	I was in Vegas for a convention but made a mistake in planning the trip so I arrived a day early. I deciding on what to eat and was staying at Caesar's Palace and remembered that this place was in the Forum Shops at Caesar's so I decided on having lunch there. It was a Wednesday afternoon and the place was pretty empty which is a far cry from what it usually is like at night. I sat at the sushi bar and had one of their lunch combos (sashimi and tempura) and added an order of fatty tuna sushi. This was really tasty. I hadn't had sushi in a while and it really hit the spot. I also got a chance to chat with the head sushi chef, Kiichi, who was a really cool guy. I've been to the other Sushi Rokus (Santa Monica and Pasadena) but this one is my favorite. This place is highly recommended, but be prepared, it is not cheap.
4	Ahhh.. I have fond memories of Sushi Roku in Las Vegas... =)  my girl friends and I came here for dinner during my Bachelorette weekend in Vegas. As good as the food was, the GM was the highlight of our meal.  Frankly put, the GM Kenji is a gentleman and a hottie patottie.  Whenever someone left to use the ladies room, he would come to our table, pick up their napkin, and put it nicely folded on the table... and then chat it up w/ us. hehe.  When we realized this, we started taking turns being the 'decoy' and he would come to our table every time without fail.  haha jk i'm exaggerating.. sorta ;)  ... 11 girls in Vegas need some form of entertainment at all times I suppose.Anyway, on to the food:Fav dishes:Japanese Yellowtail Sashimi w/ Diced ChiliesTuna Tataki Sashimi w/ PonzuBaked Lobster with Creamy Miso Sauce RollSeaBass w/ Truffle Miso Glaze & Sauteed Spinachchocolate (volcano? lava?) cakeYUM YUM YUM.  Oh yah, the latte there is excellent too!I try to come here every time I'm in Sin City! (for the food of course *wink*)
5	My friend and I hopped over to Sushi Roku for our last meal in Vegas on the recommendation of her family. Her family is Japanese and said that they experienced some great sushi here. You can't go wrong with that type of recommendation, right?!RIGHT! This place was spot on. Everything from our edmame, spicy crunchy tuna rolls, and chefs sashimi plate was excellent. The fish just melts in your mouth and the rice was the perfect consistency. This place isn't cheap, but either is the food quality. Great way to end our stay in Vegas!
4	Not bad not bad at all. If you're looking for "asian fusion" cuisine: sushi with spicy sauce and fried stuff, teriyaki steak and expensive sake - you'll like this spot. Cool, dark, trendy decor overlooking the strip - perfect for a dinner date or group dinner. Feels like you stepped into a different world from the shopping mall exterior - well, cause you technically did.Expect to spend $50 min for some food (enough to make you full but ready for late night pizza later) and A drink. My sushi combo - spicy tuna roll and about 7 basic nigiri was about $28, glass of Rombauer chard was $18. Yes, a little pricey on the wine, but oh well, it's Vegas.A fair comparison to this place is Sushi Samba in the Venetian...Would I go back? Sure, if it were suggested. No, if I had my choice. Too many other places to check out in Vegas!
4	I ate here with a large group of girlfriends during my bachelorette weekend and was impressed with both the food and the atmosphere.  The view of the strip is excellent, and it is very chic inside.  We ordered a multitude of rolls and they were both aesthetically pleasing and delicious.  I recommend the sparkling blueberry sake (if you like sweet wine) and the scallop appetizer.  As with most sushi restaurants, it was quite pricey, but well worth it overall.  I would definitely return here in a group or on a date.
5	Beautiful decor! They gave us some free champagne since were there for our honeymoon. The tasting menu is very decadent, with caviar and truffles. If you like sushi, this is the place to go.
5	Two  years ago it was the popped collared short sleeve shirt.A year ago it was the striped button up long sleeve shirt.This year, it's the black t-shirt with some sort of skull or crossboney eagle shape that has taken over as the "official douchebag uniform."Come to Roku and you'll see some of these dudes but seriously, don't stay away because of it.  Roku was de-friggin-licious.Highly recommend you stick with whatever specials are available on the left side of the menu.  While slightly expensive, it'll make for a memorable experience.  Just watch out for the Jersey douchebags.Fresh.
5	Cool decor. good sushi.. colorful bento boxes. i loved their mushed spicy tuna over rice.. apparently only they have that dish bc i havent been able to find it elsewhere. and when other places try to make it, it doesnt taste the same.
4	Came for lunch and got the Spicy Tuna Don Buri.  They did it with the brown rice risotto for me, instead of the usual white.  It was great, I've never had spicy tuna this way.  It was mushy-style and spread over the rice and topped with some vegetables.  They forgot my miso soup though.
5	Good sushi makes me cry.  This night, I was a baby that couldn't stop.  Seriously, wow.  Hot damn.  More please.  Expensive? Yes, but who really cares when it is mind blowing good.I started with a Lychee Mojoito (tasty) and miso soup (average to good).  My world officially became rocked when the Hanabi: Spicy Tuna over a Crispy Rice Cake came to the table.  I'm sure if I saw a video of my reaction, I would be completely embarrassed but I can honestly say it was one of the best hot appetizers I have ever had. My poor waitress had to put up with me through all this.  I'm so sorry.We ordered two rolls, Shima roll: spicy tuna & avo w/shrimp, cilantro & wrapped with soypaper; and the Baked Lobster Roll: Lobster & asparagus on the inside and a baked yellow sauce consisting of sweet miso & egg.  I was in sushi heaven.Great service, awesome atmosphere, pretty good chill music for the environment.  All this with a beer and another mixed drink, approx $150.  You can not stop me from going back the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	My favorite sushi place in all of Las Vegas. When I visit the city, I make sure to make a stop here. The sashimi is really fresh, I even remembered the sushi chef saying that some of it comes from Japan. Toro has to be my favorite sashami there. Tastes like butter and melts in your mouth. I think I've tried just about everything there and all of it really stands out and makes me dream about coming back.
3	I love being in Vegas alone, wandering around not really sure where I'm going. I usually have a few vague plans. This day my feet took me to the Fashion Show mall where I knew I could find Japanese food, eventually. Arriving at Sushi Roku on a Tuesday between 1 and 2pm I found it very quiet. I started with the gomae salad and spicy scallop sushi and after that decided to take a detour to some hot food. For one I have a mindless paranoia about seafood in the middle of the mojave. How? Why? The scallop while a generous portion did not have much flavor, and the spicy aioli type stuff binding it together... well, when that stuff is used I just wonder if what I'm eating is fresh. Usually sushi places season fish this way because it's not fresh. I tried the scallops to see if it was worth ordering more, and based on what I had I was 50/50, and with the price of  sushi what it is these days, those aren't good odds. So I got Tempura which was nice, although I had to ask for the dipping sauce, It comes with a sweet gooey drizzle on it which is tasty, but I like the hot dipping sauce. There were prawns, nice pieces of yam and a few other things. I love yams - these were hot but not fully cooked - lots of firmness to them, possibly controversial if you are expecting melt in your mouth yam.The service was cordial and the price was not cheap, but I'd give this place another try for some light fare.
5	Ambiance: Great view of the Las Vegas strip if you sit near the window, nice dark interior  trendy decor, and the bathrooms were even nice!Service: Top-notch service, couldn't ask for anything more.Food:  I will make this short and sweet.  Me and my girlfriend both agreed we had the best roll (Spicy Dragon Roll)and best prime rib steak we ever tasted.  YES thats right, the best steak we have ever had was here at a Japanese restaurant.  Order the Prime Rib steak, SO juicy SO tendy SO flavorful.Overall: Yes this place is a little pricey, but this is Las Vegas and this is not bad in comparison to other fine dining options.  The quality of food you are getting lives up to it.
3	the sushi here is good. the rolls are good but they are smaller than usual for rolls. the service here is kinda slow too. the prices here are really expensive. the rolls are over twenty bucks each and they are small. its super easy to rack up a bill of a few hundred dollars. although i liked the sushi, i dont think i will be back bc i thought it was really expensive for what i got.
5	AMAZING!! My husband and I dined here for my birthday this past weekend and although I was at first let down by not getting a view seat due to a private party, the food more than made up for it! We started with the Yellowtail Sashimi with Chilies appetizer which was recommended to us by our waiter after attempting to order the Crudo Roku sashimi tasting. He said it was much better, and it was actually a few bucks less so we took his advice and loved it! The chilies added a great flavor to the Yellowtail and the presentation was great. We then moved on to the Shima Roll and the Albacore with Scallions cut roll. That Shima Roll...OMG...pure heaven!! I'm pretty sure it is the best roll I've ever had!! The combination of textures and flavors was pure perfection.  The avocado was so soft and ripe, the tuna was buttery and wonderful, and the cilantro and little dab of hot sauce added just the right amount of zing. The Albacore was also wonderful as were the subsequent items we ordered, the Live Halibut sushi and the Toro & Jalapeno Roll.We enjoyed a carafe of sake during our meal and indulged in a few sake bombs before I finished with their wonderful Lychee Martini. I was then surprised with an awesome chocolate souffle birthday dessert! I was so stuffed already but managed to polish it off! The service was great as our waiter was very attentive and friendly. Though the prices are indeed a bit high, I felt it was worth it for the wonderful food, ambiance and service. We look forward to coming back to Sushi Roku the next time we're in Vegas and will also make it a point to try out the other locations in LA next time we're up that way! We've dined at their Katana Restaurant in Hollywood (see review) and loved it equally as well!
3	I was referred here from a friend.  We went this past weekend and it was good sushi.  Nothing out of this world but good.  The waiter was cool, we had some great cocktails!  He then brought us the regular glass water.... OMG it was the dirtiest tasting water.  I thought it was just me but then my girlfriend said her water tasted dirty.  I tried hers and sure enough it was gross.  We told the waiter and he agreed the water was not good there.  We asked him why didn't he tell us and he said because he didn't want us thinking he was trying to sell us a bottle of water.  SOLD!!! we asked for a bottle of FIGI.  For an upscale place like this the regular / tap water was the nastiest I have had in Vegas.  Anyways!  sushi was gooooooooooooood, over priced but still good and I would go there again and bring water or drink sake instead.
4	We love this place and although I have yet to make it in time for happy hour (exclusive to the small bar area) I hear that is great too.  This place is cool....from the look of the place to the food and drinks.  The bathroom is even cool! A date night is perfect to try this place out.
3	The atmosphere is awesome. We had gotten a seat by the window, and had an awesome view of the strip. We came here for my friend's 21st birthday. I ordered the peach passion drink, it was good but not too strong. For an appetizer, we ordered the filet mignon wrapped asparagus, they were decent. we ordered a couple of sushi rolls, the rice is a bit dry... some of the rice was even hard. i've definitely had better sushi rolls other places. The bill was pretty high for just the two of us. But, the place gets an a-ok to me because as we were leaving, our server surprised us with free shots for my friend's birthday.
4	Right when you walk in, this place was pretty nice.  We made reservations at 8pm and everything looked amazing.  They had these booths on the right hand side which looked pretty comfortable, but we had a large group so we took a table.  The decor is really relaxing and the view is awesome.  I had the salmon and scallop dish here and it was really good.  Everything in the dish went with each other, but I didn't order much because we were going out later that night...drinking...so yeah.  I guess I'd say that this place met my expectations and didn't disappoint.  Service was on par with the status of the restaurant so no complaints there.  But for some reason I couldn't give this place 5 stars.  The food was good but not excellent...if it was excellent I would have ordered more after my first dish.  Overall, I'm satisfied with my experience here.
2	This is the sushi restaurant to come to if you want to overpay and feel like an unwelcomed guest.My girlfriend and I were in a hurry so we stopped by here without a reservation on a Saturday night. Three (!) hostesses (no idea why they needed that many since none of them were doing anything) at the stand rudely told us all we could sit at would be the sushi bar even though we saw many open tables. I did not complain and happily accepted that. Big mistake.We were jammed into two spots at the tight sushi bar and given a drink list. After waiting about 10 minutes for someone to take our drink bar, the sushi chef impatiently asked if we were ready. Um, no menus yet. He yelled at a server who came by and apologized and gave us menus and took our drink orders. Ok, honest mistake we thought...Drinks came back and we ordered edamame and our sushi. Edamame never came and we couldn't get our server back until after we ate our rolls, which did come out quick. I complimented our sushi chef on the rainbow roll and he barely grunted back at me. Meanwhile, the chef to our left was having a very long conversation with the couple next to us. Maybe we got a grumpy chef? Either way, the rolls were good but I felt as if I had done something to piss off the staff which I felt to be pretty impossible since we had barely even got anyone to talk to us and I had been nothing but polite and complimentary.When asked about the edamame, server just smacked his head and said sorry. He was nice enough but apparently overworked or not prepared to handle weekend volume. Either way, pretty poor from what I expected to be some of the best sushi on the strip.Bill came to $70 for 3 rolls, salmon sashimi and a soft drink or two. Couldn't wait to get out of here. Food was good but I'd rather have my money back. This is the worst side of Vegas: overpriced, rude service, and no one pushing the staff to do better.
2	I have an iron stomach and the sushi I had here put some chinks in it.  Obviously something wasn't fresh.The service was good.The Toro Sashimi wasn't good due to the stringiness of the fish.  It's supposed to melt in your mouth and be the best.  So disappointing.The tempura and edamame was really good.The rolls were good but I can't remember which one.Next time I'll be going to BOA instead.
5	I have found you, best miso soup of my life (Country Miso Soup). If only we had more time to enjoy Sushi Roku! We ate here for a birthday dinner before a show but were unfortunately rushed to get to the show on time. The interior design is very zen and chic. We had a table with a view of the strip from Caesar's forum shops which was top notch. Our waitress Shaina was awesome, enthusiastic and helped us with back road directions to get to our show on time! I was under the weather so only had the soup and veggie tempura but as previously mentioned, this soup rocked. I didn't sample the sushi choices at the table but only heard good things. Our food was bit delayed coming out considering it was sushi, but upon investigation, Shaina found out the chefs were making the miso from scratch! The country miso had filet mignon to make the broth a bit heartier, hence the extra time apparently. Well worth the wait and they comped us a salmon carpaccio starter. Drinks were also tasty! I'd love to go back!
5	Came to Sushi Roku with a bunch of friends and was able to secure the private room for a private dinning event. Located on the 3rd floor of the Forum Mall, Sushi Roku is probably one of the best Japanese restaurants that I've been too offering a beautiful view of the strip. We got here and the room was all set for the 20 of us that would be dinning that night. As I mentioned before the private dinning has a great view of the strip. The atmosphere here is definitely hip with low lighting. You have the high end modern Japanese with lots of dark wood used throughout with hints of red and stone accent pieces. We had a prefix meal sampling meal served family style so all we had to do was sit down, drink several rounds of Saki bombs, and let the food come to us. First up was the edamae. Fresh with a touch of sea salt was just the right way to start off a night of eating and doing Saki bombs. Next up was a Chinese chicken salad. Good, nice fresh mixed green lettuce with a dressing with a nice blend of balsamic and sesame to it. The shredded chicken was also very good. Chicken skewers were next up on the menu, again, very good. Chicken was done perfectly and the sauce that I had was a sweet sauce with a little bit of heat at the end. After the chicken out came the rolls, there was a traditional California Roll, (good but not mind blowing), the Spicy Tuna (though small, everything here tasted really fresh and with perfectly cooked sushi rice and a nice amount of heat, really really good) and probably the one item that everyone raved about was the fresh Soft Shell crab roll. While simple, it was just very fresh and outstanding. This alone I would come back for again. We got two desserts for the nice a chocolate lava cake with a vanilla cream sauce (second best I've had with the best being at Roy's in Maui) and Ice Cream Mochi which was pretty good. The service here was excellent. Very professional and friendly especially considering how rowdy this group can get. Overall all the food and Saki cost around $80 a head which seemed reasonable for the amount of food and drinks we got that night. No one in our group of 20 left hungry and there was plenty of food left over. I have to say, this is one of the best Japanese restaurants that I've been to and will give Sushi Roki a rare 5 star rating!
3	While in Vegas, we were looking for a Nobu alternate.  The reviews led me to S. Roku.  The decor was expected of a Vegas restaurant - sleek, dark and trendy.  The food was comparable to any other sushi joint.  We didn't have anything that was memorable, so I guess that makes this place forgettable considering all the other options on the Strip. Also, there was a rather long wait for some items to be delivered to our table considering the place was pretty empty.
5	We had the wild mushroom carpaccio which was exquisitly delicate.  Just the right amount of sweet and vinegar.  The sushi was quite fresh and the decor was wonderful with a nice view of the strip.  Service was also excellent.  Plus the people watching in the mall was an added bonus.
5	Loved it! Came here for lunch.  Ambiance was nice and the view of the strip was beautiful as well.  The sushi was very good, but the sashimi was what was memorable.  We had salmon and toro sashimi.  The toro sashimi was absolutely delectable.  It was like butter!  The california roll was very good considering we were in Vegas.  I loved the options for vegetable tempura (considering my sister is a vegetarian) and the fact that they don't use peanut oil to fry it (my sister is allergic to peanuts)...When they found out that it was my mom's birthday they brought out free dessert and a sparkler (an actual firework). That was nice. This was a very pleasant experience and if I am ever at Caesars again, I will come back.
4	The sister and I took our parents to Vegas for their first time, and to also attend Paris By Night, a Vietnamese music production. They're not too crazy on trying strange things, and by strange--I mean anything that strays away from Vietnamese cuisine. They have traditional tastebuds, but still willing to try flavors closely related to their usual liking. This led me to choosing Japanese, because they've never tried much of it. Plus, I wanted to take them to a cool spot, which most trendy Japanese restaurants can accommodate to, to end their awesome day of music, and to make full use of their play-dressed-up night--dad in a suit, and mom in a purdeee dress. Service- 5!- I called ahead to set reservation, and requested seating near the window to enjoy the view of the strip since it was my parents first time in Vegas--they were so nice and accommodating. I had to call back and change timing since the concert took much longer than anticipated; they were more than glad to meet our request.As for the actual dining experience, our server was sweet and helpful. Took her advice on several dishes and it was on point. She even went along with me when I wanted to get my folks to take 2 plum sake shots [they're the one light drink only people]. She told my dad it was a 'pink juice shot', when he asked her what it was. LOL. Too bad I forgot her name, but I remember her a very small frame Japanese lady. On top of that, the manager [a korean fella] came to our table to greet and also at the end, to see how our dinner went. Very nice touch.Ambience- 4- The decor wasn't what I'd go 'WOW!' about, but it was definitely still an artistic and trendy architectural attempt. Great view of the strip, mellow, and warm. The way the restaurant was design, you actually don't need a window seat to have a glimpse of the streets down below.Food- 4- Our food was great, but the overall effect didn't leave me thinking, "An amazing dinner!"Apps: 1) Yellowtail sashimi w diced chilies 2) mixed sashimi salad w ginger vinaigrette 3) agedashi tofu [it's off the menu, but can be requested] 4) Popcorn rock shrimp tempura in spicy miso glaze 5) miso cod - the yellowtail could have been fresher, but the sauce & toppings were delicious/ salad & sashimi was a great blend w the dressing/ soy sauce in the agedashi tofu was so little, but the tofu itself was soft and perfectly battered/popcorn rock shrimp ROCKED! SO DELICIOUSSSS. Much better than nobu's/ miso cod was tender, juicy & fresh, but could use a bit more glaze Entree: 1) Ribeye w/ soy garlic sauce 2) Chilean sea bass ( in yuzu butter, they have 2 different sea bass dishes, and both sauce are different]- ribeye was yummy, had it medium but the little cooked part was quite dry. my folks and sister loved it and the baby green beans & potatoes that came along w it/ the seabass was perfectly flavored, but texture was a bit dry, perhaps an older piece of fish?Dessert: mochi & a 10oz carafe of plum sake - no restaurant can possibly go wrong w mochi....and roku didn't. we were too fulll at the end to eat much dessert, so I figure this was an appropriate portion.Overall, we all had a lovely evening. My parents had so much fun and enjoyed the restaurant's experience--along w the kirin light and cocktail I ordered for them [hehe]. I would definitely return, but not before I've tried other sushi joints in Vegas [can't help it, there is just too much to eat a one place twice in Vegas. unless you live there or go there 50 times a year!]
4	This place is in the Forum Shops so the location and view of the strip are the attraction.  Don't valet in front of Caesar's, go to the right of Caesar's (as you are approaching it and driving towards the valet area) and there is a driveway on your right.  Take that and it puts you in front of a steakhouse with valet.  Go to the 3rd level and there it is.  Nice place, great view, and the service seemed to be very good.  It wasn't busy for lunch though.  I had the basics - miso soup, yellow tail and halibut sashimi, and tuna nigiri.  It was all fresh and very good.  It is an expensive place though relative to sushi that can be had elsewhere.  If you're going to spend that much you may as well go to Nobu in the Hard Rock.  Nobu has marginal atmosphere but good crowds and great sushi.  I would come back here but only for dinner on a busy night.
5	The main reason I'm giving 5 stars is for the Bluefin Sashimi that they do topped with shaved black truffles, truffle oil, microgreens, and parmesan cheese. It's an unexpected flavor combo, but it is downright euphoric and should not be missed. I can actually say that this is the best sushi dish I've ever eaten and it's hard to go back to eating sashimi sans truffles. When Bluefin is not in season, you can get it with regular tuna or salmon and they are both amazing. It's not always on the menu, but if you ask, they'll make it. I've tried ordering this dish at other Sushi Roku locations, but instead of using shaved black truffles, they use a measely amount of these sorry crumbled truffle bits. It just doesn't compare.The other 5 star dish is the Tempura Fried Green Tea Ice Cream. Its a chunk of ice cream encased in a little  spongecake "box" which is then dipped in tempura batter and deep fried. It's also topped with a little raspberry sauce drizzle and garnished with fresh berries. The cake insulates the ice cream so it doesn't melt when they fry it. Not only is the flavor outstanding, but the crunchy tempura combined with the softest spongecake I've ever had is pure heaven.Some of the other dishes here are just kind of so-so and they are usually quite salty. I LOVE the spicy tuna on crispy rice at Katsu-ya, so when I saw that item on the menu here, I was excited to try it. Unfortunately theirs is extremely greasy so be prepared to blot the hell out of it.
4	The Sushi Roku empire was built out in Los Angeles, but the trendy vibe was transported across state lines to be featured in their Las Vegas location.  The third floor digs inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace provide expansive views of the Strip.  Being only a few flights above ground, you are able to enjoy the towering lights of the hotels, as well as the entertaining antics happening on the busy street.  The dim lighting and Asian-inspired decor make Sushi Roku a seductive spot.  However, the high ceilings and open dining room can get quite loud when full of larger parties.  (Our meal was continuously disrupted by a rowdy birthday celebration.)Since we were grabbing a late dinner, we decided to opt for some light courses.  I ordered the Mixed Sashimi Salad, which was a mound of fresh field greens topped with radish slices and served over thinly cut raw fish.  The platter included tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and more.  A snappy ginger vinaigrette was drizzled over the dish, providing a gentle spicing.  Each piece of fish was light, fresh, and tender.  I also sampled their Eel Avocado Roll, which contained eel slices so warm that the maki easily fell apart, one of my pet peeves.  My friend ordered the special Katana Roll.  The massive portion contained about 10-12 slices of a mixed spicy tuna and shrimp tempura maki, topped with tuna and yellowtail slices.  It was a fantastic concoction that she reminisced about for days.Many hip Japanese spots that provide fun atmospheres and innovative cooking styles, such as Nobu, often do not provide the same food quality as more traditional spots.  However, Sushi Roku scores 4 stars on all of points - style, creativity, and taste.
4	The food was delicious and the decor was beautiful.  The service was excellent and the prices were the typical Strip prices, expensive.
1	Came in to the restaurant, seated, and given a wine list. No one came after that to take care of my order or even asked for my drink order. I was there for a bussiness trip but I was alone since my colleague left the day before. 15 minutes went by, NO ONE served me water or even asked me my order, not even gave me a dinner menu (I had to ask myself, even so, no one took care of my order, even after I tried to catch their attention).  A group of 4 people came in. A waiter IMMEDIATELY asked for their drink order!!! Is one person bussiness not as important as 4 people? Is this how you treat your customer? My night was ruined and I was disappointed! I told the ladies at the front desk about it and they said "really?" as if they did not believe me. I left the restaurant because I felt that I was treated unfair and that my business was not important. Who wants to eat their food after that? I work for a large coorporate company and I don't recommend your restaurant at all to my colleagues, an yes, we do a lot of of business in Vegas!
5	I saw Bette Midler here!!! And she was wearing no make-up so it was hard to recognize her at first.  It was my friend's bday and her mom (and her mom's friend) flew us all to Vegas to celebrate!  We had a nice table, a little higher up than some of the others and who was sharing our little corner/section of private tables? Bette Midler and her friends! Her friends were giving us some dirty looks b/c we were staring/I think they could hear us asking each other if that was Bette Midler. Aside from that, our sushi was delicious! My friend and I shared the sake sampler and man that did the job. We were both pretty happy feeling and our sushi was so fresh, and so yummy! They service here was excellent, they really know how to provide upscale, quality customer service.  Our waiter was very friendly and got our food delivered fast.  One of the managers also came by to check on us and see how we were doing.  He was also taking care of Bette Midler's table, and after they left he was very friendly and polite in confirming that that was really her. Anyway, Sushi Roku, thanks for the great times and the great sake! I'll be back someday to try more!
2	Wow....where do I start. We headed to Las Vegas to celebrate my 40th birthday and because I love sushi I wanted to experience it Las Vegas style. I went onto Yelp to see what people had to say and discovered Sushi Roku. I literally read through each and every review to see what the hype was all about. Everyone kept talking about how great the wait staff was and how if its your birthday you get even "better" treatment. We showed up for our dinner reservations (and the host staff and wait staff was aware at this time that it was my birthday) and the two hostesses were so cold to my party. We then were seated at a window seat which was great I have to admit, the views were wonderful. The "waitress" finally after about 8 minutes decided to grace us with her presence and didn't introduce herself to us and blankly took our drink order. My first thought was "wow she is so not personable". It proceeded to go down from there. The food arrived so that one person was eating like 10 minutes before any of the other food arrived for the table. She never gave us the time of day but was working the other tables. Finally one of my friends asked her if she was aware it was my birthday and with a cold glare she said "yes". At that point I was ticked, you would think as a wait person (which I have done for years in my past professions) that you would try a little harder for the tip you EXPECT to receive from a group. Needless to say I approached the manager on the way out and told him that I felt very disappointed in my experience there and obviously they should look at their staff members. I would never go back there based on my experience. If you do try it good luck hopefully you get someone nice but dont expect anything special even on your birthday.
3	This was for my girlfriend's 30th birthday and she loves sushi so I wanted to treat her to a place that is nice. As we approached the front entrance of Sushi Roku, we were greeted by two skinny cold looking hosts. As one of them escorted us to the table, she nonchalantly asked how I was doing but it wasn't very sincere. She seated us right in front where we can see ... the outside to the mall. I caught a quick glimpse of the darker area of the restaurant that supposedly have a great view of the strip lit up.Needless to say, at least our server was nice. I told him we had a show to catch (Peep Show) and the order came out very quickly. We ordered:- Foie Gras wrapped in Yellow tail sashimi (foie gras was over powering and salty)- Toro (don't remember what it even tastes like, not impressed)- Japanese Yellow Tail Sashimi with Diced Chiles (too salty)- Chilean Seabass w/Yuzu butter (this was a flavorful dish. The bass was very well cooked)- Kobe Beef Skewers w/ Black Pepper Sauce (flavorful and tender; thumbs up)- Spicy Tuna and Rainbow Roll (rolls were pretty good size and tasted fresh)Total for 2 people: $216 including 1 mojito and 1 cocktailWould I go back? Only if I get a chance to have a nice view of the strip at night but besides that, not really.
5	I spent my 21st birthday with my family in Las Vegas and this is where we chose to eat on our first night. Due to a freak snow storm, the restaurant as well as the city was mostly empty. It is a beautiful restaurant, providing an escape from the mall it is in. The best Japanese cuisine I have ever had and the price isn't ridiculous as many restaurants in the area. I highly suggest trying the sake sampler. Being more of a wine snob, I never considered sake with a meal mostly because I knew nothing about it, but each glass came with an explanation. The service was right on point as well. I will definitely be returning.
4	My husband and I shared a late lunch at Sushi Roku because we were SO famished after shopping the forum shops. It was pretty pricey (though, what ISN'T in Vegas?), but the roll we split (the Shima roll) was great! Quite spicy, but in a really good way. The tempura was good, crispier than tempura usually is. That made me happy. :) The view of the strip is wonderful from here, I can imagine it'd be gorgeous at night. We may visit Sushi Roku on another trip to Vegas. I'd recommend it!
3	Sushi was good, decor was great, service was solid..BUT the price was silly! I expect to pay more in Vegas, but double...Other than that it would warrant four stars, but all things considered its a solid three.
4	The sashimi and skewers were incredible.  Also a big fan of yellowtail with jalapenos and ponzu.   Had several bottles of the most expensive nigori sake, which costs almost as much as our entire meal!
2	I made reservations on Opentable a month or more in advance and we still got a table basically in the mall.  We watched other people that had put their name on the list and waited get seated by the window and the view.Strike 1.Service SUCKED.  The waitress actually didnt talk.  She would walk up to the table and look at us and wait for us to talk.. She would walk by and we would say excuse me and she would clearly hear us and keep walking.  She never checked on us once during the meal and believe me her tip showed how unhappy we were.Strike 2.We ordered a sampling of items.. we had The shrimp dim sum, which was the best item we ordered.  Does anyone else think thats funny?  The best item was a chinese dish.. hahaWe ordered chicken yakitori which was pretty good but kind of overly yuzu'd up.   Way too overpowering on some bites.We ordered a scallop dynamite which was ok, again overpowered by a flavor, which this time was the bonita flakes on top.  And halfway through eating it you could see oil puddling at the bottom of the dish, signaling we should be done and we were.Last and least we ordered the Spicy Tuna crunchy roll (or something to that effect)  It was undercooked on the tempura outside, yet somehow overcooked on the Tuna inside.  Once this got a little cold it was disgusting...Strike 3.Price is outrageous really for the quality of food and quality of service.  It showed us that they really dont care if or when we come back and we wont.Strike OUT.
2	Writing this review on my mobile phone while sitting at the bar at Sushi Ruku in Las Vegas. Had a reservation, but as with the last 2 times I have been here, they are overbooked and there is a long wait.  I'm cool with waiting at the bar, but the bartender hasn't done anything but BS and serve the large group of girls at the end of the bar for the last 45 minutes.Honestly, the sushi isn't spectacular and the location is tiny, but I wind up getting talked into going here more than I would like to.This is the last time I am coming to the Vegas location of Sushi Roku.
4	I needed a little snack to tide me over until an evening event at Caesar's Palace, so I stopped in for a quick graze at the sushi bar.  I ordered a couple pieces of tuna and salmon sushi, as well as a spicy tuna hand roll, which I use as a measure of any sushi restaurant I visit.  Both were excellent, but the hand roll was a real surprise.Many times I have had a hand roll that was acceptable, but this restaurant went the extra step to crisp the nori before wrapping the spicy tuna.  The result is an extraordinary crunch of the seaweed before biting into the perfectly seasoned tuna.  Excellent atmosphere and great staff coupled with the food made me want to bail on my appointment and stay for a major feed.  Next year I plan to do just that!
3	I ate at Sushi Roku along with two other people last Sunday at around 5:30pm.  It wasn't crowded so we got a booth overlooking the window.  The waitress was attentive and the Asian-influenced ambiance was nice.We ordered just enough food to feed the three of us.  The cost was around $120 dollars for three people, including two small sakes.  The dishes we ordered included:APPETIZERHanaki Spicy Tuna on crispy rice cakes - This was quite good with a nice amount of spicy tuna on top of individual rice cakes.    The tuna had just a touch of spiciness.  There were about 5-6 pieces.Sweet potato tempura (two pieces) - We had to send it back the first time because the sweet potato wasn't cooked enough.  It came out better the second time.  I probably won't order the tempura again.SUSHIUnagi Hand Roll - It was a standard unagi hand roll, which is my favorite sushi.  The sauce wasn't overpowering like some unagi hand rolls.California Hand Roll - It was tasty since they included generous portions of real crab meat.MAIN ENTREESChilean Sea Bass with Sauteed Spinach entree (Added Miso Soup and Rice for $6 which was a bit pricey) - I felt the fish was moist but had a fishy aftertaste but one of my guests thought it was perfectly cooked.  Pan-fried  spicy jumbo shrimp with homemade potato chips - The shrimps were good-sized and were perfectly cooked. The sauce was not overly spicy.  The homemade chips were an interesting addition and tasted good with the sauce.
5	When going to this restaurant you need to know what to order to get the greatest experience, my friend of a friend was server and when I went I knew just what to order which was the... -Chilean Sea bass with Yuzu Butter Sauce (Amazing) -Yellow tail Sashimi with diced Chile's on top and Ponzu (Came out super fast and was really refreshing) -Lobster or Popcorn tempura, it comes in a sweet miso sauce which is to die for! ( I got the lobster) -Katana Roll (lots of fresh fish and tempura in it, it was large so we were able to share) -Shima Roll,( if you like spicy this roll is the way to go) -Salmon Carpaccio with Truffles ( anything with truffles and I'm in!) -Hanabi , which is spicy tuna on thees rice cakes ( takes a little while to come out but worth the wait) -Filet Mignon wrapped around asparagus it had a sweet sauce on top almost like teryiyaki but better (not a huge portion but perfect for an App with a couple people to share) -Banana Flambe, its on the dessert menu but the menu doesn't do it justice( i might come back for that alone!) So I went with 4 people and we all shared everything I think that was best way to go by far because we were all able to try so many different things, Oh and I cant write this review without mentioning the cocktails which were absolutely delicious ,my friend and i got the Tokyo Cooler and i could have drank about 10 of those! i will for sure be going back as soon as I can!
4	I really enjoyed our meal at Sushi Roku.  We were fortunate enough to make it for the 5 year anniversary and everything on the menu was 50% off, except for drinks!  It was an awesome deal and we took advantage of it.  During this Vegas weekend, I went to Sushi Roku, Okada, and Sushisamba....Sushi Roku was my favorite. The sushi rolls were awesome...I ordered all of the rolls my waiter recommended and the most expensive ones too.....heck it was 50% off!  They were all good, however, I wasn't a big fan of the lobster roll.  We did encounter some problems with service, however.  It seemed our waiter disappeared on us.  We ordered another round of drinks and it never showed up.  We asked another waiter to check on our drinks and she said it was coming soon...but still no drinks appeared.  We asked yet another waiter to find out about our drinks...finally the manager came and apologized and offered our round of drinks for free.  Since our round of drinks was offered for free,  we still enjoyed our time at Sushi Roku.The food was awesome, drinks were great, ambiance was cool, but service is a little lacking. Okada had better service but I didn't think food was as good and I would prefer to go back to Sushi Roku next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Unbelievable meal.  The only way to go imo is to do the omakase at the sushi bar.  That way you're literally salivating at what's coming up next.  Call ahead and make sure Kichi is the chef that night.  Every course is like heaven.  Comes to about $90/per person not including alcohol and would gladly spend that again anytime my friends want a fantastic sushi dinner on the strip.
5	I absolutely loved the food here! We had a party of 5 and ordered a number of dishes for the table to share. Whether it was a fusion dish or traditional sushi, every single dish was VERY VERY good. I'm not a big fan of truffle oil but I definitely thoroughly appreciated the Yellowtail/Foie Gras/Truffle Oil creation. The kobe was super marbleized. The sampler was a lot of fun. I could go on and on about each dish. As an afterthought, the decor is beautiful and the service is great too. =PThe only thing i didn't like was the hostess. The place was clearly not full but she made it sound like it was the end of the world that we didn't have a reservation and would have to wait. Arrogant much?
3	Short version: The food is good, but it is overpriced.  The profile should have 4 dollar signs.I expected to be blown away by $25 rolls, but they didn't taste any better than rolls you can find at any local sushi joint in SoCal.  I didn't have anything that was worth more than $15.  If you don't each much sushi or sashimi then perhaps you will have your expectations exceeded.  I will not go there again.Green Tea ice cream for $10, Sake sampler was $20.  Neither of them were any different than you will find anywhere else.
4	Sushi Roku was an awesome experience during my brief weekend vacay in Vegas.  My girlfriends and I enjoyed quite a few appetizers, including perfectly cooked edamame and scrumptiously fresh pieces of nigiri sushi.  For entrees, we ordered various rolls, more nigiri sushi, and a salmon/scallop entree that was absolutely delicious.Service was also excellent.  We had a very attentive server who recommended some fabulous drinks and also dinner choices.  I've got nothing bad to say about the Roku--except that the prices aren't exactly cheap.  But you get what you pay for, I suppose.  And the last thing I wanted in Vegas was for bad sushi to ruin my luck!
1	Let me just cut to the chase... I wasn't impressed...The restaurant is beautiful, but oh so noisy!  It's like trying to eat on the center divider of the 405 during rush hour.The food was very hit or miss.. The Lychee martini was nasty, but the Lychee mojito was very good.The shrimp dim sum appetizer was very good, but the sushi was very mediocre.  It made Todai seem delicious.Service was VERY substandard.  Everything we ordered came out in the first 15-20 minutes instead of being properly paced throughout the evening.. and then we waited forever to find someone to bring the check.And for the prices (almost $100 per person with tip), I'd expect everything to be perfect.I don't see any reason to ever go here again.  Next time I'm in vegas I'll be trying one of the many other sushi restaurants in town and I suggest you do the same.
4	I'm mainly giving this restaurant 4 stars for its awesome view of the strip and hip interior.  Medium to high noise level.  Me and my friend had miso soup, edamame, beer, the "Hanabi" spicy tuna on rice cakes appetizer and shared the Katana Roll.  My desert was the most memorable part of the meal.  I got the flambe fruit desert.  Mixed sauteed fruit, served in a crisp pastry shell with vanilla ice cream.  Very good.  Everything else was fresh and good, however, I feel it was rather pricey for the amount of food that we had.   You probably pay for the view.
5	I must say this place was pretty awesome, from the decor, to the view of the strip, and the food was amazing, the chilean sea bass was rocking, all the rolls were delicious and even the cooked steak and asparagus was tasty, a must stop in Vegas if you love sushi, good service and cold beer.
4	Me and my company really enjoyed our dinner here. The sushi is quality, the service was great, and they willingly catered to our special needs (shellfish allergies, needed to make sure there was no cross contamination). We were seated at table with a wonderful view of the strip below us, all in all, very ambient, romantic atmosphere. Fair prices- some of the Japanese restaurants in Vegas can go quite high, but this was fair in terms of good quality and good prices.
2	Sushi Roku, good reputation in LA. Sushi Roku in Las Vegas should be called Sushi Fooku, because that's what they're going to do to your wallet and your palate.A group of 5 of us came here around 9:30PM on Saturday night, in need of pre-late night nourishment. Yelping before leaping, this place had a decent review on Yelp. This is one of the only times I have  been steered wrong...but it was oh so wrong.The problems started when we began to select rolls to order. Usually I'm a sashimi girl, and I shy away from rolls. But I knew I wanted something to fill us all up. So I started everyone off with the Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice, and the first roll Spicy Canadian Rock Shrimp with Asparagus. The Tuna w/ Crispy Rice was great, but this is a standard for any sushi restaurant. The roll, on the other hand, was so tiny, 6 small pieces with even smaller ingredients - 11 dollars down.I asked our waiter what he suggested in terms of rolls, and wouldn't you know it, the rolls he told us about were both the MOST expensive rolls on the menu, 26 dollars a piece. A-hole.We ordered three more rolls, all small and average tasting and then were told that the kitchen was closing - WTF, 11, this is Vegas? But whatever, that's fine, we're done anyway. One round of drinks for 4 people, 2 edamames and four of the CHEAPEST rolls was $150 dollars. I'd happily shell out twice this if I didn't think I was merely paying for the overhead of the restaurant, because I know the food didn't cost 1/4 of that.If you do go here, don't expect anything great from the rolls.  It's an expensive tourist joint, plain and simple. The worst part is that it's now highly unlikely I go to this place in Los Angeles. I was so sad to have this experience because of Roku's great name out in LA, but I have to say, this location is the King of Meh.
4	This restaurant is beautiful!! It is very modern and comfortable at the same time.  The service was amazing... almost better than the food.  The appetizers were very good.  The miso soup was hearty and filling - the best I have ever had. The popcorn rock shrimp was amazing - one of the best foods I have ever eaten!  The sushi rolls were good, but certainly not the best I have had (Crystal Fish in Monterey, CA is still # 1 for me).  Also, the pricing was quite high - about what I would expect for a tourist city like Vegas.Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at Sushi Roku.  It was a great addition to our Vegas trip.
5	We both ordered the Chef's choice, wow, it was delicious & included some hot surprises!! Great view of the strip!!!!
4	A very modern restaurant on the third floor of the Forum Shops. With such a high price piece of real estate you expect the prices to be a little higher then a normal sushi bar. I don't mind paying a little extra as long as the fish is top quality. The fish was real tender and full of flavor. We had tuna, yellow tail, albacore, shrimp tempura hand rolls and spicy scallops.Great locationGreat Sushi
3	Rolls were okay.Hamachi okay.Seabass was overcooked for my taste. but okay.should've went to nobu...
1	I would give this place negative starts if I could.Food poisoning aside (this could happen anywhere), it was truly the worst dining experience in Vegas.The wait staff were rude, unattentive and just gave off a general bad vibe.  And since we were a party of 8, they slapped on an 18% service charge.  Again, that would've been acceptable if we received ANY SERVICE at all.Views were great but how can you enjoy it when you spent the evening trying to flag down your waiter?  I ended up having to get up to get someone to get me more tea.  I felt sorry for the booth next to ours because the waiter served my tea climbing OVER their seat.  Maybe he was too tired to walk the extra 3 feet around to fill my tea cup?Given the level of competition on the Strip, one would think service would be stellar but I've had better service at any strip mall sushi diner.  Truly awful, stay away.
4	Tasty, unique rolls. My fav sushi in vegas so far.love the location- in the forum shops... overlooking the strip.Fresh fish and they do something different than K-RAB!!! thank goodness!
5	I don't know much about sushi other than I have never had something like this before. It was simply amazing so much flavor. The interior and view compliment such good food.
4	Dimly lit, with hip, global influenced urban interior, Sushi Roku is sleekly packaged. Fortunately, the food is on par with its decor.Everything we tried (beef tataki, kurobata pork, chilean sea bass, and lobster roll) was fresh and well cooked. The flavors was creative without trying too much. It was fusion while still retaining basic essence of good, clean Japanese flavors.The only complaint was the over peppering of the tuna steak.A very pleasant dining experience if one ever needs a break from buffet overload.
4	I love giant clam, this place always has it fresh and crunchy,Don't let them seat you in the front area where you walk in, sit in the back by the windows , the view is great !. I, minus 1 star for the price here . Even with my local discount.
3	Roku doesn't disappoint in terms of freshness.  The sushi however lacks any innovation in terms of combining ingredients and wowing the taste buds.The entrees are all decadent and savory on the taste buds but the steak is a bit over drenched in salt and oil.  The desserts on the other hand are scrumptious and to die for.
4	Sushi Roku is very elegant and romantic. The perfect spot for a date, really. It has an awesome view, is dimly lit, and it just makes you want to cuddle a little closer together. My experience here was great. If I had been the one to pay, though, I probably wouldn't feel the same way. We ordered 2 Miso soups with Tofu, a Sashimi combo (6 pieces), the Crunchy Spicy Tuna w/ Avocado Roll, the Katana Roll, Green Tea fried ice cream, and some banana dessert. The portions were smaller than usual, but the quality, I would agree, was also better than the typical. The total came out to be a little over $100, not including tip. Thanks, Bug, for such a romantic and fun date. Swooooon. :)
3	We went with our kids and it was good.  The kids thought their rolls (California roll and tuna roll) were just ok.   We loved the roll we had and the sushi sampler.   The location is good, the view is great and the wait staff was very good.   The prices are definitely on the high end but overall it was a good night out.
3	the restaurant is trendy and has a great view. even though the place was not too crowded, the noise level is a bit intense - so on a busy night, it would probably be really noisy. we came for the sushi and overall, it was okay. it was fresh enough, but not the best i've had. we had the 'special' which was foie gras wrapped in hamachi and topped with black truffles. that was yummy - and you paid for it! ($50 for 3 pieces). dessert was actually very good - we had the tempura green tea and it was pretty awesome.service was a bit uneven. you really expect great service for the price you pay, but they were just 'okay'. for a part of two - we ordered several sushi rolls; sake; and dessert and spent about $150.overall, a good experience but wouldn't frequent this place.
3	If it wasn't for yelp I wouldn't have found this place, it's tucked away in the shops and on the third floors.  The atmosphere is definitely "uppity."  Very dark modern feel to it.  Ok, so as far as sushi goes, this place is pricey.  But, we went to Vegas for a friends bday and wanted a nicer place to dine. Started with the edamame hummus - which had a more watery consistency to it than I am used to.  There was edamame beans in there, which added textures.  I did not, however liked the chips that came with it for scooping.  I tried the spicy tuna and spicy scallop roles.  They were good, I guess.  I think I've had better sushi elsewhere.  My friends raved about the crab dynamite roll, but I didn't try it.  The portions for the BBQ chicken special was so tiny for the price - I couldn't see anyone getting full by it.  The best part of the meal was the dessert.  We told our server one of us was having a bday and they brought two sufferer deserts, and a cool flaming firecracker type candle.  Considering the place was dark, it lit up our table and made for a fun presentation.  Also the desserts were very delicious - a very rich chocolate brownie with ice cream and strawberries, and a fruit blend type of tart, I can't describe too well.I think this place is more presentation than food quality.
4	First thing: 20% off entire check for LOCALS!Second: birthday dessertS (yes that is plural) are complementary!So we had a pretty good waiter, we got the strip view table, and waters were regularly refilled.  Everyone at the table (party of 6) had very different meals - some had the special sushi assortment, one got the seabass (supposedly the best ever), one had tempura, my bf had salmon and scallop entree (he thought the salmon was dry), and I had the complicated order.My boyfriend and I split the crudo roku appetizer (all 6 sashimi specials in mini format): halibut with chili paste, yellowtail with diced chile, tuna carpaccio with ponzu, albacore with crispy onions, salmon with fresh greens and truffle, and octopus with salsa.  Yum little flavor fest.The menu had daily specials which had Japanese and Spanish mackerel, and the regular sushi menu had regular and Spanish mackerel.  They were out of all of it (the waiter said new owners are too lazy to swap out daily menus.  He also said previous owners made poor cocktails...thanks for the commentary) - instead I got whole scallop sushi (Hotate), softshell crab roll (very nice, not too fried, lots of yummy sprouts), a yellowtail scallion handroll (good quality fish, but not fresh nori), and miso eggplant appetizer (good sauce, yummy, hot).Also, I had the ginger yuzu martini - very refreshing with the meal...yuzu juice, ginger vodka, and ginger-vanilla something.Overall, it was very pricey but tasty and delicious.  For our birthday girl in the party, they brought out TWO desserts ON THE HOUSE: wonton wrapped ice cream with tropical fruits, and chocolate lava cake with ice cream and berries.  Those were polished off fast.  Then I told our waiter that my bf and I were locals and he gave us 20% off the entire 6-person check (we saved $60).Don't think I would rush back because of sheer cost, but I would recommend the experience.
3	Was in Vegas this past weekend and we came here for dinner. It was a nice place and heard good things about it. Its Vegas, so its going to be expensive on the strip let alone its in the forum shops at Ceasers. Anyhow, the sushi grade was great and most of the rolls were really good. The Katana roll was amazing. I ordered a side of the sweet potato tempura and i got two slice for 6 bucks. Had i known that, i probably wouldn't had ordered it. Anyways, it was good, but i would rather had eaten somewhere else for that amount of money.
2	Don't believe the hype.  $16 dollars for 4 skinny pieces of salmon sashimi. Bogus. If you are going to drop dollars, don't do it here.  It may be an awesome restaurant for LA, but it didn't work for me in Las Vegas. Reservation highly recommended.  Even then, hope for the best! We had to wait over 30 minutes for our food, hungry. It didn't help that we saw tables seated after us getting food before us. From what I gather, everything else that was ordered was good:  the halibut fish special, the ramen, the chicken skewers, and the sushi were delightful.  If it wouldn't of been for the the wait, you may have seen 3 stars from me.  If you are a party of 6 or more, 20% gratuity will be automatically tacked on to your bill, regardless the situation. Luckily for us, our waiter couldn't refute the mistakes and updated our bill.  Too bad he ended up with a couple of dollars, but maybe next time....a little more communication or some chips and salsa please...well you know what I mean. Drinks seemed appetizing, the bar staff was friendly, and the hostess was nice.   My company of 5 HOT woman made up for my meal.
2	I wanted so badly to love Sushi Roku... but alas, poor service has ruined an otherwise wonderful restaurant.  But there's just no excuse for bad service in a high-end, expensive Vegas restaurant like this. Not when there are so many other amazing restaurants to enjoy.The first time I came here, we were promptly seated at the sushi bar, where we just sat... forever... with nothing.. no drinks, no water, no menu. We looked uncomfortably around wondering if the restaurant was really even open yet. I finally had to awkwardly ask the sushi chef if we were supposed to order drinks from him (which is normally bad etiquette in a sushi restaurant, as the chefs only make the sushi). Finally a waitress showed up with menus and took our drink orders. And at some point later in the evening, those drinks finally found their way to us.In sharp contrast to the incompetent waitress, the sushi chefs were AMAZING. We ordered several of the high-end specialty sushi rolls (at about $26 a roll), and what we received was as delicious as it was beautiful. My favorites were the Titan roll, which was like a piece of art, and the Katana roll. Everything was so fresh and tasty.Meanwhile, we finished our drinks and ordered a second round. Once again we waited.. and waited... and waited. Keep in mind, there wasn't ANYONE else in our section... the restaurant was not busy at all, the bartenders at the bar looked bored... yet we waited and waited and waited some more for our drinks. By now, we had already finished the meal, and honestly, probably even digested it already. Once again I had to awkwardly ask the sushi chef for help. Only this time I asked for a manager (after explaining to the chef that he had done nothing wrong!).  The manager apologized, and soon we had our drinks. But really, we didn't even care at that point because we were ready to leave. Then I was shocked when I first received the bill, as nothing had been comped, but later when the slip came for me to sign, I found that he had comped the drinks and some of the sushi, so at least there's that.In our most recent trip to Vegas, we decided to give this restaurant another shot, since we liked the sushi so much. This time we sat at a table with a great view of the strip. I really liked the decor of the dining room, and felt quite comfortable there. But once again, the service disappointed us.  The first item we tried to order was the Oyster sushi, and were told they were out.  Next we tried to order the Spanish Mackerel sushi, and were told they were out of that too. Finally we ordered some rolls that they did have... and the waiting began again. As more and more time passed and we still hadn't received our sushi, I realized that this restaurant just has fundamental service problems. The waiter apologized and explained that sushi chefs were "slammed," but really, there's just no excuse for that when you are paying $26 a roll. We had tickets to see a show later, and I was starting to stress about whether we were even going to make it on time. I was also annoyed when the waiter gave us only a little bit of wasabi and ginger, to share, and then he even took that away partway through the meal!  I had to ask for more.I think this restaurant has so much potential, and I really do think the sushi here is very good. But bad service just ruined the whole experience for me. If it weren't for the great sushi and wonderful view of Vegas, I'd definitely be giving this restaurant only one star. Later in this same trip, we ate at Blossom in the Aria hotel, paid $20-$25 per entree, and had some of the most amazing service we've had in a restaurant. When you are in Vegas, you want to have fun and be treated like a king... and Sushi Roku just didn't do it for me. So disappointed.
2	OK, this place deserved 2.5 stars.Sushi quality was very good:  4-5 stars.  Prices were obscene, though, even with that quality of fish.  Minus 1 star for that.Service was lacking.  The place was nearly empty yet I had to wait a long time for everything.  Don't feed me piecemeal when there is NO ONE at the restaurant.  I sat at the sushi bar and had to wait for every pair of sushi to be served to me.  I'd like to pick what order I eat my fish.Please know what fish you do have and don't have.  This is a sushi restaurant.  It's like a bell captain who has to stop and ask the blackjack dealer where the elevators are (...which happened at the Venetian, btw.  But I digress.)  Minus 2 stars. Yeah, overall, the experience was lacking.  Aka... sucked.
4	The food was great, but they were out of a lot of stuff.
4	I've been here twice and liked both times I was here.  It's located in Caesar's towards the back so might be somewhat hard to find. We ordered the omakase menu, which came with multiple courses along with some sushi.  It was savory and had no regrets for springing for the extra dough on the chef's choice.  Yes, it's pricey for the dinner entrees.  American Kobe and Japanese Kobe steak not the same - Kobe beef much better!  The sushi / sashimi prices are on par on what you would find in Japan - so the sushi prices weren't pricey in my opinion just the end bill.  We liked the cool, retro interior albeit somewhat dark but it had a good view of the strip.  We had good service both times eating here.  I usually only get omakase (chef's choice) at a sushi restaurant but I would come back.
2	Our waiter was awful. He was absent for pretty much the entire meal. It seems like the flavor of choice here was Wasabi. There was so much Wasabi in some of the Sushi that my throat was on fire. I like to be able to taste all aspects of my food not just one particular spice or seasoning. On the bright side the view if you have a table by the window is really something else
3	Just had a business dinner here the other night.  It is located in the shops at Caesars Palace.  This is the second time that I have at there, but I will focus my review on this past visit.We had a sample menu with a variety of different appetizers and entrees, so we really ate much of the menu.  For sushi on the Las Vegas strip, this place would get four stars from me.  I normally hate spicy tuna rolls, but I absolutely loved this one!  The rest of the food was just as impressive. Now the bad.  First, the service was only ok.   There wasn't anything that stood out as really horrible, but for the price of the restaurant I would have expected more, especially in Las Vegas.  Also, I am really into my wine, and this place gets an "F" for  their wine list.  There was nothing that really was appealing, and the cab I ended up trying was so bad that I changed to Sapporo.  Overall, nice place to have some sushi while you are in the Caesars area.  Maybe you would have a little better experience than I did with the service only focusing on 2-4 people instead of 20-25.
5	Better the second time around. First time in March second time this past weekend. Ask for Paul if you're there on Sunday morning or afternoon. He's helped us out both times and hes one hell of a guy. Just tell him Carlos and Luis (the regulars from L.A.) recommended the place. As good as this place is Uni is disgusting...dont believe me? Give it a shot!
3	Sushi Roku is tucked way out of sight at The Forum Shops at Caesar's. It is romantic and dark. Our server was very professional. We ordered a bunch of apps to start. The tuna carpaccio was fresh but lacked in flavor so I had to add soy sauce. The Kobe beef skewers were tender and juicy but I am not sure if they really were from Kobe. The chicken skewers were ok - afterall it is chicken. I recommend the Seaweed salad and Miso Eggplant Dengaku.We were ready to order dinner and then a friend of mine got sick and left and her bf went after her. So my gf and I finished the apps and were full. We explained to the waiter that we had a problem with out friend and he understood but I felt bad for him since the place was almost empty.One thing I noticed in a lot of Vegas restaurants is that they are so dark inside. It's draining. Liven up and be more fun, it'll increase business.
1	This place was horrible! When we first got there the wait staff was a bit rude (not usual for vegas). There was plenty of seating but we were sat with a view of the mall, when asked to move they said the other part of the restaurant was closed but after we got our food they sat people by the windows?!?!? Didn't make any sense! This place was very over priced for such crappy food and service. I will never go back.
4	Very good sushi here.  Came here on a Saturday for lunch and was impressed.  Very fresh selections of fish, delicious Ankimo and Uni.  Had a very nice bottle of high end Sake.  Sat at the sushi bar as we do in all sushi establishments and had a good time with the chef's and staff.Tempura lobster is very good.  Loved the Aji.  I will be back for more from Sushi Roku.
2	Roku is to sushi as "The Golden Child" is to Eddie Murphy movies -- far closer to the bottom than the top.Roll selection was weak, and construction was worse. Having said that, their crab dynamite was delicious.
4	View - Amazing, Ambiance - Killer, People-Watching - Oh Yeah. Sushi...not quite five stars. We enjoyed our meal and the service was excellent, but I've had better sushi elsewhere. My biggest complaint was that I ordered a roll with jalapeno since I adore fresh jalapenos, and it tasted like celery. It had no flavor or spice, which didn't warrant the incredibly high price tag on this "special" roll. All it added was crunch. If I'm dropping over $20 on a roll, I think it should be perfect. In a lot of ways this place is five stars, but at the end of the day, it still comes down to the food, and very good doesn't qualify as amazing.
5	As a purveyor of all food fine, my wife and I ate here this past Friday night.  The serviec was friendly and not stuffy.  Our server Louis was great, very knowledgeable on the menu and a fellow foodie.  The decor was very hip and the Strip view from the main dining room were amazing.  We sat at the large couch-like tables and seating area, which are the best seats in the house.  We ordered the spicy tuna on cripsy rice, which was very good.  The jalepenos were diced and mixed into the tuna which was much better than most places that just place a sliver of the jalepeno on the rice.  Very tasty.  We also ordered the peppered kobi beef skewers which were tender and flavorful. Perfectly grilled.  We also ordered the baked crab handroll...which were the best we've ever eaten and we've had the ones at Katsuya and Koi. These by far were the best as the crab was flavorful and was stuffed in there...unlike Katsuya where they have the tendency to skimp on the ingredients.The best part of the night was the chilean sea bass with miso glaze. That fish was cooked to perfection, it was light, flaky and ever so sweet.This place rocks!
5	I really wanted to have great sushi in Vegas and I found it in Sushi Roku. The view at night is awesome. Service was great. Ambiance was on point. You must try the Kobe gyoza, unagi, and the green tea ice cream dessert. I haven't really tried a lot of sakes but the server hit the nail with his recommendation of the Sawanoi "junmai ginjo" sake. When I go back to Vegas I will definitely go again.
5	Sushi Roku is, simply put, delicious.My husband and I are huge (and I mean huge) supporters of Katsuya. Sushi Roku took them down a notch. If I could, I'd put a picture of Sushi Roki over Katsuya with the verbage "OWNED!"Luis, our server, was friendly, personable, full of knowledge, and a fellow foodie. No wonder why we loved him so much. His service was impeccable.Let's talk about the ambiance first. Immediately, you are greeted with a smiling pretty face. Our host walked us through the restaurant to the table. The decor was awesome. Very mellow, chill, and fun. All the waiters and sushi chefs smiled and greeted you as you walked by.We had an incredible view of the Las Vegas Strip from our ridiculously comfortable table. The couches were amazing. I could've taken an afghan, my lychee martini, and been perfectly comfortable all night. We had, in my opinion, the best seats in the house.My husband and I both had lychee martinis. Mmmm. I can still taste it. Mellow, light finish, perfectly sweet. It tasted like watching a sunset - it made me feel blissfully happy and warm inside.The food..... wow. Let me say that this is based on hot food, not the sushi. So I can't judge there... however....Our entire meal consisted of hot appetizers. Oops! They were just that good. We had Kobe Beef Skewers, Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice Cakes, Baked Crab Handrolls, and Chilean Sea Bass in a Truffle Miso Glaze.The Kobe Beef Skewers were delightfully tender. They melted in your mouth. The glaze was a perfect compliment - not overpowering, not weak. The Spicy Tuna.... I liked that it was a perfect square and no rice was showing (I'm strangely anal like that). The spicy tuna had the jalapeno's diced and mixed in. That was so much better than the slice on top and for some reason, my stomach handled it better han the thin slice on top.The Baked Crab Handrolls deserve a huge O-M-G. The crab meat was fresh and busting out of the handroll. We couldn't believe how much meat they stuffed in there. I could live off these things. I love the contrast of the cool soy sauce/rice wrapper/crab meat with the warm rice. (I'm drooling now. Nice work, self)And finally, the Chilean Sea Bass - perfect perfect perfect. 5 stars. I didn't really taste the truffle in the glaze, but the light tender fish more than made  up for that.I'd go back again in a heart beat.And Luis - thanks, man!
4	everything here in this place is bomb.  seriously this place is pretty damn good overall but their service wasnt the greatest cuz they were busy...
2	Sushi Roku - how I thought I liked you!I first went to Sushi Roku a few months ago, with the darlings Alysha N and Joanie M. We were having a very enjoyable night and were quite starving by the time we wandered into Roku. So we had a very good time, but with that caliber of company the restaurant was the last thing I was paying attention to. Also, that meal was very early in my sushi-eating career. Since then, I've been looking to go back.Enter: 20% discount for locals. That's all it took to get me through the door for my 2nd run at Sushi Roku. This time, accompanied by Ramze S, and Mr & Mrs Mark G - all accomplished sushi enthusiasts, with Mark being something of a gourmet. Let me give it to you breakdown-style.FOOD: The food was pretty good. Plenty of pretty good. and not enough great, especially with the prices in mind. The sushi & sashimi was pretty good quality, but nothing outstanding about it - and that was the consensus from the table. Where they seemed to do better was with the prepared dishes, which on our table was mostly appetizers. SERVICE: Acceptable at best. Yes, it was early in the evening and the place was just getting rolling. But on the other hand, it was nearly empty, so why not go over the top, Mr. Waiter? They didn't really foul anything up, but it wasn't the quickest service ever, and not only was friendliness or charm out of the question, but so was knowledge! The question "Can I get fresh wasabi?" took a 5 minute trip to the back before a "No, sorry." could be returned. (And, for what it's worth, this is the first sushi restaurant Mark's ever been to that didn't have fresh wasabi)ENVIRONMENT: It's a pretty nice place, that's for sure. And not uncomfortable. But it definitely doesn't look so hot while there's still light pouring through the giant glass windows, so come post-nightfall. OVERALL: "Meh" is right. We had a good enough meal, and a good enough time, but that's not enough these days, especially not at the prices that Sushi Roku charges. Even considering the 20% off, there was nothing special enough about the place to make it worth a return trip. We didn't feel taken or anything like that, but it takes more than not feeling robbed to get 3+ stars. Take some decent quality sushi, add all the pitfalls of a chain restaurant, mark the price up 100% and put it in the hippest room you can find. BAM! Instant Sushi Roku. If you wanna spend big bucks on sushi, even on the strip, you can find better places to do it.
2	Hungry for Sushi we searched yelp n the net for a good sushi spot, when came upon this place.will definitely not make it to my top sushi hit list. service was very slow and it took forever n a half to get out menu n the check. we sat at the sushi bar and we only got a few sushi rolls, though it was fresh i have to say it certainly was not memorable. we ordered the chefs sushi special where the sushi chefs choose the sushi. the place is very expensive so be prepared to empty your wallets for this one.overall will probably not come back. definitely not for the sushi alone. but i heard the hot plates are good.... i guess.
3	My friends were in the mood for rolls, so we ended up here after wandering around the Forum shops trying to beat the heat.  I opted for the 3 course prix fixe for $45.  Appetizers were very good - glazed chicken, salmon with truffles, and kobe beef skewers.  Sushi plate was ok but nothing special, and dessert was a simple sorbet and fruit platter.   I think the non-sushi menu is the way to go - on the whole, a pretty decent place with a great view of the Strip, especially at sunset.
4	Dinner was absolutely delicious. We had the special and 2 rolls. We also had 2 lychee martinis that hit the spot. We requested a table by their magnificent view and they agreed with a smile. We will definitely dine here on our next trip to Vegas. They get 4 stars because of price.
3	Thought the place was decent. Liked the Shima roll. Everything else was good. But did not have the WOW factor working for them
4	Great sushi, but expensive!! Then again unless you're buying a hot dog for dinner, EVERYTHING in Vegas is expensive!! We loved our meal. We had salad, one cocktail, 1 spicy tuna roll and a bento box...are you ready? $100!! Yes. But worth every penny. Every dish was flavorful!! Worth it!!
4	My boyfriend and I are from Vancouver and knew we would be eating a heap of fast food on our trip to Vegas, so scoped out the top Japanese restaurants in Vegas ahead of time. Sushi Roku was one of the top on the list, and as we passed by it during the day at Caesar's Palace, the decor looked lovely, as did the menu.I was really impressed with the ambiance of the place - it looked like it could fit 150 people easily and the furniture and light fixtures were grandiose. It was quiet on a Monday night, but allowed us to take in the spectacular night view of the strip. We started off with some edamame, Ingen Itame (Sauteed Chinese green beans with garlic sauce, $8), and Miso Eggplant Dengaku ($10) which were already really good. The eggplant was sweet tasting and crispy on the outside (Leo pointed out that it's because they removed most of the skin) but soft on the inside. Leo also ordered some Kobe Gyoza ($12) on special, which he was barely able to touch because of the entrees we ordered.Since this place is named for its sushi, I tried out the Eel Avocado roll ($9) and Garden vegetable roll ($12). The eel roll was pretty standard, nothing better than what I think I could get in Vancouver, but no complaints. The thing about the veggie roll was that it had a pretty strong japanese herb called Mizuna which is in between mint and cilantro. Not what my tastebuds normally like.Leo's choices were the special Baked lobster roll with creamy miso ($21) and the special Spicy crunchy shrimp roll ($18) which had tempura batter-like crumbs sprinkled over it. That was my favourite roll and definitely something I hadn't ever tried before. Leo wasn't impressed by the lobster, I think just because it was the most expensive and didn't really live up to the gourmet taste he was expecting. Most dishes involving lobster in the USA are pretty costly.In the end we had to take home most of the pieces and had no room for dessert. The service at Sushi Roku was excellent - we aren't used to having one staff take orders and check-in and another serving food and drinks, so that was a bonus for us. The server even folded Leo's napkin when he went out to the restroom.The only thing that lacks the extra star for this review was the dark corner table we had that made it almost impossible to read the menu in candlelight, and the just-above average rolls that were priced more than we'd usually pay at a restaurant in Vancouver.All in all, not a bad place to try if you're craving some sushi, have some money to spend, and want a romantic place to dine at with a great view of the strip.
2	After spending the morning at the pool, I needed to run an early afternoon errand to pickup some tailored items I bought as the Forum shops the previous day. The four of us were hungry and decided to grab something right inside the Forum shops. I valeted and was pleased to find most of the food joints on that end of the mall. We all had seen the Sushi Roku sign from the strip so decided to give it a try.The sushi was off only mediocre quality, at best. For that quality, it was extremely overpriced. Each of us only had one cut roll (I also had one hand roll) and the bill came to $120 for four people.I can't tell you where else to grab sushi in the Forum Shops, but there are plenty of more cost-effective options in there. I'd suggest Spagos (near the entrance to the casino on the second level).
3	This restaurant is a fancy contemporary Japanese restaurant with extremely beautiful ambiance. The menu is quite large, with some traditional items, fancy, unhealthy rolls, as well as a couple of entrees as well. I tried the kobe beef skewers that was a bit overcooked to me. Perhaps that was their take on it, but I definitely think that kobe is best cooked to the minimal. I was not too impressed. The slow cooked pork dish with rice however, was delicious! The pork was so tender and the sauce was amazing. I would definitely have that dish again! Great view of the strip as well, and the service was decent but not the best. Pricing is decent for a nicer restaurant like this. Solid 3 stars.
4	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed this place, I ordered salmon sashimi (the best that I've tasted) a few other rolls and my boyfriend ordered the Uni which he swears by...it is good quality fish and the views of the strip are awesome!
4	Japanese food + fine dining = usually not a logical mix unless we're talking omakase or kaiseki. However, Sushi Roku did a pretty good job of taking care of my friends' birthday dinner here. Recommendation #1: Chilean sea bass with truffle miso glaze. Though it's listed as an appetizer it was big enough to be an entree.Recommendation #2: Kurobuta kakuni. I ordered this for myself, but the rest of the birthday party descended on it like a flock of vultures before I even got a bite.  The plate came back to me with only the veggies and brown rice :( but I'm guessing the pork was really good?I would recommend Sushi Samba at the Palazzo over Sushi Roku only because Samba has a more unique menu that imo is worth shelling out a few extra bucks for.  But if you're looking for more traditional Japanese flavors, Roku gives you more bang for your buck in a similarly high end setting.
2	i've been here twice.  it has a good view of the strip and the ambiance is nice, but the food and the price don't go well together.  the chilean sea bass appetizer was good and we did order 2 of those, but everything else was just alright.  the sushi rolls we ordered weren't spectacular either.  the baked lobster roll was pretty plain and the spicy rock shrimp tasted pretty ordinary.  ummm...if you want to eat somewhere for view and ambiance and have a mediocre meal that costs more than mediocre, then this is the place to go.  it's not terrible, just don't expect food that's greatness.   happy sushi roku-ing.
4	Located in Caesar's Forum, Sushi Roku's seating view of the Vegas strip is amazing. The decor was romantic and modern. We ordered the 4 course prix for two and the entire meal was about an hour, it was long but it was satisfying. The service was excellent, you almost have to sit still and any movement they will come to ask how you are doing. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely come back for more Sushi Roku.
3	Most of the stars that Sushi Roku receives are for its amazing view of the Las Vegas Strip. No doubt about it, my sights were pleased with my experience, beautiful view, beautiful people, beautiful Vegas....Sushi Roku is like Ra sushi disguised as a Nobu. Adequately fresh fish with subpar textures and preparations for stellar prices. Granted, the miso glazed popcorn shrimp and black pepper kobe beef skewer are standalone wonders, they would be better off in a restaurant that doesn't call itself SUSHI Roku. I guess I should have known something was amiss when the non-sushi appetizers were so astounding. Sushi Roku did rebound well, though, with its fantastic chocolate cake, which was discussed at the table as possibly the best chocolate cake ever tasted, or maybe it was the vanilla bean cream, or maybe..it was because we munched on the decadent dream while peering at the most decadent town in the western United States.
4	My fiance & I love this place.  They have a happy hour in the bar only, but a few good food choices & drink discounts.  We have eaten in the main restaurant a few times too and enjoyed everything we have had.  Try the Tokyo Cooler drink...very fruity & delicious.
5	OMG hands down BEST sushi EVER!!!! We go on average 2 times a month and OMG it is so so fantastic!!! We try other sushi restaurants and always come back to Roku! Does not get any better than this.....There is no better sushi in all of Vegas and Henderson! trust me we have tried MANY!!! MUST GET the baked crab roll :)
2	The view is amazing, and that's where it ends. The selection of sushi really disappointed my girlfriend and I, so we decided to try two of the signature rolls and one old favorite. All of it was bland, over-priced, and just really not worth the time and effort to go there. The only other upside besides the view was the house Sake was pretty decent. Other than that, spend your money elsewhere.
4	Typical high end Vegas restaurant which in no way is a bad thing. Fantastic atmosphere, very interesting decor, our waitress was very knowledgeable and attentive. Service overall very good. The food was prepared and presented extremely well. Everything we ordered we thought was excellent. We had a couple different types of spicy rolls along with some yellow tail tuna sashimi which was incredible. We also had some raw kobe beef, yakatori and some tempura seafood which was also fantastic. Even the little bowl of miso soup I had was exceptional. We sat right at the windows with an incredible view of the strip. You will pay the price for this level of quality and surroundings but as a special occasion sushi place, I would certainly go again. Was a great place for a special date night.
3	Service was awesome. My husband and I ate there on 10/17/2010 for dinner and it wasn't too busy.We were seated right away, and our server was extremely attentive. She even suggested some sushi that wasn't on the menu and she had good suggestions.The sushi was decent but extremely pricey. You're on the Vegas strip. You have to expect it.Seaweed Salad = yumCrab Dynamite = yumShima Roll = yumRed Sun Roll = yumpremium sashimi special = alrightIf you get the Crab Dynamite, order it first. It takes some time to prepare.
2	Went for lunch recently and the place was empty! So we ordered the chef's special, a combo of sashimi and rolls and it was alright. The spicy tuna had a strange, mushy texture-I was not a fan. We also ordered the shrimp tempura roll which was great. I may have been expecting too much; I was not impressed with this lunch. With two cocktails and tip it was over $80!! Ouch! I do not think I will return-there is better sushi out there for less money. Only go here if you want to over spend on sub-par sushi. The view was nice!!
5	best sushi around; try their loc@ Sunset Blvd (LA).
4	If there is one place to eat in Las Vegas, it's Sushi Roku. It has great sushi and other items are available if you are not a Sushi person...
3	Having been to Sushi Roku in Santa Monica this was truly a let down.  Although the fish was fresh, the preparation, menu and overall experience lacked what compelled us to go there after having had many good experiences in LA.
5	I am an experienced sushi eater and I have been to Sushi Roku many times.  I can honestly say this is a top 5 place for me.  The fish is usually extremely fresh (one time it was merely good), the rolls are creative, the atmosphere is terrific, and the service is good.  It's definitely pricey but you're on The Strip, it should be expected.  All in all my go-to sushi restaurant in Las Vegas.
4	Fun sushi spot I try to hit everytime I'm in Vegas.  If you like sushi give this place a try.
3	I went there for lunch during my last trip to LV.  The environment is pretty nice, and the decoration is modern, but the service is kind of slow even though there weren't too many customers when we were there.  We ordered the lunch combo from their lunch menu.  The food is just ok.  Everything is just on the average level, but I was expecting it would be better given the price they charge.  So overall, this is not really a place you must try in Vegas.
3	This place is located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace.  The closest entry point from outside the hotel is via the valet parking (actually free, but tip req'd) at the forum shops.  We got there earlier than our reservation (a Sunday) and they were able to accomodate us.  We got a table w/ a great view of the strip looking southbound.  Very sleek, modern interior, dark, loud modern music.  We ordered: eggplant app (yummy), pork korubata (good but fatty and not for sharing), seaweed salad, kobe beef and scallop app (beef was too chewy), california roll, unagi avocado roll, and the chicken entree (a bit dry).  The rolls were alright, nothing elaborate for their pricepoint, perhaps the nigiri/sashimi would have been better?  They had a nice assortment of small plates that we should have stuck with.
5	I love Sushi Roku.  A friend and I decided to get lunch here one day because we didn't want to fall pit to the "we're in Vegas, let's have buffet" like we did the time before.  I had had Sushi Roku one time a couple years ago, but wanted to try it again.We were promptly greeted and sat at the sushi bar.  The chef was great.  I threw out a couple suggestions of what I like, but wanted to have his recommendation as to what I should have.  Although they didn't have ankimo this time, he did recommend a few other dishes.  The tako roll was really tasty, but the nigiri I had was by far better.  The katsuo was one of the best preparations I've had in a very long time, light sauce and onion, perfect!  Katsuo is my favorite fish, and actually one of the cheaper ones.  It wasn't even on the menu here, but he had it! =)  I next wanted to have a full aji (i.e. sashimi, nigiri, and then the filet is deep-fried), but the aji was already filleted, so I decided to just have a couple pieces seared.  The next was a great recommendation of saiko sake.  Saiko sake is what the Japanese consider to be the best salmon in the world; this salmon comes from New Zealand.  I normally don't care for fattier fish, but this was exquisite.I admit the food here is a little pricey, so make sure to get the good stuff.  If you want California rolls go somewhere else.  If you want to be adventurous and have high-quality sushi, this is the spot.
5	I heart Sushi Roku.Atmosphere, Food, Service - this place as it all.Despite being located in an upscale section of a "mall - "Forum at Caesar's Palace, the dark, rich wood, ponds with koi, multi-leveled seating (booths and platforms) and the warm lighting made this place irresistable to not walk into during a break in my shopping frenzy. This place had the hints of a warm romantic restaurant with the modern edge that made dining here accessible to all.  No matter where you are sitting (even if you aren't near a window) you'll enjoy the view.I was ready for a huge meal and my dining partner and I (having walked from MGM) were ready for a giant meal.We took the server's suggestion of a Tokyo Breeze (a sake cocktail).  It was amazing!  Perfectly balanced - not-too-sweet citrus cocktail made from sake, to this day, as not found it's equal in ANY establishment i have been to.  It was amazing..Starter:Chilean Sea Bass Eggrolls- I think this has forever changed my view on eggrolls.  The buttery flavor of the Chilean Sea bass was perfect with this dish.  The tender fish paired with the crispy wonton skin... amazing.Sushi:Uni - Delicious!Salmon - tAMAZING!the server mentioned that this was suggested by the chef because I had ordered so much salmon sashimi (it was a special kind - i can't remember, but had thicker bands of the delicious fat and was a more deeply hued orange than what I am used to) Eel- (freshwater) it was prefectly sauced with great consistency.The slices of fish were well matched size-wise with the perfectly seasoned riceSashimi:Salmon, Yellowtail, and Tuna - all were delicious!Rolls:The rice was NOT smashed into the nori and the balance of all the flavors were perfectly matched!We had the Kani Kani roll because we are crab lovers!  A roll done with crab 2 ways - inside (Alaskan snow crab) and outside - fried/tempura!  Delicious.there was a great selection of rolls that seemed to cover everything from the extremely lavish to the simple but delicious..TRY them all!Service was extremely helpful, prompt and polite.  They were very attentive when we needed them and magically disappeared when they were no longer needed.. its that 6th sense that great servers are known for.. Sushi Roku servers had it.This will be pricer than what you are used to, but it is every bit worth it.
5	We were a little scared from the front since it was a Thursday night and it seemed empty, but after walking to the back of the restaurant, we realized everyone wanted to sit by the view over looking the strip-ROMANTIC.Honestly, I could live off the spicy tuna here. It's perfectly spicy, perfectly textured, and perfectly great. Try the spicy scallop hand roll and yellowtail sushi too; all their fish is extremely high quality, and it obviously reflects the steep prices.We ordered a bottle of Saki (can't remember the name, probably because I couldn't  pronounce it at the time), and it went down extremely smooth and had a great, light flavor.. Our waitress would run over everytime she saw our shot glasses empty and pour us another round; ROYAL TREATMENT.
2	Sushi Roku inside the world famous Forum Shops..... oh man, I was bummed. The ambiance of the restaurant and the location are awesome.  I sat in a half booth, half table with a gorgeous view down the strip.  The decor and setting is beautiful and romantic.  The food on the other hand, was disappointing. :(  When you walk in you expect flawless flavor and quality based on first impressions.  It's average food if you ask me.  Service was great, no complaints there.  But I could have gone to SushiWa or SushiMon and eaten a $26 all you can eat sushi dinner and leave stuffed & stoked, not leave still hungry.  Sushi Roku is very pricey, $125 dinner for two.  I was rooting for this joint but unfortunately, it won't be suggested for it's unique flavors or amazing taste.
4	Good sushi spot, cool views of the strip. typical vegas prices, ie you get half the quality at twice the price, but how else can they build all those casinos? cant rely on gambling loses anymore i guess. we very much enjoyed the meal. sushi was VERY slow coming out. everything else was quick  and good.
3	3.5 stars.Location is nice, with view of the strip. A little too dark in there, but nice decor/ atmosphere.Shared the Chilean Seabass, which was very good. Had the titan roll which was okay, but nothing spectacular or worth the $22 price. And then go the black cod, which was very good. Octopus roll was very good as well.For the price, I've had better, but it is a solid place if you're looking for good sushi.
5	I rarely give places a five star. A five star place is the perfect model which all other places aspire to be. Sushi Roku is that place.Obviously the top criterion for any sushi place is the quality of the fish. It tasted fresh--and I mean out of the ocean fresh! I still am having a hard time trying to get my head wrapped around the fact that Las Vegas is nowhere near an ocean and yet it was the freshest sushi I ever had.With that out of the way, the service was impeccable. More than one person had their eye on me to see if I wanted anything else. What I was impressed by was that they balanced the way to be immediately responsive without being too imposing. All I had to do was make eye contact with one of the restaurant staff anywhere and they seemed to master communication by gesture among the staff so the right person could address whatever it is i was looking for.Finally, what is a sushi place without a master sushi chef? This guy was good. I even asked if they had things that were not on the menu and he still produced them in less than three minutes.Granted I did drop 80 dollars by myself here, but with this kind of service and this kind of food, I find it is worth the money.If you are in Vegas, and you really like sushi, there is no excuse not to go here.
2	WARNING!!! DO NOT ORDER THE CHEF'S OMAKASE MENU! My husband, cousin, and myself were staying at Caesar's Palace this past weekend and we were craving sushi. Since Sushi Roku was located inside the hotel, we decided that it would be convenient to go there. We decided to splurge a little and try the Chef's Omakase Menu ($90 per person). We were super excited. They even offered a complimentary glass of champagne which was so delicious.  The meal started off strong. We were served a piece of halibut sashimi w/ shiso leaf & yuzu gelee, a piece of king crab w/ caviar, and a piece of seared toro with a piece of truffle on it. All three of us were in ahhhh. This alone deserves two stars. We immediately thought that if the first course was an indication of what was to come....we definitely were in for a treat.Unfortunately...it was all down hill after wards. Our second course was a seared albacore salad. It was good, but nothing special. The third course was 4 pieces of red snapper sashimi (this was one of our least favorite dishes). The 4th course was a miso glazed halibut (so common). Then came the sushi course. I was expecting this  to be the best course, but it ended up being the worst. We were served Spicy Tuna Rolls topped with pieces of sashimi (kind of like a rainbow roll), and three pieces of sushi (toro, mackerel, and yellowtail). All of this was followed by a chocolate lava cake for the dessert. Our bill came out to $377 and it was a major disappointment. I've eaten at other Sushi Roku locations and they were good, but this meal just pissed me off. When someone orders an Omakase Menu....it pretty much represents what the restaurant has to offer. If I knew I was going to get Spicy Tuna Roll for $90, I would never had opted to splurge. Note: The rating that I give Sushi Roku is 2.5 stars. The half star is simply for the complimentary champagne that comes with the omakase menu.
2	Gotta say, I was definitely disappointed in this place. You are paying for the strip view and nice atmosphere at this restaurant. The sushi was average at best. The sake we got a bottle of was good - though it was $35 for a 330ml bottle (barely bigger than a beer bottle). And that was one of the cheapest there. Would not recommend it to my friends.
4	Food: 4/5Service: 4/5Cleanliness: 5/5Decor & Style: 5/5The food is definitely good. Nice view of the strip. You can tell it's a pricey place by the way it looks. The place is pretty dark, but that is because they want everyone to notice their huge view of the Strip.
4	We consistently have great service, food and quality every time we visit. We have dinner here at the very least twice a year during our Vegas trips and recommend our sushi loving friends to head over there too when they are in Vegas. I am sure there are other places to go for sushi in Vegas but the location (in Caesar's Forum Shops and there is valet, right off of Las Vegas Blvd., so no mixing with all the other LVB traffic, cabs and hoypoloy!) Our latest visit was much of the same, great service, sushi and quality. They had a private event that took up most of the dining room, but opened up more seating and were able to seat our party of 4, maybe 15 minutes later but it was prime time dinner hour 7:30 pm and there is a Peter Lik gallery across the way so the wait was nominal. We ordered our staple crab miso, rolls and sushi. The wait staff was attentive and quick to fill waters, change plates and check on us. We had a great meal!
3	Delicious, delectable but pricey sushi with a great view of the strip.   Highlight: hand rolls - Eel Avocado and popcorn shrimp washed down with an Asahi draft
4	Amazing fish to be savored here. Quiet mid week lunch I joined 3 others at the sushi bar and scanned the menu.  Sashimi combo- 2 cuts of 4 fish but mouthwatering delicious. Monkfish Liver sushi was a nice change. Never had it before and actually I don't recall seeing it on other menus. Not bad. I'd order it again. Tako roll was small. A let down compared to the amazing presentation of fish.The takeaway here is high quality in an upscale location with warm charm and great service. You do pay for what you get but it's worth it. I'll be back for dinner with friends.
4	Their sushi was really good, yet very plain, but I would have paid less for AYCE somewhere else. Don't get me wrong, the food is fabulous! It's just seemed a little overpriced for what you order.We ordered the most expensive rolls and to tell you the truth, they were all great! They don't smother their sushi rolls in sauce, so you get to actually taste the fresh fish and every bite was so delicious. We also ordered the Prime Rib Eye Skewers w/ Black Pepper Sauce & that was so amazing. The meat would just melt in your mouth and the sauce wasn't too much it was perfect. We even ordered the Rib Eye entree after all the sushi rolls we ordered and it was phenomenal!I went here for my 5th anniversary with my boyfriend and Sushi Roku have us a complimentary dessert along with a beautiful firework for an entrance. It was executed very beautiful and I thought that was really thoughtful of them to do that. They are really nice over there and you get the best service around! I would suggest this place to anyone that would like to experience a nice elegant dinner where you have a beautiful view of the strip.
5	Im not a fan of sushi, but this turned my experience around!! I went to this place with my fiance, dad and 2 friends and they all had a great time.We got the best table in the place and surely it got one of the best views on the strip! The server was great all thru the night and we got 2 free cocktail samples each, and gave us a very good recommendation of sake.Later we had the pleasure meeting the owner, who was very friendly.We never got to the dessert because the sushi rolls was really toooo goood!I will come back thats for sure!
4	Dined here two years ago and haven't found a sushi place as good since. Friendly staff, yummy cocktails and tasty rolls.  He doesn't like sushi, so he got beef teriyaki.  The portion was small for the price, so stick to the rolls and tempura. It was the day after my bday and they gave me a complimentary dessert with a really cool sparkler in it...Vegas style, super flashy.
2	This place was recommended to us by a local at our hotel. Ambiance was great. Service was great. Food not so much. A coworker and I were there Saturday evening. We took suggestions from the chefs menu that day, an appetizer recommended by the waitress, sashimi, and then some rolls. Maybe we didn't order the right items but nothing seemed fresh. Really disappointed because I had high expectations going in.
3	ok food....nothing to rave about!
4	from what i rememver.. it was okay
5	Sushi Roku was a great experience for us.  My boyfriend and I stopped there on the way to a Circ show at the Wynn.  The food was delicious and the service was nice.  I will admit, there wasn't much of a crowd when we went, but that's better for us.  We sat at the sushi bar and asked the chef to create something special for us, and boy did he ever.  He delivered some very fresh sashimi, served with truffles....yummy!  It was not cheap, but so worth it.  It u want cheap, go to sushiRUS!
1	Staff is snobby and unhelpful, place is nice, their sushi was gross and way overpriced for tasting so horrible will never go back
4	Best california roll I've ever had made with fresh alaskan king crab and not the imitation crab roll.  I also got some yellowfin sushi that was delicious. Service was excellent and I really enjoyed sitting at the sushi bar.  The chefs cut up fresh whole fish right there.
5	Amazing sushi!  Everything in Vegas is pricey, and this is no exception.  However, when the food is amazing and the sushi chef is knowledgeable, it's worth it!  Prices weren't too bad...  I usually check the prices of the spicy tuna roll (since every sushi place has them) for comparison.  The Spicy Tuna Rolls at Sushi Roku were $11.  Again, expensive, but not over the top.  And for delicious sushi, I'll take it any day!  Make sure you go here - much better than Yellowtail Sushi in the Bellagio, and less expensive too!
1	food: got the worst food poisoning after eating at sushi roku in vegas.  worst.service: badfinal thoughts: awful
3	I really am giving this place 3.5 stars for two reasons.  The noise level and the lack of server loyalty to our table.  Atlhough that's not necessarily a bad thing, it was a bit confusing.  I'll get to that shortly.  We arrived just a few minutes after our reservation, but that's because we got dropped off by the cab on the wrong side and had to hike to the other side where the shops were to get to the restaurant.  When we arrived we were seated promptly.  We were placed in a nice two top right against the window overlooking The Strip.  Really nice view.  However, although were so close to each other, it seemed difficult to have a normal conversation.  The music was a little loud, which in turn had the patrons talking louder, and the two tops are so close together, we were having to talk over each other tables conversations.  I'm sure they felt the same way.This is where I get to the lack of server loyalty.  We had someone greet our table almost immediately.  He offered us menus and water and said a server would be over shortly.  He even put in an order of edamame for us.  Server #1.  Our edamame came out almost immediately, brought to us by what I assume was a runner.  Person #2.  The server came over to take our drink orders. Server #3.  This was also the same person that took our food order.  The previous runner brought out our first round of sushi.  The sushi was delicious.  We had a couple rolls and the Chef's Sushi sampler.  The tuna and salmon we had was like butter.  Definitely high quality.When we were finished with our first round, a server asked us if we wanted anything additional.  This was a different server from our initial one.  Server #4.  We said we weren't sure and asked for another menu.  Once we decided, we had Server #5 come take our final order.  He also brought us our last roll, and brought us our check.  When we got the check, I was confused as to who would be getting our tip due to the number of people that served us.  While I certainly appreciated the constant attention, I wanted to make sure that the tip was given appropriately.  I tipped 20% as I do normally and hopefully the servers receive their tips appropriately, however that may be.  Not once did we ever see Server #1 again.All in all, I would probably return here again.  Maybe not on my next visit, but at some point.
3	Excellent service and ambiance but overpriced. Then again, it's Vegas and everything is overpriced. Everyone in the group enjoyed their food. My fried rice and miso eggplant were delicious. We shared the creme brulee and mochi samplers for dessert, which were both decadent. I don't know what was in the food, but less than 15 minutes after the meal we were all hightailing it to the bathrooms. :P
2	Environment slightly dark, very high class feel. The food was extremely expensive, so I was expecting some high quality food. Ordered some sushi, sashimi, maki rolls, and the salmon with scallops entree. I have to say, I was very dissapointed. The food was good, but no more than average, absolutely not worth te ridiculous prices. I've had WAY better, cheaper, elsewhere. But it's Vegas, so what do you expect? =p I would not go back here for the food because I could get the same quality other places, for AT LEAST half te price.  Total came to around $150+. only reason to go is environment, or if you want to spend a lot of money.
3	PRICE         1   stars    (Too Pricey)FOOD         3.75 starts (Good quality)     SERVICE    4.5 stars    (Good host and great staff)QUANTITY  2.5 stars   (Really small portions)Hence I gave it a total of 3 starsItems we got- $5 Miso Soup- $18 Tuna sashami Caprico (Cold Appetizer)- $22 Katana Roll (Special Roll)- $11 Spicy Shrimp with Asparagus (Regular Hand Cut roll)- $10 Wine for the wife (Argentinian, she really liked it) Total $71 with tax. Total bill $82. Still left hungry and only got 1 drink.Would I go there again ? Yes only if I win money while I gamble.
3	Was seated and ignored for 5 minutes, no greeting. Then the waitress comes up asking if I was "ready to order?" Of course I said yes because I didn't know if she would come back if I had said "no".Where the service lacked, the fish was their saving grace. Had the yellowtail sashimi and their specialty roll - the Titan! Delicious all around. Wish I could do 2.5 stars cause that was my overall experience.
5	Ambiance: Stylish, sleek, authenticFood: fresh seafood, melts in the mouthPresentation: fabulousService: very attentive and knowledgeablePrice: high but reasonable for what you getThe three of us (my dad, my husband and myself) had miso soups, a garden salad to share,  2 sets of sushi rolls (we had to go for a second of the baked crab roll -  sooo good), octopus sushi,  2 plates of Chef's Sashimi combination, and a carafe of sake.  Oh, and don't forget to go for their deserts!!  We had mochi (strawberry, espresso and mango). Espresso was by all means our favorite. Very rich in flavor and don't be surprised if you leave your plates crystal clean :) For our dinner, we paid close to $270 (with tips, taxes). High, but something worth the experience.Bon appetite.Ulyana
5	We decided on this sushi restaurant based upon other Yelper's reviews.  We were not disappointed.  There were many wonderful choices on the menu but my husband's love for Salmon, avocado and jalapenos was satisfied when the restaurant made him a "special" hand roll with soy wrapper and included these 3 items.  I have posted the picture.  Also try the albacore tuna tacos and the Spicy Rock Shrimp with asparagus cut roll.  Our waiter Khang, originally from Hawaii, was exceptional.  We had a wonderful view of the strip from our table and we couldn't have had a better time.
5	We ate at several sushi places while in Vegas, this one was the very best. Great ambiance, great server, fresh sushi. Crunchy tuna sushi was amazing. California roll with real crab and a special tuna roll with cilantro was awesome! I would go back to Vegas just to eat here
4	Took my wife out for our 10th anniversary.  The sushi was great!  We'll be back.
3	The place looks nice and the staff was really cool. The sushi chefs were actually Japanese. The food was just ok however. It was a steep for what I'm usually getting. The best thing about Roku is they use real grated wasabi.
5	Went here on our anniversary trip. The food was great, same as in Pasadena CA... service was slower and we were ignored or rushed depending on which server kept coming to our table, since we had 2 taking care of our table...BUt the food was spectacular as always.
5	Great ambience, exceptional service and over the top food.  I have been to this location many times and it has been consistently top notch.  Usually get the "Omakase" (chefs choice).  I have tasted many different offerings and everything is fresh and tasty.  Not a sushi person...they do have beef as well and I wouldn't pass that up either.  I am told all their chefs are master sushi chefs from Japan...and it shows.  If you're looking for a $10-15 meal...this is not the place for you.
4	we got 3 rolls and they were some of the best we've had. the prices aren't too bad for sushi in las vegas. if you can get seated in the front, there is a nice view of the stripwhen we went, there were 2 huge birthday parties that were extremely loud and disturbing. I am hoping that isn't an every day occurrence or i wouldn't want to return
5	This place is not as good as it gets, but it was sure as good as I wanted it at the moment. Late night, money lost downstairs at the casino, too tired to think where to eat and I stumble into this restaurant by accident. The host is the waiter and his name was a fabulous Paul. Paul sits me down at the sushi bar and the chef just stares at me. I was so hungry I didn't even think to ask for the OMAKASE ! What an idiot! The Omakase is $90 per person, but they serve so much that I saw people fall of the chair from being full. I don't even remember what I ordered, but I lost my balance after the first bite. Then I turned around to face the windows and THE VIEW!!! THE VIEW of my beloved las VEgas Blvd from the 3rd floor of Cesar's Palace with an orgasmic sushi in my mouth made my night.  Cesar's Palace curves at this point on the Blvd. and you end being sort of in the middle of it with bay view windows. I am flying there in two weeks to order the Omakase and I will update the review with details.
5	Had my bday dinner here. I had a spicy tuna octopus roll which was SO good. I love octopus. Also, for dessert they gave me chocolate souffle with a sparkler on top. Love it
4	Friendly great staff. Some of the sushi is good, and some average. It's pretty expensive. You can get a table with the view of the Strip. I had the Salmon which was good but just expensive. Lol.
3	We went there since it was suppose to be the "happening" sushi place on the strip. While sushi was good, I didn't find this place that much fun. The view of the strip is quite spectacular though.
5	I've only been to Vegas twice and both times we came here - my favorite sushi place ever!  Great food, great service, love the location.  We brought 15 people with us  and they've all been back!  The chef's selection was amazing and looking out on the strip was great.  I highly recommend and can't wait to get back on my next visit to Vegas!
5	This is a great way to start a night in Vegas. Sushi Roku was amazing and such a great place to begin our night. The sushi and drinks were delicious! The staff very helpful and nice and the ambiance great! I highly recommend going here.
4	Happened upon Sushi Roko when looking for lunch options with my boyfriend. The modern, zen-like decor beckoned us in. This place is hip, right in the midst of the strip with sweet views. Our server was very nice and extremely helpful. Gave us a run down on the sushi and offered great recommendations. The sushi concoctions here are unique but a bit on the pricey side ($20-30/roll). We ordered the Katana Roll (spicy tuna and shrimp tempura on top of tuna and yellowtail), the Shima Roll and the Baked Lobster with Miso Sauce. The Shima Roll was excellent with a nice melding of flavors -- shrimp, spicy tuna, avocado and cilantro. The Katana Roll had a funky sauce drizzled on it -- not a big fan. My boyfriend loved the Lobster Roll -- generous pieces with a mouth-watering taste. Sushi Roko is a nice choice for couples, friends or large groups.  The atmosphere is fun, hip and elegant. Just be prepared for a big lunch/dinner tab. Our lunch bill topped $100 with no alcohol and I still had a little bit of an appetite when we left. Awesome sushi and vibe though!
1	Went here for lunch. Ordered lunch sized teriyaki chicken with salad and spicy tuna roll and a specialty roll of shrimp tempura, spicy tuna and tuna and yellowtail sashimi. I thought it was waaaaay overpriced for the quality. I eat sushi at least once a week and this was not good. The chicken was over cooked and the spicy tuna had the consistency of baby food. Moreover, we spent $50 on lunch and left hungry. I would not recommend this restaurant.
3	Oh what a night of culinary delights with my colleagues in Las Vegas at Sushi Roku.   In the famous Forum Shops at Caesars on the 3rd floor, this dark and sensual place is a great intimate place to gather with friends or on a romantic date.I had one of the most outstanding dishes I had ever had  - it was the tempura lobster with a miso glaze.  It was sweet and amazing because of the sticky miso and crunchy because of the panko tempura and juicy bits of lobster.  Our table couldn't get enough and was like heaven.  This item was a special on the menu and is a must have.
4	This place never disappoints - food is always amazing, service rocks, and the view of the strip kills! Make sure you yell at the sushi chefs when you enter.
4	One of the best sushi restaurants in Vegas.Rolls are a bit pricey but are very creative and have much more fish than most of the other "fine dining" sushi restaurants on the strip. We had the Katana rolls which consisted of Tuna and Yellowtail on top of a roll with spicy tuna and shrimp tempura, these were fantastic, the shrimp was perfectly tender and the flavors worked well together.Also had the crunchy spicy tuna with avocado which was perfect. And the spicy scallop roll which we really enjoyed.I was quite hungry and wanted something hot so we tried the Chicken Yakitori  skewers, awesome, and the Kobe Beef skewers, alright but not as good as I would have hoped.Service was excellent and the bar makes some very innovative cocktails, I am not much of a cocktail drinker myself but my better half ordered the Tokyo Cooler which I tried as well and agree with her opinion that it was fantastic.Tab was just over $160 with three rolls, the chicken and kobe skewers, a shared dessert, two cocktails, and a couple beers. Not bad for Vegas.
5	Great, especially better at the happy hour. Been here several times before, and we love it each time. Pricey, but good. Ambiance was great, and great location, you can shop after too work off the calories. Spicy tuna as usual was the bomb, juts enough flavor not too greasy. Volcano dessert was awesome.
3	Came here for a late dinner after watching Phantom of the Opera.  Ordered the Sushi combination and Tuna Carpacciowhich I thought was ok.  The Seabass truffle was actually really good.  The best part of the meal.  We had dessert and I thought the banana flambe was really good but the volcano was ok.  Overall it wasn't too bad. If I come back again, it would probably be for the Seabass Truffle and Banana Flambe.
4	Staff: Our server was nice, efficiently attentive.  No wow factor, but I'm not the type to go looking for one.  It did take a while for us to get our check, but I'm assuming it's because most people will loiter there after their meal.The goods:  I had a steak teriyaki something or other.  It was good.  I guess I'm a little indifferent because people rave about this place, but I don't remember experiencing anything ethereal about it.  Still though, it wasn't bad.  I'm really picky and bias about my sushi, so again, not really wow'd.  As far as sushi goes, I could stand to eat it again.  My dessert was fantastic, but you can't go wrong with a molten chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream.  And my friend got the fruit mix with different dipping sauce.  Never heard of a kiwi dipping sauce, very unique.  It was sweet and delicate, very tasty. The atmosphere: This is where it got good.  I loved the decor.  I did manage to trip on the round stones, but that's more my fault than the restaurants.  I liked the dark tones and wood and modern yet aged feel.  It was very pretty.I gave it 4 stars because it wasn't bad.  I wouldn't mind going back, we had a nice view and a nice meal, but I don't think I'd plan my next get-together there.
4	Lovely little spot. I ventured out for a solo dinner while friends were snoozing. While I am a vegetarian, I cheated with a few seafood items while in Vegas, and Sushi Roku was one. I went with a sashimi app ($26 for eight pieces) and a spicy tuna roll (with add ons). I agree that it was overpriced, but the service and location were stellar. I do wish they'd had a larger selection of specialty rolls.The fish was of seriously impressive quality - it was worth my one-time cheat. Back to vegetarianism, now and forever!
4	Ah... deliciously expensive. After watching the Beatles Love show, we swung by here thanks to yelp. It took me a while to decide what to order, everything sounded pretty good, but the dollar signs were going off in my head. I ended up ordering the hamachi with heirloom tomato and watermelon salad ($18). Delicious... came with some sort of pesto dressing and all ingredients worked well together. Then the A2 roll for $12, 6 pieces with albacore, onion, cucumber and jalapeno. Unfortunately, I couldn't taste the jalapeno, but it was a decent roll. Then finally the baked crab handroll for $9. I was expecting seaweed, but it came in some sort of soy wrapper instead and was more egg roll shaped. It was yummy though. Then $3 for hot tea on top of that. I can't say that I was full, but I was satisfied. Overall a good meal, just at a higher premium.
3	The food here was decent. Small portions with high prices. I would recommend eating something before hand.
5	WOW! Have you ever tried Popcorn Shrimp?? one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten!! EVER!!! The beef teriaki was succulent, rich, juicy,rare...sublime basically! Eat the sushi here and you'll never be able to get cheap rubbish sushi ever again!
4	Because I was here on someone else's dime, I enjoyed the food very much.  I had the pork ramen and the salmon carpaccio.  Living in Austin, ramen is like rain, very, very scarce.  Out of the ramen I've had across the US, this was solid.  Nothing to obsess over, but FAR from the worst I've had.  The salmon carpaccio had wonderful olive oil, mint, and light seasoning that I loveeeeeeee.$7 for a 12oz Sapporo?  Well, this is Vegas.  Find this place in the corner of the Forum shops on the highest level.
4	I can always expect good quality sashimi at sushi roku.and the black cod is really good too!
5	I can't go to Vegas without hitting up Sushi Roku...I love everything about it, from the service to the drinks (my favorite is the Tokyo Cooler, although the Pineapple Upside Down Cake martini is a close second) and the view and the food (hanabi, I dream about you!).  On my most recent visit, my husband and I went for happy hour on a Monday afternoon.  Happy hour is only available at the bar, but it is an amazing deal!  We had a spicy tuna roll and the rock shrimp and jalapeno roll.  Roku has the best spicy tuna of any sushi place I have ever visited.  We also had the popcorn shrimp - ask for a side of spicy mayo to make this even more delicious - and the miso eggplantt.  They even have dessert on their HH menu and how can you go wrong with a mini chocolate volcano cake?
1	Not recommending. Out of 7 menu items, we enjoyed only 2. Extremely disappointing.
1	I have lived here for nine years and this is by far the absolute worst sushi restaurant I have ever eaten at!  Hamachi was 'fishy' and had to be sent back.  GM offered to replace the returned dish with another one and ended up charging us for both.  After we received the bill he was nowhere to be found.  Everything else was just mediocre and way overpriced!  Chilean Sea Bass was cut wrong and very tough.  Very disappointing and will never go back nor will I ever recommend Sushi Roku to anyone!
5	This place made my wife have a orgasms in public. That's how good the sushi was. It's a must try to me & I'm not a sushi guy.
4	Ate here for lunch. Everything was delicious. Love the U-shaped booth seating. Super comfy..Our waiter was very friendly and put up with us changing our order a bunch of times. We randomly mentioned us celebrating our friend's birthday and to our surprise our waiter brought out a yummy banana flambe with a champagne glass filled with white sugar and a giant sparkler. Although we enjoyed our meal, service, etc. there are so many great sushi places in town to try, so it might be awhile before we come back.
3	Decent selection of good quality of fish for sushi or sashimi. AND their hakata ramen was very pleasant and appreciated surprise.  Good rich broth, firm noodles, green onions, and seaweed. The pork slices were about average.
2	The sushi was ok,but they have trouble cooking a steak properly.  First one was too wel done and second was too rare.  Service was ok.  Not sure I'd go back.  Mostly empty on a saturday night should have been a tip off.  The view is great!!!
5	Las Vegas has tons of high-end sushi restaurants battling it out to be known as the best (Nobu, anyone?). We try a new one each time we are in town (eventually we will be able to name our favorite... maybe). This trip we tried Sushi Roku in the Forum Shops.We are sushi lovers, but for some reason other dishes called out to us more at this restaurant.  We decided to try a few of the premium (read high quality ingredients and therefore expensive) appetizers.We started with Kobe beef tataki - a method involving a brief sear, slicing thinly, and marinating in vinegar or, in this case, garlic and ponzu. This was one of my husband's favorite dishes from the whole trip - he was very tempted to order a second round.Next we had a salmon carpaccio with truffle soy vinaigrette which was very tasty.Lastly we had panko crusted salmon with wasabi and tonkatsu sauces. This was one of my favorite dishes of the whole trip. The salmon was warm and flaky and moist on the inside with a crispy crust of panko on the outside. The wasabi cream and the tangy, savory tonkatsu sauce (typically served with breaded, fried pork) worked perfectly together. I could eat this every day and I would be very happy.We both love unfiltered sake, and Roku had a very good one that we had not seen anywhere else before.2 out of three dishes being overall trip favorites gives this place 5 stars!
4	I've now eaten twice at Sushi Roku in Vegas. First time was the one that earned four stars. I placed one order at a time trying a lot of different fish and had the best o-toro sushi I've ever. What was great was that the sushi chef recognized right away that I was basically creating my own omakase and so he tried out a couple things on me like searing one of the o-toro sushi pieces, brushing it with some sort of a sauce and placing a truffle on top for what was an amazing one bite food experience. Unlike at Okada a couple of days earlier, Mirugai was very different tasting it was very fresh and much better. All of the sushi was very good, best sushi I've had in Vegas. The one kitchen dish consisting scallops and foie gras wasn't good. Each scallop was huge and lightly seared on the outside raw on the inside but just didn't do it for me.  On my second trip to Sushi Roku I sat at the sushi bar once again, this time with a different chef. I didn't go all out like the last time but the sushi that I did eat this time was once again very good.
4	If there was a rating system for price, I'd give this place a 2 but being that every restaurant on the strip and in a hotel is expensive, I'll just level the playing field and ignore the price. In terms of the food and atmosphere, it was great! For an appetizer we ordered the edamame hummus which came with chips (although not enough and when we asked for just a few more chips, when we got the bill they charged us $3 for extra chips - not cool - you should tell us there is going to be a charge first). We also ordered the cod and the spider roll - both extremely good! I guess if we had gotten there just an hour earlier we could have gotten the same thing for half price - but oh well, good to know for next time!
3	Sparklers on your birthday?! Count me IN!FOOD: My friend ordered the scallops with foie gras..and then ordered two more for the table. NO JOKE. This dish is a MUST ORDER. The scallops were cooked to perfection. Me, not being a big fan of foie gras, even loved the combination. I ordered the hot soba, which was pretty good! Their rolls are a good serving size, so I would suggest ordering rolls or an entree and splitting the scallops. Did I mention that they're amazing???SERVICE: Our waitress was super nice. When the restaurant was a little less busy (we were seated at 5:30PM), the manager even came over and asked us how everything was. Superb service! We had mentioned that it was our friend's birthday that day, so they came out at the end with molten chocolate cake and THE MOST AWESOME SPARKLER EVER. Seriously, such good service.Why the three stars? Everything was pretty expensive, and there is much more for your money on the strip. If it were anywhere else, this place would definitely get a four!
5	I can't say it enough. I love Sushi Roku. We came back this past Friday for my girlfriend's 30th. Everyone LOVED it. The food was delicious. The service was prompt. The drinks were tasty (I couldn't resist ordering the Lychee Martini again). The ambiance was incredible. We were an hour early for our reservation and they still sat us with no issue!Pricing is very reasonable (for dining on the Strip) and the staff was super friendly.We had the Baked Crab Handroll (yummy), Albacore Tuna sushi (the fish melted in your mouth and the rice didn't fall apart), and the Rock Shrimp Tempura with Jalapeno roll. DIVINE. Everyone scarfed their meal down.I can't wait to go back again.
5	One of the Killers', and especially singer Brandon Flowers', favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. If you want to spot celebrities anywhere, this is the place. Oh right, and the sushi is insanely good too...From LV's Daily Fiaso blog: "Even family man Brandon Flowers has to eat. Thus we have him being spotted enjoying lunch at Sushi Roku inside the Forum Shops at Caesars today with family in tow. Reportedly, the singer is a frequent visitor of the acclaimed restaurant."http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
2	Meh, sushi is not that great and they raised their prices over the last few years.   I get that commodity prices have risen but $15 for a sub par spicy tuna roll?  No thanks.  Also, the servers are not very professional and don't seem to communicate.  We were asked to order drinks and dinner twice and we paid our bill then a different server dropped off our bill asking us to pay when we are ready.  Total bill was $100.  I would rather eat at a fine dining restaurant like Mastro's or Del Frisco's.  Twice the price but better service.
4	Sleek contempary room with good people viewing seats within the Forum shops rotunda.  Very good sushi, very good service, reasonable prices by Vegas standards.  Worth a visit if you are in a sushi mood.
5	We sat at the sushi bar and were well entertained by the master sushi chef's there.The Sushi and Sashimi was just so fresh expertly cut and well presented.I enjoyed it so much I just had to try the Toro which was exceptional.This is up there with Nobu and Morimoto as far as I am concerned.
5	Brought to you by the group that includes Katana and BOA, Sushi Roku is upscale chain restaurant found in the Forum Shops at Caesers. Best sushi in town (at this time). I always let my friend order for me here, so most of the time it's always too much food. Haru, my favorite Itamae, always makes consistent, beautiful dishes. Different items tried:Ika somen with gold flakesKimoMackerelHamachiTuna Sashimi CarpaccioSalmon Sashimi CarpaccioMonkfish LiverTakoTuna BellyBonito (one of my favorites)CaviarYellowtail with Foie Gras and Black Truffle (another favorite)Matsutake Mushrooms on the Bincho TanPolish this all of with a nice sake.
2	Unimpressed. Our dishes got progressively worse as the meal went on.The decor here is the highlight. Super-cool ambiance.Otherwise, the food was a very poor value, even by Vegas standards.I loved the Yellowtail Sashimi with diced Chilies. Very yummy!We had 2 Tempura rolls and both tasted like a camp fire. Not sure if the oil it was deep fryer in was burnt? But it was foul. Also, experience some severe fishy-ness in the couple of Tuna rolls we tried. I could find better fish at a run of the mill strip mall sushi restaurant. Too many great restaurants to bother with this one.
5	This place is amazing I was out here in Vegas in June for my 27th birthday. My aunt and uncle brought me here, considering my aunt is not a sushi eater, so my uncle had a sushi partner lol. Omg.....delicious. amazing. Even the saki was really good except I requested it be chilled. And it was on the sweeter more milder side. People the host there was as fabulous as they get. He was such a diva lol! Ok! Now back to the food. My aunt from what I recall ordered a filet that she loved and my uncle and I chowed down on all kinds of sushi. It was amazing. Wish I lived closer lol! Xoxo
4	This was our second Thanksgiving dinner here (weird, I know).  We came back because the food is good and the decor is nice for a dress-up family dinner.  I'm from Hawaii, so my standards for raw fish are high (which explains the lower rating for some of the sushi items). Spicy tuna roll w/ avocado: 3 (boring)Hottate (scallop sashimi): 4Ikura (salmon roe): 4Oysters: 4Tofu 3 Ways: 5 (served with truffles, caviar, and ginger with delicious sauces and red dipping salt)Miso eggplant: 5 (so good!)Shishito peppers: 5Tuna tartare: 4.5Service was a-ok, no problems.
2	MY FIRST REVIEW IN OVER A MONTH, sorry I've been away for so long Yelp!! Now onto the review.Cute place BUT looks can be deceiving, as we all know. AWESOME VIEWLocated on the second floor inside Caesars Palace, Sushi Roku looked promising because of the attractive decor and beautiful seating, the place practically looked like a lounge. Oh and I forgot to mention that the view is pretty awesome. Our reservations were made for 10pm on a Thursday night, which I kind of thought was weird because they close at 10 BUT hey whatever. KEEP ON ROLLING WITH THE DISAPPOINTMENTSWe ordered at least 10 rolls, might have even been 12. But each roll that came out was just as disappointing as the next!!! I'm not use to eating crappy sushi, can't expect too much from a Japanese restaurant on The Strip. The last roll that came out had my friends wanting to spit it out, they described the taste as rosemary soap (WE SENT THE DISH BACK BECAUSE IT WAS THAT BAD). Needless to say I did NOT try it because knowing me and my gag reflexes, I would have thrown up on the person sitting across from me after eating that. One star for the laid back ambiance and awesome view.
2	I gave an extra star, or a second star for the decor. Very nice place and view. Otherwise, the food is so bad and skimpy that one star is too much.I don't mind small and tasty portions, but these were embarrassingly skimpy and notg so good. Udon soup came with tempura on a side, as we requested. Tempura consisted of one shrimp split in quarters and you only get two skimpy quarters of that one shrimp. Nada mas. My sushi box should have had four slices of sashimi, but what they did, they took one piece of tuna and split it in four pieces. So the four slices are paper thin and see through! It also came with beef, which was overcooked and not good. I was still hungry and went ahead and ordered a sushi roll. It was decent size but not great tasting. They should be ashamed of serving such food for such price. But even if it was cheap, which it wasn't, they should be ashamed, you don't serve two quarters of a shrimp as your tempura.
4	YUM. I went recently and was very happy with not only the food, but the service. My water glass was never empty, and they often came by to check on us. The food: I had the Yellowtail Sashimi appetizer with diced chilies. For an appetizer, $17 is a bit high--the portions were a bit small, but this was so delicious. The chilies did not seem spicy to me /at all/ but the whole thing was really flavorful. I could have easily eaten a pound of this. I got a few sashimi pieces (maguro, hamachi), and the crunchy spicy tuna roll. Yes, I evidently love tuna. At any rate, these were all really delicious and I was totally happy with my selections. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated, and its location inside the forum shoppes is convenient. Would definitely eat here again!
4	Good food, very overpriced because of location and the view. Servers were knowledgeable but had an air of pretentiousness. I had the 6 piece chef choice, 2 pc bluefin, uni and spicy tuna rolls. All good, but much better AYCE places for $60 for two exist in the valley. But if you are in the Ceasar's shopping this is a good sushi spot. 4/5
4	Ok I went here once before just thought it was OK. But I just tried it again and was pleasantly surprised.  The only thing that wasn't stellar was our server, but she was OK, so we left her 15% all the same.  This place is on the third floor of Caesar's Forum shops next store to BOA.a) Foie Gras topped scallops $21 AWESOME, we ordered another round of these they were that goodb) yellowtail and jalapeno sashimi platter really good and lots of itc) lychee martinis --yum yumd) Great view of the Las Vegas strip :) e) regular sushi rolls very good as wellf) great musicg) nice ambianceh) availability to book online quickly makes me happy too!
5	One of the best sushi place I've been to in the USA! The sushi chefs are actually Japanese.  Our bill pre tax pre tip was $250, and the two of us only ate sushi, it's not an expensive place, that tells you how good the sushi is here, so we ate so much of them!
4	There's a sushi roku in L.A close to where I live but I never got a chance to try it out. Glad I did it in Vegas.Met a friend (then turned date I guess). We were thinking about what to eat for lunch. After a few minutes of discussion, we chose to have sushi. I wanted to have sushi, and my friend said said he loves sushi too. So we drove down the strip, not the fasted way to get somewhere but it gave us time to find a good restaurant. I was looking for recommendations on Yelp, the top choices are all open only for dinner, and then I found sushi roku. Great, I thought. And conveniently, we were right by the entrance of Ceasars Palace. It was a long walk from self-parking garage. Most of the casinos are extremely self-parking unfriendly. The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor of The Forum Shop. The closest entrance would be the main one on the strip, but we walked all the way through the casino. (I'm not a big fan of Ceasars Palace so touring around wasn't exciting to me.)The hostess took us in and let us chose our own table. We sat down at the very back of the restaurant by the windows. It was a nice view, you can see the happening strip. (But not anything close to the view you would get in your own room at some nice hotels like I've had.) Since they're open for lunch, we ordered some lunch items as well as some specialty rolls. We also tried sashimi. They had two kinds of meat there - Blue Fin is the more premium one, but we had both. Needless to say, blue fin tastes so much better. It is more tender. I love the feeling that it's like melting in your mouth as you're eating it. But my friend prefered the other, he thought there was more texture on it and he likes to chew a little bit. Blue fin is just too soft for him. The sushi we had was beyond ok, but not even close to the best I've had. Except for one. Unfortunately I forgot what it's called as I always order something I've never tried before. And usually I don't even know which is which when they present it. But the service there was really really good, our server explained to us thoroughly on every dish we had. (Still I can't remember the names..) I would give the sushi a 4 star.For dessert we had mochi since my friend had never had it before. It was $10 but there were only 3 mochi, each was cut in half. For the same money you could buy two packages of some better ones at an Asian supermarket. But the way they put everything together and decorated it justified the price. It looked amazingly beautiful and somehow romantic. If you're there with a date, go for the mochi. I guarantee it'll be a good choice. And what's better than a meal with a date that actually enjoyed the food? Discount! When we were about to get our check, I asked our waiter whom we had been chatting with throughout the whole time if we could get any discount had we been staying at the hotel.(I remember seeing coupons were given out upon checkin at casinos. They wanna tie you in.) Btw our server was very very attentive as the whole place was almost empty. If I didn't have to meet with my friend I would've probably been hangover too in the afternoon. But I'm I wasn't. It was nice spending time with my friend together. Before I could finish my question, he said:"you're already getting a discount." It turned out that since we had been chatting so much, he gave us a local discount(which you can find at many places in Vegas) considering my friend was moving there. Nice, so we had 20% off of our total bill. Couldn't be happier about that. It was MLK day and I had a wonderful African-American server.As we were leaving, my friend and I got confused whether we just had lunch or dinner. It was already dark outside and we probably sat in there for 2 and a half hours which we really didn't feel long at all. We concluded it as our early dinner, even though my friend said it could be he's breakfast since he hadn't eaten anything before that. And then we started getting closer and made out.. It was incredible feeling a cute guy who's also got a hot hot body.This is not just a review, it's also a journal I'm writing about our first meet because I know "you"(my cute date) could be reading what other people are saying about this place after you got home. If you did read this, consider it a secret way I'm telling you I really had a good time with you being my foodie companion. So looking forward to exploring more restaurants with you ;)
3	It was my first time here with my family for a new years eve dinner. I liked the interior design of the restaurant, we got a seat with a nice view where u can see the las vegas strip. The food was good but the amount of the food was small for what we had to pay for. The quality of the food and the display was very good though. We ordered a few rolls and the spicy pan stirred jumbo shrimp. I liked the shrimp plate it was very good. I dont think i would be back again for the price of the food. It would be a one time thing.
3	sushi was just ok, way over priced.  Service was slow for the amount of customers in this place.
2	We heard great things about Sushi Roku and decided to try it.  The space is great, beautiful strip view, but it ends there.  Service was less than spectacular, and the food was nothing special.  Rolls were very uninspired, sushi/sashimi was ok but nothing great.   I've had much better experiences at Blue Ribbon and Nobu.
3	Good place.
4	We went here New Year's Eve. Nice venue, on the third floor (?) Of the Forum Shops. We purposely made late reservations to stay in the restaurant to view the fireworks from the balcony. Full house, it took an hour to get our seats. We already had dinner so we didn't mind. We were asked if we would like an exclusive open bar option since we had to wait for so long. The majority of our party was nearly one shot wonders and passed on the kind offer. There was a live DJ. The restaurant had a good vibe to it. Despite the business, our server was very attentive.We ordered a few desserts: creme brulee, fruit plate, ice cream/sherbet and a few drinks. They were out of creme brulee so the server gave us 2 banana flambes on the house. My sister and her bf wanted to try them so it turned out great. All the desserts were to our liking and presented beautifully.Before midnight, the restaurant opened the balcony to show a direct view of the fireworks to be lit on the roof of Planet Hollywood. Champagne on the house was passed around for cheers. Countdown was amazing. We all had a wonderful time. We enjoyed the rest of the desserts and a few more drinks and left the restaurant around 1am. Nearly no traffic or any trouble getting out and escaping the strip.A nice venue to celebrate New Year's Eve with your loved ones and to avoid the crowds.
4	I've eaten here several times before & always loved what I got. I'm not a huge fan of the prices as it's NOT cheap (that's the only reason I took 1 star away from my review). But the quality is pretty good & the drinks are strong (just wish they were bigger!). I love the decor & ambience here.On my last visit here (mid-Jan 2012, on a Saturday), I went for a late lunch (around 2-3pm), got the Shima Roll with a side of Edamame. Ate these with a Grey Goose with a splash of Sprite. Very yummy, wish I had gotten another roll because it was very tasty.Server was so nice, very warm & friendly. Hostess was also super nice.Sort of funny story: I was seated on the end of 1 row of tables, on the booth part of the table. 2 guys were on the opposite end of my row. The guy sitting on the booth part kept shaking his leg or something, which caused the row to shake a bit ... along with me attempting to eat my sushi!
3	Cute place. The interior is very upscale, and intimate. It's a nice place to have a nice romantic dinner with the love. I would suggest to request the strip view when dinning in because the strip view is just lovely. The menu is ok. I personally prefer authentic Japanese cuisine at a local area (Spring Mountain!), but there are a few things here that I like. Their signature martinis are good! I would definitely recommend the Lychee martini. You get a big piece of Lychee as a garnish, and you can taste the Lychee flavor of the martini. So if you are all for a nice sweet taste to your martini I'd definitely recommend it.Our group ordered the Seared Tuna Tataki, Seaweed Salad, Yellowtail Sashimi, Crunchy Spicy Tuna, Rock Shrimp Tempura, and Chicken Yakitori Skewers. To me, it was nothing special or anything that stands out to where I feel like this place might be the only place to satisfy a distinct craving. The food is very light, fish is fresh, and the portions are small. I haven't tried the Omakase yet, but I would like to actually try it once to see if it is worth spending $90 for. The Omakase might be the only thing worth gambling on. All in all the experience was nice and the service was wonderful. If you don't mind burning a big hole in your pocket for a nice fine dining experience, and a small stomach and appetite then I would recommend it.
4	We went for lunch and had a really good time.  The tempura was so fresh as was the eel and avocado roll and the spicy tuna roll.  The beer was so fresh and the atmosphere was perfect for lunch. The seating is super cozy and it made us want to stay all day and eat sushi and drink beer! :)
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! The Katana roll is amazing! It is a little pricey but considering what my husband and I paid at Tao- it's not bad. The atmosphere is wonderful, very romantic and unlike Tao- we didn't have to yell to hear each other or feel like we were in a high school cafeteria. WE WILL BE BACK!
2	For a place that I have expected to be trendy with amazing food, this place falls flat.  The cocktails were mediocre, and food was mediocre.  The only thing that was sort of OK was the atmosphere.  We were first there for drinks, but later decided to have dinner.  The bartender that day didn't seem too happy and had a straight face the whole time.  He didn't try to make any kind of conversation and just made drinks and took our order.  Ok, I don't mind it too much because as long as he made great drinks and didn't mess up our orders I didn't mind.  The drinks as I said, were mediocre.  We had a couple rolls and it was still mediocre, which was very disappointing.  I had hanabi with spicy tuna which I thought the flavors just didn't mesh well at all.  The tuna itself was amazing, but with the fried cube of sushi rice dipped in sweet soy sauce... it just doesn't fit.  The seaweed salad was a little bit on the salty side, and that it was nothing more special than the ones I can get from a Japanese market.  I also had Shima roll, which was shrimp wrapped with spicy tuna, avocado, and cilantro.  It was not bad, but not good either. Just bland I guess.  Not impressed. Overall I thought with the price I paid I could have better sushi elsewhere.  If I wanted mediocre sushi I didn't have to come all the way to Vegas.
5	Delicious food with a great little view of the strip.A co worker and I came here while journeying on a business trip. We were hungry and this menu looked good. The place was fairly empty and peaceful on Wednesday at about 1:30 pm. The view is small, but you see the Imperial Palace and a bit of the strip. The interior is beautiful and incredibly comfortable, I really loved it.Our waiter was kind and courteous and service was great. Our warm sake was delicious and my mixed tempura donburi bowl had delicious shrimp and impeccably cooked rice in it. I was filled and happy by the time I left and I wish I could go back daily and that it was closer to me!
3	This place was good, but didn't meet our expectations.  The sushi rolls were just OK.  Service was fine.  View is good if you can get a window table.  My favorite was the kobi meatball lettuce cups.  Unfortunately, I'd have to say I would not go again.
4	Ok, when i heard this was the dinner venue for our guys night in LV, I was quite disappointed.  I guess anywhere you can get a reservation for 12 on 2 hours notice for friday is unlikely to be the hottest place in town.  Not only am I not a huge sushi fan (I know, kind of a dumb comment for a review of a sushi restaurant), but its in Caesar's Palace.  We were staying over at Wynn, so we had to get across town and make our way past all the people with oxygen tanks hanging out at Caesar's (yes, I think clientele at Caesar's tends to be old and stuffy).  Place had no ambience, but that could be attributable to the crowd (NCAA tourney weekend, so lots of sausagefest tables).  However, food was AWESOME (bold statement for a guy impartial to Sushi). We had 4-5 kinds of tuna, and all were fantastic.  I ordered the filet mignon as well, which was almost steak house quality (yes, i shared it).  And by doing big beers and sake rather than wine, tab only came to $100 per person, which is half what I would expect to pay for dinner in Vegas.
5	I come here every time I go to Vegas, normally more then once in my trip. The sushi is amazing along with the staff.
5	One of the Best Sushi places in Vegas!  We went here for a friend's birthday and have returned twice because we can not stop thinking about it.  We ordered so much food, I tried almost everything on the menu and there was was nothing on the menu I didn't like.  The service was second to none and the food was an experience I will never forget.  The flavors and presentation are awesome.  If you have never been, go and if you have gone and weren't impressed go back and give it another try. . . this spot ROCKS!
3	Update: minus one star. The lunch special changed and you now need to pay $3 extra for miso soup. They also forgot to put in my sisters order.  They don't have the dessert that I used to order.  Fried green tea ice cream is no longer on the menu.
5	Best happy hour in Las Vegas! Wow!  Great service, food and atmosphere. Lisa the bartender was awesome!!! She made some great happy hour suggestions and you can tell the manager (Gary) cares about the dining experience of all the guests.  All locals are treated very well... Let them know.Happy Hour is Monday - Thursday 4-7 and Friday - Sunday 4-6... The Lava cake is the best!
1	The food was mediocre, overpriced, but unfortunately not the worst thing about sushi roku. Our waiter trailed the cuffs of his sleeves through my food each time he set a plate on the table, and disappeared after the initial service until we flagged him down to get our bill.  When he finally came back we were told their card readers had failed and they would need to manually run card payment. Whatever they did caused the meal to be charged to my card twice. I called for assistance with the matter and the manager's response was essentially, "it will be taken care of in a few days, this is the price you pay for the privilege of dining with us."  If you want mediocre sushi on the strip there are lots of other places to try, save yourself the headache and don't go to sushi roku.
2	I would expect so much more from a fancy sushi place in Vegas.  The food was very mediocre, and the drinks were okay.  I would not suggest this place to friends.  If anything, go there for the view of the strip.. although you could go to many other places and get the same.  This is a pass for me.
4	Stopped in here on a Tuesday night after hoofing it through the Forum shops for a while. Super friendly hostess met us at the door and walked us past the sushi bar where all the chefs hollered out a welcome.Loved the decor--dark, rich, invitingly modern and warm without being dreary. Never having been here before, what did we do? A little of everything. Edamame beans as well as edamame hummus served with wonton crisps. Husband had salad with a delightful peanut-based dressing; I had crab miso soup that was good, but not worth the money. Better off just ordering standard miso soup.Then came the rolls. A spicy tuna with a serious kick, and very good flavors. But my favorite? The Takana roll, which was draped with the most perfect, buttery yellowtail I have ever had in my life. It melted with each bite, and was the highlight of the meal...so much so that when we finally launched into our baked lobster roll, I did the unthinkable--I sent it back. It was positively bland and flavorless compared to the Takana roll, and was a real let-down following that amazing yellowtail. The manager, Gary Min, came over and removed it without batting an eye, and was incredibly gracious and accommodating from beginning to end. Our waitress, Tina, was also delightful, and very helpful and present without being overbearing.Overall, a really good meal. We'll be back for sure!
3	Located in the Forum Shops, Sushi Roku was your standard quality sushi, but pricier.  The view is nice (you can see Las Vegas Blvd from the windows), but their sushi was nothing special.  The yellowtail with chillies was probably my favorite dish, but the nigiri and rolls did not do much for me.(+) location, view, waitstaff(-) value
4	I came here after shopping in the forum shops and have to say the day I dined in all the fish were very fresh. It's a bit pricey, but the atmosphere is nice and if you're craving sushi after shopping this is a great place to go!
4	I'm pretty happy with what he had here. We considered going to Shibuya, since I knew it to be good, but since we're in the Venetian and it's in MGM Grand, that's a serious hike. So we headed down to Ceasar's for this spot, and were well rewarded.Service is very friendly - we walked right in and sat at the bar. We ended up ordering a decent selection of nigiri, as well as a spicy tuna, spicy shrimp, and white lotus roll. I also had my standard seaweed salad, which was excellent, although tasted a little like there was a fruit dressing, which I could have done without. Maneki in Seattle still has my all time favorite sunomono.Rolls were very good, especially the white lotus roll, which, if I'm remembering right, was crispy shrimp, avocado, and asparagus inside, with yellow tail on the outside, fresh hot peppers, and some various sauces. Awesome. I'm really starting to like the fresh peppers in sushi, which I'm seeing in more and more spots. Also worth mentioning, the hamachi I had here is maybe the best I've had. Super tender, super flavorful, just awesome.Price was excellent too - they left an item off our bill by accident and when we reminded them, they just waved it off. Even with that on the bill, for two people including a couple drinks, the total came to under $100. No, not cheap, but it's sushi...in Las Vegas...and we ate ourselves full. Definitely a would return.
3	This is another 2 star 4 star averaging out to 3 star type place.  The 2 star stuff.... Don't get me wrong, the food was awesome.  But I walked out feeling like an idiot for paying what I did for what I got.  Eighteen bucks for spicy tuna with shrimp, cilantro, and avocado?  Ouch.  It did have 10 pieces, but they were the size of one of those budget happy hour California rolls you get for 3 or 4 bucks at a normal sushi place.  The baked lobster roll only had 6 pieces, barely fit for an appetizer (and the asparagus spear inside was about half of the volume of the interior of the roll). The 4 star stuff.... The view of the strip was pretty sweet, although it was predominated by the Caesar's Palace TV thing.  The decor was nice, very dark and trendy/classy.  The service was great, they were very attentive and even brought out some cheesecake for my friend's birthday.  The fish was very fresh (impressive, being in the middle of the dessert) and everything tasted very good.  Simple, elegant flavors with a lot of attention to presentation.  The sake selection was extensive and had a decently priced and very good house sake and a 3-sake tasting flight with big pours.  The funny thing is, I'd come back.  It's hard to find good sushi and even though I felt pretty dang close to being ripped off, this was good sushi.  I'll probably try some other places nearby first.  Oh, and this would be a fantastic date place.
5	Came here for happy hour and nosh on a Thursday night and had a great time!We ordered appetizers off the happy hour menu but skipped the happy hour drinks because it looked boring.  Instead, we ordered a bottle of sake and Hendricks cocktails (gin, lime juice, simple syrup, cucumber).  These are the appetizers that we loved and would order again:  shishito peppers, green beans, spicy tuna rolls, shrimp & jalapeno rolls.  The fillet with asparagus, albacore rolls, popcorn/tempura shrimp were just okay and not worth reordering.My hands down favorite were the shishito peppers!Service was impeccable!  I can't remember our server but we were there awhile and had 2 different servers and both were excellent!
5	We like to consider ourselves foodies. In our quest to merge a healthier lifestyle and our love of great food, we have been on a quest! Healthy, amazing, fresh and creative foods. This has lead us to many a sushi house. Avoiding the white rice ridden rolls, it has driven us away from the AYCE and towards the more expensive end of the spectrum, and of course the costlier (really a word?) strip. Being that we used to do a high price steakhouse about once a month and gone rolling out feeling nearly comatose from gorging ourselves, we have accepted this. Having said all that.... My other half and I have deemed that thus far Sushi Roku has the top slot for us. Food was amazing, waitstaff was; attentive, patient and above all VERY knowledgeable about their menu. Other places in town act as though they are doing you a favor waiting on you... The staff here explained how things were prepared, what types of oils were used, sauces, etc. We could adjust to fit our healthier lifestyle, but honestly once we were clear on what we wanted the waitstaff took care of everything! We did the Chef's tasting menu and what others are talking about on here I have no idea. This is not a Costco (bulk buying) type of sushi place. If that is what you are looking for this is not the place for you. Take time, ask questions. Sake flight was also fun. Loved that they served it with the information card. The hardest part of these things is remembering what you are drinking after they leave and trying to remember. It was served with an info card that aligned with the glasses so you could read about them while you drank, and the waitress paired each with a specific course. Sorry Tao, Social House, Little Buda, Nobu we have a new home. View also is amazing!! Gorgeous atmosphere. Hats off to the entire staff you should be very proud of your operation.
5	I had some sushi. I had some sake. I had something with black truffle. Oh yeah, I had some seaweed salad too. Let me tell you, everything was delicious. That's all.
3	The rolls are small and not worth it! Go for the seabass appitizer instead
5	I LOVED this place.  Probably the best place I ate at all weekend. lets see what we ate:-Crunchy Spicy Tuna: had avocado, spicy tuna, spicy mayo sauce and a crunchy topping it was AMAZING! i loved it-Baked Lobster Roll: baked lobster, rice paper roll, asparagus, miso sauce.  it was all wrapped up and then baked and the miso sauce is nice and toasted and warm it was soo delicious-spicy scallop roll: i had the cut roll not the hand roll. honestly it was just okkay. nothing super spectacular-shrimp fried rice: pretty yummy just your basic fried rice we all shared it and it was good-miso soup: perfect not too salty but just rightI mean lets be honestly everything in Vegas is expensive so I don't think the prices were outraged compared to everywhere else. I think for the price it is way better then anywhere else that we went.  If u are a sushi lover like I am then i think you will enjoy this place and bonus ITS AIR CONDITIONED inside the mall so its nice!
5	I consider myself a sushi connoisseur and all around foodie.  This place was everything we hoped for and then some.  The vibe is ultra hip Vegas, inside of Caesars on the third floor of the Forum Shops.We get there for our 9:30p reservations and promptly sat at a wonderful table with a view.  We wanted for nothing and the service was magnificant.  We had the Sparkling Blueberry Sake, amazing.  At $12 a shot we were a bit skeptical but it's so worth it.We then ordered about 5 rolls in total but the two that stand out are, The Crab Dynamite, our FAVORITE and the baked lobster roll was a close second, just delectable.  There is nothing that I would have changed about this restaurant or experience and really glad it was recommended to us.
5	Dined here for my boyfriends birthday on vacation in Vegas. I chose this restaurant based on the price vs. reviews and we were NOT disappointed! Both of us eat sushi regularly, and tend to be a bit picky, but Sushi Roku delivered. After finally locating the restaurant (we got lost in the HUGE Ceasars hotel), we were greeted by the super cute and friendly door girls. I was pleased that we had a table with a great view of the strip. Our server was helpful in recommending drinks, and we both started off with an order of Miso Soup and Vegetable Tempura. The soup was the perfect amount and so flavorful, the Tempura hot, fresh, and delicious. For sushi, we decided on the Yellowtail, Salmon, Crunchy Spicy Tuna, and Tuna. Everything was spectacular! The yellowtail was fresh and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. I wasn't a HUGE fan of the Crunchy Tuna, only because I don't really like 'hot' rolls, but it was still yummy and hit the spot. For dessert we had the Creme Brulee Trio, which topped off the meal perfectly. I would definitely return, the service was great and for the price (especially in Vegas), you cant go wrong!
3	really great seaweed salad. not too salty like i've had in the past. mama liked her sashimi with eel sauce.they had kirin on tap. very sophisticated looking spot. we only did bar service. bartender was helpful even when we had to return an item. didn't see too much spit on it. nice location in the "mall".
5	Ok, ok, I'll give you 5 stars Sushi Roku.  I'm not a sushi fan at all but I was invited to attend a private birthday dinner here with one of my closest friends, how could I say no?All aspects of the evening were planned in advance and I'm quite impressed with the level of professionalism each memeber of the staff here at Sushi Roku possessed. On point from start to finish!I experienced some new eats on this night including sashimi (sp?)!  Much to my surprise the sashimi (tuna and yellowtale) was one of my favorite items tasted this evening. Still not a fan of actual sushi rolls, we're still making progress people.Should the taste buds have a calling for sushi (or sashimi), Sush Roku would be at the top of the list.
3	Service was great!!! Food was good.  Now I understand the difference between normal mackarel and japanese mackarel.  Japanese one is better.Portion sizes were very very very small.  We ordered the Omakase, and left hungry.  Had to stop at I *Heart* Burgers at the Palazzo shops to fill up.  So, go for a snack, not a meal.
4	I'm not sure I can unbiasedly review Sushi Roku because we went there straight after a big win at the tables, so we were really excited and a little tipsy. :)The truffle roll was unique and delicious...it was my favorite one.  We also got the tempura crab roll (good, not amazing) and something with unagi and avocado (may have been a dragon roll?).  We only had a few rolls and then were pretty hungry later that night, so next time we'd order more.  But we were in a hurry to catch our flight later and couldn't spend a lot of time.The service was great..I don't remember our server's name, but she was great.  We also chatted with the sushi chef as he was making his creations.It was pretty expensive, especially because we didn't fill up on the food.  I think for what seemed like 3-4 rolls plus 2 sakes it was like $85!  Kind of crazy.  But it was good quality and good service...so I thought it was worth it this time.  Or maybe I was just feeling rich. ;)We would go back just to see what else they have on the menu and to spend a little longer relaxing with our meals.It's so hard to decide where to go in Vegas because there are SO many options - but I'd say this is a nice spot for a date and a pretty good experience overall.
4	I went to the sushi bar. The sashimi was fresh and the sushi bar chef was nice but not too helpful-- "everything is fresh." The sake list is pretty short. Overall 4 stars especially for the Japanese scallops!  The toro was buttery but expensive. I would eat here again. The service for a slow Monday night was great.
4	I came by on my last visit when I heard about their happy hour in the bar area. I have to admit it was pretty amazing. Everything came out fast and was warm and full of flavor.  Also, a good thing to know is if you are a local you get 20% off your check when you have dinner.
5	Excellent sushi here. All chef at the bar are Japanese too.  They have traditional Sushi and also creative menus upon request.  I recommend you to sit at counter. Very nice chefs can explain you about where the fish comes from, etc.  The atmosphere at other tables are more like upscale bar lounge and totally different feeling from the counter.  It is pricy but it worth to try in this town.
3	Much better than some other outlets in this chain. The trick here is to order appetizers, such as the tuna sashimi with crispy garlic chips, or yellowtail and spicy tuna on crispy rice, not conventional sushi and rolls, which are just so-so.
4	Fresh, fresh, fresh seafood!!!!!!!! My hubby and I are huge raw food eaters and every time we come to LV we always go to Roku! Service sometimes could be better, especially during the day when there are not too many people are dining but overall delish food is what we love! Sashimi is a must to try when you go there and I would skip the soy sauce all together to taste the true flavors! They have a great choice of saki too - skip the usual warm cheap stuff and go for exotic cold real deal saki.
4	Great sushi, Great cocktails, Good Service
3	2012 Fall Restaurant Week Lunch #1. I'm going to try pump these reviews out fast. Just in case people had a hard time choosing where to go... like me!My friend and I wanted to find a sushi place who offered a lunch course for Restaurant Week. We both never dined at Sushi Roku previously. It's located on the Strip side, 3rd floor of the Forum Shops. For Restaurant Week, they're offering a 3-course lunch for $30.12. We ordered each option. I've posted pictures of all our food.For lunch:1st Course:Choice of: Spicy Tuna Hanabi (crispy rice cake) OR Seaweed Salad (cucumber sunomono, plum vinaigrette)2nd Course:Choice of: Sushi (tuna, yellowtail, salmon, albacore, whitefish, spicy tuna roll, miso soup) OR Grilled Petite Filet (homemade teriyaki sauce, steamed rice or mashed potatoes, miso soup)3rd Course:Choice of: Mini Chocolate Cake OR Fresh Fruit & Sorbet The appetizers were nothing spectacular, not even spicy. The sushi fish and miso soup did taste fresh. They didn't ask us how we wanted our filet cooked, it came to us medium-well. My friend didn't mind it, but I'm more of a medium-rare steak lover. Not only was I confused that a sushi place was serving mashed potatoes, they were pretty dry and ordinary. Spicy tuna roll was pretty standard. The chocolate cake was good, a bit too rich and dense for me. The tastiest thing was the mango sorbet. I'm not a big sorbet person, but this one was truly delicious. It wasn't mango-flavored. You could actually feel the strands of real mango in the sorbet. Best I've ever had. The presentation was great. The service was on point, from the hostess, bussers, our server, and the sushi chefs who greeted us hello and farewell.I had a good time, it was one of those lunches where nothing went wrong, yet your tummy wasn't doing the happy dance when you left. The service and presentation, (and of course the sorbet!) made this 3-stars for me. I wonder if I would've had a better experience if I had come to order off the regular menu. Other than it being an opportunity to donate to charity, if Restaurant Week is a chance for establishments to show what they can offer, Sushi Roku didn't impress me that much...
5	Sushi Roku is an excellent sushi restaurant, my favorite in LV, and one of my favorites in the USA.  You can fall into the trap that I always fall into- which is ordering a ton of the most expensive sushi- but you can also take a more reasonable path and eat lunch specials, omakase plates, etc, and you will save your wallet.  The quality has always been consistently excellent.  They generally have excellent, juicy / fatty toro, and the nigiri slices are generously cut and well executed.  Although I seldom eat rolls, they have a creative selection.  **LV residents should note that they give a 20% off locals discount- huge score!I will always return to Sushi Roku when in LV- absolutely love it!  Highly recommended for all levels of 'sushi expertise', and the non-sushi menu (which I don't venture into) is extensive enough to satisfy non-sushi eaters as well.  Enjoy!
5	My favorite sushi place in Vegas. We went to several sushi places in Vegas while we were there and this one was easily the best. The rolls were great and we went during their happy hour so they were also well priced. The food is fresh, the service is great and the location (view of the strip) was phenomenal.
3	Sushi was good but not as good as Sushi Samba in Venetian mall which was cheaper.  We only ordered basic rolls: eel avocado was best tasting,  shrimp tempura was somewhat disappointing.  Big plus for waiter though, he was very friendly and patient even after it was apparent we were only order a few basic rolls and water.
3	If you are coming for the view you will be very happy, if you are coming for the sushi you will be mostly happy.  My husband and I snuck away for a dinner from our group and based on reviews ended up here.  We started with mixed vegetable tempura and kobe beef potstickers....wonderful choices for appetizers. The Katana roll was delish and we were very happy with our choice here.  After all that we decided to do one more roll...we shouldn't have.  The Crunchy Spicy Tuna disapointed. It was warm which we were warned about but it was just bad and not crunchy. Overall good experience but was hoping for amazing sushi which was not here.
2	This place is expensive and the portions are soooo small. The view is nice and decor is beautiful but that's about it. We spent $150 (including tip) for three people and left feeling hungry. Would not recommend this place.
4	Stumbled on this place while on a shopping excursion at The Forum Shoppes.  The timing couldn't have been better since we arrived during the afternoon happy hour.  Nothing we ordered from the happy hour menu was over $6, including- Stella Artois- Blue Moon- Spicy Tuna Roll- Rock Shrimp w/ Ja Roll- Shrimp Tempura Roll- Whitefish Tempura Roll- Eggplant Tempura Roll- Albacore Tuna Roll- Filet Wrapped Asparagus- Crispy Chicken- Chocolate Volcano CakeThe sushi was fresh and the tempura was crispy.  The true testament to this place is that my wife, who does NOT each sushi, actually enjoyed most of the sushi!  We both thought the Eggplant Tempura Roll was inventive and as good as any of the traditional rolls.  You'd be wise to skip the Crispy Chicken completely as it was tasteless and dry.  The Chocolate Volcano Cake was...amazing and I could drink the vanilla bean sauce that came with it with a straw!Keep in mind, this is basically a happy hour review, so there are probably much cooler and fancier offerings on Sushi Roku's full menu.Lastly, a shout out to James our great bar tender!
4	Went here with a friend last week to see what its all about. Was good sushi but was limited in the spicy department. I was a little disappointed that they didnt have some spicier options. Overall was good and I loved the bartender. She was a realy great host and made sure we got all the specials. I will go again!
5	Sushi roku is one of my favorite sushi restaurant in the US. If you are in Vegas you must try this place inside the Forum shops at Caesars Palace. The sushi chefs are Masters creating some of the most creative and delicious dishes you will ever eat. The fish is super fresh and they have some really great specialty rolls. The crunchy tuna roll was excellent as was the salmon egg sushi and get this octopus suction cups filled with sake. Sashimi was great especially the scallops....very fresh.  Go figure being in the desert.
4	My wife and I just had dinner at Sushi Roku, and we really enjoyed it. The service was terrific, especially our server, Deborah. The ingredients were fresh, the warm dishes were straight from the kitchen, and the portions were adequate. Highlights included the Lobster Tempura with a Miso Glaze and the Kobe Beef Pot Stickers. The sushi was terrific, too. We had plenty to eat, and two cocktails each, for about $150, plus tip.would dine here again, for sure.
5	I never tried sushi until visiting here about a year ago.  I'm hooked now.This place has a few areas to sit.  There's the sushi bar if you want to simply experiment and order as you please.  There's a more cozy seating area near the entrance.  There's also a large area near some huge windows with a great view.The staff has always been patient and willing to help a sushi-noobie figure out what to order.  I enjoyed sitting at the bar a couple times (I visit Vegas often) and the chefs are almost like bartenders.  They have personality and will talk with seated customers.  I've tried a number of different dishes (don't ask me to name them).  Before I took the plunge, I had steak and it was well prepared.  I haven't tried anything exotic like eel or squid and kept mainly to the safer meats like tuna and shrimp.  The food has been great.This restaurant is usually near the top of my list to visit when I simply want to stick with what I know instead of exploring other restaurants.
5	Great service!  Super clean and neat. Fast service! Delicious bar. The bartender was amazing. I got tipsy off one cocktail lol I'm not even a lightweight. Went here for my 21st bday and wedding reception. So amazing. Wonderful service. Wonderful people. Beautifully designed Asian fusion theme and soft music. Very relaxing time.  I will definitely be coming back another night. Excellent food! Everything was fresh and delicious. I expected to pay At least 1000. Bill was half that, plus tip. Got a hookup on champagne for my wedding :) So great! I guess the only thing people should know is portions are very tiny. Good for me cuz im teeny but not the hubby lolFor men you might end up hitting up a burger joint after but for the ladies it's perfect! I would definitely go again and again!
5	The ambiance (dim lighting and Japanese modern furniture) and view of the strip really drew me in on my first visit here.  The sushi was good.  I really enjoyed the spicy tuna hand roll, California roll, & the Shima roll.  Everything we had was fresh and delicious.I highly recommend calling ahead and booking a reservation.  Also, plan to spend at least $75 for a dinner for 2, and that is without drinks.
4	I adore Sushi Roku and try to make it there for dinner every time I go to Vegas.  Every time I've gone the service, food and ambiance have all been wonderful.On my most recent excursion my friend and I selected the Sake Sampler to start as well as a slightly seared albacore sashimi appetizer that was delicious. After pursuing the menu we ordered a few more delicious bites including the Spicy Tuna Hanabi (my personal favorite), filet-wrapped asparagus and tuna belly sashimi. All were rich and wonderful. We may have had a few other items, but those are the ones that really stood out.It was a little pricey for the two of us, but with the sampler, a few beers and all that food it was soooo worth it.
2	Been here twice now.  The first time, we had the kumamoto oysters and they were the smallest oysters I have ever seen.  I've had kumamotos elsewhere before and these were just very small. Had it again this weekend and same thing, very small oysters.  And they don't taste very fresh.
3	It is a very nice place to go and have a great ambiance, but I don't think the cost defines the food. The sushi and sashime are very fresh and good, but nothing you can't find for cheaper and with equal quality. Service was very friendly and professional with great recommendations.
1	For the price they set on, the foods are joking, sushi price is so dry, it's not sticky.  The hamachi sushi is at the low quality side.  The Fusion sushi are worth to try, but not the authentic ones.
4	On our last visit to LV, we had lunch at Sushi Roku based on a friend's recommendation and I'm glad we did. Everything was absolutely delicious. Each dish was prepared with thought  and was full of flavor. It was quite an expensive meal for the amount of food but it was definitely worth it. Quality over quantity.
4	I'm surprised that this isn't one of the highest-rated sushi places in Vegas because as an Asian foodie who often overspends on sushi, I was utterly amazed by the quality of sushi and culinary creativity at Sushi Roku. We had the sushi sampler for $65 and when it came, I saw some unusual combinations and thought to myself, "Oh no, this had better not be some kind of Americanized sushi like Californian rolls..." Well, it wasn't. The truffle addition truly worked, bravo. We also like the bartender and the friendly atmosphere. The only thing that I didn't like was the noodles; after all, this place is where you go for sushi, not ramen.
5	Hands down some of the best sushi I've ever had. Not just in Vegas, but all over the world. Everything is so fresh and the dishes are unique and delicate. Well worth the price when you want the best sushi experience.
5	Try the talons roll GREAT! Good service with a manager that cares.
4	My experience with this place was quite mixed, but overall I had to give them 4 stars. Here's why:At first the experience was NOT good:-We were seated next to a huge party that was so loud I couldn't even hear my friends. The place was full so we weren't able to switch tables and it really ruined the whole dining experience because we couldn't even talk to each other!-Food took foooorever to come out and, when it did, some of it was missing and some of it was wrong. The tempura veggies weren't even cooked!But they did a LOT to try to make it better:-They comped our veggies and brought us complimentary tempura shrimp and shots for the table-The manager came over and personally apologized for the loudness and the mishaps we'd had with our foodAnd overall, the service was great considering how busy the place was. The food did take a long time to come out, but we weren't in a rush so it was fine.In terms of quality food - the tempura shrimp were amazing! The specialty sushi rolls were great, but the regular rolls were nothing special (literally nothing to them - could make them at home yourself). I'd say don't waste money on the "regular" rolls - get the specialty ones! They're pricier, but you get more (8 pieces instead of 5 or 6) and with many more flavor combinations, sauces, etc.So overall I'd say to give the place a chance. It has good food, good service, and good drinks.
4	Very good sushi. GREAT view. Good service... all of the recommendations my waiter made were great.favorite dish was the tuna w/ cilantro and shrimp roll. delicious.
5	I've had a handful of sushi places in Vegas. Perhaps from all of the bad experiences my expectations were low...but bar none, this is the best I've had (in Vegas). The sushi was very good, wait staff was friendly.
2	Wow - this may go down as my least favorite meal in Las Vegas, ever.  While the decor is a very chic contemporary japanese and quite pleasing, there are huge windows all around that turn this place into a sauna - even in January, when the outside temp is 60, it was borderline unpleasant while dining - can't imagine how it feels when the sun is really on.  Onto the food: I ordered 3 things from the menu - I sent 2 of them back - when I received my last 2 plates the fish inside was cooked, and this wasn't the description on the menu.  The only reason I didn't send all 3 back was because the first item I got, Hamachi sashimi - was "ok" taste wise, and since it was the first dish - I was hoping things would get better from there.  Yes - when I goto a sushi place, I expect raw fish.  Anyhow - the server didn't blink when I told him of my displeasure with the dishes, and the check was settled without any obvious display of annoyance.  I will say that this was a far cry from my experiences at Sushi Roku in LA, which were delicious.
4	Happy UPDATE!!So I'm happy to report, I've been back two times since this first review.I must have been there on a bum night the first time, but overall, I like this place. The Miso Soup is delish, the Tofu-yaki (tofu teppan yaki) was REEEEDICK!!  I get happy thinking about it. And the edamame has pieces of salted-crack sprinkled on them, I don't know what makes theirs soo flippin' good.But it's pricey and we left a tad hungry.The ambiance is quite pleasant and modern, the service both times was great!!  I'll go back and I'm happy to RE-review. Local Discount 20% off
5	We are regulars whenever we visit Las Vegas. The service here is excellent, and the food quality is second to none ! The Manager, Johnny, is very accommodating, and makes sure everything is perfect. The yellowtail with diced chillies is one of our favorites, all seafood is the freshest you can get. The hot appetizers are consistently excellent as well. Tempura is great, too. The atmosphere is very friendly and upbeat. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone that is looking for a great japanese meal, with a great view of the strip. Don't miss out on this rare treat !!
4	Inside the world famous Forum Shops, Caesars Palace.....wonderful. The service was incredibly wonderful. The ambiance and the location are amazing with a superb view of the strip. The decor is beautiful and very romantic.   Only draw back for me is that they are a bit pricey, however locals do receive 20% off.
5	Had a business meal here and all i can say is WOW. Loved it. Great service and very good food. If you like Sushi then this is a must.Visited July 201
5	i made reservations for vday here they took my CC down to hold the reservation. then afterwards i realized they were a chain so i was hesitant to go through with it but seeing as how they were gonna charge me $25/pp i kept the booking. and IT WAS WORTH IT! the service was good but the meal was better!! had AMAZING yellowtail sashimi appetizer with scallion and ponzu sauce, then we did a Katana roll and added cream cheese to it (i know, how fraudulent) and then my bf and i shared the RibEye cooked to the most perfect medium i've ever had. everything was delicious! i admit a bit pricey but it was vegas and valentine's day so we let it go. a great view of the strip and really nice place. the only thing was the seat cushions we sat on had little room to spare between us and the table so if youre a bigger person or have big thighs then..id steer clear of those booths.
4	Service and ambiance are top notch. Sit at the sushi bar if possible for a great time interacting with the chefs. Sushi was fresh and prompt. The sushi chefs steered us to the freshest selections.As others have said it's a little on the pricy side but hey, it's Vegas!.
5	I normally would give this type of restaurant 4 stars, but because of the fact that it's in Vegas and it was a Valentine's dinner, I will go all out and give it 5 stars! I had Sushi Roku as one of my bookmarks, and as I was sitting around waiting for my boyfriend, I realized that we didn't have reservations anywhere on Valentine's night. We had a show that night at the Caesars hotel, so I figured this would be perfect! I called and they took us in no problem. She did ask for my credit card to hold my reservation, but the machine was broken at the time. I wonder if they charge you if you don't show up..?Anyway, it took us awhile to find this restaurant and I am pretty sure we went around and found every place you can eat at before we got to Sushi Roku. So for any future diners, the best thing to do just go through the Forum shops since it's located there, rather than the actual hotel. The atmosphere and decor is absolutely beautiful, from the lighting fixtures to the bathroom doors. We were sat at a table that had the view of the entire strip on one side and the other side looked out to Harrah's.. sooo cool! This is worth a visit just for the view alone!The service was great but the food was even better... For the appetizer we got the Tuna Sashimi Carpaccio - I have never had anything like it before. It was delicious and so fresh that the tuna pieces just melt in your mouth. For our entrees, we split a few rolls:-Makoto Roll - It's a spicy Yellow tail & Shrimp wrapped with seared tuna in a creamy spicy sauce. It's probably one of the best rolls I've ever tried in my life.-Rainbow roll, Crunchy Spicy Tuna, and one more that I don't remember. Every roll was unbelievably fresh and done to perfection. For dessert, we both had cappuccino's and split a dessert - Raspberry bread pudding with Carmel... OH MY! This was definitely the best meal of the trip and a perfect place for a date!
3	Had a business dinner here and it was really good! I had shushito peppers, which were tasty and flavorful. Then the amberjack sushi (2 pieces) and an eel roll. That was enough food for me and I typically get 3-4 rolls at other sushi places. I really enjoyed this.
5	Sushi Roku will always have a special place in the heart of my wallet. I was in vegas for a bachelor party. Initially my group of 16 was going to eat at Texas de Brazil, but after a couple days of buffets and steaks the guys in my group couldn't handle it anymore. We made last minute reservations at Sushi Roku for a party of 16 on a saturday.I arrived a bit later but when I did some of the guys were getting hooked up big time at the bar with shots and drinks which was real cool. We were seated after taking some shots and just started ordering an assortment of sushi rolls and king crab fried rice. The king crab fried rice was simple yet so pleasing. It really hit the spot and filled us up quickly. Sushi rolls were all pretty decent. Of course we all partaked in sake bombs. The service was off the charts. The waitresses were so accommodating and polite. Upon getting our check they said we could take $400 dollars off. This was absolutely mind blowing. Apparently one of the guys of our party was chopping it up with the General manager unknowingly and complimented the dude on his $1600 dollar armani suit. BAM instant savings son. We all suspect he performed sexual favors to get us the discount. You do what you got to do when you are a team player I guess. I kid I kid.Anyway the meal was decent, the service was ridiculously good, the restaurant decor was swanky and chill, and the bill for us, vegas standard wise, was an all time winner.General Manager Johnny. Compliment the guy on his suit *cough*. The dude is an all time legendary great.
5	Great view of the strip from up here!  hidden on the top floor of caesar's palace, i didnt know this existed since there's no signage outside. was taken here by a VIP and treated like a rockstar! shook hands with the GM and staff, who were all very friendly. ate plenty of delish food and left stuffed.
4	This sushi place was okay. Expensive like everything else on the strip. I had the Crush cocktail which was actually very delicious. Good food that just costs a little too much
4	A great place to make you feel like you're NOT in Vegas, and what a view from the dining room!  Although dinner can get expensive, it's worth it every once in a while; what's even better is the Happy Hour at the bar- delicious rolls and small appetizers for cheap; it's calm and the bartenders and waitstaff are friendly but not too talky, which is great.  Went there almost every day for two weeks straight on a business trip- totally worth it.
5	Waaaaaahhhh, this review is a long time coming as I've been here 5x within the last year.Whether it be during happy hour (which is the best sushi happy hour you can get in Vegas) to restaurant week (best choices of prie fix menu); and best of all their anniversary week (50% off food menu); EVERYTHING was melt-in-your-mouth amazing.I'll just name off my favorites: - foie gras and scallops- yellowtail sashimi- shishito peppers- tofu steak- grilled filet- tuna tataki- oysters with gold flakes- waygu sashimi-oysters with gold flakes-fois gras wrapped in yellowtailFoie and ANYTHING is just B.O.M.B.One of the many reasons Sushi Roku is uhhh-maaaaze =)
5	Excellent. Staff, food, service, quality, freshness delish. Excellent prices.
5	Had been there once before and thought the food and service was great. Tried a second time and was not disappointed. Again food and service excellent. Only complaint is menu a little short on seafood selections.
5	My husband and I were celebrating our 5th wedding anniversary and in search of the best sushi in Vegas. But where? But HERE, recommended by everyone we asked.Over my ginger mojito and baked lobster roll I gazed adoringly at him, the sparkly strip beyond him, and I realized I could not have asked for more succulent morsels, more perfect service, or a more romantic experience. We hope to return to Roku on our 10th, 15th, 20th and so on. Because truly great sushi makes for long, happy lives together. Well, probably not. But it should.
4	Service was wonderful and the food matched. Really High quality fish and they made our anniversary special! The kobe meatball was also fabulous as the one thing we tried beyond sushi. We would definitely go back. The bread pudding was a nice balance with sushi too!
5	As a 16yr local of Las Vegas, Sushi Roku is hands down my favorite Sushi Restaurant in Vegas!  Been here several times and this last time we were a party of 7 in to celebrate a friend's birthday and from start to finish the service was excellent & attentive. Great view of the strip from where our table was located. The food & drinks though are what keep me coming back. The menu changes so even for us regulars there's always something new to be tied. I had the edamame hummus (only because I love both edamame & hummus & was curious about it) & crispy rice asparagus appetizers.  Next was the Kurobuta Pork "Kakuni" (braised pork belly) & my main was the Filet Mignon with Ginger Teriyaki sauce.  The hummus was great though they should serve it with a few more wonton chips than they do as those ran out long before the hummus did.  They did however bring out a few more chips when asked.  The crispy rice asparagus was  prepared and served as you would expect, and while it was good, it wasn't as memorable as other dishes the table ordered. The Kakuni on the other hand was my favorite dish of the night (and that's also including all the dishes of my dining companions that I also tried). All you pork belly fans, this is one of the best preparations I've ever had of this fatty delectable treat. The Filet was served sliced alongside mashed potatoes & garlic green beans...the Filet was perfectly cooked and seasoned perfectly! A phenomenal dinner was had by all! Also if you like cocktails that are sweet, definitely get the cookies & cream & pineapple upside down cake cocktails...phenomenal!  Already looking forward to my next return visit to Sushi Roku!
5	my second time at sushi roku and all of us loved it! ask for a table by the window so you can enjoy the view of the strip. the tuna tataki and black truffle hand rolls were a taste explosion in my mouth. we kept ordering more of those! to celebrate our anniversaries we ordered the tropical cheesecake which was tasty too, and enough for the four of us. I love sushi roku and definitely recommend it for a tasty meal, without breaking the bank. go for sushi happy hour (4-6 or 3/5??) to really get a good deal!!
5	I come here every time I'm in Las Vegas and have done so for years. There is one close to me in Los Angeles, but I truly believe the Vegas location is the best of them all.  Yes, it is expensive, but the fish is flown in daily and it is consistently the best tasting fish available.  Do yourself a favor and order the Shima Roll with spicy tuna, shrimp, cilantro and sriracha.  It is fantastic. Other Must-Try menu items are the garlic green beans, tuna carpaccio with garlic chips, the baked miso black cod, yellowtail sashimi with diced chilis, anything from their sushi/sashimi menu and their specials are always great. Whenever foie gras is on the specials menu, my partner always orders it because he can't get it in California and he always enjoys what he orders.  When you make your reservation, request a table by the window for a spectacular view of the strip. This makes an already romantic setting even more special.
5	Second time I was there to entertain business guests. Excellent service and great view of the strip. Tasty food, though a bit pricey. Of course, that's expected in Vegas nowadays.
4	What a great date place!  Lighting was beautiful, service was good and the food was awesome!  Will go back.
5	My favorite sushi place hands down. The tuna role is great along with the crab roll as well. Beautiful view of the strip if u sit by the window. Excellent staff.
4	I ordered unfiltered sake, seaweed salad, toro, albacore tuna, japanese snapper, yellowtail, salmon. Huge pieces of sashimi. I should've ordered the specialty rolls but I stuck with simple stuff. I wasn't that impressed BUT the service  was phenomenal. The waiters soooo attentive. They even packed my leftover sushi on top of ice and gave a to go cup for my left over sake. They were knowledgeable and let me taste two different sakes. I sat at the sushi bar and the chefs were friendly. The main dining area looks over the strip. It's also on the top floor of where the stores are.
4	This was a fantastic meal in an excellent setting.  There was a group of 6 of us eating, so we had several dishes.  The service was excellent, as we never had to wait long for new items once the food started rolling in.  Although we had primarily sushi, the star of the dish for me was the wagyu beef.  For $60, you get 6 strips of melt in your mouth steak that you cook at your table on a hot rock.  Just a dip in a soy sauce based sauce, a few seconds on the hot pot, and you are set.  The mouth feel was "melt in your mouth," the fat breaking down and the steak seemed to melt as you chewed it.  The flavor was off the charts, all agreed.  It was a great way to get a couple of bites of such an excellent piece of beef and not totally break the bank.As I stated, we had many dishes, the standouts were the yellowtail sashimi, the crab dynamite, and a tempura shrimp roll that was a special, but I can't recall its name.  This one had a lot of spice to it, and the tempura was fantastic.  Not greasy in the slightest.  The makato roll was such a favorite we ordered another.  We tried the baked lobster roll which for me was decent, but not nearly as good as the other items we ordered.The wife had the sauteed spicy shrimp.  They make this dish out to be spicier than it really is.  It has a nice sauce on top that has a little sweetness.  The real star of this dish was the housemade potato chips.  They went very well with the creamy sauce.Very solid drink menu with a lot of Asian beers, which is typically my preferred drink at sushi places.  The view, as many have noted, is great of the strip.  But, if you don't want to watch cars or random people walking, you can certainly sit in areas of the restaurant that don't have the view.Will definitely return, and highly recommended.
5	Sushi Roku is hands down my favorite sushi restaurants from all around the country. I have been to multiple sushi places in Vegas and all over the east coast. As a super sushi lover, it is extremely rare that I am impressed with the quality of sushi the way I was with Sushi Roku. Growing up my parents owned their own sushi restaurant and I am confident when I say.. I know my fish. I don't know or understand how they manage to always have the freshest quality of fish despite the fact that LV is in the middle of a desert but I hope they keep it up.. forever. Servers are helpful, kind, and knowledgeable of the menu. If you don't know where to start, ask them for their thoughts and they'd definitely help you. I highly recommend the Shima Roll but to be really honest, it seems that you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The price range tends to be on the higher end but hey, you're in vegas--the city of excess/riches and you're in a desert yet you are being served fresh fish.. what did you expect? And as I've said, the quality and taste is as good as it gets. If you are a sushi lover, I recommend that you give this place a go!
3	The flavors were great in the rolls we ordered, and it was very clear the quality of the fish was high and fresh.  However I wish especially in the specialty rolls that there was a better balance and variety in texture. When a roll is specially designed like that it is always nice for me to have an element of crispness or crunch that was not present in the majority of the sushi we ordered.  We had two of the gin specialty drinks in the menu and they were extremely refreshing!  Lovely, aromatic mixtures though the cucumber garnish was not in great condition.  Ambiance was nice -- competition with Tao it would seem.     Our server as well was sweet though it seemed he was a but overwhelmed... It took him a while to get our last roll to us, and he double checked with us on the order at least 5 mins after he should have already punched it in.  Overall,  I might not dine here again because it was extremely expensive, and I'd rather explore other Vegas options.
4	It's so damn expensive.  but the food is legit.
5	What a great place for sushi!!! Love the ambiance and the sushi, perfect! Our server Debra was wonderful! We told her we were open to her suggestions, just asked that she keep in mind my sesame allergy...she was spot on with everything, such great recommendations, everything was delicious! We enjoyed the Yellowtail Sashimi with Diced Chililes, Edamame (great flavor whatever they do), Katana Roll, White Lotus Roll (a bit of a kick, so good) and for dessert Uni. Everything was so tasty I would have it all again right now!!! We also enjoyed a carafe of the Sawanoi cold sake which was perfect for us! We highly recommend this place & Debra! Next time we're in Vegas we'll be back for sure!!!
4	I was recommended to try Sushi Roku located in the Forum Shops and I'm glad I did.  The restaurant itself is nicely decorated.  I liked the decor that's on the restrooms doors.(See photo) Service: From the time I walked in to leaving the restaurant I felt like I was special. I was warmly greeted by a young lady in which I mentioned that I would be dining alone and would like a view of the strip.  DONE! She sat me right along the windows that overlooked the south side of the strip.  Hugo, my server, was very helpful in recommending a sushi of my liking. He kept coming around to make sure that I liked my dish and we got to chit chat a little about the food.   (I don't eat raw fish often but in this case I figure I'd try it and see if it was fresh)I'm glad I did. My sushi was topped with Tuna that was yummy and fresh. I also informed him that I don't like too much jalapeno's  so he made sure it was on the side rather than wrapped in my sushi.  The miso soup was tasty and very flavorful and I washed it down with a Blue Moon.  ( I know I should've had a Sapporo instead) My experience here was amazing that whenever I'm in Vegas I will definitely return.
4	7/25: Located in Forum Shops at Caesars Palace casino. I looked up a site that lists sushi restaurants with Happy Hour available. This place was one of them and had a good rating as well, so I decided to give it a try. The food was pretty good, and most of the service was great. It was pretty quiet a little before 6PM on a Thursday, and I walked up to the front without a reservation. My friendly hostess promptly and politely sat me down in the bar dining area, although I requested to sit at the bar. Not sure if she misunderstood me or not. (FYI: it was pretty hot in that area; I'm not sure if the A/C was on...the bar was just right). A Happy Hour menu requested, which wasn't available in that area, so one of the waitstaff courteously moved my beverages to the bar. My bartender/waitress Lauren was awesome! She works pretty fast; there was an instance or two when I felt rushed, but that's better than slow service. She was very friendly and social, and we introduced each other as well. The rest of the staff was meh. Food was served in a reasonable amount of time, and the presentation was pretty cool. TIP: I was told that locals get 20% off regular menu prices! (double check on that before you go)-Kobe Meatballs ($6)-Fried Calamari ($4) -Spicy Yellowtail Roll ($5 cut)-A2 Fusion Roll (albacore, onion, avocado & jalapeno...$5) -Eel & Avocado Roll ($5)...I'm a fan of unagi and this was fresh and delicious! -Mini Tropical Fruit Cheesecake ($3)...one of the best, if not the best, desserts I've ever had! They don't give you a huge slice, which can be a good thing. It's pretty sweet and rich, tastes like coconut with oreo crust. SO good! -Iced Tea was "only" $3.50 as well (I think it's usually $4+ on the Strip). Lauren even offered a full cup to go, which I accepted of course.All of the food was great, although I wasn't expecting a couple of items to come in such small proportions (meatballs and calamari). Happy Hour might actually be more profitable in terms of cost/profit margin and bringing in customers; not just here, but at most places. Overall a pretty good experience. I have no doubt that I would be satisfied with the quality of the other appetizers. I'd come back again for "Red Sun" Happy Hour!
4	Do not under any circumstances try and get to this place by going through Caesers....you will go hungry :-(   We made that mistake and 40 minutes later, on foot, we finally found it.     At this point, it was worth it because we were frustrated, needed a drink and were super hungry after the unexpected workout.   That being said, they must get that often because they held our reservation or they just weren't that busy.   I'm guessing it's the latter.  In it's hey day, it was probably the talk of the town and it's still a nice restaurant with just a touch of over ambiance but they do offer gorgeous views of the strip.    The food was great  and priced really well if you need a sushi fix.   Our waitress was super nice and on top of the service.   We let her know that we were short on time and had to make a show.   She was attentive but not pushy and made sure we got our food timely.   Ask for recommendations on food because there are a number of special rolls that are available and not on the menu.   The Lotus roll in particular was very good.There is seating by the windows and booths along the wall.   Ask for the booth because it is more comfortable and also a raised section, that's where the best view of the strip can be found.
3	Short Story:Vegas has some good sushi?!  I'm surprised...Long Story:I came here for lunch on Thursday, and it was not crowded.  We were promptly seated and we ordered the Karaage appetizer, the Teriyaki salmon, and the beef Teriyaki.  All the dishes were good and they came with sashimi.  I got to say, the sashimi was good, though I didn't have high expectations as this was Vegas...and not hear the coast.  It did take a bit of time to get our food, but it was forgivable.  Verdict:I would go back if and when I go back to Vegas.  Though I'm sure there are other good places to go too.
5	Delicious sushi and cocktails. A bit pricy but worth it. Bartender and manager were very nice and made me feel welcomed and special. Come for happy hour for cheeper sushi rolls and drinks. Happy hour starts earlier on the weekends   They have happy hour everyday of the week. They are always happy to also customize a sushi roll to your taste or make you something not listed on the menu. Will be back again soon for sure. Make sure you try the pineapple brown sugar cocktail...so delicious!Enter the forum shops across the street from Harrah's, that way you are not walking miles through the mall looking for the place.
5	I came back to Sushi Roku 3 times in 2 weeks.  The staff, food, and ambiance were wonderful!
4	Love this place and if you get great seating, you have the view to the whole strip. The food here is great! I've asked for certain rolls that I have eaten at their SoCal location, and they were happy to make for me. Servers are attentive and the sushi chefs are all entertaining and friendly. Quality is always above and beyond, no complaints!
5	Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! By far one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  Never disappoints and the Prime Rib Eye Steak is a real delight.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  Try the infused Saki!   The server was very knowledgeable and an asset to the restaurant.
5	Amazing place!  Staff was great, sushi was fresh and atmosphere was upbeat and had a great view of the strip.  Pricy, but worth the experience.
5	hands down the best sushi I have ever had in my life! Took my mother in law here for her birthday and she loved it!  Everytime I go to vegas I always make sure to stop by and enjoy the food.  It's a little on the pricy side i admitt but worth every penny of it!
1	Im rarely disappointed.. But this placed sucks! Took forever for my food to arrive even though its about 25% full. And the rolls are tiny!! Im leaving and im still hungry! :(
3	Ok, but not that great.  Very nice atmosphere, but sushi was just ok.  I really wanted Shibuya at MGM, but for some reason they were closed all week.
4	My friend and I had time to kill before she had to go in to work. We stopped by Sushi Roku since it was close to our work. On Fridays, their happy hour ends earlier than the rest of the week. Monday through Thursday, it goes until 7pm. On Friday, it ends at 6pm.Since we missed the happy hour by a few minutes, we still decided to grab a bite at the bar. The mushroom tempura is, by far, the best item on the menu. Light batter, fried crispy, and tossed in truffle aioli makes for the perfect snack. The miso black cod is also very delicious. The fish flakes into beautiful slivers. The octopus carpaccio is not as tender as I would hope. It pales in comparison to the first two dishes.Now I need to sneak away at a decent time to attend their happy hour.
5	My husband and I really enjoyed the generous happy hour here. Out favorites were the spicy yellow tail, the filet mignon wrapped asparagus and the albacore sashimi with garlic aioli. The bar staff was fun and friendly. We will return!
4	Sushi Roku is inside Caesar's Palace on the third floor of the Forum Shops. The inside is a mix of modern and Asian design. It looks sleek and posh. The food is a little pricey, but it is understandable since it's on the Strip. The view from the dining area is really nice. I ordered the spicy tuna roll because I am a huge fan of spicy tuna. It did not disappoint. The tuna was very fresh and it was obviously much better quality than other sushi places. This is a good place to go for dinner before a night out. Nice and classy.
5	In las Vegas as well as other big restaurant/entertainment towns, good food is expected but in Las Vegas it sometimes does not fully compare to Chicago and NY.However, the one place I finally went to was Samba Sushi and what a great surprise.  I tend to avoid sushi in several places when traveling unless in Hawaii and some parts of CA and Japan.  Sushi Samba had some of the best dishes I have had and the quality was great.  They have a variety of menu items with small plates and full entrees.  They do some traditional sushi but mostly more interesting variations as well as the S American dishes.  Some of the items were:Rock fishWagyu GyozaRock shrimp tempuraGreen bean tempuraPork bellyMoqueca Mista. Seafood coconut milk and rice with green onionYamato sushi roll(maguro, Fois gras, Osetra caviar)Uni shushi outstanding Great sake listAll the fish and shellfish were fresh and well prepared.It gets busy so we ate at the bar and the service was excellent there.  Luna and Maria can help with picking some great dishes at the bar.It is on the higher price side but worth it compared to a lot of other places where the food doesn't always live up to the expectations in Vegas.  Looking forward to next trip back there.
5	Organized a dinner for 13 of us here. The private room, the attentive service from Miko and the amazing food selection, made for a great night. The atmosphere and view sent the night over the top. The robata skewers of sea bass and Kobe beef were enjoyed by all. The roasted peppers and tempura shrimp were a hit as well. The sliced tuna was amazing and converted two more to sushi.
4	Having been a frequent visitor to the establishments in LA when I was living down there, I have always had a soft spot for Sushi Roku.  Having been to Sushi Roku a few times in Vegas, this is my first time actually reviewing it!  My fiance and I had dinner here on a Friday night while in town, and Sushi Roku definitely did not disappoint. After getting seated at a table with a beautiful view of the strip, we decided to go with the following:Drinks:Me: Pear BlossomHim: Salary ManShare: Recommended sake from our waiter-Tuna Carpaccio: I've said this a number of times (including in my review of Sushi Roku in Santa Monica), this is and has been one of THE best things I've had...ever.  The sesame soy dressing and garlic chips that comes with this makes it absolutely amazing.  As I've said before, if licking the plate was socially acceptable, I would do it, especially for this.  An absolute must-have item.-Chicken Karaage: Delicious, hot, and crispy, this dish definitely did not disappoint. The delicious wasabi cream that came with this was definitely helpful for this.-Chutoro sashimi: It's been a really long time since both of us have had quality pieces of fish, and this certainly was worth every bite.  The fish quality was so great, we decided to follow on with another few pieces of Otoro later on.  Definitely nailed both of these sashimi dishes, but the Chutoro was definitely the winner.-A^2 Fusion Roll: One of the night's specialty rolls with albacore, avocado, and cucumber, I think?  Either way, it wasn't great, and was one of the more disappointing dishes we had that night.  Didn't stop me from eating all of it, but Greg didn't want any part of it.-Gyoza: Delicious dumplings stuffed with Kobe beef! So amazing! I don't think I've ever had anything like this.  After the tuna carpaccio, this was Greg's second favorite dish.-Raspberry Bread Pudding: AMAZEBALLS. The dish came with chocolate ice cream on top, and a cream, caramel, and raspberry sauce at the bottom.  With my cappuccino, this was absolutely amazing.  It was definitely a fantastic way to end our meal.Sushi Roku was definitely everything I remembered and more!  We definitely had a great experience here, and will be coming back for that Tuna Carpaccio!
5	I absolutely ADORED Sushi Roku while living in LA for 10 years and am so happy to have them here in Vegas, too!  Had an awesome experience Friday night - great ambience and incredible food.  We had a great view of the Strip from our window table. Our server was very good and we had lots of attention from Johnny, the GM - he took extra care of us and made sure our experience was superb.  The sushi and cocktails are top notch - we tried the black truffle hand roll which was very flavorful and unique.   I recommend the shishito appetizer (Japanese peppers) - excellent preparation.  We also had seaweed salad, makoto roll and a roll from the specials - everything was super fresh and incredible.  We indulged in lychee martinis and even splurged on dessert.  And after an incredible meal, you get to walk it off afterwards by shopping in the Caesar's Forum - a perfect end. I love to take visiting company here, it's a great Vegas experience.  I will be back soon!!
4	We came on a Sunday night, and I think that was the perfect night to go. Originally, I had made reservations on opentable but had to cancel due to changing plans. I ended up going anyway, and we were seated right away. However, the waitress told us that the night before was insane and completely packed. She was really friendly :)We ordered:2 Eastern Mules (I think that's what it was called... deeelicious)Kobe Gyoza (yum!)Deep fried sea bass (om nom nom)filet mignon (i cannot attest to this plate but I can say that my spouse licked the plate clean)Drinks were on point, gyoza yummy, and fish soooooooo good!!Rolls sounded pretty yummy too.. I was happy with my choice to come here!
4	Went here for a birthday. The food was good and the service was good, I would go definitely go bavk again (especially since I found out they have a happy hour)
1	Horrible. How this place has 4 stars is beyond me. A total waste of a dinner. I would never go back and I know good sushi be it masa, sushi of gari or sugarfish. Do yourself a favor and AVOID
3	Upon entering, we were not sure we'd made a good choice, walking further into the restaurant out reservations settled...the setting is swanky, urban elegant...dim lighting, pretty decor, knowledgeable staff and good food made this a nice experience. We've had better sushi but overall it was a nice experience .
5	Went here for lunch - great sushi (especially the Shima roll and the Tako roll) and nice view of the Las Vegas strip. The owner, Johnny Seo, made a point of coming round, talking with people, and really connecting. Rare you find someone as passionate and caring about his restaurant and guests. Definitely coming back!
3	We didn't have reservations and got seated at the restaurant front facing the Forum. Not really an ideal place since there was someone sitting just outside smoking a cigar from the neighboring restaurant. We ordered the following:Tuna CarpaccioChicken KaraageShima RollMakoto RollEverything tasted good except not really worth the price. All four items above totaled $75 plus tip. You are paying a premium for atmosphere. Make sure to reserve and request a table with a view of the strip if you decide to try it out.
5	We've got great sushi in the Bay Area and I was skeptical add there's not an ocean for hundreds of miles from Sushi Roku. But my cousin from North Cackalaki wanted sushi so wet went. It was UN. BE. The waitress recommended a few house specials which were unique and creative. Then we got some standard rolls and they blew my mind. My only complaint is that eating at Sushi Roku in Vegas has ruined sushi in the Bay Area for me.
5	Not much to say. It's sushi in Vegas and it is damn good. Pricey but that is to be expected. Definitely added to my list of places to eat when I'm in Vegas.
4	Consistent, fresh quality fish.. I like that they don't drown their sushi in sauces .. Very clean and all about the fish ... On the downside it's extremely pricey.. dinner was $150 for me and my hubby.
3	We came here for my birthday dinner last year. Restaurant had good decor but a bit too dark for me.They DIDNT read on our reservation that it was my BIRTHDAY dinner so did not get anything for the occasion.The food was good and the service was okay too. Was a good experience overall but wouldn't come again for that price.
4	Great service and the food was very tasty, although the fish wasn't as fresh as I expected. You must try the octopus sashimi. Very pricey but it is worth it because of their unique and tasty dishes.
3	The service was great. The atmosphere was great. The price was a bit high. The real problem was in the blandness of the food. Maybe I am a bit spoiled out here on the coast but everything was bland. Maybe they aim the flavor at a mid-west palate? Spicy'less tuna?
5	First of all I'm not a sushi person but I went with a group for my friends birthday. The food is DELICIOUS. We got the filet wrapped asparagus (must have) and chicken fried rice. I got the vegetable tempura (pretty damn good) while everyone else at the table had sushi.The view of the strip is pretty amazing. Our server was very nice and didn't mind waiting for the rest of our party to show up.Gluten free menu too! They have a lot of options.Overall I highly recommend! It's just expensive for a poor college student like me haha
5	After the disappointment of Joes Stone Crab (see my review), we left and went upstairs to Sushi Roku. Great service and great specials adding to a great menu. Not too extensive, but a fine selection. Thank you Joes. We'll come to Sushi Roku now.
4	I've hit the Happy Hour here each of the three past years. Consistently good (great?) HH menu and great prices. My favorites were the hand rolled jalapeno shrimp & the sashimi. Best dessert value in town just might be their $3 chocolate lava cake with ice cream. Save room for 1 or 2 of their house specialty drinks. The Crush & Ginger Lychee Mojito were both great.
3	Totally killed my feet while treking through the Forum Shops at Caesars to get to this place, but hey I had to look flyyyy and wear my oh so unomfortable heels =\Anyhoo, on yelp it says this place is located though Caesars Palace, and maybe that is the easiest way to get there, but damn it is far!  And in heels the walk seems so much further.My SO and I came here for our anniversary dinner.  We were seated by the window, and had an amazing view of the strip.  We ordered:  Starters-Chinese Green Beans with Garlic  - super delish.  I could eat these all day.-Tuna Sashimi Carpaccio - reallly fresh, and tasty.Mains-Baked Lobster Roll - this roll was so dissapointing.  The lobster was chewy, had an unusual taste to it.  I couldnt stomach more than 1 bite. -Spicy Tuna Roll - so delish!  It was fresh, and melt in your mouth good.-Panko Double Shrimp Roll - My favorite!  So good!I've been to the Sushi Roku in Arizona, and that location was so superb...I was hoping this location would be just as good, but turned out to be just okay.
5	I hate shopping because it makes me hungry. So, after a half a day of shopping at Forum Shops, we went to Sushi Roku. They have big tables and couches so you're not cramped/ feeling claustrophobic.Since we weren't terribly hungry, we only ordered a few rolls/nigiri ($7-22 or market price): black truffle tempura handroll, salmon, albacore uni and tuna. We also ordered from the specials menu ($6-90). With a glass of Riesling in hand, we got...Yellowtail-wrapped Foie Gras with Truffle Soy:My eyes automatically scope out "foie gras" and "truffle" and send a signal to my taste buds that I'm about to have something amazing in my mouth. So amazing that my hands did not get a signal to take pictures. You'll just have to try it to know how beautiful this is. 5/5Robata Style Japanese Wagyu Beef with Hawaiian Pink Salt:You get a nice presentation of your skewer on its own robata grill and a spoon with pink rock salt. The wagyu is tender and fatty - feels nice on the tongue. The pink salt accentuates the flavor of the wagyu. 5/5Scallop and Foie Gras Togarashi with Black Pepper and White Truffle Oil:It's like a re-run of the first dish I had except this time, I got distracted by the black pepper taste. The scallops were perfectly cooked. 4/5Blue Fin Tuna Sushi:The fish was at the right temperature. The texture of the rice was just right. The fish to rice ratio was perfect. 5/5Black Truffle Tempura Handroll:This is wrapped in a thin soy paper. There's avocado inside. The truffle flavor is in the sauce. 4/5The service was excellent. Our server was attentive.
4	I'm sure there are other great sushi spots in Vegas, but, if it ain't broke...The most recent trip to Sushi Roku is 4-star worthy, just like all the others. Wonderful sake and lots of different sushi selections. I still stand behind the spicy tuna hanabi and filet-wrapped asparagus. I'll also add the seaweed salad to the list of winners at Sushi Roku.Service was super friendly as always, and the nigiri and sashimi was very tasty and fresh.
4	Great sushi in Vegas..not a prime location, but if you go for happy hour (until 7 M-TH), the prices are super reasonable. I recommend the tuna tataki app, fried mushroom app, filet wrapped asparagus and spicy tuna roll. Note, you have to sit at the bar to get happy hour prices. Def give this place a try!
3	As a sushi lover, I had high expectation for sushi roku, but after my dinner experience here I really think this restaurant is totally overrated. We had blue fin o toro and makuro, the fish was pretty fresh, however not surprisingly good. Despite the size of sushi being too small, the major problem this restaurant had was that the sushi rice was not good. The portion of rice and sticky rice was off, so the sushi rice was not tiny sour-ish nor sticky enough. The decoration of the restaurant was really nice but I don't think I will visit again.
5	Awesome venue.  Music and mood is really fun.  Nice dark lighting, but still bright enough.  The food is good, but be prepared to get multiple courses.  The portions were a little small but expected in a great ambience like this.
2	The restaurant itself is very beautiful and the service is excellent but the food leaves a lot to the imagination. My wife and I go to a great sushi restaurant every Wednesday in the city of Alameda CA and I ordered the same thing that I always order and am used to paying about $37.50. What I got at Roku was about 1/2 the quanity and about !/2 the quality. The Nigri pieces were cut very thin and the Chirashi pieces were also cut very thin and the quanity was very sparce. We received a bill without the tip for $97.40. What a rip off to say the least. I wasn't expecting it. I guess this restaurant is only for turists who probably never ate sushi or will never go back. I sure would not go back or recommend this place to anyone.
5	Food is good. Not bad for Las Vegas Resort Restaurant. You won't be disappointed. The music is not so good. The service was okay. The decor is okay. The food was the best
3	Oh dear god can someone get me another black truffle tempura handroll STAT. That's all you need to get from here. $10 or so and you'll have this beautifully crunchy and nutty mouthful of sushi. The black truffle is in the dipping sauce they serve the roll with so don't be an idiot and go dipping in your regular soy sauce! I would only come back to Sushi Roku to order this handroll. Yes you do get a nice, undisturbed view of the strip (towards the Bellagio and Paris) but you'll definitely pay an arm and a leg for very small portions of sushi. Delicious, yes. Filling? Not so much. The lobster roll we got has a special sauce drizzled all over the plate that tastes a lot like Todai's creamy sauce baked over their lobster halves and boy was it fingerlicking good. But it was $21+ for 5 (kind of small) pieces of sushi (see my picture if you don't believe me). You are definitely paying for the view and atmosphere here. So go ahead, bring a date here if you want to splurge. But if you want a full stomach without breaking the bank, Sushi Roku ain't the place for you!P.S. I'm all for ambiance and I understand that this is a sushi restaurant so the saying "quality over quantity" is taken very literally, but if a place is going to charge that much for their food, I expect service to be top notch as well and for me the service was just so-so. Hence, the 3 stars.
5	The sushi is sublime. You will not be dissappointed. Very expensive but worth it I think.
5	Thank you!!! The restaurant promised a front row table to NYE fireworks and delivered.food and drinks were great. Fun times!!!
2	Quite disappointed with this place on NYE. The portions were soooo tiny, MY GOSH for $145, I'd expected more. The girl on the phone said 7 course, when we got there it's only 6 course. Not only that but seriously, everything is tiny! I been to Japan and even their portions were bigger. The sushi did not seem fresh at all. The color was quite dull. The tofu lobster thing was alright, and the dessert-- I definitely had better.The worst part was the fact they kept forgetting about our order and wanted to rush us to finish. The couple next to us was even asked by the Manager to leave and move to the bar if they wanted to stay. I didn't even get my champagne toast because it took them so long, so I left. The view and the seating was disappointing, despite the fact I have already requested a good window seating.The cocktail was good, ginger lychee mojito, but gah...I'm quite disappointed and would not come back. Maybe if I was coming back for the Anago since it's the only place I've seen so far that serves it. I should of ordered off the regular menu, but the girl mentioned the pre fixe was better..yea..right..
5	Alright I am not lying when I say Sushi Roku has the and I will say it again the best filet mignon I have ever tasted!!!!....!!!!! (medium rare). I could take it apart with my fork and sight pressure from my knife.   We had popcorn shrimp too (big portion). I was so full when I left.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is dark  but sexy and has a great view of the strip (so ask for a window seat).  My girlfriend had the spicy tuna roll which was good.  The app menu is long so don't get confused like I did, but I was impressed with  popcorn shrimp, so no telling how large the other apps unless I hear it from you yelpers. But there was some stuff that sounded good.
4	Another favorite of ours in Vegas didn't disappoint us on this trip. My wife is not a fan of fish but there is plenty on the menu for her to choose from. She chose a cucumber and avocado roll and had them use soy paper instead of seaweed.  And chicken teriyaki, rice, with vegetable tempura. I had an assortment of rolls and a friend joined us late but the restaurant accommodated without any problems.  As others have said there may be better sushi restaurants on the strip but we live the view, food, and service and will be back on our next trip.
3	Food: 4 StarsService: 3 StarsI give it a total of 3.5 but I always round down.Thursday night we had reservations at 8:45 PM. Did not get seated until 9:10 PM so the reservations did not have much help. The ambience is nice, dimly light, bar near the front, big open space.Food:Sashimi - VERY fresh, this is probably the best thing on the menu. We ordered Salmon, Tuna, Yellowtail, etc. all very good.Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus - this was a nice treat, beef was tender, and well marinated.Kobe Potstickers - nothing special, save your money. Don't get it.All of their rolls were nothing special.Chilean Seabass - This was very very good. I highly recommend this.Overall the FOOD is good, just the service wasn't the best. This review is based on food + service. I recommend this restaurant if it was based on Food only.
4	The wait was a little long, but that's because I put in a special request for a booth. Since it was going to be longer, we request the first available. They created an adhoc table out in the front to accommodate which was unusual but great for last minute.  The food was excellent. Very tasty and even though the waitress said that kitchen was behind, came out in perfect tempo. The miso cod was exquisite, not new but cooked excellent. Loved the brussell sprouts and the sashimi was very fresh. Great evening spent.
4	Sushi Roku was a great experience. We were seated and served so quickly. We had an 8 o clock friday night dinner reservation and although they were quite busy, many members of the staff made sure to take care of us. Highly recommend the cocktails and the makoto roll, so yummy. They also brought out a huge sparkler and decorated plate of desert for my boyfriend, as we were celebrating hid birthday.
4	I've been a big fan of the Sushi Roku in Pasadena for years! The Vegas one is a step down from the one in Pasadena, but it's still enjoyable if you're looking for reasonably priced sushi in Vegas. It's located inside a mall, so the location leaves something to be desired, but whatever.We got an assortment of rolls and sashimi as well as some alcoholic beverages. The waitress forgot our sake so she ended up giving us an extra one for free! Really nice of her! SERVICE: Minus forgetting our sake, the service was really good.FOOD: the rolls were really good but the some of the sashimi were cut unevenly. I've been to other sushi bars in Vegas, however, and they were all twice as expensive as this place, so I thought it was worth it. Also, they have allot of non sushi items on their menu too, so if you're going with sushi lovers and you hate it, there's plenty for you!
4	Had a couple of really good appetizers here back in December for happy hour. Just needed a quick bite before the Shania Twain show. This place fit the bill..Both the calamari and chicken satay skewers tasted great.. Along with that enjoyed a nice tasting glass of nicely chilled white wine.. Sat at the bar and enjoyed friendly efficient service and the price was right.. Will definitely be back next time in Vegas
1	I cant believe people think this is good sushi. The 8 piece chef special was sour and soggy. Very over priced and terrible. Save your money. I was ripped off.
3	AG made reservations here (Saturday night, 6:30PM) for us to celebrate the end of YM's days as a single lady.  AMBIANCE: Dim, sleek and sexy.  We were seated in a booth, which I think is the way to go (although the tables near the ceiling to wall glass windows with a view of the strip lights seemed nice too).  The noise level was low to start the night, but gradually got rowdy-- you could definitely tell that some of the tables were downing liquid courage.SERVICE: Our waitress was super cute/friendly, but did mess up our drink order once.  The GM stopped by our table to say hello, but it didn't seem like we got any special treatment.FOOD: Average.  I think there was either a set menu, or a previously decided upon order, since our food started arriving course by course as soon as our drink orders were taken.- edamame: Sprinkled lightly with sea salt, I was disappointed the seasoning wasn't evenly distributed.  It also seemed strange that a seemingly nice place like Sushi Roku would charge for edamame (or include it as one of the charged for courses in a set menu).- Hamachi carpaccio (1 slice of fish/person): Eh.  Also slightly disappointing.  The flavors were good (yuzu drizzle, etc), but the fish could've been fresher.  The girls really liked this dish though, so maybe its just me.- Filet mignon wrapped asparagus (1 roll/person): Presentation was nice-- the rolls were stacked up on each other on top of a sizzling rock.  A soy glaze was poured on top before serving, and emitted an impressive amount of steam.  I ended up with a piece that was sitting on top of the rock-- the meat was fairly tough for a supposedly tender cut.  I'm also not a huge fan of asparagus, so this dish was meh for me.- Crispy miso shrimp (several shrimps/person): My fave of the night, but it was essentially honey walnut prawns, minus the sweet mayo.- Chicken & beef teriyaki skewers (1 of each skewer/person): The beef skewers featured nice tender chunks of beef.  The chicken wasn't as good as the beef imo, but at least they were juicy and not dry.- Assortment of sushi (a couple pieces of sushi/person): Eh.  Par.- Dessert trio: Cheesecake (thumbs down; it had a REALLY hard buttery crust), cinnamon sugar donut "holes" (good, very fluffy, came with caramel and vanilla dipping sauces), and a molten chocolate lava cake (very good, very lava-y).The cocktails were hit or miss, but I really liked the bourbon one with cilantro and raspberries.OVERALL: Solid 3 stars.  I actually have no idea how much the meal cost, so my rating may change after I see the bill.  Anything more than $40pp would be too much for what we ate.
5	I love Sushi Roku.  I have never had something that I didn't enjoy here.My favorite: Yellowtail Sashimi w/ Diced Chilies $17 5/5Popcorn Shrimp Tempura with Spicy Creamy Sauce. $17 5/5The edamame is always a great way to get startedLocal Secret...they offer a 20% locals discount with a valid Nevada Id.
5	Best Service and Sushi on the strip. And a great view from there dinging room!
5	Food was so amazing. What made the meal special was our waitress Danielle. She knew the menu inside and out and made wonderful recommendations. My only complaint are the prices. Average $22/roll but the fish was very fresh. Ask for the White Lotus roll - it's not on the menu.
3	At a lower price point, this would be a commanding 4 star restaurant, but it fails to deliver for the high expectations it sets nestled in Caesar's Palace at about $50 a person.Sushi is solid, but nothing your usual local Sushi bar won't offer for 12-15 a roll. Service is somewhat irritating- kept coming back too often and wouldn't let me have a decent conversation.Start with an edamame; try the Filet Mignon Asparagus.
5	Get back in line where you belong Nobu,  Sushi Roku is still the best. Johnny is a great host and Haru prepares like no other.  It gets better every time I go.  I've even taken trips to Vegas just for this food.  If I had to pick a last meal,  this would be it. Charlie
5	Best sushi in Vegas.  Try the crispy rice!
2	I thought this place was overpriced and the service was definitely lacking.  I have a food allergy to avocado and they treated me like a leper.  One of the items on the lunch sushi special was a california roll, which without avocado is a simulated crab roll since they apparently don't have cucumber on them here?  Anyway, it was my birthday and we paid more than $40 for lunch here...I felt like I wasted my money though they did give me a cool sparkler and sing happy birthday with a cool dessert...that was the only thing that got them up to two stars.
5	yes yes yes!  amazing happy hour sushi.  the bartenders are friendly, the expensive far east mule cocktail was to die for, and the sushi rolls were phenomenal.  Rock Shrimp Tempura Jalapeno and spicy tuna rolls were amazing, as were other I tried.  small seating area for happy hour, but force yourself in because it's well worth it.  I was able to get the free wifi from the close coffee place while eating.
3	Edamame with truffle salt was great; really livened up what can be a bland experience.the sushi was good, but very overpriced; not too much for $25 roll.
3	Vegas pricing.  To be expected.  I can't get over a certain expectation of quality when sushi reaches a certain cost per roll.  The ambiance is fantastic and the service was outstanding.
5	Perfect location, great atmosphere, outstanding selection, stellar service. Each of the zillion items we ordered, was so good; and given all of the above, we did not at all feel it was overpriced. Will recommend and will return.
5	Why are you wasting time reading this?  You need to go to Orbitz or Expedia, something and book tickets to Vegas just to eat here.  I mean it.  There is no time to gamble, catch a show, or hang out in front of the Bellagio.  This is the BEST sushi i have ever had in my entire life.  (Trust me- I am old and I have lived in Japan.)I suggest you bring zip locks to line your coat so that you can bring home  black truffle tempura hand rolls in your purse. I don't know how food safe that would be but  it makes me smile just thinking about!We had a fabulous meal with an incredible view and just being there in a beautifully designed place.    Very nice attention to detail.I looked through the review remarks about the price and I will say this- again, I am old- you get what you pay for and the food here is worth paying for!
4	great sushi. Fresh fish. Their toro was particularly good. Did not like their hanabi. Everything else tasted amazing.
3	Good food, overpriced, the bill was over $150 for 2 and I was still a little hungry after..It's like a sushi tasting... everything is a small bite and it's just a few pieces on the plate...two star off was for the portion and price. service is great, food is great too.Just hope that they make it a little more filling then those two stars would be up :\
5	If I could add more stars I would! Ordered the caviar on scallops, Kumamoto oysters, toro andddd hamachi kama. Every single bite tasted like heaven. The oysters with an array of trio sauces, honestly, tasted like a beautiful piece if art on my pallet. Come here and order everything I did and you'll leave giddy! Oh and the honey whiskey/ginger ales help with that too! Johnny the main man is awesome too!
5	We had the fixed menu with 8 nigiri.Best sushi I have ever tasted! By far. It was a mystery how the fish could be so tender and tasteful.
5	As good as it gets, We had a party of five and were treated like royalty, Combo of servers kept the food and drinks coming. We shared sushi rolls and they even worked in the timing for our person that ordered a steak. Rolls were excellent and the servers helped suggest a few new ones for round two, a bit of a shock when the bill came because it was lower than expected.
4	This place is very good for Americanized Sushi, we can here for my wifes birthday and although they lost our reservation they got us in anyway. The sushi is very unique and tasty, its usually best to go with whatever is freshest. if you haven't been here you will never find it...no kidding.
3	Went here for Happy Hour with my daughter.  We didn't have our car so when I Yelped sushi restaurants on the strip, not many came up. I felt that the price was right for happy hour, the service was mediocre, but the food items were hit and miss.  Some were amazing and others were just "meh." The California rolls were surprisingly bland. We had an amazing sashimi fish dish that was served with ponzu sauce and had some yummy, fried brown onions on top. It was so good we ordered another!  Overall though, don't expect a lot from this place. Consistency throughout is what I look for in any restaurant and we were desperate for sushi so unfortunately I would say, we kind of settled.  We did feel satiated in the end because we got our sushi fix, but I won't ever go back again.
4	My girlfriend and I had a last minute trip to Las Vegas on Valentine's Day and of course just about everything was booked! So we went on Open Table and found out Sushi Roku had late night reservations. We went for a nice stroll and went to our dinner. We were sat at an great table next to an exquisite view of the Las Vegas strip. It was very romantic, the crowd was very hip, and the attire was semi-casual. We ordered the truffle edamame (definite recommendation) and 3 rolls of sushi to split. Don't bother going to Kabuki or any second rate sushi place because the sushi here is delicious! The only thing I would complain about is the price but you pay for quality and you look like a stud waving the check to your date at the end of the night!
4	Pleasantly surprised with the quality of sushi here. Everything is fresh as can be including some killer uni and monk fish liver. The black cod was also cooked just right. Good vibe and space with good views of the strip. If you're looking for top notch sushi this place has it covered just that it comes at a premium price. But it is Vegas and someone has to pay for all those lights.
1	Overpriced,small portions, and bland.  Need I say more?I have eaten at much better sushi restaurants for much less!  Stay away! Do yourself a favor .
5	Loved the atmosphere, friendly chefs! And absolutely delicious food! I recommend the Hakata ramen!!
4	Tempura is highly recommended!
4	First night in Vegas and we were looking for something light to eat before hitting up the club.  Nobu was booked, so we decided to try Sushi Roku.  Reservations weren't hard to get and I had heard good things so it was a go.We decided to order a bunch of appetizers and small plates to share for four guys.  One could't eat meat due to lent and I couldn't have carbs. Even with those restrictions we were successful in getting some tasty dishes.  The Truffle Edamame was really tasteful, but you can't really go wrong when its sprinkled with truffle oil, yum!  Shishito peppers were okay, I've had better (at Nobu, haha).  Yellowtail Diced Chilies were really fresh and tasty.  I good balance of flavors with a not too tangy sauce to compliment the delicate yellowtail flavore.The highlight of the show was teh Chilean Seabass Truffle Miso Glaze!  Delicious.  I have never met a Miso Glaze I did not like, but add truffle to it, and I was in heaven.  Went perfect with the smooth like butter seabass (i kinda wish the black cod had the truffle miso glaze, but it was only described as Sweet Miso, so I passed).  Other items we got were the Uni Tartlette (couldn't eat the pastry so just at the inside. Small, and flavor no so Uni-ish.  The sweet shrimp (Amaebi) was really fresh and the fried shrimp heads with it were the perfect compliment, Fresh and Fried.  We also got rolls, but i didn't partake because of the rice.All in all, Sushi Roku is pretty good.  Flavors really stood and were well balanced.  Service was excellent as to be expected.  Price was a bit on the high end for what it was but that's normal for Vegas.I would come back (unless I have a reservation for Nobu).
5	Sushi chef Haru is about as good as it gets in the Las Vegas area.  Pretty much the best value in terms of quality of sushi and price.
5	Amazing restaurant. We tried almost everything on the menu and it was delicious. Great atmosphere and it's not super loud so we can talk comfortably. Highly recommended! Drinks were great too.
5	We had a family dinner here prior to me and my fiance getting married. This place has totally ruined sushi for me anywhere else. It was absolutely amazing. We did a tasting type deal where they brought out many different dishes of sashimi, rolls and such, everything was fresh and nothing like I had ever had before. And I am one who did not eat much raw sushi before this trip. It is going to be very hard for me to eat sushi just from anywhere from now on and previously I was ok with eating Kroger sushi :) This will be a definite stop for me when I return to Vegas and a definate recommendation for those who are in the vicinity. I love this place!
5	Searched for a sushi restaurant that opened before 5pm and Sushi Roku came up. I was happy to see that there was a number of things for non meat eaters on the menu:) The food was awesome, the drinks were refreshing and the service was amazing!!! Thank you to our waiter Rommie! He was so helpful.. He recommended the perfect items and drinks and was super friendly and even gave us dessert!!! Thank you again Rommie!!!
5	From the time we got in till the time we left from the service to the meal...very impressed..
5	I wish i could remember the bartender's name because he was awesome! Had great drink and dessert recommendations! Happy hour is a great deal - smaller portions, but still plenty of food! The chocolate filled mini donuts were great! Also the filet wrapped asparagus and garlic ponzu albacore were both amazing apps!
5	This place was fantastic!!!   We were staying a Nobu, a boutique hotel in Caesar's.  We just arrived in Vegas and were looking for a nice place to sit, relax and enjoy a satisfying meal.We happened upon Sushi Roku and decided to give it a try.  We had a window view of the strip.  Not only that but the food was fantastic as well as the service.  I'm a vegetarian and was there with two co-workers who were not.   The waiter was very helpuful at answering my questions about the dishes.  I ordered a couple of appetizers because that's about all there was that was veg. The waiter was great about letting me know that we could start out with just a couple of the small dishes (salad & an eggplant dish),   He said if they were not sufficient he'd put in an orer for an additional dish.  That really impressed me. Often when I order veggie dishes the waiters will act like they think I'll be starving.  Not here!!  And my meal was more than sufficient.  And oooooh, so good!! The Miso Eggplant appetizer was especially delish.  I'm so glad we decided to take the chance and stop here.
2	Good.....not great. The food was tasty but I don't recommend doing a "trust me" menu with the waiter alone.....our waiter told us he would prepare one we could share and it was very lackluster (i'm taking about beyond basic...spice tuna roll, tuna sushi, pot-stickers) so that was disappointing. Nice ambiance, but for the prices, I would go somewhere more upscale and that takes more risks, like Nobu. Also it was a birthday and I told 4 people but they still forgot to bring my husband the desert and sparkler to the table.....I ended up having to remind them and they served it to him in the bar on the way out...pretty lame but better than nothing. Don't do a special dinner here is what I would recommend.
3	This was my first visit to Sushi Roku. It was a nice setting and the decor is very pleasant. The service was just okay, nothing special. The food was good. We had a premium priced edamame beans that were pretty much the same as I have had everywhere including the frozen food section of my local store. The Ikura, Uni were both good, but again not over the top. The soft-shelled crab was very nice. We also had a couple of rolls that again were good, but not memorable. All in all it was a good dinner. Had a chance to catch-up with friends. The noise level was good so having a conversation was easy.
2	Went here during a visit to Vegas. Debated the oh-toro (fatty tuna) out loud and even our server commented that it was great and "just melts in your mouth". Ended up ordering 2 orders (4 pieces) of it along with our entrees.The tuna we had looked like they were less than ideal cuts. Not only did they taste bad, they were likely the worst tuna I've ever had. A complaint to our server simply resulted in her shaking her head and saying "not so good?" with no offer of a remedy.Two stars because the fried rice was pretty good.
2	Pretty average sushi nothing too special. The restaurant was pretty empty on Wednesday night. We ordered multiple roles the best role what's a spicy tuna the little piece of jalapeno on top of each roll. I've had a lot better sushi at better prices but I guess this is what you can expect in Vegas. At least I can say the fish tasted fresh
5	I love this place! I always go for happy hour which includes cheap drinks and eats. The bar tender is always very friendly and fun to talk with. Sushi is fresh!
4	My fiance and I came to Sushi Roku while on a trip to Vegas. It was our first stop on our 3 day trip and we had a great time. The truffle oil edamame had good flavor and was different than what we typically order. Our waiter recommended the Yellowtail diced chilis appetizer and I thought it was perfect! My fiance did not care for it but he enjoyed the sushi. I felt the sushi was average. Our waiter was very helpful and professional. We also requested for a window seat to look out over the strip which they accommodated. We had a great time and will be returning on our next trip!
5	Ordered the freshest fish from the sushi chef and it was amazing! Absolutely delicious. I suggest everyone order sushi that way, so you'll know you're getting the best. Can't wait to come back.
2	Food is really good tastes  amazing too. Also the server was very professional.  BUT literally every dish was like nothing there. If u really wanna try here just let u guys know. U will cost 31 $ for like 5pics of shrimp and tons of chips on the top n it's called pan fried shrimp with chips lol.
3	We ate here for lunch our first day in Vegas. We both ordered sushi rolls (can't remember which ones). No draft beer and the sushi was just okay!  View of the strip and decent decor but not a great atmosphere. Probably won't go back!
5	Excel price, food, services during happy hour.I ordered miso eggplant, stuffed chicken in mushroom, rock shrimp tempura hand roll, albacore sashimi with fried onion, spicy yellowtail cut roll. The bartender made lychee martini and charge only  $5. The bill came $30, I paid $36total. You can't beat the service, food and price elsewhere.
5	This was a perfect spot to get delicious sushi.  The atmosphere was quiet and romantic and the food was amazing.  No doubt about it, we will be back.
5	Happy hour is the best. The sushi was so fresh and satisfying. For sushi I'd suggest this place and nobu only. Otherwise make your own at home. What an amazing meal!
4	I ordered the crispy spicy tuna ($16) with chicken fried rice ($15), both were filling and well prepared. Service was great, ambiance was excellent. Well priced considering you're in Vegas.
5	I did a reservation through yelp for about 9 people on a Saturday. I have to say I was blown away by the service here. We got an awesome server who was very attentive and accommodating. Water was always full and the food and other things we requested came in a timely matter.They accidentally forgot the birthday girl's dish, but was able to provide her with a free dish to make up for it. I got the Tako roll with the spicy octopus and salmon sashimi and both were delicious and tasted fresh. I also tried my friend's miso butter-fish dish wow! It was so soft and flavorful. The birthday girl got a trio of pastry dessert and a candle to blow out to make her birthday extra special. A nice finishing touch to a great dining experience.Atmosphere was pretty nice too - upscale ambiance. I would return when I go back to Vegas.
4	Sushi Roku is my go-to place for special events such as birthdays, graduations, promotions, etc. the ambiance is wonderful and calming, the service is spectacular and the food is simply delicious! For appetizers I would recommend the popcorn shrimp tempura (my favorite!) or the lobster tempura. Hot, crispy, and cooked just right, this appetizer has your mouth singing! For sushi, I love the lobster roll with miso sauce, and any type of sashimi is fresh and delectable. If you are a local, you know there are items that can be ordered off the menu. All are delicious, but the white lotus roll is my absolute favorite. If you are in the mood for some upscale sushi in a quiet environment with a great view of Vegas, Sushi Roku is for you. The only downfall is the price - a little steep, bit you truly do get what you pay for here.
5	Such a great experience! My husband and I celebrated our 1 year wedding anniversary.  Because I booked our reservation through yelp they knew it was our anniversary and surprised us with a delicious dessert! Sushi was delicious, service was great, and we'll definitely go back the next time we're in Vegas!
3	I love sushi, it is my favorite food so I am always hoping to find a good sushi restaurant when I go to Vegas. This place was okay. I think I am just too spoilt going to Sushi Deli in San Diego which is hands down the best sushi place on earth. The sushi here was just okay to me. I got the black truffle roll because it sounded awesome and someone else suggested it on here. It tasted like absolutely nothing to me. It wasn't bad, it just tasted like crunchy cardboard. We also accidentally ordered cold sake which is quite possibly one of the grossest tasting things you could ever drink. Overall the sushi was fine, but I wouldn't come here again to be completely honest.
3	Good quality sushi a little heavy on the wasabi. But for me very overpriced but I guess that's Vegas.
5	Excellent!! Simply superb sushi restaurant!! I have been here numerous times and have never been disappointed. Elegant ambiance with an incredible view of the Las Vegas Strip. The food is always fresh and the service is top notch. Good happy hour, friendly staff and great bar tenders who know how to mix a great drink!! General Manager, Johnny Seo is magnificent and knows how to cater to his clientele to keep them coming back again and again!!
4	Excellent customer service and amazing view of strip. The my really value their customers and want to please them. Definitely consider going here if you are wanting sushi in vegas. The desserts are great too.
5	Awesome happy hour menu!! This is definitely my go-to Japanese restaurant in Vegas. My sisters and I enjoyed delicious authentic Japanese food -  chicken stuffed shishito, mushroom tempura, salmon and avocado sushi roll etc... The staff were all friendly and professional and the manager was very hospitable and accommodating. I can't wait to come back next month - this time, dinner with friends. I highly recommend Sushi Roku.
5	Sushi roku was one of the best restaurant choices we made while in Vegas. Although it was hard to find in the hotel/casino, the Ambiance and view were worth the walk. I had the tuna appetizer and popcorn shrimp along with a few rolls. Everything was awesome. One of our friends didn't like raw fish and still enjoyed the other menu items. From the sake to the salad, I would rave about this place. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be sure to come back!!!!!
5	One of the best sushi places i have ever been to in my life!  This is honestly not an exaggeration as I tend to do that at times.  I was only in Vegas for three nights and I came here two out of the three.  Highly recommend and absolutely everything we ordered was amazing.  There was a special crunch spicy roll that was to die for.
5	Best filet mignon I have ever had. Like butter baby. Teriyaki flavored steak and mashed potatoes at a sushi restaurant in Vegas?  Sweet baby Jesus that was so damn good.
5	Delicious fresh sushi! Got the spicy tuna roll and absolutely loving it! The sashimi is a bit pricey, but everything is very well done. Highly recommend!
3	The food was good however it was overpriced.  we got there around 8 p and got right in.  We had 4 rolls and after the tip we paid $100. We only had water to drink.  Like I said the food was good but the cost was high.
4	Food was of the chain good. Couldn't give it 5 stars cause of the price and water tasted like hose water when I was a kid.
3	The Sushi was average. I found that the Eel/Avocado roll had muddy taste, like you sometimes get in catfish and talapia. Not the most appealing. The Truffeled Sea Bass was the highlight of the meal, pefectly cooked and delicious. The chicken fried rice and Soba noodles were average as well. Not my favorite sushi place, but a decent option if you are staying at Caesar's.
5	I set up reservations for 2 for a birthday dinner. The service was excellent, they comp'd any dessert on the menu for the birthday and they even served the dish with a sparkler. I would highly recommend this restaurant for any occasion/dinner.
4	Great service, amazing Sushi, conveniently located in the Caesars palace shopping forum. I was thoroughly impressed with everything we had. Which included the Katana roll, Dynamite Roll (which was outstanding), rainbow roll, and various Sashimi.
4	We had a late afternoon reservation but not late enough. They only opened the seating area with a view at 5:00pm. We didn't make a big fuss. We had a very attentive and friendly waiter. Service was quick and the food was good. The only issue we had was their system didn't accept our American Express Serve card even though the funds were available.
5	For our last night in Vegas, we were looking to do a show and a fancier dinner. And a show and a fancier dinner we did! Our first choice for dinner was booked out a month, so we fell back on our trusty old friend, sushi. This restaurant did not disappoint. My boyfriend made a reservation (just to be safe). We get there and we are promptly seated in the back room; the windows behind our table looked out over the strip. Everything was prompt - the service and the time frame in between ordering our drinks and food and those getting to the table. Not to mention the service was so friendly - for some reason, they speak in rather quiet tones, which normally would frustrate me (I'm mostly deaf) but for some reason, it contributed more to the already soothing atmosphere. It was very intimate and peaceful. My boyfriend got some sashimi, soup, and rolls (forget what, exactly) while I got a little bowl of rice and rolls. The food was great! Normally, I'd go into much more detail, but I'll just leave it at that and let you find out how good it is. Dessert (mochi) was also good, three flavors of your choosing and one piece (which is then halved) of each flavor. I appreciated this, so I could indulge my sweet tooth but not feel overwhelmed/too full from it. Overall, this is a romantic and peaceful restaurant, equally good for couples as well as groups. We went early (6 PM) so this probably helped out with the peacefulness a lot, but nonetheless, I highly recommend it.
5	Folks here are way cool. I asked the head chef Haruhiko 'Haru' Takeshita to freestyle our dinner and he said no problem!! Needless to say, this our second time eating here on this Vegas run!
5	Day 2 of my four day getaway in Vegas.  I try to eat at a good sushi restaurant wherever I visit and Sushi Roku was well rated everywhere.  I was not disappointed in my expectations.  I asked for a seat with a view of the strip and was obliged with a great view looking south down Las Vegas Blvd.  I ordered the chef's tasting menu, a sake sampler, and a cocktail suggested by the waiter (muddled tangerine and cucumber with gin - Yummy!).  Each course in the tasting menu was brought out by one of the chef's and I was given an explanation of the food and its preparation.  The appetizer course was amazing.  After two weeks it is hard to remember which each item was but I think the first item was a squid sashimi with olive oil and lemon.  The second item was a tuna tartar and the third item was a salmon sashimi.  Every item was sublime.Course two was the hot appetizer.  This was a shrimp skewer with a mango salsa and a skewer with bacon wrapped cherry tomatoes.  Course three was a sashimi sampler with three types of tuna.  Beautiful presentation here.  Course four was perfectly seared scallop.  Course five was a sushi sampler with three pieces of tuna poke hand roll and 4 nigiri.  The salmon nigiri was the best salmon sushi I have ever tasted.  Course six was desert, a tiramisu with green tea infused lady fingers.  Heavenly.Top rating in my book for service, view, ambiance, and most of all, the amazing food.
4	I came here for Happy Hour last week. Got an $18 raspberry cocktail and two of the happy hour special sushi rolls for $4 each. Both of the ladies working at the bar were very nice and friendly, and my cocktail, while pricey, was also very good. The sushi was great. The salmon was perfectly fresh, and the tempura shrimp nicely cooked. Good rice, too. The lady next to me ONLY got happy hour food-- no alcohol at all-- and they were just as nice to her-- no grudging the lack of drink-buying. It's an attractive space and a pleasant Happy Hour environment. This place gets a thumbs-up by me.
4	Loved it.  Donald at the bar was awesome!!  Food was great.  Went for happy hour.  Great deal!  Great ambiance.
4	We had miso soup, crab dynamite roll and the sushi mix with spicy tuna roll.  The spicy tuna roll tasted very fresh.  Miso soup was also excellent!  In comparison, the food prices seemed very reasonable.
4	The baked lobster rolls was amazing! We really liked everything we tried. Great food, great view. Service was a bit slow. They took a while to come by when we wanted to order more food. The view to the Strip was awesome.
2	The service is super slow....I was waiting for at least 20 minutes for the good to come out. Waitresses are also very slow, so I had to wait for quite a bit to pay my bill which was frustrating..The prices and food are okay, though
5	Absolutely one of the best sushi restaurants that I've experienced in Las Vegas. Great location, amazing sushi, and great prices.
2	Expensive, tasteless Japanese food.  There was no flavor in teriyaki salmon, tempura, and California roll. Price was expensive, but I do not expect any less from Vegas.
3	We ate here mainly because the online menu looked like "normal" sushi. Although when we got there, it was mostly Japanese entrees with some sushi. I personally like the Americanized sushi rolls that contain very little raw fish. I know that's not what real sushi is, but I'd rather not eat a moving octopus.  Anyways, they had some good stuff. We had the Crunchy Tuna roll and the Katana roll. The Crunch roll was amazing, it had spicy tuna inside. The Katana roll had raw tuna on the top that was like warm, not a fan of warm raw fish. But it looked nice. The atmosphere was interesting. It was super dark inside like a fancy restaurant but the techno music was so loud that I couldn't  have a conversation at all. The staff was super nice and very helpful though. Did I like it?; sort of. Would I come back?: No.
4	Extremely tasty, nice ambiance, and good #customerservice. However, small rolls, can be a bit pricey, but a cute little date spot.
5	Tuna Carpaccio and tuna tataki sushi was fresh and delicious! Celebrated a birthday here! Friendly wait staff and sushi chef! Highly recommended!!!
5	My new favorite Sushi spot both in LA and in Vegas... Apparently you can get awesome Sushi ,reasonably priced in Las Vegas ,oh and great service !!
5	Wow, is all I can say, the priced are phenomenal cheap for happy hour, the well drinks,  only $5, for drinks that usually cost $15, the portions are small but to taste all the food it's delicious, we ordered the fried calamari,   delicious and lightly fried,  we ordered the popcorn shrimp,  first time they were not lightly fried as well...really yummy, but the best food was the mini doughnuts to die for, for only$3, tasted like Mochi, balls...will definitely be back here.
1	was here on labour day.  had my money stolen.  staff unhelpful; manager inexperienced and unprofessional; used to frequent often for the mediocre but reasonably priced happy hour menu.  will never return.  advise patrons to hold on to keep their bags close.  horrible experience.  try ra sushi instead for a decent happy hour menu.
4	Happy hour! :) For food and drinks, but I only had water here. The water itself was deng sexy. LOL. Lemon placed in the cup with a toothpick, you wouldn't feel like it's just water.The happy hour items had was: - Filet Mignon Wrapped Asparagus w/Soy Mirin: It was good! The sauce and juice from the meat thinly wrapped around 4 stalks (two halved asparagus) was delicious. The asparagus was cooked, but still had it's crunch in the center. (HH: $6) - A2 Fusion: consists of albacore, onion, avocado & jalapeno. One of the best rolls I've had in a while. (HH: $5)You'd get more with sushi roll, $4 handroll isn't worth the quantity.Decor was simple, had a hint of modern, and even thought it's in Vegas, felt like I was in California, if that makes any sense. LOLFor Happy Hour, you'd have to sit in a designated spot. Only minus 1 star, because I had to sit with people who were trash talking about Asians at the same table. It's not their fault, but I wasn't able to move from the table to another spot to avoid hearing them continuously bash on my culture. Made my eating a bit awkward.
4	I had the truffle edamame and they were delish. The truffle tempura roll wasn't as truffley as I'd like. The salmon truffle carpaccio was good but not very truffley either. And the lobster roll was really meaty!
4	Went here for lunch and got the beef teriyaki lunch bento. The beef was very tender and good!
5	Incredible food. Great atmosphere. John the general manager is very professional and curtious
5	We ate here on a Friday night as part of a group of fourteen from Vision Expo and the food and service was excellent! The friendly, professional service staff brought out many unique, tasty dishes and all of us walked away very satisfied. We were seated in a private area that looked out on the Strip, which created a very nice atmosphere.
4	Setting is beautiful, service is great, food is delicious.
3	This place describes itself as forward thinking and the new face of sushi. Well if this is the new face of sushi we are going back in time with Marty McFly. The sushi was mediocre to put it nicely. Luckily I had a gift card to use so i didn't pay much. I will give it that it had a great view. But when the sushi came out it tasted like it had a bit of Clorox on it from cleaning the plate but then rubbed off on the sushi. Very unlikely I will want to come here again unless forced.
5	It was a nice surprise when we found out that they have lunch special! Bento box with teriyaki salmon and 4 pieces of sashimi priced at $19, super delicious! My friend ordered unagi donburi and it was to die for, sweet and melt in your mouth eel! Service was excellent! I recommend to go during lunch time if you come to town with kids, it was nice, quite and still great food and service!
4	Great Sushi. Some of the best I have had in Vegas.  Very creative in their Rolls. Love there Lunch Bento Box. Great portions and very tasty presentation.  The only thing they need to work on is getting the food out quicker.  Lunch took a little longer than it needed to be.  However the manager was excellent about fixing the situation.  Definitely a place I would go back too.
3	By the time that I got off the plane in Las Vegas, I was already starving. After dropping our luggage off in our rooms, we promptly took to yelp to find some sushi for my poor landlocked friend. We ended up at Sushi Roku and had a pleasant lunch. We each ordered iced teas. The iced tea had some sort of fruit flavor that we couldn't place. It wasn't sweet, but you could taste something tropical. I opted for the lunch special which included salmon teriyaki, salad, rice and sashimi. I also added a miso soup. My friend ordered a specialty roll and a seaweed salad. My expectations were actually kind of low (this place is inside a mall) and they were easily surpassed by this lunch. The miso soup was flavorful and served at an appropriate temperature. My friends salad was really delicious. It was made with the very dark green seaweed and not the weird neon kind. My salad was pretty generic and with the exception of fishing out and munching on the the bitter micro-greens, I basically left it untouched. My sashimi was ok. Nothing really special. It could've been a bit colder. My salmon teriyaki was very flavorful, but a tiny bit overcooked. The rice on the plate was plain steamed rice. It was exactly as expected. My friends roll looked pretty good, but towards the end, she just took it apart and ate the fish because the ratio of rice to other ingredients was too high.   Not a terrible lunch, but also not the best I've ever eaten. It was definitely OK.
4	ALWAYS amazing...we started with miso soup, then the shishito peppers (YUM) and then bluefin tuna and Japanese mackerel sushi, then a roboto skewer of filet wrapped around fois gras and asparagus,  Next, a spicy yellowtail nigiri sushi, plus uni and masago.  Perfect balance, great view, romantic, YUM.
4	Ah, Vegas.  It's hard to find a good meal that isn't thousands of dollars.  Sushi Roku was probably our best meal on my latest trip.  The sushi selection is relatively small compared to other cities, but I guess you'd expect that in the middle of a desert?  I don't know...  But I went with the japanese short ribs appetizer for my meal because we didn't expect to eat a full meal.  It was so good I asked for a side of rice to soak up every bit of the juice/sauce that it was with.  The rolls my dining parter had were good, too.The service was OK - not incredibly attentive but not bad either.  I imagine on a busy night (there were only a few people at the time) it could get slow.
5	Our group had a FABULOUS meal here. It was pretty easy to get reservations, even for our group of 14 people. We ended up splitting the table "in half" and have each side order their own food to share (family style). I think our side won:For appetizers, we ordered:Tuna Sashimi Carpaccio: 4 out of 5 starsYellowtail Diced Chilies with Olive Oil & Garlic Ponzu: 4 out of 5 starsOrganic Garden Salad with Yuzu Ginger Dressing: 5 out of 5 stars (as far as garden salads go)Seaweed Salad with Cucumber Sunomono: 3 out of 5 starsShishito Japanese Peppers in Soy Garlic: 5 out of 5 stars (so much flavor!)Brussel Sprouts with Bacon and Yuzu Kosho: 5 out of 5 stars (it's BACON!)For Entrees and Special Rolls, we ordered:Uni Udon Creamy Pasta: this was actually more like fettuccini, not udon noodles. It was definitely very creamy and heavy. I liked it, but I wouldn't say it was my favorite dish of the night. 3 out of 5 stars. Well, let's make it 4 out of 5 stars, since the uni pieces were huge.Filet Mignon wrapped Asparagus: it comes on a hot rock. 4 out of 5 stars.Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll (this is typically deep fried, but there is an option to just get the deep fried crunchy flakes on top of the roll). 4 out of 5 stars.Katana Roll: Spicy tuna & shrimp tempura topped with tuna and yellowtail. 5 out of 5 stars.Makoto Roll: Yellowtail & shrimp tempura wrapped with seared tuna, spicy creamy sauce. 5 out of 5 stars. These rolls were pretty similar actually...oops.The other side ordered the Prime Rib Eye Steak to share, and we each tried a piece. If I go with a large group again, we are ordering that fosheezy.
4	I went there with a group of friends during summer. The hostess seated us on the main dining room, it has a gorgeous view of the strip and the restaurant's decor was beautiful. I asked the hostess if we could have the happy hour menu and she went to ask the manager, then she came back and told us we had to move to another table. There were on the other side and there was no beautiful view and we sat beside a big group of table who were very loud, we had to speak up to talk to each other. Anyways, the food was pretty good and fresh. I cannot remember what we ordered but the price were reasonable and we had a nice time.
5	I've been here a handful of times and I'm never disappointed with my meal. Making a reservation is always a breeze, all the employees are very professional and friendly. I love all the dishes, and have yet to try something that I didn't enjoy. Service is always great. It's always nice to come here for special occasions since they are very accommodating. Definitely put this on your list of sushi spots to try!
4	It took awhile to find the place, but had I read the directions on the website first, that could have been avoided! At first glance the restaurant seemed very dead.  All of the seats in the front were empty, but as soon as the hostess took us to our reserved seat around the corner, we saw a whole other part of the restaurant where all of the tables were full.  Great service by the wait staff, excellent sushi and non sushi items.  The truffle sushi roll was AMAZING!  The restaurant has a great view of the strip and was exactly what I wanted for my birthday dinner in Vegas.  The waiter brought out a dessert and a candle/sparkler to help my group celebrate my birthday.  The prices not out of control either.
5	Excellent service, great sake selection. My new favorite place for sushi in Las Vegas. Ask for a table by the window. Great atmosphere easy to have a conversation but still overall good vibe.  Just simply cannot say enough good things. Try the Kim Chee.
5	This is absolutely the best sushi restaurant  in Las Vegas. Expensive but worth it. I ate lunch there with 3 friends and we were all blown away from the Kobe beef appetizer to the toro to urchin. All of the tuna you can imagine. Atmosphere is great, service is great and of course the food is great. This is the place for top notch sushi.
1	The hostesses are great! So is a busser named Pablo. But when you go ask to not have Danielle as a server. She is a bitch & sassy for no reason.
4	Expensive but worth it. The brussel sprouts appetizer is so delicious that I've tried to recreate it at home. The sushi was fresh and delicious!
1	I heard they were very good at catering to food allergens, but we had a pretty poor experience.  Their gluten free menu was really limited compared to their normal menu.  I have a soy intolerance, and they brought me crab in a soy wrapper.  We didn't figure this out until I was a couple of bites in.  Then they didn't discount my meal.  The waiter took forever even though the place was pretty empty.  Lame all around.
5	Amazingggggggg sushi!!!! By far the best I've ever had!!! The fish was sooo fresh ad melted like butter in my mouth!! View was amazing and ambience was great! Suchhh a clean and tasteful place!!
5	Doesn't even need a review. Just go. Get the yellowtail sashimi with ponzu appetizer and thank me later. ;-)
5	AMAZING. Best Sushi I've had in Vegas so far. The Ambiance was beautiful, service was very friendly & food was top notch. I ordered the Katana Roll which was my favorite, the lobster roll was really great as well. And the toro? BEST TORO I'VE EVER HAD. My mouth starts watering even thinking about it now! & the great thing was, my boyfriend, who hates seafood, ordered the Ji Dori Chicken & loved it. If you're looking for a top notch sushi dinner with a romantic setting & nice view of the strip, this is the spot!
4	Trendy place with great service and atmosphere. But like any tapas place, it is "starving in style" :-)Will definitely visit again ... And even though I am not a tapas aficionado, I do appreciate the attention to detail in presentation and taste. This place meets or beats anything I have experienced in DC.
3	So here's the skinny on Sushi Roku.  It's overpriced (welcome to Vegas!), better-than-good-but-not-great food with a very nice view of the Strip.  Did we enjoy the meal?  Yes.  Would we go back?  Probably not.I would recommend getting a window seat, especially in the evening, when the lights are up.Service was mixed; the greeter / host was really nice and engaged, but our waiter was somewhat absent.  It seemed he was covering a lot of the floor himself, but still.The sushi itself was very well presented.  We got the chef's selection, which had some intriguing and tasty combinations - I'd recommend going that way.  Oh yeah - the Wagyu pot stickers are almost worth another star by themselves.So -- not a place to avoid, or one to seek out particularly.
5	One of the best sushi spots in Vegas hands down!! And don't worry, if you don't like sushi, there are so many other options for you. I was very impressed with this place. My sister and I dined here for a girls night and they took such great care of us. We got a seat with a view, when it was packed. The manager comped our dessert, just cause. Literally, I would give them 10 stars if I could.It seemed like the type of place to take care of their regulars, and locals. A couple of the dishes that stood out to me were the Jumbo Shrimp, and King Crab fried rice. The shrimp was served with potato style chips, and a creamy sauce. I am still wondering what was in that sauce. It had a savory, yet sweet honey butter flavor. So delicious. The crab fried rice just hit the spot. There were huge chunks of crab, and the dish was packed with flavor. No need to add soy or hot sauce to this one. There were a dozen or so sushi options, and a variety of small sharable plates, or full size entrees. Park valet at the Forum Shops to avoid the tourist traffic. From food, to service, and even price, I was highly impressed all around. I can't wait to return.
3	Place is really nice and servers are really. Ordered some sushi and sashimi and fired rice. Rolls don't tastes good, sashimi and sushi are really good for this price. I would expect much tasty than other sushi restaurant.
4	Service and food was very good.  We had three rolls and all were very tasty.  We recommend this restaurant.
5	Awesome view awesome sushi. priced on the high end but quality is top notch. our server was great. the service is A+. great place to take a date or with friends.
5	Delicious fresh sushi. The seared albacore sashimi with fried onions and garlic ponzu is a must have! The yellow tail and tuna sashimi were good too. Just a heads up that they put wasabi between the rice and fish here for their nagiri's, so if you're like me and don't like that, you might want to ask them not to put the wasabi. Overall great service and food. And a nice view of the strip when you sit by the window.
4	Great sushi off the strip. Reasonable priced and overall a solid experience.
1	My experience here has left me with no words. Bad service. Mediocre food. I can definitely say I'm never coming here again. It took over 20 mins to get our table some water and the waitress didn't own up to her mistakes and blamed the busboy for not bringing the water. When we got the water, it tasted horrible. Our hotel room sink water tastes better than that. The food came so late as if they left to catch the fish we were going to consume. The waitress then forgot to put in one of our rolls and apologized in the most stand offish way possible saying it was a "human error" as if she wasn't even sorry about it. As we received the bill, my friend realized she got spicy tuna when she had wanted yellowtail. All in all worst place ever! The only decent person was the busboy. Avoid the waitress with a feather tattoo behind her ear.
5	Amazing service and food! The sushi tastes very soft and fresh. Plus we had the king crab fried rice which was pretty fantastic! Our server was very attentive and polite. The best service we received while in Vegas for the weekend.
3	We went to Sushi Roku on their 10th anniversary day for the special menu.- Shima roll: shrimp wrapped spicy tuna, cilantro & avocado- Katana roll: spicy tuna & shrimp tempura topped with tuna & yellowtail- Filet Mignon-wrapped asparagus- Popcorn shrimp tempura with spicy creamy sauceA solid Americanized Sushi joint, priced high-end. Although it was good, I would say Katsuya and Nobu are better.
4	Even better than the LA location. The sushi is good, not mind blowing, amazingly fresh, OMG....but a solid good. So you get an enjoyable meal, with an intimate dining experience, and great ambiance. Good views of the strip and a little bit of a breather from the chaos. But what made it a fantastic night was the service. It was EXCELLENT. Best restaurant experience we had the entire trip! I will go back next time I'm in Vegas which I hope will be soon!
