4	Some great Thai food at  a very reasonable price. The chicken satay is amazing and the Kang Karee is really good too . And they have some of the best soups I have ever tried. This is definately a place to try for some high quality authentic Thai cuisine.
5	Call me sheltered, but I'd never had coconut in anything that wasn't sweet before I ate at Mint Thai :)  I was with a client and he ordered. I remember I was SO apprehensive about trying the new and weird-sounding dishes he chose! I know, I am revealing how *white* I am. But, the point of the story is, thanks to Mint Thai, now I am positively addicted to Thai and anything with coconut milk in particular! Mint Thai Cafe is cute, clean, although only average ambiance and service. The dishes I have tried are all very tasty. Try the Satay, Tom Yum Gui, Thai BBQ chicken, and all of their curries. Mmmm.... coconut.....
5	Silky, spicy, sumptuous . . . tom kai gai.Truly the premiere piping hot pot of soup in the Valley. Chicken, kaffir lime, coconut milk, lemongrass and ginger deliver fireworks on the taste buds.The service is attentive but not stalker; the decor is primarily traditional with golden splashes and photos of dignitaries. It's quaint, inviting and tucked away on the east side of Gilbert Road.Over the years, I sampled my way through the menu and adamantly recommend the green curry (gang kew wan) as your main course at a very reasonable $10. Or, for a special seaside treat, opt for the seafood green curry at $15.Kick up the spice to your heart's desire, and relish the thought of sweet sticky rice with Thai custard as the close to a delightful culinary escapade. Of course, don't forget the Thai iced tea to escort the flavors to your soon-to-be exuberant tummy.Feel like sharing? Portion sizes are primed for a combo with your fave dinner companion.
5	FINALLY good Thai food *AND* good service!  We didn't have to wait 20 minutes for water/food!  Pineapple Curry was VERY good.  Lots of Pineapple, onion, and chicken.  Had a very good flavor (couldn't stop eating it).Wife had the Pad Thai...had to send back because the Tofu wasn't fried.  Once she got it back it was "perfect".  The Pad Thai had just enough sauce to give it a nice flavor, but not too much to over power it.  We will be back for sure!!
5	Massaman Curry ... one word .... YUMMY!Food was Exceptional (again).  Wife got the Mixed veggie curry and loved it as well.  This looks like the best Thai food in Chandler/Gilbert Area!
4	Mint Thai Cafe is a very brave litttle restaurant that is successful in it's desire to forsake the "strip mall" prejudices.  When pulling up in front of the Cafe, for the first time, it appears very normal and expectations tend to be lessened.  Upon entering, however, you are treated to an intimate atmosphere where the actual dining room is not immediately visible.  the hostess greets you with a warm smile and brings you around the corner.  There, you are seated at one of the 8 or nine tables in the room.  There appears to be a secondary room as well, but I have never been sat there.  The server is there, also with a genuine smile and offers welcome and beverages.  The menu is full of the same wonderful items you would expect to see in a Thai restaurant, however there seems to be something extra....My dining companion and I order a couple of apetizers to share a nd a couple of entrees to try.  we both like it very spicey, soa s we sweat through our meal we are unceaseingly complimenting every bite!  Perhaps it is because our eyes are watering and we are engrossed in the experience, but we do not notice that our water and iced tea glasses are constyantly being refilled without our noticing it.  That is what I loved besides the great tasting food.  The service is all over it without being all over you.  I really hate intrusive service that many yelpers also seem to mention in their reviews.Mint Thai Cafe is professional, authentic and oh so convenient!
5	I've tried lots of Thai restaurants in the East Valley and a couple in Phoenix. I have to say that Mint Thai is the best!! Like someone said earlier, it is in a location that isn't admirable but when you walk inside it's very welcoming. I took my friend here and he has never had Thai before and after that he said he was a fan. The service is always good. We didn't wait very long till we received our orders.  I'm very lucky for this place to be located in the East Valley.I ordered the Rama Beef which I always get every time I come here. It has a peanut buttery flavor which engulfed my pallet, I smooth and the seasonings are just perfect. My friend had the Sizzling Beef, I've never had it before but it was really good. They bring out a HOT skillet and place the vegetable and beef on it and watch it sizzles!! It was way cool! Be careful though it's still hot, wait a few minutes. The music they play is Thai which gives it that ambiance of Asia... I guess. I do want their CDs though even though I don't know what their saying!!ALSO most Thai restaurants close between 2-4pm this little one is open from 11AM-9PM no breaks in between. I've had this problem before where I'm craving Thai between 2-4pm and no one seems to be open, it's a pain!!
4	So I surveyed my family as we dined and here are the results:Appetizers-  *Mee Krob  (crispy,sweet noodles with pork & shrimp)   Audrey - 4 stars   Emma - 4 stars   Abby - 4 stars   Jim - 5 stars     +selected comments - "The texture is almost like...rice krispy treats!"                                       "It's almost too sweet"                                       "Unusual."  *Satay  (marinated chicken skewers)   Audrey - 4 stars   Emma - 4 stars   Abby - 4 stars   Jim - 4 stars    +selected comments - "Very tender."                                      "Can I have the last one?"Entrees-  *Pad Thai  (we all know what this is right?)   Audrey - 4 stars   Emma - 4 stars   Abby - 5 stars   Jim - 4 stars    +selected comments - "Too many sprouts."                                      "This is good!"                                      "Chunks of cabbage don't belong in here."  *Panang Curry with scallops and shrimp (self-explanatory)   Audrey - 3 stars   Emma - 5 stars   Abby - 5 stars   Jim - 3 stars   +selected comments - "Scallops are a miracle to this world."                                     "Are scallops rare?"                                     "Thai food is getting up there with                                        Chinese food for me!"                                     "I would give this 5 stars if it weren't for the price                                      versus the quantity."Service here was great, food was overall good quality and yummy.  I thought the seafood (panang curry) was overpriced and under quantitied with 3 shrimp and 3 large scallops and steamed rice for *drum roll* $16.95.
4	It took six months, but finding good Thai food in Az has finally happened.  We'd heard about this place from my sister-in-law who has been to Thailand and the week long build-up did not disappoint.  Wow.  The flavors were perfectly blended.  Real Thai!  The two of us ordered the Tom Yum Goong soup (1 star - spice level, not rating), the Massaman Curry (1 star), a deep fried fish dish whose name I do not recall (3 stars), and the vegetable fried rice with requested pineapple and tomato added (1 star).  We ate every last bite.  I cannot begin to tell you how thrilled we are to have such good Thai right down the road.
4	You won't find better Thai food in Phoenix.  I've never been disappointed, the service is great, the drinks are delicious.  Also!  They have Jolly Ranchers at the cash register.  Yes!Very well priced.
4	I went here on a recommendation of a friend during a visit to AZ and really enjoyed everything.  My personal favorite was the Tom Yum Gai soup.  Its the tomato based more traditional version, but packed full of flavor.  I also enjoyed the Chili Mint leaves with Chicken.....this was very flavorful as well.I thought about going there the next day too, but ran out of time.  I'll definitely head there again next year.
4	Oh so good, so so good. I've been looking for good Thai food ever since traveling through Thailand last year. This place really hit the mark.The Laarb was fantastic and quite spicy, just the way it should be. It was presented really beautifully with cabbage leaves and sprigs of mint leaves. I ordered the Red Curry with mixed vegetables and shrimp. Yum. Shrimp were cooked perfectly and the curry was delicious.Mangoes and sticky rice for dessert too. I can't wait to go back.
4	This is my new favorite Thai spot. Ambiance is good, much better than any other E. Valley Thai spot, the service is prompt and very friendly.  We spent about 15 minutes after our meal chatting it up with the owner.  They really make you feel welcome.The food is excellent. I love Thai food due to the complex flavors that they use in their dishes.  Sweet, savory, spicy, vinegary all come together in a wonderful way.  Mint Thai's flavors are superior and the way their dishes are presented just adds to the eating experience.I had their Laarb (excellent), Shrimp Red Curry (excellent), Spicy Fried Rice (average... not flavorful), and Mango with Sticky Rice (excellent).  I gave them a pass on the Spicy Fried Rice.  For me, it wasn't flavorful enough.... I should have just splashed some fish sauce on it.  Their other dishes were so good and so much better than other places they still get a 4-star review, even with average fried rice.  I just won't order the Spicy Rice next time.
4	Deeeelicious! We've tried all the curries (hooray green!). For dessert, the sticky fwied wice is fantastic!
4	Finally....I found good Thai food in the valley.  In the mood for Thai and not ready to go to the same bland places I've been to, I reached out to Yelp yesterday and found Mint Thai.  Although the construction on the 101 made getting there tough, it was well worth the drive!When the 4 of us arrived, we were a little nervous. 7:15pm on a Saturday night there were only 2 cars in the parking lot. Once we got inside, we started to feel a little better as the Thai host greeted us. The decor was pretty common Thai...seemed dated but comfortable. To start, we ordered some Tom Yum and  Tom Ka, both traditional and tasty, although we agreed that the Tom Ka was a bit richer in flavor.For dinner, we ordered 4 dishes and all got thumbs up!Gang Kew Wan....or Green Curry with Chicken...DEEEElicious. The peas, the basil, and the curry had great flavor.  We had ordered it medium and I think I would have preferred it Hot...but was able to spice it up with a little chili powder provided on the table. Eggplant Pad Prik- eggplant, spicy garlic sauce and basil. Awesome flavors and balanceLard Na w/ Beef- The noodles had great consistency, the beef and broccoli great flavor. The gravy was good but a little thinner than I've had in the past making it seem a little watery. The dish needed a little more heat but was still really good.Pad Thai- Should be staple at any Thai place and Mint Thai's did not disappoint. Lots of layers and flavors. Sweet but not too sweet. Good size portion, lots of sprouts and onions and ample chopped peanuts on the side to mix in. Really good.If looking for good Thai food without the need for a great deal of ambience and don't mind the strip mall idea, you should definitely check our Mint Thai!
4	Service great,  decor a step above the Valley norm and presentation make this one of the best all round Thai meals I've had in the region. Thai hot? Sorry but Touch of Thai and The Thai house  in the north  and the north west of Phoenix respectively equal them and I had stressed me craving/ need/ addiction to experience such. I.E.,That's why I was at a Thai place to begin with since Indian eateries appear to have conceded their heat advantage to pander to local tastes.. It tasted really good though and only decorum , and a wife that would have stabbed me for doing this, prevented me from licking out the bowl:) The ginger dish that my partner had was very very  light in the ginger department but was pretty good otherwise and everything was as fresh as I've seen within the valley.So is it worth a 30 mile drive on a regular basis? Not based on this single experience but it's good enough to  my Thai go to when in the region.
2	I picked up some takeout here this evening.  I wondered if I had gone to a totally different restaurant than the 4 star Mint Thai I had visited several months ago.On the one hand maybe they are having an off night.On the other hand maybe they have dropped significantly in quality since my first dining experience.If you would kindly lend me yet another hand, I have run across restaurants where the take out food is like a totally different restaurant.  Maybe Mint Thai is one of those places.There is a trend down and to the right in the reviews...
1	This Thai place used to be my favorite thai in the valley until it changed ownership. After the it went down the drain. I used to give it 5 stars. The old owner opened up Bola Thai in Mesa which is my new fav!
5	I love the Mint Thai. I have always gotten the same meal there- the Golden Nests for appetizers and Green Curry Chicken for my meal -and I have never been disappointed! So delicious!
4	There may be better Thai food out there but I haven't found it. I really like Thai food so I've been to Basil Thai, Benjarong Thai, Thai Elephant, Thai Rama, Papaya Thai, Mike's Thai, and Pink Pepper Thai among others and always end up walking away thinking "not as good as Mint Thai". The curries at Mint Thai all have a nice balance of flavors and heat and the spicy peanutty sauce in the Rama Beef here is more substantial and has a creamier consistency than other places which I personally prefer. I've tried several dishes here and you really can't go wrong because even those that may not be favorites are always well executed. I have had better Pad Thai but honestly its not what I usually order here anyway, and I agree that there is definitely something lost in the take-out here (not sure why as the leftovers- if there are any- are always yummy). For dessert- the creamy coolness of the coconut ice cream with the sweet warmth of the mango sticky rice is a luscious combination.
2	So we've gone back several times since our original review. Things seem to have gone downhill. Last time, one of the plates that came out looked, smelled, and tasted like wet hay. Ew! 4 stars seems to be in the range of 1/2 star--no heat!Potatoes tasted funky in the yellow curry too.Not too sure what's going on here, but we're on the prowl for a new Thai restaurant.
1	I hear this place used to be wonderful, and wished I had visited it then. Last week when I went  I found everything oily & flavorless.My Pad Thai was grotesque - it tasted like they substituted vegetables for lard. As it sat uneaten it congealed into into a solid block.  I'm health conscious, so this is definitely off my list.
4	What can I say about Mint Thai? This is definitely one of my favorite Thai food restaurants in the Phoenix area. I little family run place with affordable prices and very good food! This is where I first fell in love with Mussaman Curry! They make a great one here with potatoes, shredded beef, peanuts and onions! The appetizers are really good as well my favorites being peanut satay and their spring rolls! The Thai Iced Tea is about three sizes bigger than most places. They don't skimp on portions here! I'm a fan for sure!
5	I really enjoyed this place. You get some great Thai food with fresh ingredients for a great price. One of the ladies that runs the place was very friendly. Her personality made the meal all the more enjoyable. I'll be coming back.
3	I've been going to Mint Thai for over 10 years.  The food has gone up and down over that time, but it's been pretty good throughout.  The service is always good, and it's a pretty kid friendly place.Since discovering Latitude 8 in downtown Chandler, we don't go to Mint Thai as much anymore, but we still go by every once in a while.
2	this place was so so.  we went on easter they were not busy at all but the service was awful.  they were slow and the food wasn't that good.
4	I have tried many different Thai places in the East Valley and this has been my tride and true. I am consistently pleased with the food and the staff! The atmosphere is nice and makes dining there a joy. I encourage anyone to try the Thai Custard dessert. Its my favorite!
4	I wrote a review under another account, but this one is mainly for restaurants. Just went to Mint Thai again recently...I have been going there for more than 20 years and have even been to Thailand (so I think I know a thing or two about Thai food)...this place is one of my favorites! Mint Thai is a bit of a "whole-in-the-wall," but the food is great at a good value.  I love the Pumpkin Curry with chicken.  The homemade coconut ice cream is a must for dessert.
4	This was the first Thai I have had and it did not disappoint.I went to Mint Thai with my in-laws, who love the place, so I had high expectations. It's a nice restaurant, with ample seating, and a good atmosphere. The menu can be a little intimidating. Each dish is numbered, named, and has a description, and there are something like 70+ dishes to choose from, plus spiciness options, so it can be kind of hard especially for a newbie.I picked something in the 60s with chicken and red curry. It was really delicious, with unique flavors and a good spiciness. My only difficulty was that my food was basically swimming in the sauce. I ended up packing some up to take home, and ended up with a plate still full of sauce.Other than that, this place was delicious. If only it weren't so far away, so I could try more of their options.
3	I ordered the green curry which was very tasty, the ambience was a little dark and stuffy. The food was OK not fantastic, just ok. The price and the food went hand in hand. You def get what you pay for...and everything is pretty resonably priced.
3	The location was great for us, since it was really close to our house. However, the food wasn't the best or worst of all Thai places we've eaten. They were really nice to us and the service was excellent, but that may be due to the fact that there were no other customers. They were able to adjust the food spicy-ness for us, and it was definitely a 12 on the 10 point scale they give for spicy-ness.    Our only complaint is for the saucy-ness of the pad tai which was waay too saucy. And the Thai ice tea which was waay too sweet and syrupy tasting.
5	Awesome Thai, I love the mussaman chicken curry.
5	This place is always a must stop whenever I'm in Phoenix. I love panang curry, and theirs is my gold reference standard. Just thinking about it has me salivating and wishing I had smuggled a couple of bottles of it back home. I couldn't even begin to count the number of Thai places that I've eaten at, and only a handful come remotely close to doing it this well. Their garlic shrimp is outstanding as well. I need to stop thinking about this right now...
4	I loved it. The place was quiet, so we got good service, the lady was super friendly. We had all kinds of curry, and they were excellent.Don't know about the rest of the menu, but the curries were great. We also had desert some kind of ice cream and that was also good. We will definitely go back.
5	There are many different Thai restaurants around the Phoenix Valley that serve red curry, but I have found none that can match the authenticity of Mint Thai. Mint Thai brings the culture, tastes, and ingredients of Thailand right to our community.  The most important part of a Thai meal, especially red curry is that it is authentic. There are four main reasons why Mint Thai has the most authentic red curry. It can almost be considered as common sense, but it is crucial to the red curry that the ingredients are fresh and imported from Thailand. When you are cooking other types of food, this may not seem as important but with red curry there are a lot of herbs and other ingredients that simply cannot be produced correctly here in America. If they do make it here, it will not be the right flavor to give you the true Thai taste. The red curry paste is specific to Thailand. The spices used in the Thai red curry paste are not the same as other places. Another ingredient, the fish oil is made in Thailand. The fish used has to be caught in the country of Thailand to get the distinct fish that is used there. Different countries make fish oil with their own type of fish causing the taste to vary. The fish go through a fragmenting process and the juices are pressed out of it after a few weeks. All the ingredients used by Mint Thai are from the native country of Thailand and are added to the dish in the proper order to make the perfect dish.  Another thing that Mint Thai does precisely is the way that they use the ingredients that they buy in their red curry.  The order that is used when adding ingredients is critical. For example, contrary to making vegetable stew, where you can add all your ingredients at the same time and throw it in the crock pot or on the stove, and come back to it at a later time, Thai Red Curry must be constantly watched over and made in a particular order. Straying from this order will cause the red curry to not be authentic and taste differently.  So far, I've spoken of things that are important in order to get the taste of the red curry that you are looking for. Now I want to tough on how Mint Thai adds its own personal touch in order to make your experience while dinning and eating red curry feel authentic. The red curry is presented in such a way as you would find in Thailand. The food is always the right temperature and served with white rice. The staffs at Mint Thai are mostly all from the native country of Thailand. Hearing them speak to each other in the Thai language completes the experience. The decorations inside the restaurant are also very traditional Thai. It is complete with a picture of the King and Queen of Thailand, who are very highly respected and loved in Thailand.   Mint Thai gives dinning out for red curry the complete authentic experience. They are friendly and welcoming and the food is also fresh and delicious! The price is very reasonable and eating red curry there is one purchased meal you will not regret.
1	Around Thanksgiving, we went to Mint Thai for lunch (it being our usual thai lunch spot). What a mess. The food wasn't tasty when it arrived - and it had taken forever to get the attention of the waitress for anything. In the end, out of a party of 4, only 1 of us had received what we ordered, 1 of us was violently ill (and remained so for DAYS - having to visit the doctor, etc), 2 of us felt moderately ill later, and only one of us felt ok. Such a disappointment.
4	The best Green curry chicken I have had in a long time. Not much for ambiance, but it's a great take out place. They are very accomadating to special dietary needs and have really good brown rice-upon request and will even add tofu to various dishes. I prefer to NOT eat in, as the staff is very difficult to understand and a bit too chatty! If it was located in a nicer building and had better ambiance, I'd give it a 5.
2	Way too long to get food.  Food was great just too long to wait.
3	I havn't quite gotten into Thai food so that is why I am listing this as A Ok as the food was just ok in my opinion. For someone that loves Thai food though, this might be a terrific place. I had the yellow chicken curry with rice and my friend had the red chicken curry with rice. Both were ok but I liked the red better. They were served with some kind of soup which was not memorable for me. Probably a place worth giving a try if you like Thai. The atmosphere was a bit dark and old. I don't remember the pricing being bad either.
4	I like this thai restaurant a lot for their pad thai.  Very flavorful.  Consistently good service.
3	I went to this restaurant on the advice of a neighbor & I was pleasantly surprised. It was really good food. Haven't been back since, but that is only because of the price. A little high for my budget, but was a nice experience. The place seems like a dump when you walk in, but the food is actually quite good. I'd go back if I had an extra $40-$50 for 2 people to eat dinner.
3	We've been here a few times. They don't make my Thai hot quite as hot as it is at Swadee but it's still very good. The service is hit or miss, though. Sometimes it's spot on, sometimes it's not. Last time we were here we waited a long time to be served and our one friend's order was wrong. The food, though, is very good. I enjoy their panang curry and their nam sod. The nam sod is very good with a lot of ginger. I actually like the flavor of it better here than at Swadee but the heat is better at Swadee. They have a lot of vegetarian options which is nice and the portions are ample and good prices. I can always get a few meals out of one of their dishes so that's a good thing. So, service isn't stellar, food is good, prices and portions are good so it's a regular for us.
1	I am sorry to have to give this place a bad review but my experience last night was pretty bad.I ordered food to go, it cost me around $11 bucks for a plate.  I ordered cashew chicken and got 4/5 hot.I get the food home and was starving at this point.  The entree was basically soup; so soupy it was very messy to eat!  Not much chicken, good degree of hotness, too many onions, and I swear there were no cashews.  The white rice also didn't taste right to me, but that's easy to get wrong.After I ate it all I was still hungry and basically NOT very satisfied.  For $11 bucks I would have done better to eat panda express if I was craving some sort of asian.The best part?  I believe they use MSG or too much salt or something, after eating I developed a severe headache which I went to bed with.  After drinking tons of water I hoped it would be better in the morning.  I was dead wrong.  This morning I woke up with a migraine and the same salty taste in my mouth that I can't get rid of from last night; I've never been sensitive to headaches in the past but today is simply unbearable.For the money I would definitely advise avoiding this place.  Sorry Mint Thai!
3	This place needs an A/C.  I'm not going to visit this place between the months of June and August until they do.
5	All I have to say is "Spicy mint thai chicken 5 stars please" Thats what I'm talking about sucka. Not for the faint of heart this is spicy, very spicy. We get it togo at our work so I can't speak as to the service or atmosphere, but the food is damn good.
3	I've been here twice in two weeks, mainly due to convenience in errand running. I'm a creature of habit and always order Pad Se Ew at every Thai restaurant I frequent, and did no different at this restaurant (haha)! On both occasions we also ordered the Vegetable Soup. It was presented in a steel bowl type container that allows a flame to emit to keep the soup hot [I'll attempt to attach a picture to compensate for my poor description :)]. On the first occasion the soup was amazing and the Pad See Ew was just ok. On the second occasion the soup was just ok and the Pad See Ew was amazing. The atmosphere is quite casual, nothing too fancy. My first visit I was not sure whether or not to seat myself, so I just waited a while (haha). The staff is very nice, and the little boy that runs around in a Cardinals jersey is adorable!My brother really enjoys the food, so I'm sure I will be back again and I hope the soup and Pad See Ew are both amazing on the next visit!
4	I enjoy their Rama Chicken. Their peanut sauce is great. However, their service is slow. It is difficult to eat lunch their because it takes so long. If they improved their service my rating  would be 5 stars.
4	First time at the Mint Thai Cafe tonight. Service was exceptional and food was very good. Had the Pad Thai Noodles and Susan had the Rice Down Under. We both enjoyed what we had and have enough left over for tomorrow. Had to save some room to try a dessert so we gave the Sticky Rice with Mango a try. The dessert was terrific! Always like to try new things. We will likely return.
2	I went with a group of three on a Friday night around 845pm.  The first thing I hear when I get there is multiple tables complaining about the slow service.  I should have taken this as a sign. We ordered the stuffed chicken wings, fried wontons, and the Thai pork chops.  While the food wasn't anything to write home about, the service was slow, didn't provide silverware, and when we got plates they were dirty. The Thai tea was decent.
4	Decent food, pretty decent service...but it was hot in the restaurant, the medium had no spice whatsoever (although my husband appreciated that), and the service was a little slow. Maybe, if there is a next time, it will be better.
2	Sad to say I used to like this place, but had to downgrade my review. Repeated inconsistent service and food quality have made this place hit or miss. I honestly thought they must have sold the place or gone under new management, but I spoke to the owner who told me she has owned it for the last ten years. Startlingly, she told me herself a lot of the issues come from cutting corners to save money. Twice we ordered red curry to go which is extremely liquidy/almost soup like. The literally packed it in a tin foil homemade "boat" in a typical square styrofoam to-go box so of course I didn't make it back to work with it it spilling out everywhere all over the bag. When I called and spoke to her and asked get about the packaging she first said that is how they always do it. I explained to her we have ordered many times before and it has always come in a styrofoam cup with a lid and she said that they only do that for the entree not the lunch special because the cups are more expensive. I kindly tried to explain there is no way you can expect a liquid to not spill out of a box that is not sealed. Needless to say customer service was not a major concern for her. Let me add hat they also have recently raised there prices again and reduced their portion s izes. The amount of rice is only about enough for one person and they charge extra if you ask for more rice. On a good day the food has lots of flavor and is well prepared which is why I still gave it any stars at all.
3	I haven't been here in years, and I remember it being better. I had the Yellow Curry and it was a bit too soupy for my taste. Daughter did like the dumplings, and husband enjoyed the Pad Thai. It really was just so-so though. Service was good, but that was only because we were in there with 2 other parties.
2	So I would rate this place better but I just can't get past the service... I can only hope you don't get the server I seem to get every time I go in... Even Togo she is so crazy... She can't speak english or understand and then it just gets more crazy as the night go's bye...... The Pumpkin Curry is wonderfull... The Museman Curry is good as well... don't get the yellow curry no goods!
5	This place has the best Thai food in the East Valley. Their Pad Thai is outstanding. One of their waitresses is a little crazy and you can't really understand anything she says, but hey, at least you know it's authentic Thai. :) My only complaint is that they don't have crab wontons on their appetizer menu!
5	One of my favorite Thai restaurants around town. Their Pad Thai is excellent, decent portion size - my boyfrined love this dish called The Siamese Twins - chicken and shrimp dish with bamboo in a green curry sauce - YUMMY!It is kind of located in an awkward location - but don't let that discourage you. Definitely a great place to go when you are craving Thai!
5	Unbelievable Thai food.  We are picky about Thai but this moved to the top of our list. We found it on the way to Trader Joe's, which is nearby.  My wife and I had the red and green curry and both were fantastic.  Mine was with chicken and she had the green curry with veggies.  Wonton soup and "chubby dumplings" which are like pot stickers.  The portions were large.  I am a big guy with an even bigger appetite and we took food home.  Everything was great, the service was perfect and we will surely be going back soon.  If you like Thai, you need to give this place a try to see if you like it as much as we did.
4	Very good Thai. Had the spicy chicken cashew, and it was really, really good. Great flavor...just thought the portion was a little bit too small, as I was definitely wanting more!Also had the "Siamese Twins" of Chicken & Seafood, along with bamboo shoots & green beans in green curry, and would definitely recommend this dish. Server/staff was humorous and amusing throughout the meal, and added to the peculiar ambiance of this restaurantGreat restaurant
4	Been here twice for dinner. Excellent food and wonderful service by some very nice folks
5	Once I discovered Mint Thai I quit Chinese food - that was 20 years ago. While the lunch special is a great deal, your best bet is to come in a large group and share a big mess family style with some dishes spicy and some not. Curries! The Gang Ped (Red Curry) is bold and straightforward while the Pineapple Curry (also red) is a good combination of spicy and sweet (I recommend at least 2 stars, 3+ if you can handle the heat - which is a good flavorful hot, not just brute force). Entrees: The Pad Thai is has a nice peanut flavor and is neither sticky nor chewy as at some other places. The Rama Beef is a good change up with tender beef in a peanut sauce over thin crispy noodles. Spicy Cashew is another family favorite.Lastly, the service is great and the people are extremely friendly.How good is Mint Thai? When no one in the family is available and my grandma needs a fix, she brings her cleaning lady - checkmate.
3	I went here for lunch the other day with a friend and I've heard good things about this restaurant many times. I was not disappointed, just not quite as impressed as I have been with some other local thai places. Service was not bad at all that day, but my friend let me know it can be a little slow at times. The lunch buffet was great, I think it was around seven bucks per plate and the portions were generous. I had the green curry with chicken and ordered a mild spice limit. The dish was a little bland when I got it and perhaps thats just because im not used to the spice levels in this restaurant. Other places I've ordered a 2 out of 10 and barely managed to eat it due to spiciness. Other than that the dish was good, vegetables cooked to a nice crisp, rice well cooked, chicken yummy. The tofu soup they included and the egg role weren't too bad either. Again, not super memorable but good. Maybe next time I'll try another dish and a different spice level and see if I've missed out on what everyone is loving about this place. Overall, a good solid Thai place, just not going to become one of my local favs.
5	My husband and I have been here twice and both times have had great quality food and excellent service! We have tried the Yellow Curry, Rama Beef, Larb Salad, Tom Kai soup, and for dessert we have had the Sticky Rice with custard and Stick Rice with coconut ice cream! All has be amazing! Here's a quick tip: This restaurant is perfect for a lazy afternoon meal. Don't come in and expect fast food. They cook the food in traditional methods which takes time. While there we were incredibly embarrassed by people who came in with a snippity attitude and treated the staff here poorly. Be patience and remember, you are here to experience the food and the culture. If not, than order take out!
4	Oh perfected yellow curry... I have found you!!!I will admit, upon walking into this place, my first though was, "Unmatched chairs and white lattice as decoration?" But after sitting my snobbish butt down and going over the menu, I began to warm up. They have a whole page of curry dishes. I will say again, a WHOLE PAGE of curry dishes!And on this page, I found my food holy grail. Yellow curry. So good. So good. Seriously - it was cooked exactly as my Indonesian oma would churn out of her magical kitchen. Luckily, every time I have been back, it has been w/ family who are able to order other things on the menu, as I am not. I've had the Rama Beef (courtesy of my dad), which has a thick, heavy peanut sauce that will fill you up all it's own. Highly recommend it. The chow mein with veggies (not so courteously from my sis), is amazing. Light for a noodle dish. My seven year old ordered the fried tofu (he's a freak) and LOVED it! We've had the same server every time, and I'm convinced she is pleasantly insane. Can't understand a word she says, but she gets our order right every time. It's amazing. The wontons leave a bit to be desired. They came to us flat, a bit hard and with less than half a teaspoon of filling. But seriously, by the end of the meal, I'd forgotten about them. Go here for Thai food. Seriously.
4	So happy to have found another great Thai restaurant in the east valley!   Pad see-ew was delish! My husband ordered the Siamese twins. Mmmm perfect amount of curry for a super taster (me). We had our 6 yr old son with us and he gobbled up the Pad see-ew  too. I was surprised with how quick we received our order and the portions were just the right size for a little sharing. We will definitely be back to try more entrees!
5	The food here is extremely good, and I would highly recommend it for anyone in the East Valley looking for great Thai food.  They have all the traditional stuff you'd expect, and it's prepared very well.  I particularly like their "chubby dumplings", which make a great appetizer to share.  I've been here a few times, and it's been consistently good every time.
4	Very weird service.  Good soups.  Terrible pad thai.  Delicious sticky rice with mangos.  Consistency is definitely a problem here.  Eccentricity is not.
5	I loved the peaceful environment, the food was excellent and everyone there was just casual and peaceful. One thing I liked, they don't bother you a lot while you're enjoying the cuisine which is worth every penny. Our dinner for two cost around $28 + tip. I will definitely go back here.
5	Food is amazing, service is atrocious. Definitely worth braving crappy service, one of my favorite restaurants in the valley!
4	Food was very good and it came out quickly.  Only issue was the waitress, had to ask for two menus, then we ordered two beers but only got one, then getting enough to go boxes was challenging.
5	Wonderful food and service! It was our first time eating Thai food and our server gave us wonderful recommendations. When we left she even gave us a menu to take with us and had marked the meals we had eaten along with a few others she recommended we try next visit. She was so very helpful and the food was just as impressive! It was our first time and will definitely not be our last.
5	We have had dinner here twice now and both times the food was very good as was the service. We can recommend this restaurant!
3	The food tastes all right, but I prefer Thai Rama better.  I don't think the number of times we've gone here that we've ever gotten really good service and I would have to say maybe it's on the subpar side - Service 2 star, Food 4 star, so it averages to 3 Stars.This restaurant has been around a long time, probably for over 20 years.  I think when I went with my white husband way back when, we were treated better than when I go with my Asian family.  Maybe Asians like to treat Asians poorly.  I don't know, but that's not good.We don't come here very often because who wants to feel aggravated when they eat, even if it's good food.
4	The hubby suggested this place since he knows I love my Asian food and this was his first time trying Thai food. It was a cozy place and we were greeted as soon as we walked in however there was only one other family sitting in a booth.  We already knew what we were going to order since the menu was available online.  The food arrive quickly and our waitress was attentive and friendly. The food was good but nothing spectacular.  I'd go back again though and try the curry.
2	I really enjoyed the curry here, but the service left something to be desired.  My friend and I ordered the same thing and it took about 45 minutes for us to get our food.  The waitress blamed it on the cooks, but I have a suspicion that she just forgot to put in the order.  Good for the food, just ignore the service.
4	Very good place for lunch, prices are reasonable.  Lunch is offered Mon - Sat.  We always enjoyed the food we get here.  We normally order the fried rice lunch special, a noodle dish and another entree.  Friendly staff, can be slow sometimes when the restaurant get crowded.
4	I have been here on 2 occasions and left happy both times! Last time I went here with my boyfriend and he had the pepper steak with rice we also ordered the vegetable tempura which was crispy golden and tasted fabulous! The wait staff is always super nice and attentive. I ordered the pad thia noodles with chicken with a number 3 of heat. It was spicy but amazing! This is a good find! I will be returning!!
4	Good food! Staff is normally friendly, sometimes a little slow but always a smile. They aren't huge fans of keeping the inside temperature down, so if your looking for a cool down on a summer day... Wait till late in the evening!
5	Great food!PROS--Great food, laid back atmosphere.  Price is great, and there are plenty of options on the menu.  Portions are big as well.  CONS--Close a little early, but other than that, the everything was just fine.I've been to many Thai restaurants where I live, and all are pricey and come with small portions.  Not so here.  I will be back if I'm ever in the area again.
3	This place is a nice little hidden gem in gilbert.Pros: great food and flavor! I am not a fan of super spicy food and this place is able to deliver great tasting thai food without burning your mouth off! The inside is never busy, even on a saturday night. Cons: they dont deliver and that is a real bummer. The inside is a really strange set up. There is odd placement of curtains and really bright lighting. There is also the family who probably owns it sitting around the resturant. My advice get the yellow curry and take it home and watch some netflix. Now that sounds like a good night!!
4	I really love the food here!!!Everything and anything that I have ever ordered has been amazing, but I can honestly say that my order has very rarely been exactly what I've ordered...? That's the only reason I can't give Mint Thai a full 5 stars.  The service here is terrible!!!  I am hardly ever one to complain about service, but when I do it's usually here on Yelp to help fellow members to society. Upon entering the restaurant I always have my fingers crossed that someone other then "that waitress" is working. Never fails, she's always there!!! Ugh!!! If you are just looking for great food, this is the place!!! But if you want wonderful customer service too, you are not going to find it here.
3	I just moved here from CA and was craving Thai food. I ordered the yellow curry and Thai iced tea for takeout. They told me my order would be ready in 5min.  This definitely makes me wonder how much of it was made ahead of time. For the price the quality is decent-good and the quantity is generous.
5	Excellent!  The owner's elderly mother often sits in a booth near the door and greets you with a sweet smile and a "wai".  Beautiful and oh-so charming.   And then you dine...I've grown tired of being disappointed by highly-touted Chinese restaurants in The Valley that don't stack up, so I've begun seeking out Thai restaurants instead and have found my favorite.I've dined at Mint Thai almost a dozen times without being disappointed.  I love spicy, and boy, do they know how to do spicy!  Can't think of a lunch or a dinner that wasn't perfect.
