2	I had a bridesmaid's dress altered here and was very disappointed.  It wasn't THAT complicated of an alteration either and I'm not all that picky.  The dress had a 'sash' around the waist and when I had to get the dress hemmed, in turn the 'sash' needed to be brought up so it was the same length as the dress.  Despite 2 attempts to get this point across, the alteration was never made.  Additionally, the way the 'sash' hung in the back, when the dress got taken in on the sides the first time, nothing was done to adjust the 'sash' and then I had the thing hanging way to the left, almost on my side instead of hanging straight down my back.Ok, maybe the 'sash' thing was complicated?  But beyond that issue, the hem was done terribly.  It was a tee length dress and the hem was done so poorly that it was 'bunched' weird in several locations so that it didn't lay flat.  Not to mention when I picked up the dress, there were still white fabric pencil marks all over the bottom of it where they marked the hem and never bothered to remove it when they were done.  I also specifically had to ask for the dress to be pressed when they were done.  I wouldn't have really expected to have to do this and i would not have cared that they didn't except that with the hem not done well, before pressing it it looked horrendous....at least pressing it helped to sort of make the hem lay flat.  Basically, I didn't feel like any of this was done well and even though the lady seemed a little embarrassed that her help didn't do a good job on this dress, she also didn't seem to care very much either.  She acted very annoyed that i needed additional alterations after the first attempt...when second alterations were mostly only necessary b/c of the bad job they did the first time.  Maybe this place is fine for simple stuff like hemming pants and the like, but i wouldn't trust a dress for a wedding with them again!
3	I took my wedding dress here to be altered and I thought the lady did a great job. My matron of honor also took her dress here and no problems. That was over a year ago, so who knows in a year the quality in work and customer service could have gone down.Sorry to c.b. who didn't have such a great experience with the staff or the work done.
3	If you actually go by the term "A-OK" that goes along with 3 stars on the Yelp rating system, then Alterations... is just that.  I give them a fair amount of regular business for both dry cleaning and tailoring (hey, I'm a 23 year old, trying to look like a 23 year old, in a 12 year old's body).  The actual work done is good and very standardized.  For example: I wanted a shirt taken in; it was done, and done well, but when I showed up a few hours earlier than what was listed on my ticket, they turned me away...(?)I would recommend interfacing with the men as opposed to the women (I just feel like their customer service is less rigid, more my stilo).
2	I went here to get a pair jeans shortened.  Not the biggest of tasks.  Not only was the woman working there not very polite, but they took a week for the alterations.  That seems like a pretty long time just to alter one pair of jeans.
5	I have taken multiple items here to have repaired, and they haven't ever let me down.  Don't read into the negative reviews, this place does the job correct.
2	This place is too pricey for dry cleaning - and I am never sure what I am going to end up paying.  Usually, 4 items (a mix between dress shirts, slacks, basic dresses) costs around $20 - $25 and has a three or four day turn around period.  I've also used their tailoring services to get a pair of pants hemmed and was disappointed in the outcome - they were still too long. The main selling point on this place was the location, it really is the only dry cleaners downtown. And the cute dog is fun to pet.  But, I've recently discovered another cleaners uptown who charges less than half and will have it ready for me the same day - that's worth a drive!
2	Love to support downtown area businesses but the ladies attitude who owns the place is caustic.  Too many other choices.
2	Actually this place does a great job at dry cleaning and tailoring, and you can't beat the location. They are a bit overpriced, which adds up if you have a lot of dry cleaning. My biggest complaint is that somehow, every time I go in - no matter who is working and no matter what I'm asking for - I get a boatload of attitude. I'm assuming it's a family-run operation, so maybe rudeness runs in this family? It's seriously so over the top it's ridiculous. Once i dropped by at 5:50 (they close at 6) and I got yelled at because the store was closed. Really? Lock the door if you're closed! I'm taking my business elsewhere.
2	Went to pick up my dry cleaning and was told that the delivery with my clothes had not arrived yet. The lady in the back acted as if I had been arguing with her when she said "there is nothing I can do sir!" I said, "no problem, I'll come back tomorrow." I then came back that next evening where they accidentally included someone else's clothes with my order, which I didn't notice until I had already arrived at home. I called to notify them and the same lady scolded me a bit by saying "Well...that's why we ask you to check your order so that doesn't happen!" ....So now you expect your customers to be your quality control! Seems to me that the employees should check to make sure they are not making mistakes...not the customer. It didn't help that the girl behind the counter (literally 12 inches away from me) was texting  and made me wait for a second to finish her thought before even acknowledging me!
5	This place is truly talented!! I brought in a torn jacket that was slated as irreparable by another alteration shop in Mesa. To my surprise, the kind lady inspected the jacket and indicated that it was going to take a few days but they were able to fix it.  After a week, I came in today to pick it up and was beyond impressed that the jacket looked like it had never experienced damage.Not only were they able to salvage a personal favorite item of mine, they've earned a new dry cleaning customer!I highly recommend this place for any or all alterations and dry cleaning needs!Thank you for everything!!-Landrow
2	Kind of a lame dry cleaner. I dropped off some clothing that I suspect was only pressed, rather than cleaned and pressed. Additionally, their turn-around times are not very fast.
5	Thank God for this place. Another downtown store wouldn't help me with same day alteration. This place did and saved me!
5	I brought in 3 repairs and paid 3 dollars!  Back home that would've been at least 15 bux each! So first of all they are very reasonably priced. Second of all they do a good job of dry cleaning, efficient and you can even do drive through. Finally, I had a few dresses taken in here and she did a wonderful job! Very precise and professional. Again at a reasonable price. The seamstress is great and will look for any button or other fabric that you need to make your clothing truly yours.I have already been here twice and I will be back!
