4	I've given this place several tries since they opened, and it looks like they invested a lot into renovating the new place.  They made some adjustments the first couple weeks, and now they are a great option I would recommend.Pros:Nice construction, decor and GREAT music.Friendly sushi chef and managerSushi had very elaborate plate presentationCons:Prices a bit high, but the quality is there to back it up.  (except a couple items)Service is a little scarce once you get your food, but it seems like they're working on improving that.Purchased the 10-piece sashimi, but only got 9 pieces. Conclusion:Tsuki looks nice and has potential. I highly encourage others to try it out.
3	3.5 stars. We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch and we were seated right away. The menu has all the items you expect in a Japanese restaurant  - sushi, hibachi, teriyaki, etc.  The decor is nice and modern and the service is attentive. I ordered the 10 piece sashimi lunch and an eel and avocado roll.  My hubby got the vegetable teriyaki bento box. My plate had 9 pieces of sashimi and one piece of a decorative crab stick - kinda of bummer when the menu said 10 pieces of sashimi. Other than that - we enjoyed our lunch and we'll be back.
2	This Japanese restaurant was nice, good decor and all that.  Was seated promptly as I came in for lunch and I ordered dumplings, filet habachi, and a soda.  Already my cost was nearly $20, so it's not cheap.  The dumplings were good and I got a refill or two with my soda.  The steak filet habachi could have been better though; it was more geared to be pleasing to the eye, so the platting looked nice with the funny cut orange on the side.  The sauces were difficult to manage though as two different sauces shared the same plating, so dumping the sauce on the food without spilling the other was impossible, I also had no spoon so I used the fork to best deal with it (not everyone dips).  The steak filet didn't really taste that it was of a quality filet, but no matter.  After completing my meal I was still hungry, but I dared not to order more food since my tab was already high for a lunch.  Overall, I have had better, not likely to go back.
4	Tsuki Awesome sushiI went there on Saturday for lunch. The decor is fresh and inviting. Very modern. Also family owned and operated.  Our waitress was great. we started off with there pork dumplings which are made in house. You can taste the freshness in every bite. They were also seared perfectly. I had the sushi chef just make up what he wanted for me. So I told him I wanted white tuna. He made one of the best rolls I ever had. white tuna avocado, with crunchy white tuna finished with eel sauce. can't wait to go back and try there hibachi. My wife got a salmon roll and an eel roll with avocado. The fish is very fresh. Its about time we have a sushi bar that is different and affordable.Service was great.
3	Tsuki is a solid 3.5 in my book.However, since you can't do half stars and they are pretty pricey for now they will get an A-OK 3 stars from me.Tsuki is an absolutely beautiful space! I used to work in the area and the previous restaurant that was here pails in comparison to the decor now, beautiful wall murals, leather booths and a lovely bar. It's a very nice upgrade!I met a friend for dinner and as previous reviews have stated the options here are pretty standard, sushi, sashimi, hibachi and fried rice.For starters, we went with the edamame. I was not a fan. They were a little tough and not seasoned to my liking. Which was a real bummer, because I absolutely love this dish. For my meal, I went with the Rock 'N Roll. This is one of there cooked rolls with crab, tempura shrimp, avocado & cream cheese. It was really good. I loved the eel sauce and the freshness of the roll. I would definitely order it again and recommend it to anyone. My friend got the chicken hibachi, it was SO much food! It came with soup and salad, a huge portion of fried rice, veggies and chicken. It was very tasty! But you will definitely have leftovers! Service was great as well. So I  look forward to coming back, there are a few more rolls I'm really looking forward to trying. And if you want to be surprised, the chef will create any kind of roll you want!
1	I actually ate there about a month ago.  But I didn't want to post because I don't like posting when I'm mad.We were really excited to try this place since our favorite sushi place recently closed.  But the whole experience was a train wreck.My wife has allergies to pickled ginger, so we have to let servers know about it.  Of course the plate shows up with picked ginger on it.Then the sushi tasted off.  We didn't like it.  We didn't want to make a big deal.  We just wanted the check so we could go find some food we could actually eat.  So we asked for the check and let them know we didn't want a box.That's when it really went badly.  They sent no less than four people to grill us about why we didn't enjoy their food.  I just wanted to pay the check and leave...not be held hostage while they refused to bring me back my credit card.  So finally I called out that if they didn't bring my card back, I'd just call it in as stolen.  All I wanted, was to leave.  Now I hope their business fails and they go into debt over it.  Few places manage to piss me off so completely.And if they actually read Yelp reviews, I have one final message.  If someone refuses to shake your hand, you probably should get out of his face and let him leave.
3	I used to work in the Toringdon shopping center and would often take advantage of Tsuki's "Lunch Bento Box" special. As a vegetarian, I would order the teriyaki veggie option. For less than $9 you get rice, teriyaki vegetables, tempura (deep-friend) vegetables, 4-5 pieces of (basic) sushi, and your choice of soup or salad. It's a great lunch deal and I would usually have left-overs afterwards.The inside is clean, trendy and quite nice. It seems like it would be a fun place for a date night, or a girls' night out. They have a pretty large bar area, too. The staff are friendly and helpful.I didn't give it four stars because I have gotten the veggie lunch bento box several times, and the quality has not been consistent. Some have been absolutely amazing, others have been sub-par, and some have just been average. Please try to be consistent, guys! I want to love you!
1	Food was 4 stars. Rating is because hibachi chef dropped his flipper/spatula and tried to continue using it until I literally told him no. He then proceeded to rinse it off in the side sink (no soap) and cook with it. When we went the sanitation rating wasn't great, maybe we saw why. The hibachi fried rice was awesome in spite  of above.
4	We went here for my wife's birthday dinner after seeing a coupon in the Clipper.  The place is very nice and modern with one side being a bar and dining tables and the other side having three large hibachi tables.  The service was very good, the food was good, and the sushi was good.  They also give you a free fried cheesecake on your birthday which was very nice.  I'd say the place is nicer and cleaner than most hibachi places in Charlotte even if it is a little smaller.  The prices are about the same as the other places too.
3	Tsuki is beautiful on the inside.   The sushi is pretty good - nothing that is out of this world of very impressive.  The staff is always very friendly, and they're usually pretty quick.  It could be cheap (for just a roll or apps)  or be very expensive - it's up to you.  The menu is very large, so I usually have a hard time focusing on what I want to eat - especially if I want to try something new.It's nothing special, but for the price, and proximity to home, I'm pleased.
5	I'm not really sure if some of the other reviewers ate at the same place that I did but I think Tsuki is great. The sushi is good, fresh and well priced. the hibachi is very tasty. the people are nice and welcoming and genuinely happy to see you. I've eaten here several times and plan to keep going. The 20% off they offer on dinners over $25 is a really great deal.
2	I took my wife and two little boys to Tsuki last night to give it a try (and to avoid the traffic getting to our usual hibachi favorite). I doubt we'll be back. First the good: as others have noted, it is clean and modern inside, giving the place a nice atmosphere. The portions are generous, and the staff was friendly and service was prompt.Now for the problems. We sit down at the hibachi area. The chairs are about 3 inches too low for the table so you feel like you are reaching up the entire time. We had to get a booster for my youngest (who never otherwise needs one). Then they start cranking out pulsing techno full blast; this is at 5:30pm on a weeknight. Soup and salad is served. The salad was decent, the "miso soup" was basically broth with what looked and tasted like a few crumbles of French's fried onions in it. Not good. The hibachi chef arrives and greets us and confirms our orders. I notice he seems to be slurring a little bit. My suspicions are confirmed when he misses many of his tricks and other erratic behavior--the guy is pretty clearly loaded. Not a good idea when you are dealing with flames, knives, and young children. The food gets finished and served; nice sized portions as I noted. Quality wise, it is decidedly average compared to some other Japanese steakhouses in the area. Then the bill arrives. 2 adult hibachi chicken dishes, 1 kid's hibachi, some crab nigiri for my youngest, and a couple of drinks comes to $90 + tip. There are much better places in the area for quality and value...and chefs that aren't tanked.
3	Quiet little spot tucked away in the Earth Fare shopping center, away from all the other Ballantyne eateries. Came here for a quick lunch with my friend to celebrate his last day at his now old job. They have a filling yet ordinary bento box lunch special for $8.95 (shrimp teriyaki) that includes 6 decent size shrimps, rice, 4 rolls of California Roll, veggies tempura and a choice of soup/salad. Their sushi were reasonably priced (spider roll $7.50 and crispy spicy tuna roll $6.95) and ok in size, perfect for lunch.Service was ok, took awhile to get food when the place was empty.I hope it was due to day after Thanksgiving or I am afraid for their survival. Overall a decent sushi spot for lunch down in that area when you have extra time on hand.
4	I passed this spot as I was heading to a different Thai/sushi place for lunch. When, thanks to a red light, I quick googled this place and realized their lunch special was .50 cheaper than the other place (8.50 for two rolls and soup/salad compared to 9.00). So I made the left instead of going straight. I was seated immediately in a quiet, quaint strip mall gem and asked what I wanted to drink. The servers were quite nice and never rushed me through anything. Everything that came out was fresh and tasty. I enjoyed everything, miso soup, spring rolls, spicy tuna roll and a boston roll. I will say that the filling inside the spring roll was a little thin compared to other places I've had them at, but that would be my only, trivial complaint. So why the four stars and not five? There wasn't anything here that blew me out of the water, but all in all, it is a solid sushi place in the area.
5	Great Japanese restaurant with incredibly great tasting Sushi.  So a good friend recommended this place and instead of going to the same ol' Jade that has eye candy male servers for women and no room at the bar for a solo guy, I opted to come here.  Boy did I make the right move. I walked in and instantly got greeted by a few staff.  The place was 40% full at 8:30 on Saturday.  Of course I was a little hesitant to continue my experience but thought let me just try some place new and see what my friend keeps raving about.  I sat at the bar and instead of the conventional pencil and paper to pick my sushi, they gave me an actual 5 page menu.  They offer more then sushi, they actually have a different area for hibachi.   I ordered the seaweed salad, super spicy tuna, and the whitetail sushimi.   I hate seaweed but my girlfriend always tells me to eat it since it's so healthy for you.   Let me tell you the portion was perfect, and the taste....  Awesome!   Not fishy, it was actually a great taste. The whitetail blew me away.  A nice big piece that was a little hard to handle with my chopsticks, but the taste was mind blowing!   Is this what real sushi taste like?   Have we been dubbed by too much aioli sauce and American Mayo flavor at these other sushi restaurants?   The super tuna roll was awesome great.  I wasn't expected fried panco bread crumbs on top but I'll exclude it next time.  The verdict; my go-to sushi place in Ballantyne and South Charlotte.  The ambience is great to take my girlfriend, the staff were super friendly, and the food was perfect.   The only thing that stands out is that I asked for a kettle one and water and she skipped the water.  Hey, these guys are not bartenders, they are incredible Sushi makers.   I'll order Saki next time.  Thanks guys, you  gained a new regular client.
4	After buying a Living Social deal for $30 my husband and I were excited to try out a new Japanese place close by. Located in Toringdon shopping center (with the Earth Fare), we stopped in on a rainy Friday around 5:30 for dinner. We were immediately seated at a cook top table by ourselves, with only one other couple there with their baby. I thought they might have only had one cook there because as soon as he was done cooking their food he came over to our table and cooked ours. It's a hibachi restaurant so they cook in front of you for dinner. I think for lunch it's more of a sushi place. You can still order hibachi, but the show is not included. We both ordered the Chicken Hibachi, which comes with clear soup, a salad, shrimp appetizer, hibachi chicken, vegetables (zucchini, mushrooms, onions, carrots), and both fried rice, and noodles. So much food for $15.95. They also have a good selection of beers. The food was very good, although the "show" wasn't much of a show. It was like watching someone cook normally on a flat top grill. The highlight being the onion volcano, which the cook had a hard time with... maybe he's new. They actually did have another cook there, who cooked the next couple who came in. He flipped around the spatulas, there was fire, kind of what you expect when you come to these places. So just be aware, it could be hit or miss. The amount of food, +the prices, which are pretty reasonable, after our deal + tip we only paid about $14 out of pocket. A nice date night.
5	A wonderful experience.  Sushi just the right temperature, presentation awesome.  Prompt, polite service.  2 thumbs up
4	I went here to get some quick lunch. The sushi was delicious and the service was fast. They don't have a real hostess so other customers were standing there confused. I think they should provide napkins for to go. But overall I'll return again.
3	It's an adequate hibachi place, but the prices are high in my opinion for what you get.  I had a Living Social coupon, but I don't think I would eat here again without a coupon.  The steak and shrimp hibachi combo, for example, is $24.  Also, the menu states you are supposed to get a "shrimp appetizer" and we did not receive this.Food quality was very good.  The hibachi/"show" part was so-so.  Service was ok.
3	The sushi here is decent, nothing overly great or spectacular. The hibachi dinner was okay - salmon tasted so fresh, pretty bland though. Everyone was very friendly, though the service was not great. Did not get one water refill while we were eating dinner. Wouldn't come here for the hibachi show, they don't have many hibachi tables. Overall, it was an okay dinner but we won't be returning. If their prices were lower, maybe but for the same amount of money, I'd much rather go to Kabuto or somewhere. Oh, but they did have a nice atmosphere, nice sushi bar with televisions.
2	Found decent reviews for this place and decided to bring a group there for my husband's birthday. My first clue should have been that they had no problem accommodating a reservation at any time in a Friday night. When we inquired about sake bombs the waitress actually looked like she was disappointed in us and said we weren't allowed to bang on the table. Also, no attempt at any birthday celebration post- meal was made.The prices were high for what was just ok.The chef was actually creepy and was clearly making fun of us.The decor was nonexistent. If you're looking to celebrate this is not your place!
4	Just ate a very entertaining dinner here!  The chef made it a fun evening!  The food was tasty and the service was good.
5	I very much enjoy the whole package at Tsuki ... The food is terrific and the service is pleasant and the decor is clean and tasteful.They have the best sushi that I have come across in Charlotte. Artful, fresh and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.Bento boxes are plentiful with all sorts of taste treats.We usually go for lunch but recently we had dinner there and tried out the hibachi side of the restaurant. That was also a great experience and delicious food. I really do enjoy sitting flame-side and having the chef do all that fast stuff with the knives. Fun stuff. However, be forewarned, you have to know what you're going to do when you come in the door. Turn right and get seated at the normal restaurant tables and order off the extensive menu. Turn left and get seated at the hibachi tables and the chef will cook for you stage center.The food is spectacular but the wine list and the bar drinks are quite average (at best). So plan accordingly if you want to enjoy any alcohol ...
4	Great sushi rolls and roll selection. Staff is always fast and polite. Great for lunch or a week night sushi dinner.
3	I went here with A $30 Groupon.  It just happened to be on half price wine night, which seemed to be a nice added bonus, since alcohol is not included in the Groupon anyway!  No go.  They said we couldn't have them both.  It was either/or.  We went to have sushi.  It was decent sushi, our server was fine, I didn't get upset at him because it wasn't his rule, but for a first time, and seemingly this place doesn't seem to be that busy and is competing with the well known Nakato and Kabuto just minutes down the street, I would think that they would try to be accommodating to ensure that they get repeat business and positive recommendations.  That isn't the case.  I will not be back on account of the fact that we left on a negative note, and their sushi is not any different or better than the 5-6 places nearby that I'm familiar with already.  It didn't wow me so, their loss because I am a frequent sushi eater and I would have been a great person to win over to be a regular.  I'm right down the street and it is convenient.  My old trusty yummy sushi places... I'm still yours
4	Very pleasantly surprised.  Green curry was fantastic!  Excellent appetizer of lobster salad wrapped in avocado....hope they make this again.  Yummy!!!!!!
4	I enjoyed my experience here overall and would definitely visit them again!The roll we ordered was very tasty along with the tofu pad thai. Portions are very generous and service was excellent.
