4	My NYC gateway staple.  Seeing as I am in NY so much, I take Badger Bus from Madison's Memorial Union to Mitchell airport b/c I can usually fly from MKE to LGA for around $187...  (When my schedule allows me to travel I can never seem to find a decent flight out of MSN for under $300...  Ugh!)I've been taking BB for almost 15 yrs now and it's always been clean, drivers respectful and on-time even in these Wisconsin winters and summer construction.OW (one way) from Madison's Memorial Union to Mitchell airport is $22 but, if you buy it online at least 90 mins in advance the ticket's only $20.50.I like it; it's simple in a complicated world.  Ride.  Relax.  ...and reap the benefits of the trip.Spankii Yum-Yum has spoken.
1	Left me stranded in Minneapolis because they partner with Jefferson Lines except for employees at Badger and Jefferson Lines don't know about the partnership and don't tell you about it.  Use MegaBus.  They have better customer service and won't leave you stranded.
4	A reliable and reasonable way to travel between Madison and Milwaukee.
4	The bus was on time coming and going from Milwaukee and the the wifi was good enough to run youtube on my tablet.  For $20 this is a good alternative to get over to Milwaukee if it is for the airport or for other purposes. I will be using this service again.
4	A new, clean bus in front of Chazen museum picked me up after I booked and paid online.Staff are helpful and friendly.I felt bad for our driver today who had probably had so much of that big gulp soda that he was feeling yawny but we did make it just fine.For the $22 price it is a carefree way to get to downtown Milwaukee, Johnson Creek, or Mitchell Airport.
2	The one way they are an improvement over Megabus is that they are on time.  That's about it.  The wi-fi doesn't work most of the time and the filters are set to an absurdly high level.  You can't connect to facebook or Amazon on their network because of the settings.  It's the usual mixed bag of passengers you get.  There have been several trips where one or more passengers has been extremely disruptive and the driver didn't do anything to make the trip more pleasant for the other 40 passengers.  I don't think that $23 from Madison to Milwaukee is a great bargain considering all the stops that are on the route.  Those stops add at least 15 minutes to the trip.  If it were directly from Madison to Mitchell airport, then it would be a great deal, but not if you have to make stops in Johnson Creek and a couple other places in Milwaukee.  It's the only option to get from Madison to Milwaukee if you don't want to drive, because their is no Amtrak route as an option.
