2	Horrendously overpriced. ~$13 for an xlarge 2 topping that I had to bake myself? The pizza itself was better than average, but if you don't bake on location then at least make it cheaper than going to pizza hut and having it delivered to my door, ready to eat.I'm glad I had the experience, but I don't see where the benefit to this is, at all. It isn't more cost-effective than going to the grocery for frozen pizza, and it isn't that much better than frozen.On the plus side, the gal at the counter that made my pizzas was very nice, but it's a shame I don't see this kind of business surviving. I probably won't return, I am pretty disappointed.
5	Surprisingly good pizza!
5	We've purchased take and bake pizza from here twice. Both times we got a Lighter Garden Vegetable and another large (cheese & black olive, for the kid). I have to say the Lighter Garden Vegetable pizza is delicious!  It's on a nice thin crust, creamy sauce, sun dried tomatoes, spinach, artichokes, etc! It is so good. The other pizza we got was also thin crust, delicious as well. The crust reminds me of Zpizza, which I love, but the one at Metrocenter closed. I love having pizza without all the grease! To those that balk at the price - look for a special. I've used Groupon Now twice. Great deal.Friendly staff, prompt service. I really like Pizza Fresh.
4	tried this pizza w/a Groupon and were pretty happy with the experience. we ordered a family size meat lovers w/side salad and wings. the salad was great even though they forgot to give us the dressing. wings were cooked right as instructed on the container. the problem came with the pizza--we had a couple scares w/the flimsy wrapper & tray and we had to cook the pizza longer than instructed. next time, we may opt to cook it directly on our own pizza tray to avoid the same problem. Other than that, everything tasted great and will probably come back if I find myself out of time to cook dinner
1	Went due to a Groupon we bought, SORRY will never go back! We both got sick not long after we ate, ordered chopped garlic as additional item the guy put a scoop in the center of both pizzas, didn't even spread it out? I see now why the place is never busy when I drive by. Papa Murphy's MUCH BETTER!
4	Pretty hard to find fault with a fresh, hand-tossed pizza, topped with quality sauce, ingredients, with great selection, friendly, helpful staff (who I now have seen repeatedly and they REMEMBER me!)....and after Groupon, total spend is $12 for 2 large pizzas that I bake to my liking at home.I keep saying even w/o the Groupon I would come here, but I think now I have done 4 Groupons...I am addicted!
1	The pizza is over priced and is very average - you can compare it to store brand frozen pizza (although I would grab a DiGiorno before I would touch this place again). Seriously, you might as well go to little Caesars down the street and get a baked pizza for $5 bucks. The quality is comparable. When you go to order your "fresh pizza" plan on staying for about 15 minutes to get it. With the wait you'd think they were baking the thing! I certainly won't be back.
3	The best thing about Pizza Fresh is the value. There is almost ALWAYS a Groupon Now for Pizza Fresh so you can get a whole bunch of food for around $10. We usually get a large pizza, an order of wings, and a salad or garlic bread.The pizza isn't as good as Papa Murphy's take n bake. I would compare their taste to those pizzas you buy from Fresh and Easy. My husband said their wings are mediocre.And if you order the salad (which is only enough to serve 2 people) make sure they give you an extra dressing packet. Our salad was very dry.Our favorite pizza is the garlic spinach. We tried something new last time, the veggie, and it just wasn't the same. Garlic spinach all the way!
1	We were disappointed in Pizza Fresh.  We ordered two pizzas - one with garlic sauce and two toppings and one with classic pizza sauce and three toppings.  Both were loaded with toppings but the crust was tasteless and soggy - never did get cooked through or crispy.  Since the directions called for 425 degree oven, the toppings were overdone while trying to get the crust to cook.  After eating a couple of pieces each we threw the rest in the trash.  I wouldn't go back even with a "daily deal" coupon.
5	Great first experience. I called on the phone and ordered a $5 large pizza. (I got a coupon in the mail) When I arrived 30 minutes later I was told about a mix up that happened so I guess they sold my pizza to someone else. But the nice lady ended up making my daughter and I a FAMILY sized pizza AND gave us cookie dough for the inconvenience. All for $5. WONDERFUL customer service. Now my daughter and I are baking our pizza. Im sure it will be DELICIOUS!
