4	i was browsing craigslist for beach cruisers and came upon this stores ad. since it's right down the street, i mosey'd on over there to check it out. it's right across 75th street from the car wash, in a store front shared by a pawn and barber shop. it's very small and i almost missed it. they've only been open about 6 weeks but i was glad i found this place. they have a decent in-store selection, but they can order, customize, and build a cruiser to what you want. i rode a few and was ready to buy the stretch cruiser, but then thought maybe my wife will look at my "christmas list" and go check them out. i hope they stick around a while. very friendly owner(s) to answer all my questions.
5	These guys offer a great selection of affordable beach cruisers for sale and $29 all day rentals. I got a flat black mid-range model with a headlight, upgraded seat, upgraded handlebars, and a really tough lock for under $400.
5	I was going on the San Tan Canal Ride but I had no bike. My friend who was going to go with me found this place to rent some bikes from but the day of the event was not feeling well. I called the shop and they had no problem changing her reservation to one person under my name. I showed up and they were very cool and laid back. I filled out the one page of paper work. Gave them my drivers license and credit card. They answered all my questions about returning the bike and if I could leave my car parked out front since the event was right down the street. The paperwork only took a few minutes. $35 to rent the bike for one day. They got a nice dark blue cruiser for me. Made sure the tires were all pumped up and ready to go and the seat was adjusted just right. The whole process didn't take that long at all and was very easy.They told me as long as I had the bike back before noon the next day that was cool. I haven't ridden a bike in like 20 years but it was very easy to get used to it once again. I had a great time at the event and the return was even easier. Just brought the bike in and dropped it off and I was on my way.If I need to rent a bike again or maybe even buy one I will definitely be back. Great service and a nice little shop.
5	My wife and I popped in here early last week to enquire about renting 2 bicycles while we were in Scottsdale on a business trip.Mike the manager was very helpful and directed us to their other location at 4436 North Miller Rd,suite 105 when he realized we wanted road bikes with gears.We basically did the deal with him and picked up the bikes at the other location.We rented the bikes for 3 days and didn't have a single problem.They even threw in front and rear lights so we could ride in the evening.
5	Went in today to get me and my husband bikes for Christmas . We browsed all the big box stores and ended up purchasing from Old Town Beach Cruisers because of the service. Mike was excellent at explaining all the differences in bikes and was very patient with all of our questions. There was never a hard sell, it felt like we were chatting with a friend about bikes. We we ended up ordering our bikes because they didn't have colors we wanted in stock and it didn't cost any extra. Can't wait to get them and look forward to doing more business with a local shop.
4	If you are looking to rent a bike, call these guys. Super flexible. I was out for Ironman and wanted to rent something to ride around the race. No way I could get it back before they closed. No biggie. Just call the owner and lock it up when you are done. So awesome. The bike wasn't a hot rod so no 5 star review, but everything else was spot on.
5	The dude who works on the Indian School location is awesome! He installed a basket and a chain on my bike for me. Great work and super friendly! I will keep going back!
5	We rented bikes for the afternoon and had a great time.  The owner was really nice and worked with us.  The shop is only a few blocks from the canal.  Nice to ride with no cars on a flat surface.
5	I have to say, this place is so convenient and has great customer service.  I've now stopped in twice and was helped out immediately. Which includes helping me lift my 65lb bike in and out of my car.  I have my own bike, but the rented bikes appear to be in good condition, and based on the service I received I would believe that they are well maintained.  They also carry a wide variety of accessories for your bike that are reasonably priced and fashionable.  This is definitely my new go-to stop for beach cruiser maintenance and bling!
5	Great customer service and well priced rentals. Good advice on trails to take and local sites to see. My buddy got a puncture (complete with sunstroke) and a member of the team came out to meet us and replace the tire.
1	Terrible!  Terrible!  After the visit to OLD TOWN BEACH CRUISERS my nice and expensive bicycle is RUINED!!!!  Bicycle WAS in PERFECT condition with the exception of a new tube prior to visit to OLD TOWN BEACH CRUISERS.  Brought my beautiful bicycle to the Indian School Road location for new tube.  After I took the bicycle for a spin, the back tire was rubbing.  I took the bicycle in to have issue repaired, NOT ONCE, NOT TWICE, BUT THREE TIMES.  I went to the Miller location at 9:00 because it showed on the website that store opened at 9:00 am.  Wrong!  Store opens at 10:00!  The man at the store identified himself as the manager.  He took the tire assembly apart and said it was the fender that was causing MY problem.  I told him I did not have a problem.  The man said in time "these things happen" with the fender rubbing and did not fix it. Bunch of bull.
4	I'm trying to contact you guys via your website but the captcha won't show up so I'm unable to send my message. Is there an e-mail address I can use instead?
1	I would give this place 0 stars. We had new tubes installed in the wheels of a jogging stroller. Within hours after leaving the shop the tires flew off with the child inside. The frame of the stroller is busted. The child was dragged along the ground and was bleeding inside his entire mouth and has a swollen face requiring a trip to the ER. The owner said he would refund the $10 installation fee! What kind of person runs a bike store but doesn't know how to put tires back on? Stay away from this place!!!
