4	I had a free certificate from a coworker that I finally put to good use.I had airplane neck syndrome-teehhhee! Ok, so here is how this place works. It is a school so do not expect resort, spoil me princess service and amenities. With that said I had better service here then I have had at one of those fancier places that will remain nameless. You go in and give your name. I had always been told you have to wait a  very longtime but I only waited 15 minutes tops. You can't beat the prices here. When you do have to pay and are not lucky enough to have a coupon or gift certificate it is only 25 dollars and they don't allow tips. This is the  most economical massage in town. Now they are students but Angie did a good job for me and was graduating in three weeks so all was well.It is a bit different from a spa, resort, or Massage Envy so heads up. You do not have your own private room. ( But you will get plenty of privacy. I did not feel this was a  problem only different then what I am used to) It is kind of like a big triage center in the Er with all the white curtains and individual room areas and such but no walls. However,  they have it set up so you are tucked into corners and do not have to worry about someone just whipping a curtain open on you.  Since you do not have your private room it is dead quiet all around you because I am assuming people do not want to talk to disturb you. Every now and then you hear whispering. It is also weird to hear the hitting of the therapists hands on the skin of people next to you not being your own-hahaha. The music is a bit to loud for my liking. I assume it is piped in for all to hear and the room is freezing. Now I know all massage rooms are always  freezing but the fancy places have warming tables. NO frills here thus the cheap price for a good massage.  I think it is worth it to come here. My neck feels a lot better. I do like a very hard massage but I wasn't sure if you could request a pressure change and to be honest I did not want to freak out the poor girl by telling her to tear up my muscles. LOL. The day I went I lucked out too. They asked for volunteers for a turnaround service massage. I did not do this but how cool was this offer.  When I went to leave the sign on the door said turn around and sign in again for another hour massage for free! They needed more clients. WOW!!!! That would have been a steal if I took advantage of that deal. They also run two for one coupons I hear form my friends. I give this place 4 stars because you will not get 100 percent spoiled like at a spa but the massage was almost equivalent to the ones I have received elsewhere and the price is a steal!
4	$12.50 for a massage!??!?!  How awesome is that? Yeah, they are students, but mine was good at what she did.  I asked her to focus on my back and neck, which she seemed to interpret to mean ignoring my arms and not having me turn over, but overall, I felt like the problems I came in with were addressed.I would go here every weekend if I lived in the armpit that is Phoenix.
4	YMMV (Your Massage May Vary) at Arizona School of Massage Therapy. Fortunately for me, my last 2 visits have resulted in a kick @$$ massage. All for the small price of $25. Sometimes you'll get a newer student masseuse who doesn't do it quite right, but a little coaching on adding more pressure should help you get your massage a bit back on track. YMMV also depending on what time of year you go. Right now, they are mostly veteran masseuses who have been doing it since August/September. Starting in March, they'll be getting a new class and the massages will get suckier. They do at least, offer buy 1 get 1 free massage coupons during the time when a new class starts, so keep an eye out for those.Overall, we love the place and get our cheapo massages here often.Note: This review is from a massage consumer perspective only, I am not reviewing the school's program itself.
4	Had the best massage with Jeremy L. Also had my first facial which was wonderful. Worth every cent!
5	$25 for a 50 minute massage- what more do you want?  Sure the massage is from a student, but they aren't allowed to accept tips.  I've been several times and I've definitely received quality massages.There are also times when the school offers 2 for 1 weekends- so it's only $12.50 for 50 minutes.  The therapists are good about asking if you'd like more or less pressure so in many ways the quality of the massage is somewhat in your hands.  I will definitely be going back!
5	I've been coming to ASMT (both Tempe and Metrocenter locations) for the past 12 years and absolutely love it!  For $25 for a 50 min. massage, it is hard to go wrong.  I usually go once every 2-3 months (double this during their end-of-semester 2 for 1) and have rarely gotten a bad massage. You just have to be very clear as to what you're needs are (pressure, problem areas, etc.)  .The only negatives that I have are that the student massage clinic is only open on the weekends on a first-come-first serve basis (during the 2-for-1 specials, wait time can be 2-3 hours!) and the large dimly-lit classrooms with curtain dividers don't drown out noises from other clients.  For a private atmosphere that does take appointments, try Carrington College (formerly Apollo College) or Arizona College (of Allied Health).
5	Nothing like getting a massage from a student who is learning and helping them out.  They have deals every now and then 2 for the price of one and their daily price is just $25.00.  Come prepared to wait though as it could be anywhere from a hr to two hrs.  My hubby has never had one and he is going this weekend. I just hope he enjoys it as much as I do.  Nice and relaxing. :)
4	Massages typically good, I buy packages of the gift certificates and get it for even less.  Some inconsistency & some masseuse's who lack skills or customer concept to make it on the outside.  Overall an excellent value 90% of the time.  Bring reading to be produdive for wait time, especially when they offer the 2:1 deals.  Worth it, very affordable way to have weekend walk-in massage.  I have been here 50 times with overall good results.  There are two locations, here in Phoenix--one in Tempe--the one I visit, and one in Phoenix just off I-17 closer to Glendale
2	I went here due to the price and word of mouth. It is walk-in only, NO APPOINTMENTS! I had to wait 90 minutes. I was not offered a choice of male or female, good thing since I don't have a preference. I told him to focus on my neck, between shoulder blades, and mostly my sciatica. He asked me how long to work on each section, what a sciatica was, and what trigger points to work on for the sciatica. He didn't use time management skills, didn't know terminology or anatomy, and fussed with the sheets and draping a lot. It took 5 tries each time he moved the sheet to get it right. After he finished, he didn't get me any water or recommend anything like stretching or aromatherapy or epsom salt baths. I would go here with caution....
3	Like others mention, the 2 for 1 deal is fantastic. Your massage experience will range depending on several factors, but please keep in mind these are students. The first, is it is good to know when a class has started. When they have a new start date, typically the students aren't really able to do sports, deep pressure massages, or work out trigger point knots. It tends to be more of the kind where its a relaxing kind. If you get it later in there class term, the massages can as good as an upscale one. Not surprising, as they are nearing graduation and will soon be fully licensed. You do not get a private room, however the area is surrounded by a hospital curtain and is pretty big. I've never been close to having anyone see me while lying there when the curtain opened to let the student in due to the way the bed had been positioned. Maybe I'm just lucky, but its never been an issue.Also, be prepared to wait on 2 for 1 weekends. Last time I went it was 2 hours. Here's an idea. Pay, ask how long it will be, let the receptionist know you're leaving and if it's an hour or so walk over to Mimi's and enjoy breakfast. (For the 2 hours wait I drive to the good egg or go to Mimi's and then a quick walk around the mall). When done just let the receptionist know when you're back. If you're back close to the wait time, usually you'll only have maybe a 5 minute wait. Just be careful if you wait outside since they won't always come go out and see if you're there.
5	Massage School haiku:my car got stolenmy car got broken intolearning was good though
4	What a deal! $12.50 for a 50 minute massage if you go on special days, or otherwise $25 for 50 minutes. The students are knowledgable and friendly. The massage rooms are partitioned by curtains, so you see no one else. I saw Doug, who was new to seeing patients, but you would not have known as he was completely professional and a great masseuse. The only downside is the wait, which can be up to 3 hours. My suggestion would be to go in the morning, put your name on the list then go get breakfast.
3	You really need to tell them EXACTLY what to do and the pressure is still crazy light. Don't go in just expecting a good massage. You'd be better off getting a groupon for a licensed therapist.
1	We showed up on Sat morning at 8:30 and were told wait was 1.5 - 2 hrs.  We went yo breakfast and came back, at 11 still waiting.  Was told another 30 mins.  we left and got our money back.  STAY AWAY IF YOU VALUE YOUR TIME.  I'd rather pay a bit more and go somewhere where you have an appt.  VERY DISSAPPOINTED!!!!!!!
