5	This place never disappoints!I have been here several times and the service is always courteous and the food is always delightful.  I've had pastas, sandwiches, soups, salads, and it is all tasty.  My most recent meal was butternut squash ravioli in a walnut cream sauce.  Yum.  The pastries are always calling to me - especially that flower-shaped chocolate chip scone.  My fiance doesn't know what a scone is, but that chocolate chip one has him wanting to find out.  The breakfast menu looks scrumptious and I will definitely come in the morning to check it out once I can finally remember (other than when I am there for lunch or dinner and see the breakfast menu and then remind my fiance, again, that we need to go there for b-fast.).  It's a vicious cycle.  My only complaint is that it can get super busy and with one area for drinks, it can get a little chaotic, especially if there are some slow folks or parents with bratty kids.  I have found the later you go, the less chance of bratty kids, which is always a plus in my book.  Hopefully earlier will prove to be the same.  Lunch hour can be a beast when it comes to finding a table, but well worth it once you find one.  The sandwiches are generously portioned and all of the prices are reasonable.  Two people can definitely eat dinner for around $15-$20.
5	Easily a place you return to again and again.  Bright, clean and always smells nice.  This was one of the first places I went to upon my move to AZ.   Great array of fresh baked breads (organic and gluten free) You can go breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  I've tried the Chicken Pesto and Feta sandwhich on a cibatta roll, Chicken parmesean ( a little salty), and my favorite, butternut squash ravioli! Don't be fooled by the spaghetti and meatballs - disappointing! They give you weird meatballs on the side!  Other than that, a very classy lunch/dinner spot.  They have wi-fi and a really beautiful glass flower centerpiece that comes down from the ceiling.  Best part: The chocolate chip scone! Buy two or three!
1	I actually never was able to try the food here. I got so pissed at the girl taking my order that I left. What happened? Well listen to this...I decided on a sandwich..I am not sure of the name , but it had roast beef and some sort of yummy cheese and the other sandwich stuff they add to it. Well I am not a fan of veggies, i know, that's so childish, but it is what it is. Anyway, I tell the girl what I want and I let her know I want the roast beef sandwich with only cheese and mayo, no veggies. She then looks very puzzled..." you just want cheese and mayo on bread"? I said no....I want the roast beef with just cheese and mayo. She then says that it does not make any sense...."so you don't want the meat"? I then ask her...why would I order "roast beef" and then not want the meat? She is like well I dont know you are the one that ordered it that way. Im like are you serious right now???? She then says ...well if you are not gonna order can you step aside so I can take the next order. What ????!!!!! I ask to speak to the manager...who apparently is the girl that has been standing next to her the whole time and did not seem to think there was a problem at all. I was so outta there...I am sure the food is yummy..but it is such a shame to not only have an employee that responds this way...but to have a person in charge thinking it was normal.
5	Mmmmm.......bread......Oh, sorry, I'm supposed to be writing a review. Wildflower is easily our favorite place for lunch, and breakfast too. This place is always clean, always busy, and ordering is always easy. We usually get the same thing every visit, since it is so tasty. We both get the potato cream cheese soup, no matter what time of year (yes, it is that good!), I get the chicken and feta, and hubby gets the BLT. Even at half size, these sandwiches are plenty to fill up on. And, if we feel we can spare the extra calories, we will get a cupcake to go. YUM! I've also had a salad, can't recall which one, but it was fantastic as well. Sometimes we'll also get a loaf of bread to go, and we've varied the kind, all have been great.Now breakfast...ah, that was just divine. I got the lemon ricotta melt in your mouth pancakes with fruit topping. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!! And I got the apple sausage on the side. It was a little dry, but no matter since I was so full on the pancakes. All I needed was a mimosa.... Moving on, hubby got the banana walnut pancakes, which werer also oh so scrumptious. So, we love supporting this place, and think it kicks Paradise's butt. We are wishing and praying that they would bring one to Surprise, although that might not be good for my waistline....
4	Super yummy sandwiches and soups. They make all of their own bread, and have many original choices. The roast beef gorgonzola is awesome!
4	Great soups, especially the green chile corn chowder bisque.  Salads are great as well, cold sandwiches, and breakfasts are above par as well.Service is almost always excellent and their corporate model works well in training employees. Rarely an issue here.Sourdough bread is great and I love the fresh loaf wedges served with soups.  The middle is soft and chewy like cotton candy, and the crust is exactly as it should be - very chewy & tough to tear with your teeth.
4	I've been here a couple of times, but was reminded of them when I got one of their scones at a booth set up at Race for the Cure. The scones are less of a solid mass that you get at some other places, but more flaky. Very, very nice! Add some cream cheese and I'm a happy guy.They are known for bread, of course...but if you need a meal, don't neglect the entrees. Very reasonably priced, and fare that tends to be a little different than the average restaurant. The spinach and artichoke heart lasagna that I had the last time was great.I keep forgetting about this place for some reason...but if you haven't been, check 'em out.
5	Hits the spot on sooo many levels. Soup and Sandwich, what else could you ask for!!!
4	i love sandwiches..  before, i used to visit  "paradise bakery".. then i got tired of their bread..  i can be very picky when it comes to food.. but i believe bread is the heart and soul for sandwiches..  man.. wild flower makes one mean bread!  i always order "BLT plus" with cup of "potato cream cheese soup"..  mmmmmmm!!one of my buddy never been to wild flower.. so we visited over the weekend..  looks like he is coming back soon.. =  )great food.. great service.. but it can be pricey for sandwich for those who are used to "Subway"!
5	We love coming here!!  The food is a little on the pricey side for what you get but you never leave there feeling like you "over did it".  It's pretty much like a soup and sandwich place but during dinner they serve more hot meals.  If you've ever had Panera Bread, I would compare it to that.  I love the fresh ingredients that they use and the breads they make daily.  They've also got a pastry lay out and they are too die for (ESPECIALLY the cheese danish ... YUM!)  My favorite lunch item is the almond tuna sandwich with butternut squash soup (a Pick Two meal).  Service is decent and they are almost always busy.  It's in a relatively large shopping center so parking isn't a problem unless you go at peak ... but you'll just be parking a little further.  ENJOY!
5	Love this place!  My wife and I go as often as we can.  The last time she tried a Halibut breakfast sandwich with egg and salsa on a crusted wheat bread and I had a cinnamon bagel with a fruit bowl that was topped with some yogurt and granola.  And of course we both had some fresh, hot coffee.  Very tasty.  We will be back again and again.
4	I'd been the Sedona location twice and absolutely loved it. There, it was super busy and we got our food really fast. We loved it so much, we stopped off at this location on the way back home.  While the food is still just as good, they goofed on my order, and it took awhile to bring it all out despite not nearly being as crowded as the Sedona location. But overall, a really good sandwich chain that I wish would come to the LA area.
4	I'm a fan... we eat here often.  The menu has a lot to offer and their food is very good.  Love the soups... love the sandwiches ... LOVE the butternut squash ravioli.  The sauce is killer!!!    The have great cookies and pastries as well.  The staff are always nice and the place is always clean.  Well worth trying if you haven't been there. Hatch
3	Though not my top choice, my family and friends love this place mostly for it's healthy food image.  I do find myself here at least once a week and I recommend the chopped salad.  Others have recommended the haddock sandwich and butternut squash ravioli.  It is also kid friendly and have great selections for kids such as pasta and fresh fruit.
5	Drove there from Surprise, AZ and it was the best lunch i have ever had. Boyfriend got a BBQ chicken salad and I got a Brie and Turkey sandwich. I would defiantly go back, the price was good, food was good, and the people there are really friendly. Plus the Coco Mania Espresso Drink was to die for!
5	I waffled on my rating because I have some issues with some things here. Issues: Slow - it took over 10 minutes to make my sandwich. Soggy - the recommended bread was soggy.  I left a good portion of it behind because it was wet and blah.I gave them 5 stars in the end because this was the best darn Chicken Parmesan sandwich I've ever had.  The guy taking my order recommended I get it on the Rosemary Sea Salt bread instead of the Cibata bread it comes with standard.  FABULOUS recommendation except the soggy issue noted above.  For flavor though... YUMMMM!  Next time I think I'll get the bread on the side or on top - an inverted open face sandwich, hmmm...  No matter, this sandwich was the bomb, even the shrooms and spinach was yummy (not so fond of shrooms).I'll be ordering this again!
4	This place is quite delicious! I went with my entire family one evening, and we were all satisfied. I had a Hummus Plate, which was mostly delicious. Some of the roasted veggies were cold, which I wasn't really happy with. The hummus itself was delicious, though! The Roasted Garlic Tomato Soup was the best Tomato Soup I've ever had in any restaurant, by the way! I think they only serve it on Monday's, so if you're a fan and have the chance... I'd definitely suggest it!
5	I really enjoy this place for breakfast. Really comfortable seating and nice ambiance.  I like the sausage and egg with cibatta.  Prices not a steal but comfortable enough. Coffee selection is nice as well
5	I love their salad, bread is so good. I enjoyed lunch with my friend.
5	Had the Salmon Ceasar here and it was excellent, the fillet was moist and tasty.  The directions here is wrong though, its N of 10, not S.
2	Visisted for the first time today during the lunch rush. It was caotic. It was so busy, there were no tables but we were handed our "take a seat ticket thingy" so we ended up having to sit at a ittle coffee table. The sandwhich we ordered was decent but was not worth $8. We got drinks and they charged us $3 for one fo those cups that you get out of office building water containers(about 10 oz). We ordered a pretzel whcih was hard. The staff is nice but they need to have so sort of control on seating and people. The place was way over occupancy, it was so crowded a lady pushed right into me and I spilled my drink all over myself. It was ok, but I won't go back again.
4	The new trend is eateries seems to be a "Bread Company" in one form another.  Moving here from Fort Lauderdale where we had Panera Breads I was familiar with the concept and am a big fan thus far.  Wild Flower has a great selection of breakfast as well as lunch items, wraps, sandwiches and pastries as well as coffee and other drinks.  Try the iced teas, they are the best!  There is a sampling platter of "the bread of the day" on the counter and they always seem to encourage you to try it, slathered in a wonderful butter which is near by.  This alone has prompted me to purchase loaves of bread to take home as the sample was so incredible. On my recent visits while Christmas shopping, I found myself outside at their wrought iron tables enjoying a cappuccino and some pastries.  It always appears and tastes fresh and has far too many calories but that makes no matter, I eat it all anyway.  My office has done lunch days here where they will buy lunch and this is where they come.  The sandwiches are amazing, huge and beyond filling.  There was a seasonal sandwich which was like Thanksgiving dinner between two slices of bread...AWESOME!!  The Roast Beef and Gorgonzola is my most recent favorite!When my mom was going thorough her cancer treatments, I would stop here and get her a cup of soup and she did nothing but rave about how delightful it was every time!  Try the Potato Cream Cheese or the Vegetarian Corn Green Chili Bisque.  When you stop by, do it with the intention of relaxing for a bit.  Their service is great, the food is delicious, why rush though that. Enjoy!
3	Wildflower is just okay. Their breakfasts are delicious (I love their roasted veggie frittata) but when breakfast is over, so is my love for them. I personally find very few things on their menu to be exciting but I do appreciate that it is one of the few places in the valley that serves a daily rotating menu of soups, even if that menu does not always match up with what is listed online. Another major issue is their consistency, or lack thereof. Sometimes your order will be overflowing with a specific topping and other times it will be non-existent. If you do go, be sure to try their oatmeal butterscotch kiss cookie, it is really tasty!
4	When I think of wildflower, my mouth waters for their Portobello picnic sandwich(the most juicy vegetarian sandwich, I've had) or the turkey and Brie(the most full of flavor Turkey sandwich, especially with Brie cheese). They also serve a delicious mediterranean salad that pairs nice with a bread bowl of roasted garlic tomato soup. Wildflower has great coffee and my favorite Blackberry orange lemonade, very refreshing!
5	This place is lovely inside, very relaxing, and well decorated.  The bussers and delightfully friendly.  I ordered the grilled cheese...it was the best freaking grilled cheese I have ever had in my life.  Nicely toasted whole grain bread, brie, swiss, cheddar, arugula, and tomato.  I asked if they could add turkey to it and they pleasantly said "yes, whatever you'd like!".   The smokey brie added so much flavor and creamy texture. YUM YUM YUM!!!
5	Been a patron since this eatery first opened.  This is honestly one restaurant that has not been hurt by the economy.  The food is that fabulous!  My absolute favorite salad is the Turkey Waldorf.  My children always get the side Caesar with Potato Cream Cheese Soup.  The husband always gets either a Cranberry Scone and Onion Bagel slathered with cream cheese OR a Pretzel and some sort of sandwich.  The only downside to this eatery is their lack of seating space during the lunch rush hour.  Get there by 11am if you actually want to sit inside, otherwise on a windy and cold winter day you might find yourself outside sitting on the patio (as I have done in the past.)Even with the lack of seating during rush hour lunch....I'm giving this place five stars and making sure I'm there before the rush hour.  :-)  Happy Eats!
4	I hadn't been here in awhile  and decided to go for breakfast. I ordered the spicy Chipotle egg sandwich without the sausage. It was delicious. The eggs were done perfect and the spicy chipotle sauce was divine. It has sun dried tomatoes, feta and spinach as well. I loved it. My husband ordered the Sausage and egg sandwich and said it was alright. I let him try mine and he said he'd get it next time. The brioche roll is buttery and light. There is so much flavor it this sandwich. I have nothing but great things to say.
5	Amazing food, great pricing and awesome customer service. Great for a sit down meal, or grabbing a bagel to go. Come here at least 2 times a week.
4	Like this place very much except for their uncomfortable seats (including the booths). The food is great. Unfortunately they did eliminate my favorite from the menu. I am a vegetarian and there are several choices that are excellent for me. The price is right too. I recommend it.
3	Pretty good choice.  The salads and the sandwiches are good.  I especially appreciate that they don't soak the salads in dressing.  There are good options for the kids and they always give us an extra cookie even though we spit the kids meals.  The service at the counter isn't very good; if you have questions they aren't very good at answering them.  However the service in the lobby is excellent!
4	Was looking for a good breakfast during a road trip from CA. I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere and wonderful breads on display. The restaurant is very similar to the Corner Bakery franchise we have home, but I thought the food was a step above. My only problem was that I couldn't stop eating all of the delicious breads they provide with each of the meals we ordered. Great food, great atmosphere and the food was served promptly.
2	Am I the ONLY person in the state who doesn't need to eat here?  Can someone tell me what I am missing?  I just don't get the hype.  The food is ok, nothing stands out as "must come back for".  I will keep coming, because my sister and mother are addicted, and I am sure there is something on the menu I can find that I will like.
5	Great salads , bread, and tea. I always get the house salad and my hubby gets the Waldorf salad.
4	You can always count on good food here.  Their tea is to die for!  I have a few favorites here at this establishment.  The Turkey Cranberry Sandwich is always my favorite, but it is seasonal, and the Butternut Squash is always the best.  When I am not feeling good The Potato Soup in a bread bowl is where I turn to.
5	My favorite place for a Salmon Caesar Salad anywhere! I always order extra croutons.  I have strayed from my comfort zone and ordered the hummus plate which was yummmmmyy!The food is consistently on point, the tea is refreshing, and you can't walk out with wanting to buy a loaf of bread and a few desserts! Enjoy!!!
5	Excellent catering service!
5	So...I hate to do this.  I have to say I cheated.  Yes, I know it's wrong, but I couldn't help myself.  I cheated on my Salmon Caesar salad and had a very hot date with Kale Salad.  I don't know what to do.  I'm in love with two salads at once.  I mean can you blame me? The Kale Salad has feta cheese, grapes, dried corn, sunflower seeds that add just the right crunchy texture and diced red peppers.  The finishing touch is this cilantro lime dressing that is not creamy but a vinaigrette.  I'm a cheater.  You know what? I don't care! I'm going to be doing it over and over again!
4	Mmm. The cream cheese and potato soup always perks me up when I'm getting sick, and I love their chocolate chip scones! I've had their ravioli too, they're yummy. Wildflower is homey and consistent!
5	Went back AGAIN and I cheated AGAIN!  This time, I had the Harvest Kale Salad and AGAIN my deepest desires were fulfilled.  Yes, I was moaning as I ate...but I couldn't help myself.Kale, roasted sweet potatoes, apples, BACON, pumpkin seeds, walnuts, green beans, apple cider vinaigrette, and so much more goodness on one plate.I think I need a giant A to wear on my shirt!  Hell, I'll just wear a big W for WILDFLOWER!  She has become my mistress!
4	I think 4 stars is fair. The lettuce on my salad is fresh and the red bell peppers are crunchy. My favorite is the kale salad but tonight I opted for the chopped salad instead. My kids love the potato cream cheese soup. The coffee was lukewarm but the gal at the counter fixed the problem right away. The food and service is always good. We will be back!
4	I had a chicken & pesto sandwich that was absolutely delicious.  It had rosated red peppers and sauteed mushrooms.  It was truly satisfying for lunch.It was hard to decide on what to have as the menu has a lot to choose from.  It does get very busy at lunch-time during the week, seating can be a challenge.  The staff is very friendly and polite.  Noise level is in the mid to high range but nothiing annoying.I recommend giiving it a try if you are in the mood for a soup or salad offers more than standard ingredients.
5	I'm addicted to the chopped salad!
5	So much deliciousness here... Harvest Kale salad!  Chocolate chip scone!  Blackberry orange lemonade!  Chicken Parm sandwich (open-faced)!  Cheese danish!  All of their menu items use fresh, in-season ingredients... and I have never tried an entree, sandwich, or dessert/pastry that I did not love.  Wildflower, let me count thy ways that I love you so...
4	Sweet cafe... and a mecca for carb loversMy little girl and I hit Wildflower every other week on our daddy-daughter day.  It's a nice diversion from the fast food places she usually gravitates towards (dang you marketers!).Sandwiches, soups, and salads are all tasty.  Dessert bar is uber yum.  The layout is comfortable for eating and chatting.  And they have seasonal special-order baked goods-- e.g., cross buns for Easter, cupcakes for Valentines, pastries for Mother's Day, et al.Only knock is the ordering can be a bit slow.
4	I love coming here, food is really good and staff is friendly. Usually fast service every time I'm here which is nice considering they're almost always busy. Only complaint is that I feel they charge a lot for the amount you get, my boyfriend got a sandwich and it didn't come with chips or potato salad or anything and it was $8 or $9, kinda ridiculous. I usually just get the bread boule with soup and I think that's fairly priced but drinks are expensive too.
5	I had a brunch with my friend today. I had Banana Walnut Pancakes ,OMG it was soooo good. I couldn't eat all so I had it for dinner, just microwave it for 30 seconds. and it was so good as left over. Can I have a recipe? LOL Or, do you sell pancake mix?
5	Can't say I have ever had a bad meal here! Me and my wife go about 2 or 3 times a week. There food demands a sophisticated palate. And you will enjoy the different combinations of flavors they come up with. Emerald Spinach salad has to be one of the best and most refreshing salad I have ever had.
5	Always great service when we go in.  The food is excellent and great selection of sandwich's, pasta and salads.
1	NO MORE! Been here 2 other times and it was decent, I ordered the "sweet potato" sandwich and it came with a side of either chips, cole slaw, or "res bliss "potato salad. So when I asked the 18 year old cashier "what's in the potato salad?" She tells me "uhh.. It's like.. Potato salad.. I don't know?", only to find out they were out of it any way so I had to settle for kettle chips. Then it takes 25 minutes to get my food, a family of 3 who sat down 10 min after me got their food first, I had to ask the server to check on my order, when he brings it to me I ask for a side of Sourdough bread and he looks at me like I'm crazy and starts telling me he doesn't know what I'm talking about for 5 minutes and he is speaking english but I cant understand him over the thick accent, they are KNOWN for giving out free sides of bread with your order. Finally I get the bread and its regular white bread, at this point I'm to burnt out on this place and just want to eat. For some reason the bread TASTED the way a wet dog SMELLS if that makes any sense, almost made me sick, the sandwich was DISGUSTING and I paid $10 for this meal. In all: BAD SERVICE, OVER PRICED, SUB PAR FOOD. No more wild flower for me.. Sorry.
4	Yummy baked goods and food!  This WBC location is very relaxing.  I like the round lower table with chairs around it.  Feels like I am chilling at home!  =)
4	Great food, attentive staff and competitive prices. Well worth a try!
4	Great selection of fresh offerings in a nice casual setting, with free WIFI
4	Wildflower in Goodyear is a great place!  99% out of the time we receive amazing customer service and fabulous food!  There is an occasional blip on the radar, but all in all this is a great location.  A very positive atmosphere and lovely choices for healthy eating.  I would have to say that they did not design the cash register beverage station very well.  It is challenging when it is crowded to walk to find a seat or even get a beverage when the lobby is packed with people.  The team here is always suggesting to try other items and they even let me order some of their yummy pesto salad dressing to take home and make my own version of the chopped salad!
5	Great selection of  bakery items, sandwiches, pasta, salads and breakfast items.  Everything is tasty and fresh.  Order at the cash register station, get your drinks and they will bring your order to your table when it's ready.  Very comfortable and casual.  Has WiFi available.  We had breakfast the other morning at a table, then moved to several comfortable chairs to finish our coffee and read the newspapers that had been left there. Definitely one of our "go to" places in this area.
4	Just wanted to let everyone know if u get the turkey and brie sandwich. lately they have been going really light o. the red peppers.  they'll put on extra if u ask when ordering though.
4	Been going here with my best friend since high school...love the potato and cream cheese bread bowl. Unfortunately the last few times we been here the service is only decent..food still wonder full...i am eating here now enjoying the weather, and though the food is great, I'm disappointed that they skimmed on the butter and i had to ask for silver ware. Everything else was great
5	I have never had a bad experience here. Great place to relax while enjoying a meal. My favorite is the chicken continental sandwich, their honey mustard is amazing.
2	Borderline terrible. I had their veggie breakfast frittata and a cappuccino.  The cappuccino was returned twice, then I gave up realizing that this place didn't have a clue what they were doing.  The frittata was edible, but looked like snorting you would get from a hospital cafeteria.  The home fried potatoes were gross.  Worse than anything you would buy from the frozen isle at a truck stop.  Completely not worth ever going back.
2	Got 2 sandwiches ,one turkey ,one roast beef with Gorgonzola along with a clam chowder's bread for both sandwiches was so hard It was almost a joke.Not much meat either.My Friend wound up throwing hers away.I was starving and ate mine but it was an unejoyable chore to do so.The Soup was fine ,nothing to write home about.Being from Boston I'm spoiled by really good sandwich's was a disappointment and I wont be going back.
5	I love Wildflower. I bring my granddaughter here all the time. She is 17 and LOVES soup. We both pretty much agree that Wildflower has the best soup around. Of course I also love the artisan bread. The restaurant is always immaculate and the staff always pleasant and helpful.
3	I know it sounds strange to say this at a place where you go to a counter and order, but service here is very hit and miss.  On several occasions I have waited patiently in line to have my order taken only to have the one person working the counter take a call for an order and let me stand there.  On other occasions when there have been more people they scatter to answer phones, move to the bakery counter or leave the front all together for whatever reason.  It has been bad enough that I have left and gone to subway 2 doors down instead.The sad thing is the food is good for this type of bakery/restaurant but the service particularly at lunch makes me want to scream.  I came back today for the first time in a month to be greeted by the one counter person on the phone with a phone order.  The manager on duty walked past not doing anything and after a 5 minute wait another person came up and took the order.  At this rate it will be awhile before I come back again.
5	I went here for the fist time and the chicken pesto was very good. My boyfriend got the meatball sandwich which he didn't think it was that great. The employees were very nice. I'll be going back!
4	Love this fresh food!  Never disappointed with the quality of the food!Seasonal specials using fresh market veggies are always a good choice for something new and different.  Fresh baked bread is a bonus to take home as well as grate desserts!
5	Wildflower has always been a favorite.   My oldest son loves their 3 cheese ravioli, my youngest son is fond of their chocolate scone, and I can have their potato cream cheese soup everyday.  Today, Darren, the manager, went above and beyond his duties.  He assisted me with a very pressing situation.  Thank you very much, Darren.  You are truly a good person.
4	I am part of "the breakfast club". There is about 20 of us that show up 3 to 5 days per week. I love the fresh ingredients.  I love the employees and management.  Since I am a regular I have my favorite foods but I have yet to be disappointed.
5	Wildflower Bread Company is always a great choice for lunch. Not only is the food great but the service equals it. Monday I was there with a friend and Marcus was our server. He made sure we were happy with our food and had everything that we needed. It is always a pleasure to be served by someone who has a smile and truly cares for his customers. Keep up the great service Marcus.
3	Been there probably 6 times. Poorly designed restaurant.  Counter area gets packed with customers and staff doesn't exactly hustle. Food is pricey but it has always been very good quality. Seating area is always packed - way too small given popularity.  End up waiting around like a vulture to snag a table.  Not fun for us or the seated patrons.  Would rather carry out then eat there at peak times. Which generally defeats my purpose for going out.  Parking is also a hassle.  This is one of those plazas with too many businesses and too few spots.  Rather go to a Paradise Bakery even though their quality isn't quite as good.  Easier seating and parking.
4	The quality of wildflowers' food is superb.  Really friendly staff.  My only qual with this Restaraunt is the fact that the average meal costs you ~10 bucks and it is not nearly enough food to fill you up.  I feel this place is catered towards woman, maybe that has something to do with the portions. But overall not a bad little sandwich joint.
4	I love eating at Wildflower. It's one of my go-to places, if I'm traveling in the Goodyear/Avondale/Litchfield Park area.Wildflower offers healthy (and some not-healthy) food and baked goods. You stand in line, next to the baked goods (YUM!) to go up to the cashier and place your order. You then self-serve your drinks and head to your table with a card on a place stand. You put that card on your table and your meal is brought to you.Pros: Popular place, outdoor seating, fireplace with comfortable library-type seating, tables, booths. Great food! I had their Tuscan kale salad and it was quite delish! However, I miss the Emerald Salad. I didn't see it on the menu :-( My dining partners had a BLT and the Chipotle Spinach salad. The salads are served with a large piece of their bread. Easy ordering. Good service, great location. Their pretty quick, even when they're busy.Cons: The menu is up on the wall behind the cashiers, so if you're way back in line, you can't look at the menu until you're up in that section. Limited close parking if the area is busy. There are other stores and restaurants in the area, so you may need to walk a bit for parking.
5	Disclaimer straight up: Wildflower sent me a gift card, which I used for this lunch. That creates some bias, but it also made me hyper-critical through the whole experience, as I did want to write a balanced review. It's the holiday season and the shopping center around Wildflower Bread was bustling. I wasn't surprised to find the restaurant's seating mostly full--which was fine, as I was doing take-out. I had two people ahead of me in line but only had to stand there for maybe a minute. I ordered a chicken pistachio pomegranate salad and a bear claw to go. I was given the bear claw right away. I stood back by the drink dispenser, as there was no seating, and to my shock I waited all of two minutes before I was called for my salad. Considering the busy-ness, that was really something.I arrived home, famished. I rarely get take-out, in part because something is usually left out. I was happy to open my paper bag and find everything there. The two chunks of Vienna bread were just what artisan bread should be: a crust with tender toughness, with a chewy, perfect interior. The chicken pistachio salad itself had an odd mix that worked in a surprising way. I never would have paired kalamata olives with oranges, but it ends up with a sweet/sour dynamic. The onions were a little strong, but everything else was just right in flavor and texture: feta, mixed cabbage, chopped pistachios, very fresh and flavorful chicken, and a dressing that was of good sweetness.I tried only a small piece of the bear claw--the rest was for my husband, who greatly enjoyed it with his coffee. This was one huge pastry! It's a meal unto itself.This visit to Wildflower Bread Company reminds me that I should visit much more often. I can't really find anything bad to say about it, even when I try.
