5	Great place to satisfy an afternoon need for a treat. Smoothie, juice or small dish. I love this place. They just expanded their store to shea and Scottsdale -- making my drive to visit grabba mucho shorter. Perfection. Lady who served me this morning was super nice; which was rare at the other location. Excited!!
5	Cute new location, same great food!  This is the ultimate build-your-own place - super healthy, delicious, and as hearty or light as you make it, it's a favorite at our house.  They also have great juice!  It's small, shiny and modern with a cute little table for kids and some nice outdoor seating.  A great place to throw in the mix when Pita Jungle's full.They have some brilliant bowl combinations (I love the French Quarter, substituting sesame sauce for avocado cream), or you can make your own.  Tons of fresh, delicious ingredients and wonderful sauces:  combine a healthy grain/spinach, protein, veggies, dairy and sauce.  They have interesting choices like quinoa noodles and edamame.  Their salmon and shrimp are both really nice, the avocado is great, and I highly recommend using the edamame.
5	I love having Grabba Green as a snack and lunch option. Last week I really wanted a GOOD smoothie, and Grabba Green was perfect. I enjoyed the "Feeling Fabulous," which is spinach, kale, avocado, cucumber, coconut, lemon, coconut water and honey. Hearty, creamy with a touch of sweetness. Previously, I've had the Indochin, which has Rice Noodles, Chicken, Cucumber, Bean Sprouts, Carrots, Green Onion, Cilantro, and a spicy almond sauce.
4	Grabba Green offers some good and healthy lunch options, along with being very convenient. I've had a few lunches here and I really like the online ordering system, it makes for an easy to-go experience. I really enjoy the "make-your-own" bowls where you can choose whatever you want to go in it. There's lot's of fresh, healthy, and flavorful options. I like that they have quinoa pasta as a healthy alternative to regular pasta. The quinoa pasta can be a little clumpy at times, but that is just the nature of the beast, if you've ever cooked it at home you would know. I've also had their fresh juice which is quite good and reasonably priced. Grabba Green had become a part of my lunch rotation due to the convenience, healthy options, and reasonable prices.
2	My friend & I tried this place today for a very late breakfast. I have never been there so I was just a bit confused by the menu. Maybe b/c I was just very excited that they offer vegan food as well as organic, I love having great options. When I asked her to explain the menu to me, she did, when I asked another question about the menu (which she already went over), she talked to me really slow as if I was retarded. I get it, you already explained it, I asked a question that was answered, but no need to treat me like I have a mental disorder. I will say, my order was good, it wasn't great & it definitely wasn't amazing. The presentation of the food was sloppy, which doesn't matter since it doesn't effect the taste, but it's thrown in a small box & it was $10, I definitely was expecting more.I would say that I would possibly go back sometime BUT the girls customer service was disgusting & that made my decision not want to go back. My friend stated that there was nothing that impressed her and that she will stick to True Foods.1 star for offering vegan food.1 star for offering organic food.
4	This was my second outing to grabba green at Scottsdale Shea.  It's an easy place for lunch with a variety of options and flavors that borrow from Asian, Southwest and Greek cuisine .  I've tried the Southwest Rice Bowl and the Gangnam City salad.  Both are tasty with a multitude of fresh ingredients.  I love that you can have warm dishes as well instead of just salads, it makes it feel heartier.  The next time I'm back I've got my eye on the Moroccan Mac & Cheese.  All of their food comes packed in a little brown box which is deceiving because there actually is a lot of food jammed inside.  I've tried their Juices (the Gingerly) which was fresh-made and delicious.  I would say however, that I would never take my husband here because while there was certainly enough protein in both of the dishes that I have tried, I don't see it appealing to people who are very meat-and-potatoes.  We tried having lunch here with a few of our guy friends and they complained the entire time.
5	I go to this place on a regular basis.  Absolutely love it, nothing there that I haven't liked.  The menu is a great concept, offers a lot of variety of choices but also VERY healthy and clean and it allows you to have fun with it and create different combinations and see what you come up with if you choose to "make your own".  I have had the quinoa a number of times but usually get a smoothie.  The service there, in my experience has always been fast and friendly and consistently great!I highly recommend to anyone who is not just vegan or vegetarian, which I am not, but to anyone who is health conscious and willing to spend a couple extra bucks to put something nutritious into their body!
4	I come to Phoenix on business and I make this my morning breakfast stop.  The oat smoothie always taste great and fresh.  This place can be a little pricey however.
4	The food was fresh and quit good.  I'll go back.  Although I think it's expensive for what you get.
2	I agree with Emina. Small sloppy portion for $10. Add protein ( chicken, etc... ) your up to almost $15.  I don't mind spending the $ when it is worth it.  I've spent $10 alone on a smoothie in the past from another establishment.   Overall poor value.
2	$18 for a bag of spinach with watered down tofu, carrots, and about 10 edamae and a small 16oz watered down beet juice (lay off the celery, give me more of the hearty juices). I was not impressed. I ordered the dish thinking it'd be veggie and re-read it to see that chicken was halfway down the menu. I asked if I could sub out the chicken with tofu. They were super nice and allowed me to do so. I'm all for healthy businesses...but I think it was WAY too expensive for the taste value. My tofu tasted like an everything bagel. I liked it at first but the dressing was too runny to give anything else a flavor. Might try again...but the juice is just too expensive when compared with places nearby like Nektar. I wish you could return food like you can return clothes. I threw this salad in the trash the moment I got home with it. Sorry.
4	I love this place. Great for gluten-free.  Taste great too. I come here often. Groupon helped since it is a bit pricey. That's also why not the 5th star.  But I'll keep coming because it's good and good for you.
5	Awesome food and quick friendly service.  New favorite lunch spot for a healthy and delicious meal.  I like to order online, so my order is ready when I get there.  Convenient to take back to work and could eat lunch here everyday.
2	Way too expensive for a spinach salad w chicken. They should stick to making cleanses. Ill buy a salad from Safeway for 3.89 and not pay $16!
5	I came across this place while looking for a late lunch between appointments today, when I found that the Whole Foods I thought was in the area had closed. I got a Power greens juice with a double shot of wheat grass juice on the side. The owner/manager Kelley was friendly, hospitable and helpful. Fair prices and many options for fresh juices, smoothies and food.The organics are all labeled, everything was gluten free and the selection was vast. The 2 oz wheat grass juice was $4 (ouch!) but worth it. Had a great conversation with Kelley and another regular customer about great food documentaries (Forks Over Knives, Footmatters, Hungry For Change, Fat Sick & Nearly Dead). I'll come back to this place whenever in the area!
1	Very poor service. Waited 20 minutes for a juice not pleased at all. Lady taking my order was short and seemed annoyed.
1	Disappointing portion sizes and bland food.
1	I use to frequent this place all the time but the last visit I got the French quarter to go.  When I got to my destination tge shrimp was raw.  This time my order has way to many red onions that its unbeatable.   Ugh!!!  The who time I was there the employees kept saying there sorry to all the customers who were complaining.
5	Love this place! Always great food and drinks. Definitely worth the money when you know you're getting high quality food that's good for you!
5	Had a yummy fresh pressed-juice. The menu looked delish. Will definitely be back!
