5	Best place to go for anything related to swimming pools in the west valley...period. They are knowledgeable, helpful and can repair or sell you the parts and show you how to repair anything that makes your pool operate. The place has been there for years for a reason...great customer service and fair prices.
3	Pool Maintenance is much a scam. The trick is to get in with a scammer, become a regular, and do it with a group that can help you out better than going alone on the Internet. This company is above going alone on the internet.  They do help you get parts straight. You should always ask if a part has all the needed extras, as some parts come without gaskets and O rings, as I have had to go back and forth between my house and store to get the the new part to not to blow water everywhere.
2	The people that work here have been so helpful and honest in accommodating me with my pool questions and needs - with one exception.  There is a young woman that works here that is the most rude and disrespectful person I've ever dealt with as a customer at a commercial establishment.  She mumbles and talks extremely fast and when you ask for clarification, she rolls her eyes, sighs and acts out as if she's being bothered. I've had to deal with her 3x now and her attitude is horrible.  Seek out anyone at the store except for this gal with blue hair and gobs of eyeliner because she is absolutely awful and mean.  I won't go back here as long as I have to deal with her.
5	The employees were extremely helpful with all of my novice pool questions.  They tested my pool water and helped me turn my green pool back to a beautiful blue.  I definitely recommend them to anyone that has pool needs.
2	When we have been in the store, gotten water tested and purchased product, all was good.  We like that the business is locally owned, so we contracted them to come blow out our lines as our suction was depleted on the side inlet of the pool. The gentleman came out to our house, looked out our pump and set the handle and said that the pool lines didn't need blown out, it was just that our pump was too small. That was last August and we continued to have issues with the pool's side inlet so we called them back to see if they could take another look. The representative told my husband that it would be another $85 to have them come out. Considering that they kept our entire $85 from last time and did not do the job, we declined. We then went to Home Depot, purchased items that would allow us to clean our own lines. Surprise, surprise, there was a Hot Wheels car in the side inlet that was blocking our lines. We knew there was something in there and we were right. The store is fine, the products are well priced, but their customer service when it comes to the service we bought for them to blow out our lines was unacceptable.We won't be back. Leslie's is closer anyway.
5	Very helpful!  The owner is really nice and very caring.  Helped us turn our green pool to crystal blue and the prices are GREAT!  We have been coming here for over a year!Leslie's is to expensive and I like to support the family owned small businesses
