3	Okay, let me state the pros up front just to be fair. David is the owner and he does answer the phone, and gets up to the front desk fairly quickly when you walk in.  Be aware that the day pass is only good until 8pm, then light's out honey, on your way home if you are visiting without having a room there.  They do have a very nice pool with a waterfall shower, and privatized (walled-in jacuzzi).  It is clothing optional, so try to be nice to those who are over-endowed :)Also, to be fair, the whole place looked clean.  Finally, decor and music are totally gay chic, good for him. To be fair, I didn't stay in the hotel part, so you'll have to check for yourself on their quality.  Hopefully that matches the price. Okay now the cons.  First it is really hard to find if you're not local.  Cab drivers haven't heard of it so bring the mapquest with you. David is kind of a jaded indifferent queen in my opinion.  Okay to be fair, yes it takes one to know one.  But he did something no retail queen should.  I asked him where the towels were and he said oh by the blue tins at the pool - of course when I get over there all the towels in the bin are - you guessed it...WET. Okay, could happen, he could be busy while supplies don't last, but then he got all huffy about having to get me a clean one.  Also, David, honey really do SOMETHING to upgrade that locker "room".  It looks like it should star in a scene of "OZ" - the one about the prison .Also, he has that cell phone plastered to his ear.  And not the incoming calls asking questions about the place either.  I really don't like it when retail queens make waiting paying customers seem like we are interrupting their hot gossip session when they are behind the counter. I know, he and others will say - it's  his place, he can run it the way he wants.  Well, attitude can be everything, and he needs to work on his.  We do keep him in business.  After leaving the interactions with him I only felt slightly welcome to come back, us customers can be SUCH a nuisance when he is trying to have a juicy cell phone conversation.   It's nice that he provides internet, although it's screaming slow to load, and definitely not Comcastic.  Finally, if you plan a massage, they are by appointment, so schedule ahead, their massage guy is really hit and miss.
5	Just to clear up a former posters rant , the owner is John and is a quality host. I have stayed there over 10 times and love it. Men only,clothing optional, sweet pool and great sheets. This place has a couple qualities that seem to be lacking now a days. Honesty and integrity. What a concept. I'll be back.
4	I had stopped by The Blue Moon a few years ago during a drive across country.  I had gotten a $20 day pass,  and had a pretty good time by the pool with my friend.    At a time, there had been some porn stars frolicking in the water, they were making hamburgers (the staff, not the porn stars),  and the place had a sort of 80's, West Hollywood-camp charm.Recently I headed to a trade show in Vegas, and for the first time my hotel room wasn't being paid for by my job, so I decided to try out the Blue Moon.PROS:  For me, I like that it's off the strip. (Less traffic, not as many obnoxious tourists, etc.)  Also the biggest selling point for me is your proximity to your car.   (you are definitely going to want to rent a car if you stay here, in my opinion)  I absolutely hate the self parking rigamaroo  and subsequent trek through throngs of casino-goers and  miles a dreary, carpeted passageways just to get to your room that is the norm at most of the big hotels.   here you just open your car door and step inside.   it's an old TravelLodge,  so you get the idea of the setup.Since it is a gay-owned and operated business, there are a few feel-good points awarded for staying here, and supporting the community.   stuff is generally very nice and the owner is attentive, and seems to get what people want.There is a nice breakfast spread in the morning including  2-hour coffee, which is a bonus.There is a steam room and  kind of seedy  porn watching area,  if you're into that.CONS:   Don't go there expecting to meet a porn star.   I'm sure it happens, but this isn't the cast's quarters for Chippendale's, lol.  If you want to have guests at the hotel, you sort of have to go  down and let them in at night.   not a big deal, and it makes sense from a security standpoint, but is not as freewheeling as some other places.If you are used to staying at the Bellagio,  and need to park next to a Bentley  to get yourself through the day,  skip this place.   as I said, it is campy and fun,  not glamorous or chic.   but at the end of the day, ask yourself... what is Vegas really all about?
4	Well my friends and I went here for a pool party that was going on. I had no idea the type of hotel that it was :-). But I must say, being my first time in an establishment as this one was very interesting. I'm not going to go into all the details because this is Yelp,lol! But if you're really wanna go with the saying "What Happens In Vegas Stays In Vegas" then by all means, stop by the Blue Moon. :-)
5	this place ROCKS. here are my top ten reasons to go. 1...its clean 2...helpful and friendly staff 3...nice guests, not to mention hott. 4...pool and spa are relaxing and clothing optional 5...rooms are spacious and nicely decorated 6...bbq's on Sundays in the summer are fantastic 7...even if i don't stay there i can day pass for 25 bucks. 8...video room if i wanna be bad, or good.lol 9...pool party's all summer long always something going on 10...continental breakfast
4	Okay - went for the first time - and - well - It took me about 24 hours to really appreciate this place.It is not right on the strip but holy cow you can drive up a side street - take a left and drive right into the Wynn and park.For those of you used to lots of luxury - this is not your place to go.  I am a bit spoiled - but I appreciated the slow pace and the men's only atmosphere. I enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere and the slow pace.  There are only a few things I would ask that they do.1) have each room set up with a book that details the locations and areas of the different things for the hotel.2) there needs to be an monthly updated calander in the each room3) there needs to be a better list of gay clubs and venues as well as the times and locations,.4)Towels need to be replaced and all the lights in the rooms need to work.5) The coffee in the rooms needs to be free.  2 bucks for in room coffee is a pain in the butt.  Raise the room rates a smidge to help cover it. This in an older hotel and I understand that - for those of you who can,..get a suite on the pool side of the hotel.  It cuts down on noise.  You can also peek at your car in the lot.Staff is great - be prepared for the fact that most of us who can afford to vacation have worked our lives and are not so excellent looking,..LOL!All in all - I would encourage you to try it - get the parlor suite - pool side view and dont go in with attitude. The convience to get to the strip is awesome if u have your own car.
2	Maybe I went on the wrong weekend or something, but this place was a ghost town. No one was there!  Paul and Chris at the front desk were super friendly, I LOVED them!  The rooms were not bad either.  It seems to stop there though. The webpage was misleading.  It was off of the strip in a sketchy looking area (in comparison to most vegas hotels)  The pool was noisy due to the waterfall and being near the freeway which was somewhat distracting.  I'm not writing this place off completely, but there's a good chance I won't go back or if I do I'll have to try it during the summer season.
1	NEVER AGAIN!  Arrived for New Year's Weekend. Paid for early check-in and room was ready but staff was cold, curt and not welcoming at all. Got same reception when we checked out on Monday. Tiled floors in room: dirty. Paint in bathroom: large section chipped/peeling. Free wi-fi advertised but very weak signal - constantly lost contact.  I prefer to give my $$ to gay owned businesses but after this experience we will be staying on the Strip where the service is world's better!
5	SO many posters have hit the nail on the head. This is not the Wynn or the Belagio. If you need 24/7 room service and a bellman to take your luggage or a valet to take your car, you are in the wrong place. But if you are looking for a friendly hotel for gay guys and their friends, look no further. I am already correcting myself. The front desk staff can get you pizza or chineese delivery 24/7.Food at 3AM is no problemThe rooms are what you reserve and/or agree about at check in. You get what you pay for. My first ime there I was so tired from long flight delays I took any room available. Checked in with a friendly guy, got to my my room and immediately fell into a comfy bed and asleep. Woke up to find a first floor room adjacent to the parking lot. The room was great and just a few doors down from the video and steam rooms and door to the pool. But a parking lot view?I asked to be moved in the AM and was told "no prob" by John the owner. I hadn't unpacked anything except my AM conference clothes and John asked if they could move my things while I was gone for the day at a seminar. SUREI came home that evening (and I do mean HOME) to a 3rd floor room with balcony shutters over the pool and an apple on my bedside table. Now THAT is customer service.The next day I met John at the poolside BBQ and was thrilled to help him as he was having problems with the grill. John is the most engaging host you will ever want to meet. He is proud of his new (at that time it really was new) resort. We had a great BBQ and everyone had a good time,,,, both hotel guests and outsiders. There was a massage therapist Mario doing chair massages. I used him both by the pool and in my room for a full body.This was my first experience at Blue Moon that caused my comming back so many times. I am almost always in LV on buisness so my stop at BM is almost always just on a day pass though I have stayed there on the night of departure several times so I NEVER get to see John. Every room stay, every afternoon pool play is always fun at BM. Thanks John for giving us such a great place
5	Stayed again with a friend and it was good as always. The staff is uber friendly, the rooms very clean and super-sylish. Cont Bkfst is more than adequate and granola bars, fruit and coffee/tea are avail 24/7 AND the front desk staff can get you delivery food anytime.Yes, it is off the strip..... so is the Rio. It is a cheap cab ride to anywhere.It is worth the trip just for the pool/sundeck/sauna areas.
3	Nice people and ok room. Jacuzzi outside is terribly dirty though. Coffee is instant. They added nice outdoor furniture. Pool is rather chilly. Waterfall is on
5	Great place to stay!  Friendly, helpful staff makes this place very comfortable.  Great cont. breakfast.  Pool, hot tub area is a great place to get "all over" sun!!!  I will be back again soon!!!
3	If you are looking for an all men's gay hotel in Vegas, this is your one option and it falls into that tough category of:  because it's gay, we'll stay there to be with our people.  So, we did.  Our first time.  Thankfully, we paid the Sunday night rate and we got that value.  The place as a whole is a little rough around the edges.  Other guests we talked to love the place and return.  We probably wouldn't.  It's the little things: no luggage rack for suitcase, no towel bars for bath towels (install a couple of hooks?), exposed wires on the walls (and extra bunched on the floor) for accent lighting, a foaming soap dispenser at sink and shower (really?  like a truck stop? I'm all for conserving on little bottles and soap bars - install a three-way liquid soap dispenser and that way you can also offer your guests shampoo and conditioner - which they don't now.  $16).  The back stairs that lead to the pool over look areas of junk.  Trash by the pool equipment etc.  So easy to just throw that stuff away.  It's in plain sight of guests and just adds to the attitude of general lack of care.  So, picky?  Well, maybe.  But, these very simple little things are what sets apart hotels and makes for a guest wanting to return.Now, the good stuff:  the Sunday pool party was very busy and fun.  Maybe 40 men (mostly au natural) sunning and frolicking.  Guests seemed to have a great time (bring your own cooler).  Breakfast was really excellent (a big pleasant surprise!).  Bed very comfortable and linens all nicely clean.  Very friendly and helpful staff.  Free WiFi worked well in the rooms.  Large steam room was nice.  Video room was popular.  And, with the day pass system, you get to mingle with some local boys, too.So, for the gay boys who like to roll with the boys, have a great time!  We'll pass next time.  But, then, we live in Palm Springs and get plenty of gay all the time.  For others not in that position, they'll have a different perspective.
1	Really wanted to like this place, but sadly after a few visits will now avoid at all costs. For $500 two-night stay for 3 guests, you can easily spend a couple of nights at a great hotel in Vegas. Or, you can regret a weekend stay at this sad ghost town in a terrible neighborhood, in walking distance to nothing, with a run down and dirty feel to everything and horrifyingly bad desk service. Oh, the ridiculous rates also include a nasty email from the owner if you complain about surprise charges on your bill to his rude & obnoxious manager. I try to patronize gay owned businesses when I travel. Here, never again. There was a time the LGBT community had few choices. Gladly, those data are over. Seriously, spend your money at someplace fun. Blue Moon is the exact opposite of that.
1	This place is really gross. It is way outdated and the $500 tab for 2 nights was just outrageous considering we could have been on the strip at the one of the NEW casino hotels for that price. This place is really out of the way too, be prepared to cab it everywhere, including to get food, of which there is none nearby.
3	I've been to the Blue Moon a number of times since they've opened and I have enjoyed every stay.  Having said that, you have to read the reviews and be informed- this is not the Bellagio.  Pros:  staff is awesome, including John the owner.  It is clothing optional, so if you want to lay out by the pool sans Speedo, you can. The pool area and hot tub is nice. Fun when there is a group staying there or sunday bbq pool parties. Continental breakfast is free and pretty decent.  The beds are extremely comfortable.  It's quiet.  If you want to cruise, that option is available to you. Free parking close to your room. Very happy to let me do a late check out and then hang around the pool the rest of the day until my late afternoon flight.Cons:  they are 5 minutes off the strip.  Absolutely no biggy though--it's a quick car ride or cab ride to the strip.  There is nothing within walking distance for food or anything to do (sketchy industrial-ish neighborhood), but again- a quick hop to the strip.The price is high relative to what you can get for a nicer strip hotel--but, if you want to stay at a clothing optional resort with other gay folks, that's what you are paying for.  The room I had wasn't fabulous---the TV was like 14".  C'mon guys, you can get a 42" for $250. A lot of it is in the details though--there was a light out in the bathroom.  The shower head sprayed water all over the place.  The elevator light is one exposed light.  There is "junk" off the pool area that you can see if you go out the end exits.  Kind of looks like the money was put in up front in the rooms and then nothing much has been updated since then.  It was a bit of a ghost town, even with Hustlaball in town (I had hoped there would be an afterparty like there was 5 years ago (which i missed!)).Would I go back?  Depends on the event and the price.  I've also stayed at a strip hotel and done a day pass for $25.
5	I came here with a friend for one of the bbq'ing pool parties. The decor is warm and comfy. The pool is big and the jacuzzi rocks! The owner John was manning  the grill. We had a blast!
4	This was my first stay and I was delighted.  Some reviews had made me wary, but the hotel and gracious staff exceeded my expectations.I was there in early March, so it wasn't "in season", but the pool, waterfall and jacuzzi were available.  I think the rooms are terrific, mine had a huge flatscreen, separate sound system, couches, chairs and a bathroom that was brightly lit (hard to find in any hotel).  I had a fridge and bar sink in the main living area, a huge walk in closet and windows that actually opened.You do need to depend on cabs or a car, but there is free parking, steps from the entrance, not like the half mile long jaunts from the parking lots of the large strip hotels.  While the area is mostly industrial, there are several other properties within half a block.  I never felt unsafe.John, one of the owners, was on the property almost every day and couldn't have been nicer.  If you're looking for cruising, you'll find it.  If you're not, you'll have a pleasant stay in a unique property with a friendly stay who will go out of their way for you.  At the time I traveled, my room was half the price of most of the mid-range strip hotels, so the affordability was a huge plus.
1	This is not suitable for a gay crowd...we arrived  2 days ago tired from 5 hours drive from Palm Springs( ok stopped shopping at Barstow out let  :-) and we were so ready to jump in the pool and jacuzzi...nope! it was out of order.....amazing the unfriendly desk clerk ( all unfriendly except one) failed to tell us upon arrival ! Because this hotel is worth nothing without at least a pool and jaccuzzi! We went to our room where we had to fight my friend and i on who would face the TV screen so small we barely could see it and no flat screen?? is it a revival of the 60's? ;)The hotel is dead...maybe because maybe of the numerous justified negative comments about this resort....And our room was facing the parking...and could not open the window since it is in the ground floor and facing the parking and .......way too noisy since it is right by the freeway!!!Why did we come to this horrible hotel?? why, Blanche..why??? lolRooms are clean..smalls..Cheap...we paid $78/nite ...a bit more expensive than Motel 6....however...Motel 6 would have been better...at least the soap dispenser works!!!
2	It's a glorified (and gayified) Days Inn.  They have a nice pool and jacuzzi grotto with a waterfall--and a steamin' steam room--but the vibe can't overcome its humble roots.The hall acoustics made every single step on the first floor sound through my door--and the bathroom was bare.Amenities were spartan. Old TV that I could not make work. And cheap gym-room soap that squirted liquid Dial.The linens appeared clean and the towels were abundant.That said, the other guests were friendly and fun. And the staff was also friendly.
1	Worst service. Gave us a room that already had people in it, tvs didn't work, room cards weren't all activated, issued us new cards to a new room and as we're were walking to the room flagged us down to tell us they gave us the wrong room again. Never will stay here again.
1	This is one of my worst hotel experiences in quite some time.  Location is awful, for a gay resort there is no alcohol available, no restaurant on premises, the rooms are creepy and  dated with few amenities.  A gay resort? Really?
1	this business is now closed
