4	Service in Bebe Las Vegas is far superior to Bebe Stores in SoCal. While I was in the dressing room, my attendant brought me some outfits that she thought would look good on me. And, I ended up buying one of her suggestions! Also, I was dressed sort of like trash, as I was in loungewear (because I wanted to relax.) Since I decided I didn't want to be stuck with those fakey boobie girls anymore....I had to shop. ALONE TIME. I was tired of hearing about the next surgery because they need to come closer together! blah blah blah. Now, every girl needs a GBF to go shopping with...to tell the honest truth if something makes me look hot, or if I just look lame. But, since I am still mad at my GBF, a BEBE salesgirl is the next best thing. She knows about heels, cleavage and other tips not appropriate for here. My GBF is way to stiff for that!Anyway, I bought more than I intended. The selection is wide, lots of cute shoes, too. Price is typical, cheaper than a department store, pricier than a juniors store. Clothes fit a woman's curves unlike the junior stick store, and are still very fashionable.
3	This is not one of my favorite Bebe stores... for whatever reason, in this setting, a lot of the clothes come off as not-such-high-quality to me... maybe it's because the dress that I admired had a large tear in it and there are some much fancier stores in very close proximity...
5	I love Bebe. They ARE on the pricey side but once in awhile, if I find an item that is different and I know I wouldn't be able to find anything similiar like it, I would splurge and spoil myself a little. =) Shopping at BeBe is always a happy moment for me.This store is located at the Venetian, Grand Canal Shoppes. Everytime I come in here, customer service is spot on. The store is always clean and clothes are always neatly displays on racks and tables. The sales associates plus managment always acknowledge and greets me with a smile. Almost everytime I come in here and when I have clothes in hand, they always offer me a fitting room. Transactions are quick and smooth and they're always friendly. Even if I pop into the store 10-15minutes prior to closing time, they still are happy and sincerely acknowledges me.
