4	On a night of drinking and gambling at GVR there was no better place than Village Pub!Build Your Own Burger medium-rare, roasted poblano peppers, swiss cheese, Dijon mustard all on a garlic sourdough bread with steak frys make for a hearty meal, I was only able finish half of this 1/2 Lb. Delicious Black Angus Beef burger.Barkeep was friendly and conversational an over all great place to visit, so much so that I kept on drinking forgetting that I was only there to pick up some grub. So was I just drunk? And maybe the place really wasn't that great? NOPEI came back for a late lunch the next day and once again it was a hit (service and Food) with nice sized steak and eggs with some home frys and a bloody marry to take care of that hangover.I don't have any thing bad to say about this particular location, so if your in the area and your hungry and or thirsty stop by.
4	Cheap awesome fish n chips. That's all I have ever tried there and that's all I will probably ever try there. Place always looks like a retirement home. It's got bad 80's coffee shop motif. But like I said, for great fish n chips for like $8, you can't go wrong!
4	They serve great fish and chips here, not as good as I've eaten in northern California, but definitely--so far--the best I've had in Las Vegas. Also, they make an outstanding chicken pot pie. I definitely recommend both these dishes. A friend sampled the chili and told me it  was OK, though definitely not anything special.This particular location also serves other draft beers aside from the Ellis Island brews, which lack the robustness of really good microbrewed beers.All in all, a good place for a pint, some fish and chips, or maybe a chicken pot pie.
5	Good local pub, excellent prices
5	I really enjoy this place! Every time I come here I get great service and my food is AWESOME! Keep it up!
4	Exactly what I wanted...yummy fish and chips, 2$ hefewiezen at happy hour and excellent service!
5	good place to eat.
5	Wings anyone?  Yum yum. Got very WELL DONE the way I asked for them with extra ranch then a killer burger.  All was hot and properly prepared. The staff and bartender were hella cool. Not a lot of peeps but gaming was hitting for me. I made serious wins. Ok family,  I will buy you more than a card for Christmas.
3	Ok so I waited at the sign that read "Please Wait To Be Seated." So I waited and waited, it was a good 10 min. before someone came out to greet me. If they were busy I would understand, but I was the only one there!! So that out of the way. The food is not bad and reasonably priced. I am giving them the benefit of the doubt that the initial problem was a one off and won't happen again. So I will give it another chance. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Service was very poor for us. I think the problem was that we drink water with our meal. Therefore, they don't seem to come around after we get our food. They surely do cater on the drinkers. The steak was to be done med rare but it was cooked totally done not even a pink center. What a waste of our time. Never again. And we didn't leave a tip coz of the poor service.
1	I'm not sure that's it's fair that I review this place, because we didn't actually eat here. Heck, we didn't even sit down. We walked in on a Friday night around 7 for dinner. Inside smelled like a hospital and when we found our way down the hallway, there were probably 6 tables out of 30 filled, and everyone there was eligible for a Medicare card. We didn't stay.
5	This is my favorite location. The chicken parmesan is killer, the steak fries are great. The salads are great too. We never disliked anything here. The fish and chips are good. Every day there is a special, they got the meatloaf and it was huge. And it was about 7.99 or something in that range. The pot pie is good, The menu is just good meat and potatoes American fare type of food with some fried items, burgers, salads, and some Italian. There is also a nice cheap breakfast here too. A great casual place where you can sit and talk for a bit. Generous portions for the prices, also offer smaller lunch items too. And you can eat for under 10.00. The gambling is all sectioned off to one side so it does not interfere with the dining experience. We never had any issues with service here either. Pretty good considering how bad service can be in even the fancy places in this city. If you are looking for a hip trendy place this is not for you. If you like big paintings of old ships and dark red walls and corned beef and cabbage then you'll love it. :)  The seating is mostly size friendly. The bathrooms are clean at least when I go. :) parking is easy.This place isn't for everyone, but the more laid back & possibly the more mature crowd should like it.
2	We stopped in for lunch to try a new place.  I've seen these chains around town and finally had the chance to try it.We were seated immediately but brought breakfast menus.  Well, it was lunch time.  We had to ask her for the lunch menus.  Not a big deal but strange.  Our drinks were brought out quickly as she took our order.  They were pretty busy sometimes our drinks were empty.It wasn't too long a wait for our food to be delivered.  I tried their Club House Sandwich with steak fries. The sandwich was loaded with turkey, bacon and the fillings.  It was fine.  They steak fries could have been cooked just a bit longer.  Many of my fries were a bit soggy and didn't really feel the urge to finish them.  Overall the service and food were just ok.  I'm not in a rush to hurry back to try them again.
3	Food was not bad, but not really good either.
2	I love this place normally... However our server Leslie did not care at all about customer service, she was in a hurry the whole time and the place wasn't even busy. She did not even come over to fill our drinks or even for us to ask for a napkin. Very disappointed and this will probably stop me from coming here again
4	Came here early afternoon last week to catch a World Cup playoff. Sat in dining area which had a nice flat screen TV.  Ordered fish and chips and a Newcastle.Waitress was very pleasant and efficient. Food arrived promptly and highly recommend the F&C!  Newcastle was frosty cold, served with a chilled glass.  Nothing not to like here!  I'll be back!
4	This place is really cool.  We were looking for a new neighborhood spot after Black Mountain Grill's service went off the deep end and Carmine's closed.  This is the place!  Nick, the bartender, was very cool and took care of us.  The food was quite tasty.  Kind of like diner food, but way better than normal bar food.  We'll be back.  A lot.  :)
5	Anyone who is a local KNOWS Village Pub/Ellis Island are known for their RIBS!  They have a full rack special which starts at 4pm. I was there last Saturday with a long time friend.  I asked about the special.  Our server said they would happily serve me the special at the special price!  How can you not give 5 stars for that kind of service.  Great food, service, and value.  It's what Las Vegas was built on!
5	Great local spot for a meal with the family. Get the steak dinner, it's a affordable and delicious! Great because they separate the dining room from the bar area.
1	There are two signs that say they are open 24 hours and I just tried going at 11pm and they were closed! False advertisement. Very disappointed.
