4	This is a great little authentic Italian restaurant in the city. The food is done perfectly and it's cheap to boot. Everyday they have specials (closed Monday I think) and it's a good fast place to come for lunch as well. Don't expect any late dinners here, it closes early.Also, if you're in the mood for some wine, try their house wine, it's great considering the price!
5	What a great little gem in Montreal! It's totally italian comfort food.I didn't try their mini-pizza, but I hear it's one of the best in the city. I (and a friend) tried the following:1. marinated calamari - absolutely delicious. can't find this at any normal italian restaurant b/c it's their specialty2. veal w/ linguine - super tender, the veal was very lightly battered and then served with amazing cream sauce. pasta tasted fresh and yummy3. chicken alfredo - also very tender, one large piece of lightly battered chicken in a creamy red sauce. superb4. fried doughy cheese thing w/ marinara sauce - i didn't loveThe one great thing about this restaurant is that it's incredibly cheap! For the quality of food you get, it's such a steal. I'll be honest, this isn't a fancy italian restaurant. You order at the counter and pick up your food when it's called - super casual. The food is fantastic, but they just need to do a renovation b/c the outside looks like a divey, crappy old italian restaurant.Their hours have changed and they now close at 11pm.Definitely worth a visit when you're in the mood for some comfort, casual italian dinning or takeout.
4	Great little Italian place. Did bot know of this place until seeing reviews on Yelp. Pasta was cooked very nicely with a very rich sauce. Employers were very nice and food service was speedy. A nice place for reasonably priced ($8-12 for a pasta dish) Italian food. I will be going back to try different things.
4	Excellent & not expensive
4	We stopped by for an early dinner after taking the kids shopping in downtown Montreal for the day. Italian comfort food is the best way to sum this place up!It is a very small restaurant, with a few tables and you have to walk up to the counter to order. The guys who run the place are all very friendly and helpful.For starters we had soupli (of course) which is a rice, cheese croquette that is served with marinara sauce, green salad, and a bocconicini salad - all amazing! The dressing on the salads were simple and very tasty. For our main meals, we had manicotti, and spaghetti. The sauces are great, the pasta is always al dente. Really, I have never been disappointed here. As a bonus, we were graced with the presence of Ariane Moffat, who was also enjoying some authentic Italian food at the Rotisserie Italienne.
4	Great little Italian place in Montreal. It's very different from the traditional restaurant. You order at the counter and you pick up the food when your order is ready. It's more self serve than waiter service but the food is pretty good. The whole restaurant has a "godfather" feel to it, I honestly felt that one or my good friends was gonna come in and shoot me. Nonetheless this restaurant gets four stars for its good food and unique atmosphere. Will return next time I'm in town. PS. I recommend the veal and fetuccini.
5	This restaurant is a must try. We wandered on sainte Catherine and because of the yelp review we stumbled upon this hidden gem. At first we were hesitant to stay but it was worth the stay. I got the lemon buttered veal with fettucine Alfredo it was really good. Another member in out party got the chicken Alfredo with mushroom. wow this dish changed my mind to give a 4 to a 5. This is a must try dish and i will recommend every one to try this restaurant.
3	If you are expecting something elegant or extravagant, don't go here. But, if you are looking for great sauce and amazing prices on Italian cooking, you came to the right place. I came to this restaurant with two other people and definitely got our moneys worth. When you walk into the restaurant, you are given a menu and asked to pick your own seat. Once you've decided on your meal, you walk up to the counter and order. One of the perks about this place, is that you can walk up to the counter as many times as you'd like. The staff was extremely friendly as we came up to order more food throughout our visit. First, we ordered two minestrone soups ($3.50), calamari salad ($7), garlic bread ($2), ceasar salad ($6) and the rice and cheese croquettes ($2.50). The minestrone soups were great. Warm, a good amount, and exactly what we expected. The calamari wasn't exactly what we thought it would be. To be honest, it didn't even taste like calamari. I wouldn't order this again. The garlic bread was great! We even went back to order more. The ceasar salad was good. The dressing had a very strong anchovy taste, so if this is something you enjoy be sure to get this. The rice and cheese croquettes were delicious. The sauce that came with it dictated the rest of our meal. Next we ordered Pizza Margertia ($6), Cannelloni ($9), Baked Eggplant ($9) and the Spaghetti with Meat Sauce ($9). The pizza was small, but very good. It had a thin, crisp crust and delicious cheese. The Cannelloni wasn't the best in the world, but the sauce made up for it. Same goes for the Baked Eggplant, the sauce on top of it was absolutely delicious. Personally, I thought the most basic dish--the Spaghetti with Meat Sauce--was the best. I know I've said it before but the sauce is wonderful. The noodles were cooked perfectly. The bill ended up being around $80 with wine and sodas. Considering how much food we ate, and how much we had to bring home with us, this was a great deal. I would definitely consider coming back. I may not order any appetizers, but I would definitely try another pizza or find another pasta dish with that amazing sauce.
3	Good food. Fair price. But tomato sauce tasted a little weird. Owned by Chinese.
4	A cozy little place for a raining day:)  And really great sauce with fair price.
5	This is a great place to go if you are hungry for some tasty Italian food. The restaurant is small and does not look as fancy as many others, but the food is great indeed. I had some pasta and bread here and they both were fantastic. They have specials everyday if you want to try something new once in a while. The people who run the place are very nice and friendly, the price is very reasonable, especially for an Italian restaurant. I will definitely return to this place when I am back in Montreal.
4	I like it.
3	Very close to my appartment. I tried both the lemon scallopini and the creamy mushroom one. Both come with fetuccini alfredo. The mushroom variation is by far the better of the two. It was really creamy and tasted great when you soak up the sauce with the little hot buns they give you. The veal was nice and tender with mushrooms on top. Also had the fried bread mozzarella, but wasn't a fan. Very bland in flavour. My family had the pizza and they loved it. Not to expensive and it's the perfect size for a lunch or something. The pizza are definetly a must.You have to go to the counter to order and the menu are picked up at the door. Definetly recommend this place if your looking to get your Italian fix without wanting to go through the long sit down meal ambiance that most Italian restaurants are known for.
4	Me and my girl luv this place. The food is amazing the portions are great and you can't best the price!
4	We ran into someone on the street who recommended this place to us, homemade, not fancy, but just downright GOOD Italian food.  I have to agree.  You order at the counter and then go pick up your food.  No table service, hence not fancy.  The portions were good, and the prices were reasonable.  I tried the fettucini alfredo and the rice croquettes - very tasty and very fresh tasting.
5	Informal, fast-casual Italian spot near all the action downtown. Menu is large, and the food is surprisingly high quality. It's traditional Italian so nothing is going to surprise you, but you can get excellent pasta and meat dishes for $10-15. This is easily the best deal in the neighborhood, and probably the best value Italian in all of Montreal.
