4	Wonderful staff, great stylists, a little pricey, could have a better floor plan.I went here with my entire wedding party to have everything done. My sylist even came in early before they opened so she could accomodate us. We were all finished in a timely manner and we all loved the outcome of our hair, nails, etc. Positives: If you are willing to pay for the service, it's worth it. The staff is very friendly. Even if you go there for the first time it doesn't feel awkward. Negatives: crowded and noisy when they are busy, can get a cheaper haircut that turns out the same from somewhere else, like AZ Hair Company. Other: I would recommend making an appointment even though they do walk-ins,
5	Went to see Mikhail a couple of years ago when this place was called Salon Etro after being called Beauty Bar.Mikhail is a true artist. His hair cuts are phenomenal. He works with how your hair naturally is, and somehow cuts so precisely you barely need to bother to style your hair. I live in San Diego and whenever I go see my mother in Phoenix I make sure to have my hair cut by Mikhail. I told him that I was a low maintenance gal and I wasn't good at blowing out or flat ironing my own hair. He said, "No problem, when the right cut is there, you barely need to do anything."He was absolutely right. And I too have paid more for haircuts that were far inferior. I wish this guy would move to San Diego!
5	I have been going to Mikhail for almost 7 years now which is the longest I have stayed with one man in my life. :)  Mikhail is so talented in his craft that I really don't bring in pictures of what I want anymore.  I just sit in his chair, give him an idea (keep the length but I want more movement) and say "work your magic" and he does!  In our time together so far I have had long layered hair as well as many variations of the "Posh Spice" bob and I have always been happy.  He takes the time to look at your face and bone structure and then creates a perfect cut based on that.I also love their online booking system which really helps streamline booking your appointment.I constantly get compliments on my hair and even had a lady chase me down in Trader Joes to ask where I get my hair cut.  Mikhail deserves 10 stars out of 5!
