3	This place really is A-OK.  Not Amazing though.  They carry a wide variety of good quality dog and cat foods.  I have found their prices for food to be on par with other pet stores that sell similar food.  Their toy selection is rather extensive, but a lot of the toys my mom in law has bought for our Monstah have been low quality with paint that peels after a lot of use.  Not so good.  They do however have a lot of the good quality toys as well, such as Kong.  Their toy prices are weird.  Sometimes they are considerably cheaper than comparable stores, but other times they are a good deal more expensive.  They don't carry West Paw Design, the most superior brand in rubber type dog toys.  That's a shame.  They should pick that line up.  Overall, it's a decent store with a lot of stuff to choose from, including, but not limited to every type of dog carrier/stroller you can imagine.  However, I think I will stick with Wag N' Wash and Noble Beast.
2	What a lame store.  The employees didn't say hi to me once and were totally unhelpful.  Their dog food selection is decent but their dog toy selection is worse than PetSmart.  Too bad too because good quality pet stores are hard to find.  There has to be something else around here and I would go out of my way to find it.
5	Amanda was very helpful when we looking at the ferrits.....   A great pet store.
5	I love the concept of this pet market and enjoyed my visit. They specialize in natural, organic and holistic foods and toys. This is important to me as I want my pup to be playing with toys that are made from safe materials, and eating treats, etc that contain healthy ingredients. I don't buy my dog food here, but this is one of the only places I know of that carries Zuke's natural treats. Also, I found the toy selection to be much better than pet smart's - and am happy to know Milly's toys are safe. Great store for treats, chews and toys.
4	Love this place. I drive all the way from Cave Creek just so my puppy can eat all natural. Thanks for not having sugar in your treats. Good puppy heres some sugar. Not anymore Thanks again. Dakotas fav's Stella & Chewy's duck treats.
1	The customer service that I received today was atrocious.  I was returning a product that I purchased, still in the package with the receipt and was treated very poorly due to the return.  The associate argued with me about the size of the item (a harness) and stated his disbelief that it would not fit.  After my store credit is spent, I will not return.
4	Yes, they are a little on the pricey side here at CPM - but they've got the "good stuff"! Only the best of the best for fido in here. I'm not sure how I know this, as my dog doesn't provide me with quality feedback, and occasionally eats his own poop... but it does make me feel better about myself - and isn't that what really matters?
5	When Petco stopped carrying the holistic/organic food I was getting for my cats, I stumbled upon Choice Pet. So I started buying it here. Then going to Petco for other stuff, PetSmart for some other stuff and Target for cat litter. Slave to the cats. No more. The gals at Choice Pet said to bring in a receipt and they would price match. They enter it in to your account so it's ALWAYS there. Now I get my cat litter prices from Target for World's Best and it saves me $8/bag. And you can STILL use your Choice Pet Market coupon for $10 or $20 off depending on how much you spend. I always spend over $100 so the $20 off coupon really pays off! Also, when you have an account, returns are SOOO easy. Even without a receipt! I returned something to another store and all they did was call the store of purchase to look it up. IT WAS THAT EASY! The service is ALWAYS wonderful and depending on who's working when I come in, they know my name and pull up my account without having to ask me. I've stopped shopping at big box Petco and PetSmart and only buy my pet items at Choice Pet. The local store, local service and quality are A+ in my book!
5	I don't know why people are saying negative things about the customer service here, because they have always been outstanding with me. They always carry out the dog food and put it in my car for me. They always help me find whatever I need. I appreciate how knowledgeable they are about dog food. When Proctor and Gamble purchased Innova, they let me know so that I could make an informed decision about what to feed my dogs. I now buy Orijen at this store and couldn't be happier. They even have Scottsdale Strays doing doggie adoptions outside on the weekend and I adopted my little dog Lucy from them. Yes, it's a little on the pricey side, but I am always willing to spend more for good quality food, whether it's for me or for my four-legged friends.
5	This is a place where not only you can find the organic dog food you are looking for; but also the people who work there are very helpful and are always looking to help you. John who is the Manager now, who took over from Joe has always been attentive to all of my dogs needs. If I have a problem with something I have purchased, he is ready to fix the problem or allow me to choose something else if need be. He carries the sometimes heavy purchases  buy (I have a few dogs) directly to my car. Between the management, its staff and the wonderful variety of foods they carry, I will be a loyal customer for many years to come!  Victoria D
5	I have been a loyal customer at the Choice Pet Market since it opened. They have a great selection of frozen raw foods that I feed my dogs. There has never been a problem returning food that my dog didn't care for. The manager John goes above and beyond to help me find what I need. They also will do special ordering which I love!
5	This is the first store I visited and I was SO grateful to find that they carried such an awesome variety of super healthy foods and treats made with high quality ingredients.  I've always found friendly knowledgeable people and it's a great, convenient location!  I haven't been in for a while but we loved seeing Brittnea and Kelly at this location last few times we were in.We shop most often at the Tatum and Shea location.  Check out our review of that store for more on our experience with Choice Pet Market in the Phoenix area!
5	I've had my dog for 16 years and two dogs for the past 3 years. I spoil my dogs and shop for them more than I do for myself and I must say, I've never been to a pet store with a kinder staff. Amanda was hands down the most knowledgeable person I've ever spoken to at a pet store. She took time to explain what she would recommend for my 16 year old pit that can chew through anything in a short amount of time. With her reaching her latter years in life, I wanted to give her something that she would be able to play with for hours without ripping apart and with out ingesting. I've tried soooooo many things! Amanda knew exactly what I was in search of and gave me a few options. I ended up going back to the store an hour later to purchase more and my dogs have never been happier. Thank you Amanda for a your time and compassion for my situation. You made a huge difference and I would recommend this pet store to anyone seeking great customer care and wholesome products.
1	I suppose for people who insist of spending a fortune to get their pets some super duper organic cleansing foo foo magic food, perhaps this is a good place. I, on the other hand, just popped in to check whether they carry the cat litter that I use. It's unscented and regular stores like Walmart and Target tend to run out of it constantly. I ordered some online from WM but while waiting for delivery I thought I'd see if I could grab a box at this store. I normally pay $11.67 for a 25 lb box. At this store...28 lbs was...$28 and some change!!! Listen...I understand that it's a specialty store blah blah...but this is the exact same product sold at Walmart for 47 cents per pound and here it's OVER A DOLLAR A POUND! For something that my cat is going to pee and poo in, a dollar a pound seems pretttttttty steep! Marking things up more than double what other stores sell it for can't be good for business. I honestly don't understand why someone would go to this store unless they had money just burning holes in their pockets and needed somewhere to throw it away.The customer service was...ehhh....the guy looked up when we walked in, said hi, and said bye when we walked out. I would hope that if I had paid $30 for some kitty pee pee sand he might have been more friendly. They must do SOMETHING that makes customers come back after getting ripped off like that, right??PS: All you people spending a bazillion dollars on bullshit fancy food for your pets...they're ANIMALS. In the wild, they would be eating dead rodents, birds, etc... Dogs eat turds for crying out loud! I'm pretty sure they can eat like, regular pet food from a pet store or even the vet where it's MUCH cheaper than this joint. Will I go back? Uhhhh...no.
1	They have an entire aisle of Dogswell and other brands of treats made in China that are killing pets.  I cannot support a store that sells poison.
3	I love having the convenience to top quality food for my dog but I wish it was more affordable. Living healthy is just expensive in general I guess.
5	Since I got my little puppy Charlie, I was recommended by my friend to go to Choice Pet to buy good dog food.  When I came to the store the staff really knew their stuff!  They were very informative and took the time to explain and to help me choose the right food and products.  My puppy is very healthy, never had any problems and I'm sure it's the good quality food and products I give him and use on him.  I highly recommend this store for those of you who really care and love your pets.  Thank you Choice Pet!!
