1	This place takes total advantage of tourists.  My dad and I rented mountain bikes here after reading about the trail to the Hoover Dam from Boulder City in a Rails to Trails magazine.  This business was 'recommended' by the magazine.  When we rented our bikes, my front tire was flat (they didn't bother to check them).  They didn't provide us with a map of the area (which would have been helpful since the trail doesn't start at the bike shop.  The rates also take advantage of tourists.  The only way to avoid having to pay the full day rate would be to immediately turn around at the dam and ride back because the trail is a significant downhill from Boulder City to the dam. If you have two vehicles available, i recommend parking one at the dam so you can bring yourselves and the bikes back since that will cost you an additional charge.  All in all, they know that 1. you're not going to want to ride back and charge a fee for pick up, and 2. that if you take a tour you'll have to pay for the full day because it'll take long enough that your 3 hours will be eaten up
5	This was a great guided mountain biking tour. They pick you up at the hotel early (0600) to avoid the heat. Provide helmets, gloves, water, snacks and really nice full suspension mountain bikes. There are a couple of trail options.  We went for the bootleg canyon "basic" ride.  It starts out with a slow gradual uphill, that was still difficult. We had plans to go on a bootleg canyon loop, but after several miles it was clear we weren't in the greatest shape (well, 2 out of the 4 of us), so we switched to the Hoover dam ride.  We had a lot of fun, hit the teeter-totter and lot's of nice curving up/down trails.  Jeff, our guide, was really patient and good.
5	These guys were awesome. They hooked us up with sweet bikes, helmets, maps and we had a blast. I had a couple of MTB noob buddies with me and we cruised the green trails for 4 hours.The only thing I'd do different is bring my shoes and pedals. I'm 6'4" and they had a big, brand new 29er that rode almost as well as my own bike. They also connected a roadie buddy up with a bike and pedals. So they can do it all and we'll be back for more!
5	I found this place by accident as I got a flat tire on the river mountain loop trail but ended up going back for a fitting and near pedals and shoes for my road bike.  These guys provided excellent service and the prices were great.  As part of  the fitting my slightly-too-big big needed a stem that was a bit shorter.  They had a trade in that looked brand new but they sold it at a discount which was excellent.  Overall I felt like I got a great value but also felt like I was getting sold great quality stuff.Also:  I am very often put off by the vibe in bike stores, but everyone was friendly and they all went the extra mile.   I wish they were in Vegas...
5	Here is the place to buy a bike! Jeff the owner, is a great guy willing to work with anyone for anything. He is all about customer service and getting people out on their bikes.  He does layaway, repairs, advice, and just a good guy to know. All his staff are great and knowledgeable.  I spend time in this shop about once a week after riding Bootleg...just going in and saying hi.  They will work with you to get a bike..and they are LOCAL!!! :) Price: Everything related to new bikes is costly, but you don't want to buy a wal mart bike if you are serious rider...invest in yourself and a local place
2	I came in with a problem with my hub on my rear wheel.  The tech I spoke with understood the problem, but the only solution offered was to drive to the Henderson REI.  He said that REI might be able to clean the hub with an ultrasonic washing system.I give them two stars because they did not fix my problem.  They did look for a replacement hub, but did not have one.Basically, there were three techs there.  One was actually performing work, and one was watching, and one was being trained.  Overall, the customer service was that of a "hobbyist", and not a pro shop like Zion Cycles in Springdale (ask for Fred), or Pine Mountain Sports in Bend, OR - total pros - with prices posted at the service desk.I really can't say it was an overly negative experience, but the only solution was to send me to a different bike shop to get my problem fixed.  So, I cannot give them three stars which Yelp describes as A-OK.
5	These guys are all about customer service. They responded promptly to my  email inquiry and  once I got there were very helpful with getting me the right bike, a map and information about my destination. The store has all the gear you need to outfit yourself for a trip (or if you are interested they also do tours)   I originally hoped to do a tour, but actually going it solo was fine. I felt comfortable on the bike and on the route to Hoover Dam.  So if you are anywhere near Las Vegas get yourself out to Boulder City and look these guys up. They will treat you right.
5	Great place for renting bikes.  The staff was super friendly, knowledgeable, and extremely helpful--I would definitely recommend them and touring the area by bike.  Amazing views.Tip:  Make sure you get some water to take along with you, and if you're not a super experienced biker, opt in for the shuttle ride back to the shop!
5	Couldn't be happier with my rental and ride in Bootleg Canyon.Staff was very helpful in making sure I received what I was looking for. Knowledgeable, personable and helpful are words that come to mind about the staff.They have different types of rentals, and I was pleased to have a 2013 Stumpjumper, full-suspension 29'er with a dropper post! They put my pedals on, made sure seat height was set and it made for a great day on the trails.By the way, the trails in Bootleg Canyon are awesome!
5	great shop, willing to lend me some tools to work on my fork in the parking lot... and when that didn't work helped me out with a bike rental. Well stocked shop.
5	owner clearly makes this place his life's work as he let my girlfriend and I rent bikes right as they were closing on a Sunday and then let us return the bikes after hours when he got back from a ride of his own during . very unusual and impressive. our last minute plans to go for a bike ride around the river mountain trail loop was perfect because of AMC. insta 5 stars.
5	I tend to hate bike shops, and I have been an active mountain biker for over 20 years.This place is great, the owner is super nice, knows how to work on bikes really well and hires friendly people.This may be the best bike shop I've been to in a really long time!
4	All Mountain saved the day. I was out for a family bike ride at Lake Mead when I discovered we had two flat tires. I thought our day was over. In less than 5 minutes,  we discovered this shop back in town. Though there were lots of customers, one of the younger techs hooked us up right away. He even gave us a refresher on how to replace the tubes ourselves. Thanks to All Mountain, my plan for a holiday weekend bike ride was a success.
5	We had an awesome time biking down to Lake Mead thanks to the guys at All Mountain. Super cool, laid back, the guys hooked our group up! We were a group of 6 and all had a blast!!!! Love this place!
3	Good attention to customer and great location if you're riding Bootleg Canyon. Unfortunately the bike I rented had a problem with the rear der and I always had ghost shifts and could never put the chain on the granny. Also the CB pedals were in bad condition, my left foot slipped out several times. I understand MTB bikes for rental are used and abused, but for the price I pay the very least I expect is a 100% functional bike, not a "sorry" or a "better bring your own pedals". They need to improve their rental bikes. No excuses.
