5	First, I want to say thanks for opening a great pizza place near me in the Southwest. It's right off of the 215 and Town Center. It's next to Hokkaido and Rachel's Kitchen. Next, the restaurant is very cool looking with a covered outdoor patio. I'm sure they are waiting for the weather to get warmer but they have heat lamps out there so they can use it now... hint hint =) The interior is sleek and urban with orange and brown accents that match their logo/theme. The restaurant is split into two sides, the dining area and and the bar area. I like this because there is a separation between both which has a different vibe for each. Dining area is much more family feel while bar is casual cool wine lounge with yummy food. OF course the centerpiece are the two pizza ovens in the kitchen area. And if you are wondering, that's the kitchen... that's it, all open. Isn't that crazy?And you can if you want, stand up at the glass partition to watch them make your pizza. I watched them for a bit and that's when Chef Carlos said hi and told me about the open kitchen. I just got off work and was hungry so I went straight for the good stuff.. the pizza. There are two kinds of pizza: Neapolitan or Roman. I was like, what is Roman style. Apparently, it's like a cracker crust. I will try next time. I ordered the Picante (cuz I like it spicy), and added garlic and an over-easy egg. I love pizza places that add egg to the top of the pizza! Well needless to say, the pizza was amazing and spicy. The Sopressata, red peppers, garlic, San Marzano tomato and egg all worked together. The crust is thick enough to hold the toppings and probably a couple more. I usually dip my remaining crust in olive oil and I ended up pouring the olive oil all over the pizza - some good olive oil. Next time I will need to try the app, esp the Carpaccio, Gnocchi, Scampi the Mozzarella Bar, and of course more pizza. Ciao!
4	3 1/2 starsThis place has only been open a week but it was hoppin' on a Wednesday night. The food was good! Some things were just underseasoned.  After we added a little salt, it was very good. I'll definitely go back.Dined as a party of 5.  We ordered the panzanela salad, beef carpaccio, gnocchi, tartufo pizza, due forni pizza, prosciutto e rugolla (sp?) pizza and the chocolate pizza.  4 glasses of wine, a beer,  and an iced tea. Bill $160, so $38 each person with tip.The panzanela was our least favorite.  The bread/croutons were too crunchy and the cheap tomatoes a dissapointment.The gnocchi was perfect! lovely, truffly, and al dente.The carpaccio was very good, nice portion, pretty presentation but needed salt.The tartufo pizza was excellent in theory but, once again, just needed salt.  The prosciutto pizza was great and the balsamic added a sweet surprise.  Due to the nature of the prosciutto, this one was salty enough and tasty!The due forni was a great balance of flavors with a generous amount of sausage.  We had this one the crispier roman style.  It was very good.As a non-dessert lover, even I thought the chocolate pizza was magical! One chocolate pizza is easily enough for 6 people. it was perfectly decadent without being too rich or too sweet.Nice selection of wines by the glass for fair prices.  Same for the beer.Cute inside. Modern and welcoming.The service was excellent without being obtrusive.  We had no less than 4 people check in with us in a very sincere fashion.  The owner stopped by.  They thanked us when we left too.  Always nice!  Our server was friendly and made good suggestions.  A nice addition to Summerlin.  I'm confident they'll do well.
5	Went opening night with a friend of mine and sat at the bar. Cool vibe, le dolce vita meets 1970's jazzy chic. A very insouciant but very sexy (depending on how much wine you've sipped) modern feel. I live in Green Valley so although the location is rather far it is literally right off the Town Center exit so not too bad on time. I should probably hit the Flamingo LVAC then take the next exit for pizza here. (: We ordered the crudo, carpaccio, prosciutto and caramelized onion pizza roman style, and the chocolate pizza. For two people we were rolling out of there. Very very delicious. I love my ceviches, pokes, tartares and crudos. This one hit the spot with yummy yummy olives in the mix. Fun take on carpaccio, although I will say the balsamic glaze was used as a decoration and the rolls didn't have much punch to them alone. There wasn't enough of the decorative glaze to sauce up all the pieces adequately. The pizza was super delicious. I've never had Roman style, very crunchy.And after all that, they brought out the chocolate pizza. Died and gone to heaven. Perfect balance of chocolates, hazelnut, chewy dough and strawberries. Yum Yum Yum. Do not forget to try this. Next time I'll certainly try the cheese bar. Due Forni also has an enomatic wine system, like Hostile Grape and Noras. It's not uncommon in the valley. One of the benefits of this system that many people and establishments underestimate it its preservation of a bottle. On Due Forni's wine BY THE GLASS list you can find prices in the $60 range because the Enomatic system can preserve that bottle for a long enough period of time to sell the entire bottle by the glass. Some people may think it's a ridiculous price, however its about quality. Instead of buying a entire $200plus bottle you can try just a glass. I read a couple reviews on a different site that were really harsh about this and I'm just not sure they understood. Prices of values of wine can also vary greatly from year to year, just because you think you saw a particular estate on sale at Lee's for $30 a bottle doesn't mean Due Fornis is putting the same year/bottling in your glass for $60. Be an educated consumer if you want to throw around complaints like that. I also am a fan of classic italian cocktails and Italians love their spirits and liquors as well as their wine. Perhaps a larger portfolio of classic italian cocktails and the spirits they require might be a nice addition.
5	hooray! more great pizza in Las Vegas......lots of other great things on the menu too...can't wait to go back and try more stuff!
4	One of the most important qualities of a place to me is service.  I was blown away by the knowledge the server knew from the food to the wine.  He recommended specific wines to each my friend and me and we both loved them . We had the turkey meatballs (yummy) and tried one of their pizzas with the Roman crust, also delicious.  The price point is a little high, but I'm guessing it is because the quality of the ingredients is high.  My only suggestion would be to add a bit more to the menu.  The selection is small.  I feel like the apps are more of a side meal item verses an actual appetizer.  Also the menu is a bit hard to understand for someone that isn't familiar with the type of food.
5	My husband and I have been there twice now and each time it was amazing; delicious and great service. The first time we ate there we had four in our party and we shared two salads (Caesar and Panzanella), an appetizer (Carpaccio), and three pizzas (Tartufo, Prosciutoo e rucola, and Due Forni).  Everything was delicious and the Tartufo was the best!The second time we went it was just my husband and me and we had the Semolina Gnocchi (OMG - I could eat that all day long - scrumptious!), the Mozzarella Bar- Stracciatella w/marinated roman artichokes (deelish!) and the Biana al Prosciutto Cotto (my favorite pizza, so far). You cannot go wrong whatever you order and the pricing for the quality of ingredients is extremely fair. The chianti is also very good and we plan to return to Due Forni again and again.  Perhaps they'll open one in Henderson some day, but until then, I will happily drive the 215 to eat at the best pizza restaurant in the Las Vegas Valley.
4	When entering the restaurant, I couldn't help but become fixated on the radiant orange bar top that helps partition the restaurant into two sections.  Both the bar tender and the hostess acknowledge our entrance and we were immediately seated.Our waitress arrives promptly with a pitcher of water, filling the custom made, perhaps hand blown glasses, mid way with chilled water.  We decide to start off with the Tricolore Salad.  Plenty for two to share, the salad was light and crisp, and not overdressed.  The avocados were omitted, perhaps an inventory issue.For our entree, we chose the Due Forni pizza - Roman style.  The crisp twelve inch pie was exceptional.  Fresh buffalo mozzarella generously topped with homemade sausage, fresh bacon, and garnished with a lonely yet aromatic basil leaf.  The pizza, atmosphere, and service were all top-notch.  The level of service and friendliness of the staff and management would make you think that this place had been open for years.  I live about 15 miles away, and will definitely return.
2	I went for the first time on Friday night with my boyfriend and our friend.  2 beers, 2 glasses of wine, mozarella, a salad and a pizza for $74.  The price point was too high for our taste.The place has a cool vibe.  We sat outside, under the heat lamps, and had a laugh over the bright orange plastic chairs, which reminded all of us of the chairs in elementary school.  The dark wood, which so many people find "modern" is straight out of the late 60s, early 70s, especially with the "burnt orange" chairs.  My aunt's fridge was the same exact color.The service was awesome, as one would expect it to be in a new restaurant.  Everyone was VERY knowledgeable and helpful, which we greatly appreciated.We split the panzanella salad, which was fine, but certainly not spectacular. We did all appreciate the freshness of the ingredients.  We then split a classica mozarella bar with the artichoke hearts.  The mozarella was good, the artichoke hearts were completely underwhelming.  The quantity of them was sad, sad, sad, and they were very lightly seasoned (to put it mildly, we found it bland.)Last, our pizza.  We had the Prosciutto e Rucola on the Neopolitan crust, as was recommended by our server.  The crust was the perfect blend of crunchy and chewy, the prosciutto was plentiful, and the flavor was, well, pretty bland.  There was so little smoked mozarella that I don't think I even had a bite of it on my slice.  We contemplated desserts, but with only 3 choices, and none of them all that appealing to us, we decided against it.  We were kinda bummed by the lack-luster performance, as we frequently walk to Rachel's for breakfast and lunch, and Hokkaido for dinner, and we were excited to have a cool place to hang out and eat some tasty food.  But the reality is, for the price and the mediocre food, I don't see us going there again any time soon.  I much prefer going to Nora's on Flamingo and Jones for salad, pizza and wine.  Their food is superior, and I don't leave there hungry.
4	Four stars for the unique menu (truffle pizza and the Mozarella app rocks), the top-notch imported quality of the food, the outdoor dining patio, the excellent wine selection, the awesome atmosphere and decor as well as the friendly and attentive wait staff - oh ya and the location is great too.Deducting one half star for the prices:  A typical casual meal includes 1x app, 1x pizza, 4x glasses of wine and 1x desert + tip and puts us at $100 to $120 bucks every time.  Overall everything is just overpriced.  I feel like I should be getting a more upscale experience for this level of spend.Deducting one half star for the consistent short pours on wine.  I've been here 3 or 4 times and seeing a place branding itself as a wine bar but serving small pours is just a bummer; especially @ an average of $15 per glass.  Nora's and Vintner bar does better here for you winos out there.Overall the place has a great vibe and superb food so it's hard not to go back (and we will).  If it were just a little more reasonable we'd dine here more often.
5	I've been looking for a place that cracks an egg over pizza. Thanks to Debbie N's review, that place is Due Forni.The name means Two Ovens in Italian. When I walked in, the owner showed me the two ovens, which are both on full display from the dining area. (I just assumed he's the owner because he seemed very welcoming and grateful that I chose his establishment). On this occasion, I was just there to pick up a take-out order, but the interior is very classy. There is a bar area on one side with a dining area on the other.We decided to go with the Tartufo because it's the one with the over easy baked egg. The other ingredients are black truffle, parmesan crema, fontina fontal, and roasted cremini. I didn't realize it at the time, but based on the menu description, I guess we had the Neapolitan style pizza. Each of their pizzas can be ordered Neapolitan or Roman. That's why they need two ovens. The Neapolitan is baked at 900 degrees for no more than 90 seconds whereas the Roman is baked in a 500-degree oven for 3 minutes.Although the egg was extremely undercooked, the pizza was oh so good. It is certainly an expensive pizza if you look at the size versus the price ($20.95 for the Tartufo), but the ingredients were high quality and the crust was cooked to perfection. We paired that up with a Tricolore salad, consisting of farmers market greens, taggiasca olives, artichokes, avocado, and white balsamic. Wow was this salad excellent. Great flavor throughout with (again) high quality ingredients and a reasonable price ($9.95).It's not in my area of town, but I would return to Due Forni in two heartbeats.
5	WOW! I am a pizza snob, I must admit. Im on an elusive trip to find really good pizza in Las Vegas. The pizza here is fabulous. Its not your average pizza parlour with sausage peperoni pizza( though I love those too), but an upscale creative use of fresh and high quality ingredients. I love the thicker crust Neopolitan. It is soft and has a wonderful flavor. Some crust has a yeasty tang, this is perfect!!!!We also had the gnocchis. Dont think the typical potato and flour combo, think a fatter short noodle. They toss them in a sauce with smoky bacon, peas and cheese. SSSSOOO tasty!We couldnt choose what dessert to pick, so we orderd the chocolate pizza and the sweet ricotta. Amazing for both!!! The pizza is on the same thick crust with high quality choco poured over it wht strawberries and almonds and a dollop of vanilla gelato. The sweet ricotta is not too sweet though it has a thick honey poured over it and sprinkled with chopped pistachios. I cant wait to go back!!!
4	This was a higher quality dining experience, everything went smoothly. The food was predictably good. We ordered the tartufo and due forni pizza. Go with the thicker crust (our server suggested it so we did go thicker for the tartufo but since it was our first time there we went thin for the due forni pizza and wish we had not. also another comment i have is the due forni is not as flavorful as the tartufo). Our server upsold us on the sweet bufala riccota dessert (with honey and pistachios) in turn we ordered americanos. See what I am saying? All around smooth and pleasant dining experience. I didn't try any of their wines maybe that is why my opinion is this: Even though everything was great, I don't see myself coming back for a long time. Or maybe it is the minimal menu that does not excite me past the tartufo.
5	I hesitate to call Due Forni a "pizza place," because it really is so much more (and so much better) than the pizza places in town people typically rave about like Grimaldi's or Sammy's Woodfired Pizza. Nevertheless, Due Forni is a pizza place that makes pizza two ways - one with a crispy-on-the-outside but soft-on-the-inside Neapolitan crust, or a thin crispy Roman crust. You can choose either cooking method for any of the pizza choices, and while some pizzas favor one method over another, both ovens (the "forni" in Due Forni) make amazing pizzas.As for the pizzas themselves, we tried two. The first was a traditional pizza with tomato sauce, buffalo mozzarella home made sausage bacon and peppers which was absolutely delicious. In particular the "house made" sausage was very good - outstanding really. I should also say the tomato sauce tasted like it was made from tomatoes grown in your grandma's garden - incredibly fresh and flavorful. The other pizza we had was the "Tartufo," and although it's the priciest food item on the menu it was easily worth every penny. Roasted Cremini mushrooms, black truffle and a "easy baked" (read: practically raw) egg made it one of the most remarkable pizzas I've ever had. Truffles on anything is going to make it great, but this pizza is truly special. Equally special was the "chocolate pizza," and before you dismiss it as some sort of lame Italian version of a Choco-Taco, imagine this - a chocolate hazelnut ganache (think of the best Nutella you can possibly imagine) spread between two layers of their already amazing pizza crust. Then the whole thing is baked in the oven and served hot with chopped strawberries, drizzled chocolate, chopped hazelnuts and ice cream. Like the Tartufo, I've never had anything like it.The restaurant has only been open for about nine weeks, and even so everything seemed to be running along very smoothly. The decor is modern and very well done without being too stuffy, but don't expect to catch the game while you scarf down pizza and beers with your bros - it's not that kind of place. We brought our children in for dinner on the early-side and were made to feel welcome, though if your kids aren't great at eating out I'd probably pick another place. Some people here on Yelp have complained about the prices, but considering the quality of the food and the atmosphere I thought the prices were right where they should be. Also, everything on the wine list was available by the glass as well as bottle (something I very rarely see). Our service was great and everyone was very friendly and knowledgable about the menu and wine list. Due Forni is the kind of place that Summerlin has been missing - a great concept with great food executed almost perfectly. I highly recommend it and hope it's around for a long, long time.
4	So I'll have to preface this with the fact that I don't eat undercooked eggs. In fact, I have a fear of them and can't even watch people eat "egg goo". I'm sure I'm missing out on part of the magic of this restaurant by not ordering the egg-goo pizza, so perhaps this would be a 5 star review if egg-goo was my thing. The decor of this place was awesome - chic, clean, and modern. Service was quick and polite. We ate here on our lunch break so I appreciate good service when I'm trying to dine quickly. We settled on the gnocchi and the prosciutto pizza . The gnocchi wasn't dense like most gnocchi I'm used to, but was utterly fabulous. The bacon was divine and the peas and light sauce were perfect. YUM. The pizza was pretty damn good, but I like Settebello FAR better. The crust was very similar, but I found the cheese/topping ratio at Due to be off. I didn't really taste any cheese, but my pizza was covered in tons and tons of proscuitto and salad. I will say, ounce for ounce, you're getting a ton more meat on the pizza here, but it was in obnoxiously huge pieces there were impossible to eat without cutting. But then cutting the meat ended up making the entire pizza fall apart. Settebello just holds together better. Also, I love the Carbonara pizza at Settebello featuring a FULLY COOKED (and goo free egg!). Additionally, the prices at Settebello are much better. I felt like I was eating good pizza dough with tons of meat and salad on it here. The balsalmic on it was tasty, but just added to my meat salad feeling I was getting. Truffle oil and more cheese would have served this pizza well ! I do love Italian style pies, so I'm pleased to have another option in Vegas. Don't miss the fabulous pasta, this place has many exciting options besides pizza !
3	A very pricey pizza place.  I've said before in another review that I have a hard time paying a lot for Italian food, and this place is expensive.  We paid over $50 for a pizza that was on the smallish side, an app, and 2 drinks.  It's a pizza place; $50?!?Drinks: They have a full, but limited bar.  My husband wanted a Jack and Coke, but they don't carry Jack.  He ended up getting a Bulliet and Coke, which came in a very tiny glass.  Even though it was tiny, it was a pretty strong pour, I gotta give them that.  I had a very nice glass of wine for around $11, so not bad.Food: Beef carpaccio for an app.  It is rolled like a sushi roll and the meat is sliced thicker than other carpaccio I've had, so you could really taste the meat.  I very much enjoyed it.  After, we ordered the Due Forni pizza.  It was $16 and I was a little dismayed at the small size of it when we got it.  More dismayed when I started eating it and there was hardly any toppings; it was a lot of dough.  That's some expensive, bare pizza.Service: Overbearing!  The moment we walked in, we had two people greeting us with plastered on smiles from both sides of the restaurant.  When seated, a guy who I think was the manager came over and talked forever about every menu item and the ingredients in each one.  Let me look at the menu and if I have questions, I'll ask thankyouverymuch.  But the kicker was when my husband's drink was finished...3 different people asked if he wanted a refill literally within 30 seconds.  Too many hands in the cookie jar if you ask me.  The waitress was also very pushy when we declined dessert and kept insisting we try something.I think I'd come here to sit at the bar and have some drinks, but I wouldn't spend that much money on the pizza again.
3	This new Summerlin pizza joint has got some great potential. Keyword, potential. They have a .nice concept with the two ovens dishing out pizzas in ways that encourages a little experimentation. The decor is hip but comfortable. Its cozy on one end and social on the other. We tried an array of fresh mozzarella with tomatoes, basil and prosciutto. Delicious in taste and texture. We ordered a couple pizzas so that we could taste the different crusts and cooking methods. All-in-all pretty good. A little salt helped and the center of the pizzas were soggy but still pretty good. Were they really blew it was on the wine. They offer a nice selection but when ordering a glass they got stingy and for the.price, it was really disappointing. Customer service was good but there's just way too much information going on for pizza in my opinion. Regardless, it's a good addition.
4	Grimaldi's is still my favorite pizza in town, but Due Forni is a solid second.The customer service here is excellent!  I recently branched outside of my usual Grimaldi's (Eastern & 215) and tried the Rainbow & 215 Grimaldi's location.  The customer service was terrible, so it was a welcome occurrence that everyone in Due Forni went out of their way to make sure my friend and I were taken care of.  No doubt, it was dead on a Sunday at lunchtime, but still, it was much appreciated.My friend and I started with the Due Forni caprese.  This was incredible.  Please see the photo if you don't believe me.  Buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes and a spicy sopressata.  Great flavor, just enough spice.  Mozzarella was fresh and yum.My friend and I split a bottle of wine - Nero d'Avola.  Good wine, particuarly for the $32 price tag.She ordered the Margherita pizza and I ordered the Picante.  We both chose neopolitan style. (Two choices of crust, chewy or crispy).  I had never tried sopressata before, but apparently I'm a huge fan.  The picante pizza also contained the spicy meat and I loved it!  Very good pizza with a spicy kick.  Would definitely return to Due Forni when I want a change from Grimaldi's.
5	This place is excellent.  Many of the reviews mentioned the high price, but the quality of the ingredients warrants it.  The mozzarella and tomato sauce on the pizzas are awesome (these have been my primary food groups since birth, so I think I have some authority on the matter).  The truffle pizza is a must try - very unique and incredibly delicious.  This is definitely my favorite pizza in town.
2	I came in for lunch and had a veggie Roman pizza.  The pizza was good, but I would rather go to Settabello anytime.  Our server was way to eager.  We sat on the patio and there was one other couple in the restaurant.  The waiter was nice, but he was trying to act like we were dining at a 5 star restaurant.  It was just to over the top for a casual pizza restaurant.  It was good, but to me nothing special.  And the wines are absurdly over priced.
4	A little wine and pizza for lunch. And although a lot looked great on the appetizer end of things..we got what we came for. One roman and one Neapolitan. Ordered the prosciutto e rucola for the Neapolitan pizza which was awesome. The smoked buffalo mozzarella really brought it to a whole new level. Crust was light, chewy and just the way we like it. The roman margherita was just ok. We weren't crazy about the crust but I think that's just our preference. Will probably be the one and only time we get roman. Glad we tried it though. Nice wine selection. Friendly service. Atmosphere was great. We'll definitely take advantage of the outdoor seating when it isn't windy. Definitely top 5 pizza for Vegas but there's another place that begins with "S" in Henderson that's still #1 for me.
5	Yum, yum, yum! The food is beyond delicious and oh-so-flavorful. I take a bite of pizza, or a bite of salad, and it's like there is a party in my mouth! I'm not a foodie, so it's difficult for me to describe the food. But I can tell you it's tasty and fresh. I think I like the salads the most of all. Service is friendly and warm. And the atmosphere is so slick and sleek. Whoever did the interior design did an impeccable job. However, it's not overly fancy either, so feel free to dress in jeans. Due Forni is quite chic, without being snooty.
3	Pizza was great, but the salad was weak and the prices are too high. Cool room, with the now omnipresent "Edison bulbs" hanging in rows from the ceiling.  Those are the long lightbulbs with the long filaments that give off a warm, old-timey light.  Service was great, although we were pretty much the only people in there.The problem is the wine prices are way inflated.  I'm in the bizness.  I know what they're paying for their wine wholesale.  The wines by the glass are marked up 4 times their cost.  The pizzas were fantastic, but they're so thinly crusted and scantily topped that I could polish one off myself and have room for cannoli.  That's fine, but it's a neighborhood pizza joint!  Dinner for 3 should not cost almost 200 dollars when we don't even leave with a buzz.Also the "dessert pizza" was atrocious.  God awful.
4	Service was great, thin crust pizza awesome and good red wine for $8 per glass.  One pizza feeds one person for 13-20 cost range plus drinks and a salad or appetizer.  The creamy mozzarella plus pesto was excellent and enough for two to share for $11.  Food quality, service and atmosphere are far superior than a Pizza Hut or typical pizza place and yes you pay more!  I would recommend to them a kids pricing menu with games for $5 range and a family feeds four couple of pizzas and salads and appetizers for around $40.Wayne Gorsek
5	We came in for an early dinner on a Friday night. I was surprised that there wasn't a children's menu but the staff was very helpful on kid friendly options. Thank goodness my kids love cheese pizza anyway. My husband and I ordered wine, salad, and an appetizer plate which was perfect for us. For dessert, we enjoyed the chocolate pizza but I LOVED the honey ricotta dessert.....YUMMY! (I would have been happy w/wine and the ricotta ;))Anyway, the prices are high but the quality of the food, wine, and ambiance backs it up. I will be coming back with just the hubbie and taking a taxi so that we can have more vino. This would make a wonderful "let's mellow out and have some wine with good food" date night.As for bringing the kids, the pre-dinner rush is a better time if you have to bring them, but beware of the limited choices. Importantly,  I would like to stress that the staff DID make us and our kids feel welcome. But if you can find a babysitter, you may be able to relax more.
5	I had been wanting to try this place and sealed the deal today when we took advantage of Due Forni's free wine from 4-5 offer for Facebook fans. The happy hour wine is DELICIOUS and ice cold (the white, anyway), and the service at the bar was great. We had the beet salad with pesto, arugula, and shaved drunken goat, bacon gnocchi with truffle butter (very carbonara-esque), prosciutto pizza with fontina, balsamic glaze and caramelized onions, and the chocolate pizza- which was covered in powdered sugar, strawberries and Nutella. I can barely move right now from the indulgence but it was worth every bite. Everyone we met who was working was awesome. Very social and friendly but not over the top. I am from San Francisco and have been missing the food culture that SF is known for- every little bar and restaurant is outstanding. Due Forni is reminiscent of the food, wine, and service experience that SF has to offer. We are happy with our local restaurants in Summerlin but this was the first time in awhile that 've been compelled to write a Yelp review! Can't wait to go back.
5	Well, if you want a great pizza, fresh salad and great atmosphere, Due Forni is a great local spot in Summerlin!   Started of with a Moretti on draft! Refreshing!! Then orderedtheTricolore Salad. Fresh, light and delicious! Now for the pizza. The Margherita was the choice. Mozzarella, tomatoes and basil. About as simple as you can get. Neopolitan crust!!! Crisp, yet chewy, the way pizza crust shoule be!! Yummy yum yums!! One pizza was just enough for two people. I should have ordered two! Next time, I look forward to ordering the Tartufo, truffles and a baked egg on top, and the Due Forni, with their homemade sausage!!  Over 25 wines by the glass, and a great semi enclosed patio, Andy and his staff have it going on!!!  Till my next visit.....d
4	This place is Italian pizza dolled up with compilation of flavors.  Start off with their chef's platters.  It is an amazing colorful antipasto with prosciutto that melts in your mouth and the creamy buffalo cheese that is shipped in from Italy.  Brace yourself and open your palate, I prefer the Neopolitan crust pizza. It is thin and chewy with a crunchy bite. For a unique pizza that you cannot get anywhere else is the Tartufo -Truffle confetti with a cracked egg and that is spread throughout the pizza.  So by the time it gets to your table, you will see a marble of yellow and white painted and then drizzle with white truffle oil.  The night I went, the chef's special was foie gras pizza with summer-ripe peaches.  Brilliant flavor pairings.  For dessert, please try to honey riccotta cheese sprinkled with chopped pistachios.  It's savory, sweet and crunchy!
1	If yuppie out of touch elitist pizza is your flavor then this place is for you.  I consider myself well versed in food and even this menu defeated me. I noted it was my first time to dine there and still no explanations of the menu.
5	Love this place! Has a great atmosphere and everyone here is always so pleasant! Food is good and the wine is wonderful!
3	I am happy that I tried this place twice.  The first time I felt like I had an over-priced lunch, and that we went away hungry.  However, the second time we went with a larger group and tried the mozzarella appetizer, a salad and pizza, along with a few items off of their lunch menu. (The lunch menu was initially unavailable, but was a pleasant surprise on the second lunch visit) The wine was pricey, but the food was worth the visit.
5	Great hip place with a unique current menu. The pizza is great the salad was also very good and the service was excellent. We will be back.
3	Oh Due Forni, I'm not sure what to say!We came here with friends last night before a concert.  They had been there before and we had not.  They told was it would probably be the most expensive bill for a pizza place we have ever had- they were right!-2 Stars: The server, who we really couldn't understand, except for the fact that he wanted to make a "recommendation" on EVERYTHING, which was super annoying. I think he kinda ruined my perception of the place. I ordered a glass of Riesling (which is spelling wrong on their menu) ($10.95) and he made the "recommendation" of Grechetto ($11.95).  I asked him "if it was like a Riesling" and he said "no, but its my favorite" and i said "well I like Riesling" and then he proceeded to tell me that Grechetto is good... blah blah blah, so to make him shut up I ordered it.  And no, I didn't like it.He kept coming back to the table and interrupting our conversations. (We still had the menus open).  We said "sorry, we are kinda slow" which he took for "let me make some recommendations" which we didn't need.  He came back twice and asked if we wanted appetizers.  Again, we told him that we needed some time, but he stood there so we ordered his "recommendation" of the Chef's Platter ($18.95), which included: meats, cheeses, bread, artichokes, olives, red peppers, basil.  It was a good little platter, however, I could have done without it and the price tag that was a little high for it.We then ordered two Neapolitan Margherita pizzas. It's a wet pizza, that is cut into 4 large slices.  The crust has good flavor with some chew to it.  If you are familiar with Settebello's pizza, its is almost the same, except  Due Forni is not as good. One of our friends asked if they had any "italian sodas".  The server said "yes, limoncello".  She looked at me, I said "actually that is alcohol" And she said, "yea, I don't really drink alcohol, but I was just looking for italian soda, its ok if you don't have it" he said "can I make a recommendation of the limoncello.  actually many people ask for it".  UMMMM WTF?!  My friend said "ok, let me make sure I understand, you do not have italian soda, correct?" and he said "yes, we don't have them".  Then the stupid waiter made another "recommendation" for another alcoholic drink.  She ordered it to get him away from the table.  The drink he "recommended" was $16.00 and filled half of a champagne glass.  Man, he sure did his job of racking up our bill!We finished dinner with some chocolate gelato (which was super rich, but very good), a latte and a cappuccino.Maybe we were the stupid ones for ordering his "recommendations" and racking up a bill of $112+ for dinner?  I'm not sure.  Since I live 2 seconds from this place, I will probably go back to just to try the pizza again and that it is.  Some manager came over to the table at the end of our meal and asked if everything was good.  We all kinda laughed but said yes.  Then with his crazy eyes, he stared into my eyes and said I hope you come back.  It was a little weird.
5	I LOVE pizza, and Due Forni is one of the best pizza places I've been to in town.  The atmosphere is cozy, minimalist and modern, which is a nice departure from your usual Italian-immitation pizza places.  The menu isn't huge but it's definitely well-rounded and offers a lot of unusual, interesting choices.  Here's what we tried:Spinach salad ($8.95) -- this was the perfect size for 2 people to share.  The spinach greens were fresh and came loaded with great toppings like walnuts, orange segments, garbanzo beans and salty slices of ricotta salata cheese-- an interesting and delicious combo of flavors :)Due Forni pizza ($15.95) -- SUPER good!! You have a choice of pizza crust style and we chose the Neapolitan, which is thin and chewy.  The crust actually reminded me of pizza I had in Italy, which is very hard to find! The toppings were fabulous too -- homemade sausage, fresh mozzarella, bacon and roasted red peppers.  FYI, the pizza was only 12-14" in diameter so if you're super hungry, you should probably order your own pizza.  Ricotta drizzled w/ Honey & Toasted Pistacios ($6.95) -- this dessert was creamy and delicious and felt decadent without being too heavy.  The ricotta was incredibly smooth, not-too-sweet and when combined with the honey and pistacios...WOW!! Overall I was really impressed with this place -- the food was wonderful and uses high-quality ingredients that make the dishes special & memorable.  Service was great throughout; our server was very knowledgeable, polite and attentive.  If you're bored with your usual "we'll have a large pepperoni" pizza night, definitely check this place out :) Personally, I can't wait to go back!!
5	Just love~this place!!! I love the modern-hip atmosphere, not-overdone sincere friendly service, and amazing mouth-watering dishes! Spinach salad was good to the last bite with very light nutty taste and the chicken special was probably the juiciest well-cooked chicken I had ever eaten. And the Bianchi pizza...Mmmm Mmmm Mmmm...what did they put in their dough? Man, it's out-of-this-world GOOD! Another great find...thx to Groupon this time. I think their 2 brick ovens, "Due Forni" are gonna make me come here often :)
4	This is my new go to pizza joint.  And it's just a stone's throw away from my house!     The creamy buffalo mozzarella with pesto was awesome!  We went with the Tartufo pizza napoletana style because it had egg spread over it.  And also because I'm crazy for black truffles.   It was delicious!
4	Finally!  A pizza joint to call our own here in Summerlin!  And a PLUS???  There's wine here too!  Due Forni is a Pizza & Wine restaurant that is very quaint and trendy at the same time.  The ambiance is light and relaxed.On our first try here, my husband and I were on "date night," in other words, "sans enfants."  We started with the Chef's Platter of meats and cheeses.  We were very impressed to hear the server reciting every item on the platter with ease, from how she pronounced it (well, what do I know, I'm not Italian) to knowing the origin of each item.  Pretty good!  We commented on our journey we once had to Henderson (no, not a region of Italy, just the other side of Las Vegas) to Valley Cheese & Wine, in which we had sought out some specialty meats.  Surprisingly, the server knew what we were talking about and suggested we try  their selection!  It's always good to know that your server is well-versed with his/her menu.  PLUS!The pizza was amazing!  Melt-in-your-mouth delicious!  Roman crust or Neopolitan crust, your choice!  What really stood out, in my opinion, was their Panzanella Salad, made with arugula, onion, tomato, toasted pistachios, etc. with a light balsamic vinaigrette!  Just the way I like it!  The other stand-out-in-the-crowd item came from their dessert menu!  Lord Have Mercy!  You must try their Sweet Bufala Ricotta, rich ricotta with honey and pistachios!  Good Lord!  It was amazing!Lastly, we took a stab at Due Forni a second night, this time with the children.  Gotta admit, unless your kids have a worldly palate, they won't be as impressed as the adults are.  They did enjoy the Chef's Platter, but as a suggestion for pizza?  Stick to the Due Forni pizza, tomato, mozzarella, sausage and bacon (all exquisite ingredients), minus the oregano and peppers.Great place!!!  Will definitely return for more!!!
3	The Skinny: Some delicious dishes like their lusciously umami semolina gnocchi, or the subtle smoky tang of their Pizza Bianca were undermined by other dishes (3.5), Service/Ambience: uncomfortable wooden chairs, some small service issues although the server/hostess are friendly (3), others like the decor, The Good, The Bad and The Ugly come to play at this pizza joint (3.5).I'm conflicted about Duo Forni. After visiting this establishment 2 times (my hubby 3 times), there appeared to be significant difference between the two visits.The dark decor has its charms. Large plasma screens replay The Good, The Bad and The Ugly on a continuous loop. The spartan decorative lightbulbs hang from the ceiling while two large pizza ovens dominate the open kitchen area. FYI - the wooden chairs are not kind to the tush. A couple of weeks ago, we came for dinner with a friend and indulged in a great meal. We had their spinach salad, semolina gnocchi, Pizza Bianca and Duo Forni pizza. Several weeks later, we came into try their seasonal specials of foie gras pizza and sausage rapini combination which were not nearly the same quality as the first visit.Of note, the hubby preferred the Roman crust which is cooked at a higher temperature but for a shorter period of time. I have to admit, I'm conflicted about describing the crust. The first time, it was great - light, crispy yet with a little bit of chewiness to provide some substance (in a good way). Second visit, the crust was significantly denser and not nearly as delightful.Same experience with the spinach salad. First experience - wonderful sweet, savory flavours melding together. The addition of chickpeas, orange segments and nuts made it a complete dish. It was well dressed and seasoned. Second time round - although there was more spinach and condiments compared to the first time, the salad lacked flavour while the orange tasted a little odd.The semolina gnocchi here is more pasta-like than your typical potato dumpling gnocchi. However, the accompanying sauce was rich and umami-ish. The smokiness of bacon paired with the sweetness of peas was a great combination. The bit of truffle was the icing on the cake.Pizza Bianca had a great flavour profile - acidity of balsamic, sweet caramelized onion, salty prosciutto. Again, that first visit, the crust was superb. The Duo Forni pizza was just okay for me - I found their sausage to be a little too mild for my tastes and I wished there was a little more basil.Flash forward a few weeks and a more disappointing experience.Hudson foie gras mousse, peaches, caramelized onion was not such a great combination. There wasn't enough foie gras in the mousse to taste the goose liver while its beautiful luxurious texture became grainy/soupy on the pizza. It may have been preferable to serve the foie seared and on the side/on top. The addition of all the moist ingredients made for a more soggy crust.The rapini/sausage/pine nut pizza fared a little bit better with the crust however was lacking in flavour. Although we did substitute the blue cheese for fontina, the dish definitely needed some salt. The sausage was too mild for our tastes while the pine nuts left a burnt, bitter taste due to the high heat in the oven.In addition, we had a couple of small quibbles about the service. 1) Our table on the second visit was dusty and had crumbs on it (we could see the outlines of where the placemats were removed), 2) an empty plate was given to us with a hair on it (although it was quickly replaced when pointed out), 3) we had to put our leftovers in a box ourselves (you would expect an upscale casual place to at least box up your leftovers... I hate to mention competitors but Grimaldi's (similarly priced pizza joint) does it.). As I said, really minor stuff because overall the staff is great and they try hard to please.Overall, considering both visits, I'd give this place a 3.5 stars review. For the price, the food is probably a little expensive given the quantity. One would expect a $16 pizza or a $10 salad to be a wee bit bigger and to have more toppings. Regardless, it's a great addition to Summerlin area.
5	Went in for the pizza battle. Epic. $19.95 to build your own pizza (not physically, but hey), and free wine for ladies.. Chef judges all submissions, yet each pizza is full on delivery. I didn't win, but it was an awesome time. Looks pricey, but we're talkin top notch pies & a crazy good wine selection. Definiteley gets my dollar.. Ask for Marc for even more fun while dining
4	I'm usually not much for spending lots of money on a pizza.  However, Due Forni serves some pizzas that are absolutely worth the price.  I never have enough room for dessert, which is a shame, since their desserts look amazing.  I would give it 5 stars if it was just a teeny tiny tad bit cheaper.  As it is, we can only afford to go there once in a while.  But it's worth it every time!
5	Great pizza and other items.  A bit pricey but very tasty
5	The tartufo pizza and honey ricotta for dessert are heaven. I've been dreaming about them. I can't wait to come back.
4	I must admit I'm thoroughly impressed. I need to put Due Forni in the same sentence as "Napoletana Pizza" so if others searching for a great neopolitan pizza in the Summerlin area, as I have been for the past few years, do an Internet search, Due Forni shows up.For years, Papa Lou and I have been trekking to Settebello for our fave pizza, but I think Due Forni will satisfy my love for Napoletana pizza just fine. The crust was perfectly charred, soft and chewy. My husband ordered the Due Forni pizza on the Roman crust, and although the toppings were plentiful, they were not overwhelming at all; in fact, the sausage was delicious. The crust was light and crisp, but I much prefer the pizza I ordered with the Napoletana crust. I prefer not to muck my pizza up with toppings and go for the Margherita....and the fresh ingredients did not disappoint. We completely indulged and ordered the tiramisu gelato and sweet bufala ricotta with pistachios and honey -- OMG - it was un-freakin-believable! The ricotta was so creamy and delectable I would return just for that and that alone!Undoubtedly Due Forni is a place I will return to soon!
5	Due Forni has the best pizza I have ever had, a great ambiance, and great service. This is not your average pizza place. So happy I lucked out and found this place.Pros:-Awesome, authentic food-Great wine selection with everything offered by the glass and stored properly-Polite servers, bussers, and manager-Upscale ambiance-2 crust stylesCons:-Pricey for pizza (but totally worth it)Tried:-Smoked Bufala mozzarella (authentic and outstanding!--served with pizza crust)-Margherita-Roman style-Tartufo-Roman style (the best pizza I have ever had!)-Pozzan pinot noir (they keep their wine in a temperature controlled contraption behind the bar)-Tiramisu gelato
5	Did anyone mention bacon chocolate ice cream.  They are worth checking out on Facebook also because they post when they make special items.  I think they are the best lunch for the money on the summerlin side of town.  I also love the patio and the Edison light bulbs.  And BACON CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM.
5	Another great neighborhood restaurant in Las Vegas. I've only been twice for lunch but the food was outstanding. My personal favorite is the "Pulpo" Octopus salad but we had a really great pizza as well.Service is excellent, and the owner is almost always there (and it shows in the quality of food and service)Jason
5	Food: excellent!   I am a sucker for beet salad. The pizza was delish! Just askMy husband AND 3 yo dtr.  Great wine list. Ummmmmm  ya, we'll be back. Soon!
3	Went to try this place right after Settebello. My friend and I had Chef's platter, panzanella and prosciutto e rucola. Chef's platter- who doesn't like cheese?? It was huge portion for 2 people, it'd be enough for 4 people actually. Panzanella... errr I thought this is bread salad.... but it came with bunch of little croutons and slightly overdressed for my taste. The pizza, I thought it was good but if I had to pick which pizzeria, sorry to say but I have to say Settebello. In overall, I felt the menu's overpriced.. lucky, my friend had the groupon coupon for 50% off so it wasn't too bad but I probably wouldn't go there without a coupon.
3	A good friend recommended the place to us so we finally went for dinner. The pizza is very good. We had the bianca and kids had cheese pizza. It is a pricy place. Good wine selection but pricy. We also had spinach salad which was ok, lacked flavor. Even bread is not complimentary, $3 for 4 pieces of bread, it was very tasty. Pizza is enuf for 2 to share. Our waitress was very friendly and efficient. There was a manager (I think) that was talking to everyone in the restaurant... He went to every single table in the restaurant but did not say hello to us, I thought that was really rude. I dunno if it was because I am not native to this country.  He needs to learn his manners.
5	I'm no pizza expert but the ones I've tried here are the best I've had in town. Although I haven't made it to Settebello yet, which everyone raves about. Pizzas only come in one size, which are plenty for one, or good enough for two if you get some apps.+ I loved the Bianca al prosciutto cotto Neapolitan pizza ($14.95). Plenty of cooked ham, fontina, caramelized onions, oregano, aged balsamic on top of of chewy crust with just the right amount of char and crunchiness. + Our kid had a cheese roman pizza and the cracker-like crust was light and crispy.+ Panzanella salad ($9.95) - arugula, tomato, onion, toasted pistachios, croutons, balsamic vinaigrette. Large enough for two to share. Loved the croutons and pistachios.+ Beef carpaccio ($11.95) - thin sliced prime beed, arugula, pine nuts, parmesan, black truffle vinaigrette. Six slices of beef rolled up with the other ingredients inside and shaved parmesan on top. Really good flavors. Only negative were the light brown spots on the beef. I didn't get sick, so it's all good.+ Loved the long list of wines by the glass. They're dispensed from enomatic machines.+ Good service. Our guy was always checking in on us.+ Covered patio area with heat lamps and windows that they can open or close depending on the weather.4.5 Stars
5	We got a groupon for this place so made the drive away from City Center. I was wildly impressed with the OFF STRIP food on this trip to Vegas! This place is AUTHENTIC!! Their pizza ovens were imported from Italy. Toss an egg on your pizza, you wont regret it! The staff are friendly and the service is awesome! My advice, wander away from the Strip and eat like a local. Not only will you find some amazing food, you will save big bucks!
5	After hearing tons of rave reviews for this place I was so excited when the Groupon popped up.We finally made it here for a lunch today. I ordered the gnocchi lunch while my fella had the Due Forni pizza neopolitan style. Both the dishes were absolutely delicious. I also ordered the fresh brewed iced tea, mmm. All the food was beautifully presented and was incredibly flavorful.My fella was close to declaring this his favorite pizza place in town. It's definitely a tie for second to Grimaldi's with Settebello for me. I can't wait for another trip here, next time for dinner.
4	Upon my 2nd visit here, it's time for a review!Let me start by saying that being a native Chicagoan, I've really grown to appreciate very thin, crispy crust pizzas over the past few years.  Not that a great 4" deep pie isn't still wonderful, but not what I crave.With that being said, Due Forni pizzas are fantastic.  Top quality fresh ingredients, awesome crust, perfectly cooked every time.  I especially love the margherita pizza.  The basil tastes like it was just picked in the back garden.I really like the style of this place too.  The modern touches and always some spaghetti western on the TV.  Who would have thought a little Clint Eastwood would compliment fine Italian food so well?Service deserves 5 stars here!  The staff is awesome.  Very friendly and on top of everything.  You'll never need to ask for a refill of your iced tea!  And they keep their distance if the table is in conversation.  I hate "interrupty" servers.  (I know that's a made-up word)Now for the sad news...one star away from perfect because of the little flies and gnats that were bothering me.  Maybe something in a plant they had.  I'm sure this was a fluke.  I may revise this after another visit if the wildlife is under control.
5	Cibo eccellente! The food was excellent. I was watching a TV program about the history of pizza. They were discussing the roots of pizza as being a thin wood fired oven crust. It looked so good I decided to go on a quest to find pizza Napoletana in Vegas. I found Due Forni (through Yelp) which is about 20-25 minutes from the Hard Rock Hotel and casino. Upon arriving to the restaurant my wife and I were greeted by the host (manager) and seated right away. I knew we were in the right place upon smelling the amazing exotic aromas in the restaurant. The waitress came to the table right away and gave us a full explanation of the menu and wines. She was extremely friendly and helpful (which is rare in restaurants today). They were offering a special on a flight of three wines. The wines were excellent and $35 was a great deal considering one of the wines is about $180 a bottle.We started off with Stracciatella (soft and creamy) mozzarella and prosciutto san daniele. WOW! This mozzarella was so creamy and buttery and topped with a little prosciutto, YUM YUM! Next we had the Panzanella salad. This salad was composed of toasted pistachios arugula, onion, tomato with balsamic vinaigrette. An awesome combination of flavors; Intense onion and tomato and then smacked with a toasted pistachio over vinaigrette, yummy! We couldn't decide which pizza to choose but finally agreed on the Due Forni pizza Napoletana style( light chewy/soft crust crispy exterior). This pizza had san marzano tomatos, bufala mozzarella, home made sausage, bacon, and pequillo peppers). Holy smokes! What an incredible pizza. The delicious pizza had a woodsy crust crispy on the outside but very soft on the inside. The homemade sausage full bodied flavor, incredible. The combination of all of these ingredients made for one of the best pizzas I have ever had in my life.  I would definitely go back to Du Forni the next time I am in Vegas. The service was excellent, the ambiance was great, and most of all the food was AWESOME!
4	This place is fantastic.  I admit that I like it better than the similar Settebello in Green Valley.Try the beet salad - it is fantastic.
5	Loved the food and atmosphere!  First time there and I was blown away.  Try the fontina, prosciutto and onion pizza,  I was humming with every bite.  For dessert the chocolate gelato cover with warm bacon and sweet buffla ricotta topped with honey and toasted pistachios a must have with some nice port.
5	Damn.  I was taken aback by how much I enjoyed my meal.  Excellent service, too.  I had a groupon to use, otherwise I probably never would have tried it due to the prices.  I had the Tartufo pizza neopolitan style and the ricotta with honey and pistachios.  Seriously...ridiculously delicious.  I probably could have eaten two or three more of those damn pizzas.  Even though the pizza is 20 bucks, I'll probably still go back and have it, at least for special occasions.  Highly recommended.
3	Food was ok.  Wine selection was good.  Service was good.We went on a bad night - surprise wedding party.  The noise level was too much, servers were over busy with the wedding party and we end up paying way too much for a night out.I'll give it another try during happy hour when it's more appropriately priced.
5	Holy Crap! I think I might have a new favorite pizza place in town. This place is so great, I look forward to coming here again. We used a groupon and ordered some gnocchi and the Due Forni specialty pizza on Napolean crust. I loved every bite.
5	This is, hands down, the best pizza we have had in Vegas. We have eaten here half a dozen times now, and we are beyond satisfied each time. We usually order two pizzas, but we've gotten wine a few times and an appetizer once (this is how we stick to a budget!) Our favorite pizza is the Bianca--the caramelized onions make this pizza, and we order this one every time we go. We also love the margherita and four cheese. Last time we went was for our anniversary, so we splurged on wine (pinot grigio and orvieto). We weren't blown away by the wine, but it wasn't bad. We were really there for the food, anyway! We had the turkey meatballs, which were delicous and will be ordered again.The service at Due Forni has always been above par. The hosts are always solicitous and the waiters are conscientious and kind. We highly recommend trying Due Forni if, like us, you have been disappointed by the other pizza places in town.
3	The food here is good.  I like the pasta dishes actually better than the pizza.  Setebello has better pizza in my opinion.  The pasta is all excellent.The prices are what really brought down their rating for me.  My wife and I spent $60 for lunch having only one pizza, one pasta, and one glass of wine. That's an expensive lunch.Pizza was perfectly charred from the oven just how I like it.  The kitchen did a terrible job at cutting the pizza so each time we tore off a piece all the toppings fell off into a messy pile.  The pizza is good, but like I said it's a bit pricy and there are better places out there.We had the gnocchi which was amazing.  We got the one with bacon, peas, and truffles.  I would come back for just this dish.I had a glass of one of their cheaper reds, I didn't want to pay too much for glass of wine at lunch. The one I got was terrible, but for $8 the wine should be palatable no matter where you go.It's the best pizza in Summerlin which is convenient for me, but I would rather take the long drive to Settebello for good pizza.
5	Oh, how we love you Due Forni. Your pizza and staff always exceed our expectations. We cheated on you the other night with settebello....It just doesnt have the same caliber of anything you have. Your staff is always dressed so snappy and we are always greeted by the nicest gentlemen in a suit. I want to say Jessica was our waitress the last time we dined with you (she was fantastic!!). We live in Henderson and are willing to drive across town for your pizza.  I have yet to have anything on your menu I didnt love and the atmosphere is right up our alley.  Thanks Again!!! Jessica and James
5	Neapolitan, neapolitan, neapolitan. Quattro Formaggi is MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE. I dream about this thing. Share my dream, get this, you will thank me. And go to town on the apps...not gonna name favorites because it's ALL GOOD. Can't mess up. Chef Buscaglia is the man.
5	It was our first time at Due Forni. We were greeted by the staff right away and they were all very nice. We each had a salad and a pizza. The best part is they have gluten free crust and it is so good if no one told you would have no idea it is gluten free.
5	Best Pizza in town and we are kinda pizza snobs. A little pricey though. We like the Due Forni so much we order another!
4	Ok we were avoiding this place when it first opened because of its "chic-chic" exterior and I thought we'd be sharing a breadstick for $50, however we did end up giving it a chance one night for dinner and were pleasantly surprised & pleased by all the dishes we tried. The pasta was delicious as well as the pizza. The mozzarella was one of the freshest & best I have had anywhere. The staff was very passionate & knowledgable of everything on the menu. We will def be back & may become regulars!
3	Disclaimer:  I'm lactose intolerant, so, getting pizza for me is a pretty self-destructive event. But, occasionally, I just don't give a f*** and head out for a night of Italian pain.The location of Due Forni is really great.  Right off the 215, in a quiet strip mall, it's an easily accessible location.  I was really surprised though because the restaurant was packed on a Wednesday night.  Good sign.We ordered the Quattro Formaggio (yeah, I hate myself) with Roman-style crust (thin and crispy crust) and the Bianca pizza with Neapolitan-style crust (thick and chewy).  To dull the pain, I ordered a bottle of a grenache/syrah wine mix called Cashmere ($48).   I really enjoyed the Quattro Formaggio, the simple flavors of the mozzarella, ricotta, etc, went really well with the light Roman crust.  I would definitely order this again (well, not for awhile...).   I wasn't a big fan of the Bianca pizza, however.  The heaps of salty ham overwhelmed the taste--not a good thing since it was slightly cold and tasted like pre-packaged deli ham.  Bleck. Both pizzas came out lightning quick, though!  Don't worry about a long wait here.Because we were slightly drunk (yup, drank the whole bottle), we decided to order the chocolate pizza for dessert.  Talk about a decadent, rich ending to a meal.  Neapolitan crust, chocolate, nutella, hazelnuts, strawberries, vanilla gelato, etc.  Very good, but I wouldn't recommend it if you order pizza as an entree.  I felt very crust overloaded.Overall, I enjoyed it more than Settebello.  Pizza, obviously, isn't my thing but I think this place is one of the better spots in town.  I'll definitely go back for some wine!
4	I missed the Yelp Due Forni party awhile back, but finally had a chance to drop by and check out their specialty pizzas.The menu is pretty simple. Two styles of pizza crusts to select from. I personally enjoyed the chewy Neapolitan crusted Tartufo pizza, but I can live without the raw egg that is broken at the table and spread over the pizza, which didn't have sufficient heat to cook the scrambled egg.  But it is still safe, it is pasteurized.The surprising part of the meal was the organic Mint Camomile tea that is on the 'dessert' menu. I had it with my pizza and it basically cleanses my palette after every sip.If you enjoy watching games (football and basketball) with a few good slices of pizza, this is a good spot to drop by.Alex, I believe is the owner or manager was very nice. He spoke to every customer that I could see seated on the side of the restaurant I was sitting at (bar side).  It definitely had a positive contribution to the dining experience.And if that is not enough to convince you to check out Due Forni, I overheard that MOF Chef Jean Philippe (of Jean Philippe Patisserie) also drops in for pizza from time to time.  As well as many of the French chefs that works in Las Vegas.4 stars!
4	Hospitality looks to be a fundamental aspect of their business, because my friend and I got fantastic service from entry to departure. We entered the building to find no one at the host podium, but the bartender greeted us. Not too long after, we were not only greeted by one but two people before being guided to our table. Brief introduction of who our server would be, water filled, and suggestions were made. Ivan, our server, was attentive yet knew when lay back. It reminds me of a fine dining atmosphere without the over the top prices.We began our meal with the Pulpette ($9.95). An order of these turkey meatballs came with six golf ball size pieces. The meat was tender and moist, but nothing spectacular. The San Marzano tomato sauce was the opposite. It was my favorite part, making me wish I had bread to sop it up. Instead I just used the spoon. I shared a little before the rest went into my mouth. The proof is in the crust. As my least favorite part of a slice of pizza, it tends to be the first portion to be devoured. Although I still ate my pizza backwards, the crust was completely enjoyable. We got two pizzas made Neapolitan style. If I must eat crust, it better be chewy instead of thin and cracker like. The Tartufo ($20.95) is pricey, but justifiable after the first bite. Well maybe fifth, since I eat mine crust first. The egg that is broken and scrambled at the table adds a sense of showmanship that was appreciated. The Bianca De Proscuitto Cotto ($14.95) was my friends favorite. The ham and onion combo was nice, but the balsamic was unnoticeable. When it was time to divide leftovers, there was no mix and match, we just went for our preferences. The good thing about Due Forni is that they do have pizzas for any palate. If you saved room for dessert, definitely get their signature Sweetened Ricotta($6.95). Thing of the filling of a cannoli in a cup. The creamy cheese is sweetened with layers of honey and sprinkled with toasted pistachios. Decadence without chocolate. Who knew that was even possible.
3	Went to this place with MG for dinner.  The food was pretty good and the service was outstanding.  Attentive but not overbearing.  We started off with the mozarella bar with prosciutto.  Pretty damm good...Then we had the margherita pizza which was good; nothing great.  Had some prosecco with dinner and some sparkling water after the meal.  Best part was dessert: gelato.  Yummy!!!  Bill came to about $80 with tip...Would definitely revisit...
3	Nice atmosphere.  Good service. Fantastic food!
4	We went there for a friend's birthday party. The food was AMAZING! They had a special running on a spin-off of a Caprese Salad served with prosciutto that was simply delicious. We tried a few of their pizzas as well that were tasty. They actually had a great wine list. I usually shy away from wine lists at pizza joints but theirs was truly well kept. The only downfall was that the place is not kid friendly and our table happened to be in the focal point of the kitchen. The Chef's could see us eat. I felt like they were watching our expressions as we engulfed our meal. Just a little bit on the creepy side.
5	Due Forni where have you been all my life?  Quite possibly the best pizza I've had in my life. Comes in two styles Neapolitan and Roman, hence the name Due Forni or "two ovens?".  Excuse my poor italian. :)Here are the descriptions of the two crusts you can select for your delicioso pizzas:Neapolitan: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bPcqucuuClxYrIM8xWoArg?select=U9bozWCAPoMsgD6A2KAgDARoman:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bPcqucuuClxYrIM8xWoArg?select=4TSahuQoDAsDA4PC8B1jNQTo start, we had the Semolina Gnocchi which had smoked bacon, peas and black truffle sauce and it was so delicious.  Every single bite was savory and amazing.  Seriously it's addicting, you could eat that dish for dayyys.  Here's what it looks like: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bPcqucuuClxYrIM8xWoArg?select=eT9UIn-4wzxAYPnGMzAtOgThen we ordered two pizzas:Prosciutto e Rucola, Roman Style: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bPcqucuuClxYrIM8xWoArg?select=deH14nj-XsuXJswDmSV-8wAnd, Tartufo, Neapolitan Style: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bPcqucuuClxYrIM8xWoArg?select=O-tyy_7TCsHzNgwJLO99nwBoth pizzas were tasty, the prosciutto was fresh and melt in your mouth amazing.  But the highlight of the evening was definitely the Tartufo.  This is the "Egg Mcmuffin" of pizzas people.  The Tartufo came out and it looked so pretty with a nice over easy egg perfectly sitting in the center.  Then it our server brings out his spoon, cracks the egg and smears it across and around.  I was thinking to myself, "NOOOOOOOO, what are you doing to my pizza?"  Not realizing that if he didn't smear it, every bite wouldn't have egg in it..Took a bite and BAZZZINGA! amazing!  It was like a taste bud orgasm.  It was like a party in my mouth. It was like drinking from a fountain of truffle goodness.  It is pizza heaven!My buddy and I literally were blown away by the amazing pizzas and gnocchi.  The front of the house manager is super nice too.  He walks by every table and chats up a story definitely giving the place a home-y feeling to it.  Its very trendy with a wide selection of wines and they have a sample that you can try. I think it was 3 6 oz pours of 3 different wines for $30? i'm not exactly sure on the numbers but my friend and I were definitely here for the pizza. It is a shame that Due Forni is way out on the west side in West Summerlin but if you get the chance to try this place definitely do.  It was a foodie experience i will never forget and when i'm back in LV again, i'll be back for more TARTUFO!
5	My wife and I were at a meeting one day when someone commented on my Grimaldi's Brooklyn Pizzeria t-shirt. The conversation soon turned to pizza and someone mentioned Due Forni to us. We hadn't heard of Due Forni but it was almost dinner time so we decided to give it a try. We are extremely glad we did!    We arrived about 4:30 which was perfect because we missed the dinner rush. We sat at the bar which gave us the chance to converse with the bartender and restaurant manager so we could get some menu suggestions. Anyone that knows us is well aware that pizza would be part of the meal but we were ready to try a few other items as well.  We started our feast by ordering the Mozzarella Bar from the appetizer menu. WOW!! 3 different types of mozzarella served with roasted red peppers, basil pesto, white anchovies, olives, prosciutto, roasted tomatoes and marinated artichokes. A bottle of Nero d' Avola from the extensive wine list was the perfect accompaniment. I wasn't sure it could get any better, but I was wrong. Next up was the pizza. We ordered a couple of pizzas so that we could try the Roman and the Neapolitan crusts. We had the Due Forni on the Roman and a Neapolitan Margherita. They were both great.   For dessert we decided on two types of gelato; tiramisu and chocolate with crispy bacon crumbs. Both were very good but we had a surprise coming. The manager had suggested the whipped sweet bufala ricotta with honey drizzle and roasted pistachios, but we spurned the suggestion in favor of the gelato; what a mistake! The manager decided that we had to try it so he brought us one on the house. Don't get me wrong, the gelato was great but whipped ricotta was beyond incredible. It was whipped to an extremely light consistency, smothered with honey and topped with the pistachios. There aren't words to describe this dessert, just try it!  I would be remiss if I didn't mention the service; it was superb. All of the staff was friendly, attentive and very fast. We really enjoyed our experience at Due Forni and can't wait to go back. BTW, Due Forni is participating in Vegas Restaurant Week so it's a good time to check them out.
5	According to my husband the pizza here is, "exactly what italian style pizza should be!" The chef even split the salad that we were sharing as an appetizer for us.  We fell in love with the trendy, hip look of this restaurant. While we visited in February, we are excited to come back during the summer to dine out on the covered patio. Fabulous selection of wines and most are offered by the glass. This is certainly a new favorite of ours.
5	So my wife has recently had her Jones on for a return trip to Due Forni and I felt this past weekend was the time to make it happen. We had made our first trip to Due Forni in September of last year based on a tip we had received during a doctor appointment and fell in love with the place immediately. Unfortunately, we hadn't made it back until this last Friday evening and the experience was even better than the first time.  We were met at the door by the same guy that seated us on our first trip in and I turned to my wife and said, "This is one of the guys we were talking the last time we were here".  He overheard me and replied that he remembered us. At this point I was ready to throw the bullsh$t flag until he said to me, "You were wearing a Grimaldi's Pizzeria shirt the last time you were here". Wow!! Then he proceeded to tell us where we sat (at the bar) and recited part of our order! Are you kidding??!! Anyone that is that is that committed to knowing their customers has my business for sure. This gentleman, Alex, then took us to our table in the outdoor seating area.   Our server came over and took our appetizer order; the Mozzarella Bar with stracciatella style mozzarella and basil pesto. The creamy cheese was the perfect complement to the pesto and pizza crust that is part of this wonderful plate. This was truly a great start to an excellent meal. We also ordered the wine flights which came with a half glasses (about 4 0z.) of each Dolcetto, Barbera and Nebbiolo. The girls loved the Dolcetto and quite frankly I was a fan of all three. I will warn you that the Nebbiolo is a very full bodied, oaky wine. If you're a pinot or lighter zin drinker the Nebbiolo may put you in a head lock. You've been warned.  Dinner was what it always is for us at a place like Due Forni; Neapolitan style margherita pizza. Just like our first time at Due Forni we were very pleased with our dinners. The crust had the perfect char that you would expect from a good Neapolitan style pizza, sweet San Marzano pizza sauce and just the right amount of Bufala mozzarella and basil. As we devoured our pies another server named Adam came over to check on us. I recognized him from our first trip as well and asked him if tended bar part of the time. He said he did and he remembered us as well from our previous visit. Again, I was quite impressed that we were remembered.  We finished dinner with two of the same dessert we had before; chocolate gelato with crispy bacon crumbles and whipped bufala ricotta with toasted pistachios and honey drizzle. And once again, any description I would try to give wouldn't do them justice. The sweet creaminess of the chocolate gelato contrasted by the smoky, savory bacon works perfectly together while the fluffy whipped ricotta and toasted pistachios are a little slice of heaven.  I know this review is a little long, but I really believe that Due Forni is a must try restaurant for anyone that enjoys great food.
5	I would HIGHLY recommend this place!!! I met some friends and loved the setting. The food was terrific with great services including the manger/owner was very pleasant. Due Forni has the best pizza. I will be bringing back my family and as many friends that would like to go. Thank you
5	One of the best pizzas hand down! Went there with family for my pre wedding party. Though it was busy on a Thursday we were seated together right away. Everyone got very clean water and the wait staff was super attentive. Their meat and cheese sampler platter was enough to give all  6 of us a little taste before our teo amazing pizza's came. They were so crispy and yummy. And coming from someone who normally hates thinner crust pizza that's something!
2	It gives me no joy to write this.  I wanted to like this restaurant, but I gave it two visits and left unhappy both times.  The ingredients are fresh and the decor nice, but the service is bad and the food is disappointing.  The ingredients are fresh and high-quality, but the preparation seems lacking.Food:  Last time, we had the soft mozzarella board, which was decent.  Not amazing, but not bad.  My girlfriend had Polipo (octopus) which she said was fantastic.  Not chewy at all, and very tasty.  We shared a Tartufo pizza (mushroom and truffle), which I cannot recommend.  The truffles and mushrooms were overwhelming.  Too much of a good thing is not good.  This preparation has a raw egg over the top, which is supposed to get cooked by the heat of the fresh pizza.  Ours ended up runny and raw.    Tonight, we had D's Bees and the Boston for cocktails.  There were 6 specialty cocktails and we had two, but they tasted suspiciously similar.  Neither were good and we left them both untouched.  Management took one off the bill, which was very nice.  For our meal, we had beef carpaccio (which is a unique preparation of the dish), which my girlfriend thought was light and "interesting", but entirely forgettable.  We ordered a Margherita pizza, again with great ingredients and cooked well...but bland.  The branzino is one of the best pieces of fish I have had, but after eating it, I was hungry.  The Manager recommended desserts, chocolate gelato w/ bacon on top and ricotta gelato with pistaccios on top.  The ricotta was bland and decidedly "not worth the calories".  The chocolate gelato was good, but nothing special.  The General Manager was so enthusiastic and friendly, that he got in the way of our server, who was already undertrained and left alone to flounder.  He was so busy "bullshitting" that he failed to notice that he was talking to unhappy customers.  It was a classic example of thinking about what you are saying, rather than observing or listening.  And this was after he noticed we did not like our drinks.  When we talked about the drinks, instead of apologizing and moving on, he defended the cocktails and made as if we were at fault.  He did, on a positive note, bring over a type of gin that he thought we should sample.  It was interesting, but had little to do with our meal.  Honestly, this place is so close to what I want a restaurant to be, that it hurts.  By being so close, this failure of a restaurant becomes more frustrating.  Summary:  I spent $95 for a meal and left hungry and annoyed.  Two strikes and they are out.
5	They welcome you at the door.  I have never had to wait there.  It's in Summerlin by Town Center and the 215.The menu is very limited but the food that they do have is incredibly fresh and well prepared.Their breads are right out of the oven.  The cheeses are fresh and rich with flavor.If you haven't eaten here you are missing a Las Vegas gem.
5	Wow!  Our new best place!  This is a jewel for west LV...  We will be back.
2	We tried Due Forni for dinner during Restaurant Week. It's a good thing restaurant week supports a good cause, because it was not worth $65 for two. Not in the slightest.We started with eggplant caprese: Roasted Eggplant, Bufala Mozzarella, Basil Pesto. It was very good. I want replicate this at home, but make it a sandwich.Next, the husband dug into his Calzone: Turkey Meatballs, Mozzarella, Ricotta, San Marzano tomatoes. The dough was very doughy and bland. The meatballs were better than expected and I really enjoyed the freshness of the marinara sauce. I used it on my pizza.I had Pizza Speck: Smoked Prosciutto, Bufala Mozzarella, Roasted Mushrooms, Fresh Parsley neopolitan style. Baked at 900 degrees for a chewy crust with crisp exterior. Only it wasn't at all crisp and bland as could be. The center was soggy and it tasted like it wasn't cooked thru. The prosciutto was tough to bite and it was a mess.Dessert was more successful. Frank enjoyed his vanilla gelato and I liked the savoriness of the Sweet Bufala Ricotta, Toasted Pistachios, and just a hint of sweetness from the Artisanal Honey.I've read review after review that sing the praises of Due Forni and I wanted to love it, but I didn't. We agreed that we'd only return for dessert on a hot summer night. If we could give 1/2 stars I would in this case because it was really only the entrees that were so disappointing. At the same token, they were the entrees. I expected better.
3	"Due Forni Pizza and Wine" has unique pizzas and a variety of wines on its menu. It has attentive serving staff and comfortable ambience (in a weekday afternoon anyway). Its bar appears quite inviting. The enclosed patio with very large windows is nice, though facing only the relatively quiet parking lot by S. Town Center Dr. The menu is the same for both lunch and dinner; its prices a bit high for lunch, especially the wines, but OK for dinner.It offers two kinds of crust for pizzas. My wife and I tried the thin/crispy type with speck. It had a rugged presentation, but its PROSCIUTTO and crust were delicious in every bite. The Caeser's salad was also excellent. Our glasses of red wine ($12.95/glass) were excellent but a bit too pricey [Wine prices vary from $8-$15/glass for average wines, and $20-$50/glass for the more exotic].We were there in a late weekday afternoon, thus, only a few tables of guests there. Our attentive, friendly server told us that the restaurant got busy usually after 6pm.- No, Due Forni does not offer special "Happy Hour", but does offer $5/glass of selected wines from 5-7pm, as well as "Wine Sampling" at 20%discount per glass.We finished our meals before 6:30pm that evening, so we did NOT see any "Happy Hour Type" of crowd typically swarming at popular Roy's, Kona Grill, or Gordon Biersch around 3-7pm. The manager came over to ask us, quite sincerely, how we enjoyed our dinner - a very nice touch. We liked that. Yes, we plan to give Due Forni another try some weekends, when there will be a larger crowd.In Short:- If you like good pizzas, nice but slightly more expensive wines, and QUIETER ambience, say, for a late lunch/early dinner, then Due Forni is worth a try. But, if you prefer a more exciting (happily noisier) atmosphere of the happy hour with good food/drinks, then there are other better places than Due Forni.Peterskis, Mar 2012
3	The pizza was very delicious and the bacon chocolate gelato sounded strange to me at first but was very worth it. I would come to this place more regularly if the menu wasn't so pricey.
5	Every time I dine it has always been a lunch    What exceptional craftsmanship. The ambiance the staff the food all winners!   Since one of my favorite haunts recently closed I feel I've found a place of great quality for that go to feel like a rock star place!!!
3	Delicious soft cheese. Very good authentic Italian style pizza. Family friendly. A bit overpriced but I will go again
4	I was craving pizza.  We tried to go to Don DeMarco's but there was a 45 minute wait (at 8pm on a Saturday) so I called up Due Forni and they said "no wait!  come on in!"OK, so it's been almost a year since I've been here and I have to say- I think I may like them!We were sat instantly and the server was very nice!We ordered:- Glass of Riesling ($10.95)- Shared the Caesar Salad ($8.95)*comes out in two separate bowls and it's a BIG portion for splitting it!  It was VERY good!- Shared the Due Forni pizza ($16.95)*san marzano tomato, bufala mozzarella, house made sausage, nueske's bacon, pequillo peppers. *I'm not a huge sausage or bacon fan (gasp!) so they were able to do half of the pizza without it!- Homemade Limoncello ($10.95)*very good.  not too sweet.For pizza, appetizer and two drinks =$50, before tip.The service was a little slow, but everyone was very nice.We are now a fan and will be back, especially since its about 3 minutes from my house!p.s. We had leftover pizza, so the next day I put it in the oven at 350= perfection!
5	I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars for a number of reasons: First, they have great pizza and I find it better than Rocco's which I used to think was the best in Vegas. Second, we had some sort of cheese platter with various dips, can't recall the name, but what great appetizer. Third, I'd never heard of it and my son, who was in with his family from Brooklyn found it. He thought the pizza was better than the old Queen Pizzaria on Court Street in Brooklyn Heights, where he was raised and raised on pizza and I have always thought Queen was the best. Fourth, we went with his children (4 & 1), who were, and I say this somewhat proudly, remarkably well behaved, and they couldn't have been nicer in accomodating them. Fifth, I'm definitely a regular customer now...try this spot, it's wonderful...and the service couldn't be better.If I were to have a criticism, it would be the same as for so many restaurants in Vegas these days: Why is a television necessary? However, it was unobtrusive, the Clint Eastwood "Good, Bad...whatever" notwithstanding.
5	We live a mile from Settebello & LUV it (but the owner's always been a little off-putting).Good foodie friends were in town, and recommended Due Forni, so off the 4 of us went (2 red-blooded Italian-American sauce-snobs in tow) for a late lunch around 3pm Saturday.The design is a little trendy and a little masculine, but overall very tasteful. I love the orange accents (hand-spun water glasses) and the stunning lighting, as one other reviewer mentioned. The patio was too warm for the 112F heat, but would have been great at another season. If I'm nit-picking (which I always do), the decor & atmosphere might be a little schmancy for the location, but it wasn't uncomfortable.The menu is the perfect size, not too much choice, but everything looks amazingly tasty. They have recently added a separate "lunch menu" but we didn't want to go that direction. We really wanted to try a little of everything, so we ordered the following & ate everything family-style:- Mozzarella Bar (all 3 cheeses) with pesto, artichokes, & prosciutto- Polpette (turkey meatballs in sauce)- Octopus salad (can't remember the name, and it's not on the online menu)- Pizza Romana: Prosciutto e Rucola- Two hearty portions of the fresh-baked thick-crust dough with a light sprinkling of light olive oil- mixed-in: sparkling water, iced tea, a glass of red wine, espresso, and a couple AmericanosMy husband is crazy-picky about his Italian food (even pizza); I'm a little easier-to-please. We were both completely smitten. Everything was fantastic! Some notes:- smoked mozzarella was too smokey for me, but I H8 smoke. The stracciatella was heavenly. The bed of arugula was my favorite accompaniment.- Turkey meatballs were my 2nd-fave (2nd to the pizza itself). The sauce was incredible, and the texture was unreal. Even my husband (also a meatball snob) was impressed. A definite-recommend.- I skipped the octopus, but the balance of the salad in which it was served was excellent.- I can't even begin to write words that would do this pizza justice. Hands-down, the best pizza I've ever had. Even better than Settebello's Capricciosa because of the crust. Thin, cracker-like-yet-soft, melt-in-your-mouth...the PERFECT canvas for amazing toppings. I truly cannot pick a "favorite" aspect of this pie...not too complex, not too simple...you get the point.BTW, I'm *shocked* to see all the "this place is way too pricey for pizza" reviews. Nearly every ingredient is imported from Italy, and it shows (& tastes like it). It's not like you're getting Papa John's. It's gourmet (I hate that word), artisan-style pizza, on a whole different plane than regular pizza places. Yes, it was pricier than the $7 lunch pizza at Applebee's, but not at all the same animal.Given that, it was a bit of a pricey lunch. But, I can't argue that the value is there - without question. And, combined with the atmosphere, it would be a great "date-night" spot.
5	My fiancee and I dined her last week and BOY were we impressed!Our server, Anthony (I think)  was one of the BEST servers we have ever had in Vegas or any other city. He was polite, and seemed very happy and was engaging but not over bearing.  He knew every recipe without hesitation and could explain taste and profile as good as a chef. One thing I will say is that the portions are very generous so bring your appetite!The Truffle Pizza with the baked egg was the hit for me, however we also enjoyed several other dished.We really like the care that goes into each dish.Job well done, we will be back!
5	ambiance: hip and trendy but they manage to make you feel comfortable as well. inside they play westerns on the tvs, outside there is a beautiful shaded patio.service: the service is wonderful. the waiters know the menu well and are welcoming and attentive. food: i have been a few times and have yet to try something i don't like.mozzarella bar: delicious appetizer, great to share. i have tried the delicate cheese and the soft and creamy. i definitely recommend the soft and creamy. for the side, i have tried the olives and roasted tomatoes. i recommend the tomatoes, they go very well with the cheese. it also comes with bread, which seems to be a neapolitan crust baked with cheese. ($12.95)margherita pizza: tastes like a very good margherita pizza, but a bit plain compared to the other amazing pizzas they offer. ($12.95)bianca al prosciutto cotto: ham, fontina cheese, caramelized onions, oregano and aged balsamic. the aged balsamic coats the onions well and creates a delicious flavor pairing. the cheese is a bit strong (so beware people who do not like blue cheese and other strong cheeses). ($14.95)tartufo: black truffle, parmesan crema, fontina fontal, roasted cremini, over easy baked egg. they bring out the pizza with the over easy egg intact, break the egg table side and then spread out the egg over the pizza. the pizza does not have a strong truffle or egg taste. it tastes like a pizza very well covered with good tasting cheese. ($20.95)piccante: tomato, mozzarella, sopressata and fresno peppers. the sopressata is an italian salami that when shaved finely and cooked on a pizza tastes a lot like a very fancy pepperoni. combined with the fresno peppers, it is my favorite pizza. ($15.95)chocolate pizza: save room for the chocolate pizza. chocolate sauce drizzled over the neapolitan crust, topped with strawberries, hazelnuts and vanilla gelato. it sounds overly sweet, but the chocolate is quite delicate.
3	Solid choice for a mid-week night out when you don't want to drive too far from home.Service was good-ish.  Of course, this is based on my one experience with one waiter who was a bit pushy (odd) and seemed put-off when I didn't like the wine he recommended (which was the most expensive on the by the glass list)Food was reasonably priced.Choices felt somewhat limited, but this can be a good thing.  Play to your strengthsI would return, but would not be my first choice
4	Ate here with some friends from work - one of them was a regular and highly recommended this place.We all arrived around 5:30pm and were promptly seated. Service was fast and friendly.For appetizers, we ordered:Polipo - braised octopus over greens; nicely cooked and tasty, the octopus was neither too firm nor too chewyPolpette - turkey meatballs; not as flavorful as we had expected, but decentCaesar Salad - decent, but nothing particularly specialFor entrees, we ordered 3 pizzas, Neapolitan style:Due Forni - our favorite of our pizzas, tasty and delicious, with perfectly crispy, chewy crustTartufo - some found it a bit too "eggy", but if you enjoy the flavor of black truffle and egg, it's deliciousMargherita - this pizza classic was very nicely cooked and enjoyable, although for one person all the cheese slid right off his sliceFor dessert, we ordered:Chocolate Panna Cotta - very rich, very chocolatey, very deliciousRicotta with Honey and Pistachios - a mix of savory and not-too-sweet; not for everyone, but tastyThe dining area was not very full, but the atmosphere was pleasant, we enjoyed the Spaghetti Westerns playing on the TVs, and the service was excellent.Overall, I give it 4/5 because while I very much enjoyed the place and the food, it didn't completely blow me away.
5	You can choice from 2 different styles of pizza - Roman or Naples. Go for one of each! This is not your pepperoni pizza place, so go in with an open mind and try something new - you won't be disappointed. Nice wine selection, relaxed location, and really friendly service. Nothing but good things to say about this place!
3	Came here a few weeks ago with my friend who said it's pretty good.  She had gone a few times and since we recently went to Dom Demarco's, we wanted to compare the two since she said they were the two best in the greater Las Vegas area.We ended up going with a salad as an appetizer.  She picked the spinach salad that was so-so.  It was a bit dry and didn't really have too much flavor to it.The pizza was actually pretty good though.  I chose the Bianca Al Prosciutto Cotto.  It features cooked ham, fontina, caramelized onions, oregano, and aged balsamic.  I don't get pizza featuring prosciutto often but this one was pretty good.  The caramelized onions was a nice touch.  This spot is A-Ok.  If you're in the Summerlin area, I'd recommend it!
5	I must say the pulpio was amazing. This is truly a hidden gem ! Bravo too Alex taylor and his crew
5	The service was out of this world good.  The wait staff was on top of keeping beverages filled.  We did not wait long for food.  The staff was very knowledgeable about menu items and gave clear and concise explanations.The food was very good.  This was our first visit and the pizza was outstanding.  Both types of crust were delicious.  We thought the pizza was very light and satisfying and didn't sit link an anchor in your stomach. the pizza's are 12" and can be shared.  We ordered two different pizza's to try and brought leftovers home.We finished off our meal with a ricotta dessert drizzled with honey and finished off with crushed pistachios.  The dessert was delicious.We would go back again and recommend that you try it!
3	I have now dined here a least 8 times, always with a group of girlfriends and it's a very middle of the road experience for me every time.  First, off the staff is excellent and knowledgeable about the wine and the food.  In my opinion dining out for specialty pizza should be set up for sharing and having tastes of many items.  Unfortunately, I find the menu lacking in small plate / appetizer options to accompany the pizza for group dining, unless you want heavy cheeses and meats to on the side of pizza, it doesn't flow.    Additionally, I think the Kitchen has made a rookie mistake with the San Marzano Tomatoes.  Imported Italian Tomatoes are intended for the purpose that Chef will slice open each tomato, extracting the seeds, then crush, puree or hand squeeze for the base of his sauce. My personal irritations are from the misuse of the product.  The tomatoes are a canned product, meaning they have been processed and are a ready to use base for making a sauce with one's choice of herbs and spices.  The intention is not to serve in place of a fresh tomato.  They are not making pizza sauce but instead serving them raw and unseasoned straight from the can on the pizza.  What a shame when there is so much potential to make a great pizza sauce and really make a name for themselves is the niche business of upscale pizza, especially since they have mastered awesome pizza crust, something that is virtually unheard of in Vegas.  I would give 5 stars to both crust styles they serve.
5	Everything was great from the get go! Had 2 orders of the Beef carpaccio cause it was that good. Even though it a 45min drive I would come back when I'm in the area. 5 plus Stars!!!! Chocolate gelato with bacon Wtf?! But wow!!! Service: AFood: A
5	Outstanding. Great food and service. Wine adds a hefty price to the bill, but we enjoyed it.  The pizza is cooked quickly at a very high temp., which gives it a unique and delicious flavor and texture. We split the order for one, and it was plenty for lunch. The first time we went there it was for a late lunch on the recommendation of my eye doctor. We're not usually on that side of town.  We've now gone back twice. :-)
1	I heard very good things about this retaurant as I have been in search of new pizza places in Vegas.   Our waiter didn't listen to a thing we said.  Wanted to tell us about the specials and the mozzarella bar, told him we weren' t interested, but he kept going.  I didn't want tiger shrimp on my pizza, and what is exactly  on a mozzarella bar?.  He brought out three pizzas instead of two because he was not paying attention to anything we said.  We let it slide and tasted all three.  A four cheese dealy, and thick and thin crust Margherita pizza. Got both styles of pizza.  The thin crust was ok.  I'll say about a C minus.  The thick crust was tasteless.  The crust had no taste, no yeast, sauce was some kind of undrained tomato that made my New York Style pizza watery and soggy.  Imported tomatoes are great but you have to drain the liquid off them.  You would be miles ahead using one of the California tomato products which actually has some flavor.  Waiter asked us what we thought of the pizza and we told him it wasn't good, he ignored our comments.  This place knows nothing about making a real New York style pizza.  I can't believe the good reviews.  The crust needs some longer working times to develop some flavor.  It is great you have good ovens, but get some ingredients with some flavor.
5	Amazing selection of Italian wines by the glass.  We dropped by on  Friday evening after dinner to enjoy the wine bar.  My only regret is not trying this place sooner.  Right out of the gate you notice the wine selection is standard issue.  Don't worry if you're not an Italian wine expert, the staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  Our server, Alexander, was more than eager to describe and talk about all of the wines, as well as explaining how the wines are selected. Between the two of us we tried 6 different wines.  Not a single one fell short of stellar.  I was most  surprised by how much I enjoyed the Grecante, mostly because the texture put me in mind of melty butter on my tongue.The Due Forni wine set up is like no other wine bar I've visited.  It is pretty rare to come across some of the higher end wines offered by the glass.  And you can even get a 2 oz pour at 20% of the glass price.The owner stopped by briefly to check with us, which is always a nice touch.  I highly endorse this lovely little spot.  You can tell that a lot of thought and effort have been put into Due Forni.  The ambiance is warm and welcoming, and we got a kick out of the silly Spaghetti Western that was playing on the TVs above the bar.On my next visit I am looking forward to trying their pizza, which can be ordered with a crispy crust (Roman style) or light & chewy crust (Neopolitan style).
2	Overrated, seriously frustrating, aka: The case of the missing San Marzano Tomatoes.************************************************************Edit: It seems I have irritated the owner of Due Forni with my review which I will leave as written below. Here's why. I take my Yelp Elite Status very seriously. And I am keenly aware of the power that a good, or especially a bad Yelp review can have. When you write a 1 Star or 2 Star review you really need to think it through. I spent 45 min alone on my drive back to Henderson thinking about my experience at Due Forni, and looking at the black box sitting in the seat beside me. When I got home I tried the pizza again. The review I wrote was written with about 3 hours of thought put into it, and I took the time to ask the question. Am I being fair? As my profile states I am from Missouri, the Show Me State. I go with what is presented to me, and the experience and product that I see first hand. And I call it as I see it. With that being said, and now with even more deliberation put into this my original review will stand. I wrote it, I stand behind it. And I'm sorry that I am apparently in the minority of Due Forni customers who did not like their experience at their establishment. But that being said there is a good chance I will return as Vegas is a city that loves second chances, and I love to give them. When I go back, I will bring others and will once again call it as it is. I appreciate the fact that the business owner took the time to reach out and make contact. When an owner does that it shows that they care, and that warrants a star in it's own right. So this review gets a slight bump to 2 stars. *********************************************This is supposed to be one of the best pizza places in Las Vegas. It's got accolades, it's got we won this or that signs on the counter, yadda, yadda. Phooey. It ain't all that. Not even close. Decor wise it's not bad for an upscale strip mall. Service is actually too good, too attentive. Please, I'd like to eat and I can take care of things without you hovering or watching me. While service was of the helicopter parent variety, when I wasn't dealing with the server I looked around the place. The outdoor seating is nice and the interior old school style lighting is cool as can be. (Edit #2 - My server, Annie seemed to have noticed I was not having a good experience and she did make some recommendations for a future visit. In the interest of fairness I do need to mention that)On to the pizza, which is the only reason why I came here. I wanted a thin crust pizza that would knock my socks off. I ended up ordering a Due Forni, Roman Style. When your first ingredient on the menu for this pizza is San Marzano Tomatoes, I expect to taste them. I've ate many of them, I know them well. What I got was a blast of the sausage, which overpowered everything else. I tried picking the slice apart to try the individual items and again, the San Marzanos disappeared. While I loved the mozzarella and peppers, it just wasn't the balanced pizza I was hoping for. In short, it's not Settebello, it's not even in the same league as Settebello. Comparing Due Forni to Settebello would be like comparing Reno to Las Vegas. Both are cities but that's about where it stops. And let's talk about the crust. The crisp on the outside, soggy in the middle crust pulled from a plastic tray dough that just didn't impress me at all. It's bad when Benny Blancos in Denver with their hole in the wall location and old high school cafeteria style ovens can kick Due Forni's rear end on crust. Count me as flat out not impressed, not even a little bit. I am running out of haterade, so let's just say this. This place is a pretender to the throne of best pizza in Vegas. Grimaldi's kicks Due Forni's ass. Old School Pizzeria kicks their ass. But Settebello outclasses them. There's really no comparison. I don't care how good the rest of their menu is, if they claim to be a pizzeria they have to bring it, and if they've got accolades my expectations are set right up there with those accolades. Due Forni just doesn't cut it. Summary: Extremely disappointing. 1 Star is pushing it, and considering the size of the check, Settebello whips their asses on price too. Note: This pizza sucks even worse when it's cold after taking it home. Good pizza doesn't have that problem. Bleech.
3	Have been wanting to try this place for while, I have heard such good things. Some friends thought it sounded good as well so we all decided to give it a go.We sat out on the patio since the weather was so nice for a spring evening.Our waiter was pleasant and was happy to answer questions. My husband and I didn't want to fill up or have leftovers since we were going out of town in a few days. So we decided to split the Due Forni Neapolitan style. It was good, just nothing special. The price was high for such a small pizza. I think I'll stick with my current favorite Grimaldi's.We split the Bacon topped Chocolate Gelato for dessert. It was good but felt like it needed something...we decided either caramel sauce or pretzel crumbles would've done the trick.Since the restaurant wasn't too busy we hung out and talked at our table for a while after we ate. The waiter was awesome and continued to make sure our water glasses were full.
4	Great and unique food. I got full from the appetizer but found room for some pizza and desert.
2	Not even a month after I posted my original review I check my email and find a Groupon for Due Forni. $10 for $20 worth of food. Most of Yelp's readers are familiar with Groupon and why businesses use it. I would definitely do a "Pause and Reflect" moment before snapping up their Groupon as again, it's just not all that it's cracked up to be. By the way someone ignored my advice and went there Friday night and brought some back. Good pizza can be ate cold. Not this stuff. Bleech. And how any place can massacre San Marzano tomatoes like they do is just wrong, and a damn shame.
4	Went here on date night when we cashed in our coin jar ($104!).  We were super excited and immediately loved the ambiance.  The beer and wine selection was great and the servers were all nice.  We started with the panzanella.  Honestly, not really a panzanella.  It's a salad with a lot of croutons, panzanella is supposed to be dressed so that it starts to soften up a bit.  It was a good salad and we enjoyed it but panzanella it was not.  Then we had the mozerella, straciatelli style.  My favorite part of the meal.  It was like the inside of a buratta mozerella, extremely gooey and delicious.  Plus it comes with basically a fresh baked pizza dough to slather it on.  We got it with the artichokes which were kind of  boring and bland, but I didn't care because the mozerella was so good.Next we ordered the gnocchi.  It is semolina gnocchi so if you are used to light fluffy gnocchi this is not what you are looking for.  It was tasty, not super interesting, and very heavy.  Next we ordered the Neopolitan style pizza with ham, fontina and carmelized onion.  The flavors were good and the crust was nice but for a relatively small pizza, the crust was rather large with all the toppings gathering in the center.  Made for some tasty first couple of bites and some boring last few bites.  Plus the pizza wasn't very good heated up the next day.  We had a good meal, it was fun, but the end of the meal we were left with a semi bad taste in our mouth.  The server, a few times through the night tried to sell us some wine and beer that he liked.  I thought he was genuinely impressed with these products and he never really said the exact names of the product so I wasn't sure how much things were going to cost but I didn't imagine that he was selling the most expensive glass of wine to me without explaining that that's what it was.  I didn't say anything but when you think you are drinking about $15 of wine and end up being charged for $40, it's a little unsettling.  I guess I need to remember that not all servers are truly looking out for the best interest of the guest.  (especially since I told him I really didn't want a chardonnay and that's what he insisted on me having.)  Too bad, I don't know if we will plan on going back there, not that the food wasn't good, there are a lot of other places I would rather go.
5	Pizza the way it was intended to be. Just like being in Italy! I have been to Italy a few times and Due Forni would fit in well there.(minus the prices)-Started out with the Caesar Salad. A nice appetizer portion that was refreshing and satisfying.-Next we shared the Chef's platter. A culinary masterpiece. Perfect portion of specialty meats and cheeses with some olives, artichokes and roasted peppers on arugula with fresh bread from the pizza oven...A MUST TRY!!!-Finished with two different pizzas. The Due Forni which the home made sausage and the flavor of bacon was memorable. The other pizza we had was the Speck. A dried ham similar to prosciutto. This was the perfect choice which took me back to the flavors i remembered from Italy!I will go back but not as often as i would like. It is a little pricey but definitely worth it. Our server was back to our table several times filling water and making sure we were satisfied with our visit.
5	DELIZIOSO!!This place has got the closest thing to real Italian Pizza that I've found in Vegas. The Roman style is just that- crispy and perfect flavor. Their ingredients are quality which make the price a bit higher than your normal pizza place. BUT this is NOT a normal pizza place!The service is spot on- the most adorable Italian female server (forget her name) she is perfection! Ensuring your experience is pleasant with her Italian hospitality.Oh and did I mention the wine- get selection!Can't go wrong with this place!!
4	Reasonably priced for the quality of the food, which is great. The best carpaccio I've ever had, excellent pizzas and good gelato. Carpaccio and turkey meatballs are a serious "must try" The bars seems to have an excellent selection of wine, especially Italian reds. The patio area is semi-covered, and really nice. Atmosphere is very chill, but not divey or tacky; sort of a modern feel.
2	Due Forni had been on my radar for some time and I couldn't wait to try it.  As much as I thought I was going to love this place, I have to say that I was sadly mistaken.Let's start with the service.  Our waitress was friendly but probably annoyed once she realized we weren't going to be spending the big bucks like a lot of the other patrons of this restaurant.  She tried so hard to upsell me to get a glass of wine that once she discounted the price I finally caved.  I got it more or less so that she would quit asking.  Other than that, she was friendly enough and attentive.My husband and I had thought about going the one appetizer and one pizza route (to not be pigs), but when I saw that there weren't any vegetarian appetizers we decided to just get two pizzas.  We ordered the Margherita Roman style (thin and crispy) and the Quattro Formaggi Neapolitan style (chewy crust).Our pizzas came out quickly and looked really good, but after a few bites I wasn't very impressed.  For starters, I'm not sure if it's the cheese or if they add olive oil, but our pizzas were dripping in grease.  The Roman style was a little too crispy for me (and I love thin crust) and the Neapolitan was soggy in the middle.  The flavors of the Margherita were good, but the Quattro Formaggi could have used a little less cheese and maybe some type of sauce to break up the flavor.Despite thinking we were going to leave full and with leftovers, we ended up eating it all and had room for more.While the two ovens is an interesting concept, there are other places I'd rather get a pizza that cost less, and more importantly, tastes better.
3	I am a fan of imported toppings like bufala mozzarella and san marzano tomatoes. Groupon had a $10 for $20 deal so I thought "what the heck" met my friend Kevin P so we could do a yelp challenge. As we entered, the host asked if we had a reservation, which we didn't, and the place was pretty empty so I thought it was a bizarre question. So he replied "oh well,  is it ok if we seat you on the bar side" sure that's fine, until he sat us down in a very small 2 person table next to the window away from everybody, not sure if he thought we needed alone time or what, but there were plenty of other tables open. Awkward.We started out with the Polipo app, which was the highlight of the meal, braised mediterranean octopus, arugula, pequillo peppers, taggiasca, mint vinaigrette. Absolutely phenomenal. For our pizza, you have a choice of Roman style or Neopolitan style, we went with Margherita pizza, Neo style. Again, this is hard for me to review because I just can't get into the "wet" crust, all the ingredients slide off when you're eating! If I came back, I think I would try the Roman style and try out the Enomatic wine dispensers, they have 40 different wines to try, which I could pair with that octupus app.Update:If there is one thing that drives me nuts when I'm eating is when servers whisk away your plates the minute you set your utensil down. I like to take my time and enjoy my meal and if I'm having a good conversation, I don't like to be made to feel I'm being rushed. Table of 4 was sharing the salad, the salad bowl clearly had more in it and the server starts picking up our plates and actually picked up the salad bowl and then asks if we are done, actually, no we are not! This continued through our entire dinner, we barely finished our pizza and our dishes were being picked up. I cannot stand this! Please do not rush me! Ugh
5	I heard so many great things about this place, and they were all right.This is my new favorite place to eat. The pizza is excellent, and they give you two choices on how to cook it.Where can you find octopus in a menu, nowhere but here, and its is to die for, the beef carpaccio is one of the best in town. Service was excellent ( at least at lunch time,dont know about dinner yet). Overall our experience was one of the best I've had in a long time, definitely going back.love love this new place.everyone must experience it.
5	They are known for their pizza, but this restaurant has a lot of other great things to offer. The pulipo (roasted octopus) was amazing - flavorful and cooked perfectly. The gnocchi, spinach salad, steak and potatoes with truffle oil were fantastic as well. For dessert, I enjoyed the buffalo ricotta with honey (supposedly only about 350 calories) which was very yummy! My husband loved the chocolate gelato with bacon, which at first sounds like an odd combination, but it works!In my experience, service has been good. Location is also convenient, right off Town Center and 215.
4	I've been to Due Forni a few times now and I still love it as much as the first time.The place is pretty nice looking. It's no particular type of scene in particular, but it is simply nice. Their pizzas are their main attraction - appropriately. They cook them around 900(?) degrees and prepare them thin so they are done very quickly. What results is an amazing, crispy, just-the-right-size, and absolutely delicious pizza. Every time I end up full, and want to order one more to go.My favorite pizza - the Due Forni. Flavor explosions from the first bite. This is the opposite of a vegetarian's choice, also.Why not 5 stars? It's kind of expensive. That's all, really. But hey, it isn't an every-night experience, either. Try it!
5	restaurant is gorgeous. someone say date night. pizza is awesome and amazing customer service.
5	The executive sous chef of Du Forni is a beautiful man who makes deliciously beautiful food. Apparently the only things Du Forni uses to cook are two giant pizza ovens which is a bit nutty but produces delicious results.Obviously their speciality is pizza and they do it right with either thin crust or the traditional neapolitan crust. The authentic italian ingredients and flavors make for truly delicious pizza among other menu items such as the pollipo(octopus salad) and delicious entrees. They also have specials that you can incorporate into pizza if you please. Throw in quick, attentive, knowledgable servers and reasonable prices for Summerlin and this place is a must. I may be biased here but that doesn't make the food any less delectable. Eat it and don't forget to thank the drop dead sexy sous chef!
3	Excellent pizza -- comparable to Grimaldi's, but expensive.  My hubby & I ordered 2 iced teas, a cesar salad to share and a pizza each (pizzas are 12" and very thin - not enough for 2 people) -- the total, with tip, was $60.  A little steep for lunch.Better off going to Grimaldi's.
4	5 stars for ANNE the waitress, the decor & their staff. They do have great pizzas. 4 stars because I wanted to get the thin crust (Roman) on my tartufo but deferred to their  recommendation of a thicker crust which as it turned out was totally floppy and wet which I did not enjoy. Next time I'll get the thin crust. The topping was good and my guest enjoyed her pizza a lot!
5	Been here several times and the service is always excellent. Food is amazing and fresh. Just wish it was closer to my house. My meal usually consist of the Caesar Salad, Margarita Pizza and Polpette Meatballs. All amazingly delicious.
4	Loveed this. Clever idea having ovens at 2 different temps. The Speck pizza was terrific. And the mozzarella "bar" was a great idea too. We had the roasted pepper and pesto toppings along with the stracciatella di buffala. The home made bread was spot on too.My companion had the pizza con tartuffo - and it was very cool, they broke a raw egg on it tableside and then stirred that into the topping allowing it to cook.
4	After a long Labor Day weekend of Tropicbeauty bikini modeling all I wanted was some really yummy pizza. Due Forni came up on my Yelp with good reviews, so we decided to give it a try.We arrived late, around 9:40pm (they close at 10pm) but the host and sole waiter were as sweet as ever. I did not feel rushed in the slightest, but did try to be conscientious because I can only imagine how annoying it is to wait around on people when all you want to do is go home after a long day.Our order:-Beet salad-Buffala mozzerella with roasted tomatoes-Due Forni Neopolitan crust pizza-Speck Roman crust pizzaYum! Everything was very tasty. My favorite was the buffala mozz with roasted tomatoes. The mozz was creamy and beautiful, so good.The beet salad and pizzas were all very good, but my only complaint was that the speck pizza was a bit soggy in the center. Perhaps it wasn't cooked all the way through? When I picked up a slice from the pizza plate to move it to my single serving plate the crust didn't hold up, it started to slip downward and the toppings began their slow slide down until I rushed the slice over to my plate. However, the taste was fresh and I really did enjoy the meal.Service was excellent, especially considering we were there after closing and there was only one other pair of people in the restaurant (they seemed to be regulars/friends of the waiter). Their wine selection look varied, I would love to come back and try some wines next time.
5	I've been here two times and both visits were just perfect! They have really good pizza. Me and my sister shared one the first trip and the second I chose the Tricolore salad. Absolutely delicious! Never had a garden type salad with grapes in it but it was very delicious!The appearance and atmosphere of this place is just awesome. There's even an outdoor sitting area when the weather permits. Me and my sister brought her dog and they were totally fine with it.The wine selection here is absolutely delish! If you don't know too much about wine, ask your server, they never steer you wrong! I believe the one I was recommended the last time I was here was the Educated Guess Cab. Absolutely delicious! Definitely a wine you'd want to babysit and enjoy! I did! If you're not in the mood for food, they have a bar as well so you can partake in their wine selection or other cocktails.If you love good pizza and wine in a semi-elegant atmosphere, this is your place. And semi-elegant is not a slap in the face to this place. It just means you don't have to get all snazzied up to enjoy it if you don't want to. :)
5	Got a groupon and ordered appetizer, polipo - it has braised Mediterranean octopus, arugula, piquillo peppers, taggiasca and mint vinaigrette. Very flavorful. Pizza we ordered the marguerite pizza, crust was a little hard but it is like a cracker, crispy. The dessert is the best, sweet ricotta with pistachio and honey, yummy! Service is very professional. Definitely will visit again. A classy pizza place.
4	There's an uneasy feeling about this review, I don't know why...  Maybe a guilty conscience for betraying our all time favorite Settebello?  I mean, Settebello has everything; great location, supreme Pizza and great service, our loyalty runs deep and strong.However, the need for exploration trumps loyalty (and we really wanted to see how good the Pizza really is).  We started convincing ourselves that since it was Summerlin, it wasn't cheating, we had to go since we were 'Food Bloggers', we needed to branch out and explore possibilities, we can't be tied downright now, no it's not you..it's me.... really... Sheepishly and incognito, we snuck over to the other side of town to scope out the competition.And we were ready to hate this place, how dare they even try to make pizzas in this town when there's Settebello's? We turned the corner and found a full parking lot, a good sign.  The facade was your usual non-descript Vegas dessert beige with little adornment except for the signage.  An enlarged, covered seating area laid empty, due to the hot summer heat.  I was already committing myself to be unimpressed..As it turned out, the inside revealed a beautiful restaurant; the design modern minimal, stylish with all the current fixtures du jour, but still casual enough to feel comfortable...I was really impressed with the entry service; the Maitre'D was impeccable, congenial and polite and really set the experience on a very high note (remembering my name and repeating throughout the meal)The restaurant is divided into two sections and area with a Bar designated for Adults, and a main Dining Room area that includes families.  I thought that was a nice touch and very in tune with their customer demographic.  I was really starting to enjoy this place!!! As for cocktails, a light summer drink on the menu that had caught our eye was the Hummingbird: St.Germain Elderflower liqueur + Prosecco + Club Soda.  The floral fragrance of Elderflower quenched our thirst, while the dry, bubbly counterpart left a refreshing finish!  What Due Forni had that differentiated themselves from other Pizzerias was their Mozarella Bar: with several choices of cheese and add ons like Roasted Tomatoes and Basil Pesto, it was hard not to fall in love...We ordered the Classic Mozarella + Taggiasca Olives + Roasted Red Peppers with oven fresh Bread.  Man, was the Bread good!!! The soft creamy texture of Mozarella alone is orgasmic, but spreading the liquid cheese all over Bread makes it close to Nirvana (the place, not the band....that wouldn't particularly pleasant)... Oh, and the sides are a nice touch.The Pizza selection at Due Forni, compressed and distinguished to a T, you had two style choices for each Pizza: Pizza Napoletana, a traditional crust bread with a chewy bite, and Pizza Romana, a thinner wafer like crispy cracker, each pizza cooked in a different oven (thus the name: Due Forni - two ovens).And as the main event approached, the anticipation was palpable!  my palms started to sweat, could this be better than I expected? We were advised to order the signature Due Forni: San Marzano Tomatoes+Bufala Mozzarella+House Made Sausage+Nueske's Bacon+Pequillo Peppers, our helpful server gently pointed us out to choose the Neopolitan style with this order.  On a side note, some of the Pizzas are white (no Tomatoes) so be sure to ask before ordering so that you're not surprised when it comes out different than you expected.And when the Pizza came out, it was beautiful!  The proportions of toppings with the bubbly bread was visually magnificent.  And with our first bite, immediately the Home made Sausage stole the show!  I could have just that forever.  The Pizza itself, well it was different than Settebello's, the chewy crust was  for sure softer and fluffy, it all comes down to personal taste at this point, because I thought the Pizza was pretty fabulous!!! We had a great dining experience at Due Forni, the service was excellent; our serve was ever so elegant and thoughtful from start to finish, we couldn't have imagined that they would exceed their expectations...  By all definitions, Due Forni has won us over, we loved the drinks and appetizers, would love to try more that they have to offer, and also try a Pizza Romana in a different style. In the end, we will always have our favorite, but now we have another reason to hop on over to the other side for a great time!!Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:               4Ambience:       4Service:          5
4	09/13/12 DINNERSpouse, M, and I have now dined here five different times. The pizzas have always been stellar, particularly the Neapolitan style. This place is UNIQUE, in that they have TWO pizza ovens, brought in from Italy: a Neapolitan and a Roman! The styles of pizza crusts are completely different. TRY BOTH, but I'll stick mostly to the more traditional Neapolitan.They have also been quite good with non-pizza items.This time, tho, there were a few misses, thus only 4 stars. WHY DO I ONLY REVIEW WHEN THERE ARE PROBLEMS! Sigh.I'll start with the PROS. As I said, the pizzas are stellar. I have to say, of all of the Neapolitan pizzas offered in Las Vegas Valley, this place serves my second favorite crust and topping. (My fave so far? DOCG. A close third place? Settebello.) At their Super Bowl party, earlier this year, their "lamb chop lollipops" were INCREDIBLE. Perhaps the best lamb chops I've had in this country. (The best lamb I've ever had? Karoo Lamb, only available in South Africa.)Now, the CONS, IE the problems yesterday. They have an octopus dish, grilled and served on a salad. The critter was overcooked, so it was tough and not was flavorful as I would have liked it. I didn't say anything, I probably should have. Also, all of their salads can be a little overdressed, but I have to say that the content of the dressings is always spot on. Next up, M thought it rather weird they would serve a cheese bread with the wonderful mozzarella+item platters. I did too, but it didn't ruin it for me. And lastly, WHY do the wines-by-the-glass prices have to be so high? I understand, their wine list is truly astounding (they currently have a GEORGE Pinot Noir by the glass, that's fantastic stuff, and rare to find on a WBTG list), but drinking there is always exorbitant, we ALWAYS wince upon the arrival of the bill. (FOOTNOTE: You can get a TASTE of any wine for 20% of the glass price, so I got to try 2 sips of that GEORGE yesterday. YAY!)So I would say, GO HERE. GET PIZZA. I think we've tried every pizza, they are ALL fantastic. Get the lamb chops, if on the menu. Bring extra cash for the drinks. And enjoy.
5	Scratch one off the personal bookmarks. Been meaning to hit up Due Forni for quite some time. Heard about it from my yelp social group who had nothing but good things to say about the place. Highlights seems to focus more on the braised octopus dish that's so tender it's not like any octopus you've ever had. Well...i've had a lot of octopus and i do enjoy octopus...CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!!! - Polipo The revered octopus appetizer...The description on the menu honestly does not do this dish ANY justice. How much does the menu description downplay the epicness of this dish? Well it's kinda like calling a nuke a typical explosive...it goes boom things get fucked up u know how it goes...Whoa where do i start...Okay first impression was the smell that hit me. I was confused at first because it sorta had a fish sauce smell and i was raised around fish sauce. Seeing the greens in the bowl and the smell of fish sauce my mind already determined what this was going to taste like. Not saying this is a bad thing it's just from my prospective my mind was playing tricks on me based on what the senses were collecting. Imagine seeing the lid pulled from a plate of steamed veggies and you smelled steak...kinda like that...confusingAnyway first bite of a piece of octopus it was just...WOW it's tender. Not too salty and was well balanced with the dressing of the small salad. I gotta be careful with this dish in the future because it may just raise the standard for my future octopus experiences. - Speck Pizza in a Neapolitan Very nice and well balanced. Only thing i hated about it was the difficult of getting enough prosciutto with every bite. Not exactly a pizza friendly ingredient but...what ever..file it under First World Problems. Very balanced and i enjoyed the layers of flavors from the order of toppings, to cheese, to dough. Noticed half a slice in that there was no sauce. My first reaction to this was 'well...why not?' then i started to realize that adding a sauce would have added another layer of flavor and it was just perfect without it. Apart from the cheese, i was thoroughly impressed with the crust and dough in general. Granted it's not as crispy as i'd like it but it did have a fresh taste to it as well as a decent chewy texture. There was no discarded crusts at this table we ate it all.Overall the ingredients are just top-notch. I dont know exactly where their cheese comes from but i'd love to brush my teeth with it.
4	Great place. Always come here when in town. Fantastic, eclectic food and wine choices. Love the pistachio ricotta cheese dessert. It is very unique. Thumbs up!
4	We went there last year some time.  Everyone loved their pizza and enjoyed the fact that the ingredients were minimal and fresh and not laden with cheap greasy meat by products..  I am a vegetarian and ordered a pizza without any meat.  It was very flavorful and fresh.  I also ordered a salad for myself which was nothing out of the ordinary, but the ingredients were fresh.I think like any restaurant if depends on the night, chefs and service.  We just happened to love our service, the atmosphere and the food on the night we went.
1	I can see that these reviews are filtered.  I wrote a review before and do not see that it got posted here on Yelp.  The bad ones seem to be filtered "OUT!"  I took a friend on a Groupon and we were not happy at all.  The pizza was sparse, the price was astronomical, and the service was horrible.  Let's see if this makes it onto the reviews:_
2	Due Forni may be Italian for disappointing.  The pizza was very good with interesting combinations but I despise being rushed through a meal.  I went with friends as we had heard great things & wanted to try the chocolate pizza.  We thought we would enjoy a glass of (spendy) wine with an appetizer but instead the waitress brought a lukewarm pizza with our appetizer.  When I said something, she explained that "it" was small so she thought we would want them together. I don't know what that means either.  Then as we tried to enjoy the chocolate pizza we had come for, she whisked away our plates & silverware even though we were clearly still eating.  The food is not worth the bums rush. None of us will go back, there are too many other good places in town that will allow you to enjoy your meal.  If I want to rush, I will go to MickyDs.
3	Though the pizza and food is 5 star quality, I've knocked off 2 points for less than stellar service. Our waitress P toted the line of barely serving and being rude. First off, she asked what were having to drink.  When I asked for water, she glared when I refused her suggestion for imported water which came at a higher price. She brought our main course before we'd completed our appetizer of creamy mozarella with freshly baked napolotana bread and roasted artichoke. Might I add,  it was the most unique and delicious italian appetizer I've had to date. As the quattro fromaggo pizza arrived, I was lured in by the bubbling dough perfectly toasty with a meld of cheeses atop. I hesitantly put my appetizer aside for a moment to dive into this delightful pizza. Heavenly. I had put my issues aside until the server committed a third offense at the very end. After charging our meal, she returned the receipts to the table for signatures. Apparently we didn't sign fast enough as she stopped by several times to see if we'd signed. When we finally signed, she rushed over to take the receipt. As I write this and recall the experience,  waitress P tainted what should have been a remarkable dining experience.
5	Small menu with daily specials can't go wrong with any selection. The best service and food I have had in entire city. Take the time to visit this locally owned restaurant.
4	Meatballs, Pizza, Salad, Wine Flights, great service, talkative bartender, and overall good atmosphere. Those are the key points to my wonderful time at Due Forni. We went to grab a bite and watch the rest of a football game. The meatballs were good. I liked the seasoning they used. My salad was great too. The pizza though, oh man. I wish I could remember which one we had exactly.  Maybe the Bianca...cotto one. I am unsure, but it was very good to me. Its a different type of pizza. I cannot really compare it to other places that have general pizza. Its unique. I do feel that there are better types out there, but it was not bad at all to me. Now, my favorite part... the WINE! I love wine and their flight deals were exquisite. We ordered two different flights, so 6 different wines, so amazing and a decent price for sure. The bartender was very informative about the wines and he was very polite, talkative with us. I like that in a bartender. Very engaging. I really hope he is there the next time I go. I like this place and I feel very relaxed when I am there.
4	Went with my hubby asan  escape last week.Service was wonderful, Wine list quite varied and atmosphere very relaxed.The Panzarella was delicious, the gnocci divine and hate to admit it but the Pizza was only ok.  Would love to see more on the menu for sides and or Pastas but will definitely return.
4	Although it does not really prepare my favorite type of pizza (New York style), my outing to Due Forni was a pleasant dining experience.  Caesar Salad was fresh and excellent.  And, so was a Neapolitan-style Tartufo Pizza with Prosciutto, although it seemed extreme to charge an additional $6.00 for adding the meat.  The quick-fired pizza dough, with a soft baked egg dropped and spread over the toppings after the pizza left the oven, was chewy and smooth, the prosciutto tasty, and the mushrooms fine.  A Neapolitan-style Due Forni Pizza was also enjoyable, with mild sausage and Nueske's Bacon the prominent toppings.I liked the Chocolate Gelato but could have gone without the bacon added to make my dessert a Nueske's Bacon Chocolate Gelato.  I apparently prefer sweet over sweet and savory.  Service was friendly and competent, the dining room comfortable and colorful.
5	Great restaurant!  I love their pizza and mozzarella bar.  They have some great specials and it's nice to have the patio option (not enough places in Vegas have patio seating).
3	I've been to this restaurant a couple times now and have had mixed reviews about it... As for dinner I though this place was just okay.  Although I loved their roman and Napoleon crust styles I was not a fan of the general flavor of their pizza... Especially in the case of the truffle pizza they had on their menu with the egg on top... But I enjoyed their cheese and meat platter.  As for lunch, I really enjoyed their choices of lunch specials... I ordered a prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella panino and it was awesome probably the only thing that I had their that could keep my business. My girlfriend had the turkey ball panino and that was awesome as well... So I say make sure that if you go there it's for lunch!!
5	Homemade dough pizzas, truffles, gnocchi and bacon-chocolate ice cream... That was enough to get me to drive up to this place. With a very modern decor and relaxed ambiance, this restaurant is ideal for gathering with friends and enjoying great food.We started our evening by ordering their cold cuts appetizer and it was an excellent way to start out. The Chef's platters is filled with imported meats, cheeses and olives that you can enjoy over one wine while you are waiting for the pizza. If up I are into heavier appetizers, definitely get the gnocchi and you will enjoy one of the most unique marriages of flavors I have had-- black truffle cream and nueske's bacon. AMAZING. There are two kinds of pizza you can order at this place, Neapolitan (slightly thicker, chewy and pliable) and Roman (crispy and crackly texture) and you cannot go wrong with either. We had the Tartufo, prosciutto e rucola, and the Bianca and they were all great. There were six of us and the three pizzas along with the chef's platter and the gnocchi were more than enough for all of us. Lastly, please SAVE ROOM FOR DESERT. You must try their chocolate-bacon ice cream. The most decadent and scrumptious desert I have had in a while.If you are out looking for a dining experience but do not want to drop hundreds of dollars you have got to visit Duo Forni!
4	Really good Italian food!  The restaurant is on the smallish side but modern.  I can only speak to a few items on the menu, but what I did eat was ridiculously good.  I ordered the semolina gnocchi as my main meal, although I think it's actually an appetizer.  It wasn't as creamy as other gnocchi I've had, but that was actually okay; it was subtle and rich at the same time.  The bacon wasn't overpowering, smoked just right, and really complemented the truffle sauce.  My friend and I each ordered the wine flights.  I had the Sangiovese flight, which included three glasses of wine (not full glasses mind you) of Sangiovese varietals.  The neat part was that the glasses were placed on a horizontal paper corresponding to the name of and information for the wine.  It was fun to try different wines without making the commitment to one particular glass.My group actually ordered the mozzarella ball, the Quttro Formaggi pizza, the Prosciutto e Rucola pizza, and Speck pizza.  I unfortunately could not eat the pizzas or mozzarella ball, but they looked and SMELLED soooooo good.  The general consensus seemed to be that the Quttro Formaggi was the best pizza (or at least according to my husband).  To top it off, we had the dessert pizza and chocolate lava cake.  I'm not a fan of chocolate lava, but the dessert pizza was pretty good.  It wasn't too thick, sweet, or overwhelming...you know, the kind where you have to have several gulps of water or other drink to wash it down.Overall, a great place to eat and drink!
4	Great food and fun people that work there.
1	Stopped by here tonight for an early dinner.  The place is very bland, sterile and nondescript inside. No atmosphere whatsoever and no smell of pizza cooking in their due forni (two ovens). There is nothing on the table, no salt, black pepper, no bread or olive oil is given.We ordered the Caesar salad which was ok. Reminded us of pre made salad you get in the supermarket. Very bland, needed black pepper. The speck pizza sounded great on the menu, but it was hardly that. We had it roman style and we could hardly cut through the crust and to pick up the slice and biting into it was a disaster. The prosciutto was so much that it all came off of the entire slice in one huge bite, leaving you with a  few mushrooms and dates on a basically a cracker. My husband's wine was corked and he sent it back. They apologized and gave him another glass, but we were turned off after all of this. Service was attentive, but scripted and slightly annoying. Didn't feel genuine. Bill was expensive - $36 for one glass of wine, salad and one pizza, particularly for substandard food. Needless to say, we won't be back.
1	This place is overrrrrated!!! its a local's place trying too hard to be something it cant. The service is nice and the decor is nice but the "chef" is not up to par. Its too pretentious and overpriced. Tried it twice to give a fair review. First time pizza, the dough was good the toppings missed the mark. The prociutto was laid in long slices across the pie making it sloppy and difficult to eat. the sauce was unimpressive and the pie wasnt even sliced. Do they really expect you to eat pizza with a fork and knife??? Ok so the menu looks like they might make good food so i tried the braised rib dish with "creamy polenta".....there was nothing creamy or polenta about it. The meat was cooked properly but the sauce was on the sweet side the vegetables were laughable and the polenta was just abominable. A teaspoon of corn meal beaten with some water over a flame does not make POLENTA. In conclusion, this place fools its locals into thinking they are fine dining and they pay for it.
5	My wife and I have frequented Due Forni since shortly after it opened. They have created quite a following. The pizzas are amazing, our favorite is the Margherita --simple but delicious. They only use the best ingredients. The appetizers are a treat. My wife and I usually sit at the bar, sample a few cocktails, share an appetizer and a pizza and have a wonderful evening.
5	As real and authentic as it gets!!  As good as it gets!!Terri R and I were planning our next meal together and when she found out that I haven't had a good pizza in at least 3 years, she gave me a choice of 3 different places out here.  Not knowing where to go (remember I haven't had a good pizza in awhile), Terri suggested Due Forni.When it comes to pizza in general, you have your branded commercialized choices (i.e. Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, etc), NY Style, Chicago deep dish, and the authentic stuff.  Due Forni is the authentic stuff for sure.Their easy one page menu, descriptions of the pizzas, and the pictures from other Yelpers immediately reminded me of my last visit in Italy.  I even knew what to expect; a thin crusted, a little runny, and a very tasty pizza that wasn't overwhelmingly saucy. If I got anything different, I would be disappointed.  We chose the Quattro Formaggi which consisted bufala mozzarella (cheese from water buffalo milk), ricotta, parmesan, and fontina fontal (cheese from cow milk).  Your crust choices are Napoletana (cooked in their 900 degree oven, result is a chewy crust with crispy outside) or their Romana (cooked in their 500 degree oven result is a thin and crispy pizza).  We got the Napoletana and it was simply delicious.  The pizza was just what I expected and exactly what I've experienced in Italy itself.  The inside decor, seating, and colors even reminded me of some restaurants in Firenze.Service was great and the waitress took the time to give me, since I am the noob here, a detailed description of everything on the menu.  She also reminded us that we can add any type of topping on our pizza of choice.  Authentic pizza without the European prices equals a perfect a deal. You really can't go wrong with Due Forni if authentic pizza is your thing.  If you enjoy the Americanized branded pizza, Chicago Style or New York Style, then Due Forni may or might not be for you.  But if you ever experienced a pizza the way it's suppose to be made and loved it, then Due Forni is a can't miss, a must try, and as good as it gets.  Visit again or bookmark it, you can' go wrong.PS: Thanks Terri R.  Pizza slump cured!!!
3	Went here for lunch on a Sunday. It was okay. The server was friendly but slow. The food sounded so good, but was mediocre at best. I had part of the mozzarella bar with pesto and part of the chefs platter for appetizers. I then had a margarita pizza and tried the short ribs. The pizza was bland and the sauce had no flavor. The ribs were good but I only got a bite. Then we moved onto dessert and got the chocolate pizza. It had good flavor but was nearly impossible to eat. I guess I don't like their pizza crust. I make better crust at home. Their crust has no flavor. Ill give it another try in a couple weeks to see if my opinion changes. Their server and everyone else was very friendly. The service from the kitchen was horrible! How long does it take to make two pizzas and a chefs platter that isn't cooked! We arrived at noon and didn't end up leaving until 2!! Too long for lunch
4	500 or 900 degrees.  60 or 180 seconds.  Yup, great Italian style pizza.The pizzas.  Two styles of crust made from a lightly salted, uber elastic dough.  The pizza Romana has a distinct crispier bottom crust,  the pizza Napolitana a chewier crust with blistered / blackened edges.  Personally, I like the bitterness from the blackened edges.  Note: as the pizzas cool, the texture becomes the same.  Refrigerator or AC chilled slices in the middle of the night don't cut it.Tried them all.  The quality topping combinations work well, there is just too much of it.  All the excessive "stuff" obscures the crust and isn't that the point of using these special ovens?  That said, the simplest is the best (the Margherita - San Marzano tomato, bufala mozzarella, fresh basil).It's not just about the pizzas.  Great starters including the roasted beet salad (roasted beets, arugula, goat cheese, pistachios, basil pesto and drizzled with a fig vincotto).  A contrast in sweet, tangy, nutty, earthy flavors and textures.  Delish!  Do not pass up the polipo (braised octopus topped with a mint vinaigrette).  Fork tender with the perfect "octopussy" flavor (sweet, salty, briny, oceanic goodness).The mozzarella bar a nice touch.  Three selections (classic bufala, smoked, and stracciatella - soaked in heavy cream) offered with various sides and pizza bread.  The classic pairs well with marinated artichokes.  The sour notes of the brine make the sweet milk flavor come alive.50 plus Italian / Italian varietal wines by the glass.  Nice pours, prices are fair.  Friendly, off the Strip service.  Bottom line, Due Forni makes it easy to have a good time.
4	Had a really great time here tonight. The food was excellent, the staff was attentive, and the wine was to die for. We started out with the chef's cheese platter. The cheese was mild, the italian meats were quite good, the only downside was the lack of a cheese knife. Our waitress recommended a wine, that turned out to be fantastic, went great with the platter and later went great with the pizza. The reasons they only get 4 stars are as follows: red wine served in white wine glasses, no cheese knife, and they make their margarita pizza with sauce instead of sliced tomatoes. On the other hand the prices are reasonable for the quality, we felt very welcome, and the dessert pizza may be the best thing I have ever put in my mouth. With just a few small changes this could be the best place I have ever had gourmet pizza.
4	I absolutely love this place!  The first time I experienced this restaurant I sat outside on the patio. The service, the food, the environment all impeccable.  Till this day I've made this a regular spot that I take many guests to.  I am so used to ordering the same items as I can't get enough of them:APPETIZER:  Chef's Platter - parmesan, robiola, ubriaco del piave, soppressata, bresaola, prosciutto san danielle, roasted red peppers, black olives, and artichokes.MOZZARELLA BAR:Bufala Mozzarella from Campania:Stracciatella (soft and creamy), sides: basil pesto, roasted red peppers, prosciutto san danielePIZZA:QUATTRO FORMAGGIBufala mozzarella, ricotta, parmesan, fontina fontal (then I order to add the large, full anchovies)orTARTUFFOblack truffle, parmesan crema, fontina fontal, roasted cremini BEVERAGES:So many GREAT Wines to choose from!DESSERT:CHOCOLATE PIZZANeapolitan crust, nutella, valhrona chocolate, strawberries, toasted hazelnuts, vanilla gelato
2	The first time we visited Due Forni we enjoyed the experience.  Thought it was a little overpriced for pizza but enjoyed the visit, and had good food.  We were excited to go back for Restaurant Week but had a bad experience for our second visit.  First, we were informed that you cannot split the three course meal (which included more than enough food for two people, and was $30). So instead of four of us splitting two RW menu deals, none of us ordered off that menu so no money went to charity which was the whole point of going back.  In addition, the short rib pizza was on the RW menu but they would not allow us to order that pizza unless we did the RW menu including all three courses which we could not share.  The whole thing didn't make any sense at all. The waitress was not friendly and basically ignored us after we ordered until the bill came.  Not impressed and unfortunately will probably not be back.
3	I've had Due Forni on my list for awhile. When I noted they were participating in Restaurant Week 2013 I knew this would be my time to go since it is in a completely different side of town from where I live. There were some pros and cons to my experience which leads to my decision of rewarding the A-OK rating. I mean, was it terrible? No. Was it great? No. So I have to go halfway.Pros: - Delicious Sweet Bufala Ricotta - complete with toasted pistachios and artisanal honey. Honestly my dessert was the best part of my meal. It was savory with a bit of sweet and the perfect portion for a dessert to end your meal. If anything, I'd come back specifically to have this dessert item.- The restaurant dutifully upheld RW menu and brought my friend and I everything we ordered. The waiter was bland, but not discriminate against us when we informed him we would be dining on the RW menu (I've had this experience at other places). - Although service was indeed slow and our waiter was incredibly scripted and boring he did not push wine or an upgrade of our meals, which I was afraid of since I have noted in other reviews patrons felt as though they were being upsold during their whole meal, which is annoying, of course.- My friend and I dined outside on their patio which is always a nice alternative if it's available and not 100 degrees outside.Cons:- Insalata with mixed greens, artichokes and olives was underwhelming and I had to spit out two pieces of artichokes that had the hard exterior still on them.- Oven Roasted Chicken with Potatoes and Spring Onions. I could not stomach the onions, one bite and I knew they were not being eaten. Maybe it's just my personal preference. The potatoes were the star of the dish. I might as well have just asked for a plate of starch, rather than having the chicken, which albeit had an interesting flavor, was so small I couldn't believe I was done with it and still hungry. Also, I can make better tasting chicken in my own kitchen. A lot better.- Service as stated above was bland and seemed extremely rehearsed. - Menus are paper and placed in front of you during the entirety of your meal. Perhaps to remind you just how much you are paying for your authentically mediocre Italian food. Paper menus are silly and honestly a slap in the face to most people who believe in being enviro friendly. What is so hard about laminating and reusing?Lastly...So I did not have the pizza, which is their forte, of course, but I was quite disappointed in my experience. Also, I noted the chicken I had was not even on the actual menu. It seemed odd to me - did they just make up this dish for RW and slap it on the dinner menu, or is perhaps on the lunch menu? Either way, it's an odd thing in my opinion.Would I return? Only if I was specifically invited by someone. I would never return on my own volition.
4	Due Forni is a hip, trendy place to try if you are in the mood for some pizza and you happen to be on this side of town. I must say that I prefer the pizza at Settebello, however as far as ambiance goes, this place is hopping. One goes to Settebello to eat the best pizza in the world and then get out of there. Due Forni was designed to make diner linger, they have a decent wine menu and have this great little terrace where you can just chill. While their pizza smay not be the best in town, their apperizers and mozzarella bar are the bomb! Literally every item is wonderful; you'd be remiss to not try at least one item. When I go we usually order a bunch of apps and maybe one pizza. I read an article where John Curtas raves about their roasted branzino, making the most out of their super-hot oven and supreme quality offish. I have yet to try it but it sounds delish.
5	Wonderfully presented and executed from appetizers through dessert. Delicious! I've taken several vendors here from out-of-town and all were impressed. Nice to have something so classy off of the strip.
4	Restaurant Week special!This is a swanky pizzeria...nice setup, great service, friendly waitstaff.  Prices are fairly high IMO, but since this was a restaurant week menu, the value was definitely there!Started off with the Stracciatella :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/due-forni-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#72Gs4xMnE-j2j731VEdzVAWhich has fresh basil, tomato, and sopressata. The wife really liked this, but it didn't do much for me truthfully.  A bit soupy with the cheese...dunno, not for me.The Caesar salad :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/due-forni-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#buDRCJqIstPhsIAkybXy3wConsisted of Romaine hearts, herb croutons, parmesan, garlic vinaigrette. Good flavors here...got me to eat a bit of it, and I hate lettuce!Entrees!  Short Rib Pizza :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/due-forni-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#VEV0RNGNULv34WGTWH_CVwMade of braised short rib, bufala mozzarella, and roasted cremini. Good, but not quite mind blowing like I thought it would be!  I had really high expectations for this, but what I got was a mushroomy pizza with a lot of "juices" sitting on top...kind of runny and watery, albeit a decent pizza overall.  I guess I am not a big fan of this style of pizza, since Settebello didn't do much for me either.  So take this part of the review with a grain of salt.However, what WAS mind blowing was the Panino!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/due-forni-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#LJ88OvtQpSqszMYYGnFt2wWhich is braised pork belly, fontina, and caramelized onions. This was amazing! Super fatty, oily, and delicious!  Too rich for the wife's tastes, but I absolutely loved this!  Highly recommended!And last but not least, Dessert! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/due-forni-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#vcF3sAtjnZhJ1-TQyn6kSgThe Bourbon Caramel Panna Cotta : vanilla gelato, toasted walnuts and Chocolate Gelato! The PC was ridiculous! Best I've had so far!  I really like choco gelato, but the PC blew it outta the water, and I scraped out each and every little bit in that cup!  If I make it back here again, I will order this 100% for sure!Most of the pizzas here are $16-20, so they are a bit spendy.  But since this isn't really my style of pizza anyways, I would be hard pressed to return, just to order the sandwich and Panna Cotta again lol.
4	This is a solid choice for a nice, romantic night out. The restaurant has a pleasant interior as well as outdoor seating area without being excessive . The servers give you the old fashioned respectful treatment, which always feels nice. I came here with my girlfriend during restaurant week for dinner and we enjoyed the nice weather outside.We ordered the stracciatella and the Insalata. The straciatella was a rather unusual dish I must say. I know that mozzarella and tomato salad is a thing that they do out there in Italy, but the addition of ricotta cheese and the melding of the cheeses into some sort of strange paste was a bit unusual. My insalata kept it simple-- greens and tasty olives with a traditional dressing.My girlfriend ordered the spring chicken and I went with the rib pizza. The pizza was, if anything, a bit too meaty. Lots of yummy arugula and some mushrooms as well. I think I would have liked some marinara sauce with it to weaken the meaty taste of the ribs, but it still tasted pretty decent the way it was made (and the leftover slice I heated the next day in the oven was actually quite nice). Very filling for a Neapolitan style pizza. The chicken was solid-- tender potatoes, seasoned vegetables, and tender, salty chicken. We gobbled it all up without a problem.Dessert really impressed me. I had the pistaccio ricotta with honey and my girlfriend had the Bourbon caramel panna cotta. Both are EXCELLENT creations. I think the ricotta is a better choice for the more sophisticated palate-- the ricotta is only lightly sweetened and this is complimented by the saltiness of the pistachio and the drizzled honey to create a most pleasurable display of complimentary tastes on the tongue. The panna cotta is a better choice for one with a stronger sweet tooth. The combination of the gelato and the caramel in each bite creates a most soothing sensation of creaminess to balance the unfathomable sweetness of the caramel. Both desserts were promptly and quickly finished by us, the patrons. Pleasing atmosphere, good service, and a decent amount of wine for under $10 make this place a winner and well worth a return visit.
5	We've been hearing about this place for some time so one Sunday we ran in to get a to-go pizza and were not disappointed. The bartender was friendly and took our order after giving us some great recommendations. We ordered the Bianca al proscuitto cotto on Roman crust  as well as the Tricolore salad both were outstanding. While we waited for our pizza (only about 10 minutes) the bartender provided us with water and great conversation. When we got home we could hardly wait to dig into the delicious smelling pizza. The grilled onions are the perfect accompaniment to the proscuitto and the Tricolore salad was perfectly light and delicious the robiola cheese was out of this world. Due Forni will certainly become a regular stop for us.
5	Buonissimo!We are visiting from San Francisco and we were all very  impressed with everything! Great decor - Simple and sophisticated. The outdoor seating was sooo comfortable. We could have enjoyed the slight breeze and sipped beverages in good company all night. Ottimo servizio!  Our server, Brian D., was pleasant, professional and knowledgeable on all of the wines. When we didn't see our typical wines on the list, Brian made fantastic recommendations that didn't break the bank. He presented all of the specials and various menu options (our mouths were watering by the end) - but didn't try to sell/push anything on our group. We can't wait to try more menu selections. We tried a couple of the pizzas - the toppings and combinations were unique and tasty! The pizzas definitely rival Delfina, our SF fave. Complimenti alla cuoca!This is a great pick for a date or night out with good friends and family. We will look forward to out next visit to Vegas.
2	I had been here before and was slightly impressed the first time, so I figured I would give it another go. This time, I was going for their "Restaurant Week" lunch menu. Our server, Brad, seemed overwhelmed with the Two - Three tables he had. My water glass was empty until 20 mins after my order had been taken. The manager had to stop by and fill it up after seeing me fiddling with it. He came by once, after my order was taken, and said, "dont worry, I didn't forget about you guys". For my app, I ordered the "Stracciatella"(refer to pic), which had some good elements, but once 4 out of the 5 elements ran out, it was just a whole bunch of cheese and oil left over. In the appetizer, there were three tomatoes, one crustini, a few leaves of basil, two slices of sopressata, around 6 oz of bufala mozzarella, and oil. There was just WAY too much creamy, bufala mozzarella compared to everything else.For my lunch entree, I ordered the "Oven Roasted Short Rib Pizza"(refer to pic), which was delicious.. at first. After a while, once again, there was just way too much oil. I liked the short rib and arugula combination. Even the crispy bread withstood the watery sauce that was coming from the short ribs. After a few pieces, it wasn't appetizing or enjoyable.For dessert, I received their "Chocolate Gelato"(refer to pic) which was good. Silky, smooth, and decadent, just the way I like it. Overall, the meal was so-so, but the service was below standards, for not only people that are in the industry, but regular guests as well. I'm glad I went out and "contributed" to Three Square, but was very sad that I didn't leave feeling I had an amazing experience.
5	I love Due Forni. It is such a great place: food's amazing, customer service couldn't be better and the restaurant has a really laid back atmosphere that really makes you feel welcome.There are plenty of wine options at really affordable prices. Don't be shy to ask server for advice. Due Forni pizza -Romana- is my favorite. There are a lot of comparisons with Settebello, also great- but IMHO what sets Due Forni apart from competitors are wine options and appetizers, including the truly superb  mozzarella bar. Not to miss!!Ps- Try the chocolate and bacon ice cream!! You will be surprised.
4	The service is great and the atmosphere is very relaxed. The pizza was great, and the waiters are knowledgable.
5	We are frequent diners and have never been disappointed.  I really appreciate how friendly the staff is and flexible with unusual orders.  Not on the menu but ask for an Affogado after dinner!
4	This place has an awesome vibe.  I would totally bring a date here.  The charcuterie plate (chef's platter) was good, and so was the swordfish with fennel puree - which was seared and a little raw in the center (yum).  Now the pizzas were a little tricky for me.  The prosciutto and arugula pizza would appeal to individuals like my husband who like sweet finishes to savory dishes.  The meat pizza on the other hand... I kept thinking what is wrong with this joint? My pizza is soggy!  But then I came across an article on Serious Eats about a recent trip to Italy.  Apparently, Neapolitan pizzas are really meant to be eaten wet.  Yes, WET. There are 2 types of crusts served here in Due Forni - Roman and Neapolitan.  We ordered the prosciutto one in Roman crust, and the meat pizza in Neapolitan crust.  The tomato sauce in the latter order really consumes the thin crust of the Neapolitan pizza, thus making it wet and soggy.  Maybe I need to be serenaded by the Italian coast and culture before I really get into this stuff.  In the meantime, I'll stick to my dry pizza or the other items on the Due Forni menu.
4	Items sampled include:Napa Valley FlightNeapolitan Margherita with Bufala Mozzarella, San Marzano Tomatos, Fresh Basil, Frantoia Olive OilRoman Duck Confit with Oven Roasted Duck, Bufala Mozzarella, Fresh Spinach, Red Onion, Over Easy EggSemolina Gnocchi with Smoked Nueske's Bacon, Peas, Black Truffle CremaSweet Bufala Ricotta - Honey and Roasted PistachiosClearly believing two ovens to be better than one Due Forni has been gathering a lot of attention in Las Vegas ever since opening its doors and given the convenient off strip location and lunch hours the pizza and wine bar became our first stop after my friend's plane touched down.  A surprisingly large space with earth tones, wood, and Edison bulbs serving as decoration while two Neapolitano brick ovens dominate the back half of the restaurant turning out both Roman and Neapolitan pies our arrival found the restaurant almost entirely empty and within moments we were seated, a young man named Eric proving a competent if not slightly overzealous server.Wanting to see what the restaurant had to offer both from the ovens and the kitchen I was given the charge of ordering while my friend enjoyed a $24 flight of hefty reds and with so few patrons at 2:00pm our pizzas arrived quickly, a superlative Margherita with oozing puddles of imported mozzarella and bright, assertive tomato sauce beneath a slick of olive oil and basil followed by a crisp and crackling 500F Roman  style pie with tomatoes replaced by a creamy egg intermingling with rich, smoky duck and strong notes of red onion.  Generally a fan of more blister and bubble on my Neapolitan but thoroughly impressed by the ingredient quality of both pies I'd be hard pressed to choose a favorite, though I imagine a Margherita Roman with some Prosciutto would be perfect.Unable to resist gnocchi, whether flour or potato, an order of this semolina iteration arrived alongside the duck confit and although rich and plentiful with great texture I personally found the dish to be a touch too saline and a bit heavy on truffle oil - the sort of dish that probably would have benefitted by a glass of something dry and white - and ending on the "RICH" theme I'll simply say that anyplace willing to serve a cup full of sweetened cheese topped with honey and nuts as dessert is worth visiting in my book...smoky, creamy, sweet - definitely a must order, and perfect with coffee.
5	The service here was fantastic!  In town for work, I came in for a relaxing weeknight dinner.  Everyone was on it -  the extra friendly host, my charming waiter and the bartender who went out of his way to wish me a nice night.  They pay attention to details here, even the waiter who was new and shadowing my waiter made sure to turning the label of the water bottle in my direction after pouring.  Its SO nice to be taken care of...I ordered the roasted beet salad with goat cheese and pistachios on arugula to start and the Neapolitan margherita pizza.  I am a huge fan of beets, so I was thrilled with the generous portion.  The goat cheese was nice quality, too.  The pizza was good and had a nice char from the oven.  My waiter nicely explained to me that this style of pizza is made with dough that has a higher water content, so the middle tends to be wetter.  It wasn't the best Neapolitan pizza I've ever had but it was tasty.  And is pizza ever really bad?  Food was 4 stars.  Service was 5+.  I've had much more expensive dinners in this city that weren't half as good.  The wine list looked nice.  I didn't partake but a table a few down from mine seemed to be having a great time enjoying some nice bottles of red.  I liked the outdoor patio (it was cool enough to sit outsice) but the bar was packed, too.  It looked like there were some good spots to have a beer, get dinner and watch a game.
4	This pizza was amazing as were the salads.  Service is top notch, very professional, however I would suggest perhaps a bit more casual demeanor, they were a bit dry.  I would have given them 5 stars however, there are some minor critiques to the pizzas I would have suggested to really take them from amazing to out of this world! I will defiantly be back.
5	We tried both the Neapolitan and the Roman style crusts. Both were the best pizzas I ever had. Service was top notch as well.
4	I enjoyed lunch here today with a colleague for the first time. The beet salad with basil pesto, arugula, goat cheese, toasted pistachios and fig vincotto was fantastic. You can't go wrong with beets and goat cheese as far as I'm concerned. We also shared the Polipo which is braised mediterranean octopus, arugula, piquillo peppers, taggiasca with mint vinaigrette and last but not least the Semolina gnocchi, with italian sausage, pine nuts and ricotta salata which was soo good.  I can't wait to go back and try the two styles of pizza they offer and are actually known for. Brad B was our server, Service was great, attentive but not intrusive.
5	Let me first start out by saying that the service here was just terrific, from the moment we had entered, with the gentleman opening the door, to the manager holding the door open as we left.  Also, the degree of service was very consistent, even with the 6 staff members we had encountered. Thank you.  And please keep it up. After work today, I rushed to make it in time for their happy hour, which ends at 6:30pm - and yes, I made it.  I basically ordered 4 out of the 5 dishes they had available on the HH menu. The first one was the vegetarian flatbread with penne basil, roasted sweet cherry tomatoes, and parmegiano reggiano (the cheese might negate the vegetarian label, though) - very delicious, to say the least.  We also ordered the meatballs, which were quite good; but I wouldn't say they were the best.  Their prosciutto wrapped dates with goat cheese were not as sweet as Firefly's, but might rival it both in quality and as an overall side.  I wanted to order another plate of it, but got full too quickly.  Their oven baked goat cheese dish was very simple, too, with house-made bread and a lightly fried mixture of bacon, goat cheese spread, along with some thinly sliced apricots.  The chef also decided to give us the fifth and final happy hour menu item: the Gnocchi, on the house, which has a bit of a lovely spice, along with their sausage.  I was very surprised that the chef did that.  I guess the chef wanted us to try the whole HH menu, which is a pretty great list.  I did, however, want to try their oxtail soup that I had read about a few weeks ago.  Sadly, they had removed it from their HH menu.  On a happier note, this led me to check out the other dishes from their regular menu.  We ended up getting the Due Forni pizza with the Roman style crust.  And I have to just thank them for making an amazing concoction of a pizza. The meat, the sauce, whatever was put in there made it so delicious. And the crust - the crust! It was crispy and light, just how it was intended.  After everything I had eaten here, I didn't even feel like disgusting and gross, and regretting what I had eaten.  Perhaps I didn't eat as much as I thought I did or maybe the food just wasn't of the greasy type. Overall, I had a wonderful experience here.   I cannot wait to try out the rest of their menu.
5	I used to live in Italy back in the day. Southern and Northern Italy. This is without a doubt Italian pizza in the United States. They import their tomatoes and mozzarella. The mozzarella is "mozzarella di bufala" or water buffalo mozzarella brought in directly from the capital of mozzarella - Campania! You absolutely MUST get the mozzarella ball (get it plain with a side of prosciutto - the taste is so incredible by itself without any of the extra toppings they offer). The pizzas come in two different crusts (roman and Neapolitan). Neapolitan is traditional Italian pizza preparation. Fabulous! There are two wood fire ovens that bake the pizzas and they were also imported from Italy.Due Forni is off-Strip located in a small corner in Summerlin and is a must go! It's my absolutely most favorite restaurant in Vegas and not just for the food but also for the service. My husband and I always have a great experience at Due Forni and they have a large outdoor covered patio so it's always available to sit outside in the sunshine with shade.
5	Was curious about this place, since the wife and I drive right by it every day on our way to the gym. Went there after 9pm on Saturday night. Not at all crowded, so we were seated right away. Greeted by the manager and our server. Nice atmosphere with cool dance music playing in the background. Outside seating is available, but my partner was a little chilly, so we sat inside the main dining area. Ordered a couple of beers and a Seminola Gnocchi to start. Loved the taste, and it was really enhanced by the smoked nueske bacon - i'll be ordering this again soon! Got the Neapolitan style Due Forni pizza. I liked it - the wife, on the other hand, is more of a fan of crispy crust pizza. For dessert, I had the panacotta with vanilla gelato and black marinated cherries. I literally had to fight my wife off, as she was paying an unusual amount of attention to my dessert, (she had the chocolate gelato with bacon).Service was top-notch - our server seemed really genuine and friendly, like he was from the old country. I wish all servers were like this - other restaurants should take lessons from these guys! Everybody made us feel realy welcome. It's nice and convenient to have a restaurant like Due Forni so close to the house. We'll definitely be going back, as I want to try the other dishes on the menu!
5	Dined here last week with a colleague and had an outstanding dinner.  We started with the turkey meatball appetizer which was very good and a generous portion of 6 medium-large meatballs.  I ordered the prosciutto and arugula pizza in the Neapolitan style - it was great, crust was perfectly cooked - I believe they cook them at 900 degrees for 90 seconds in a wood fired oven.  My colleague ordered the pork special which contained both loin and a beautiful looking piece of pork belly - he said it was very good.  The ambiance was nice and the service was very good, actually amazing for a pizza joint.
5	I went here with three friends. We kept it simple: a bottle of wine and three pizzas. Each pizza was great, and none of us could agree on which was the best. The three we ordered were: Due Forni (Neapolitan), Bianca al Prosciutto Cotto (Roman), and the Tartufo (Neapolitan). My only knock I have is that the Neapolitan pies were a bit soggy in the middle. Other than that, all of the pies were bursting with flavor. The Tartufo may be a bit rich if you do not mix it up with some other selections. The service was great, as two different managers came by to check on us, and both had honest opinions and helpful recommendations. Our server was a tad pushy on up-selling, but as someone in the game, I see where he is coming from. The atmosphere was satisfactory. But this place is about one thing first and foremost, and that is churning out two distinct styles of Italian pizzas, and they do that exceptionally well.
2	Food quality and portions were just OK for the price. The service from the waiter was terrible. He was slow to fill water and really just quite rude. I don't think he even realizes that he is. Someone needs to teach him about customer service. I can honestly say I simply wouldn't go there again. There are so many places that have better food and far better service.
5	Truly outstanding. This is is one of the restaurants -- so rare these days -- that gets everything right: ambiance, service, food, quality, speed, great wine list by the glass. Fabulous. Very impressed with the al fresco dining as well. The patio faces the street/parking lot, as most outdoor dining areas unfortunately do, but they did a fab job at decorating it. It's lovely and serene. Rocco, our server, was great -- he came by just often enough not for it to be too much. We shared the fantastic appetizer plate -- worth every penny -- and a Neapolitan style pizza.Quite possibly my favorite new-ish place in town. Fantastic experience all around. They make it seem so easy.
5	Just remembered why this used to be one of my favorite neighborhood places. Had a fabulous meal. The corn bisque was delicate and flavorful , the traditional carbonara had all the right mix of ingredients. Nice to know that you can get authentic mozzarella and the best San Danielle prosciutto. The carpaccio of beef-perfect. Beyond the amazing ingredients and great preparation of all the menu items, the hospitality of the entire staff including chef partner Carlos and new chef de cuisine, Michael makes you feel that this unique place should be on your must repeat over and over.
5	Simply Wonderful.We happened upon this establishment quite by accident. Turns out, its absolutely the best pizza restaurant I have been to in this city. Service is excellent but not too formal, pizza is traditional and simplistic, the appetizers and dessert you should make a separate trip for. The wine selection is limited to a few dozen nice varietals, one section in the $50ish per bottle range, and the other in the $100ish. Again very simple and saves you from having to browse through pages and pages of hundreds of different prices and types.They appear to have two large, real pizza ovens which you can see through the glass partition. We had a simple Bianca Al Prosciutto Cotto which was fantastic, a bowl of decadent Gnocchi  and the Chef's platter. Nothing fancy; simple, perfect, delicious.We plan on stopping by happy hour and just trying the mozzarella bar. Will report back with moreIf you want a slice of Italy to compliment your busy week, these are the people and this is the place.
4	Happy hour  is their best time for great food and fun. Dinner is good, yet I would avoid the thin crust pizza style and the Margharita pizza was disappointing. Best part of this restaurant: wine and appetizers.
5	Great out of the way restaurant.  Love having a restaurant not on the strip.  Awesome wine list, along with amazing food.  Best eggplant appetizer that I have ever had.  This is a 'muist go' if you are in Las Vegas!!!
5	Bread pudding is off the hook! One of the best I ever had. This is my new favorite restaurant. Gotta have the gnocchi! Good service as usual.The staff is so friendly and polite.
5	I have had consistently excellent visits here and highly recommend Due Forni.  Everything I've sampled have been fresh, hot (or cold depending on item), and delicious.  From skewered dates to gnocchi to the pizza (prosciutto e rucola; Due Forni namesake pizza), I can't select a favourite item.  I've only had the Neapolitan crust and will try the Roman crust next time.  (The former is baked for 90 seconds at 900 degrees, resulting in a light, chewy crust.  Roman crusts are baked at 500 degrees for 3 minutes, resulting in a thin, firm crust.)Service is fantastic.  Don't be surprised if the servers remember you!
3	After reading all the great reviews about this place and buying a Groupon or it, I was stoked to finally give it a shot. I love pizza and anywhere I can find good pizza is always a plus. We were seated promptly, served our waters and given menus. I was looking around the restaurant and noticed that EVERY SINGLE person was white and that we were the only minorities. So in my head I thought "great, now they are gonna be racist and not serve us cuz we aren't white." Not true at all, we received amazing service!! My friend said I was being a bit paranoid, which may have been true. Our server did take a while to finally take our order, but it was dinner time and the place was packed. As an appetizer, we opted for the polpette (turkey meatballs in marinara sauce.) A little too heavy on the breading and not enough turkey meat. I liked the meatballs better at Dom De Marco's, but they don't use turkey so you can't really compare them fairly. It crumbled easily, but the flavors were good. The waiter suggested bread to dip in the marinara sauce. That was an additional $3, but the bread was warm and soft, so I wasn't mad about that. As for the pizza, I wanted to be a little more adventerous than a margherita, so we ordered the Bianca al prosciutto, which had ham, caramalized onions and balsamic vinegar. I took one bite and hated it! The crust was soggy, ham was way salty and balsamic vinegar should only be used on salads. My friend thought it was an ok pizza, but only had one slice. We told our server, who then informed the manager of our disappointment. I used to work in the food industry so I know that it's an insult to send back food and I'm by far not a picky eater at all. I'm Filipino and we eat some weird stuff, but I just couldn't do the pizza. The manager offered us a different pizza, but I declined because I was full from the meatballs. The manager was very polite and understanding and said he would take the pizza off the bill. Our server had a worried look on his face when he offered us dessert. I ordered the chocolate gelato with bacon pieces and he assured me that it was a good choice. The manager who spoke to us earlier personally brought over the dessert and said it was on the house. Nice!!! Our server came back to explain that the bacon can be too overwhelming if eaten alone and to make sure that the spoonful had a good amount of gelato. He was right, but the dessert was delish!!Our bill with the bread, meatballs and dessert was only $14. Since the service was excellent considering my dislike for the pizza, a hefty tip was deserved. I think I'll just stick to the margherita pizza next time.
4	Super delicious crust on the pizza if you eat it within 5 minutes of arriving at the table. Ingredients are fresh and very tasty. The wait was non existent as we walked in early on a weekday. Pizza came out fast as well.
5	Hands down, best pizza experience I have EVER had. Atmosphere was warm and inviting, quiet and intimate...perfect for a date night.  I can't wait to go back again.  Service was super attentive, friendly, and beyond knowledgeable.  Rocco (our server) dazzled us with his Italian accent, and answered every question we had.The wine list isn't huge, but it's small and imported.  We had an amazing bottle of Chardonnay, but not before we sampled almost the entire wine list (note to self the $26 glass of Chardonnay is a $5 sample for next time) because we were unfamiliar with a lot of the wines.Picante pizza with the Neapolitan crust and a caesar salad was outstanding.  My head was sore from the amount of wine we consumed, but that wasn't anyone's fault but ours!!!
4	I have been wanting to try Due Forni for a while so I was glad to finally try it. Here they offer pizza, appetizers, salads, mozzarella bar and have a selection of wines.  They have 2 different ovens for 2 different types of pizza. The "Neapolitan" had a crust that is more soft and thick and the "Roman" had a crust that is thin and crispier. Since I was here having lunch with a fellow yelper who has been here several times, I asked her suggestions as far as portion size and what was good. She said the pizza was huge and filling so we decided to split a pizza and salad. I can't remember the name of the salad, but it was the special of the day and delicious. The figs were very tasty and I'm usually not a fan of arugula however everything paired well and tasted great. Then came time for the pizza. We ordered the "Quattro Formaggi" priced at $15.99 with the roman crust. This pizza had buffalo mozzarella, parmesan, fontina fontal and ricotta on it which made for one cheesy delight. All the cheeses were perfect together and tasted very good. This pizza usually comes white, but we requested red sauce made with san marzano tomatoes be added and the sauce is boss! The crust however I wasn't a fan of. I found the roman crust very chewy and tough to eat so I would try this pizza with the neapolitan crust next time. Another thing is I was still hungry when the bill came so I wouldn't share again since I could have easily eaten 3 pieces of the pizza and all of the salad *oink oink*. Service was great and I will definitely come back to Due Forni. **Happy Hour is from 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm 7 days a week** Current HH menu: $5-Oven Baked Goat Cheese-Dates Skewer-Meatballs-Gnocchi-Vegetarian Flat Bread
3	I really can't say I was impressed -- especially not impressed when comparing it to my beloved Settebello. I came here on a Saturday night with some friends. Molly was kind enough to make reservations for us because some reviews mention that it was an absolute must. That was not the case. The restaurant was about 3/4 empty. It is a very elegant restaurant with friendly and attentive staff. They were patient with us while we waited for out fourth person to arrive. In the meantime I opted for a Moretti beer, he brought me a Hefeweizen (about $3 more). I can't speculate on whether this was intentional or a simple oversight, but it still annoyed me. We started off with a Capraccio appetizer (thin sliced prime beef, arugula, pine nuts, parmesan, cremini mushrooms, black truffle) - for $11.95 it did nothing for me. It actually was fairly tasteless even though I was hungry.We then opted to share three pizzas --Due Forni, Bianca Al Prosciutto Cotto, and Prosciutto E Rucola. That was roughly $50 worth of pizza alone. Had it been as amazing as people rave it to be I would not have minded this price tag, but it was not. The neapolitan crust was still too thin and hard without too much flavor. Everyone had piles of crust left on their plates and that says a lot. When Molly and I go to Settebello for our neapolitan pizza fix, you can bet your life there will not be a drop of that pizza left. For the price, this place just isn't worth it. The service was fine, the food was adequate but overpriced, and I would not go out of my way to dine here again.
5	Already my fourth trip to Due and it has yet to disappoint.  I fancy myself as a pizza aficionado and this has quickly become my favorite place anywhere.
4	It's the closest to having a pizza from Patsy's in NYC, west of the Mississippi. They use real buffalo mozzarella, San Marzano tomatoes, etc. The crust is perfection. The Neopolitan crust is chewy with that light char from the 900 deg oven that automatically spin the pizzas for an even bake.Great selection of wines by the glass ($10 aver). They also have a select list of beers for about $5-6.I didn't give it 5 stars because the ingredients weren't distributed well throughout the pizzas. It was like someone did it in such haste that attention to distribution wasn't considered. Some slices of the Due Forni Pizza were completely void of the smokey bacon bits and sausage, while one slice had all the roasted red peppers. The Margarita Pizza was the same way where the mozzarella was almost on left half  of the pizza, but only tomato sauce on the right half. Again, even distribution would've been nice. Also, I LOVE fresh basil, but cooked basil is bitter and loses its essence. Patsy's makes the pizza, then tears fresh basil on top with oil.All in all, the Mrs. really liked the Due Forni Pizza. I couldn't stop eating the crust.
3	You know the adage, "pizza is like sex, even when it's bad, it's still pretty good?" Yeah, that's Due Forni for me. The neapolitan crusts aren't done right. They're not gummy and too crispy to truly be the neapolitan way. I shouldn't be able to pick up the pizza and eat it with my hands...I could here. Definite "meh" there. The flavors were alright, but I expected to be absolutely blown away from all the good reviews. Not so.The appetizer we ordered (you'll see Ms. Dana's review is posted near mine date-wise; we went together, obvs) was pretty bland and food, as we all know, should not be bland. I guess I just don't see the hype. I'm glad that I had a KNPR reward gift for being such a good liberal and donating to the station, because I would not make the drive for this place if I hadn't had some incentive. It's not that special.
4	We had a Groupon expiring in a few weeks and decided to use it last night on a lazy Labor Day evening.  I had looked at the menu online and we pretty much knew what we were going to order.For starters, we shared the appetizer polpette, baked turkey meatballs in tomato sauce and parmesan cheese.  The meatballs were excellent.  They were juicy and the tomato sauce billed on the menu as San Marzano tomato, was also very good.  It made a nice dish for sharing.This was the first time in years that we have gotten pizza.  I know that's almost un-American but it's true.  We ordered the quattro fromaggio with bufala mozzarella, ricotta, parmesan, and fontina cheeses.  The pizza made 4 large slices and was almost the perfect size for two people.  I had to bite the bullet and finish more than two slices but we all have to make sacrifices.  We ordered it Neapolitan style.  It was a treat!A little dessert never hurts the ending of a meal and we ordered the sweet bufala mozzarella with honey and pistachio nuts.  A small size but just right for two people.  A nice ending to a good meal.Service was excellent.  Matthew had a good sense of humor and was a top notch server.  I mentioned to one of the owners (?) that the Groupon worked the way they hoped.  It got us in the door and the food will bring us back.  This was a nice change.
4	Hands down best gluten free pizza I have ever had. I love the atmosphere. It is an upscale pizzeria. You would never know you are at a pizza place. We ordered the tricolore salad and the Due Forni pizza on gluten free crust. Both were delicious. For dessert, we ordered bacon covered chocolate gelato. OMG. Bacon + chocolate gelato = perfect way to finish off a great meal. We each had a glass of wine and my friend had a lemoncello with dessert. The total bill was around $76 before tip. Pretty expensive for a pizza place, especially considering the size, but all in all it was a good experience. I will definitely be back!Downside: you had to pay for Parmesan cheese. Kind of odd for a pizza place, considering most provide it for free.
5	I don't think I have ever had service like this  at a restaurant and not spent $300.  I was treated like a king and spent $75 including a bottle of wine and dessert.  Amazing dining experience!
5	Went there and had an awesome experience. The service was perfect and the food was great!  The managers made sure the experience was an awesome one! I will be returning as often as possible!
5	Great. They have two kinds of pizza, fast or deep dish. Great wine selection, and a full bar. Service was great and food was out fast. I am having the special and it tastes like it is from Italy. It is close to the Element by Westin.
5	Very fun and modern restaurant with quality food and great service! One of the types of pizza they offer is cooked in a 900 degree oven, making the wait time on your pizza as little as 2 minutes (not kidding). And bonus, the patio is enclosed and heated for those cold days! For my veggie friends: order the appetizer gnocchi without bacon, its amazing!
4	Food was very good, but kinda pricey for pizza. Service was decent as well. I would go back. The atmosphere was very nice.
4	Now, I loved Settebellos, but lately I have really come around to Due Forni. The Naples-style pizza wars are clearly in full effect here in the Valley and Dui takes it. Neapolitan pizza, done as well as Due and Settebellos do it, really shows how terrible most of what we get handed as "pizza" really is. So- the pizzas here (Neapolitan style still my favorite) are just great, taking me back to my first time in Italy. Start simple your first time and then explore the more complex pizzas. The main dishes they prepare in the ovens are really great so don't be afraid to try a special. I have had my pasta be a bit greasy,  but generally excellent.Lastly, the feel is great- 1960's modern Italy-ish with spaghetti westerns in the background. Good for family dinner, but a bit out of the way for a business lunch.Ricotta dessert is great as well as the Nutella pizza for the kids.
4	Delicious salads and pizzas. I love their crust and their truffle pizza is so fabulously decadent. Great food, wine, and service, what else do you need? Plus, it's affordably priced for such great quality food.
4	I come to Vegas and stay in Summerlin quite often, and I have to say I love this place. Some of their items change with the season, but some of my favorites are:Gnocchi appetizer Turkey meatball appetizer Roasted cauliflower soup-AMAZINGButternut squash soupSalads are great-my favorite is the seasonal spinach with ricotta salata, walnuts, and orange segments. I also like the tricolore (I think this changes) with muscato grapes and almonds! I always get a salad when I come here. The pizzas are delicious as well! I prefer the Roman crust...the vegetariana is delicious! I think my favorites are the Prosciutto e Rucola and the Margherita! Old fashioned(s) are pretty good here as well. Can't wait to come back!
5	WOW! If you ever want to experience something new (with a old dish) you need to try it all! The carpaccio was uniquely delicious the prime beef smooth and soft. We also tried the Panzanella salad again wow! We found this place because we wanted to try something different, but it blew our minds! And the Wild Boar lasagna woa!!
2	Let me start by saying that we used to go to Due Forni at least once a month. The pizzas are not the best thing ever but they are really good and we like the atmosphere. Last time we went though we had a horrible experience.. I ordered the chef special for the night which was Scallops. I love ordering their specials from time to time if I don't feel like pizza and they are always very delicious. This time though that wasn't the case - the scallops were horrible, only barely seared on just one side and tasted sour and undercooked. I cut one in the middle even though it didn't really look appealing and when I tasted it, I was really disappointed. The waitress saw my face and asked if everything is ok, to which I explained to her the scallops were undercooked and tasted bad and she apologetically took them back. The manager/host or whoever the new guy was at the door came to our table a minute later  to "apologize" by LECTURING me and rudely explaining to me how scallops are cooked and how they need to be undercooked and so on and if I wanted them cooked more that what they were, he can't guarantee their texture and they will be gummy. He seriously talked to me in such a demeaning manner, like I have never ever tasted a scallop in my life and I have no idea what I am talking about by sending those back. He wouldn't even let me say a word to explain myself. Of course he offered me to order something else and was trying to sound nice but the tone he spoke to me with was overall very disrespectful. I love scallops, I eat scallops often, I have had them in restaurants in LA, NY and many other places - point is I know what scallops should taste like and I know what a perfectly cooked scallop is - those just weren't, if I am paying $28 for that dish I expect them to at least be seared on both sides! I didn't want to make a big deal out of it, I was going to just order something else, but the rudeness of this person (who I have never seen there before) was so appalling to my husband and I, that we will never return to Due Forni again because of it. Being so called regular customers, as we live close to the place, and getting treated in such way for no reason, we have no willing to go back there ever again.. Food is good but customer service lacks big time!
5	Have been here multiple times and have always been impressed.  Attentive to details with both the food and the service.  Great way to start a night with family or friends is with the appetizers and progress as the time allows.  Nice atmosphere.  Pizzas are great and with the roman or neopolitan styles everyone gets what they want.  Adequate wine list as well.If you don't like it here, then you are really just expecting way too much for a moderately priced neighborhood restaurant that really has done a great job with service and food and I expect to be around for awhile.
5	Some of the best brick oven pizza I've had! I went with a bunch of co-workers for a Christmas lunch and had the opportunity to try 4 different pizzas: margherita, Due Forni, Bianca Al Prosciutto Cotto, Piccante.The pizza, the pizza is SO GOOD! And my absolute favorite was the Bianca Al Prosciutto Cotto - they just pile on the ham like it's going out of style, a way a pizza should be made. And I definitely can't complain about the others, they were also good, just didn't make the top favorite. I will say that they do have a gluten free crust, but I didn't have a chance to try it. We also had an assortment of the mozzarella bar: you can't go wrong with this. They offer three types of mozzarella and 6 complimentary sides. The Gnocchi - never had such small pieces of gnocchi - cute and delicious!!! For dessert, they served chocolate gelato with bacon and I have to say I love both those things, just not together. And then there was this delicious chocolate, nutella pizza dessert thingy that was to die for. It totally made up for the bacon chocolate gelato for me. Other things to note:- the pizza place is super cute and has a very rustic chic feel to it. - What I didn't get to try when I was here was any of the wine. They have quite the selection, and for this wino alone, I'll be going back. (as well as ordering a Bianca Al Proscuitto Cotto pizza)- They have a $5 happy hour food menu. (however I have no clue what time happy hour is...)
4	Du Forni has a nice relaxing environment . The menu is not that extensive though. I know that this isn't a Pizza Hut but I wish that some of the fancier pizza places would offer cheesy garlic bread or something of that caliber. We started our meal with a nice salad. It was fresh and the dressing was light but delicious.  We shared a pizza that had spinach and sausage.  The crust was thick but not dense. It was yummy!  I ended the meal with some chocolate ice cream sprinkled with freshly cooked bacon. The idea was creative but I thought the bacon should have been cooked longer. I was expecting crispy...crunchy bacon instead I ended up with chewy little bacon bits. If they made the bacon crispier they could even go a step further and cover the whole ice cream with crunchy peices of bacon . It would be like fried ice cream!
5	Absolutely love this place. They have some of the best pizza I've had. I get the tartufo just about every time I go. They specialize in pizza, but they also have other VERY tasty items on the menu, the Chilean seabass being the best option. The staff is very friendly and not snobbish at all, which seems to be a problem at other restaurants of this quality. I even had a manager come to the table to suggest some food items and a very good whiskey (Yamazaki.) If you do go, you can't go wrong with the beet salad. I get it every time I go. They have an excellent selection of wine and some very good beers which I don't see many other places.
4	Great food and terrific service.  Never understaffed and as a customer you get a lot of attention. Love the pizzas.  Beet salad is yummy too!  Casual and prices are fair.
4	Get the Tartufo pizza! The egg and mushrooms are perfect. An amazing pizza!!
5	Thank you local Yelppers helping us find this gem on the way to the airport from Red Rocks. Staff very friendly, gnocchi rich and flavorful and Due Forni pizza delicious. Wine by the glass spectacular. Please open a branch in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
3	The pizza is great and service is excellent; however the manager was extremely petty stating that only one gift card only per table could be used despite that no limiting language was on the gift card and our bill was over $200 with tip; very disappointing attitude that ruined a good experience.
5	Two years later, and we still love it! We always sit at the same corner table in the bar, and we have the best time when Juan is our waiter. This IS our spot. So glad we found it!Tip: If you prefer to dine sans children, sit at a table on the bar side ;)
4	Due Forni is such a great spot for a quick lunch or a more formalized dinner. Great lunch menu with simple choices like a spinach salad or a lighter version of baked Penni. For dinner , I highly recommend their Due Forni pizza and a side order or gnocchi.
5	Definitely an enjoyable visit.  Good authentic food.  Me and my friend used to work for Settebello so it is of equal quality...though I felt this place has a better menu selection and better bar ambiance.  Pricing structure is decent for what it is.  We got 3 pizzas, 2 apps, a salad, 3 beers and a soda for $90.  Tried their new turkey sausage with some sort of "jam" as the base sauce with goat cheese...delicious!
4	Settebello has a serious contender here. Impeccable service (slightly better than at Settebello), utterly delicious pizza, clever wine list and smart decor with an angle. We'll be coming here again and again. A must-try restaurant.
5	I was exceedingly pleased by our dining experience at Due Forni. Both doors were opened for a grand entrance. We requested to be seated on the outdoor patio. We were instantly greeted by Katherine, who introduced herself as our server for the evening. She gave a brief description of the night's specials. The diver scallops and oxtail special was quite tempting, but we had a tsste for napolean style pizza. We started with the Panzanella salad, which was served swiftly. The description didn't excite, but boy was I impressed and wanting for more. We tried the Maiale Bolognese at Katherine's recommendation. The pizza was made to perfection and the pork was so tender, it melted in my mouth. I kept noticing a wooden board being served to several tables with bread that looked delicious. Katherine told us that it was part of the mozzarella bar. A definite must try next visit. We finished the night with the Sweet Ricotta. Again, something I would not normally order, but bf was taking charge of the ordering tonight. The desert was delightful. It looked like ice cream, but it was not as cold. The honey added a perfect sweetness and paired well with the salty pistachios. The service was A1 from start to finish. Even on our way out, staff held the door for us and wished us well. Due Forni,  you have it ALL right!
4	What a find!High quality Italian fare that is actually rare. Salad is so fresh and pizzas are really good. We're so picky about Italian but this place gets our approval.
5	Absolutely love this place. Beautifully cooked food, quality ingredients, with great customer service. I am celiac (very allergic to gluten) and there are very few restaurants that I trust to prepare my food.I completely trust Due Forne, and can't recommend this restaurant highly enough.
5	We will be back!!!! First time dining here... OMG soo good. Our server Brad is a knowledgeable server and was great!!  Nice guy, great sever and service!! Love this new find :))
5	Love this place. Close to the house and oh so good. Love the soft mozzarella they serve here. Always tastes fresh and I like how you can add anything to accompany it. I also had the truffled penne which is tasty and I like how the wine list has a decent amount of wines by the glass, about 20 I would say maybe more!
5	This place is great! Came here with some friends and had the amazing pizza, grilled octopus salad appetizer, and beet salad. The BEST octopus I have ever had!!! For dessert; ricotta with honey and pistachios, and chocolate gelato with BACON. I absolutely cannot wait to come back here. Great service, amazing food!
2	I have eaten here probably 15 times and just recently the over all quality has gone down.I ordered a salad and the bowl of meatballs (Polpetti). First they were both delivered together, that was the first mistake, My arugula salad had more croutons than arugula and was swimming is dressing. My meatballs were very good but the portion size has dropped dramatically over the year to about 1/2 as many meatballs. It seem like they have a lot of turnover as I did not recognize  any staff or mgmt.Use to be one of my favorite  restaurants in the area, time to start looking again.
4	This was my first time eating Neapolitan pizza, and it won't be the last. It was delicious; my girlfriend and I both enjoyed it. Also, I highly recommend the chocolate pizza for dessert.
1	I read so many great reviews of this restaurant and I also had a friend recommend the pizza to me that I had to try it.  So, we went in and got seated right away.  Nice looking place, seems to be an upscale pizza place.  The hostess took our drink and food and we wondered if there are any servers here.  We noticed that the pizza on the menu does not indicate a size, but we figure that hopefully, one pizza is enough for two people, especially at $17, so we ordered the Due Forni.  It came out in less than 5 minutes, and I have to tell you that it was AWFUL! Not  to mention, the pizza was TINY!  Only about 10", definitely not enough for two people without anything else and wow, expensive for $17!!! The crust around the edges was BURNED black, the crust on the bottom fell apart as the "tomatoes" on it was basically tomato juice and my favorite part.........the meat toppings were ICE COLD.  Not room temp cold, but ice cold!  I guess they should cook the pizza for more than 90 seconds next time but somehow not burn the edges.  No one came over to check on us, no drink refills, etc. I would have sent this pizza mess back.  So, we finally ask for the check by the hostess, and with disgust, we paid the bill.  Finally, she asked us how everything was as we were walking out and I nicely shared this very bad service and food experience.  She apologized and brought the manager over to us as we were leaving.  He apologized and invited us in another time to try it again.  I always want to give the benefit of a doubt, especially with all of you Yelpers telling me that this pizza is actually good, so will try again and hope for a much better experience but honestly, I do not have high expectations.  Still looking for good pizza in LV.
5	First time here - was not disappointed! Other Yelpers got it right. Thx @julie_gPerfect place for Sunday Cheat Day. I will become a reg as long as I'm in Vegas.
3	Four or possibly four and  a half stars for the pizza quality, which is what you come here for anyway. Went in today at 5:30PM and dined on the patio- it was a gorgeous and breezy day, perfect for alfresco wine and pizza with my guy before he went off for the night shift.Had difficulty selecting a wine, server suggested a flight with three of their reserved wines in smaller pours. Sounded good, so we went for it and really enjoyed the presentation with the printed descriptions of each glass as a placemat. First wine was light and to my liking, second was my guy's favorite- fuller bodied and reminiscent of a cab, but the third was overwhelmingly acidic and we did not drink it.Ordered the Miala Bolognese pizza, romana style, at our server's suggestion (pork ragu, san marzano tomato, bufala mozzarella, basil, caramelized onion, clabrian pepper)- very hearty with just a bit of spice, amazing cheese. Roman style crust was thin, crispy, and crackly, but still firm. The combination of tomatoes and cheese and crust was spectacular- made me very curious to try the margherita.Unfortunately the pork was on the dry side, but it was still surprisingly flavorful and did not detract from the other elements of the dish- kind of an impressive feat. Pork itself was also notably not fatty, getting it's flavor from quality.Then we got the bill- just under $20 for an artisan-style pizza with high quality toppings, not bad. But the wine flight, not listed on the menu or mentioned in price by the server who suggested it, was a surprisingly high $36, for 9 oz- only 6 of which we even drank. Had I known the flight was equivalent to three entire glasses of wine, I would have chosen from the menu and had one large glass of a wine I DID like rather than merely sips, and leaving an entire glass behind unfinished.It wasn't until I pulled up the business page on Yelp that I noticed we were there smack-dab in the middle of happy hour- from 4:30 to 6:30, FYI, and yet no one we interacted with, from the bartender, to the host, to the server, ever bothered to mention it or drop off a menu of their featured specials.Not sure what is to blame for this oversight- would have much rather had the goat cheese appetizer and a single glass of wine with my pizza, had I known about the HH specials or the actual price of my wine flight. This should be mentioned when suggesting it to other diners in the future.TL;DR: Pizza is sublime and delicious, star subtracted for lack of transparency with pricing of wine flight suggested by server.
5	Stumbled on the amazing little Italian place by accident and couldn't be happier about it!!!Had great Italian bet on tap, amazing steak and spinach  salad ....Then the desert menu came out ... Bacon covered Chocolate Gelato... Has a more orgasmic desert ever been created? WOW!!! Can't wait to return!
5	Fun place with great Italian food, and close to Red Rock Canyon!
5	Such an amazing experience eating here for the first time last week. We tried out several things including the Mozzarella Bar and Chefs Platter combo. Highlights are the Maiale Bologonaise Pizza with pork ragu, san marzano tomato, bufala mozzarella, basil, caramelized onions, calabrian pepper and the Polipo with mediterranean octopus, mixed greens, piquillo peppers, taggiasca olives, mint vinaigrette. Everything here is made in a set of dual pizza ovens, pastas included!
5	Man from walking in the door to the right suggestions and,  knowledge of where the for originally comes from... WOW! Great, Great customer service,  Even meeting the chef just Awesome
5	Great pizza and service. The bacon covered gelato was amazing as well. No pizza will ever compare!
3	The pizza was good but their lasagna should be changed to vegetables with cheese on top.
4	Been here a few times and the food is always delicious.  That being said we had the worst service last night.  So bad that I actually wanted to write a review to vent a little bit.  We were seated by the hostess and told our waiter would be right with us.  Well that didn't happen.  The waiter never even glanced in our direction!  He waited on a table that was seated after us and still never looked at us.  The hostess brought us water.  The waiter ignored us.  We flagged down the hostess to tell her we haven't been seen by the waiter yet.  He still never came.  The hostess came and took our drink AND dinner order because yup you guessed it... still no waiter.  BTW, he's still taking care of the table right next to us!  The hostess brings our appetizer.  Still no waiter.  O' the waiter finally shows up and tells us that nobody told him we've been seated!  He was taking care of the table right next to us!!!  The waiter refilled our waters (yeah).  The hostess brought our food to the table.  The waiter showed up and tried to clear plates we weren't done with without asking if we were done and we had to tell him to leave it before he took it away!  When the waiter finally brought the bill he apologized only for being late to our table when we were seated and not the fact that even when he knew we were his table he still provided horrible service.  So sorry we had this experience because the food is always good and if it weren't for the hostess stepping up to the plate and actually taking care of us throughout dinner we probably wouldn't go back again.  Or we would just stick to sitting at the bar.
3	I'd say this place has 4 star pizza...3 stars on this review because my pizza was a bit overcooked. I had the Neapolitan Margherita. It was similar to Settebello in the fact that it tries to imitate authentic Italian style in a wood oven, but that's where the similarity ends (As I gave Settebello 5 stars).The sauce had a good flavor as I don't like a real strong acidic pizza sauce and this had a delicate flavor. Cheese consisted of the basic gobs of mozzarella. The dough was a bit over-baked and you could taste a burnt bread flavor in every bite coming from the bottom due to it being left in the oven about 30 seconds too long.Waitstaff was friendly. I came about a year ago and had the Tartufo pizza and remember it being good...I should have written a review back then.
3	Last time I ventured here, it was really really good, unfortunately one yr later, using a groupon, the pizza crust slightly burnt- ordered due forni pizza, the ingredient , not really spread evenly,, it was ok, nothing to write home about?Also had spinach salad, sorry little pricey for just a few pieces of pecan , cheese and spinach, it was tasty.. The waiter was prompt, tonight not too busy,, I do like to support small businesses, but looks like they changed their menu and increased their prices on all items.. But will give them another try..
3	This place has really gone downhill since it opened.My first few visits, I was so excited to have a pizza place of this caliber on my side of town. I was worried that it was never very busy and am surprised it has lasted this long. Even though everyone talks about how great it is, there never seems to be anyone there.We got busy with life and stopped going for awhile. When we returned, we were as happy as ever with our pizzas but also got the branzino, which I normally love but thought it was just OK.With the current pizza invasion, we hadn't been to Due Forni for nearly a year. I like the nearby Settebello better and was even considering Custom Built Pizza but wasn't in the mood for the fast food setting. Since there was a Groupon, we decided to save and give Due Forni another chance. Normally I don't buy Groupons for places I've been before, but I was having a hard time justifying the price when there are other spots nearby that I like better. This visit was a mistake.First, the host, who I think is the owner or manager, seemed annoyed that we wanted to sit inside. Whatever, he seated us. Our waiter was very strange and had a confusing attitude. I ordered root beer, and he didn't bother to tell me it was bottled. This wasn't a huge issue, but every restaurant I've ever been to that only offers bottled root beer has made sure to inform me of this before serving.Next, we ordered a Roman margherita and Neapolitan tacchino pizza. He upsold us on a salad, but I was hoping he would do that anyway so no problem. After taking our order, he returned promptly and said, "Roman margherita and Neapolitan tacchino, right?" I confirmed this.Soon after, he was breaking the egg on my husband's pizza. Tacchino pizza has no egg, so I re-read the menu and saw he had served tartufo, not tacchino. I told my husband, so he asked the waiter who then whispered in his ear, "Sir, I heard tartufo." My husband said he had ordered tacchino, and the waiter told him to just eat this one, and if he doesn't like it he'll replace it. WTF?First of all, I know he didn't hear "tartufo" because he came back and repeated "tacchino." So either he forgot between our table and the kitchen, or the kitchen messed up and he didn't want to deal with it. Second, how can you tell a customer to just eat what you gave them? These two pizzas have nothing in common! Plus this pizza is $4 more, so now he was charging us more for something we didn't want. My husband's a pushover and likes both kinds of pizza, so he just went along with it. I didn't argue because I'm on medication that could make me lash out at anyone who gives me the wrong response.My margherita pizza was disappointing as well. It tasted like it was made on a Saltine. While they always describe the Roman pizza crust as being cracker-like, I've never had it actually taste like a cracker.Unhappy with the food and service, I doubt I'll be returning here. I find it outrageous that a waiter would tell someone to "just eat" his mistake without offering to replace it with the correct order in addition to charging the higher price. I used to go all out to get people to come to Due Forni, but this goofball along with the higher prices for lower quality food have put an end to that.
1	Food was pretty good but I was totally put off when they charged $12.95 for a kids plain cheese pizza! It was the most expensive item on our receipt. I wish the waiter would have given us a heads up. Left feeling cheated. I would not come back.
5	Seriously good pizza. The Tartufo is my favorite, have to order it every time we visit. They take great care in baking the pizza to perfection, can't get enough of the Neapolitan crust. The carpaccio is also really good, unlike any I've had before. The staff is always friendly and helpful. We love this place and will keep coming back.
4	After hearing so many good reviews about this place finally came here to dinner with a friend. The service was great, good ambiance, and good wine list. The polipo was delicious, very well blended herbs and a mix of fresh salad. We got the vegetarian Romano style pizza, which came with thin crispy crust, lots of vegetables, but just missing a little bit of flavor to give it a "wow" factor. The turkey meatballs were so flavorful and so tender. Great appetizers, and good selection of artisan pizza and good wine, I will be back!
5	A hidden gem on S Town Center in an unobtrusive but upscale strip mall. Upon being seated, the owner, Alex, greeted us in a friendly and welcoming way and made several menu suggestions. We ended up having the pork belly and gnocchi as appetizers, and both were delicious.  We next tried a Pizza Picante in Neapolitan style and a Pizza Margherita in a Roman style, again, both were delicious although the Fresno peppers on the Pizza Picante were very hot....eater beware. The Neapolitan style pizza was a worthy facsimile of true Neapolitan style with a wonderful crust, very fresh buffala mozzarella and tasty tomato  sauce. Service was superb. We'll be back many times I am sure to this friendly place with a nice atmosphere, great service and very good food.
5	I love this place! I've eaten here many times and the food and service is excellent. Try the smoked pork belly salad - It is decadent! Great wine selection also.. Bravo !
5	You can find me here once a week or so... because its that good. My boyfriend and I frequent here for lunch and I always get the same thing. The Prosciutto Panino. This amazing sandwich consists of Due Forni's pizza crust for the bread, Prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, Fig reduction and mixed greens. It is seriously one of the best sandwiches you could have. and its less then 15 bucks. The Carpaccio appetizer is also amazing. its carpaccio rolled with mixed greens with fresh Parmesan and balsamic reduction. heaven in your mouth. Pair those with some Badoit water and youve got the perfect meal. The Paninos are huge so its wise to split one :)
4	Excellent food. Had the Caesar and the branzino. Both were much better than average. Also decent wine list by the glass.Moderately priced. $25 for fish. Only downside is not an expansive menu. But if you want fish, pizza, salad in a great atmosphere... Go here.
5	I love Due Forni - the mozzarella bar is one of the best dishes in town. Had an awesome waiter today who was very sweet to my 3-year-old, which is always appreciated. Great wine selection, too.
4	I have had several good meals here.  Service is friendly and I enjoy eating on the patio with a nice glass of wine.  Warning: my guest fell for the server's suggestion of a wine flight since she couldn't decide what she wanted.  While he was offering it, I was browsing the wine list looking for the price - not listed.  I sort of suspected it would be pricey based on his description  of the three reserve wines, but she was a bit alarmed when the bill came and that does not end the meal well. Otherwise, my pizza has always been delicious and I especially love the semolina gnocchi.
5	We went there for lunch today for the very first time, based upon the excellent yelp reviews.  We were not disappointed! I had the turkey meatball Panino and my wife had the beet salad.  To top it off we had the bread pudding for dessert. I'm a bit of a bread pudding aficionado, and I must say this was probably the best bread pudding I have ever eaten. The ambience was great, the service was terrific and we will definitely be back regularly to try other things on this fabulous menu. This is one of our favorite new restaurants in Summerlin.
3	Bland pasta and lasagna. Service good. Probably should have tried the pizza. Little pricey even for Summerlin.
4	Yum! Due Forni is right up the street from us and we didn't even know what we were missing this whole time. Started with the Smoked Pork Belly. It was a little odd because it seemed like the pork belly was a big piece of fat. I've had a few different pork belly appetizer dishes from various restaurants and cuisines, but none seemed that fatty. It was smokey as the name states, which I'm usually not really too keen on of smokey meats, but for this, it worked. It was served on a wooden plank with greens and blueberry. Odd combo, but I didn't hate it.We also ordered the Due Forni pizza and the Daily Lasagna. The Due Forni pizza was good, but there was some really odd flavor in it that I couldn't make out, and I wasn't crazy about it. However, the Daily Lasagna was top notch. It was a bechamel sauce with sausage inside and CHEEEESSSEE. Wow, that lasagna killed everything else and allowed that visit memorable. Good job Due Forni on that yummy lasagna. I do wonder though, if it says 'Daily Lasagna', does that mean it's different nightly? What if next time I eat there, and order the lasagna, it comes out not as delicious? Hmm.....
5	As we were waiting for a patio table, I saw a couple sitting at the bar eating something out of a bubbling skillet. I asked what it was. They told me it's the Daily Lasagna and for me to get it. So I did.It comes out like a lava of cheese and pasta that is charred around the edges in a cast iron skillet. Today's meat was pork cheeks that was rich and tender. Italian food doesn't usually make me say "Wow," but this dish did. It's a little pricy at $17 for one serving, but it seems to be the going rate these days at other Italian places as well for far less grade of lasagna. When my 4 year old broke her water glass, she felt bad. So the waiter brought out some pizza dough for my girls to play with to cheer her up. Nice touch.
4	Great pizza, nice draft beer. The server was nice, she gave us a breakdown on the differences between the different pizza styles. Thought that was a great touch. The appetizers were great. We had mozarelli cheese and roasted artechoke. Server also explained the differences between the type of cheese, which was helpful.Pizza was a great size, tasted great. Did not hold up at the ends, though, so you needed just a knife and fork to get some of it. It is on the opposite side of town from me, so it's hard to make it out, but with the pizza and food they serve, it might very well be worth the trip.
5	The best pizza and hot appetizer, polpette, the best grilled octopus anywhere and delicious tomato sauce with turkey meatballs...just perfection!
4	The Lagaria, Pinot Grigio was good and so was the pork belly lasagna. A+ for the attentive service.
5	Love this place more and more every time I come here. Would eat here everyday if I could. Just cool atmosphere amazing food and a great selection of cocktails
2	Way over rated restaurant. We had dinner here Sunday on the patio. The service started out pretty good until I asked for a sample of one of the two beers they had on tap. The $2 charge was not worth the sample. Bottle beer selection was better than most but still pretty weak. We had a beet salad that was pretty good, a caprese panino that was bland, a baked penne that was equally bland and slightly overcooked, and Margherita Neapolitan pizza that was soggy. Over priced and over rated. If you must try this place then hit it for lunch when at least the prices aren't too bad.
5	Selfishly I love the fact that much of Summerlin seems to forget about this restaurant because it's on the south side of the area. I am always blown away that we can get in and get taken care of so well anytime we want. They keep a simple menu since everything that needs cooking gets baked in the ovens, but the menu is fantastic. The semolina gnocchi is one of my favorites in town, and you can't go wrong with the pizzas. All that being said: if it's a mushroom soup day, don't pass it up! It's perfection.It has a very cool atmosphere without being cheesy. Spaghetti westerns play on the televisions and Edison bulbs dangle in just the right spots. They have a couple of amazing drinks that are made in house that can't be beat (ask for the cremecello for a shot of sunshine in a glass) and a solid wine/beer selection. We generally luck out and get one of the same three servers each time, and they give some of the best service in town.It is our go-to restaurant when we can't make a decision on the hundreds of other restaurants in the area.
2	All around, an Meh.. dinner.  (thus the 2 stars)The service was OK.  Yes, our water was refilled.  We received our food as ordered, and everything was heated to the correct temperatures.  BUT, the good was only OK.  Our table had the house made lasagna which was overly rich and lacked enough sauce to give the noodles some content.The pizzas lacked flavor.  Wanted but hesitated to put salt on it.The bread pudding was more like a deep dish chocolate chip cookie, not bread pudding.  No sauce.  Dry.  Recommend that you visit Settabella instead.  Sorry.
4	Great pizza and lasagna. Probably a bit overpriced.
5	We love this place as soon as we walked in the staff greeted us in Italian, Brittany was our server she was great the food was phenomenal, we are from so cal and this place was great place to eat authentic Italian highly recommend.
2	Loving pizza I would not say this would be my choice.  Tge restaurant had a nice feel. Nice music.  We order there house favorite.  We were not our favorites the oven is very hot that makes the bottom of the pizza get chard but the dough itself is a little chewy and it got soggy very quickly the sausage could have been cooked a little bit longer. We order the sea bass. It was ok nice crispy skin.  But under a cold salad. No thank you.
5	Always an amazing pie.  The wine selection is above and beyond and the bartender Luke will take good care of you.
5	I went for lunch and ordered the Vegetarian pizza, Neapolitan style.  When the pizza arrived I was amazed at the presentation, so I did something I never did before, I got out my smart phone and took a "foodie".  (Now I can no longer make fun of "millenials" who have to take food pictures before eating.)  As for the dining experience, it felt more like having dessert than eating pizza, it was that good.  Yum!
4	We brought out 5 and 6 year old girls there for a last minute dinner based on some recommendations of friends.  The atmosphere is nice, staff is quick and friendly and management seemed on it stopping by and frequently checking up on things.  The pizza was excellent and we love the thinner crust pizzas.  We had the wine tasting, a bit on the expensive side of $31 for a glass and a half of wine in 3 tastings, but we were in the mood to do the tastings!We will come back and try some of the other pizzas.   I recommend it for great pizza and friendly staff!
4	The pizza called the "Due Forni" is delicious and the service is wonderful. However, one star subtracted for value-very expensive. Go during happy hour which lasts until 6 or 6:30 because apps/beer/wine are $5 and more affordable. Would go here again!
4	There was a Groupon for Due Forni, and I had to jump on it. I mean, who doesn't love discounts and most importantly, pizza? My boyfriend and I ordered the the Panzanella (arugalla) salad and the Neopolitan style Maiale Bolgnese pizza. The salad had a nice crunch from the ground pistachios, and the tomatoes were sweet, fresh, and juicy. The pizza here is definitely not your standard take-out pizza. All of the pizzas here are 12 inches. The dough is light and chewy, and it tasted a slight bit like sourdough. Nevertheless, as a big fan of crust, I gobbled it right down. The pizza was slightly wet when picking it up, but it didn't seep through the crust. You definitely have to use two hands to eat it or use a fork. Overall, the experience here was pretty good with friendly customer service. Without the Groupon, I think the prices are a bit steep. If they lowered their prices a little, I think I would be more inclined to visit again.
3	This is a really cool local spot. I noticed people from my neighborhood here and a couple neighbors posting pics here, and due to it's location I can see you might only know about this if you do live local. The decor makes it look like a trendy restaurant and I love the lights, very cool. Upon entering we were warmly greeted which was appreciated, and once I sat down I was given the menu and someone brought waters.  My husband arrived and sat at the table and the second he arrived the waiter asked if we were ready to order. My husband did not even look at the menu yet. When I said we need a moment, instead what we got was no attention at all, and we had to flag down another waitress to help us because our waiter was too busy. There were 2 waiters for about 10 tables full of people and they did not seem to be able to handle it. On to the food, we ordered the beet salad (great taste but not enough arugula. Its nice to have a bite of arugula with every bite of beet, but if you do that then you have about half a plate of beets left with no arugula. The Tartufo pizza was excellent (but pricey $20.95). Our meal was big enough to share if you are not that hungry. The service was lacking here, we had to flag down the waiter for our bill, water, to ask for more arugula, and they did not come and ask how the food was once. Considering others mentioned how great the service was, maybe this was an off night.
1	Very sad experience... We prejudged and treated VERY POORLY. We were sat in the bar at first. We were told because we were all 21 it was the only spot. We did NOT want to sit in the bar and after requesting to be moved, we were relocated to the dining area. Once we received the pizza... I requested pizza sauce, (there was VERY LITTLE/No sauce on the pizza) I was told it was an additional $2.00. It was a. $18.00 pizza... I explained that there was no sauce on it.. I was told it was the "type of pizza" I ordered.. I had no idea the Roman pizza had no/little sauce. Then the manager then had the audacity to explain to me the type of sauce means "little sauce." We will never be back. And that is why.... They offer a Groupon... I'd rather pay another $20 for downtown Summerlin service..
5	Due Forni. Been here a few times with no disappointment.Chef Carlos is a culinary nerd and knows what tastes good and what his guests will like. I have a few offerings this evening and all were very tasty.Braised pork belly- smoked belly with buttermilk polenta and pickled radishes.. Hearty and rich you'll need some vino from their generous menu to wash this baby down with.Octopus- tender and juicy with nice citrus notes. Piccante Pizza- hmm im a native New Yorker so its very hard to judge a pizza that is not NY. This pizza does a hungry appetite justice and will want you coming back to try the others!
5	Came out again for the Christmas / holiday weekend. Been here a few times and of course never lets us down. This time around they had a potato soup app special and a crab cake app special which we both got. Fantastic, great, great food! Pizzas are always on point!
2	I actually love the food here and they have an amazing wine list, but tonight the most ridiculous thing happened. They tried to sell me on a wine flight of 3 3 oz wine for $38. Too expensive so I decided to try a brunello  wine that was $19 a glass- wow! You don't see that often. They also have a glass for $49/ glass- yes a glass of wine! Anyway- I asked for a taste - the waiter told me I had to pay 10% of the price to taste it- so I clarified twice $1.9 to try it?  Well I tried it. It was okay but it had been opened 2 days ago- I don't drink 2 day old wine anywhere especially at $19/ glass. When the bill came they tried to charge me $3.99 for the taste and said the taste is 20% of the cost of the glass. Just ridiculous prices and protocols for a restaurant. Be careful this restaurant is a penny pincher to the customer. Don't charge to taste a 2 day old wine!
5	Great Italian food in Summerlin! We came here after reading the all the reviews from yelpers!! We have Due Forni pizza, beet salad, lasagna and penne Bolognese! My kids love their pizza! The service is excellent & beet salad was super delicious! The last the chocolate pizza was a hit! A must if you have kid love chocolate!!
5	Just got back. Important meeting with an important person. I searched what was open till 11pm.  Italian food was what I had in mind.  A luck of the draw and found a diamond 3 minutes away from my house. High degree of quality, affordable, and convenient!
5	This our date night spot! We eat here at least 3 times per month and we get great service from Luke at the bar. We pretty much love everything on the menu and the specials. So happy to have Due Forni in our neighborhood!
4	Lovely place.  Really enjoyed the octopus salad.  Yummy
