5	These guys are a mobile service that refurbishes and repairs alloy wheels.  I just recently found them on the web and since their prices were way below the other mobile repair providers, I gave them a try.  Mike, the manager, was very responsive.  And Robert the tech, who came out to my home to do the work, did an outstanding job.  8-year-old curb-rashed alloy wheels on a BMW came out looking brand new (really!) for a fraction of the price of getting new ones and for way less than other wheel repair providers.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	Great service.  Had just bought a new car and dinged up a rim within the first week.  Called the dealership to see how much a new rim would be and was floored at the cost.  Started researching for wheel repair and found Fresh Wheels.  Sent them a picture over email and got a quote back next day.  From there, setup an appointment and Sinh came out to my house and within an hour had the wheel looking as good as new at a fraction of the cost of a new rim.  Excellent service at a great cost. Definitely recommend.   Saving their number, but hoping I don't have to call again.
5	Like most of you I found Fresh Wheels through the internet.  I got a phone estimate of $75.00/wheel from Mike. Estimates from other companies range from $100.00 - $175.00 per wheel. The reviews were good. I gave them a shot. I have a 2013 Ford Fusion with the performance package. 18inch five spoke wheels. These were beautiful until I and my wife scratched up the right front and rear wheels. Apparently I can hit an apex on a racetrack at 60 mph, but I can't drive through a parking lot. Robby came out the same day for the repair. He did everything in my garage. He matched the color perfectly. The right front had the most damage. My wife really did a job on it the night before. She was considerate enough to hit the same spot that I hit previously. The rear had slight damage. When I saw what a great job Robby did in the front, I had him do the rear. He gave me a discounted price because the rear was much easier and he was already set up. Perfect. My beautiful Ruby Red Fusion looks like new again. I was so impressed that I called Mike today to tell him what a great job they did. I also gave him some ideas on how to expand their business through car clubs. These guys are a class act. You won't be disappointed.
5	Don't look any where else!! These guys are great!  I found them on Yelp and glad I tried them first. Just had them out  to fix 2 curb damaged wheels on my Saturn Sky. They did an amazing job! Can't even find the spots they fixed. Fast too, only took 30-45 minutes. Very affordable, considering the price of new wheels. I would recommend Fresh Wheels and I would use them again.
5	Thanks to Fresh Wheels for getting me out of hot water with my husband after I curb checked his car. His car is good as new after being serviced! These guys are super friendly and went above and beyond. Their prices are extremely reasonable and best of all they are mobil. I highly recommend giving them a call for any wheel repair needs!
5	After an extensive search of mobile rim repair specialists I finally settled on Fresh Wheels and I couldn't be happier. I emailed back and forth with Mike for a week before we mutually decided on a day that would work best for me. Ryan came out at 9am yesterday as promised. He was punctual, professional, and did a incredible job repairing the rim on my X6M.  I highly recommend giving them a call for any wheel repair.
5	I scratched up the first rim (aluminum alloy) on my Mercedes when I turned out of an ATM (please tell me why those curbs have to be so big) after having my car for like a week. My husband then dinged up two of the other rims at a DQ drive through and by nailing a curb in a parking spot.  While it kills me to have to pay for something like this, it drove me crazy to have a new car with junked up looking rims.  After some research, we made an appointment.  Tech came out, was pleasant, and-within an hour-my rims looked as good as new. I highly recommend this company. I hope I don't have to use them again but will if I need to...
5	Couldn't be more impressed!  Same day service, rims look like new and all at a VERY affordable cost!  Will definitely use them again and refer them to anyone that asks!Thanks for all your help
