3	The Aloha Kitchen we went to was on South Decatur Boulevard. They have another location on South Maryland Parkway that caters to the locals and UNLV students alike and I hear they have another one on Lamb Boulevard. Rumor also has it that these three locations are somehow affiliated with the Aloha Specialties store that we all know and love, located in the Cal in downtown, but that has been unconfirmed. Decorated with an almost over-the-top, stereotypical Hawaiiana theme (grass roofing, bamboo poles, brightly painted seating), the restaurant at least gave a certain sense of warmth and Hawaii feel.But nevah mine all of that. Let's get to the food! I wasn't all too hungry myself, since I had landed not more than a few hours prior, so I ended up just going for the burger and fries combo. I wasn't expecting much because I'm not much of a burger eater to begin with. Well, to my surprise, the cooks at Aloha Kitchen did good with this one. Really good. In fact, I would even go out on the limb and say that this was one of the best burgers I've ever had in my life. And believe me, I'm getting up there... this life is not a short one anymore.  There was just something about this burger that made it ohhhh so tasty. The saltiness, the butteriness, the sesame-seed bunliness... YUM! If you go to Aloha Kitchen, you just gotta try this one.Read my complete column (with photos) here:http://www.world-wide-ed.com/2006/04/01/vegas-kine-grindz/
4	Very good, so good you might just forget your stuck in Vegas and not the islands that this restaurant reminds you of. I always get the Teriyaki combo which has pork, chicken, and beef, and of course a big scoop of macaroni salad and two scoops of rice. A friend of mine which introduced me to the restaurant is from Honolulu and just loves the food also. When I first moved to Vegas me and a friend were looking for some karaoke and just stumbled on the bar portion. Which they are connected but if you weren't hungry you would not step into the restaurant side.Anyway the atmosphere of just laid back fun is great, the karaoke is great fun and free, with a one drink minimum of course.
2	Continuing on the search to find a fabulous serving of pork lau lau, I was brought to Aloha Kitchen on S. Decatur Blvd.  Pulling into the lot, I recall seeing this place on yelp and was anxious to get my turn at it.  It's pretty crowded for a late Friday night and people are starting to pile in.We join the line and perused the menu above.  The BF convinces me to go for the Hawaiian Plate at $8.99.  It's Kalua Pig and Pork Lau Lau, so this way he gets to try some of the kalua pig too!  This comes with two scoops of rice and one scoop of mac salad.  The BF ops for the Kalbi Combo at $7.99.  This give us Kalbi, Katsu, and Chicken Teriyaki.  It also comes with the standard two scoops of white rice and one scoop of mac salad.  I should mention, I've been to my share of Hawaiian joints, but my sister takes the cake.  She definitely makes it a point to try out any new ones that she comes across.  She also always substitutes the two scoops of rice and one scoop of mac salad for an additional scoop of mac and one less rice.  This is usually never a problem, and if anything, they might charge a bit more for the mac salad.  Well, I asked if I could do this.  The cashier had to ask another woman, and she in turn had to ask another guy (the manager/owner) I assume.  He flat out said no.  Wow.  They tried explaining something about not charging me for the rice, so they can't do that.  Anyway, I think I was just put off with the whole "No." answer.  They could have said yes and said they would charge me for the substitution, which I probably would have agreed to anyway.  We got our number, helped ourselves to beverages and condiments and took a seat in a booth.  One of the servers soon headed our way with my order.  Just as she was about to place it on the table, all this liquid came spilling out onto the floor and table from the plate.  (Wtf?)  She apologized and went to retrieve a towel to clean up the mess.  I was fine with the spill and clean up, my concern was with where all the liquid came from?!  I guess my Pork Lau Lau must have come out a bath, because that was dripping wet.  I ended up  pouring all this additional liquid off my plate into another plate before my rice and mac salad got too soggy from all this 'juice' sitting on my dish.  I unraveled my lau lau in search of my pork and took my first bite.  For being soggy, the meat was rather tough and the whole dish had no taste.  I ended up pouring tons of shoyu all over the dish.  There was no fatty bits either to give it any flavor.  Very disappointing on the pork lau lau part.  The kalua pig faired a bit better, but not by much.  It started out well, but as I got deeper into it, there was a lot of tough pieces that I ended up spitting out.  Overall, my dish was pretty disappointing.  I wouldn't go back here for any pork lau lau at all.I was about halfway through my order before the BF's order finally arrived.  (This is never a good thing.)  His was better, in his opinion.  He had a decent experience with his order at least.  The Chicken Teriyaki had a sweeter sauce than what I'm used to, but that's probably why this dish does well here. The mac salad was better than some of the other places I've been to, so that was a good thing.  There's the Aloha Bar next door and there's karaoke on Friday nights.  You'll see the servers bringing orders in next door if you're dining in.  They do offer delivery, it's a $10 minimum and if you get their flyer, you'll find a 15% coupon on there. I asked if they had any business cards, which they were out of.  When the cashier asked the manager/owner if he had any, he asked "Why?"  (Uh, 'cuz I'm going to yelp this place, that's why!)When it comes down to it, Aloha Kitchen will continue to do well.  They are open later than some of the other Hawaiian establishments around town (5 am on Fridays and Saturdays I believe!) and they have a surplus of young customers coming in to chow down.  They have two other locations, one on E. Charleston and the other on S. Maryland Parkway.  I just know that if I return, I won't be getting any pork lau lau, that's for sure.
3	Yea after eating here and all this excitement from delivery...Wahhh we don't deliver to Trop and Decatur. WELL DAMN YOU WOMAN..... So everyone else pretty much said what's on the menu. It's Hawaiian food from your Spam Musubi to your Kahlua pork...But one thing stops my heart. Calling all Filipinos.... ADOBO FRIED RICE OMELETTE...WTF!!!!????Ohhh yea Garlicky pork and chicken adobo goodness. fried in rice and stuffed in a huge omelette egg. Oh yea baby....Slather me up in butter and smear mayonnaise on my left toe. Just makes the sun shinier - the grass greener....and somalian kids having a whopper jr. Yea that's what greatness is. Did I mention I hate eating common shit? Ok sure it's a lil salty. But expect it from the soy sauce and vineger of the Adobo....you know what balances it... White rice....Mmmm White Rice....
4	It's a beautiful day, the weather finally cooled down with a slight breeze in the air..the clouds rolled in giving that just right temperature..and I couldn't think of a better place to go eat! Aloha Kitchen ~ this place was perfect! I had the Loco Moco Plate with an extra egg...done "Over Easy! " It's a must! oh and a lil soy sauce~to give it that extra mmm! The hamburger patty over rice with gravy and the eggs on top! MMMMMmmm! It was fulfilling! It  topped off the day..with the weather outside~how comforting! ...just went hand in hand! Like having hot coco on a cold winter day.....
4	I was in Vegas last month and I was introduced to Aloha Kitchen.  By the time I left to go back to San Diego, I had eaten there twice and both times i ordered their adobo omelette.  I can honestly say that was the best omelette I've ever had.
3	Definitely divey but whatever.  Its cheap, fast, good and open late.  No place for me to get gyu-don after 4am so this place works just fine.
5	i haven't had this in a long time!!! i went to aloha kitchen, yes two different locations all in the same day. anyways, i went to aloha kitchen and asked for 3 manapuas. they didn't have any that had been steamed already. so, they steamed 'em up for me right then and there. i was impressed. yes, i waited like 15-20 minutes. But, whatever!! they were the absolute freshest that i'd e ver had.
5	Whenever my friends and I visit Vegas, we have to come to Aloha Kitchen. The adobo omelette is sooo good and so large it's ridiculous. How I wish there was an Aloha Kitchen in San Diego so I could eat an adobo omelette everyday.
3	i usually come here when it's a trip to vegas with the friends. and we always seem to take up the corner spot with the booth seats cuz there's so many of us.reason for just 3 stars: their lau lau (chicken, fish and/or pork wrapped in taro leaves and then banana leaves and steamed, you don't eat the banana leaves) is not the best it can be. i've tried that dish two or three times, and have to say that it's alright. not the best. my first time having it here, i was a little dissappointed, but decided to try it again b.c i just love the dish so much (when it's done right), i thought it deserved a second chance. the second time around, same thing. the meat inside was just a block of fat and a bit of meat. i need me some variety, fish, chicken and/or pork meat.lesson learned, stick to what you know is good: the adobo omelette!!! rice, chicken adobo all wrapped up in an egg that cooked almost like a crepe. add some sriracha on top, and you're set. and it's huge, so you can share with another person or not, depending on your appetite. last time there, three of us shared an adobo omellete and the kalbi ribs plate, perfect amount! and their mac salad is pretty good too.reading others' reviews, it sounds like their manapua (pork bun) is good, so i'll have to try that the next time my friends and i are there.
5	I make my pilgrimage to AK whenever I'm in Sin City and when I can't, I still think about it. I love the down home feeling I get when I'm there. Most of the stuff on the menu I can probably make at home  (and I can save myself the future medical bills) but oh heck, why not indulge in some thick, cholesterol laden gravy?! My BMF, Malino has been a Las Vegas local for the past 6 years and I'm sure he's had enough of AK but as long as he knows that a trip to AK will make me smile and his BMF position stays in tact, he will gladly take me there.
4	haven't seen a Hawaiian BBQ place that has adobo on their menu too! I wasn't too hungry but had a craving for shanghai lumpia $2.99 which hit the spot and ordered spam musubi $1.99 don't really know anywhere else to get lumpia without being invited to some family party, this will do until then, **4 stars for now because is there anyway you can possibly mess up shanghai lumpia or spam musubi? May change once I try the adobo fried rice omelette**update: ordered the adobo fried rice omelette, didn't know what to expect, but imagine a thin omelette burrito stuffed with a fried rice/ adobo mixture.  The portion was huge but a little on the dry side, I had to add soy sauce/siracha to juice it up.  Otherwise, okay, not what I expected, it's basically fried rice and adobo with scrambled eggs.
5	Best local Hawaiian spot in Vegas, even better then the California..... this place though has a lot of filipno infused dishes so if you are not into that sort of thing and prefer more japanese / hawaiian then the Cal is for you.Best thing about Aloha Kitchen is it is open super late and has a bar/lounge next door with alcohol. Food is good and the prices are better and the portions are generous. Adobo/Katsu combo is my favortie with portuguese sausage masubi. The Hawaiian Iced Tea is made super sweet though and the sun juices are a little pricier then the ABC store; but thats about the only gripes i have with the place.As mentioned, the bar next door usually plays local top 40 and sometimes island jams and reggae, the drinks are mixed well and priced just right. They even got slots and video poker! if your looking for a grub spot away from the strip, i would definitely go here, you will not regret it!
2	Since Vegas has a huge Hawaiian population, there are a lot of Hawaiian restaurants out here.  I've eaten a lot of Hawaiian food out here..but I didnt really like the food too much @ this particular restaurant. I didnt go to this location, I went to the one off of Maryland Pkway, near UNLV.
3	I'm a fan of their adobo fried rice omelet.  Pretty damn good.  But i was drunk so I can only give it so many stars.  For sure coming back to it when I go back to Vegas.
4	Who would've thought they would have an Adobo Fried Rice Omelette?!Well I didn't order it, but my friend did, and it was sooooo good!!!  I ordered the Adobo plate. and that was yummy too (but mines is better HAHA).  The prices are pretty decent here, and you don't wait for you food too long either. I'm going back here again the next time I go to Vegas!
3	So "Aloha" means both hello and goodbye -- now how can I work that into my review?Here goes:To begin with it, I've never seen a combination bar and Hawaiian fast food place.Aloha (Hello) Kitchen reminds me of a typical Hawaiian fast food place: well lit with a lot of cheesy decor.Besides having the basic plates, they also carried some unique stuff. I tried the Adobo Fried Rice and the wife tried the Saimin soup.  The food wasn't really anything to yelp about, but since it is a chain kinda place, you shouldn't expectation too much.I'd be willing to go back just because they serve poke (one of the items I don't find at a fast food place) on Friday and Saturday.So until then, Aloha (Goodbye) Kitchen.Aloha (Hello) Bar is right next door to the Kitchen but is a 180 from the Kitchen: dark with a dive feel to it.  But it still gave off the laid back Island life vibe.Bartender was cool and even spoke to me in dakine.  Thanks.She stopped though when my face went blank and didn't respond.  Sorry.The music had the kinda beats I could groove to for a couple hours, and the crowd was chill.After a some drinks and a couple games of pool, I was saying Aloha (Goodbye) Bar.  Good thing since they just fired up the karaoke machine.Overall, I'll be saying Aloha (Hello) sooner to the Bar than the Kitchen.A special aloha to all the Vegas Yelpers from Hawaii.There are a bunch.
3	Pretty good with the usual "local" food from the islands, but usually only during the day. Probably one of the better ones here in Las Vegas, during this time period. However, I went there a few times late evenings, and it seems like the quality suffers bit.
3	Howzit Boo? That's how i said hello to them, but they thought i was crazy. I guess they don't know their pidgeon skills. I would think working at this place they would know how to speak a bit of pidgeon. The food definitely broke da maut, but maybe because i was drunk at 4 in the morning. Ordered the Portuguese Sausage with egg over rice. Added tons of ketchup on there and had a great drunken meal! Got my Hawaiian Sun Lilikoi drink.. felt like i was at rainbow drive in all over again... NOT! hhaha far from it, but it's close enough since were about 2000 miles away! Mahalo Brah! Aloha
5	4 words.  Adobo.  Fried.  Rice.  Omelet.  A legendary dish.  For those who don't know adobo, it's a Filipino dish that's main ingredients are soy sauce, vinegar, and onions, complimented by chicken or pork.  Not spicy, but really flavorful.  They have other Hawaiian dishes like loco moco, mac salad, kalbi, etc., too.  Bring your appetite.  This thing is about the size of a Chipotle burrito.  It is soooo delicious a friend came along after breakfast at the Bellagio buffet and still managed to finish it.
1	?
5	Whether we were looking for a place to eat after school, or coming from a night of underage hooligans, Aloha always welcomed us with open leis. The adobo fried rice omelet with chicken is fantastic, but my personal favorite is the five dollar student special for the chicken teriyaki bowl (AND drink). You brought me in with the price, you kept me with the taste. I love a good chicken teriyaki bowl and Aloha has it. Everything is always hot and the chicken has a good flavor, and I personally think the hot sauce on the table adds just the right amount of flavor for anyone. Don't worry Aloha, I will be back.
4	whenever we go to vegas, we always meet up here with our vegas friends. it's not the best hawaiian food EVER or is as well known as the hawaiian joint at the CAL, but it always fulfills the hankering my bf always has for their adobo fried rice. i usually just get the combo that comes with the chicken teri/beef teri, mac salad and spam musubi. they give you plenty of food and it's not that expensive.yum!
4	I came here with my friend after trying to figure out what to eat after a good night out on new years eve.  Plus I haven't eaten hawaiian food in a real long time so I figure why not since friend already ate here before and loved it.  I like the decor.  It reminds me of Teri Cafe in San Diego.  There is plenty of parking since it's in a shopping center, which is a plus in my book.  I was surprised to see some filipino dishes on the menu but too bad we didn't get any.  This time we ordered the breakfast plate - 1 spam because I love spam and gotta have my spam and the other one was Portuguese sausage.  I'm not too big on the portuguese sausage so I thought it was alright.  But the spam plate was yummy.  It also reminded me of the mickey d's food in hawaii so that brought back some memories.  Prices are pretty decent too since coming from LA, they're a little bit cheaper than what we serve.  I would definitely go back if I'm in the area next time and craving some hawaiian food.
4	When in Vegas gotta stop by this spot for adobo fried rice, open really late.
4	This grubbin joint never fails to fill that hunger craving. The best Kalbi Ribs in town and the Kalua Pig is pretty on point too. The best place to get a mid night snack, the service is always pleasant, and i always go back for more.
4	Whenever I'm feeling for some of the local food. Aloha kitchen is the place to be. Food is great, prices are decent. Adobo fried rice of is one my favorites and I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one.
3	adobo fried rice omelette
4	Adobo Fried Rice Omelette is awesommmmmeee
4	Been here once in 2007. I got the adobo omelette. Loved it!
3	I was not trying to eat here, but ended up at this place by accident.  Since Google is not a great indicator when places go belly up and my original destination was the now defunct Red Robins in the same parking area this was a " what the hell, I'm hungry" kind of place.  Loved it!!!  They had a little bit of everything.  I went for the teriyaki plate and some lumpia.  I could have done without the skin on the chicken but loved the lumpia.  It was so mild, and I didn't get a bit of heartburn.  If they had an Aloha Kitchen anywhere near where I lived I would have a new favorite.
5	Kalua pork, lumpia, spam musubi, tapsilog, katsu, saimin soup, loco moco,  chicken adobo fried rice omelette--available late at night after the club!!! Yup, I did say "chicken adobo fried rice omelette"! Need I say more? This place is the spot to satisfy your Hawaiian lunch plate w/ Filipino and Japanese flare craving at any time of the day! They have three convenient location in Las Vegas. Onoliciously masarap!!!
1	If you know me, I'm a huge fan of cheap eats and local dives. I'm also all about tasting and sniffing out foods that I can't get ahold of back home. Home being here in Cali. So when my friends suggested to my girlfriend and our "Vegas Travel Crew" to stop by Aloha Kitchen and try the Adobo Omelet, we decided to come down and see what the buzz was all about. Sadly, I and my fellow associates were quite displeased with what we sank our teeth into. I don't know if it was the idea of an Adobo Omelet that excited us or the hype that our friends were making but all of us were really eager to try it but we ended up very disappointed with it. There was nothing really special about it. It was just rice inside an omelet. In fact, the rice itself was bland and dry. There was nothing about that dish that resembled Adobo other than the brown color of the rice, which I repeat, was bland and dry. To put it bluntly, that Omelet sucked balls. It was kind of hard to face our friends and give them a fake smile and say, "Oh that shit was bomb! We're definitely going back to have another one when we come back again." In all honesty, we would have been better off just ordering the Chicken Katsu or Loco Moco. But that would kind of defeat the purpose of going there in the first place because if I wanted L&L, I would have just gone there before we came to Vegas or waited until I got back. I can at least say I tried it so that has to count for something.I'll give Aloha Kitchen a little mercy and say at least the hours are great and perfect for after clubbing dining. Unlike the people who I thought were my friends, I will look out for those of you who are planning on visiting Aloha Kitchen and recommend having anything other than the Adobo Omelet... unless you're high. In that case, please share and then order the Adobo Omelet because that's the only way you would get me to ever eat that thing again.
4	Pros:Introduced me to the wonders of Spam Musubi.It's just generally a good place to eat. Not much more to say.Cons:.........there's not much more to say. :/Still love it though. My favorite Hawaiian restaurant in all of Vegas.
3	If you are looking to sing karaoke, have a few drinks, eat some loco moco afterwards...you've come to the right place! The DJ was awesome and the service was great! I have to say my favorite dish here is the loco moco and the spam musubi, you can't go wrong with that. Wednesday night is ladies night and ladies get 1 free drink per hour!
3	never had hawaiin food before, wasn't sure what to expect. It was good! atmosphere was lousy.transfriendly - i guess it was way to busy for anyone to even notice
4	Huge portions, inexpensive, yummy.  I had manapua and fried saimin.  Manapua (sweet pork in a puffy thing) was good but a little sweet for me.  The fried saimin (noodles with pork and green onion and stuff) was so delicious I tried super hard to finish it but just couldn't.  My companions had some good stuff too -- pork adobo was good and portioned as if the whole pig was used; chicken katsu was light and tasty.  It was just a short cab ride from the strip (it's near the northern end of the strip, off sahara blvd).
3	3 1/2 stars for sure.  Me, I'm local boy living in Vegas since my UNLV days.  And I always crave for food from back home.  If it comes with 2 scoops calrose rice (not this Uncle Ben stuff), and 1 scoop mac salad I give it a go!  I haven't been here in a while so I'm gonna leave the prices out on this one.  Sorry Hawaiians!Food at Aloha Kitchen is pretty good, think of it as Hawaiian fast food if you will.  Not the healthiest of menus, but in a crave this place definitely fills a need.  I hope you aren't cutting carbs on this day!  The menu is a mix of Hawaiian, Filipino, Chinese, Japanese, Korean all rolled into one.  Just like the people of Hawaii!  Chop Suey kine!  Popular are the Chicken Katsu and the Kalua Pig plates, big buggah servings with lots of rice and mac salad!  I like the Teriyaki combo with teriyaki chicken, pork, and beef, and I like the Kalbi combo too with Kalbi ribs, chicken katsu, and teriyaki chicken.  So ono!  The menu is pretty big, there's apps like manapua, egg rolls, shumai, chicken wings, and poke.  Of course there's saimin, and wonton soup, as well as cheeseburgers, teriyaki burgers, and a mahi mahi sandwich as well.  And we can't forget the locals' fav...Spam Musubi!  There's is very good, I usually order 2-one for me and one to share (sharing optional).  There's lots of daily favorites like their teriyaki bowls, fried saimin, Loco Moco (yum), curry, Lau Lau (more yum), tempura, beef stew, and garlic chicken w/gravy just to name a few!My biggest vice here though?  The Adobo Fried Rice Omelette.  This thing rocks!  I get it everytime I go!  Pork adobo fried with rice and lots of garlic, and put into an omelette.  I would have this thing for breakfast if I didn't for lunch!  I love mine with ketchup and shoyu on top...with a Spam Musubi (or 2)...and a side of kim chee.  Brok' da mouth!  Comfort food for me at it's finest.Now don't go here expecting gourmet anything, your food will not be served on fine China or be expertly presented.  What you got here is some good no frills eats!  When you hungry this place will do on a budget.  Oh and don't forget the Aloha Bar right next door!  Karaoke contests and cheap drinks galore just about every week.  Although the last time I ate Aloha Kitchen sounded like cats were screaming Aerosmith's 'I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing' next door.  Meow!
4	The heat while driving on westside of Vegas got me thirsty and starving for something similar to "home". Upon seeing the large sign from Sahara's roadway I decided to have an "Aloha" lunch.I walked up to the order station. A menu with price listing was on a board above the order & cashier station. I ordered "Saimin Soup" , "Combination Bowl with Vegetables" and "Coconut Juice". I paid and was given a number tile with the number "15", to be called out for me to pick up my food order when it is ready. I chose to sit on a table under a "tiki" canopy overlooking the restaurant's wall of windows which brings in the day's sun. Nice, feeling like in the South Seas with colorful painting on its wall to add to the feeling.Food was served on my table. My number was not called out. Great service!! Hot, steamy, yummy "Saimin Soup" was just right for my taste. I ordered it because I like soup and it had noodles. As it is my birthday, the long noodles stands for "long life". Mmmm, goood. The "Combination Bowl with Vegetables" was not ordinary with a special brown sauce over steamy white rice in a bowl. My Mom liked that, it was tasty. Our thirst was quenched by Coconut Juice on ice. Healthy and goood drink! The atmosphere is ambient in this Hawaiian & Filipino Restaurant serving both Hawaiian & Filipino favorites such as Pork Adobo, Kalua Pig & Cabbage served with macaroni salad & rice, Loco Moco, Chicken Curry, Hula/Hawaiian Plate, Tapsilog, Bento Box (of beef, teriyaki chicken, spam with pickled plum & furikake fish flakes), Kalbi Ribs, Mahi-Mahi dish, Lumpia Shanghai (my favorite) to name a few. Appetizers, Soups, Salads, Side Orders, Combination Plates, Specials, Sandwiches, Beverages, Breakfast & a Kids Meals are on the menu. One thing missing on the menu is Dessert. That's just fine with me as I was full from the meal. There is a Karaoke Bar in the Restaurant that opens in the evening through early morning. Enjoyed it, a good reasonably price meal for the day!
5	The flavor alone makes this place worthy of five stars. I've tried different dishes and each time I've been amazed at how tasty the food is. I had the Kalua pig and Katsu combo. Katsu was soooo good (first time eating it there). Kalua pig was good as usual. Spam musubi never disappoints.First time ordering kimchi too. The difference in taste/texture complemented the food in such a weird way but it was yummy. Definitely adding kimchi to my order again.  First time ordering the miso soup too. I was a little hesitant with it cuz some places just use the powder and you can taste the blandness, but the flavor in this one was soooooo good. If I hantavirus ordered so much I would have downed the whole thing in a heartbeat!The fact that they're open almost 24hrs makes it more than just a reliable after-club hotspot, but more a requirement when going to Las Vegas.
3	Came for an event and was impressed by some dishes but ultimately let down by the one thing I actually ordered. Because I'm lazy I'm gonna make it quick. Get the fried saimin. It's really good. I'd go for some right now if i was near there. Don't get the lau lau. It sucks. Sort of dry and bland.
4	You might ask why four stars.. well cus I could say I've had better, as in taste. But AK will always be in my heart. Mostly cus Me and my friends come here A LOT! And this was the first islander spot I got to try when I first moved to Vegas.. Oh the memories. If you always wanted to try something else besides the typical chicken katsu. I suggest trying the Lau-Lau plate. I'd say the prices are pretty reasonable for a quick fix of islander food. The parking is plenty. And it's huge for having a family side and a party side. I'm talking about their restaurant and their karaoke bar. So, it's an all-around good chill spot for whatever you wanna do.
4	After a quick workout at my old school LVAC on West Sahara, I decided to cross the road and hit up an old school Hawaiian food place - Aloha Kitchen.When I walked in, I was happy to discover that Oxtail Soup is a winter special. It was a no-brainer and I certainly enjoyed it. The oxtail was a little tough and fatty, but the broth had good flavor. Then again, I'm not that picky. Overall, I think the Oxtail Soup at Market Street and even Island Flavor is better, but this one satisfied just fine.Glad to see Aloha Kitchen is still worth visiting.
4	If you are going to Aloha kitchen, head to this location! Food and ambiance is 50x better than any other Aloha location. You Westsiders have it lucky. Loco moco=winkatsu=winkalua pig=winadobo omlette=sometimes winThere's also a bar with karaoke!
4	Late night munchies after you hit the clubs? This is the place to be! Along with the good food, there is also an annex type kareoke bar you can enjoy after the food! Please do not come in intoxicated and annoying though, because you will get kicked out!! No soliciting please!
5	As everyone else has raved, the adobo fried rice is amazing. Who knew taking left over adobo, shredding it up and combining it with fried rice would be so wonderful? Did I mention they take all that and wrap it in a giant omelet? I'm a pretty big guy, who am I kidding I'm fat, but approach the menu with caution. This is where your eyes crave more than your stomach actually has capacity for. Though when is that not the case anyways?! The spam musubi is decent and I've only had a few other things from the menu that looks as big as a Baskin Robbins 31 flavors listing. I've not dared to venture further from what I know here, not because I'm scared but because I only eat here once or twice a month. For those few times a month, I'm already craving the adobo fried rice omelet. Caution: the omelet is pretty overwhelming 3/4 of the way through. If you've never had it or seen it before, do not be fooled by the name of it if you were to assume it be the size of a standard size omelet. It's the size of a newborn wrapped in an egg. Hopefully you enjoy it as much as I have!
1	Ordered the oxtail soup.  Took a long time to get our order.  Oxtail was mostly fat.  Maybe I need to order something else next time.
4	Pretty decent Hawaiian eats, not too expensive and large portions. No problem parking. (It's in a strip mall at the southwest corner of Sahara and Decatur - had I known about it sooner when my younger brother used to live in the apartment complex next door I woulda hopped the fence in a minute!)
4	How I wish there was one in NY! Damn their food is good =) has a warm home feeling, adobo omelet is the business while my girl friend will tell you to get the pulled pork! You can't lose!!! =)
4	It is tradition that my friends and I visit Aloha Kitchen every trip to Vegas. I usually get their Moco Loco, Chicken Adobo Fried rice and Their Spam Masubi. We usually eat here late at night.
5	Aloha LV Yelpers :DAfter a long week of dancing in Vegas... all I wanted is HAWAIIAN food! mmm... gotta love comfort food. Came here yesterday... my 2 favorite local spots are closed on Sundays... and I wanted to take my friend who was visiting from San Diego to a cool Hawaiian spot... and Aloha Kitchen seems to be one of the few Hawaiian spots open on Sundays! (I'll give them a star just for being open on Sundays!)I was kind of iffy on trying Aloha Kitchen due to the reviews... But one of my friends from Hawaii Richmond works the bar here and he mentioned that was food was great so I figure why not try it out for myself :))I ordered the Hawaiian plate, with all rice (I substituted mac salad with rice), kalua pig and laulau. It was yummy! I had to get a can of Hawaiian sun :) My friend ordered the spam and eggs.I wasn't disappointed with my Hawaiian plate. If I closed my eyes, I could picture myself eating Hawaiian food at my grandma's house on the Big Island.Okay prices... Order came out pretty fast. Meal for 2... $20. Casual indoor seating.If I'm craving Hawaiian food on Sundays... Aloha Kitchen will be my go to hot spot.Mahalo Aloha Kitchen for my 15 minute vacation back home to Hawaii...! Now to work off the 1 pound I gained.I'll be back, when I get my cravings :DIf you're in the area... stop by Aloha Kitchen! and if you're at the bar... and Richmond is working... tell him I sent you!Aloha!-Miss Yelp 2011
4	Their plate portions are very, very generous. I'm surprised at how much you get for a side item you would think is small. Their miso soup tastes just like a good miso you would find at a good sushi bar, and their stir fry items are filling.The two best things about this location is the karaoke and the bar (I know, right?!) Their beers aren't expensive but not *too* cheap, reasonable enough to have a good time while you're sitting back watching people sing and dance to karaoke. The karaoke is a blast! Went with a group of my co-workers, one of the most festive nights we've had, and the regulars that are there are very sociable and willing to sing/dance along too! This location isn't mobbed so service and waiting for karaoke is fast. One of my favorite local locations where I want to go for a casual and fun night out without getting dressed up, or going to an actual bar.
4	This place doesn't disappoint. There may be better places in town, but they still have a lock on some great plates. The service is quick and they have all my favorites on the menu and they're done pretty darn well. I enjoy the ambiance quite a bit more than Ross J's. Just a little more homey and well-decorated. The food isn't up to their level, but it's much closer to me, so easier to get to.On this occasion I had the kalbi, because rarely have I met a plate of kalbi that I didn't enjoy. The bbq chicken was pretty good as well. I enjoy everything here and that makes it a great go to reastaurant when I'm in the area. I always come back for more.
4	Love this place... So many great choices to choose from.  I love both their tapsilog and their adobo omelets.  (Watch out for the bay leaves, though, if you order the adobo omelet.)  This place is open late and is a great place to stop by after the clubs.
5	Amazing Pork Adobo!..Loved the live music :)
5	Aloha Kitchen on Decatur is a godsend if you are visiting Vegas and craving some good, cheap Hawaiian or Filipino food and can make the 5-10 minute drive off the strip (this is also a good time to make a snack/water/drink/booze run at a local grocery).This review is all about one item which has become legendary amongst my circle of friends.  The Adobo Fried Rice Omelet.  It's a pretty simple concept: shredded chicken adobo and fried rice (that looks as if it was fired in the adobo sauce itself) are wrapped in a thin layer of scrambled egg.  The result is a burrito-sized omelet of adobo goodness!  The fried rice is always nice and moist and the chicken is just the same.  The flavors of the adobo sauce are immediately evident, the savory soy sauce, tangy vinegar and the garlic are present in every bite, with the egg adding an additional texture to contrast the rice and chicken.  Oh, and this thing is BIG.  I don't think I've ever eaten a whole omelet in one sitting.  I usually save half for later or share with a friend.  I imagine I could defeat the beast if I focused on it, but I'm usually too hungover or too concerned about the buffet that is to follow later in the day to ever attempt the feat.If you like adobo, you need to try the adobo fried rice omelet!For those unfamiliar with Filipino-style adobo:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adobo#Filipino_adoboI've also sampled the lumpia (think Filipino-style eggrolls) and the turon (dessert lumpia with banana and jackfruit) and liked them both, but our motto in Vegas has become "eyes on the prize!"  All we get now is the omelet.
3	I just need something heavy and comforting to sop up some drinks I had and some adobo omelette sounded good.The BF and I shared:Adobo Omelette- pretty good and quite large and filling. It hit the spot I was looking for.Local Plate: chicken and beef teriyaki, 2 spam musubis- the meats and all are fine, mac salad is fine, but I don't like the thick teriyaki they use. Unfortunately, they pour the sauce on top of the meats and put some in the musubi so it wasn't that great of a plate for me. If I knew then I would have asked it without and maybe it would be better. This was my 2nd time here. It's been a while since the last visit was less than stellar (they forgot some of the elements on my plate, added a meat we didnt order on another plate) and I remember thinking it was just okay tasting. I think it's alright for late night eats, but there are other better Hawaiian plate places for daytime.
2	We ordered the chicken katsu and the loco moco for dinner.  First of all, the chicken katsu was cold and you can tell it was not fresh at all.  It tasted like it was just heated up in the microwave and not fried like it should have been.  The loco moco is not nearly as good as L & L's.  I will never come back here again!!
4	Five words: Pork Adobo Fried Rice OmeletWhaaaa???? I looked at the Hubby like he was crazy when he told me he was going to order this. Apparently a good friend recommended this to him. A true must-order if you're in Vegas and worth driving off the strip for. The fried rice is so tasty - not too salty but the perfect marriage of tangy and saltiness. It reminded me of my Mom's adobo and I have yet to find a place who can cook adobo like my Mom. It's pretty big too - think of a 1lb burrito you'd order from a mexican shop only instead of a torilla, it's egg. We also had their SPAM musubi and mixed BBQ plate...can't complain. It was all good. Friendly service, tons of parking, open late...I'm coming back for you Aloha Kitchen! :)
4	I was jonesing for some kalbi and where do I go? Aloha Kitchen, as always. It's close to me, reasonably priced and always quick and friendly service. Same goodness as always. A little overcooked, but growing up in a home where char marks are common and sometimes preferred. I still loved it. I'd really love to try the adobo omelette since my friend Stacy A. raves about it here, but I can't seem to pull myself away from the kalbi.Big fan. Yum.
3	food is good, i like their siamin soup...i wish their kalbi wasn't so fatty though. i think their prices are a little too much for the quality of their food though and one thing i hate is when they give me so little napkins, i mean i get it, some people are so dunb they waste a fckn shitload of napkins and i do hate that...but if i order kalbi and will be using my hands, i expect to have at least a few napkins!!!overall, my and my friends used to go here alot, its a clean place and the decor is cool.
3	A last minute decision to go and was happy that I stopped in!Found local grinds and priced just right. Plenty of room for any size of party and the service was prompt.Everyone ate everything on their plates and for sure I know we will be back.  From hamburger steak to fried rice, we did NOT leave hungry.
1	This is not a place you'd want to go to for lunch if you need to be back at work on time.  Took me 25 minutes to get my order because the cook and the cashier forgot my order.  A gal working there actually offered me free lumpia but I was too pissed off to want to eat anything from them.  This isn't the first time they took too long to get my order but it was definitely the last straw.  If it wasn't for the reasonable price, I wouldn't have came back.  But I'm done with this place.  On another note, the food here is very salty.
4	Adobo fried rice omelet is a must try if you've never been. It's unique and can be a meal in and of itself. I like mine with a little gravy outside and in and egg yolk inside with hot sauce. I've been hooked on the  cut short ribs I can only seem to find back in Oceanside, CA at Guahan Grill, but their Kalbi short ribs are good too. The white rice on all their plates is good and consistent. The service could be better, but not indicative of rating. The cashier can get bogged down and the napkins are small and they never give enough. I need to come here in the winter as they have oxtail soup which is hard to find. Here is what a lot of people don't think about or know is that there is no hard breakfast or time to eat breakfast in the islands or in Vegas so getting their food at 3 because you didn't get to sleep until 9 am from partying all night long is not a shame, but probably the norm.
5	Some of the best food you can buy for under $10 a plate.Try the kalbi ribs or local plate...my favorites.Been here many many times, and will continue to keep it on the list : )
3	I'm indifferent about this place because I went here for a birthday party. So I was in the bar section. I didn't really get to try the food because I had eaten somewhere else. The party was great!I overheard the bartender and servers mention that amazed they were that the party was organized and no fights so far. ...Fights? I didn't ask them what they meant. Come to think of it, a few days before, I asked my parents if they're been to AK. Mom had stories of her coworker witnessing some, and Dad said it's hardly peaceful there.Honestly, I'd like to actually stop by, but can someone clarify this? Is it true that place has fights? Sounds intimidating.
3	Since everyone and their mothers on here mentions the Adobo Fried Rice omelette, a few friends of mine decided to go down here after coming back from the club to see what the hype was about.  I liked that it was open till 5am, the cashier was polite, and it was relatively cheap.  The adobo omelette itself was a bit salty but decent.  I was expecting greatness but didn't really experience it w/ this.  Perhaps the eggs and the adobo together just wasn't working for me, but I will give them a plus on portion size.  The damn thing was the size of an extra large burrito that you'd find at a Mexican restaurant.  Overall it's definitely a place worth trying.  If you're staying on the strip and looking for some Hawaiian / Filipino food to grub on it's about 5 miles and a $21 cab ride away, so go with friends.  Who knows, you might like it.
3	Aloha Kitchen = best hangover cure after a crazy night in Vegas!Order the adobo omelet - it's amazingly delicious. I also got to taste the adobo and katsu combo plate, which was pretty good too. However, I would stick with the adobo omelet for yummy stick-to-your-ribs grub.I recommend that this place spice up their macaroni salad that comes on the side with their combo plates. It tasted a bit bland and I could only eat a bite of it.
5	If you've never been to Aloha Kitchen, you're missing out, my friends. I flippin' love the food here!I'm gonna get right into it: this place has the best teriyaki chicken in town. I don't care what they say about L&L having good food (it's ok), THIS IS WHERE YOU GO FOR TERI. When you order the chicken teri plate, you get three pieces of chicken, two balls of rice, and a little bit of mac salad. The mac salad here is the best, and I routinely order an additional serving of mac salad because it's so good!If you've never had kalbi ribs, you need to. I remember the first time I had kalbi ribs, I thought, "man, these things don't look like what I was expecting..." and then they blew my mind. I recommend you try the Kalbi Combo, too. It's just so delicious. Everything here is good. The problem is that since I love the Chicken Teri and Kalbi Combo so much, I usually wind up getting that and not expanding my horizons. I mean, I've had a bunch of other things (katsu!) but I just go back to my favs. The prices are affordable, too. I was just there and bought two meals, two drinks, and an extra mac salad for $22 even. It's a really good deal when you consider that you get a lot of food for that amount of money, and it's really delicious, too. The place isn't the most high-end establishment in town. So what? It doesn't pretend to be. Their thing is awesome food at a great price, and they really deliver on that front. I've taken a few people there, and they've become addicts, as well. It's just that good!
4	Filipino food AND Hawaiian plate lunch?! me thinks yes!!!The Adobo Fried Rice Omelet is super ono/super sarap. Adobo Fried Rice wrapped in an omelet...fyi it's pretty ginormous & big enough to share. Otherwise one can conquer it if they're super hungry. The different plate lunches are really yummy too. Chicken Katsu plate served up w/ rice & mac salad. Don't forget to order a spam musubi too & get a can of Hawaiian Sun to wash it all down!Aloha Kitchen isn't too far off the strip so if you're looking for some local cheap eats, big portions & good food then this is definitely worth trying!
2	Came here with family during a week trip to Vegas.  I just went there last week and I'm normally up for whole in the wall places so long as their food is good.  But this place I didn't really find anything worth remembering.  I ordered the loco moco.  It didn't have much taste and I tried to give away my food to the rest of the family.  A few of us ordered the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet which I tasted and thought was not really worth coming back to.  Unfortunately I will not be back.  I think the only saving grace is the price is somewhat reasonable. I do really like the Hawaiian restaurant they have at the Cal much better.
4	So i gotta say im always on a mission to find great local food which in my case local food being from hawaii. And ive heard alot of good things about this place i was not disappointed! The food was def. priced well and the portion size was perfect. The quality of the food was def good as well! The reviews that others have wrote are so so but from hearing other locals in person telling me about this place it made my decision to actually give it a try. If anyone from hawaii is craving good local food this spot is def worth the stop! Price is reasonable and so are the portion sizes!
5	Good food for good price. Highly recommended for lunch!
4	This is one of my favorite places around the end of the month when I'm close to broke. Good food and very affordable. Since the first time I came here I felt like home, it reminded me of my mother's cooking. No, shes not Hawaiian, but her secret  ingredient waaas?....SPAM! And one thousand possibilities. But I have tried other favorites like  Mahi mahi katsu combo, also the teriyaki chicken and they're as good as...well, spam. This place is always busy so the word is out.  If you're looking for some good affordable home tasting Hawaiian food. Aloha kitchen is the place!                          You don' say ham, say spam!
5	this is an update, I've finally had the chance to try the food!so as the yelpers have said, I did decide to try the adobo fried rice. It's very good! I had some good chunks of meat in there. My friends just had beef teriyaki and shared a piece with me- it's very delicious as well! My brother had loco moco and loved it! They bring your meal to you via table number. I liked having hip hop music play, it's a nice atmosphere. I really do want to make this place a favorite spot!
3	My gal pal and I stopped by for a quick bite while in the neighborhood. We placed our order at the counter, our first time so my friend asked how did they do their macaroni salad. My friend is from Hawaii originally and has had macaroni salad many different ways. She was curious so asked as she did not want to regret a double order of a style of mac salad she may not like...you catch my drift.The clerk replied that she had no clue, however she added she "thinks" it may have chopped cucumber in it? She also stated she had never tasted it before. Ok so being the type we are, we go for it, and wield the consequences later...so double order of the "Mystery" mac salad it is.It was a bit bland, not made with best foods, most likely store brand mayo. Not sweet, not very flavorful, however if mixed in with every other item on your plate, it does the trick.We ordered the the Pork Lau-lau, served with Rice and Macaroni Salad.This dish was good, the lau-lau was a great presentation, very tender, juicy and tasty. It was a nice portion indeed. The sticky rice was good as well.I also ordered a side of lumpia shanghai w/sweet chile sauce the way I like it. Mmmmmm yummy.I make chicken lumpia at home, I will come here for my pork lumpia!All in all was an ok meal, some goodness balanced with some blandness rates this review with a 3 Star.Suggestion is have your employees know the food, questions about their menu is something they should be prepared for. Just saying...
2	I used to love this place back in 04 days.. Now It's just.. I don't know what exactly happened.. The portion of the food seemed smaller (maybe the recession?). The food is still good ofcourse it's just amount of food that we got and the service. It wasn't the same as before. Me and my bf came in around 1am, because I just had gotten off work and I wanted to get some food before i went home.. When went in the restaurant we felt the vibe that we were not welcome.. and when the person served our food.. the guy started cleaning all the tables and making us and other people seem like intruders in the restaurant.. so me and my bf had to chow down everything in like 10 mins. The guy decide to lock the doors and it wasn't even 2 yet... I just don't understand the hours here.. If you want business.. then treat customers with priority.. Don't make them feel as if they need to hurry the eff up so you can get your asses home even if the store hours says that you should still be open anyway.. I mean i would come back but for the service.. I would rather try a different location or just stay with L&L..  better service and with good quality food.
3	This is one of those places you gotta go off the strip. As an islander, this is straight up comfort food for me. We went and got the spam musubi, kalua pig and cabbage, and the adobo fried rice omlette.Spam musubi - typical verison. No furukake though.Kalua pig & cabbage - pretty good for a fast food version of this dish. Savory, sweet pork mixed with the bitterness of the cabbage is a mix that I love. Meat is moist and tender. Something I'd probably order each time.Adobo fried rice omlette - very flavorful dish. Mmm...good stuff. Everyone else has pretty much covered it, so I don't feel the need to say much.Overall, service was friendly and punctual, food was good quality, good portion size, especially for the price. I'd definitely hit this place up for breakfast on my next trip to LV.
3	We've been here several times and can affirm that it is a reasonable meal for a reasonable price. It is pretty basic stuff that shouldn't really disappoint anybody. But at the same time, you are not likely to be blown away. My only complaint is the heavy usage of a very sweet teriyaki sauce on many of the dishes. The bottom line is that Island Style on Sahara (and in the Green Land Market) does a similar menu much, much better.
3	Upon my first visit here, I was a little worried. Hawaiian style local restaurants are usually hit or miss..they give you a ton of food and you have to take the plunge and either feel crappy afterwards or go into the loveliest food coma known to man. This one was the latter. The food was delicious and the service was decently quick, I just don't understand why they put the soda machine on the other side of the line...so annoying. Fat spam musubi too. It's alriggghttttt, I'd go here again if I was craving island food in Vegas.
3	This is a nice little place with some good food.  I'm not a huge fan of Hawaiian food, mostly because I hate pineapple with a passion, but a friend of ours wanted to go sing karaoke, so we tried it out.This place is a restaurant with a karaoke bar next door.  At the bar, the drinks are about $5 - $6, but I have to say they're pretty weak.  I got the feeling that you don't really go to the bar to drink, you go more to watch the karaoke singers.  I myself am too chicken to get up there and sing, but more power to the people who do!  One of the people I came with said, "There are three types of karaoke singers: ones who are really good, ones who think they're good but are really bad, and ones who know they're bad and don't give an *ish* because they're having fun."  I definitely saw all three types that night.  Oh, and a guy who looked like Michael Jackson and Prince combined...he sang "Music of the Night"...both the Christine and Raul parts...it was amazing.You can order food and they will bring it to you in the bar, too, which is pretty cool.  I had the garlic chicken which totally lived up to it's name and thank God had no pineapple anywhere near it, and was sooooo tender I just shredded it off with a fork.  My husband ordered the adobo fried rice and loved it.I may be a Hawaiian food convert after coming to this place (just so long as there is no VILE FRUIT in it) and would like to experience the karaoke again.This place is just like the 3 stars says: A-OK.
2	Based on a recommendation, I was eager to try Aloha Kitchen.  I have to say I was not very impressed with the food.  I ordered the mix plate combination which came with beef, teriyaki chicken, and mahi (in egg batter).  The mac salad, the rice, and the beef were fine but I found the teriyaki sauce overwhelming and the mahi not very fresh.  They do give you a ton of food for a reasonable price.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day.  I also didn't care for the clean-up involving a ladder and lots of dust during lunch hour over the soda machine and the cups.
1	Oh boy oh boy.... Where do I begin..  I saw their advertisement for about 2 weeks for their xmas day buffet for $15.  The list of food sounded great and included many typical hawaiian items.  I arrived there around 7.  It was fairly quiet/empty and figured most people came there earlier. There were probably only 20 people in there when I arrived.  1st off the service was great. The employees were very nice and I definitely expected that being in a hawiian restaurant.  The place was also very clean and that too was not an issue.  The food is the main issue here.  When I walked upto the buffet, the sushi table had 3 basic rolls on there and was ok at best.  The lumpia was probably the most decent thing I ate.  I was in total shock when I saw the spam musubi.  They had it all nice looking, all cut in half in nice big pieces (this would've been perfect but NOOOO they screwed it up.) They had some sort of sauce on ALL of it. The problem is you CAN'T put sauce on a rice item like this that is sitting there.  I had one bite and it completely fell apart in my hand because the sauce had made the whole thing mushy.  The katsu was overcooked and dried out.  The halfway decent stir fry veggies were sorta ok but they were sitting under a heat lamp and getting mushy and all in all lacked flavor.  The curry was very bland. I tried a little of a few other dishes and again everything was bland and blah.  I was completely disappointed in the macaroni salad. WOW it had nooooo flavor to it. It was just simply mayonaisse.  The desserts were store bought donuts, some chocolate chip cookies, and some funky brownies.  and btw I saw other people sitting around me making faces too about the food. There's a few problems here. #1 let's compare apples to apples... Aloha kitchen vs L&L Hawaiian. This buffet gave me a really good idea of what their food is like if I ordered it off their regular menu (vs buffet style) I have been to L&L many many times and wow they are definitely a LOT better then Aloha.  I have tried several things on their menu and everything has been flavorful, yummy, not over cooked and their macaroni salad is great too.   1 out of 10.. Aloha you're a 1.  L&L a 10.There was nothing good about the food at Aloha and I was VERY disappointed.  Now comparison #2.  Although now I'm comparing apples to oranges but still.  Aloha vs buffet @ asia which is just minutes up the street.  Aloha, you can not charge $15 for what you put on that buffet with that kind of quality.  Buffet @ Asia is WAY better then you in quality and selection for the same price.  Just sushi alone puts you to shame (and they don't have any fantastic sushi either but it's way better then yours)  and with Sushi Mon being 10 min up the street as well, they blow both places out of the water.  It's very tough to run a good restaurant, but if L&L can have almost all the same menu items and they do it right with quality, and taste and the same price, then so can you. Aloha kitchen.... You're a discrace to good hawaiian food.  I will continue my business at L&L
3	Adobo rice was just ok. No haupia and cash only gives this place three stars. Spam musubi was decent tho.
3	If your looking for "Fast food" Hawaiian style, this is the IT place to go.Food: 4/5 The food here is actually pretty good, so good I swear aloha kitchen was thee place that caused my freshmen 10 (gaining of 10 pounds once you become a freshmen in college) I love getting the short ribs dish or something simple like the Teriyaki bowl. I usually don't order burgers but I recently decided to be adventurous and tried a teriyaki burger which was delicious.  Service: 3/5 The service here is pretty good but I think that just might be part of that laid back Hawaiian culture. The place is kind of a mess though, I decided to dine in and I noticed a couple of booths were covered with left over rice and drips of sauces from the previous customer that sat there. Also maybe Aloha kitchen should remodel a bit because some of their booths chairs are ripping. Price: 4/5 The price here is cheap & the food comes out fast in good portions so your getting your moneys worth. Karaoke Bar: 0/5 I've never been in the karaoke bar but every time I dine in the walls must be thin or something but you can definitely hear some annoying chick on the other side screaming her lungs out. Very annoying while your trying to eat.
5	I Love this place! I come here everytime I come back from Cali. The service here is always good. Food is Always good! Adobo fried rice omelettes ftw! I also love their Tapsilog, but they run out of that super fast! If you enjoy tapa as much as I do.. come early for this. I think they run out between 10:30am-11:30am.
3	The food is good, but definitely not great.  If you want good food, a lot of it, for a very reasonable price...go here.  The service and the decor are okay.  You order at the counter and the food it delivered.  It got there quickly.  Overall, it was good, but definitely not memorable.
5	This place sets the bar for fast Hawaiian bbq. Everything I have tried has been good to excellent. I love their mac salad and chicken teryaki, its the best at any Hawaiian bbq places I have tried. Note: they offer call ahead take out orders which is fantastic for busy professionals.
5	bomb.com
4	One of Vegas' little gems... a fusion of Hawaiian/Filipino food. They have all of the things you would normally find at Hawaiian fast food places like L&L but the one thing I highly recommend that I haven't seen anywhere else is the adobo omelette: pork adobo fried rice all wrapped around fried egg. So delicious and huge... drool.
5	I can always count on Aloha Kitchen and Bar to feed my hunger at midnight or later.  Other than casinos, this is the only place I know of that serves Hawaiian local food till 4:30am.  The only downer is how far this place is.  I live in Old Henderson and this restaurant and bar location is on Sahara and Decatur.  No place is far though, when you're on a local food fix!Last night I had one of those cravings, so I came by to visit everyone at Aloha Kitchen.  I've been to this location many times because of the karaoke bar next door.  Everyone is AH-MAZE-ING.  First off, you're greeted by their bouncer, Greg.  Then you have Shawn at the bar.  Probably the coolest guy you'll ever meet.  Jovane (sorry if I misspelled your name) was the cocktail server and super sweet and Izzy is the KJ.  Very entertaining.  In the restaurant, there's Cyndel who's been a part of Aloha Kitchen for over 10 years.  Everyone's just full of Aloha and treats you like family.Tonight I got the chicken katsu, spam musubi and the Shanghai lumpia.  The katsu is super crispy and good.  What I really like though, is the katsu sauce. Best katsu sauce I've had.  It's more tangy and savory, rather than sweet.  To me, it compliments the katsu very well.  With the musubi, they add their teriyaki sauce to the spam so it flavors the rice.  Packed with a lot of flavor.  The lumpia is small and filled with pork.  Served with a sweet chili dipping sauce.  Super good with a beer next door.  One thing that I could do without is the constant fighting this place has on late nights.  Lately though, there hasn't been any sketchy activities.  All in all, I love visiting this place because of the food and people.  If you're ever in the area, come down and check this place out.
4	Going into this place always makes me think of the Hawaiian take-out joints back home. I haven't been back in a while, but I ordered some BBQ chicken to go today. Not that the place was tastefully decorated to begin with, however when I walked in there today, it looked even more run down than I remembered it. It looked like they had taken down things from their walls, many items on their menu were covered up with white paper, which I'm sorry, I think is very ghetto. Scotch taping a piece of white paper on the soda labels to show which one they are out of?! Generic white styrofoam cups? I don't know. Just looked like lots of little things, probably to cut costs.The cashier was nice, my order came out timely, but I walked out of there thinking, "Am I going to come back here?" I thought that until I opened my order. BBQ chicken I remember I loved, tender, juicy, even the rice was still hot. My son, as we speak, is inhaling the leftovers. Their portions were always generous.That's probably why I'm giving them 4 stars.
2	Definite change in quality since they began changing the decor.  Aloha kitchen ... Imagine this, you walk in & there's hip hop blasting (is the music on to serve the customers or the young employees?), you order local food & here's what you get:Saimin:  they changed the good noodles to chewy noodlesLaulau:  meat is dry & no butterfish not even pork fatSpam musubi:  tough, tough noriAloha kitchen, what's going on???!?  Unfortunately, there's no consistency with the food or service, not like aloha specialities
3	I have eaten at this particular location quite a few times, always as a dine in customer. Today though, we went with the delivery option. I sat next to my co-worker as he gave the order, over the phone. Before too long the inviting aroma of Hawaiian food made its way to my olfactory receptors. I received less than half of one sauce cup worth of Katsu sauce. It was barely enough for 1/8th of my chicken. It would have been good enough for twice that, had it not been so tough and dry.I don't know why it is so difficult to get enough Katsu sauce for my meal, either via delivery or while eating on site, it just is.Despite that, the food is still good, for the most part. Their service is just a tad spotty.
3	We came here for brunch. My first time here, and I ordered spam, eggs, and rice. It was delicious! However it took about 30 minutes for my order to come. If the wait wasn't so long, I would have given this place four stars.
3	I don't understand why every branch of the company seems to be rude and you get a feeling that you as a paying customer should thank them for being in business. I har experienced that at other "island places" (hawaiiian, Guam etc). What's up with the attitude!!!!
1	We went here for lunch since it was recommended by a friend who frequents Las Vegas. The place is small and not a good place for a large party. Service was HORRIBLE! The waitress didnt greet us when we walked it then after waiting 10 minutes after we sat down, she came up to us and asked us if we were ready to order.... SERIOUSLY?! We didnt even have a menu yet. GEEZ. The food was okay. my husband and I had the Kalua pig and Katsu combo and we regret it. The Kalua pig was way to salty and dry. My stepmom had the adobo and the pork was really dry too. I will not return here again, I'd rather got to L&L.
3	I love their korean bbq chicken, but can only give it 3 stars because of the constant gristle I discover.
1	This place disgraces Hawaiian local food. The sauces are wrong, the musubis are soggy, and just blah. As soon as you walk in it looks like the tacky waikiki "grass shacks" that we dont even have here( i live right near waikiki). Huge disappointment when i heard there was "hawaiian" food i was expecting better. I dont know why its so popular with the people living in vegas. the food just sucks. There are local hawaiian food places scattered around vegas MUCH MUCH MUCH better than this place, because you can tell that the owners and workers are actually FROM Hawaii and know what the hell they're doing.
3	I decided that I would try this place considering I have not been here in a few years, since the Webjoy days (for those of you who are familiar). I used to get the chicken teriyaki bowl, but I walked in asking what would the employee prefer.The kalbi plate happened to be the preference today. I dislike white rice, so I had to get a salad as a replacement. (a little bit of an off taste) I believe the teriyaki chicken is still great! Each bite had a crunch with just enough flavor to keep you wanting more. The kalbi and chicken katsu almost seemed like fillers though.Next time, I will get the chicken teriyaki plate. No exceptions.
5	Adobo Fried Rice Omelettes are a must when we're in town.  They're just so good and totally hit the spot.  It's a huge omelette filled with minced pork adobo and rice.  Loco Moco, chicken wings, and Manapuas are yummy too.  It's counter service and the restaurant is clean with a good, casual atmosphere.  Place takes credit card.
4	Although there's other Aloha Kitchens out here, this is one to go to. In regards to taste (my opinion):1.  Katsu: not the best in town. BTW, look up Katsu on urban dictionary.2.  Spam Masubi: Okay, sometimes too loose.3.  Loco Moco: I recommend 4.  Fried Rice Adobo Omelette: The best!!!If you're looking for Hawaiian food and want have fun at the same time, come here Friday nights. Can get crowded and tough to find a seat though. I've also learned not to wear all black and stand outside when I'm here. At least 3 times, people thought I was a bouncer. I even joked with someone and almost got a cover charge from them.
2	Last week - I dropped by the Aloha Kitchen and Bar for lunch. Had high hopes that this would be a location that would come close to being like the food I love and miss when I'm back home on the islands. However - I've learned to live with disappointment in life and my visit here was just another added to that list. The dining area is nice - somewhat clean, open and modern(ish) compared to other "local" style restaurants I've been to. The names of the dishes were promising and the prices seemed in line with the portion sizes I had seen on people's tables as I waited to place my order. I was coming down with a cold so I wanted saimin - even with it being in the 90's and humid which they don't serve. A Hawaiian style restaurant that doesn't serve saimin - odd. Even fast food joints in Hawaii serve saimin.  At least they serve fried saimin. So, I settled for that. Too much vegetables which normally isn't a bad thing however, after a few bites, I started to separate the cabbage and celery. Sorted thru and picked out the minced meat and noodles and with the leftover vegetables, it looked like I hadn't made a dent in the plate. I also chose a side of macaroni salad. Ugh. All I'm going to say is that I have to wonder if the cooks have ever been to the islands. Either that or the cooks have started tayloring their dishes to the tastes of people who haven't been either. Or maybe, I didn't choose the right dishes that they specialize in ... whatever the case, I didn't like what I ordered and I doubt I'll be back any time soon.
1	Been living in Hawaii for the past 13 years and just moved to Vegas. The "garlic chicken" was just fried chicken breast with garlic powder poured on it. Went to use the bathroom and so far was the dirtiest bathroom I've been in since I moved here. Guess I'm gonna try and find a real Hawaiian place out here. I do no recommend.
3	Hate dropping a 5 star review down, especially down to a 3 star...But the food just isn't the same anymore.  The value is still there, since it is still fairly cheap food, but the quality has went down.Not sure if I caught a new cook or just a bad run, but the place was very slow and my food just didn't have the flavor it did before.I need another Hawaiian spot to check out...please msg me if you have one
4	I had the Kalbi and it was very good.   Clearly this is more of a "fast food' joint than a sit down place, but the quality of food for the type of restaurant is excellent.
4	Good enough to get my Hawaiian/Asian food whenever the craving hits.Only downside: minimum $5 for any debit/credit card transactions. Ugh...that was annoying. I only wanted to order my usual chicken bowl, with tax it was around $4 and some change. So I had to order something that I had no intention to get in the first place. Even Mc Donalds takes debit/credit card with NO minimum amount...get your ish together Aloha Kitchen.
2	Haven't been here in a while because my last experience was bad. Unfortunately not much has changed. The rice (a staple of the 808 plate lunch) was dry and tasted old. The Teri chix was not marinated- instead just some sticky Teri sauce was globbed over it. And the portions got smaller. Definitely not a go back to place. Sigh-guess I'll have to make the drive to Isle Sushi on Eastern.
3	Pork adobo fried rice is a MUST. If you ever believe any of my reviews, believe this! The pork adobo fried rice is the shit!Ratings for the rest of the food I tried:- Lumpia: standard. I could make these better by frying the frozen ones from the store- Manapua: This appears to be the same brand from Hawaii that is frozen and you just microwave it. Not that it's not good, it is...- Kalua pig with cabbage: Tasty, but a little too salty for me (and I LURVE salty stuff).-Mac salad: I can make this better myself, which defeats the purpose of me ordering it.Overall, I'd probably come back here for the fried rice. It was SO good. Service was good too....both ladies working the counter were super nice. So I'm giving it 3.5 stars.3.5 fried stars!
5	best filipino-hawaiian food ever!
4	I usually get the same few things here: combo bowl, spam musubi, and macaroni salad. I love this place. Service is super fast and the food is tasty and cheap. What more can you ask for? If you like Hawaiian food, you definitely need to come here.
1	This place was yuck. I saw that they deliver and since I cant leave work I thought I would give them a try. It was totally disgusting and they took forever. They said between 15 and 30 minutes and that there would be a 3 dollar delivery charge. Not many places have delivery charges but when they do I expect the food to come within the time frame given. Not 20 minutes after the 45 minutes had already passed. I hope the delivery guy considers the fee his tip. The local plate was disgusting, greasy and the musubi smelled rank and old. The mac salad wasnt bad and the lupia was actually great. I will not be coming here ever again. Still a bad taste in my mouth.
5	We eat at Aloha Kitchen all the time, being from Hawaii its nice to get local foods.  There food is Very good and the portion size is amazing. This year we decided to Cater from here.  We were offered a tasting so we could try a variety of things that we may never have tried.  Everything was amazing, In fact it was so awesome that we are going to have them cater our New Years Party. We highly recommend this restaurant. Good Food and Wonderful service.  Aloha spirit from the moment you walk in.
4	After watching a show in Vegas, we were hungry and wanted some soup. It was freezing outside and I remembered seeing The Aloha Kitchen sign traveling down Decatur. My friend's from Oahu and she said her friend told her about Aloha Kitchen and to give it a try. So after the show I yelped them and the pictures all looked so good and the best part of it all..... they close at 5:00AM! I was craving Ox Tail soup too so F it.. we're going. I was a bit bummed that the Ox Tail soup was not on their menu so oh well... i'll just get the Loco Moco. But while standing in line and look what I see..... A printed out sign. OX TAIL SOUP Special !!!! Mahalo!!  It hit the spot for real! My wife had the Spam Musubi and she said it was pretty good. There was a Karaoke bar next door but we didn't venture in there.
5	Four words:  ADOBO FRIED RICE OMELET!That alone is the DELICIOUS hallmark of this wonderful hole-in-the-wall Filipino-Hawaiian restaurant inside the UNLV campus.  The huge-size for a $7 value is worth it.  As an east coast tourist who came here on a word-of-mouth referral from my cousin who's been to Vegas a zillion times, I just had to come here and believe it.  I hope you can believe it when you come here.Also the spam musubi, a slice of grilled spam with a bed rice and sauce around a big maki wrap, is a win!
2	My mother-in-law and brother-in-law love this place, but if not for them, I would NEVER go here.  Sub-par Hawaiian food.Pros:-Open late.-Restaurant dining ambiance is pleasant.-Spam Musubi is decent.-Kalbi Ribs have nice char on them.-Chicken Katsu is OK.-Reasonable prices.Cons:-Don't go at 5:00 pm on a weekday or they're OUT OF CURRY.  REALLY?-Katsu sauce is strange and gelatinous - kinda like hoisin, but not as good.-Teriyaki sauce is PURE SUGAR.-Macaroni salad is yucky.-Unevenly cooked rice - some soft, some chewy, some hard.-Fried Saimin has funky flavor.-Loco Moco is a processed, textureless hamburger patty, gravy tastes canned, both of which are bland, bland, bland.  -Kalbi Ribs taste like they've been marinated in corn syrup - so SWEET!  You don't get many with your meal, and they're mostly bone.If you've been to L&L or King's Hawaiian and had GOOD Hawaiian food, you will run from this place screaming.  I can see why people come here after the bar.  This food would definitely taste better if I was drunk.
4	Yummy and cheap, cheap, cheap. The boy and I were looking for a place to stop at on our way home from Chinese New Year, and decided to stop here, never having tried a hawaiian place before.. Which aparently, is an awful lot like Japanese? I guess? But with pineapples?Anyways, the boy got a teriyaki chicken bowl for under $4, and I got the garlic chicken with gravy for $7. Mine came with macaroni salad, which was meh. No real flavor at all to it. I'd probably just skip that part next time. But the garlic chicken was sooo so good, and the portion size was massive, 3 pieces of chicken and two rice scoops. I had to take half home. The boy liked his teriyaki chicken bowl as well. Not as much food as the garlic chicken, but still more than enough. The teriyaki sauce had a nice pineapple tang to it, and the chicken was super tender.
3	The food is alright. I had the local plate. The chicken and beef were ok, but the spam had way too much rice (served as a "sandwich").  I would only come here if i was in the area, but wouldn't be my first choice.
4	Man this place great choice for Hawaiian food in Las Vegas! Living in Hawaii and visiting family in Vegas, what better place to eat and talk story like Aloha Kitchen. Market Street Cafe would be another place that the locals go and eat, but Aloha Kitchen & Bar is so ono!They place closes pretty late so you can get your late night grinds on if your up past 12am.What I got was Local plate which includes: Combination of Teriyaki Chicken, Beef and 2 Spam Musubi. It included more rice also. I think they can cut back on the rice that isn't in the Musubi and give an extra scoop of mac salad.The teri beef and chicken was cooked awesome. It wasn't over cooked and tough. The chicken was easy to cut and so was the teriyaki beef. The teriyaki sauce catered to the masses and more of a mainland pallet but I thought it was very delish!THe Musibi could have been wrapped a little tighter because it was falling apart when i took a bite out of it.Pricing was on point too. nothing crazy like paying on the strip, but for the amount of food you get, and the price you pay, its a deal!Everyone praises the adobo fried rice but I didn't try it this time. I'll most defiantly try ti next time in in town and craving some local hawaiian food.Over all, love this place and will be visiting it more when im back in Vegas.
4	A perfect place for Las Vegas.Open late at night for those of us that work late at night.Very friendly staff.While I'm not really big into Hawaiian food, there still are a few menu items I can have that satisfies my hunger. It's also reasonably priced when you're having one of those nights losing money to the blackjack tables.There are also pretty cool people that hang out here and eat.One of the better places to eat at in Vegas!
2	I hate to do this -- but here goes . . . . I was totally craving local food (aka Mom's cooking) and thought I'd get my fix at Aloha Kitchen.  I'm from Maui, so . . . there's nothing quite like Mom's, but I thought this might come close. Our group had the chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken and teri beef plates with the rice and mac salad.  I can't say any of the above was worth a repeat visit. The katsu - I make better katsu myself and with that being said, I think L&L's katsu is better and . . . that's still L&L, not Mom's.  This was very garlicy, small strips of thin chicken with more crunch than chicken.  The sauce was ok, not best ever, but ok. Honestly could not finish it, I threw 1/2 of it away and I never do that. It was THAT bad.  And for the record, I had the bubbly stomach (gas) effect all afternoon.  Gross.I think I have a problem with their teriyaki sauce.  The chicken was average and teri beef was chewy.  Sauce was ok, but like a 2-star says . . . "Meh. I've experienced better".  I was most disappointed with the hard, dry rice - it's not hard to cook rice!!  Even my 8 year old makes better rice - cmon now!!  And then came the mac salad which again, L&L does better.  It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great either.  And it certainly wasn't Mom's.  Would I go back?  Nope.  It's close to my work and I'd love to say I would.  But nope.  Place was pretty crowded though and I've been told to "order breakfast next time", but I wasn't feeling breakfast at 12:00 Noon.
5	Always here on Sundays and every time great food and nice to chill while listening to karaoke. Great people.
3	A few months ago, my husband and I wanted to eat lunch here, but it was just way too crowded. All the tables were occupied and the long line went out the door. We left and decided to come back another time. I was in the area today and stopped by around 10:45 in the morning. There were 5 people ahead of my in line, but it wasn't crazy busy like the last time. I ordered the Local Plate to go. It came with teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef and 2 spam musubis. The chicken had a lot of fat on it, there was barely any meat at all. The beef was tender and flavorful. I also like how they are not stingy with their spam musubis. Thick slices of spam and they did not over do it with the rice. Other places will put a very thin slice of spam on a huge block of rice, which is always disappointing. The portions of chicken and beef were small, but the 2 spam musubis definitely made up for that!The cashier wasn't too friendly, but she wasn't rude either. I thought for sure that I would have to wait a while for my food, but it actually came out pretty quickly. Next time, I want to try the kalua pork and lau lau plate. Hopefully, it will be better than the one at L&L.
4	- Been coming here since 2010 because the place is a good value.- Large portion sizes, good food, reasonable prices, open 7 days a week late in to the night (whereas Island Style closes early and isn't even open on Sundays  http://www.yelp.com/biz/island-style-las-vegas).- Staff is friendly and there's a self-serve soda dispenser so free refills when I'm eating there.
3	Decided to try this place for some late Sunday evening eats with a friend. Bonus: Open late daily. I would probably prefer Island Style but they close at 8pm and not open on Sundays. Place looked clean enough and prices reasonable. I had combo of Chicken Katsu & Chicken curry. My friend had the bbq combo(Katsu, teri chicken & kalbi). Both our katsu's were a bit overdone because the outside was pretty dark brown and tasted accordingly. The 2 scoops of rice looked more like 3. The mac salad was decent. I had a taste of my friend's teri chicken and I could tell it wasn't marinated bbq/teri chicken I'm used to having back in Hawaii growing up. It was just grilled chicken that had a lightly colored sweet sauce on top. The katsu did come with the thick, sweet tangy traditional japanese katsu sauce.I would come back to perhaps to try other items here. The first visit though was just ok.
4	Always enjoy going to this place. I don't think it's overpriced or anything, but I can only take Aloha Kitchen in monthly doses. My favorites are the chicken katsu and kalbi.
5	Best food I have had in a long time! Fusion of hawaiian, filipino, korean, japanese . I ordered the kalbi combo and split the adobo rice with a friend. My taste buds where going crazy. Each thing on my plate was cooked well. The kalbi was grilled just right, the katsu was evenly fried to a golden crisp and the rice was cooked perfectly to my liking. If it was up to me i would of eaten at aloha kit. The whole time i was in vegas. Im actually thinking of moving to vegas and this is one is under the "pros" column
3	A mixed bag. The food is good. I had the kalua pork and cabbage. It was  a little salty but ok. The spam musabi was awesome. You will not leave there hungry.The karaoke bar had a great host! He would play popular dance songs I in between the singing to keep everyone involved. My biggest disappointment was the bar. Get beer, because they water down the drinks.
2	Everyone raves about the adobo fried rice, so that's what i tried. it wasn't busy when i got here and the food was a bit too oily for my taste and it wasn't as good as imagined it to be.
2	I ordered the "grilled" mahi-mahi plate and ended up receiving a mahi-mahi omelette. I politely went to the counter to clarify my order, but the employee, a young kid, claimed the mahi-mahi plate is cooked with egg. If that is the case, then the menu should clearly state that. Not grilled. I didn't want to argue simply because I was wary of having something done to my reorder, didn't want to waste food, and was already starving. On top of that, the mahi-mahi omelettes were extremely bland (along with the side of mac salad) that I needed to add a lot of Aloha soy sauce which was probably the only best thing about my meal.
3	The Portugese sausage fried rice omelette was delicious!I can't say enough good things about it so I won't say anything else at all and just let you yelpers try it for yourselves.  The lumpia was just so so.  Spam musubi is normal. Better than L&L but not by much.  When i was here I saw a homeless lady with her 3 kids walk in to use the bathroom and drink water that is provided out in the open for apparently anyone.  A little disturbing but it was 115 degrees outside and I don't want to see anybody die from the heat so I was like whatever.  If the owner or employees want to allow this that's there choice.
2	I used to go here all the time when I was 18 and I have many fond memories...so please believe it saddens me to write this review.Upon arriving I was impressed with the remodel (haven't been here in years). I mean lets be honest this place was an eye sore a couple years ago! New furniture did wonders though! So I go order my food and service was great. Quick & fast no complaints. Food though was bland! I mean the chicken teriyaki was very pale unlike years ago! Not to mention the teriyaki sauce didn't taste the same and had a thin consistency. The Mac salad also had no flavor and it just seemed off. I guess I will just have memories and nothing else...
3	I visited Aloha Kitchen for the first time yesterday. This was a place that my co-workers ordered from a lot since it's in close distance from our workplace.  I ordered the chicken teriyaki and a side order of spam musubi. I enjoyed both but my only gripe is that the chicken teriyaki didn't come with vegetables. I don't know, maybe I always expected any chicken teriyaki plate to be mixed with vegetables?  Either way, it was still good. Would I try it again? Sure. There was some other things on the menu that caught my interest.
3	nothing beats the terri beef, except of course manapuas and musubis to go along with it, good food and friendly service equals great times
5	I went  to Aloha Kitchen and bar last week and had a blast, The food was amazing and you have the best of Hawaiian and the Philippines. The owner Liza and her husband was there and they introduced themselves, I really enjoyed the hospitality. I had a drink from the bar and overall was very happy with Aloha Kitchen. I lived in Hawaii for 5 years and this place made me feel like I was back on the island. I can't wait to go back because there are so many items on the menu I want to try. Thanks Aloha Kitchen see ya soon
4	not much of a fan of filipino food. but this mixture was too good! its a hole in the wall restaurant. my bf & i ordered the adobo fried rice omelet & a macaroni salad came out to be less than $10. macaroni salad was really small & not that tasty for $2. but the adobo fried rice omelet was good! add some sriracha. yums.
3	I was outvoted, and forced to return.  So I tried their Chicken Curry, and it was very good - not spectacular.  It is made in a "homemade" style - slow cooked chicken, potato, carrot, onion in a curry sauce.  It is not at all spicy and not too flavorful, but everything was cooked perfectly and it tastes fine.  I would order this everytime, fo sho.We dined in and I was admiring the trendy vibe of the interior - the bamboo wall, the lime green colors, the swirling white art.  It's cool.  I also appreciated the 'real' dishes and silverware that they give you if you eat there - nice touch.  The Macaroni Salad was just as Godawful as I remember, though...  :(
4	Another one of my favorite local spots for Hawaiian food in Vegas! This place is known for the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet. For those of you who doesn't know what Filipino adobo is it is meat simmered with soy sauce, vinegar, bay leaves, peppercorns and garlic. This is a staple food with Filipino's and I like to describe this spot as the Hawaiian/Filipino spot. Besides the famous adobo fried rice all their dishes here are pretty ono! So next time you are in Vegas, be sure to check out this spot....you'll love it!
3	The food at this Hawaiian Restaurant is sooo good! I love how they offer a wide selection..from Hawaiian, Filipino and Korean! I ordered the beef kalbi and my husband ordered the chicken katsu. We also ordered the lumpia as our side dish. The beef kalbi and the chicken katsu are both delish! But the Lumpia was just like a wonton wrapper and 1/2 pork on it. It was good food with reasonable cost. I'm giving this restaurant three stars because of their bad service. My husband asked the lady behind the counter 3 spoons but the lady just gave her one. Then he asked for a highchair and she just pointed to it like there it is go get it type of an attitude. Lastly when we asked for hand soap in the bathroom as the container was  empty it took them a while to get back to us. I would definitely come back for the great food but next time I will just take it home with me to avoid all the hassles.
5	Karaoke every night!!!  I love to sing!  Yay!! The foods not bad either. Go see one of the great bartenders and ask for the shot special!  Mmmmmmm good:)  Definitely makes me sound better:)
3	good adobo omelette. i never actually crave the food though with the prices.
4	Awesome food for sure. One point off because the bartender was super surly and we were the only ones in there. Plus side, the very friendly waitress brought out our food to us inside the bar. Manapuas are delicious and saimin and Mac salad were Ono.
5	Aloha Kitchen! Can never go wrong when you want some quick Hawaiian food. My favorite Hawaiian chain in Vegas. I always get the Local Plate. Bbq beef, chicken, and two spam musubis. Highly recommend!
4	It's been a long time since I've eaten here and it still satisfies me. The food here really is good. Love the macaroni salad and their Lumpia's, hmmmm :-)They remodeled too which is great because now it's more trendy.
5	I absolutely love this place!!!! The beef bowl is awesome! Always so flavorful and juicy!! They do not put potatoes in their Mac salad which makes this anti potato girl super happy! The lumpia is my favorite! The staff is always super friendly and the service is quick!
2	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:Kalbi - These were just ok.  The marinade was nothing special... pretty much what I expected which was overly sweet with not much of a complexity of flavoring agents.  The meat itself was probably the thinnest cut of short ribs I have ever seen.  Even L&L serves up a thicker slab.Katsu - This was actually pretty good.  Tender and juicy interior with a super crispy and light exterior.  Unfortunately I was not diggin' the dipping sauce.. it just tasted like hoisin mixed with oyster sauce.Chicken Teriyaki - The teriyaki sauce is horrible.  It was thickened with so much cornstarch that it didn't have much flavor.  Adobo Omelette -  Don't know what everyone is raving about.  Imagine leftover adobo that mom made from the night before, which was fried with some leftover rice the next morning, then wrapped in a blanket of the flattest scrambled eggs I have ever sunken my teeth into.  I mean don't get me wrong, it definitely has that "homemade" and "comfort food" spot we all have, but please do not go out of your way just to make this purchase.Mac Salad - Typical island mac.. peppery, sweet, & mayo-y.Rice - Super sticky to the point where the rice balls on my plate were a congealed mass of mush.Spam Musubi - Well, you can't mess up spam, but you can mess up the complimenting sauce and well, the sauce that was slathered between the spam and the rice did the spam musubi no justice.OVERALL:  Not worth another penny from my wallet.  Maybe it would've been better if it were drunk food.  Also, the people that work here weren't very friendly.  Not one person had a smile on their face.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
3	The food is fresh. The service is quick. The real star of the show though is the bar next door. If you love belting out tunes and sipping drinks, this cool karaoke bar is the place for you. The DJ, not only hosts karaoke but keeps the party going with current dance hits and a few classics. I definitely had a blast here. I will go back.
1	So unprofessional. Lady that I've never seen there before was talking about her personal business like she was at home. She was venting about something to the others. Her face was ticked off. Keep your personal issues at home and serve your customers!
5	Favorite Dinner... Kolbi Ribs (well done) w/ Macaroni... Service is good, says Hi John every time I come in to eat.  Love
1	ok first I'd like to start off by saying I've eaten here many of times and the food was alright, but this last visit was like I was on another planet! The girl that took our order was very unprofessional and didn't know what she was doing. We ordered simple breakfast foods such as pancakes and scrambled eggs and over easy eggs! Our food came out all wrong there was no over easy eggs and scrambled to this place means omelet style! Next there was no butter for my pancakes so I asked the girl if they had butter and she said for what? I said for my pancakes and she says you eat butter with your pancakes? Wait a minute! What happened to this place? Who doesn't it pancakes without butter, seriously? where was this girl from? what kind of new owners are these? Then in comes this lady who walks straight to the back talking LOUD like she was the owner or something (and I hope she wasn't cause that was just no way to enter this establishment) she comes out from behind with her food already made while customers infront of me were still waiting for there food shes already eating her food! This place is a JOKE! Never going back! Telling all my friends to stay far away from this place! Something went array with this place cause it use to be better service and friendly smiles BEFORE, now you get the sense that even the people who work there are unhappy and very unfriendly who wants that type of service! Cmon owners get your stuff together food and customer service or you will find yourself closing down without any patrons!
5	The food is amazing here :) I always have a great time time at the karaoke bar area.My top 3 dishes you must try -Adobo Omelette-Local Plate-Kula Pig and Cabbage  Proud sponsor of pLaYhOuSe basketball
1	Well . . . this is the place we had our first breakfast of 2014 . .. . if they had actual servers, it would've been great but they didn't.  The counter order taker person & the cook were the only ones there.  She left much to be desired in the way of service.  We ordered our food and when it did come, it was kinda like load and drop, they load up the tray in the kitchen then drop it at the table.  My husband ordered soup and asked for a 'TABLESPOON'.  I went to the counter to ask for a TABLESPOON & the woman brought out a LADLE . . . really?  I went back and asked for a tablespoon she said they didn't have any ... bs!  After about 3 minutes, she brought a TABLESPOON - imagine that!  In addition to that, we ordered the new banana pancakes breakfast, i asked if it came with eggs because the way it is on the menu, it's right under the breafast menu (with eggs), the counter person said yes it did, well when the food came for my grandkids, it was only pancakes of course, the counter person said oh no it's not a breakfast, strike 2 in 1 day!  Unfortunately, bad choice for my 1st breakfast of the year.  New year's day experience brought Aloha Kitchen from hero to zero in a matter of 2 hours!
4	Some of the best things about this place- Open Late- Cheap- Lots of decent eats- Service is pretty quick- Local Spots (won't get those damn obnoxious out-of-town peeps in this joint)The adobo fried rice omelette is pretty damn tasty but I don't see why they just can't make that as an option for the "rice portion" on any other dish. I would so pay extra to add that my bento box, loco mock, or breakfast i-log dish. That's my only complaint about this place. Hopefully they'll heed my advice and add it as an option to their menu.
1	I've been a loyal Aloha Kitchen customer for years. It's my favorite Hawaiian place ever since my college days UNLV days. It's cheap and really flavorful comfort food.However, tonight's visit is another story...I was enjoying my stir fry veggies with chicken plate, until I found a plastic object in my food.  I was 3/4th done with my meal, so I suppose there was no point in complaining about it. And it's an Asian (Filipino) establishment. I know I won't get much sympathy from the owners.. So instead here I am venting about it on yelp.This is the first I've experienced something like this from Aloha kitchen..Sooo disappointing. If I do come back, I'll make sure to check my food ahead of time from now on for foreign objects.
3	Aloha would always have earned a 4 for me in the past. But today, we ordered our usual corned beef hash dishes. The cornee beef serving was tiny. I guess they are trying to save money on their food now...
4	This is my favorite place to get hangover food...LOL. I usually get the adobo fried rice omelet. If you haven't had it you need to try it...it's delicious. The only thing is if you sit in the dining room the service isn't the greatest. Very slow.
3	Much better customer service @ the other locations.
3	This was decent comfort food from back home.  Not worth a special trip but, if you're in the area, it is pretty good.
1	The food was good but only if they gave you enough of it and when we picked up our to go order the girl in the pink shirt sneezed into her hands and without trying to wash her hand or anything she grabbed our food with her dirty hands.
3	Good grubbing of the island kine.We had a quick breakfast pick up here during a recent visit in Vegas with friends and ordered up a lot of food.Breakfast spread http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aloha-kitchen-and-bar-las-vegas?select=_A6eqibhsvixKCuL55KR6g#zJ1UnVQ_qWLwg_wxRC-UXA  We got the basics Portugese sausage and eggs, lots of Spam musubi!  You cant go to a place called aloha kitchen and not get musubi's!  These were of good size and a nice thick cut of spam unlike same places there the ratio is more rice than spam.Adobo fried rice http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aloha-kitchen-and-bar-las-vegas?select=_A6eqibhsvixKCuL55KR6g#7HB73c6cPjKml2mVyEt2kw  This was a pretty tasty omelette with lots of adobo inside.  Def a must get!I didn't actually go to pick up the order so I cant speak to how the place is.Eyes ~ Wow that is a spread!Nose ~ Smells Yum!.Ear ~ Everyone happy with the food.Mouth ~ These are all pretty ono!.Tummy ~ Full and ready for the day!
1	Rude. Unprofessional staff. Ruins the experience every time. And the food isn't that great to be a repeat customer.
5	Always eat here with friends. Amazing atmosphere, really cool service. Will never stop coming here. Lol whether it's really late at night, they still there to make you some food. Lol
5	*Saturday March 29, 2014....Aina Roots Birthday Bash with Live Performances by Bengali x Las Vegas Reggae AllStars Ft.Ryan & Iz frm HaleAmanO x Aina Roots...No Cover Charge....Doors 9pm...21+
5	Recently tried the Kalbi Ribs and they were so good and they give you a lot.  Macadamia Pancakes were bomb too.
2	If you're in the vicinity and you're itching for a plate lunch, this place will scratch the itch a bit.  IMHO, there are way better Island-kine food establishments in Vegas.  I stop in here because it's close to work, centrally located, and like I said, Aloha Kitchen helps scratch at that craving.  Last visit, I tried the beef curry stew, which I think was a special ... it was like a huge chunk of potato, couple pieces of carrot, and some stringy beef, with the requisite large scoops of rice and mac salad.  Not impressed.  Should have stuck with the tried-n-true adobo fried rice omelette.  Service is usually friendly and the wait is not too long.  A big plus is that the interior decor has been spiffed up considerably, the colors are inviting, and it seems much fresher inside.
3	This place was somehow strange to me. You order at the counter, sit down at one of their nice dining tables and then they hand off your food to you. Meanwhile, there's a fast-food beverage dispenser for your sodas, waters, and tea in the corner. The LCD displays for the menu is cool.It's like, "hey Anh, we like you and all but we're like a Roberto's that you get stuff yourself, but hey we'll deliver your food right to your table. Don't expect us to see you again to check on you." It's funny to me. It's a clean fast food restaurant, but with a "pick up your food and GTFO or here, please sit down in these nice chairs." Think Teriyaki Madness but it's small-business owned.  We ordered for two Loco mocos. What better way to cure a hangover by 3PM right? Loco moco missed the mark. Nothing to write home about. Like if I was in Vegas and you lived in San Diego as my facebook friend, I wouldn't be all, "DUDE. You have to try out this loco moco." Super plain. Not very well-seasoned. As soon as my knife sliced into it, the yolk was hard (barely runny at all). I want to see that over-easy egg's guts all over my rice. I felt cheated! Hamburger patty was too tough, which made it chewy than it should be. Not quite flavorful. I left feeling dissatisfied. Not hungry, just sad. Maybe I just wanted the rich heart-attack-inducing feel of a loco moco. The mac salad it came with was alright.I like how clean this place is. Really nice tables and chairs. I like the separate water dispenser from the soda machine. A nice take-out place sort of feel. Prices were about right for what it was.I don't really see what all the hype is about, but I think it deserves another chance.
4	I'm a big fan of Aloha Kitchen! The Decatur and Sahara location is definitely my favorite location that I go to because it's closer compared to the other locations that they have. The establishment is definitely clean, the staff is nice, and I've never had any major issues with their food.The pricing for their meals is pretty decent. You get a lot for what you order, especially for what I* order when I come here. I usually get the Local Plate. It consists of beef and chicken teriyaki, macaroni salad, two spam musubis, and rice. I don't know what they use for their teriyaki sauce but it's definitely my favorite. And one of the main reasons why I always come back here. The only reason why I didn't give them five stars is because I really don't like how I have to buy the drinks separately. I wish they came in as a combo with your meal or something. And also the quality sometimes of the beef and chicken is sometimes eh.. I sometimes would have more fat than meat in the beef AND chicken. No bueno. Other than that, I love place. Definitely will keep coming back for more.
4	I've eaten here twice now and love the food. The spam musubi and lumpias are great. Their poke isn't the best I've had but still decent and would order it when coming back but i wish it was available at all their locations.My only problem is bringing the kids here. While they love the burgers, they wont eat the teriyaki chicken because of the fat and the skin.
5	Me and my husband have been coming here for like four years now. & I can trully say I love everything I've tried.! My favorites plate is called Kalbi (ribs). It comes with like a sweet glaze you can pour over the ribs. of coarse I order extra macarroni salad! Why? Because it's delicious! The kalbi plate also comes with white rice and a small cabbage salad. I've also had the student special witch is teriyaki chicken on top of white rice. Yumm!My husband also orders the loco moco one of his favorites after he has had a few drinks. & ofcoare we can't forget the spam masubi. He has to have one of those everytime we go.I love how they remodel there Decatur location looks very nice & it's always clean! It has a very chill atmosphere. It's opened late and it's cheap. They also deliver & cater. They have a karaoke bar next door witch of the four years of us going there we have never been next door lol but everytime we are in the dinning area we can hear how the people at the bar are enyoing them selves.There staff is very friendly (they know us now lol) I highly recomended when you are in the mood to eat something good not expensive and just chill.
3	Stopped in on Friday night/Saturday morning around 1 am for some karaoke, since the place we were at closed early.Not too bad...I'm afraid I might have been a bit too intoxicated to really provide a very detailed review, but here's what I remember: Drinks:  Kind of expensive...$28 for 2 beers, and 3 well shots.  Karaoke:  fun...but the KJ had a pretty sizable queue, and sang 2 songs himself within about 7 minutes of each other.  As a KJ at other venues myself...you don't do that.  You don't sing in the queue unless you have less than 8 people singing.  Also, there is a sign on the KJ booth that says "2 drink minimum."  WHAT?  I know most people like to drink before singing, but what if your DD wants to sing?  Is it 2 drinks for the whole party?  Per person?  I don't get it...Staff:  awesome.  When they were closing down, my friend and I were waiting for our very drunken men to finish in the bathroom.  The staff didn't know this, and came over and said they were closing...when we said we were waiting on the boys, they started joking around with us about "what are they doing in there?" (to which my very clever friend said "Hopefully not sword fighting.")  They were gracious, and very nice.  I'd come back and give it another go...I'd like to find out more about the drink minimum for karaoke...
4	Ate here twice during vacation! The Loco Moco is one of the best! The Spam Musubi was perfect and at a good price! Definetly coming back!
5	This place has been around for years.... And I have been going for that many years!  BEST HAWAIIAN FOOD I've tasted here in Vegas.  Staff is SUPER FRIENDLY!!! As are All Hawaiians! Lol. But Loco Moco is AMAZING! Spam Eggs and Rice breakfast is yummy! Get lumpia.... Adobo fried rice omelette is amazing.... TRULY anything and everything you get you will love!!!
3	My favorite splurg is Hawaiian food. I thought is give this place a try. I ordered the chicken Terryaki plate. Although flavorful, they leave the skin on the chicken which has a lot of fat. I'm not a fan of it. The macaroni salad was ok but not amazing. The food did come out quickly and the customer service was great. But I'll stick to my other local favorite Hawaiian place.
5	Want the best Hawaiian islander Food????? GO TO THIS PLACE. I seriously love this place, Kalbi Combo is my dish. It's filling & so good. But i can munch on some spam musubi if I'm in a hurry. Customer service is great. Food is delicious. The best restaurant hands down.
4	Allways loved this place. This location is nice and looks like it was newly renovated. Very clean.Kalbi ribs are juicy and sweet.  Spam musubi are fav(:
5	I'm addicted to gravy so i always get the loco moco. Its basically a burger patty & 2eggs of your choice on top of the rice drenched with gravy!! Also have to try the lumpia shanghai. Service is fast eventho everytime we come here there's a line. :-)
1	The WORST customer service EVER! and here is why...1) I was at Aloha kitchen with my friends, and was trying to pay for my own entree.  Their fugly manager was asking me to pay for EVERYONE! and of course I said no.  Why would I? I am not Santa Claus and It's not even Christmas yet.  2) After I told her no I can't due to my financial hardship, she asked me to sell my bag that I was carrying with me.  (YOU DON'T FXXXING ASK YOUR CUSTOMER TO SELL THEIR BAG TO PAY FOR YOUR CHICKEN)3) Then, in front of my boyfriend and everyone, that fugly manager asked me to switch a boyfriend that would pay for everyone, and laughed.  (I WAS LIKE, "WHY DON'T YOU JUST SERVE YOUR FOOD FOR FREE THEN, BITCH!) 4) I told one of the guys that I will treat him a nice dinner next month because I am financially struggling these days.  And she told my friend to hang up on me if I ever call! (WHAT A BITCH!)I have never written a review before and I never thought I would ever write a review as horrible as this one.  BUT what I am writing here is the truth, and the truth is powerful.  The personality of the  manager at ALOHA KITCHEN is as hideous as her appearance.  Even though I was extremely disappointed and angered by her HORRIBLE service, now I pity her because she is just OH SO!! hideous inside and out.  SO!!! whenever any of you (who are reading this review) ever sees that fugly manager, you better be a BALLER and pay for EVERYONE you are with OR ELSE she will embarrass you to the MAX in front of everybody.GREAT JOB to the MANAGER at ALOHA KITCHEN! I will definitely spread the "GOOD WORDS"  :D
5	This place is SO AWESOME. After a late night, this is my next morning go to place (of course i've already had pho at the 24 hour place at 3am already so that's not an option). I ordered the spam musubi and adobo. The adobo is so tender and perfect. Even in california, I have trouble finding good filipino food , so you could probably get a sense of my excitement when I had this. The spam musubi is like any normal spam musubi. It might have a bit more rice than usual, but I just use it to eat the adobo. The food here is very inexpensive and is very good. I love this place! Such a gem inside this plaza.
4	First time at this location... I've been going to the Maryland Pkwy location near UNLV for many years. I like this one. Not cause there's a bar but It's actually not that far from the strip. Still not a short a drive as the other one but it almost seems like there are more options at this location on Decatur.My friends & I were starving for some local food one late Saturday night. We were coming from Bellagio and it was near closing time for the other location so we made a beeline for Decatur because it's open much later. This restaurant is located in an outdoor shopping plaza. There was plenty of parking.I ordered the lau lau and a side of spam musubi. Having come back from visiting Hawai'i a few months ago, I was really craving some authentic local grindz. Craving fulfilled... The pork lau-lau was good. It had good flavor. I just wish there was more of it than the serving had. I guess I really was hungry cause I scarfed the musubi and lau-lau in no time. Haha. My friends all liked what they ordered... I usually go for a bento box or local plate. Next time for sure.Service was friendly just like the other location. Pay and order at the counter. You get a number and they bring you your food, drinks and utensils. I look forward to going back to this location whenever I'm in town to not only check out the other menu items but to see the bar area... I know this is where Anuhea performed when she was in town. That's awesome..
5	First time here and it was Soooo good! I got the Kalbi combo and it was big and tastes great. The husband got the adobo omelet and he loved it. The cousin had the fried noodle saimin and she liked it. Everything was great. We will forsure return with friends...1
5	Forget the 2 hour wait at Bacchanal, what more could you ask for from Filipino/Hawaiian fusion. Unfortunately, my favorite Vegas day club had a wait time that did not fit within the time constraints of my day. My sister and cousin, mentioned Aloha Kitchen and I've always been wanting to try it, so why not that day.It's about 10-15 minutes from The Strip and especially for Out of Towners, it's worth the drive. The menu is more Hawaiian with a Filipino twist. The BF and I ended up trying 4 dishes: the Loco Moco, the Adobo Fried Rice Omelet, the Kalua Pig and the Banana Macadamia Pancakes. Not sure if it was the hunger, but everything tasted amazing.The Adobo Friend Rice Omelet did NOT disappoint. I did wish the omelet was a bit thicker because I LOVE eggs, nonetheless the flavor was on great. I did feel that it was a little TOO salty, but the BF, my sister and cousin disagreed. Everyone talks about the pancakes and now I know why. The pancakes are fluffy and soft and you really can taste the subtle flavor of the banana and the macadamia nuts perfectly topped it off. For all 4 dishes we paid half the price of one person at a buffet on The Strip. We enjoyed the food and got full.
5	Came back sober to make sure and the answer is yes the lumpia and teriyaki burger are both awesome sober and drunk
4	Usually when I come here Cyndel always takes my order and when she does, she is super friendly and nice. She always welcomes us. It's always nice to see her and I give her a 5 star. The reason why I gave a 4 this time is because another worker took our order & wasn't that friendly. Her & another worker didn't greet us & they were busy chatting away.
2	Two years later, the same concerns. I tried to order yesterday, as I was CRAVING some chicken katsu. I called, was asked if I could hold for a moment. Sure, I can wait.I can year as the cashier takes a customer's order, then another, then another, then ANOTHER. Then, picks up the phone and hangs it up. If they didn't want to take my order, they could have easily just said, "We don't want your money," or hung up on me straight away.Looks like I will be going to the other locations to satisfy my cravings, I'm too tired of being hung up on, being on hold long enough to drive to the location, wait in line, then give my order, or get back to work and having them forget to put in the sauce for my Chicken Katsu.No more disappointments from Aloha Kitchen on Decatur. You all should get some customer service training, or just keep doing what you're doing & hope your customers can forgive the inability to do what restaurants are supposed to do.
3	Open until 3am, so it's a top choice for late night Hawaiian Filipino fusion. Just make sure to get there before 2:30am, that's when the kitchen closes. We ordered the Loco moco $6.29, which was classically prepared: hamburger patty topped with a thick gravy and a fried egg all over rice. The hamburger meat was dry and the gravy was lacking much flavor. My boyfriend loves loco moco, but he wasn't happy with this version. I've came to the conclusion that I'm just not a fan of loco moco in general. I suppose I've just never had one that blew my tastebuds away. It's typically pretty bland with no real explosion or layers of flavor. I also can't get past the weird cornstarch gravy consistency. 2/5The chicken katsu plate $7.69, came with a generous portion of fried chicken with 2 scoops of rice, one scoop of macaroni salad and a side of katsu sauce. The chicken was super crispy and fried to a dark golden brown (no it didn't taste burned), it was actually pretty moist inside. I've had better katsu sauce, but it wasn't bad - it was simple and does the job. Other than that, I didn't have any real complaints with this dish. A great price for what you get. Just make sure you're prepared for the food coma afterwards, it settles like a brick in your stomach. 4/5The mac salad was simple, (just tatsted like mayo) but I enjoyed it. It went perfectly with the katsu plate. I ended up ordering an additional side for $1.99. The perfect bite: dip chicken katsu into katsu sauce, take a bite with rice and some mac salad all together... Perfect! 4/5The spam musubi $1.99, was about the length of a dollar bill and had a thin slice of spam (didn't even fill the length of the musubi), some sweet gravy-like-sauce, and a brick of rice held together by seaweed. There was a ton of rice, but I ate it carefully making sure that each bite actually got some spam and sauce in, and it was pretty good. 3/5
5	Food here is really good. You should get the pork fried rice omelet! That thing is huge and delicious!
5	Tried this place when I was in Las Vegas, and they have awesome food.  Their Kalua pig, and oxtail soup are awesome!! Very reasonable priced!  When in Vegas eat off the Strip, you get better food , at a far better value!  Will definately be back next time I am in Vegas!
1	How can I give you good reviews, Aloha Kitchen, if you no let me in?! They don't open at 8 even though yelp and their doors state that. They open and close whenever they want. Here at 815 and they told me they'll probably open in an hour. She told me this WHILE posting a sign that said "closing at 2pm." From the check in tips, looks like an ongoing problem.Boo.
5	I always get the bbq chicken. Service always serve with Aloha. We also got spam Mitsubi, banana pancake and Kalbi combo. Yum!
1	I come here often. Food is good and all but customer service is horrible. Specially over the phone. I made a pick-up order, got to the restaurant and one of my orders was not  included in the order. Girl taking my order implied that I did not order it over the phone. For the sake of argument I said it's okay just put in the order. She keeps implying that we didn't order it and that I am rude. I told her she shouldn't talk to their customers like that. She said she's been in customer service longer than I have lived. And kept saying I'm rude in Tagalog which is a Philippine dialect. Worst experience ever. And this was all happening in front of the manager and she just stood their. And did nothing. Very disappointed of the restaurant.
4	I've been here many times for lunch during work hours and today was no different. The people are not very personable. They take your order and that's really the only time you speak with them. I've had many different things from there because they do have some good food. The only thing I got this time was spam mitsubi. If you've never had it I recommend giving it a try.
4	Came here with friends. Filipino fusion food. Had the rice with corn beef hash. They ran out of Tapa. =/ Food was delicious after drinking all night before. First meal of my vegas trip.
5	Had a party bus take us straight to this place from our hotel, yep, that's right,..a party bus. Awesome people working there! Had great food and they had a Filipino street food service when we got there! Great place to grab some comfort food!
4	I'm a sucker for Hawaiian food, and the student special is by far one of the best values. The way the chicken is prepared makes it so delicious compared to other Hawaiian style Teri chicken. I simply can't get enough of it! I do despise the price of the musubi, at $2.50 a pop it's kind of ridiculous! Other than that the staff is always friendly and inviting. Food is prepared fast, but be weary of coming late at night. For some reason during night hours the rice seems like it's been sitting forever and is all mushy and disgusting. Great place for lunch and right down the street from my work!
5	Love this place. Can never go wrong with The adobo fried rice omelette . Tried the banana mac pancake and Ono too !
1	Every time I come here there out of a item I like , the tables are sticky as if they wiped them down with a dirty towel , soda machine is usually out of ice, or the rice is crisp like it's been sitting for ever I'm a islander so it's hard to find island food that's open late  now I have do deal with this
5	My favorite Hawaiian BBQ place. All I have to say is kalbi ribs and mac salad was a party in my mouth.  I'm a repeat customer now.
1	The worst place to ever order on the phone! They don't make it until you get there. What's the point of ordering in advance?
2	Spam musubi=goodChicken katsu=good Mac salad=okKatsu sauce=badCurry sauce=badI decided to order some food for pickup after work. Called my order in around 6:50, and it was ready when I got there about 7:10. I ordered the chicken katsu, with a side of curry sauce, and a spam musubi. I have to say the musubi is probably my favorite thing there. The katsu was crispy and hot, but I probably wouldn't order it again. It lacked flavor. The katsu sauce was weird tasting and the curry sauce was lumpy and had an off taste. The Mac salad was warm and tasted just like mayo. I have had much better Hawaiian food at L&L. I probably won't be back, unless it's for the musubi.
1	Tried it, hated it. I opened my food to check it, and there was hardly any sauce on it. I asked for a little side cup of the teriyaki sauce and was told that it would be 27 cents. I said it will cost you more to run my card for the charge than you are charging me, and this meat is dry to begin with. The "lady" told me, well it's 27 cents. I said that's fine, I will just go to your competitor next time. She said, "fine goodbye." I hoped that when I got home this would be delicious at least. It wasn't. The fish was gross, the chicken was dry, the shredded mystery meat was gamey. I would rather eat a nasty drive thru burger than this garbage again.
4	We are visiting from L.A. for my son's basketball tournament, and after spending a few hours at our hotel, we were looking for places to eat. We decided to go to Aloha Kitchen on Decatur blvd. At this restaurant,  there was great service along with some great food!  Today we got a delicious spam musubi,  kalbi (ribs) combo with chicken katsu, and the Local plate.  All was very tasty.  The spam musubi was awesome, good quality spam, warm rice, and fresh seaweed.  One of the best Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas!
5	The Sahara/Decatur location is my favorite local style Hawaiian diner/bar in Vegas. They have a lot of the "Local Grinds" I loved growing up in Hawaii....even poke on Fridays. Karaoke...live bands...UH Football parties during the season...it's just a little taste of Hawaii lifestyle in Vegas. Gotta love it
2	Long wait time, staff wasn't very friendly and a little over priced
5	One of my favorite places to eat. The adobo is just like grandma used to make. My mouth is watering just writing this.
4	For my Hawaiian fix, this is my spot. Fast, friendly service.  I usually get the fried saimin and add spam to it. yum. This visit I went with chicken katsu. For around $8 you get 2 chicken breast! Rice and mac salad. My boyfriend got the kalbi.  For dine in, they offer tent service.  They give you an order number then they deliver food to your table. Attached to the restaurant is a bar with karaoke, fun stuff. I like aloha kitchen way more than L&L.  Also the place is clean and they turn tables pretty quick when it is busy. Aloha!!! :-)
5	Simply the best! I visit Vegas once a month for work and I have to come here or l just doesn't feel complete. Can't go wrong with the Kalbi Combo!!! I can't believe this place doesn't have 5 star average...so underrated!
5	Aloha Kitchen is my go to for Hawaiian food even though it is a fat drive for me it is totally worth the drive, the food is awesome, customer service is even better, the restaurant is always clean, the seating is good. This place deserves 5 stars!!
3	Was craving for a late Hawaiian meal with my coworkers and ventured  across town to find aloha kitchen. I had ordered the loco moco and I must say, it's not the best thing I ever had. The hamburger steak was so dry and lack any kind of flavor, the gravy was ok.  Would I come back? Sure, the prices were decent and might be worth trying again if I get one of those late night Hawaiian food cravings.
3	Hyped by a coworker as her favorite place for Hawaiian cuisine, I made a point to stop by and order some of the dishes she'd suggested. My experience didn't live up to what I'd expected, but it wasn't awful either.Service was great, staff are friendly. Restaurant is clean. Didn't experience the bar.Opted for the Local's Plate (beef and chicken teriyaki, two musubi, sides of rice and mac salad) plus a lumpia app. I'm not the hugest fan of teriyaki and this was not one I would necessarily come back for, spam on musubi was thinner and less flavorful than what I've had at L&L, I preferred the lumpia I've had at actual Filipino places, and I'm generally not a fan of mac salad in the first place because of my aversion to mayo.The dishes weren't bad, they were just a little lacking in flavor and not the punch of flavor I'd expected. Would come back to try other dishes suggested: oxtail soup, adobo fried rice omelet, manapua, but I'm not in a hurry to do so.
3	i guess its more of the "hawaiian experience". With ...um...hip hop music and rap playing.... As a person from Honolulu, The atmosphere was nice. Reminded me of home, but  not the food. And the music made me feel like I just walked into a trap of Hawaii food, and the hood. The first time I was there I ordered the adobo. Not bad. That I can't complain about. Theres actually good rice that doesnt taste like it should be fed to a bird.
4	I usually drive down to Las Vegas to have a good time, gamble, walk the strip and eat at different restaurants but once in a while I get a craving for Adobo Fried Rice Omelette from Aloha and its just that good that I have to have some. Next time I'll try to try some other dishes that they offer but for now, Adobo Fried Rice Omelette is my favorite!!!
4	Gotta love Aloha Kitchen!! Today's customer service experience wasn't as good as I normally get any other time but that doesn't take away from the fantastic food!! I am a huge fan of the chicken katsu with extra teriyaki sauce but today I wanted to do the local plate which comes with teriyaki chicken, beef and two spam masubi's! Yum!! They are for the most part fast on the food and getting it out to you when you choose to dine in but today was extremely slow because there must have been a terrible discrepancy  in the customer before me had ordered! Which then cause our order to be put to the back! Short ribs are a really good choice as well! I will definitely be back so they can redeem themselves because today was less than average regardless of what's going on the customer service HAS to stay on point!
4	So I've never even seen this place before until I was invited to celebrate a birthday at happy hour with friends last night.  Whenever I'm going to a new place or restaurant I depend on my fellow yelpers to direct my path.  Will it suck or not?I must say I truly enjoyed the happy hour at Aloha Kitchen & Bar.  First of all the drinks are nice and strong and cheap (even past happy hour).  The atmosphere is comfy cozy - just what I like.  At that nice early hour of the evening we had our pick of seating.  There are comfy couches as well.  You have to go and get your drink for the most part - but who cares?  The bar tender sometimes doubled as the karaoke technician - again who cares?  When I was ready for my Patron shot - he was there to pour it.  That's all that mattered.  Everyone here was very accommodating to our mildly-wild group.  There are plenty of karaoke books and selection - even rap if you wanna get jiggy with it - and the dance floor is spacious as well.  I like the outside smoking area that is gated in a bit but you still can sit there with your drink and your smoke and not miss a beat to the party.Now the food!  Yum!!  That's right.  Yum!!! I had the Adobe Fried Rice Omelet, my daughter had the Teriyaki combo.  They were both phenomenal.  That Adobe Fried Rice is compact and delicious and full of goodness.  Check out the pics on Yelp!  It is the perfect meal after an evening of drinking!  Protein, carbs, meats - what's not to love?  I got it to go at the end of the evening and my intent was to save it for lunch at work the next day.  That poor yummy specimen barely made it to the next light!  This is a nice chill place, very nice prices and fun atmosphere on both sides.  There is a door that separates the restaurant from the bar side.  And remember the bar is non-smoking so you have to go outside in the sitting area to do that.  You will have a good time!
1	I've heard a lot of things about this place. The good and the bad, but all I seemed to get when I finally decided to give it a shot is the ugly. There was a long line with two working registers, but only one person working both. It was pretty sketchy because one register was only excepting cash and the other one only credit cards. It caused such an inconvenience and their system was very inconsistent. They had one other person behind the counter expediting and running out the orders. I ordered the local plate and the ahi poke. My friend had the kalbi and lumpia. This is the culmination of my very disappointing lunch: carbs doused is sugar with a side of protein. Everything was just so sweet. I am all about the balance between sweet and salty but damn what a shame! It was all too sweet for my liking. AND the poke! FROZEN in the center! It was just big cubes of frozen fish. Tuna is a beautiful protein and should never be frozen, any seafood in that matter. When I told them about it, they sent it to the kitchen and when it got back to me the plate was warm. They popped fish that was meant to be served fresh in the microwave. WHAT A SHAME! My friend's kalbi was too sweet as well. Good char but too much sugar. The lumpia was mediocre. I didn't care much for it. Also, the place was very dirty. It looked so unorganized and dusty behind the counter.Will I ever come back? That's a definite NO.Would I ever recommend it? HELL NO.
2	The chicken teriyaki was very fatty and mostly dark meat. The sauce seemed to have a lot of cornstarch or other thickening agent. It's open late, has low prices, and has relatively fast service.
1	Would never easy here again.  Food is horrible.  The rice was microwaved.  What kind of retardant does this.  Who stores cooked rice in a fridge and warms it up in a microwave when some orders food?  And you can tell a lot of stuff was reheated and not cooked fresh to order.  The discoloration of chicken,  beef,  or pork is a dead give away.  I use to love this place.  Food use to be great till about 2006 or 2007. Then it just horrible now.  Rather eat fast food over this place.
4	Aloha Kitchen is an awesome place to try some awesome food. Their extended hours make it convenient for us night owls in the city. The staff is always awesome and the food is as well. It's only getting 4 stars, though, because I had gotten a bone in my teriyaki chicken the last time I went and it just creeped me out.
1	I don't normally write bad reviews but this really got me irritated. I came in on my lunch break and ordered a Sesame Chicken Salad and waited 40min while everyone who came in after me got their food. I called to speak to a manager and they claimed there was none. Awesome, so no one runs this place? On top of it after getting my salad and getting back to work to eat it the chicken was raw. That's disgusting. Never coming here again.
1	The food is not the issue here at all.  However, in the Bar/Karaoke area there is a security guard named Ron (Ronnie).  He is by far the rudest, most unprofessional person I have come in contact with in years, and he covers in the absence of mgt.  Because of him, we will not be returning.  We have held several gatherings this year alone and until he is sent back to school to further his education in manners, customer service and management skills we will not be returning.  We have always had a great time there and have been coming for over 6 years, but this guy has made it unbearable.  I hope management sees this and makes some adjustment, because we wont be returning till there has been a change with him.
3	I've been spoiled and tainted by Hawaii. I LOVE my Hawaiian food and this place was pretty good for the mainland. I have to say though, that I have yet to find a Hawaiian joint that taste like over there. I blame my family in Hawaii for their wonderful cooking and for bringing me to the best places ever when I visit. The spam musubi was okay, not great and not bad, just okay. I ordered the adobo fried rice omelette. It was huge! I ate maybe half of it and I have a big appetite. It was good, however the meat was a little dry. Service was great and I definitely would come back to try the other entrees.
4	As good as its gonna get for mainland cookin Hawaiian food. Not gon complain cuz I get my kimchi and sticky rice, not like that minute rice they have at other joints. Smh.
5	Aloha kitchen and bar My friend ordered the Portuguese fried rice Omlet. He said it was good and tasty. He said it was a large portion for a single person. The rice and eggs were cooked properly.I ordered The local plate. It had Terry beef and chicken, Mac n cheese, 2 spam musubi. This was a lot for one person. Everything was tasting. The chicken and beef were great. Both were moist and juice. The 2 spam musubis were filling. Drinks are Pepsi flavors with free refills. The parking is shared with other business. But there's plenty of parking available. There is Music playing is low, not to loud but you can hear it in the background. Modern theme style decor with bamboo accents.  There's a TV but it wasn't on. I would recommend this place to my friends and family if they're ever in Vegas. I'll be coming back here once I come back to Vegas.
2	Long story short, after a short discussion with an employee, who kept coming back and forth to my table while I was waiting for my food, she informed me that her manager said I was asked to leave because I couldn't provide proof or paperwork stating that the dog I had with me was, in fact, an actual service dog. Clearly the manager of this restaurant doesn't know that a service animal and their handler are protected against the Federal Law and that a person with a service dog may voluntarily present any proof but is NOT required to do so and you may not insist on proof or ask a person to leave because they could not, or would not, present any paperwork. In the end, they noticed, as I pointed out, the card on the do/ vest stating that rule and she left. 2 stars because the food was good and the other cashier was friendly, but overall, very irritated that a manager doesn't know the laws and even I myself, who was once a manager elsewhere, knew that.
2	Long story short, after a short discussion with an employee, who kept coming back and forth to my table while I was waiting for my food, she informed me that her manager said I was asked to leave because I couldn't provide proof or paperwork stating that the dog I had with me was, in fact, an actual service dog. Clearly the manager of this restaurant doesn't know that a service animal and their handler are protected against the Federal Law and that a person with a service dog may voluntarily present any proof but is NOT required to do so and you may not insist on proof or ask a person to leave because they could not, or would not, present any paperwork. In the end, they noticed, as I pointed out, the card on the dog's vest stating that law and she left. 2 stars because the food was good and the other cashier was friendly, but overall, very irritated that a manager doesn't know the laws and even I myself, who was once a manager elsewhere, knew that..
3	Now this place is good for good food for a decent buck. I usually get the teriyaki chicken bowl and for 3.99 it's actually pretty good. But I tried their chicken adobo this morning and it was the worst chicken adobo I have ever had. There was no sauce at all. The plate was drenched in oil. The adobo was so goddamn old and the meat was fucking disgusting. Now listen, I'm not bashing Aloha Kitchen, I still think that they have a decent selection of food for a fair price. Go to this place, and try anything else, I'm sure you will enjoy it! But whatever you do, stay away from the adobo.
1	POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!at the register a guest asked to exchange his order. He was told once the order is out they don't take it back. When our order came the chicken Katsu was obviously burnt hence the darkness of the coating. When my daughter-in-law took it back they told her "it's because of the oil" she ask for a refund they offered her to exchange. She declined. The cook remembered her when she returned a plate of chicken katsu that was still pink inside. Proceeded to tell the cashier if they  refund her she will no longer be serviced there. Once I ordered a dish when it came I advised the cashier it wasn't what I ordered and she stood there disagreeing with me. She wouldn't correct my order. Very sad customer service.
4	I've never had any kind of islander food but this was amazing. Fast and very tasty. Most defiantly coming back.
