5	Went here based on the referral of a friend and couldn't have been happier with this place.  It's over near the Triple C Brewing Company at the south end of Southend.  Real cool vibe when you walk in - lots of different styles of bicycles and gear.  They even have cool earrings made out of things like bottle caps and small bicycle parts.  As an old codger, I'm not nearly cool enough to comment on all the coolness so I'll stop there.My wife wanted me to womanize her Cruiser bicycle as a Christmas gift.  Yes, a Cruiser is already a womanly bicycle.  But she wanted to womanize it even more by getting one of them big ole baskets on the front.  Sorry, I've just yet to see a guy on a bicycle with a big basket on front.  Not counting Pee Wee Herman of course (or were his baskets on the back?)This is all in an effort to continue the evolution to car-less-ness.  This way, my wife can bike to the store and farmer markets for groceries and produce - she's like a yellow belt on her way to eco-warrior status.  The Cruiser also only has three gears and it's hard to go up hills.  I had to get that remedied as well.But I don't have a clue about bicycles and John, the guy working here, was great.  He got everything done in one week, well before Christmas.  Price seemed very reasonable too.  Everything including a tune-up was around $100.Thank you John and Spoke Easy!
5	I went here after visiting other bike stores and seeing a lot of mountain and road bikes, and that wasn't what I wanted. I wanted a bike I could ride around town in, so my friend from Chicago told me to check out Linus bikes. I found this store through their website and went to pay them a visit. They weren't douchebags at all and helped me figure out what bike to get. I went to some other bike stores and they were full of some pretty douchey dudes. That's all I'm sayin'.Anyway, I ended up ordering the Linus Roadster Classic, and ordered front brakes to be installed on it because it's a coaster brake and I'm a nervous person so I wanted the extra brake. Didn't take long at all and since I bought the bike through them I get two free tune-ups. Jon was really great with everything and even helped me install the bike rack on my car. If you need a bike, and aren't looking to win the tour de france, I would recommend you check these guys out first. Apparently they also do yoga here as well but let's be honest I'm far too lazy to check it out.
5	I gave The Spoke Easy a call upon suggestion from a buddy who said I should look nowhere else. I pretty much knew what I wanted but wanted to discuss it and make sure. John was extremely helpful and is a good guy. The store is cool and laid back like a place you'd want to hang out. I picked up my Surly Cross Check on Thursday, fully built and ready to ride. Since then I've been making up excuses to take rides and even rode so hard on Saturday that I vomited. I might have been hungover, but I still couldn't resist the fun. I've been riding a cruiser for so long that I'm loving a bike with better performance. I get two free tune-ups, so I look forward to going back and suggest you check them out if you need a bike or bike maintenance.
5	I was visiting from out of town and always try and swing by local bike shops when in a new place. The Spoke Easy was by far the best one I saw this trip. Awesome selection of products and a super friendly staff. Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
2	I bought a tune-up for my bike a few months ago.  Yes, the people are hipster and so is the vibe, but the tune-up was only mediocre.  My brakes are still maladjusted so I am going to have to take it elsewhere.
5	Great local shop. Small selection of items, which is my only knock. They can basically order anything you want though, which helps. Very skilled staff- all passionate about bikes. Had a custom bike built there and I'm very happy with it. Great way to support the local economy.
