4	Like Stuart, I was attracted to the sub deal of 2 pounds. It's a small little place, nothing really to write home about. Clean place, staff are friendly and my sub was satisfying and fresh.  I went for the houmous, olives and diced peppers - I suppose a safe choice- and was not disappointed, although I would have prefered a few more bread options. As far as quick bite places go this gets a thumbs up.
4	Just a few doors down from my work sits a small, unassuming cafe. From the footpath, all that indicates it's there is the all too familiar 'Illy' coffee sign that protrudes from and adorns many good coffee houses...and yes, this is a good one!My review in this instance focuses on 2 elements; the ability of the staff to produce a good, consistent flat white and the friendliness and attentiveness of said staff. I'm pleased to announce that on both fronts, I cannot fault...excellent in fact. Yes I have rated 4 rather than 5 stars, but this is purely on the fact that I've only ordered coffees to date...but have made a pact with myself to venture past beverages and finally have lunch there, so I hope 5 stars are a'coming!
4	Ok, I've now eaten here quite a few times and have not had a bad meal. They're consistently good and the coffee, I'm pleased to report, still up there with the better 'non barista' made ones. As I've said before, 9 times out of 10 those cafe's using Illy coffee make a great brew.
5	The best sandwich cafe around. Ask Kev for some ciabatta options and he'll throw you some mouth watering crackers!!! I stand by my original assessment that the Parma ham (or chorizo), jarlsberg, rocket, olive oil, balsamic and chutney ciabatta the best of the best!Oh yeah, the soup is homemade and sells out quickly so get there early to avoid disappointment.
5	All good are now taking lunch orders via twitter so that you are ready to collect when you want.  This really is a great wee sandwich place and they are so nice and mix and match the sandwich fillings to give me more veggie options.  And then top them off with fresh rocket and olives, delicious. Oh and you must try the home made coleslaw which is pink from the red cabbage :0)
