3	Doesn't always "nail" it every time. We have been to this nail salon a few times and it can be hit or miss. Sometimes they are friendly and thorough and other times...well, not so much. I don't understand how one time you feel like you got such a great pedicure and the next time you feel like they just went through the motions and you just got a polish change. Hmmm.They did, however,  just get brand new foot spa chairs that are really nice! The place is pretty clean and bright. They usually have plenty of staff on so walking in is always easy without an appointment.Overall it is a decent nail salon in the Henderson area. First choice is a solid  second or third choice for me!
4	I have been coming here for YEARS. This salon recently changed owners, I loved the old owners, so friendly, and their whole staff was great! The new and present owners I can't say much about, seeing as they don't interact as much as the past owners did. Good news is that the new owners did keep some of the old staff. Yesterday, 01/22/12, I went in for my appointment at noon, which i noticed they were packed, they were even having to turn people away because they were so busy, so beware of weekends it may be smart to make an appointment if possible.
1	I have been going to First Choice for years, a very long time.The original owners were kind... The attitude of the owner Lilly is arrogant and can't be bothered. Sue is my go to gal. This last experience was horrific. My nails look no way professional, the service this last time was unacceptable. Going back will not happen. If you do want to see a great person there Holly is awesome.For me, I will be blessed with a new nail place that will be gracious and kind to have my service... Where the people are happy to be doing a service that makes you feel beautiful and uplifted.I wish them to be aware that being unkind and harsh is no way to treat paying customers ever.Angela
4	This is always my first and only choice nail salon. I have been going to TOMMY for years. The product and quality is awesome! The service is great, facility is clean, and it is extremely affordable!! The staff is sweet but I prefer TOMMY or HOLLY!! I have tried many salons in Nevada but I choose first choice because the product they use is wonderful!!!
4	GIRRRRRRL. I ain't never had my feets did before, but this place was really cool to start me off. Yes. I am a grown woman who has never had a pedicure. I am a unicorn -- well, WAS.  I chose a black gel spa pedicure, and it was $45. I have no comparison, so I guess the price was okay. I really liked how the woman who did my pedicure was really understanding been I asked her not to buff my feet too hard. I run too far to develop callouses all over again, and it would suck if I had to start all over. The massage chair was decent. It smelled like nail products (naturally), but they had flat screen tv's set to the food network, and free wifi.I'd go again.
5	Amazing!  I needed a last minute pedicure for an event.  They gave my husband and I great pedicures even though they had closed 15 minutes prior.  They went above and beyond great customer service!
5	I'm sitting getting a pedicure right now!  They are always busy, but will always find a way to fit you in for what you need. I go to Lynn and I love her!!   They take their time and I really feel like I'm being pampered. :)
5	Got a pedicure done by Henry and gel nails too I love it they do a really good job here and massage your feet and arms. Clean place and friendly staff. The receptionist sienna was really nice too!
5	My manicurist Holly is the best!  She makes me look and feel beautiful when I leave .  Scheduling an appointment is a breeze!  They are always wiling to work around my busy work schedule .  Holly and first choice nails rock
5	Susan is the best I love her and this nail place is awesome been coming for more then a year and I won't go any place else
5	Love love love love this place. So nice and willing to work with you!! Never had someone do a bad job. Always top quality. Price is good for how awesome this place is.
5	Everyone is very friendly. Call ahead they can get busy. They make you feel special even when you look like a hot mess. I won't go anywhere else. I had gel nails done and the hand massage is always a nice extra touch. I never feel rushed and always tip well for their hard work.
4	I've been going to this place for some time now. The staff is friendly & inviting. Whenever I go in to this nail salon I show them a picture on pinterest of how I want my nails & they try their best every time! Great attitude & friendly atmosphere.
5	I've been going here for a few years now on and off. They are the only salon I've gone to that really does a good job. They are very sanitary, friendly, and reasonably priced.
5	Love it here.  So clean and affordable.  Everyone's work is consistent.  Location isn't the best for me but the selection of products and cleanliness are worth the drive.
5	They are really friendly and patient. The lady that did my nails took get time and was very articulate with her work.
5	Go here for a great nail experience!  I get gel nails and I have been highly impressed every time! I saw Mai and she was excellent!
5	Great place always busy but usually no problem to get you in I try call first.  They do GREAT nail art and pedicures I go to LeeLee or Hannah.  Open everyday and everyone always nice prices are great
5	I got a pink and white full set today by Tommy and I have to say he's awesome. He was quick did everything I asked him to do and did an amazing job. I am super picky about my nails and how they look and I have to say they meet my expectations. No bumps in the arylic and no air bubbles in the top coat. This will be my go to guy for nails from now on!
