4	I was headed to a computer lab around lunchtime today when I noticed the building lit up at the edge of Schenley Park in Oakland -- was it open?  Having seen the construction progress along throughout the spring and summer months, I was anxious to sit down and give this brand spanking new restaurant a try.First surprise: it is NOT a full-service restaurant.  When I walked in, I was promptly greeted and two hostesses handed me a menu.  They directed me to go to the register when I was ready to order.The menu looked fresh, seasonal, and original, and consisted of salads, sanwiches, soup, and wood-fired pizzas.  All of the sandwiches come with either greens or crispy taters with curry ketchup -- more on that later.  I finally settled on a sandwich -- The Roasted Pig -- pork roast, carmelized onions, ricotta, and red pepper aioli, and I wanted to try both of the sides so I asked for the greens and paid for a side of the crispy taters.  In all, my meal was around $13.  If I had gotten anything to drink other than water I imagine it would have topped $15.  They gave me a number with my order, as they bring the food to your table.Second surprise: The "water bar."  I just wanted water with lunch and the girl who took my order pointed me towards a spot on the bar with two larges containers of water -- one with cucumbers and one with lemon.  You can help yourself to all you like of either.  The flavored water was a nice touch.The Porch is seat yourself, and I found a table with a great view of the park and a bench seat -- it was roomy and comfortable.I waited about 10 minutes for my food to arrive, and the greens looked fresh and bright, the bread was crisp and chewy at the same time, and the potatoes looked divine.First thing to try: the greens.  They were tasty and clearly very fresh, if a little bit on the salty side.  I'm not sure WHAT they are tossed in, but it was light and tasty.  (I hate when I go to a restaurant and they give me OLD greens/lettuce in my salad, it is such a huge turnoff!)  Next: A bite of those potatoes.  The crispy taters weren't exactly what I expected them to be -- the work tater put "tater tots" into my brain, but these were fresh, small potatoes, diced kind of like homefries and seasoned.  And on the side was the curry ketchup.  Let me preface this by saying that I LOVE curry: the curry ketchup is GENIUS!  The curry gives a little kick of spice and a something extra to the ketchup, and the seasoned potatoes, while good by themselves, were really something special with a dab of the curry ketchup on them.  Note: If you're not a fan of curry, you CAN request regular ketchup.And then my sandwich: I can't claim it was a flavor explosion in my mouth, but the bread was toasted just the right amound and the onions were sweet and tasty.  The pork was flavorful and the texture was spot-on.  It wasn't really messy, althought the last couple bites kind of fell apart a bit and the cheese didn't stay on the sandwich well...  Speaking of which, I couldn't really taste the cheese (although the type of cheese on the sandwich was a mild one), so the one thing I would change if I were making the sandwiches would be to use a sharper, "stickier" cheese that would also help hold the sandwich together.Someone came by and refilled my water glass several times throughout my meal and another person took my plate away when I was done eating.  The staff was friendly and attentive and no one acted like they were just there to do a job.  While I didn't have any alcoholic beverages, there was a beer and wine list and The Porch also makes fresh seasonal soda to order.Overall, a nice place, and definetly somewhere I would take a friend for a casual lunch.
4	Great atmosphere...bright and light!There is a porch you can sit on with a fireplace.  Not full service at lunch but is at dinner.  Our group decided to try a few different things and share. The Porch has a brick oven so many items are cooked in the oven, so we had a Margarita Pizza that was delicious.  The Calamari was very good and come with some fried zucchini bits.  The Duck leg was cooked perfectly and the porchetta was large and had a nice spicy flavor.  Was told the turkey sandwich was good, but was to full to consume any.  The staff was friendly and very attentive.The Porch has some craft/micro-brews, wine and some homemade soda. Looks like a great place to stop and have a brew and sit by the fireplace!
5	Tried it out on opening day - they had lots of staff to help with the ordering process (order when you come in, then get a number and go sit down), the entrees and prices were pretty good, and the food was excellent, especially the potatoes! I think the price is a tiiiiny bit high for Oakland students, but it was really tasty and worth it - and they have a limited but great beer selection (both local and regional beers) as well. Definitely a place I would come for lunch or an after-work drink, and it looks great as well!
4	It was opening day today, so I got a pizza to go. The pizza I ordered was called a "Harvest Pie", and the description says that it has "Roasted fall vegetables, mozzarella cheese, bread crumbs & fresh basil".Given their stated commitment to using local produce, I assume that at least some of the vegetables were locally grown, but I didn't ask.The pizza was very good, but at $12, it was quite pricey for its size (somewhere around a typical pizza place's "small" size). The lunch menu in general runs about $8 to $12, though, so they're not meant to be ultra-cheap like a lot of the other places in Oakland.I probably won't go here very often on my meager graduate student stipend (I usually just pack a lunch) but it's great that there's a bright, clean, reasonably-upscale restaurant in such a nice, centrally-located spot.
5	The Porch is Eat 'N Park's newest upscale restaurant, after the success of Six Penn.  Huge windows face Schenley Plaza with none facing Club Hillman--I dig.  Clean, modern chateau feel that makes me wish there was an ice skating rink on the lawn.  Alas...For lunch, you order and take a number.  For dinner, it's full service. The lunch menu ranges from $7-14 for an entree.  The grilled cheese was made with cheddar and thick thick bread--I approve!  It also came with the day's soup  so that's probably the best value on the menu.  To compare: $7 here with soup and  $5.99  for a grilled cheese with no soup at Hemingway's.  The chopped salad (pulled chicken, feta, carrots, cucumbers, sprouts with honey dijon) was super fresh...only romaine lettuce here!  The chicken was perhaps slightly drier than I preferred, but it is pulled chicken.  The server was very nice when I asked for no tomatoes.At the beverage bar, the water is in jugs with lemon or cucumbers, which is a small detail I like.  It looks pretty and helps me forget I'm still in Oakland.The wine list looked fine, but I was interested in the brews.  Like the food, it's all local:  Penn, East End, Great Lakes, plus one seasonal at $5 each.  Only one thing kept me from the beers--the craft cocktails.  I ordered an "Almost" Arnie.  Having just returned to The 'Burgh from an extended stint in the South, I was prepared to be disappointed.  But, nope!  This Arnie is The Porch's own Limoncello and fresh brewed iced tea with mint: sweet but not too sweet, the mint was properly muddled, and the tea was strong.  I loved Arnie...it will be a July wedding for the two of us.Like others have said and will continue to say, the food is expensive for Oakland.  You either want to pay extra for better food or you don't.  However, the drink prices are great for the quality.  If I can have a $5 microbrew that I want here or a $4 Miller Lite that I don't want at any other bar in Oakland, then I'll pay the extra dollar.NOTE:  There are no reservations taken, but you can put yourself on their online wait list and skip the line when you arrive: http://www.theporchatschenley.com/waitlist.aspx.WIFI NOTE:  You can pick up Pitt's wifi from here.  Wine while I work?  Yes, please.
3	First off, I loved the atmosphere and layout of this restaurant so much that I knew I would be coming back again and again! I ordered pretty boring things, so I don't feel it's fair for me to rate the food entirely. I did try my friend's dishes and really enjoyed the duck as well as the roast beef sandwich. I was also a big fan of their crispy taters! I'll definitely be back again!
3	I want to preface this by saying that I really wanted to love this place!  The atmosphere is great.  I love the "nature-y" and open feel of the place.  It's comfortable and trendy.The water is absolutely delicious!  It might be worth it just to go back for the water in all honesty.My meal on the other hand left a little to be desired. I decided to order the Veggie Burger.  I am assuming that they make their own veggie burgers in house.  It was the single worst veggie burger I've ever had in my life.  It was possibly the worst sandwich I've ever had.  It had the consistency of firm oatmeal and even had a faint cinnamon taste.  It was topped with the absolute worst sun-dried tomatoes I have ever had.  I could not finish it and I will never ever order it again.  Luckily, I ordered potatoes as my side dish.  The potatoes were fantastic.  The texture and buttery-herb taste was absolutely delicious.  I really enjoyed the ketchup too!  All in all, I want to try this place again.  I will try the pizza next time but do yourself a favor and NEVER get the veggie burger.
3	Very very decent. My friend had the burger and I the piggie pizza. I'm a super fan for cured meats so no surprise I loved the prosciutto. Apparently they cure in-house which impressed me. (They train their servers well to sell the place). Best things on the menu need to be the skilet cornbread and the pork belly (but come on it's literally impossible to mess up pork belly). Their beer selection is decent too though not extensive. I'll definitely go back again!
4	I went again recently and got the grilled cheese sandwich with the soup of the day, which was butternut squash. The grilled cheese was good--crispy, nice-quality bread with cheddar--but nothing fancy. Kids would like it. The soup was hearty and filling, and its portion was larger than what I was expecting.The Porch supposedly makes it a priority to use local produce, so I assume that the butternut squash soup was probably made with local ingredients. They didn't specifically advertise the source either way, though. It would be nice if they had some way of indicating the source of their ingredients, I think--I don't make a huge deal out of it, but it IS a selling point for me if I'm eating something local and in-season. They're missing out by not pushing that aspect of their business more.At $7, the grilled cheese is the cheapest "lunch meal" on the menu, and between the generous sandwich and the large cup (or small bowl?) of soup, it was pretty filling for the price. And of course, the water bar's flavored waters are always great!
4	What a great new spot to get some lunch.  First, and foremost, this place has an excellent atmosphere.  Defiantly one of the trendiest little spots in Oakland.  I took my sister out to lunch here, and I left feeling in love with the place.  I really cannot describe the coolness of this place in words, so I am going to stop trying.  The food.  Very, very good.  I got a salad, and my sister got a turkey sandwich.  Both were very yummy.  This place is a little pricey, but I guess they have to pay for the cool atmosphere somehow.  Like I said, food was very good.  My salad had candied pecans, vegetables, and yummy goat cheese.  I finished that plate off real quick.  My sister's picture perfect turkey sandwich, which came with field greens, disappeared rather quickly.  It had capers and this cranberry sauce on it.  It was very different and very good. I defiantly would recommend this place for lunch.  I want to go back and try their pizzas, so if anyone's looking to go, I will drive ;).  They also look like they have an actual "sit-down" dinner menu that looks pretty appetizing.  Like I said, pick me up, and we will make a night out of it.
4	Not gonna lie, I'm super shocked that this place is owned by Eat'n Park, which is one of my least favorite eating establishments on the face of this earth. But I'm definitely glad that this place popped up in Oakland rather than the traditional Eat'n Park that was rumored to be planned for the location. I'm also thankful that the building is well-designed and doesn't look like an ugly eyesore in the middle of Schenley Plaza. So while I wish that the space had been left empty and full of nice green grass, it is what it is and at least The Porch has some pretty decent food to show for it.It is an odd location. I don't think the average broke college student is going to be too excited about $8 margaritas and $20 duck drumsticks. Questionable business plans aside, I really enjoyed my dinner here. The calamari with zucchini straws was perfect! Tentacles included (my fav, I'll fight for those!) so you know it's the good stuff, and it came with lots of lemon wedges and a homemade marinara sauce. It's like they read my mind! I also was in love with the pork belly with pumpkin and fennel...so autumnal! The dish was pretty greasy but hey, it's a chunk of pure animal fat, so what's a little bit of extra grease, really? Other than that it was ridic tasty. The homemade soda was also fabulous though it would definitely taste better with vodka (why do they only have two cocktails on the menu? and one is tequila-based? bummer).The one part of my meal that fell short was the Rieger Pork Soup. The concept is perfection--french onion soup with pork. Where could that go wrong? Unfortunately, the soup was completely devoid of flavor. Once I dumped half the salt shaker in it, it became edible, but the main problem was that the onions were not caramelized at all. Topped with a bland slice of cheese, it was the only disappointment of my meal.I do have to say, all the raves about the atmosphere are kind of off. I could imagine it being a great lunch spot with all the natural light coming through the windows, but at dinnertime, the lights were WAY too bright. The cheap cafeteria vibe (or should I say, Eat'n Park vibe) was totally offputting and an inappropriate match for the sophisticated food. Otherwise, the space is cute, cozy, and well-utilized. Install a dimmer on the lights and I'll be back for sure!
4	I adore this place! It's my  new favorite lunch spot. The restaurant space is open and inviting; I love looking out the huge picture windows onto the fields of Schenley Plaza, even in these dreary winter months.The service is fast and friendly. Even when the place is packed with people, we get our food served quickly.And most importantly, I really enjoy their food. I've now sampled a bunch, and although some dishes stand out more than others, everything is at least very good. I especially loved their daily soups -- I've tried the squash soup and the cauliflower-apple soup, both seasonally comforting and satisfying; I've tried their fig/goat cheese pizza, which is delicious; and I've tried some of their sandwiches, which are also very tasty.  I like that they use fresh, good quality ingredients, and I like their no-fuss preparation of the food. Finally, their house sodas have fun and refreshing flavors (like straberry ginger and cucumber mint).For a quick bite place, their price is a tad higher than, say, your local Panera, but I think the quality of the food and the dining environment justify the premium.
4	Came here for brunch, with mixed expectations - yes, they're owned by the Eat'n Park Hospitality Group and I was half-expecting it to just be an upscale Eat'n Park. I am so happy to have been proven wrong.The atmosphere could be described as... maybe modern home kitchen? The top 40 radio station was playing, the art on the walls was a little kitsch, the bar/oven area reminded me of a newly remodeled kitchen. The garage doors which are just begging to be opened out into the porch area, with its outdoor fireplace, fit in nicely.The servers, as I'm sure with many newly opened places, are over-eager and super friendly. They get to wear a casual, comfortable uniform in a great environment so I don't blame them for being so happy. Our waiter was trying to get some kind of information out of us - have we been there before (no), were we celebrating anything (no), were we from out of town (no - we work in Oakland), were we doing anything special today (going to the Museums, maybe)? I was kind of pressured, in that friendly Pittsburgh way, into getting a Mimosa, but I didn't regret it. It was decent for $8 and so was my husband's Bloody Mary. I've included a photo.Upon looking at the menu I immediately knew that I would absolutely have to come back for lunch or dinner, and brunch, again. So many things I wanted to try - word to the picky brunch eater though, the menu doesn't go into much detail. For example, I got the Chorizo and Eggs (which were pretty good) - I should have realized they were going to be super cheesy. If you're avoiding anything in particular in your diet, absolutely ask first, they'll be happy to help.That said, though, it was amazing. Their potatoes are the best I've had in a long time. I really appreciate that they give you the little crunchy bits that higher-end restaurants don't want on a plate for presentation reasons, but they're the best part. They were perfectly cooked and came with an interesting house-made ketchup.Husband got the quiche, which I didn't try because I was too busy devouring my own food. He said that the crust was excellent, and the filling (mushroom and swiss today) was good. It came with a small side salad, but honestly it was just mixed greens with a light dressing and not at all appealing. The ratio could use some adjusting - it was a small slice next to a big pile of greens. But he also got a big boat of those amazing potatoes to go with it.If you've gotten breakfast at an Eat'n Park before you know they give you WAY TOO MUCH butter. They do the same here, too, but it just made me wish I had more of that amazing grilled farm bread. They give you such small slices - I would pay to get more if I knew they were going to be so small, just to use up more of that butter. Everything is made in-house here - the dangerously delicious honey butter, the amazing fruit jams (today's was blueberry and I wanted to eat it with a spoon). They even make their own seasonal sodas.For two people, with two drinks, two entrees, and the aforementioned boat of potatoes came to $40 pre-tax and it was pretty much worth it. I'll give them another star if they hit it out of the park for a dinner.Things I would like to see as they grow more comfortable:- An expanded cocktail menu on a seasonal rotation.- Less overbearingly friendly servers. Sorry guys.- Please please please start a late-night half-price! Come on, it's Oakland, that's what the restaurants are known for - it's good competition.- Turn off the top 40 music, I'm sure there's something more appropriate out there.- Even though it's very borrowed, keep with the current dishtowel napkins (exactly like Meat & Potatoes) and glass milk jug serving carafes.
3	Disappointed that the staff weren't able to seat a party of ten together. We ended up at a booth and a table, which meant we couldn't talk to each other during the meal. There seemed to be plenty of space in the dining area to put a few tables together. Otherwise, the service was good and the food was fine. We tried the pizza bianca and pizza Margherita, which were well put together and presented. They were out of two of the desserts we wanted (NY cheesecake and pot-de-creme) so we just got coffee and a cappuccino.
5	This place is great. Totally fits an unfilled market in Pittsburgh. It's unique with a nice atmosphere. You can either get something quick or sit down to some pretty unique meals. AND they serve alcohol. THe prices are really reasonable too for the amount and quality of the food. So whether you want to grab a quick bite or sit down with a date or some friends, this is a nice place to try out. Bonus: THe fireplace outside provides a really nice environment. They  also have two garage type doors that open up to the outside and include an outside bar with tvs. I can't wait to use it when it's warm out.
3	Pretty tasty food.  I have to mark it down a bit because their service was very odd -- at a table of four for lunch, one order came out completely wrong and one came 15-20 minutes later than the other three.  I had the chicken sandwich.  It tasted great, but they slather their bread in so much butter that I'm struggling to remember what the actual filling was like.  Also, despite pushing even further into heart attack territory, I'd recommend getting the fried taters instead of the side salad, since the salad consisted only of lettuce with vinegar.  Not even a tomato.  Worth $9 for lunch?  Not sure.[update] Got the turkey sandwich my second time.  Came on plain bread, no butter overload!  Much better :)
4	Been here a number of times for lunch.  The biggest plus of this place is the ambiance and spaciousness, which is in stark contrast with most of the restaurants in Oakland that are crowded, noisy, and feel a little claustrophobic.  While the ambience is great, the food could be better and is OVERPRICED.AMBIENCEThe ambience here is outstanding.  It is spacious.  The ceilings are high, and there is lots of natural lighting from the large windows.  The architecture on the building is great.  I like the lanterns above the main entrance and large fireplace as you enter.  There is also a lot of outside seating, which I presume would be great when the weather is warmer outside.  It is right next to Schenley Park, with lots of green space around.  I've been here a number of times with colleagues and it is a great place to talk.  FOODFor lunch, you order at the front and grab a number.  There are salads, sandwiches, and pizzas.  I've had both the sandwiches: $9 or $10 and the pizzas: $11-$14.  While the crispy taters that come with the sandwiches are very good, crisp and fresh, the sandwiches left more to be desired.  If you don't mind the extra few $, go for the pizza.  They have a wood oven, which they use to bake the pizzas.  I've had the Bianca pizza $13: the the fig name was very sweet and went well with the goat cheese and mozzarella mixed with arugula.
3	I ordered a lentil soup and grilled cheese.  The food tasted quite good.  I disliked how the water was served - a cooler by the cash registers, so it's disruptive to keep getting up and refilling the glass.Recommended, price is about $10/entree.
4	Really a nice place.  Nice atmosphere and lots of room.   Great place for a beer or wine and a low key meal.  Our group split a couple of apps, the Smoked Wings are good and have a nice smokey BBQ flavor from the Brick Oven and come with two sauces, a BBQ and Buffalo, both are really tasty.  The Calamari is very good with Crispy Zucchini and a Spicy Marinara Sauce, a great start.  Split a Piggie Pie Pizza which had Cured Meats and Mozzarella and Basil, very tasty.
5	I'm so in love with the porch!!!  For realz people!  This place has it all!  The set up is so awesome.  I can't believe this is another part of the Eat n' Park family (although I have mad love for the E n' P, being my first job:)  It's really open, with nice dark wood, which actually also makes it feel cozy too.  I think the open fire place helped as well!  You really don't expect such a nice place to be in Oakland (sorry peeps, when I think Oakland, I think Hemingway's and dive bars). I don't mind the help yourself kind of set up either.  You gaze over the menu of delicious looking foods.  Decide what you want, which is, in fact, pretty hard with how amazing everything sounded.  I went with the Rocket Salad.  I was sold with the word beets!  I was also sold with the amazing sounding warm spiked cider on the chalkboard.  Okay, I'll admit it, I was also sold with the taters (because I had read the reviews already, which had stated they were delish!).  So, I pigged out.  Well worth it my friends!The salad was really amazing.  It was a great spring mix of lettuce, a good amount of beets and a light sherry vinaigrette dressing.  I thought there was a little too many croutons and Chorizo.  But I loved the parmesan and sunflower seeds.  Overall, a win.  I also enjoyed the taters.  For some reason I thought they were going to be more like tots, but they ended up being more like homefries.  Now, if you like crispy homefries, you'll LOVE this!  There's tons of crispy little potato pieces amongst large chunks of taters.  I LOVE me some crispy taters, so this was totally fine with me!  I wasn't too into the curry ketchup, but I'm a 100% Heinz devotee, so this isn't surprising if you know me.  But they gladly brought me regular ketchup (I believe Heinz:).  Speaking of service....I thought it was awesome!  I feel like when there's a help yourself service, you expect to be ignored most of the time.  But I think there was at least 4 or 5 people that came around to ask if we needed anything, cleared our plates and checked on us again, that it was incredibly impressive!  You will not be ignored!  Oh, and my spiked cider, absolutely satisfying on a crisp winter day!  I loved the taste, the whipped cream and cute little cinnamon stick accent.  Love love love everything!Can't wait to return!
5	For real?? Did this place REALLY open up in the heart of Oakland, Cathedral of Learning adjacent??? Never in my life did I want to reapply to Pitt and become a student all over again so I could experience this place every day. How lucky are these guys?!When I say smack in the middle of Oakland, I mean it. So much so that I actually drove past it, thinking that it would be off the cut a bit. The style/vibe here is casual, do-it yourself, easy eating. 1. You Pick up a Menu. 2. You Order and Pay. 3. You Grab a Seat. 4. Your Food is Delivered to you table.  WOW, what a concept!  The seating inside is very ample, from cozy booths that overlook the lawn and library, to bistro tables in the center.  There are even larger tables for families. They also serve wine and beer. There are two green glass water coolers, one labeled H20, the other "fancy" water- infused with lemon and mint! Is it normal that I was getting excited about the water before I actually consumed anything?The food came out quickly, nice and hot. I ordered the Farm Stand Vegetable burger with greens. The patty was chock-full of colors: carrots, bell peppers, red peppers. Nice texture, DElish. It was topped with kalamata olives, lettuce, tomatoes, and a type of sun dried aoli. My two dining pals ordered the Chicken Roti, with pear, pesto, Swiss cheese and aoli (um, YUMMM?? I could eat this sandwich every day of my life) and Grilled Cheese with Almond soup. OH, and I cannot forget the POTATOES. They are phenomenal- crisp and savory on the outside and soooo tender on the outside. all the way down to the cumin ketchup. Unfortunately I did not have a chance to try the Almond Soup, as my friend was lapping it up at warp speed. A clear sign of deliciousness.As much as I loved my veggie burger, I had a slight bit of buyers envy over the Chicken Roti. The flavors are SO clean and unique.I'm not sure whose brilliance is behind the launch of the Porch, but they deserve many kudos. It is the perfect addition to the campus, and inexpensive! Its nice to know that students can now eat wholesome good food at a good prices. It seems like it would be a great place to bring parents when they are out of town as well. Parking could be tough, but it's worth the extra effort to find a spot (or, jump on the bus, as all of them pretty much drop you off a block away).
4	Went back for a late night dessert and drinks. It was busy and bustling for a Friday Night in Oakland. The warm bread pudding was delicious. Their alcoholic twist on an Arnold Palmer was great. I applaud anyone who makes their own limoncello.Sitting at the bar is fun on the kitchen side, because you get to see all the action and feel the warm glow of their oven. Servers are still very friendly, of course. I really got a kick out of seeing menus cut up and recycled as bar coasters.Be warned though - their bar only had the ingredients to make the cocktails on their menu. Full bar isn't quite accurate. It's probably due to space, but I hope this changes. I look forward to a nice gin cocktail on the outside porch on a hot day.Small update: went back for brunch again - had the biscuits and gravy and a seasonal soda. The soda was apple ginger and AMAZING. I say again AMAZING. The biscuits and gravy was too much food, and made me feel like a glutton, but that's my own dietary mistake. I could only eat 3 out of the 4 homemade biscuits before giving up.
4	We went to The Porch recently for Sunday brunch.  Love the bright and open space.  We got a table towards in back along the banquet.  We were greeted right away by our super perky server. For drinks, BJ opted for a seasonal beer and I ordered a pineapple sage margarita.  I love this drink, so good!!  BJ ordered the chorizo & eggs.  He thought it was okay.  But he really liked the fried potatoes.  I loved his meal.  I sampled.  I got the Rocket salad.  I loved the roasted beet and the Sherry vinaigrette.  I thought the chorizo was a little tough. We decided to get the cookies for a sweet little treat.  We were told we would get 6 and we even got to pick what kind, 3 peanut butter cookies and 3 white chocolate, macadamia nut & cranberry.  Somehow, we only ended up with 5.  We were missing one cookie.  We asked our server about our missing cookie and she couldn't come up with a satisfactory answer.  Kinda of a strange ending to an otherwise good meal.
5	Have been there several times and have enjoyed them all. Brunch, lunch and dinner. Keep up the good work. Interesting food choices and really good pizza..
2	Ambitious with poor execution. The menu there is limited but I didn't mind that. My hopes were that since they only did a couple of dishes, they would do them well. If only.  And maybe they could be better if they weren't using the exact same products as their parent restaurant Eat n Park.  I ordered the specialty pizza of the day (butternut squash) and was completely underwhelmed. The  dough was the same that EnP uses for their rolls, the sauce was the same that is used for EnP's spaghetti sauce and the cheese was as bland as you could get. Had there been a little bit more thought into the ingredients like higher quality cheese (feta, maybe) and sauce that didn't come from a can it could've worked.  Unfortunately, they thought they could give you great ambiance and new presentation and you wouldn't notice that you just had diner food. The most offensive part was the $10 that I paid for a pizza that was less impressive (and substantially smaller)  than a $5 take out pizza that I could've gotten around the corner.
4	A great location for a restaurant, right in Schenley Plaza, and in wonderful proximity to the museums, park, library and the University of Pittsburgh.  I was a bit puzzled by the music, which was a little louder than it should have been.   The food was very good.  We both got the prix fix selections, and this turned out to be an excellent choice.
2	In short, sadness for my wallet...-but yummy for my tummy.First off, Oakland is a college-centric neighborhood that has plenty of cheap, tasty options. These cheaper restaurants might not have as fancy ingredients as the Porch, but who really cares about fancy ingredients when half the time you just want a nice, quick dinner or a late night bite to eat to satisfy the drunk munchies? The restaurant is nice, but a little out of place for Oakland... and certainly not worth the price for the level of service that my friend and I received from a certain waiter who mispronounced risotto and took my napkin and plate away while I was still eating-mid-bite.On the other hand, the food is quite good, just overpriced for the neighborhood.Lol, let's just say that my friend was stunned when he first saw the menu.
3	Here is the objective debate of the self-righteous foodie: I struggle between the complications of the two-star shatter and the three-star one-thumbs-up of approval.I've been here various times since opening and have had a chance to try breakfast, lunch, dinner, and casual drinks. The appetizers are all delicious and offer fresh options in an area riddled with deep-fried and over-processed (not that there's anything wrong with that). The pizzas are crafted with care, the entrees are a little expensive, but everything is nothing less than delicious. Solid beer choices. Excellent cocktails (try the Almost Arnie). The servers are nice, and this makes up for the long-ish wait times I've had to experience.Breakfast is a let-down. I got a breakfast sandwich (house-baked bread, fresh-tasting fried egg, ham) and a no-cream-no-sugar coffee (but was given the creamed-and-sugared option instead). It took whoever attended the window a few glances and knocks to realize someone wanted his business, he didn't get my order correct, didn't include a napkin in the bag, blah blah complain--but it was tasty.Yes, I caved in and gave it three stars. With an innovative (aspiring, creative) head chef, fresh ingredients, a quality menu, and nice servers, this place just needs a little work to be everything it can be (believe in your dreams, reach for the stars, anything is possible). I'll probably get another breakfast sandwich soon and I'll definitely stop in for drinks or snacks again to see how well they've improved the non-food side of things.
5	We've been there three times, 2 for dinner and 1 for lunch. We've loved every single time. Some quick notes:1. The Chicken wings are the best chicken wings! They are crispy, easy to eat and come with a set of different sauces so it's not messy. 2. Love the pizza but have to watch for the spices they include next to the pie, if badly applied, they can ruin the whole pizza!3. Very good lasagna, not full of cheese, you get to enjoy all the ingredients.We haven't found any food we didn't like and the staff is very friendly and are always checking on you (dinner) Will return many times while we are still in Pittsburgh, such a great option and so close to Carnegie Mellon University!
5	As a Pitt student, I was pretty much brainwashed to hate The Porch.  Eat n' Park is going to build a restaurant in Schenley Plaza?  Gah!  I'm not supporting THAT!  Well, two years later, I'm sitting here on Yelp, putting my foot in my mouth.  The Porch is a WONDERFUL addition to the Oakland restaurant scene.  Yes, it sits on Schenley Plaza, but just on the edge.  Yes, it encroaches on one of Pitt's few green spaces, but the architecture is so beautifully done that it fits right in.  Yes, it is owned by Eat n' Park, but there are certainly no smiley cookies served here.The menu has that trendy local/organic/homemade vibe, but in a delicious way, not a pretentious way.  I took my mom here when she was visiting for the weekend *.  We decided to each get the featured soup (pear and parsnip!) for our appetizer.  We then shared the Bianca (fig jam, goat cheese, mozzarella, arugula) and Harvest Pie (butternut squash, leeks, sage, taleggio cheese) pizzas.  It ended up being more than enough.  We took half of each pizza home.  Two Porch meals for the price of one?  I'll take it.The inside of the restaurant is really pretty cool.  If you were to mix rustic, chic, simple and industrial in a blender, you'd get The Porch.  That's the only way I can think to describe it.  The whole time I felt like I couldn't possibly be in South Oakland.It is probably important to note that The Porch is fairly expensive.  Our dinner for two came out to $37, before tip and we didn't order drinks.  But the next time I'm in the mood to splurge on a great meal, I'm definitely coming back!* Pitt and CMU students - This is a great place to take your parents when they come to visit!  Especially if they are paying...
4	Excellent experience! We went on a snowy Saturday evening with our 2 1/2-year old in tow. Sat in a relatively uncrowded restaurant, in a cozy and comfortable booth with an amazing view of the Cathedral of Learning. Service and staff were attentive and accommodating. Food was served fast. Almost Arnie cocktail was delisch...Farmbread and smoked wings were yummy...Harvest pie and Margharita pizza were fantastic (2 y/o also cleaned her plate of spaghetti)! Not overly expensive and a big thumbs up for being environmentally friendly. We will definitely be back!
5	Like Tom Cruise in the '80s, this place has all the right moves. I really look forward to eating here whenever I get a chance.The menu isn't huge, but everything I've had is made perfectly. It's the kind of food I categorize as simply delicious: you can taste ingredients, it doesn't feel over done or over wrought. Very easy to enjoy.There are plenty of tasty items for vegetarians, from hand made pizzas and salad to soups and grilled cheese. I typically get  a grilled cheese and whatever their vegetarian soup of the day is, and the only disappointment is when I've reached the bottom of the bowl. Since the restaurant space has both booths and tables, I imagine it can accommodate a larger group, though I always recommend calling a restaurant ahead to ask their advice, if that's what you're planning. If you're on a work lunch, expect an ok turn around on getting the food on your table, but I'm not sure you can do it if you are on a 30 minute break. I recall it takes at least 45 minutes from order to finishing your meal.The Porch has a really comfortable, modern space that is welcoming. Wide windows let bright light into the expansive dining room. It's a detail so small, but I love the cloth napkins that they use that look like a smaller version of a kitchen tea towel. You'll order at a counter when you come in and seat yourself, but don't fret: there are servers/busers that peruse the dining area to bring out your food, refill waters, and attend to anything else you might need. They have been very friendly in my experience. I'm so looking forward to spending some time on Porch's porch when the warmer months hit. I expect it to be lovely to hang around Schenley Plaza with a refreshing drink, excellent food, and good company.
3	A meal is like having a relationship with the chef, this meal was like having an abusive spouse. The meal opened with a home made english muffin accompanied by a delicious honey butter and jams that seduced and promised so much more to come. But after what I can only assume was a bad day at work, the shouting started... a fig and goat cheese pizza with arugala that was so heavy handed with the fig and truffle oil that it may have left bruises... but we'll just tell people I walked into a door. Of course, there were apologies made, promises he'll never do it again, and a make up gift.  The most deliciously cooked burger I've had in a long time. A perfectly cooked fried egg on top of medium rare meat, with roasted red peppers on a wholesome bun. As we all know, though, it isn't meant to last, and soon things fell apart once more. A pork belly so thoroughly charred to a crisp that I was unable to forgive. So we had to go our seperate ways.. but even with all the problems, I'll still probably be back. I mean... he loves me...
3	Ok I know what people are going to say: How could you give The Porch only 3 stars!Went here for brunch today and the meal had two sides the really good and the bad. What we sampled: Farm Bread with honey butter, apple butter, and blueberry preserves           Today's farm bread was homemade english muffins and the order came with 2 whole english muffins.  The muffins were delicious especially enhanced with the different butters and preserves. Bianca Pizza: Fig Jam, Goat Cheese, Mozzarella, Arugula, Truffle oil            This was my order, and I was pretty disappointed. I love all of the things that this pizza promised, but I don't think that it delivered. Overall the pizza had way to much fig jam and the taste was overwhelming and I wasn't able to taste the other flavors. Burger: Roasted Red Peppers, Caramelizied Onions, and a Fried Egg on a Brioche Bun             This burger was awesome!  The burger was cooked rare though we requested medium rare, but it was so good it didn't matter.  Also the egg was perfectly cooked.  This was messy and delicious in all the right ways. Cast iron pork belly             Possibly the most disappointing dish of all.  It was a small cast iron skillet with 10 small chunks of pork belly that were so overcooked they were almost impossible to eat. I would probably return for dinner to see what they are able to do, but I don't know about brunch. The service was good and our waitress fulfilled every request that we had. The place was bustling with small and large groups and the noise level was moderate.  I also liked the decor and the towels for napkins.
3	I still think this is a great place for lunch. This review is for their dinner service. The Porch does best with things like pizza and sandwiches -- relatively simple lunch food. The dinner menu includes some full plate entrees. It is here that everything falls apart.  I ordered a plate of salmon. The fish itself was merely passable (a little dry). It was presented with some sort of eggplant goo and some stir-fried greens (kale?). I love eggplants and green vegetables, but these three ingredients completely did not play well together. As another reviewer also mentioned -- at night time, the space feels a little dark and dingy (as opposed to intimate and romantic). The service pace was also off -- everything was slow, but not in a well-managed sort of way (e.g., long stretch of wait time between seating and drinks being served -- and no, the restaurant was not busy that night.)So, the lesson I learned: stick to lunch!
3	This place has a good amount of reviews so I won't say much. I got a hamburger (somewhat against my better judgement due to all the great stuff on the menu) and asked for medium-rare. What I got was almost revoltingly rare. It had a delicious crust to it so I know it saw some time on the grill, but the center was almost cold (and by the time I finished it was decidedly cold). I like some red to my meat, but there were parts of it that were absurdly raw and not at all pleasant. I've had problems getting medium-rare in Pittsburgh (including Brgr and Burgatory who seem to only do well-done) but this chef seems to under-cook. I pointed it out to my waitress (although I did not send it back because it was really really delicious) and she said they had received similar complaints before. In fact, they guy behind me was complaining to his wife that his came out medium instead of well-done.I'm sure they use good beef and have high safety standards but I genuinely felt like I might get sick from the burger when I was eating it (this did not happen). To drive the point home: IT IS LIKELY THEY WILL UNDER-COOK YOUR BURGER. I don't want to come off as libelous, but from my experience, the guy next to me, and the waitress, this is something that happens with some regularity.That said, the burger was outstanding. The toppings were delicious, the bun was grilled for crust, the salad on the side was a great, slightly bitter accompaniment that was perfectly dressed, and their mixed pickle was sooo good. It was a very well-balanced meal; each flavor complemented each other well and each element was well-made. Maybe I'm being harsh with the 3 stars (especially since I could've taken it back), but when you charge the prices they do, a diner should not have to worry about something so amateur as under-cooked meat. If you like rare burgers or order something else, this place is probably great.
4	I went there for dinner this week. This may be a nice place for lunch (close to the Cathedral), but it did not seem very friendly for dinner. Few people, the tables looked a bit cheap.The food was tasty, but a bit disappointing. The menu is not very large and of traditional American inspiration (syrup and rib-eye, eg). It feels very Pittsburgh in a way: large portion that fills you more than fulfill. The two dishes we tried were a bit dry. It's not exactly cheap, so for that price I expected something a bit better.On the other hand, they have some beer from east end brewery. So, you can forgive a lot. I may be back for lunch.Update: I have now been there a few times for lunch. I'd say that it is a good 4 stars for lunch. Nice pizzas, nice burgers, reasonable price, quickly served, great location for lunch. In fact, it has become my favorite place for lunch in Oakland. So, 4 stars instead of three. Still, unlikely I'll go there for dinner, though.
4	So, as a former Eat'n Park employee, it was my obligation to go to the restaurant on their opening week. I'm writing my review late, so I imagine some things have changed, but seeing that I probably won't be back for a while, I wanted to put my 2 cents in.The layout and atmosphere was beautiful and unique. It's a real shame they opened in the late fall, because The Porch is definitely a place built for the warmer months. It has a lot of large garage-type doors meant to blend the outdoor area with the diners. While it was still gorgeous on the inside, even in the cold, there was clearly something missing when you looked around and noticed that the nuts and bolts will compliment a Summer breeze better than snow.The food was pretty decent. We ordered 2 appetizers, which were wonderful. My meal, the roasted pig sandwich, was good, but a little salty and bland. I'm not knocking them here by the way, because I do understand that it takes time for a restaurant to figure out the flavors and it doesn't always happen within the first week. It isn't until a lot of patrons are able to offer feedback that they begin to refine their dishes.The price is where it gets a little bit tipsy for me. Our meal was $80, which isn't terrible, but it comes off a little more casual than the receipt. But I'm not dumb either, we did get 2 beers each, 2 appetizers and a meal each. The money was well spent, but it was difficult for me to understand exactly what type of restaurant they wanted to be. Classy? Casual? Either way ... go try them out! They are a welcomed addition to the Oakland area.Before I close this ... one pitfall did hit me. My friend ordered a pizza and it came on a huge cookie sheet / pan. While this aesthetically was kinda cute, it took up a ton of space and downgraded the experience slightly. It goes back to my statement about what they were trying to be. Who wants to eat slightly pricey pizza on a pan that takes up most of their table space? Just a thought!
2	Although I loved the decor, I wasn't terribly impressed with the food.  My boyfriend and I had wandered over to Schenley Plaza to get a relatively cheap lunch at the Chinese stand, but we found it was still closed for the season.  So we decided to give The Porch a try. We each had a pizza - I had the margherita pizza and he had the bolognese.  The flavor was good but they were overcooked and oily.  The pieces literally fell apart as we tried to pick them up off of the cookie sheet.  We had to flag our waitress down anytime we needed something (i.e. drink refills, the check) because she paid no attention at all to the tables.  When we asked for a to go box she brought us one small box that we had to stuff the leftovers in, which left us with a box stuffed with deformed, mushy pizza.  I would be satisfied with The Porch if it were at the right price - for what we got, it was definitely not worth it.
2	The Porch is a restaurant that hasn't really found itself.  One third upscale, two thirds laid back with an eclectic menu, it's hard to categorize.  Some dishes show promise, especially some of the more casual offerings like sandwiches and pizzas (though hardly a value buy) and others which are lost causes (I had been excited by "salmon pastrami" but it turned out to be just so-so smoked salmon).  Still, ingredients are fresh and dishes are vibrant.At its current price point, however, it's hard to sing the Porch's praises.  It's easy to envision great improvements as they find and hit their stride--and I'd welcome another nice option in Oakland--but it's just not there yet.
4	First impression: good food; I want to go back try more of the sandwiches and pizzas! A number of sandwiches sounded appealing to me, and the pizza topped with arugula looked fantastic. That's my next order.
2	The food is decent and the restaurant is nice, but the service is actually laughably bad.  For people looking to eat a quick lunch I wouldn't recommend it.  The people that take your order are nice/competent but the servers are pretty awful.
3	We went her on Easter Sunday while visiting Pittsburgh.  Most other brunch places were closed or had long waits.  We sat right down in a mostly empty restaurant.The decor is fantastic and the atmosphere very homey.  The restaurant overlooks Schenley Park and offers outdoor seating during warm weather.The food was mixed and showed its Eat N' Park roots.  We ordered a pan of the sticky buns to split with our coffee.  They were on special, but they were overly doughy and flavorless.  The icing was bitter.  Overall not even up to the standards of its parent company.  Two of us had chorizo and eggs.  The eggs were a little bland and the chorizo as well.  The crispy taters were spot on with a tasty curry ketchup.  The pico de gallo on the side was very well done.  Overall average.My other friend ordered the Eggs Benedict special.  The eggs were horribly overcooked, solid throughout.  Bernaise sauce was delicious but the entire thing was on a hamburger bun instead of an English muffin.  Needless to say he was not impressed.Overall a nice location and an interesting option on Pitt's campus, but average an brunch in a great setting.
5	After failing to get a table at reservations-required venues, and finding that many places were closed, I decided to bring my parents and brother to the Porch for Easter lunch. We arrived to a half-empty restaurant and sat down.Our waiter, Brian, seemed awkward at first, but he was actually hilarious, and we all were laughing during much of our interactions.We started out with an order of the Farm Bread--the honey butter and other two spreads that came with the bread were absolutely delicious. We almost ordered a second plate, but decided against it. I got the eggs benedict on special, which was...amazing. Prosciutto, arugula, and the most flavorful tomatoes I've ever eaten joined the perfectly cooked egg on top of a crispy English muffin.My mom got the margherita pizza, which is something that usually doesn't excite me, but the presentation was adorable (little piles of cheese, peppers, and dried oregano) and the pizza itself was pretty great. I'm going to order one of the more adventurous pizzas next time.Dad and brother both got the surf and turf special, which was filet and shrimp (not lobster, but the shrimp was seasoned and prepared excellently) atop garlic mashed taters and asparagus. I didn't sample theirs, but they were both very happy with the meal.Best part? Before tax, our bill was only $80. Dad and I got a beer each (East End Big Hop ftw!), and brother got a housemade peach berry soda. Not bad for a wonderful lunch for four, if you ask me. My only worry about this place is the emptiness--it's great that I can walk in and sit down without a wait even on one of the busiest dining days, but more people need to find out about this place so it can stick around. Go to the Porch!
3	Took a couple of friends there recently.   It was a weekend afternoon so we didn't face what I hear is the usual crush of people.  PROs:- One of my friends was visiting from Italy and tells me that the pizza at The Porch is the closest he's had to northern Italian pizza EVER in the US.   I guess that's a good thing if you're looking for authentic Italian pizza.   I enjoyed the pizza; thin, crispy crust and NOT overloaded with toppings.  - The sandwich and salad I had was fresh and crisp.- The service was okay; friendly and prompt but the server did disappear and not check back after we had our entrees.CONs:- Out of several menu items on both visits, but that could be cost of serving fresh food.I'll be back.  It's good to have a comfortable place like The Porch so close by.
2	Note: this review is about The Porch's happy hour.The Porch has an ongoing happy hour special weekdays 4:30-6:30pm with $3 draft beer and $5 glasses of wine. This is a good deal. The rating isn't reflecting on the deal itself, but rather how the restaurant manages to spoil it with an obscure policy about where you have to be in the restaurant in order to take advantage of it. Basically, you need to be standing at the bar. If you're at a table you don't get the happy hour special. This is unfortunate because if you come in with a group of people at that time of day, chances are you want to get yourselves set up in a comfy booth and enjoy the late afternoon over a few drinks and, probably, a tasty pizza. I've been in on a number of occasions and suffered at the hands of this peculiarly particular Porch policy. I have sometimes taken issue with my server and had my issue raised with the manager. One time the manager decided to give happy hour drink prices to my table. Every other time the manager was less cooperative.I'm a stickler for service and expect high standards--even in casual places like The Porch. What bothers me the most is when policies don't make sense. Unfortunately, this is one of those times.Will I be back to The Porch? Of course--I work down the street and this is the best bet for lunch or a casual dinner on the Pitt campus. Do I like this weird happy hour policy? No, but what can one do? Other than sit at the bar, I suppose...
4	Very nice place, relaxed but classy. Prices are on the high side for most things. But the pizzas are a good deal for not too much.
5	Attention all my Food Hounds out there!!!  Ole' Brim here to tell you about a phenomenal new place right in the center of Schenley Park in Pittsburgh right across the way from the University of Pittsburgh... The Porch at Schenley!  What an amazing place; the ambiance is astounding - sporting custom 'blown glass' light fixtures, scattered custom artwork by local artists, an outdoor fireplace and HUGE open windows!  One major bar raiser for this special spot is that they are a VERY green company.  They are very focused on keeping their product as fresh as possible; SO much in fact... that they have constructed a full spice, herb and vegetable garden on the roof of the establishment!  We were informed that their plan for 2013 includes adding a Honey box to their roof garden - did I mention that they'll be bringing in between 50 to 60 THOUSAND Honey Bees to get this project started!!!  The Porch gets even MORE impressive as our visit continued... they again, GROW all their own herbs, spices and veggies, all the bread and jams are made in house, all the pickling and brining are done in house, and their meat is ground in house daily!  I'm starting to wonder if there is anything they don't do here?!?  Furthermore, these guys have only been open for SIX months!  So again, the Hounds were in full effect with Luscious, Mina Sanwald, Etan Wish, myself and our special guest; Jose Hernandez, Jr.; ready to take this location by storm!Getting down to the nitty gritty of all the foodie love packed into every dish in this place... EVERYTHING is rich in flavor; but non-fattening!  In fact, the chef goes to great lengths to ensure that all his platters are not only quality; but also low in fat by utilizing the best cuts of fresh meat (that he butchers himself), right down to the specific oils used to fry their signature Crispy Taters... whole Yukon potatoes, slightly crushed and fried whole with rosemary, sage and sea salt after being boiled in a super-secret blend of herbs and spices!  These suckers are ridiculous!  I could eat these things all day, every day... and then some!  Crispy and bursting with flavor that could only be enhanced with the use of the house ketchup curry (another brainchild of the crew at Porch).  These babies are SO good that they actually go through 800lbs of Yukon potatoes a week!  Moving right along with the appetizers, appropriately named 'This & That'.  The Cast Iron Cornbread was served in a cast iron pan, light salty/buttery taste with a slight sweetness within the crunchy top.  Their Smoked Wings were off the hook crispy with a dry rub of sea salt, pepper and some other goodies accompanied by a trio of saucy goodness... Bleu Cheese, BBQ and Buffalo!  The KC Style BBQ Spare Ribs blew our minds!  I've crossed the path of many different ribs; but these fall off the bone ribs were BOSS... the WIN for all of us in terms of the starters!  They are smoked lightly for a few hours for the Smokey flavor and basted with special seasonings and sauce that make the tastebuds go POP!  Entrees Ahoy!!!  We all legitimately thought we died and went to Heaven.  The cuisine was, as Hernandez said... four syllables, "Re-Dic-u-Lous".  The Grilled Rib eye was hands down incredible.  A wealthy and healthy cut of prime meat cooked to perfection, slightly seasoned just enough to still enjoy the natural flavoring of the steak (We are Meat-a-tarians, hear us roar!).  It comes with more of those you my Crispy Taters and this fantasmic Salsa Verde!  I enjoyed the Piggie Pie Personal Pizza made in their brick oven with a mixture of their house-cured meats (Copa and Porchetta) and Rosemary, parmesan and hot pepper on the side.  Being that I only scratched the surface witness the variety of pizza they have; I would recommend any pizza lover or aficionado to visit Monday thru Friday from 9:30pm to closing when ALL the pies are half-price!  The Roast Beef sandwich was well portioned and nuzzled by two slabs of Farm Bread, covered in a Vermont Cheddar blanket with Herb and Roasted Garlic Aioli and Olives.  The good old fashioned, no holds barred Beef Burger was hearty and would satisfy the likes of most people (YAY! More Crispy Taters!).  Another dish we didn't expect to find on this awesome menu was the Cast Iron Lasagna - rich, hearty, cheeeeesssey!  A carousel of flavor, their housemade chive pasta engulfed in Beef Bolognese and Bechamel sauce, dripping with scrumptious Mozzarella.  A spotlight really deserves to be given to the Rotisserie selection that we sampled... the Duck Legs were very well presented, had fall off the bone tender and savory meat with a Blueberry-Champagne Sauce.  Then there was the Chicken Roti - words can not describe how succulent this former feathered friend was!As much as I can describe how awesomely amazing The Porch is, it is nothing compared to seeing for yourself!  Fast, friendly and knowledgeable staff, great meals and great deals... this is surely NOT a spot to miss while in town.
4	Been here a few times now, and I'm thoroughly happy there's finally a decent place with great atmosphere and great food within walking distance from CMU. I think the beautiful venue is half the reason I visit the Porch. The interior is spacious and sleek, while the outdoor seating area is great for those sunny days and nice nights (they have a fireplace outside!). The food is great. Been here for dinner and happy hour. Great happy hour deals, and great food for dinner. I recommend the Duck Legs, Burgers, Bianca Pizza, Crispy Taters and also listen to what specials they have that night, because last time we got their beef shank dish and it was amazing. People need to stop going to Union Grill and come to the Porch. Similar prices, but WAY better food and ambiance, not to mention service!
5	Thursday night - girls dinner - where to go? Luckily I had just grabbed the City Paper's Dining Guide and I realized there are a lot of places in the city I haven't been yet - although it feels like I've been to all of them! We had a place picked out, but because the weather was so beautiful yesterday, we decided to switch gears and find a place where we could sit outside and enjoy the nice evening.I found The Porch at Schenley and it was a perfect spot! I can't believe I hadn't been here yet!! We sat out on 'the porch' and the atmosphere was great - people everywhere - and you were able to people watch in Schenley Plaza. It's such a great laid back place. The food was also amazing. I had an Almost Arnie - which was limoncello, iced tea and mint. It was so good and refreshing - not too heavy. We ordered the rustic bread salad which was deelish - a free iron skillet corn bread that I received a coupon for in my email - and that was amazing, and then I had the Garden Vegetable burger. It was served with a side of potatoes. Everything was above average for sure. I can't wait to go back! It would be a great place for just drinks and appetizers too!
3	I gave The Porch two stars based on dinner, but I've recently started coming for lunch, which is certainly worthy of the "A-OK" designation suggested by a 3-star review (if not higher).For dinner, The Porch feels like it's trying to be something it's not.  For lunch, it's right where it's supposed to be.  A more moderate price point, a more casual dining experience, and a selection of sandwiches all fit the space and the cuisine much better.  Choices are colorful, well-rounded, and fresh.  There's a casual elegance that begins to emerge, and I hope the management sees what the restaurant achieves mid-day and stops trying so hard once the sun begins to set.This is a great place to grab some tasty and good quality food for lunch, and it fits any crowd.  I'd feel comfortable taking parents, professors, students, kids, coworkers, friends, and acquaintances here for lunch.  But I still wouldn't go for dinner.
2	After a theatre matinee at the Pittsburgh Irish and Classical Theatre, my best friend and I needed to find a place that was within a quick walking distance for dinner, and having heard about Porch, and seeing that we only needed to cross the street to get to it, we decided to give it a try.  I had heard that this was Eat 'N Park's attempt at 'upscale', which was kind of frightening to think about. I don't exactly equate Eat 'N Park with fine dining. In fact, I barely equate it with 'dining' at all.  The only reason I ever go to an Eat 'N Park is for the breakfast buffet, and only because it's all you can eat. It's generally crap. Powdered eggs? Really? But for filling up at the start of the day, it'll do.Well, Porch does prove its chops as far as the food goes. The prices however, for a restaurant plopped right down in the middle of what used to be a park/parking lot for a college centro seem a bit out of place.  With plenty of affordable college priced options blocks away, these prices seem more than slightly off the chart.  We were lead to a small table WAY in the back, and our waiter was with us almost right away. At first he kind of seemed like he couldn't be bothered with an old guy and a blind lady, but he seemed a little friendlier after we started ordering. I guess since she ordered the prime rib entree at $19 he thought maybe we were ok.We both ordered iced tea (since they only offer Pepsi products) and it came in a nice carafe so we could refill at will. She ordered the prime rib, which came with a bunch of veggies, and they were even kind enough to cut up the prime rib for her on request, which made things less awkward when it arrived. I ordered the pan lasagna, which the waiter promptly returned to tell me they had run out of.So I ordered the burger, which came with 'crispy taters', and a pickled veggie medley. They claim that the beef is ground on the premises, and it came with cheese and a couple of strips of thick bacon, lettuce, tomato, and a HEAP of sliced red onion.  I ordered it medium rare, but it arrived a bit more medium than rare.  After it arrived, I had to request condiments, as there was no sauce on the burger, and no condiments other than salt and pepper on the table. I asked for some mayo and dark mustard, and was sent some kind of odd runny mayo and what looked like very yellow honey mustard.  So I just used the mayo.The crispy taters were very tiny whole potatoes, fried to a very nice crispness and lightly seasoned. Actually, pretty yummy.  The burger was ok. Nothing spectacular. Winghart's and Burgatory still reign supreme in the burger department. The pickled veggies were interesting - green beans, maybe turnips? Tasty. The prime rib, though expensive ($19 was for the 'small' portion), was quite delicious. Almost buttery tender, with some kind of brown sauce dripped decoratively around the plate that was very good, and some vegetables that were roasted (I think) including small halved onions. After we finished out entrees, we decided to try dessert.  The waiter read off the list of what was available for the day, and my friend chose something that I can't recall, and I went out on a limb and opted to try their Tiramisu. Tiramisu is my favorite dessert of all, but I find it to be extremely hit or miss on menus. The best Tiramisu is made by little Italian grandmas, by hand, and with the real ingredients. I always take a chance when ordering it in a restaurant that it will be (and 9 times out of 10 it IS) more of a miss than a hit.The waiter returned to tell my friend that whatever she'd ordered, they were out of, so she ordered the fresh made donuts.Now I have to mention that as we were eating our entrees, a couple of college boys sat next to us - and they seemed to be eating what looked like two pan lasagnas.  Hmmmm.The donuts were indeed home made, served warm, and came with a very nice strawberry sauce for dipping.And - voila - the Tiramisu was a definite 'hit'. A very large portion, and it tasted exactly like Tiramisu is supposed to taste. Creamy, coffee, chocolatey yum.The atmosphere was rather pleasant, with a lot of college eye candy strolling around, as well as a hell of a lot of 'family' types. Mommies and daddies and a bucket of their little spawn. Personally, I can't imagine taking little kids to such a pricey establishment, but hey - someone out there has to have the money.They do offer wine and beer - the wine being some local wine made for the Culinary Institute (which this restaurant is apparently a training ground for).Because of the price, I can't say this would be a regular haunt.  We plan to try it for brunch one day BEFORE the next theatre excursion, or perhaps for lunch, both of which have totally different menus.The total bill came to around $50, which really wasn't too terribly bad for two entrees and two desserts (I opted for the cheaper burger at $10 since it wasn't my wallet doing the paying) with two iced teas.
4	After finishing the Race for the Cure, my friend and I headed over to The Porch to grab some breakfast/brunch.  The menu wasn't that extensive - there was a selection of some breakfast items and then some pizzas from what I recall.  Maybe their menu offering was different since it was Mother's day and on their website, I can't seem to find their "breakfast/brunch" menu.  My friend went with the quiche and I chose the egg sandwich with cheese and it said it had short ribs (but I don't recall any short ribs on the sandwich).  I have to say the sandwich hit the spot, even if it was missing the short ribs.  It was huge!  But I was hungry after the run...my only complaint was that it was missing something - like it needed some other seasoning besides just cheese and eggs...perhaps the short ribs would have made the difference! The sandwich was served with a side of potatoes, they were little round full potatoes that were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  I really enjoyed them.  I really like the look and feel of this place.  Open, yet comfy!
3	I came here early morning of Mother's Day and the Porch had yet to fill up. I ordered a coffee which was fine and then ordered the quiche for breakfast. The portions are huge! The quiche was light and tasty accompanied by a well dressed side salad and potatoes. The potatoes were okay but what made them awesome was the special ketchup that accompanied them which had a kick. No complaints with service - waitress was friendly and checked in. Overall my meal was good though they had such a limited selection for breakfast. I would come back and give Porch another try with lunch.
4	I am a native of the 'Burgh who has permanently relocated to Tucson, AZ,  as well as a 4 decade veteran Pitt staff member.   On a visit to Pittsburgh I ate here twice in one day.  Lunch was excellent for a number of reasons and dinner was  better than acceptable, but not nearly as good in concept, amenities and value as lunch.  Do lunch here and dinner somewhere else.
3	Came here on a Sunday afternoon with mum and boyfriend after a visit to the Natural History Museum. Immediately I was a bit annoyed by the menu... Options included breakfast items, salads and a few specialty pizzas. Admittedly, I'm a bit picky, so I was getting frustrated trying to find something to eat. In the meantime, we ordered drinks. I asked for water with a lemon and got a small glass of water with no ice and a bowl of lemons. Ok... so then I ordered a lemonade, which was *awful* - it tasted like fake lemon juice dumped into some water with no sugar. Even dumping a pack of Splenda into it did absolutely nothing. Finally I just asked for a glass of ice and pored my tepid water over that.The meal got better when we ordered. I asked if it was possible, since they had a smaller size on the kids' menu, that I get a regular pepperoni pizza. So they adjusted the Margarita pizza to have pepperoni on it and went light on the sauce for me without any trouble. It was served on a baking sheet with little piles of dried basil, red pepper flakes and powdered Parmesan on the side and it was very good. Nice thin crust, fire baked and definitely made by hand.  So my experience was OK, and just that. Service was OK, too. Not a bad idea to stop in for a quick bite, but I get the feeling that this place is much better if you're looking for a drink at night or brunch for the morning after.
2	I'm thinking my expectations may be too high.  While this location couldn't be better, the atmosphere is casual and contemporary, and I liked ordering at the counter for lunch--my food was just bleh!  My friend and I had the garden harvest salad for $11 and literally had two mushrooms, two slices of roast beets, a couple 2inch pieces of asparagus and a bit of cheese and walnuts.  Oh, yes, a handful of spring greens, too.  I've had dinner salads that were larger.  No protein on the plate, I thought the salad was going to be huge--loaded with the above mentioned veggies.  Huge disappointment!!  If you go, don't get a salad!  The pizza looked as if you would be getting your money's worth!!  Try that!I could have really gone for one of the gyros being sold right outside!!
4	good food,....it all seemed fresh and plated well.  I love the fresh cheese and spices accompanying the pizza.
2	I'll have to agree with others when I say I gave this place 2 stars ONLY because of the location/atmosphere. Being from Florida I love any opportunity I get to sit outside in shade and eat/drink.Our waitress was attentive and very nice. That is about the last nice thing I have to say about this place.We happened to walk past The Porch on a Sunday Funday in Oakland and decided to try it out. My boyfriend ordered a mimosa. Mimosas are incredibly simple drinks. Pretty sure what they served him was a glass of just orange juice, though the waitress insisted it was a mimosa. They also served it in a regular glass instead of a champagne flute. Why bother to offer it?We ordered a margherita pizza to split. It was brought out on a baking pan with piles of red pepper flakes and extra cheese on the side (not in separate containers), which is ridiculously gross. If I was splitting this with friends I wouldn't want everyone dipping their fingers into it. We didn't have spoons so we figured that is what we were supposed to do, though we stopped the waitress and got spoons because that's just gross.The pizza was probably the second worst margherita pizza I've had in Pittsburgh (Fuel & Fuddle gave me the worst). In fact, to call it a margherita pizza would be an insult to actual margherita pizza. It was more like a cheese pizza - where was the basil? Then I found out it's owned and operated by Eat N' Park. That explains everything.I also agree that the pricing seems wack for the neighborhood that it is in. We definitely will not be back. Even with their great happy hour it's not worth it.
4	Creative menu. Nice seating available outside. Hard to believe it is owned by eatnpark!
4	What a welcome addition to Oakland dining. Now, those of us who have no desire to get mediocre undergraduate fare at places like Jo Mama's, Fuel and Fuddle, The "O", Panera etc. have a much more civilized and still economical option. Porch has great outdoor space, tons of natural light, a semi-open kitchen, fresh and seasonal ingredients and admirably quick service given how busy it is around lunch time. It's also a good spot to have a beer after work/school. Nice job Porch! (Or should I say, Eat n' Park . . .)
4	Lots of pizzas and salads on the menu, a decent looking wine list, and some nice beers on tap including one offering from East End Brewing Company (Big Hop). There are some nice tables available outside on the "porch" and plenty of indoor seating and a bar. The service was somewhat lacking; they didn't even bring me silverware, and the server seemed to run away when I tried to ask for a napkin.I tried the asparagus pizza, and crab salad sandwich. Both were decent although not incredible, and the pizza was definitely on the salty side. I'll probably be back, although I wasn't overjoyed with what I had.
4	So after reading all the bad reviews for The Porch at Schenley on here, and there are plenty, I was VERY skeptical to try it this weekend. We had friends staying in Oakland for a wedding and we preferred to do brunch in a more traditional brunch spot that we know like Lawrenceviille, downtown, etc. When I heard we were going here I was bummed. AND BOY WAS I WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!! Exceptional breakfast. Exceptional. Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is I felt the menu could have had a few more brunch items like sweet items, pancakes, a French Toast, something. It was pretty much all savory. And they had some basic items that coulda been better. Basic items  that were off - biscuits. Ordered a side of buttermilk biscuits with apple butter. The biscuits had been run through a toaster. Everyone knows biscuits should be warm and soft, not toasted. But flavor wise they were awesome, and the apple butter was to die for. Several of us at our table had the egg sandwich on rustic farm bread with gruyere. It was to die for. Such good bread. And perhaps the best home fries I've had in Pittsburgh. Everyone else at our table had the crab eggs benedict and felt it was one of the best eggs bennies they've ever had, loved that the English Muffin appeared home made. My best friend had the biscuits and gravy and was so complimentary on how spicy the gravy was and how it somthered the biscuits just right. My wife ordered the burger with egg on it and her medium burger was SPOT ON. Most Pittsburgh restaurants think medium is this pinkish grey color. This was a textbook medium - hot and red with the blood just starting to run through it. Exceptional burger. Presentations are great - pork belly served in a cast iron skillet. Old milk bottles served the water. Napkins were a cloth washcloth. Great presentations, exceptional. Worth the trip. DO IT. You won't regret it. ON the way out we saw the pizzas presented on half pans ( baking sheets ) Killer presentation. KILLER!
3	Nice atmosphere, confusing concept.  A coworker and I had lunch at the porch a few weeks ago.  At lunch you place your order and are given an order number and can sit anywhere you like much like Hello Bistro which is run by the same organization.  We decided to eat outside since it was a nice day, someone brought our iced teas and our meals quickly followed.  The pizza I ordered was good but we weren't sure how to get our iced teas refilled which didn't last very long on a 90 degree day.  There wasn't anyone going around so I eventually went inside and refilled our glasses with water from the self serve containers.  Great location, ok food but a bit overpriced for self serve.
2	It's really hard for me to review this because one part of me really liked it and the other part of me was so annoyed by it that I feel like I can't be truly biased.Let me say this: I love the overall look of the place. It doesn't feel like a typical restaurant you'd find in the city. It's hard for me to put a nail on the overall look of the place, but it's nice. It has a nice and comfortable theme to it. Nothing is overly done. It's stylized without being overly dramatic.The pizza I ordered was amazing. Actually the pizza's we ordered were both amazing. I'm not always a big fan of thin crust pizza because I'm kind of a pig and like my carbs, but this was pretty darn stellar. I loved the presentation and how the different spices/cheese were laid out for you.My biggest grip was the service. It was truly horrible. My biggest gripe about places is when the service is good only after the check has arrived. Did you forget that there was about 40 minutes prior when you were supposed to take care of me? We had other servers coming to us because they saw the lack of service being provided, which I'll say is very nice, but that's not their job. Would I go back? Yes. Would I ask for a new server if I got the same one as before? Most definitely.
2	Update: We tried brunch on another day, and were terribly disappointed. We tried a sandwich that spoke of 'pork belly' and egg on farm bread.  It turned out to be a very pricey egg sandwich with bacon.  We tried the place twice, and nothing made us go 'woooo' except for a cute waiter. Porch is definitely not worth the excessive prices.
5	There's nothing to not like about this place. Very pleasant atmosphere with views overlooking Schenley Plaza. Great outdoor seating. Fantastic salads, with creative toppings. Pizzas with enough flair to rival Dinette (with slightly doughier crust, if you care about that sort of thing). It's a bit spendy for your average college student, but an excellent choice if you are looking for something a bit classier than your normal joint in Oakland. Good drinks too. Also, kid friendly.
3	So, I am giving the 3 because of service.The food was very good. The pizza is a individual pizza, but more than enough if you order an appetizer. My girlfriend and I wanted to try Porch and decided tonight would be a great night to go. We each ordered a glass of wine. When I ordered my wine the server Nick questioned my order saying "That is a sweet wine".  Yes sir, I know what wine I want to drink tonight with my pizza. We then ordered the Farm Bread appetizer with Honey Butter, Apple Butter, and Fig, as well as the Bianca Pizza with goat cheese and figs. Nick made sure to comment about our order expressing his opinion about the small amount of food we ordered. Our bread came out 5 minutes later; Nick did not explain which spread was which and just walked away. We still did not have our wine. The manager walked by our table looking for our wine glasses, noticed we did not have any and delivered our wine.By the time our pizza came our water jug was empty. Nick did not ask us how our bread or wine was. He did not ask if we needed anything else. The pizza was as we expected. Small enough for one hungry person to eat, but large enough for 2 people not looking to stuff their faces. Our meal is now over. Nick comes to us with a small jar with our check inside. He asks if there is anything else he can do for the night, we said no and he gave us the check. Our plates are empty and nicely placed by the end of the table to be cleared. I am calculating the tip I want to give him since our food was brought out in a timely manner and was an excellent meal. However, I was not sure how much to tip for the service I received. We decided on a 15% tip and I rounded up to make the total bill a round dollar. While doing this Nick came by and looked over my shoulder. When I was done signing the check my girlfriend was still finishing her wine, and I joked "Watch him come take the signed check." Lo and behold Nick walks by, swiftly grabbing the jar, never clearing the table, and without a "Good Night" or "Thank you", he was gone....Watching other servers, I know Porch has some good staff. It is a shame that I was given such a bad server for my first experience there.
4	Went for lunch yesterday.  My first time here.  I love the menu options.  I would be very excited to try dinner.  Appreciate the fancy water!  I was so happy to see so many seating options.  We sat out on the patio, which was so pleasant--and with such gorgeous views of the cathedral etc.  I had the vegetable burger, and it was honestly perhaps the best veg burger I have ever had.  It was huge so I was also able to have it for dinner last night.  I also had the homemade soda, which was strawberry tarragon.  Also totally fantastic.  Not super sweet, which I really appreciate.  The staff was also totally lovely.  My one suggestion would be for the management to provide a tip jar at the front during lunch.  Those counter people and the food runners deserve to cash in a bit.  I look forward to returning!  Thank you!!
4	2 Words:  Cool Atmosphere.  This place sits on the edge of the lawn beside Pitt.  We missed the weekly drink specials since we came on Saturday but we ended up getting a couple of pitchers of Sangria.  My friend Katie (featured in the photo) ordered the Margherita pizza (see photo).  It was a good choice.  The pitchers went WAY too fast.  Kinda small (or we just drink really fast...lol).  I give this place a thumbs up.
4	The pizza Bianco was worth a big fat welcome to the Plaza- I have been holding out on this eatery because like most new things in Pittsburgh, this place had insider trading all over it.  Why and how did they get to build in the middle of a a fake park that took over a parking lot with the goal of returning the Plaza to it original use at the time of Mary Schenley. After eating this pizza I decided to leave my protest behind and congratulate Eat and Park for making a cool space and serving good food.  I think even Mary Schenley would like this pie. WE had a soup that was a weird corn chowder but it tasted really good- they gave us a taste and we liked it enough to order a bowl.  The cesaer salad was huge and very good.   They feature fresh local ingridients.  We had the " never order again" cookies platter for dessert and they were too think, too soft and tasted like a too bad use of butter and sugar- the gellato was very good, they served it in three scopes including hazelnut, vanilla and chocolate and I liked the Hazelnut the best.  Water is served in mason jars, serving staff is very nice and well trained.  pace is new and has a southern feel-large garage doors open air and their are outdoor tables.
4	Finally there's a great lunch place in Oakland.  The food is good and reasonably priced.  There are a lot of vegetarian options.  They get super crowded for lunch during the school year, and there can sometimes be long waits and slower service during the rush. The pizza is fabulous!
4	Delicious pizza and good (huge) sandwiches. Just a little pricy.
5	I ate here this past Saturday afternoon for lunch with my girlfriend and her parents.  I had been wanting to try this place for quite some time but joys of driving and parking in Oakland have helped to keep me away.  The outside of this place also does not look like much from Forbes but the inside is utterly charming.  Everything is super sleek and clean and they even have the restaurant trendy opening garage doors which were open whenever we came in.  It also looked like they had an outdoor fireplace which I was a fan of.For brunch my girlfriend and I decided to split two of the entrees with each other since we were having a hard time deciding on one.  The two that we decided to split were the rocket salad which had chorizo, beets, shallots and sunflower seeds with a sherry vinaigrette and the bianca pizza which came with fig jam, goat cheese, arugula and black truffle oil.  I started off with the salad and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The was a surprisingly amount of good tasting chorizo on the salad with some nice greens that combined perfectly with the soft beets and crunchy sunflower seed to make a perfect salad.  I honestly would have been happy if I had ordered that by myself and I am normally not a salad as a meal kind of guy.  The pizza came plated on what looked like a huge cookie sheet with small piles of red pepper, oregano and Parmesan at the top of the sheet for your use which I appreciated.  It was unlike any pizza that I have had before but not in a bad way.  The fig jam and goat cheese made it more savory that I had anticipated while the arugula helped with some freshness.  Overall I enjoyed but I do not think that I would order it again.  I was also able to taste the farm bread side dish which came with sides of jam, apple butter and honey butter.  All the sides were exceptionally good and added some great flavors to the bread.  I would not hesitate to order it again.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here in the future.  I really enjoyed everything that I had tried and loved that the fare was a bit more eclectic than normal.
3	Bad service nearly ruined a great restaurant. It took far too long for our order to be placed and far too long for the check to be delivered/picked up. Well over ten minutes for each of the aforementioned.The food is very good. My girlfriend and I had the Artisan Cheese appetizer along with the mushroom pizza. The cheeses were all tasty and I was a huge fan of the fig jam included on the platter. The mushroom pizza had some of the freshest mushrooms I've had on a pizza.I would definitely recommend this place despite the poor service. The atmosphere is top notch-- located on a nice green space across from the cathedral of learning. The decor is also very nice. You feel comfortable in the restaurant.
4	The Porch is a bar/restaurant nestled between food huts in Schenley Plaza, and a welcome one at that. It's always nice to have new options in Oakland. I have been here a few times and sampled the appetizers, pizzas, and several entrees.  I really enjoy the garden harvest salad, which is topped with mushrooms and goat cheese. Very tasty! When it comes to entrees, I have found that I like trying their daily specials when I can.  In early summer, The Porch had a delicious baked meatball offering.  The red snapper is also very good. My fish was perfectly cooked and served with clams and vegetables in a saffron broth. For some reason, I find the pizzas to be a bit bland, even their more creative ones. The "bianca" has an interesting pairing of fig and goat cheese, but comes off a bit TOO sweet.  The pesto-themed "genovese" is the opposite, and is much too salty for my taste. The dessert menu changes daily. The chocolate bread pudding was delicious, but the tiramisu wasn't as impressive. There are nice little touches that make The Porch a great place to go. First, I like that they have a self-serve water bar (glass coolers with fresh herbs and citrus). The Porch also has... a porch. I know, you're shocked! The outdoor patio and bar are the perfect place to have a casual drink and meal in the warmer months. There is also a fireplace in case it gets a bit chilly. As far as the bar goes, there is a small but well-chosen selection of seasonal beers on tap as well as a decent wine list.  A small warning, however. As The Porch attempts to use local ingredients, the only whiskey they have is from Wigle in the Strip. That's all well and good, but Wigle is a bit of an acquired taste, in my opinion. It will not taste the same in mixed drinks as Jack or Johnny. Overall, the Porch is an excellent addition to the Oakland restaurant and bar scene. The bartenders are just wonderful and so is the majority of the menu. If they reassess their pizza offerings, I may add the fifth star.
4	Great little place in Schenley Plaza. I'm sure it will be even better once it cools off a bit and you can take advantage of the outdoor seating. As others have noted, service was a bit slow--my draft beer came shortly after we ordered, but my friend's coffee had to be requested halfway through the meal since it still hadn't shown up. I had the pork sandwich, which was pretty good. If I go back I will definitely try one of the wood-fired pizzas, which looked delicious. All in all it was good, but not great. I wouldn't hesitate to go back, but there are other places in the Oakland/Shadyside area that I would probably return to first.
4	I try to avoid Oakland whenever possible due to the traffic and the lack of parking, but I biked down to the Porch today for brunch and I am so glad I did! The venue is great with both indoor and outdoor seating. We took advantage of the outdoor space since we won't have many more options to do that before the weather changes. Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about all of the dishes, and it seems like they use a lot of local ingredients.The menu is not extensive but there are so many appealing options! I was so torn in my decision I had to have someone else make it for me, and I ended up with quiche of the day, which was made with olive tapenade and feta. DELICIOUS. Not only was the quiche great (and different from any other quiche I've had), but the crispy were fantastic. They are nice and soft with just a little crunch to them, and they were flavored with a hint of rosemary. They are served with curry ketchup, which is different - and not in a bad way. It has a bit of a zing to it and is unlike anything I've tried before. I felt like it was a little early to be eating curry, but I got over that pretty quickly. I didn't try the pizza but it looked and smelled amazing. I also got a whiff of the pork belly from a nearby table, and will need to put that on the list to try as well.Oh! And did I mention the pitchers of mimosas? (They also have pitchers of sangria and margaritas, but it was a little too early for tequila or wine after a long Saturday night.)
4	Gorgeous location in Oakland in Schenley Plaza.  Watching the evening sunlight on the Cathedral of Learning from my table was a particular pleasure, after a long walk through Pitt and Carnegie-Mellon Universities. The food and drink were decent. The sangria, which they describe as "Our" Sangria was good but unspectacular (and not enough fruit). The pint of Night of the Living Stout (from nearby Full Pint Brewing Company) was much more distinctive. I had the burger and the caesar salad, both of which were excellent. The "crispy taters" that came with the burger were very good and pretty distinctive. The pickled vegetables were visually attractive, but not so much to my tastes. The place was not crowded when I went -- and service was friendly and snappy.
5	Sitting in the shadow of the Cathedral on a beautiful day having an interesting dinner is pretty cool.  The daily special was pork loin stuffed with pancetta  and herb and corn palenta.  Absolutely amazing.  My son enjoys the specialty pizzas.   A must for Pittsburgh foodies.
5	Best "fancy" pizza in town. Better than Dinette, which I also like, so it's not a slam on Dinette, just saying Porch does great pizza. Thin crust, baked in a very hot oven, with excellent toppings. (I had braised leeks, potato and egg with pecorino). I also really enjoyed the house soda the day I was there (pureed berries, mint and lavender). Perfect lunch on the patio overlooking the Cathedral. The day I was there, the service was fast enough that we were in and out in an hour, which is great for a business lunch.
4	I was looking for a casual-ish place to entertain business partners.  The parameters: decent bar options, food for picky eaters, dieters, as well as the slightly adventurous, and not about the break the bank.   I walked away from a fairly decadent meal for about $30 a head including tip and tax.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.Location: great neighborhood for those who know it, right by Pitt, CMU, and the Carnegie institute.  Street parking can be a bit of a pain.  And don't try finding the restaurant on your GPS- it's technically in a park, but it's visible from Forbes Street.  If you're doing an event here for folks out of town, be sure to give good directions about travel and parking.Appetizers:  I ordered plates of meat and vegetarian antipasti for the table with two cornbread skillets.  The food was appropriate for our table and there were small plates already out- but why no serving utensils?  Also- the cornbread skillet is somewhat awkwardly sized-- it's way too big, buttery, and dense for one person, too large to be romantic for two, probably more appropriate for four people to share, but it feels small.  I don't know.  I would almost prefer it if they did single-serve cornbread pieces that were a third the size of the cornbread dishes.Entrees- I was quite pleased with my scallops (well-seasoned, kind of unexpected combination with roasted pumpkins, I believe?)  and my table mates seemed pleased with their pizza (nice presentation on the pizza) and their hamburgers and veggie burger.Atmosphere: mostly a young adult crowd, kind of felt like a fresh twist on a diner.  Modern decor I found fitting, great park views, but the MUSIC! Top 40's dreck playing a bit too loudly for my taste.If I'm back in the area I'll definitely consider doing another meal here, but as far as I'm concerned this is not a place I'll go out of my way to visit again.
4	I really like this place. Clean with plenty of seating. Also has a nice outdoor seating area. I've had the veggie burger here, with a side salad, on multiple occasions and it really hits the spot. Tasty. Like the fancy water. I once had a salad here I didn't like, but I can't remember which one it was. Overall, a great place. I do have one suggestion- the whole take a number, seat yourself is nice but I noticed the staff having a hard time finding the right number to deliver the food. Perhaps there is a better way?
3	The service and the environment are both pretty good, but the food is rather normal. The portion is decent, but the quality (both the material used and the cooking skills) is as common as it can be...i.e. my husband would say I can cook better.
2	I had the "Hog special" last night, but it should be called "piglet". The description of pork BBQ, mashed potatoes, grilled fall veggies, etc, sounded delicious, and the meal was good, but TINY. My plate contained about 1 cup of food in total...and it cost $21!. Thank goodness my kids shared their pizza with me or I would have left hungry. I am 5'-5", 120 lbs, so no, I am not a "super-sizer" type....just expect an actual dinner serving for dinner.Another disappointment: we ordered "gelato" for dessert. They need to drop the fancy label, becasue they are not fooling anyone with what tasted like Giant Eagle store brand icecream.
2	This place is oddly frou frou for being right across from a college campus. I've been here twice, once for dinner with my parents and once for drinks and dinner with my BF. Since I'm a big bar food lover, the menu here is too uppity for my tastes. They don't have french fries, but these weird potato balls that are seasoned. I ended up getting the margherita pizza both times, which is big enough to share (it had better be for ~$11). The atmosphere is okay, and sitting outside on a nice day is decent. I'm not a beer drinker but my BF wasn't too impressed with their beer offerings.Overall, a good place to visit during happy hour or later for 1/2 price pizza, but other than that it's too fancy (and expensive) for my tastes as far as food goes.
5	great rib
3	My wife & I dined at The Porch tonight for the first time.  We were seated immediately (it was early - later they got crowded).  Our waitress was very knowledgable and helpful in describing the menu items we were considering.  We decided to share one of their Rocket salads and one of their Margarita pizzas.  We had a reasonably priced bottle of tasty Sangiovese wine.  The salad was very good, with shaved cheese, slices of chorizo and other goodies and plenty to share.  Likewise, the pizza was also very good, and provided enough to eat that we had no room for dessert.  We especially liked that the pizza, which was served on a cookie sheet, was accompanied by three small piles of toppings - finely grated cheese, dried red pepper flakes, and oregano.  We enjoyed adding a pinch of each to our pizza slices.  Their pizza crust is quite thin (our preference).  We both thought that there was something a bit too salty about the pizza, and after further review, we concluded that the saltiness was in the crust.  We each had a double espresso before leaving.  We will return, and probably often given their close proximity to the Carnegie and Phipps.  When we left, we went outside and checked out their outdoor fireplace and patio area, and concluded that would be a wonderful spot to dine in warmer weather.
4	The porch has a good selection of interesting food, decent wine list, a nice atmosphere that is appropriate for a date or business dinner/lunch, and in located in an extremely convenient location if you work at CMU or PITT.  Great veggie burger and good pizzas. $15-$30.
5	Eat N Park. The old Pittsburgh chain establishment is like that guy you knew in college. We all knew that guy. He would wear nothing but Nittany Lion hoodies and ripped jeans all the time. He would wake up at 11, skip class, eat ramen noodles, nap until 5, order a pizza, and be ready for the party by 10. 90% of the time, this kid was a pleasure to be around. Funny, endearing, yet ultimately harmless. But that other 10% of the time, he would be utterly obnoxious. Having a bit too much drink, hitting on your girl, getting into bro fights, calling your cell phone at 3am because he needs to be bailed out of jail, etc. And when he would act up, it would make you not want to hang out with him (or her) for the next 3 months.Flash forward five years. You're downtown and you run into this guy. He's still got the same personality but he looks...different. He's graduated, has gotten a job, is dressing better. You can tell he's been hitting the gym. And he still likes to party, but in moderation, with Christmas Ales taking the place of Keystone Light and bourbon cocktails taking the place of Vladimir out of a paper bag. This is the Porch in a nutshell.Southern Tier Christmas Ale was awesome.Farm Bread was awesome.Prime Rib was done to perfection. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to see Eat N Park all grown up.
4	I can imagine this place being a go-to restaurant for many people.  It's got great range of menu options and price points.  It's not an extensive menu, like the Cheesecake Factory - but you can get good pizza or a duo of rabbit.  (The kid's pizza by the way, was probably some of the best pizza I've had in a while.)Oh yeah, for those with kids, this place is very kid friendly.  The kids menu is standard, but pretty good.  I actually ate my kid's pizza, which was huge!  There were 4-5 large slices, for only $6.  I'm pretty sure The Porch will be on our short list of places to eat when we want to go out with the rugrats.  It's basically an upscale Eat 'n Park (same owners, so that makes sense I guess.)Give it a try.
4	Really enjoyed the arugula pizza I ordered. Good atmosphere and great service.
4	Just a great meal all around!  Great atmosphere, too.The appetizers were sooo goood!The Tuna special was outstanding!  One of the best Tuna's I have ever eaten.Fun place for the family before the Pitt BB game.Just love eating at The Porch.
3	I want to love this place.  The idea is great, the price points are great.  The restaurant itself is really fun in design. The staff are really niceHowever, the food is really hit or miss.  It's not that it is prepared badly it's just that the recipes are often trying so hard to be different they just don't taste that good.  I say this after two visits.  The first time I got a pizza with prosciutto. The meat was just to strong. The second visit I got a turkey sandwich. Great turkey, great bread, bad combination of condiments.I may go back but I will just get the simplest thing on the menu, like the bread with butter and jam that is really awesome.
5	Food Hounds... there are times that ole' Brim and the boys get SO attached to the food at a restaurant, that we get a hankering for their delicious treats while on the road and count down the minutes until we are re-visiting a specific city and can once again dine on their delectable eats!  The Porch at Schenley Park happens to be one of these places and we were lucky enough to fit a visit into our schedule... this time - for Breakfast!  I cannot begin to tell you how excited we were because the dinner we had here awhile back was simply epic.  Now, breakfast is done a tad bit differently as the inside dining room is not open to the public; however you place your order at a ginormous window that reminded me of the Wizard of Oz.  It seemed as if all the answers to everything in life were right behind that window - in this case; it was the BEST answer to my grumbling tummy!  We had the two of their breakfast delicacies - a hearty slab of freshly baked fluffy and tasty sourdough (made in house), split open and stuffed with over-medium local free-range eggs (SO good), fresh butchered and smoked bacon (butchering done in house) and flavored to Chef Kevin's liking; then drizzled with melted Vermont cheddar... orgasmic!  Next up, we again enjoyed that insanely soft sourdough; but this time smeared with homemade raspberry jam and honey butter (unreal), then stuffed with prosciutto, Parmesan cheese and topped with juicy eggs! WIN... WIN... WIN...!  After begging a little bit, management did me the honor of making me those addictive Smashed Potatoes that I have had on my mind for over a year - Yukon Gold potatoes smashed and fried to perfection.  LOVE them.  I have to say that we enjoyed our dining for a second time at The Porch; fresh food - fresh coffee - great start me up! If you are a student or work in the area, I'd start my day off there as often as possible if I were you.  Also, I'd watch out for their Brunch served starting at 10am on Saturdays and Sundays... that is next on our list!
2	This place is...ok. Not awful, not truly bad, occasionally borderline good on better days, definitely not great. It's just ok. Sometimes.I have no complaints with The Porch by design - it's set-up is cozy, there's an awesome mini bar and a roaring fire out back, it has indoor and outdoor seating (weather permitting) - heck, while at Pitt it was super convenient location-wise. And yet, I never found myself coming here. The few times I have been here - recently for lunch, once for a happy hour - were at someone else's suggestion, rather than mine.I definitely take issue with their menu rather than the place itself. One, because it's often unclear as to what comes with a meal and what doesn't (I'm looking at you, sandwiches that come with taters even though the menu says nothing and makes me think I need to order them separately). And two, the options often seem so limited, ESPECIALLY on Sunday's, when one side of a small laminated piece of paper features any and all food items available (you better like egg-based dishes or pizza, by the way, because that's what you usually get to choose from) and the other side highlights all of the drinks available. And that's all, folks! There's just so little to choose from - especially since many of the dishes offered are comprised of ingredients I (someone who is not particularly picky when it comes to food) don't tend to like when mixed together; sometimes sure, you can ask for those things to be removed during the process of making the food, but others are so central to the dish overall that you really can't do that. I really believe that this is a result of The Porch trying too hard to stand out in a food-dominated area. But Oakland already has a restaurant with oddball ingredients and dishes - and Fuel & Fuddle does this far better and with tastier results than The Porch!So far I've enjoyed the Porch's margarita pizza and their Prime rib sandwich, but man, I ended up hating their house burger. Once I was able to try a very strange looking Quiche, and one of the ingredients in it was extremely bitter and ruined the entire dish for me. Yeah, definitely trying too hard to be different, guys.Also, I've come to not expect much from the staff. Once a friend and I went here only to find out after waiting to be approached by a waitress for 10 minutes that half of the menu we'd been given wouldn't even be available until later that day. What in the heck, guys...why did you even give us that menu??? Why didn't the person seating us say a word? The disorganization was just horrendous that day.I admittedly liked coming here for their happy hours and give credit where credit is due: The Porch has a wonderful cheese plate to go with a glass of wine. So sure, stop by for that, maybe - but I do not recommend this place for a full, satisfying meal. You may find something that fits this criteria if you really want to - but you definitely won't find it easily, especially if you visit on a Sunday.
4	Good brunch - it wasn't crowded which was probably due to the fact that school was still out of session.  The food & coffee was fresh and the service was decent.  The breakfast potatoes were the best I've ever eaten.  The cinnamon rolls were fine but I would not order them again.  Too much cream cheese-like topping and not enough going on in the rolls themselves, like cinnamon or nuts, etc.
2	The Porch was a welcomed addition to the space near the Cathedral of Learning for going out after academic talks or taking visiting scholars to a nice lunch in a good-looking place nearby. The food was good enough although limited (as many other reviewers have pointed out), and the drinks are excellent and they have a variety of beers available. This place has gone downhill since it first opened, however -- particularly the service. I have only had one server in this place do even a halfway decent job, and I think he was actually a dishwasher or cook filling in for a server during a desolate lunch shift. Every other time, the server takes upwards of 20 minutes to bring drinks, it's like pulling teeth to get a pitcher of water delivered to the table, and forget about asking for refills or silverware or condiments -- they'll stop by the table and only take one person's request, then disappear for another 20 minutes, after which you'll need to remind them of your request. The most disappointing thing happened just yesterday, when one server who was working a dinner/happy hour service announced that she was sick with the flu that's been going around as she delivered my colleague's salad to the table. I feel bad for the woman for being sick and working through it, of course, but perhaps management should allow their sick employees to take nights off so they don't feel the need to announce their misery to their customers. In short, the service in this place is so bad that the food doesn't even make it worth going. However, it remains the closest and most viable option for many academics in the area, and I think that is the sole reason this place will continue to survive.
4	1. Get the Pizza Bianca. Figs and Arugula and Goat Cheese and Yum.2. Get the homemade bread, jam, and butter. Simple and Delicious. The outdoor seating provides a fun spot to eat and drink in the summer months, and since there is so much seating I have never had to wait long. Great place to take your parents as a college student since it looks onto the Cathedral of Learning.
4	A fast place for grabbing a great casual lunch! The soup was good, as was the veggie burger. It had lots of delicious toppings and the pattie tasted decent - probably wasn't made-from-scratch that morning, but hey, it was leagues better than a typical veggie burger, and we're talking entrees less than $10, not a five star fancy restaurant here. This place definitely is not the "let's microwave a Boca patty and slap it on a stale bun" version of veggie burger, thankfully!Service is reasonably quick for lunch, as you place the order at the counter prior to taking a seat (good luck finding one at peak times), although waiters deliver the food to the table. In the winter it's too cold to sit outside, but the location of this place makes it perfect to sit on the grassy lawn next to it! Definitely not a bad place to go if you're nearby.
4	Went with group of friends. Had calamari for appetizers and assortment of pizza for entree. Really good environment and good service.
2	I went here recently since everyone has been raving about the food. I left extremely disappointed. First, as we sat down at a table in the center of the restaurant we were greeted by an overwhelming, unpleasant odor of rot. It was uncertain if this was coming from other guests' food or not. From there, we ordered two different pizzas that were exceptionally underwhelming. There was no real difference in taste between a margherita pizza and a butternut squash pizza because the ingredients were all so bland. Overall, I would recommend avoiding this restaurant. Its convenient because it bills itself as a nice, real restaurant in walking distance from CMU and Pitt but parents beware- its worth a little further of a trip to avoid eating here.
3	This place really is hit or miss. It is GREAT for a nice day, because you can sit outside, but sometimes the food is, well, bad. I've consistently had good pizza there, but sometimes they are out of ingredients. Nothing seems to be consistent from one day to the next and they seem to run out of stuff a lot.I really wish this place was better :( but I will keep going anyways for the atmosphere.
3	I really like the ambiance in the place (exposed filament light bulbs,) great location, garage doors that open up to Schenley Plaza when it's nice...  However, the food plays second fiddle to the atmosphere in my opinion.Having tried various soups, salads, and sandwiches (which are just OK for the price) I think the way to go here is with the wood-fired pizza that they make in their own oven.  Pizzas are pretty large although one person could finish it off....this is pretty much my go-to option here now (even for brunch.)
4	I had the breakfast sandwich on their house made bread and it was fantastic. I was really enjoying it, until I tried my husbands breakfast bowl. Holy cow it was fantastic! The chorizo is the highlight of this dish and it was amazing. I LOVED the crispy potatoes with the curry ketchup. Such a fantastic combination. They also offer Mimosas and Bloody Marys, not listed on the menu, but they are available. The Bloody Mary was loaded with horseradish (which I LOVE) but the tomato juice tasted really watery. I was a little bummed out by that but not enough to put a damper on our brunch. We will definitely return and I loved that we didn't wait a bit for a table at 11:30 on a Sunday. It was awesome. Parking can be difficult, but it's Oakland, what do you expect?
2	I read the reviews but wanted to give this place a chance since I pass it every day to and from school.I wish I would have never stopped.It's a cool place for perhaps meeting friends for a drink but the food is overpriced for the quality--at least for the veggie burger. It was as if the cooks took whatever veggies they had laying around and mixed them into a paste and grilled it. No real consistency in what I was eating. Random flavors, pleasant and not, throughout the burger. I only ate half of it. Very disappointed.
4	We went to The Porch this past Saturday and the food was delicious. My wife had never been to The Porch before so the waitress was explaining that the food was mainly organic or natural food with the exception to their water. She said the water is not organic but it is locally sourced and 100% guaranteed to contain water molecules previously drank by Julius Caesar. Which sounds awesome; unless you grew up in the British education system. Which is why my wife asked me if Julius Caesar was a famous US President.We started off with the cast iron cornbread and scallops. Both tasted good. We especially liked the honey butter with the cornbread. The scallops came with risotto and some type of nut in a spicy red sauce. I couldn't quite determine what was in the red sauce, but it tasted so good.For the entrees, we had the Filet Mignon and Salmon. The filet was wrapped in bacon and perfectly cooked. I personally don't like broccoli rabe. I don't know why people like broccoli rabe so much. I always feel like I am getting cheated out of the good broccoli parts. I also didn't like the Violet Mustard sauce under the filet that much. I would really like to try a blue cheese sauce with some sort of alcohol in it. The salmon and all of the side dishes were delicious. The skin on the salmon was nice and crispy. I have never been able to get the salmon skin this crispy at home and don't know how hard it is for a trained chef, but most places don't nail this dish the way The Porch nailed this dish. This dish was put together and cooked so well, that there is nothing to improve on with this dish. If you like salmon, this is a wondrous dish. We will definitely be back soon.
2	Porch just makes me so angry...I want to like it, I really do.  It's within walking distance to home, it has awesome outdoor seating and it's slightly more upscale than most of the Oakland restaurant.  However, I can't like it.  I just can't.  The menu lacks variety and what they do have is overpriced and overcomplicated.  They seem to be having a bit of an identity crises in that you pour your own water out of a glass milk bottle and use tea towels as napkins, but pay $19 for a tiny piece of salmon.  Are we "country" or "upscale?"  I'm still trying to figure that out.Also, the happy hour is decent, but you are only allowed to enjoy it if you are seated in the bar.  That might be ok if the restaurant didn't have an open floor plan.  I've eaten there and have literally paid twice as much for the same drink as the person sitting within an arm's length of me.  God forbid you try to order a drink at the bar and take it back to your table!The pizzas are ok if you're buying them during dinner or lunch.  If you're there for their night time 1/2 priced pizzas, the quality goes down significantly.So far I've been here half a dozen times and each time, I'm left feeling disappointed and that I paid way too much for what I got.  Unless things improve, I won't be going back anytime soon.
3	Not too many choices for the food. I ordered the saussage and mushroom pizza and the taste was fine. nothing extraordinary. But it's nice to sit outside in the summer and have drinks. The margaritta was pretty good.
3	A convenient place  to take your Pitt student to lunch or dinner. Although there is a large menu, the flatbread pizzas seem to be the best item on the menu.  There is a large outdoor seating area, which would be great in nice weather (it was cold and rainy on our visit).  Wine, beer and cocktails available.  Moderate prices.
4	This was a really fun place, and is a memorable experience for both food and ambiance.The Porch's ambiance is young and hip with tall ceilings, garage-door-type walls that open up to let in some air, and big visible pizza ovens.  Sitting down, you're definitely in the middle of it all, but you also have some privacy.The food was fun, too.  The pizzas were creative but not zany.  The Bianca, for example, had cheese, figs, and truffle oil.  A tasty combination that I haven't seen elsewhere, but that immediately sounded delicious.  And so I ordered--and loved--it.The pizzas are individual-sized and are served on metal trays.  You get your pizza and then up to a trio of sides--fresh parmesan, super spicy red pepper flakes, and some oregano.  I say "up to" because the kitchen only gives you the sides that would taste good on your pizza.  My Bianca did not come with oregano, for example.The pizzas were all delicious!  I tried the margarita, bianca, and piggy.  The crust was some of the best crust I've ever had--soft and chewy and warm.  I also heard good things about the burger.The drinks were also creative and tasty.  I had the pineapple sage margarita.  While it was a little sweet (and this is coming from a dessert fanatic), I still enjoyed it.  I also tasted the "almost" arnie and the porch pink lemonade and liked them both.
5	*My review is for brunch only* Slightly surprised to see lower ratings for this place. First off, the interior really makes the experience enjoyable. The Porch has a light and airy look and feel, and I loved all the details such as the cute milk bottles & tea towels. It certainly beats eating in a sticky booth at a greasy spoon. Our waiter was accommodating, fast, and pleasant. An A-plus for overall experience!As for the food, I was pleased that the brunch menu was short and simple with frittatas, chorizo, warm farm bread...all fresh and mouth watering! Add a mimosa and I'm a happy girl. If you want a run of the mill, 100 item menu then perhaps this isn't your place.
4	I was visiting from out of town and really enjoyed this place! The atmosphere is great, but the food was a tad overpriced for all that you received. At least it was tasty! I wasn't expecting you to order a window but it makes the process a bit quicker and I can see how it works for students in the area. I had their thin crust pizza and thought it was great. It's nice that they have fruity flavored water for free in their main lobby and also the service was great, the food came out quickly for how many people were in the area!
4	The Piggie Pizza.....so good! A layer of meat covered by a layer of cheese. Very delicious. The house soda, blueberry lavender, was a little strange. But the service was fast, and the place was nice. Also the farm bread was very good.
4	Not a bad place at all! You order at the counter, take a seat, and the waitstaff will do the rest.Their pulled pork sandwich is pretty darn good.We got their special pizza - bacon, potato, egg, and some other stuff I don't remember - it was really good, but it was a bit salty. Cause of the cheese. No marinara sauce with this one. Also the farmer's bread. Dang, the honey butter and apple butter. SO GOOD. Omg I love. I want to make my own honey butter now.Also, I really like their seating area. They have some outdoor seating and seats that are inside but by the open window so it's both in and out. It's great. Also, the wait staff is really nice. And they're really nice about letting you stay. My friend and I stayed long after finishing eating and they just cleared the table and just let us stay. It was really nice.
4	So happy this place opened. There were too few good restaurants walking distance from CMU. I have gone many times and have always been very pleased with the food and service.
5	A cool place that is different than most places in Oakland.  They have really good food with unique flavors and are located right in Schenley Plaza with good outdoor seating.  I've been there for lunch, dinner, and drinks and it was good every time.  Would highly recommend giving it a try.  One thing to note.  Picky eaters are not usually a fan of this place.
4	Very enjoyable place to have a classier meal than your standard college fare, even though it's right in the middle of CMU and UPitt. The inside is very clean, yet rustic and whenever I walk in it gives me a really happy feeling.Make sure you come here on weekdays after 9pm for half-off pizzas! Their menu often changes with the season, but in the Fall get their Butternut Squash Pizza. The sweetness of the squash goes great with the cheese. The crust of all their pizzas are always crispy and they give you three little piles of toppings: parmesan cheese, herbs, chili peppers.If you are a carnivore I recommend getting the Piggie Pie. It's covered with bacon, sausage, ham, etc. I find it a little bit too salty for my taste though.Some of the dishes I ordered here are no longer on the menu because their menu changes seasonally, but here are some of the permanent sides and appetizers I recommend:Cornbread - I love love love their cast-iron cornbread. It's one of the most savory, buttery, delicious corn bread I've ever had. They put real corn in it and it comes out piping hot. The top of it is crispy unlike normal cornbread. My favorite appetizer here.Crispy Taters - Another thing worth trying are their roast potatoes. It's full of herbs and comes with a delicious curried ketchup.For the entrees, go for the more expensive/classier dishes like the duck. My friend who's ordered the ribeye there once said it wasn't cooked right and later he felt sick after eating it.
4	Awesome food and atmosphere. The first time we went we were seated and or order taken it was awesome service. Recently we went we were to seat ourselves after ordering at the counter. I never got my drink, silverware or was able to add on to my order. The service was disappointing
3	Out of towners here.  Touring the cathedral and got hungry and this place is across the street.  Nice fast casual service.  Everyone was friendly.  The food was good and had some interesting notes.  We got the turkey sandwich and the burger both with potatoes.  There was nothing wrong with any of it.  A little expensive, but what I would expect in a busy area.  Also a nice view of the area.  Nothing spectacular, but no big faults either.
4	So today is an ALL Oakland day for eating...   Pretzel sandwich breakfast, hospital cafeteria lunch, salad afternoon and The Porch for dinner.  Never accuse me of not trying to help PGH businesses... of course, one of the aforementioned is inside a billion-dollar non-profit and two of the others are owned by an (assuming) near billion-dollar corporation (but a PIttsburhg corp nonetheless).Anyway - diatribe aside.  I was very impressed with The Porch.  Once you figure out the seating (grab 'em as you see 'em), you can settle in to a relaxing atmosphere with a good  mixture of people that makes Oakland so fun.I hit up the pizza and soup - and was very impressed.  I initially thought that the portions looked small, but upon finshing, I realized how full I was!  My colleague went with a salad and was happy with the presentation and taste.  Oh, and more beer... it helps to wash down a long day and it was ice cold!
3	The lunch we had here was quite good.  The pizza was outrageously good, chorizo & eggs very good, and the sandwich was (just) good.  I agree with the comments about the servers, as the staff seem to be college students who vary in their attention, earnestness, and ability; while we were there one spilled a cup of coffee all over the floor at a nearby table.  Since I'm not a local I don't know what this restaurant's signature dish or theme is, so if there was one it didn't translate.  But I'd go back again for more pizza.
4	They have good location. Right around campus. In front of the Schenley Plaza, where there are often music and child events going on. When it's nice weather, just go sit outside and enjoy the good sunshine.They used to have duck leg that is absolutely delicious...just having a smell of it takes you to heaven...but they change their menu from time to time so the heavenly duck leg is no longer there... Wish they could bring it back...They have great creative pizzas too.
4	Not too shabby!  The wife and I ended up stopping by for brunch on a whim after running some errands in Oakland and it ended up being a good bet.Has the upscale E&P feel similar to 6Penn, but with a fantastic location right at Schenley.  The wife's Chorizo & Eggs was great (the curry ketchup & potatoes were the best part) and my summer bread salad was alright (great marks for uniqueness, but overall it was lacking in the flavor department).The real star of the show here was a great brunch appetizer special...  a ginormous bunch of cinnamon rolls in a cast iron skillet.  Looking back, I wish I would of just ordered a second round of those!They do have a limited selection of drafts and cocktails, and I saw a few tables order what looks to be like some pretty tasty pizza.Not a must-try, but definitely a good place for grub.
5	I was alone. As I sometimes am. And this place was in the perfect location, with the perfect way to purchase, with a great selection of seating during lunchtime. I was so afraid i'd have to deal with a waiter or get something super fancy. But low and behold this simple but diverse menu of good, fresh food. And I had a very delicious take on a veggie burger. Obviously this was made in house. Sit outside if possible, request a bottle of water, and enjoy your slow afternoon.
3	The Porch is one of my favorite casual dining spots in the city.  The food is consistently good, I love a place that uses local produce and has open air seating and a great ambiance.  The only downfall that seems to happen to me more often than not...is incredibly slow service.  Not as frequently at dinner, but every time I stop in and order lunch to go, either I wait 20 minutes for a salad, or someone loses my order etc.  Maybe it's just bad luck, or maybe I always pick the busy days...but if you're in a hurry to get back to the office, this might not be the spot to choose for take out.  If you're dining in and have time to wait and relax...it's perfection!
3	Brunch was excellent with some of the best potatoes I've ever had. The chorizo and eggs were great.  And the farmbread and apple butter..delicious. If I was rating on brunch alone, easily 5 stars.Unfortunately I was underwhelmed by lunch and even more so by dinner, hence only 3 stars. If you are looking for a brunch spot with wonderful outside dining where you are not haveing to suck car exhaust fumes, give Porch a shot. I think the outdoor dining may be the best in the city.
4	I had been meaning to try the Porch out for some time. As a CMU and Pitt alum, I unfortunately missed out on experiencing the Porch when I was in undergrad and grad school. This would have been a perfect spot for brunch, get togethers, and more. With that being said, it was a good experience. The only thing that I did not like was the seating arrangements. Opting to sit outside, my two friends and I were placed at a very high table with a very small amount of table space. The pizza that was ordered took up half the table! And there were other outdoor tables available, so this is my only complaint. The rest of our brunch made up for the poor seating arrangements. The wait staff was courteous and very attentive, so I got to have three refills of coffee, which I'm sure my friends appreciated... :) We ordered two breakfast varieties and a pizza, which were all very tasty. My favorite thing to taste was the curry ketchup! Apparently everything is made in-house, too, so the chefs in the back must know what they're doing! The prices are great, too. But I always forget how affordable Pittsburgh is! I miss it.Did I mention the location of this place? You are in the heart of Oakland and right next to Schenley. It's like you are supposed to take a nice stroll after lunch.
4	We've been visiting Porch for quite a while. We generally go here before or after events at the Carnegie Library or when my wife is done at school. The location is terrific. It is right on Schenley Plaza, which is opens out onto during nice weather. This is great during the summer months. The ambiance inside is very nice. Modern but it is warm with a little personality. We have never had a problem with the staff; they have always been very friendly and helpful with us.On to the food. I generally get a pizza. They are really really good. It is thin crust, and it approaches a New Haven-style pizza but it is more chewy than crispy. The toppings seem to be high-quality. I like to keep my pizza plain here (just cheese and sauce) although the meat-za is good as well. I've also had the prime rib. It is pretty good, but you need to be careful, as they tend to overcook it based on what you ask for. I asked for it Medium and it had very little pink. You definitely don't want to go more than Medium Rare here.We often get the side of potatoes which are very nice and flavorful. The hot donuts are also pretty good. I avoid the dipping sauce as I think they are flavorful enough without it.They have a basic list of beers on tap and in bottle. Somewhat uniquely, they have Duquesne on tap! Certainly not a "premium" beer but good on a hot summer day.Definitely we will keep coming back, particularly in the summer.
4	Hugs and kisses to the staff and management at The Porch!  I have lived in Pittsburgh for what seems like 8,000 years and who knew a restaurant inside the city had a sustainable garden on the roof????  Talking about eating local???I recently ate The Porch and I found the smoked wings to be amazing!  They had a slightly porky flavor (how did they achieve that feat?) and were crispy outside, without being cooked.  The roast potatoes with curry ketchup...yummy!  The artisanal meat and cheese tray was simply lovely, along with the roasted vegtables.  Friends of mine ordered the skillet cornbread and were threatening to kill anyone who got in the way of them taking bites.All in all, a wonderful meal in slightly urbane yet comfortable surroundings.  Who could ask for more?  Not I!  As a matter of fact, the blend of indoor/outdoor dining spaces has inspired me to rethink the design of my own backyard.  Yay me!
4	The Porch has officially become one of my future "go to" spots for casual dinning. When friends come to visit my family we will be taking them to The Porch. Even though The Porch provides a relaxed casual environment just like many others, what sets this place apart from the rest is the aesthetics and location. I'll get to these in a moment.First the service is cheerful, happy and a delight. Exactly what you might expect being located near two major universities. However, the wait staff are not typical "I don't care nor do I want to try" college age kids who are just working for spending money. They are professional and patient. The food was excellent. I was told by many to get their homemade pizza but I couldn't resist the lamb special. I would not expect a place like this to serve lamb let alone a lamb dish this great), but this goes to show the range The Porch has. Fortunately others in my group order the pizza and I got to try. It was a perfectly dry crust (not greasy) and a delicious artistic pizza. You cannot go wrong with any of them. The beverages have a great range of wines, beers and spirits. Whats especially great is their use of local breweries. Utilizing local products is always a big plus in my book. Now for location and aesthetics. The location is excellent. Right near Pitt and CMU and the Natural History Museum. The landscape is beautiful, and as a parent of an almost 3 year old boy, having the huge groomed field away from the streets was a blessing. With nice weather you can safely let your kids run around within eye sight. So parents, bring your kids run around and tire them out before dinner. The decor was great. Very warm and inviting and fitting to the culture of The Porch. I love seeing the Edison light bulbs in use. Big open doors and windows and a fire place outside that I cannot wait to use this winter. Again, this is a great place for casual "let's go out for dinner" dinners. No additional thought needed to plan ahead. Show up and relax. As I used in previous reviews, I will use the 5 senses guide (1-10) to guide you in your decision to go.Sight: 8- beautiful scenery of the university and the architecture and decor.Sound: 6-outside you can hear each other well, but inside on a busy night, it can get a bit noisy, Taste: 8- the lamb helped this. Again, surprised by it, an the pizzas a a hit.Touch: 4 - it is a restaurant so this is never a high score unless you eat exclusively with your hands, but as said before the pizza in perfectly dry, no oily/greasy crusts to battle.Smell: 7 - with good food comes good smells.
3	Location is fantastic, as others have said, and being able to sit outside is an automatic bump up in stars. But overall, I don't myself wanting.to go back too often unless I'm in Oakland looking at it. The pizza is okay because it's fresh, but they don't know what margherita means. The 'Piggie Pie' with jam and pork is actually really good, and my favorite of the pizzas. Drinks are expensive unless it's happy hour, and even then you have to be AT the bar, not seated in the restaurant, to get the happy hour price. Restrictions like this are really prohibitive, especially when the actual 'bar' is only ten feet long. Even the servers don't understand the policy, and I'm sure its effects get taken out mainly on them. Overall: Okay food, busy & popular for its location. Never had a HUGE problem with service, aside from occasionally waiting a bit too long for some things. PS - I personally understand the charge for bread service - I've worked in restaurants my whole life. I would personally never charge for bread, but OK, I get it. Even so, $4 for 'Farm Bread' with little tins of jelly and butter is a bit much.
4	The food was absolutely delicious, the service was great, abd the atmosphere was very nice. I would go back in a heartbeat.
5	I had heard wonderful things about The Porch and finally ventured over to Oakland to try the restaurant for a recent Yelp event. However, I enjoyed the event so much that I came back with a friend just two days later. The atmosphere of the restaurant is fantastic. Not only is the patio - or should I say, the porch - of the restaurant great but so is the interior. It feels very modern and relaxed at the same time.I ordered the Bianca Pizza, a delicious concoction made with fig jam, goat cheese, arugula, and black truffle oil. Since pizza often requires a beer, I ordered my favorite beer of all time (that they have on tap) which is Full Pint White Lightning. My friend had already eaten and just ordered three flavors of gelato - vanilla, chocolate, and hazelnut. She said the flavor of the vanilla was just out of this world.If you're ever looking for a beautiful and laid back place to enjoy a delicious meal made with local ingredients, this is the place for you. I'm already dreaming of coming back again.
3	We enjoyed the atmosphere (semi outdoor dining) and the sustainable ecosystem here.  They grow their own produce and have a behive on the roof to pollinate their own plants!  I loved the organic feeling of it all.  We tried several items: pizza appetizer (yum), Lake Erie Grouper (yum), veggie burger (decent).  The drinks were unique.  I didn't enjoy the Pink Lemonade cocktail - the description led me to believe there would be pureed raspberries but the drink tasted poor and syrupy.  I also tried the gin and tonic and found the gin to be too zingy for my taste (something local, I believe).  Beers were consistent.  This is a great location, a cool vibe, but the drinks and food were fine, just nothing above average.
4	Portions are a bit skimpy for the price, but overall great food.  I like the freshness factor to their drinks (e.g., cucumber water) and sandwiches / pizza.
2	The food here is good, the location choice, but the service on the other hand is Neither. Rude waiters ruin the experience,-- Ruthann did so for us.
2	Really amazing porch but the rudest service I have ever had in my life. Kept trying to give her the benefit of the doubt but at each interaction she was so rude. I think her name is Ruthann. Horrible. Won't go back because of her.
5	I'm writing this review a few weeks after having dinner at The Porch, and it's still a fond memory after all this time!  It was just that good.I was unprepared for how much I was going to like this place.  The ambiance was fantastic.  I hope next time when I eat there (and I am already planning my return) that I can sit outside while the weather is still warm.  It's in a beautiful part of Oakland, smack in the middle of Pitt territory.  We had a starter of fried calamari which was done to perfection. I had the best veggie burger I think I've ever had. Period.  It was all home made and fresh.  And my beloved had a grilled porch chop that he's still talking about. Everything was fresh and our server was charming and attentive.  I am so happy we stopped in and even happier that we've found a new favorite place.
4	Visiting from Florida we stopped in for lunch on Labor Day and were impressed by the inside atmosphere and vibe and the cool outside porch/deck area. The atmosphere really sells the place and the food is good too.The line was quickly amassing so we ordered fast - a grilled cheese and crispy taters (order these. Do not share them!) and a roasted vegetable salad and scoop of blood orange gelato for me. As we sat down and waited for our food we noticed several people eating pizza. It looked and smelled delicious. So we went back up and ordered a pizza.My salad was okay. The dressing wasn't overly flavorful. His grilled cheese was good. The potatoes -- oh, the potatoes. Round potatoes that were uber crisp on the outside and velvety on the inside were served with a bit of fresh rosemary and a cup of chipotle ketchup. Thumbs up.Gelato was okay. The pizza was good but the meat was a bit salty. It comes with a trio of oregano, red pepper flakes and freshly grated cheese for you to sprinkle at your own leisure.Good experience. Fantastic spot with tons of windows.
4	I had been wanting to try this place for about 6 months - finally got the chance on Sunday night....1. Food was good - I had the burger, the other person with me had the prime rib sandwich - both were very good and presentation was nice2. Atmosphere was great - sat outside on the porch - nice area to eat with a view of Pitt3. Service was really good - they made a small mistake on my order but caught it before I could even get the words out of my mouth - it was fixed within 5 minsNice place, would definitely go back, especially in warm weather months to sit outside
4	Great location and happy hour. Interesting pizzas, salads, sandwiches. Awesome breakfast sandwiches! A little pricey, but not too bad when you consider the venue. A perfect place for lunch in Oakland!
3	Working in Oakland I am here a lot for lunch and happy hour. I have never had a bad meal and love being able to sit outside.  It is a relaxed atmosphere and a great place for happy hour with nice drink specials. On my recent visit they had a delicious pumpkin beer. I definitely recommend the pizza as they always have fresh toppings.  Our server wasn't the friendless but he got the job done and with a large group of people coming and going always checked in on us.
4	Tasty and fun!We went here a few weeks back for a birthday party, and were impressed with the quality of the food, the friendliness of the staff, and the overall ambience. Pizzas are the bomb here - they come out fast, and taste marvelous. Wait staff were truly helpful and friendly, and they were extremely attentive.The location is great - you can hang out on the grass at Schenley Plaza and then dart in for a quick bite to eat. Will definitely be back.
3	Half-price pizza 9-12--good deal! Didn't love the pizza though. It was just ok. I got three kinds--the Bianca (which isn't as good as it sounded), the veggie pizza (which had a strange paste on it, the consistency of which made me kind of feel like gagging), and the peppers and sausage pizza (the best of the three). I've also gone a few times for drinks. Service can be either good or just rude. There is one guy there who clearly hates all his customers. The salads there though are to die for. I have had two salads--one was a salad with ramps and duck. The other was a honey mustard chicken salad. I loved them both so much that I often think of them. They were on special I think though (haven't seen them since). If all other salads are that good there, I'll definitely keep going back!Also, their breakfast sandwiches at the pick up window in the morning are very good and LARGE!
5	This place has the best pizza in Pittsburgh, delicious drinks ( always ask about the daily homemade soda ) and its a beautiful restaurant in general. I love to go here with friends and family because it's a unique dining experience. I recently moved and truely miss this place.
5	Places like this makes me regret that I don't live or work in Oakland anymore.1. Great Location right between the libraries and with the view of the learning of cathedral and the infamous  Dippy! Parking shouldn't be hard to find with all the kiosk parking space all over oakland.2. Great atmosphere - Although we opted to stay outside since it was a beautiful day - the inside section looked equally comfortable, modern and enjoyable. But if you happen to visit for the first time - I would recommend you stay outside assuming the weather is still warm.3. Great Service! Again! like all other places this will most likely depend on the server but ours was amaing.4. Finally Great Food! We started off with the fresh farm bread that came with Housemade Jam, Apple Butter, & Honey Butter and the Pan seared Scallops which was done to perfection. My lady got the Roasted Lamb Shake which was amazingly good (of course I had to try) and being a fan of seafood - I went with the salmon which was really good but I could definitely go for another round of the Roasted Lamb.Will definitely be back!
3	Update: that honey mustard chicken salad is on the LUNCH menu. Dohhh! Had it today again. Still so good!
5	Great breakfast sandwiches. Awesome potatoes. Wonderful service.
2	The I ordered the panzenella and had someone pick it up. I also ordered pulled chicken for 3$ extra on it. The salad tasted good but meager. When I opened the box up all I could see were pieces of bread. -over 9000 points!!!!it did not list that in the menu description and I follow a paleo lifestyle so that just made the salad smaller. Also the aged goat cheese was nonexistent/missing. The dressing was tasty but not enough to cover such a puny salad. The amount of chicken I received amounted to less than 2 forks full. No value here for such a small salad for $14. It makes hellobistro and spice island salads huge in comparison.
5	Ate dinner at The Porch for the first time last week, and I will definitely be back! First and most importantly, the food was amazing. We had corn bread, the Bianca Pizza (Fig Jam, Goat Cheese, Arugula, Black Truffle Oil), and the Rib Eye (w/ cheddar mashed potatoes, in a creamy rosemary mushroom sauce made with cumin, brandy, and peppercorns). Everything had layerings of flavors and textures- all of the dishes were exciting!  The rib eye was KILLER!! If the rib eye didn't disappear with the summer menu, I would recommend getting it right now!You can tell that the ingredients here are of quality and are fresh- and apparently everything is made in house. The chef even has a roof garden to grow items for the menu! They also pride themselves on sourcing locally where possible. How awesome is that?! Supporting other local Pittsburgh businesses is something I can get behind!The ambiance and style of this place is also really cool- it is a modern, cool mix of industrial and natural elements. The design allows for the building to nicely blend into the park atmosphere. And as an added bonus, it has a porch and patio- perfect to enjoy a beautiful day in the park! We also had great attentive service. This place deserves a visit!
2	Nice ambiance but it took FOREVER to get a glass of water. We were seated for 15 - 20 min without water and it took another 15 to place the drink order. Caesar salad- good but a little too much anchovy in the dressingPrime Rib - ordered medium but it came out very well and tough. By the time it came out, I wasn't even hungry anymore. Filet Mignon- Coworker had the filet mignon cooked medium and it came medium rare, very fatty and stringy. She subbed the chard and potatoes for broccoli and zucchini (which was nice that they let her). It came out with chard anyway. They ultimately brought out spaghetti squash which she said tasted grilled and she didn't like it. I didn't try it. Overall, we were there almost 2 hours before we got our subpar food. We told the waiter and he offered to get a manager (nice of him). She told us she noticed we had been there way too long and asked for the honest truth, so we gave it to her. She explained that although it was no excuse, there was a very large party of the stakeholders of the corporation that owns the place that the kitchen was catering to. While we got that, it really was no excuse and she kindly offered to cover our meal for the night. That was nice and fair and I did appreciate it. Unfortunately, I was just here on business and will not be back. The people were nice and friendly, but the service was unforgivably slow and the food was totally not worth it. Kudos to the manager for not making us pay for it.
5	I most certainly label this spot as a 'Gem' in the local area of Oakland, Pa.  We had Sunday brunch there recently and the Eggs Chorizo was quite sumptuous and tasty.   We've also been here for dinner and its a great location to go to for a quick drink and they offer some great local fare w/wine and beer.  Our server was quite attentive and caring to our needs.
4	Great spot in Oakland! I love going here after church on a Sunday. The farm bread and butter and the cheese plate are delicious to start. I also love the barbecue chicken pizza topped with lots of fresh cilantro. The goat cheese pizza with fig spread and arugula is also a favorite.The atmosphere is fun, and I love the circular design. In the fall, they always have several pumpkin beers on tap. Love it!
3	Solid food. Nice atmosphere. Some incompetent staff.I got the Pizza Bianca (Fig Jam, Goat Cheese, Arugula, Black Truffle Oil), which comes served on a sheet tray with butcher paper, and piles of pepper flakes and grated parm. I also got a side of the Crispy Taters (smashed tater tots, for all intents and purposes). The housemade soda was some chocolate something. Let me say, the best thing about this really is the atmosphere. It overlooks the Pitt campus, some grass, and has some great tables and an outdoor fireplace. The pizza, recommended by others, was delicious. I love arugula, and the crust was crisp, yet pillowy. I don't really say bad things about potatoes unless they suck (these were good), but the soda tasted really watered down. I tried to order an espresso at the end of my meal - I went back to the counter and asked for a double. The chick at the counter (who was new, granted), said that she would have to charge me double for one, since it was two shots. That would've been north of $4 for it. What? The guy next to here finally had to say, "that's not how we do it," and helped me rectify the situation.
5	Yum
1	Is Ruthann (mentioned in other reviews) the chubby girl with the dyed black hair?  I don't know her name, but she runs the place like a war zone,  Everything is a struggle.  I wanted to order something to eat, but she said I could only order something to drink.  I didn't *want* to order something to drink, but getting her to take my food order was a big deal.  Even when she went to seat me, she insisted on taking the menu from me (I wasn't supposed to carry it myself, apparently) and handing it over only once I sat down.  She is mindlessly combative over every detail.  I went up front to pay (I had been waiting for a while at my table) and--rather than give me a ten dollar bill and let me to go--she made me sit back down (like in the fourth grade) and wait for the waitress to arrive.  Mindless rude and rigid. Really bad social skills.
4	Good food especially pizza. Go for happy hour as it is pricey. Also go in the summer when the windows open up.
4	Small menu but usually very good (have mostly had the pizzas or roast beef sandwich)..nice in the summer when the doors are open. Brunch is even better. Get the corn bread.
4	I love this place for lunch! Well, and for dinner, too, but that is why I am giving it only four stars and not five. Basically, it really irks me that I cannot get some of the lunch items at dinnertime or vice versa. The food here is just too good to be missing out on some of those items just because it happens to be 5pm rather than 1pm. I know, I know, a lot of restaurants do this. But it drives me nuts!Today I had the chopped salad. It is made with romaine lettuce, roasted chicken, chickpeas, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, goat cheese, and tossed in a light honey mustard dressing. The ingredients are so fresh, so light, so perfect...I can't even explain just how good this salad this.All of the salads at the Porch that I have ever had have been so incredibly excellent. They are perfect. I don't even ever know which one to get because I want all of them in my mouth. How can they be so good, you ask? Crack. They sprinkle crack on them. Obviously, I am kidding (I think?), but I really can't understand how this restaurant can get it so right and others get it so wrong.
5	One of the few really great restaurants in Pittsburgh that won't break the bank and that I suggest to the Mrs. when we are looking to eat out.  I have eaten here three time and grabbed a take-out for the fourth.  My wife has eaten here two times.  We've had a good service that was relatively fast, attentive and knowledgeable.  The wait for seating has not been an issue, but choose your times well, for example early evening weekend dinners might be a little crowded.  The noise level can be a bit high at times, but what can you do.Now, onto the most important part of the review; the FOOD!We have had the personal pizzas (amazing), the Prime Rib sandwich and Winter salad.  Their appetizers are great as well.  I've taken family to eat her and they all loved it as well. Can't wait to go back again.
3	I'd say Porch deserves more of a 3.5 over a plain 3. The ambiance of the restaurant is very cozy with its warm lighting and tea lights on the tables. The menu for dinner doesn't have many options, but I ended up with the special pizza of the day: fennel sausage with spinach and goat cheese. The pizza is plated on parchment paper atop a large metal tray with small piles of parmesan, oregano, and red pepper flakes on the side. My boyfriend got the BBQ chicken pizza with pineapple, jalapenos, and cilantro. Both of the pizzas were pretty solid but not really worth raving about. We also got the calamari for an appetizer, which was good with the spicy tomato sauce, but I felt that they weren't fried properly since the coatings were a bit soggy. Pizzas are half off after 9pm so try them out during late dinners!
3	I can't speak about the recent controversy surrounding the E. coli outbreak at the Porch in Oakland (http://www.post-gazette.com/local/city/2013/10/30/E-coli-sickens-5-at-Porch-at-Schenley-in-Oakland/stories/201310300132), but my experiences here have always been pretty good. I've eaten a meal here once, where I felt that the food was very good but a bit overpriced - and also had a few happy hours at the bar. The service for food has always been a bit below par, but you can avoid some of that craziness if you go the bar. The bartenders are younger and typically nice, chatty, and helpful. I'm surprised that a restaurant this upscale can do good business in this part of Oakland, where students typically look for a quick and cheap meal. However, this probably caters to the professionals in the area, and I think this place fits a nice niche in the neighborhood. Only time will tell if they can make it after this E. coli business and a lack of clientele from cheap college students. I wish it well and will probably be back at some point.
4	Good Ambiance and good food and good service
2	7 bucks for beer on tap! I thought I came here for a happy hour at around 4 (no judgements.... I was with my boss), and we discovered that happy hour didn't start until 4:30. The bartender (who wasn't even very nice or chatty while we were pretty much the only people there) wouldn't even consider giving us the happy hour special and the bill was 14 bucks for 2 beers. I will probably not stop in again any time soon...
3	I have very mixed feelings about The Porch, and it averages out to a 3-ish. Sometimes 1-2, sometimes 3.5-4.. Depends on the day, I guess.First the good. Lunch is reliably good, particularly the sandwiches and pizza. I've gone routinely and the food is tasty.Service.. Well, service is not always that great. I've gone and it's been fine. And I've gone some times where they forget to give you silverware or a glass for your ice tea until you ask for it. (No joke. A few weeks ago I came with some friends and the guy came with a bottle of ice tea, stood there for a minute and I had to say "well, could I get a class for the tea?")Dinner. Well.. not really as good as lunch, honestly. I've been several times as well. Some dishes are usually tasty (e.g., the roasted chicken) but there have been some just crazy things.A friend said she's been several times for dinner and usually orders soup. No matter the kind of soup, it's so salty she needs to pour water from her glass to eat it. (Yes, I've seen her do this. Yes, it was very salty.) Why go to a restaurant when the soup is worse than a can of Progresso?!And then there was the bread salad.. which was bread and bread and a few sprigs of endive.I won't go into the time I went for dinner and had to order three times because the first two dishes were out. (Ok, I can understand once, but the poor waiter should have been told "here's everything we're out tonight.")I'll also leave out the sometimes surly wait staff. Just please get some better people?So that's the story... sometimes fine, sometimes totally crazy and disappointing.Hope they can get it together. It's a great location, a nice atmosphere, and usually tasty food.
3	I was expecting so much with Porch, but unfortunately they didn't come through.  I got the Prime Rib Sandwich and it was good.  The potatoes were good.  I'm not mad about my meal.  A few issues I had with Porch:1.  The service was kind of all over the place.  We came in around 4:00, which was when the kitchen was switching from lunch to dinner.  We had to ask our waitress three times before we finally understand what was and what was not available.  We ended up ordering an appetizer and waiting until 4:30 when we could order dinner.  2.  Two employees were cleaning off a table and loudly complaining about another employee and just generally being unprofessional.  2.  My friend ordered the Pineapple Sage Margarita and had to send it back.  It tasted like mostly some sort of sour mix and little to no alcohol.  It was seriously undrinkable (and for me to say that takes a lot).3.  The side salad was JUST GREENS.  I cannot stand when restaurants do this.  Industry I'm looking at you here.  CUT UP A CARROT AND THROW IT ON THE GREENS.  Or anything!  sprinkle some gorgonzola on it, toss on some almonds, cut up an apple, for the love of god do NOT just open up a bag of greens and plop some in a bowl.  Even a fancy bowl.  It will make me insane.  They had Big Hop on tap, so I was pleased with that.  All in all a good experience, but I wouldn't confidently being people back.
3	The Porch is okay.  Can't give it more than three stars but the location is good and it's a great spot for tourists like us when visiting the Phipps Conservatory Botanical. The food was not memorable but we can recommend it for something quick if you are in the area while exploring Pittsburgh.
5	Great atmosphere, a great prime rib sandwich, and outstanding service from our waiter, Christopher! Not our first time here, and definitely won't be our last.
5	Had great food and fantastic service from Christopher tonite Love this place. Always something new and tastyMake sure you eat here   Can't wait to return
4	Since The Porch has opened I've been a fan, and will continue to be one, but it's necessary to point a few things out.First, I just learned that the happy hour $5 wine specials only apply if you're sitting at the bar.  Order the SAME glass of wine less than 10 feet from the bar and you will pay $9.  That's not really cool.What is cool is the bianca pizza.  Fig pizza with goat cheese might sound weird to some, but take a bite, and you'll fall in love.  The Porch makes a light thin crust pizza that is baked to perfection.  Served with a side of Parmesan cheese and roasted red peppers while topped with arugula makes you feel like you're not breaking your diet by indulging on pizza.  The design and layout makes The Porch an a-typical restaurant smack in the middle of a college campus.  Honestly, I don't think their target market is college students - there are plenty of places that do cater to them - The Porch is a great place for faculty, college staff, graduate students, and locals.  Come here in the spring or summer and enjoy the warm breeze when they open the garage door walls to overlook Schenley Plaza with a shadow of the Cathedral of Learning casting over.
5	Their pizzas are gourmet - and their half price pizza hours makes it that much better. Ask for Kassidy - she's the absolute best!!!
4	Very classy casual restaurant, interesting menu.  I just had a salad and side of bread for a light lunch, and both were very good.
2	I really wanted to love this place but I didn't. The food was just ok and under-seasoned for my tastes. I went with some friends for brunch and everything sounded really good. They had daily specials that all sounded really good. I ended up getting the crab scramble. It was basically scrambled eggs, asparagus, and crab meat. The eggs were still runny when I got the dish which I was ok with but it seemed like something that I could have done on my own. It did come with potatoes which were also pretty tasty but they had fennel in them this day. Fennel is kind of an odd spice for me. It was not my favorite with the potatoes.After going for brunch, I was intrigued by the Bianca pizza with goat cheese, fig jam, and arugula. A friend had gotten me onto having arugula on pizza and I wanted to try this one. It was just alright. I'm not a huge fan of goat cheese but It didn't have enough goat cheese or fig jam to pair well with the arugula. Aside from the arugula, the pizza was too mild for me. I had made my own pizza with goat cheese, caramelized onions, and prosciutto that came out way better than this pizza at The Porch. I will say that the dough was very well made.
4	I love the pizza here! And they have 1/2 off all pizzas Monday-Thursday from 9-11pm, perfect for late night dinner.
1	We made a reservation for 14 people for a birthday dinner the night before we went, but they didn't even take down our reservation and we had to wait an HOUR AND A HALF on a Thursday night. The girl just kept making excuses about how no one told her about the reservation and suggested if we want to stand up off to the side and eat our food there. CMON, really? just chill off to the side and eat while standing for a birthday dinner? Who even thinks of these kinds of things? We finally got seated a quarter after 10, and the food wasn't even worth our wait. They recently changed their pizza menu, and got rid of the BBQ pizza. I ordered 3 different pizzas to share with a friend, and only one was worth paying for. Marguerita pizza was good, bacon&eggs and genovese were not. They were so salty and the bacon&eggs had only one egg on it. Also, the egg yolk was hard, not runny, like the pizzas I saw on other people's plates. So conclusion is, I probably wouldn't go here for weekday late nights anymore, and the new menu sucks. Not to mention their service. I thought they would at least bring us a free pitcher of juice or something for making us wait an hour and a half after making a reservation. But nope.
3	The eggs Benedict was great, so was the Bloody Mary.DO NOT GET THE FRENCH TOAST. It's almost the exact same as the $4 Farm Bread. They use the same bread. The French toast did not have a flavor profile and it lacked any characteristic. Service was crap too on a Sunday morning but it was excusable since it also coincided with PITT's 2014 student graduation.
3	If you are a people watcher the Porch is for you.  Whether seeing the rich diversity of the local student population or watching the never ending activities outside, you won't be disappointed.                                                Now as far as the food and service goes that can be entertaining also. Watching all the young and usually friendly wait staff bustle about when the place is crowded can be amusing   The food can be as simple as wood oven pizza or ambitious as a seared salmon dinner. Last night my wife and I went  light  I  had  a salad and a delicious bowl of carrot soup. She went for a rare sliced duck that came with a puff pastry stuffed with mushrooms   I got a taste of her plate and everything was good.
4	The first thing that pops up in my head about this restaurant is the outdoor seats. That's why it's so popular in summer. It's a nice place to chill out with your friends and sip refreshing Sangria (feel like no alcohol). About the food here, as far as I've tasted, many dishes have some spice or herb as ingredients...like their curried ketchup. The dishes I love here are Rocket salad and the Porch burger..anyway, what I don't like about the food here is that I will be very thirsty after the meal..(may be too much MSG in the food?)
4	I liked the Sunday brunch. Eggs Benedict was amazing but the portion size was small.I like the ambiance and service. I have been there a couple of times and will go there again.Its a little overpriced for the price of the restaurants around in Oakland but its a nice place to sit and chit chat :)
4	I randomly stopped in here after visiting the Museum of Natural History. I came right after brunch ended and before dinner so the menu was limited. I ordered the baba ganoush and a salad, I don't remember the name. The baba ganoush is served with lentil chips and pickled vegetables(more one this later); and it was really good.   The salad I ordered had walnuts beets and carrots and was tossed in a vinaigrette dressing with some sort of creamy cheese.  It was not what I expected but very good none the less.I do not understand this place's obsession with pickled vegetables. They are everywhere on the menu.  I tried them as they came with my baba ganoush, but they were pretty bad.Great place to people watch.  It was the CMU graduation so  it was really interesting to see all the people from all over the world.
4	This place is surprisingly (and wonderfully) unpretentious. First, they very graciously re-seated us in a different area after we asked to be moved due to loud children at a table next to us. Our server, Christopher, was outstanding. He was friendly, but not overbearing and did a good job on even the simple things like keeping water refilled. I have very difficult food intolerances, and Christopher was very patient in listening to my requests and did not act at all put out by the inconvenience. I was expecting a basic salad to arrive to accommodate my requests; however, the chef went the extra mile to cook an amazing dish for me that was delicious and safe for me to eat. To top it off, Christopher gave us some wonderful drink recommendations that we were very happy with. It's nice to see a place that delivers a high quality meal without the pretentious and unaccommodating attitude that it typical of other similar restaurants.
4	Had the calamari and pretzels as an appetizer- they were really good. The pretzels are totally made in house and the beer cheese is good. The pizzas are huge and could easily share with 2. Sharing makes it extremely affordable. The atmosphere is super cute as it is inside and outside. Great drinks and loved that everything was just about local. Service was excellent- we had 9 people sharing dishes and drinks and he split it up perfectly on the first try. Cute date place or a great place to go with the girls. They don't take reservations but they sort of had call ahead seating.
4	Of all the restaurants I've been to in PGH, this is the one I've visited the most.  I've eaten almost everything on the menu at least once (both lunch and dinner), with the exception of the burgers, the rotisserie chicken, and the desserts (except for the gelato).  This is true even though the menu changes slightly every few months to reflect seasonal dishes, since I get over here on a monthly basis, thanks to a happy hour I attend.Although The Porch is owned by Eat'n Park Hospitality Group, it's definitely a cut above its sister restaurants E'n P and Hello Bistro in terms of food and ambiance.  The pricing, which is a bit higher than elsewhere in this section of Oakland but is certainly not unreasonable, reflects that.  The service has generally been consistently good every time I've gone.  The proximity to Pitt, CMU, Presby, and the museums/library makes it an ideal lunch or dinner spot for employees.Based on my experience, I recommend the pizzas, which are of the thin crust, gourmet type.  All of them are good, but my favorite is the bianca, which is covered with goat cheese, fig, and arugula.  It's one of the most unique--and consistently delicious--pizzas I've eaten.  The Porch just recently introduced a new pub snack-oriented menu, I highly recommend the pretzel on it.  It's crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, and not greasy at all, like pretzels in the mall/airport.  It comes with mustard, which I thought was okay (expecting to love it), and cheese sauce, which is amazing (not expecting to like it).  The farm bread, which comes with three dipping sauces (jams and butters), is another solid option for an appetizer, as are the crispy taters with curry catsup.  The gelato was pretty good the one time I ordered it.While the Porch serves food that is definitely a step up from much of what's available in S. Oakland, I can't justify giving them a perfect rating, because I haven't been blown away by everything I've ordered here.  In particular, I find their salads lacking in the flavor dept.  I've tried several versions of them, including the bread salad, the gnocci with shrimp (new), and a salad that I believe had bacon in it.  Their cornbread is also lacking--too dry and crumbly, and too savory for my taste.The drinks I've ordered here have been decent.  All of the specialty cocktails are good, and the sangria is okay.  They also usually have several local beers on tap.  If you're looking for something non-alcoholic, they serve Natrona Bottling Co. sodas here.Overall, the Porch is one of Oakland's more solid dining options.  It's a great place for college students to suggest to their parents when they visit, and it's a nice spot for a date, as well.  While it's an ideal spot for events (happy hour, etc.), I'd recommend checking to see if other events are booked for the same time.  The last time we were here, there were two other events occurring simultaneously (plus some regular diners, too!), and we felt that we were being crowded out.
4	I love love love this restaurant!  The location is great and also love the ambiance.  The restaurant if big, bright, cheerful, a bit noisy but nice noisy, and the servers are always attentive and informative. The food is really good, all of it.  And there is an outside eating option (even in the winter with a lit fireplace!!!). This is a great place to eat alone, with a date, or with a group of people.  The Porch is a much needed and fantastic place to eat in a college area of fast inexpensive food restaurants.
4	We visited here twice during our Pittsburgh stay. Located smack dab in the middle of the University area. Our first visit was a brunch sponsored by the CMU grad school. Order off the menu brunch. Tasty food, nice views of the square and great wait staff. We went back for lunch a few days latter so we could stroll over to the Cathedral of Learning. While busy, we were able to quickly find seating/ food came out promptly. Good food. Greatplace for people wathcing.
3	I really want to like this place more than I do. I mean that. But I've been here three times since it opened (most recently for brunch this past weekend) and I just haven't been impressed. The design of the restaurant itself is great. It perfectly fits that whole rustic-yet-trendy thing that is popular right now. It feels very open inside and that it would be better situated next to a lake or beach. The outside area (I suppose "porch" would be the proper word here) is also very nice. There is a generous amount of seating outside which is hard to come by. On my most recent trip, I ordered the chorizo and eggs. I love chorizo, so I figured this would be an unquestionably good choice. Not so, unfortunately. The chorizo was a very tiny, almost ball-like patty. It was dry and did not have the level of spice I would expect from chorizo. The two eggs were prepared sunny side up. Nothing special here. There was some thick bread served on the side for dipping. It was pretty hard and bland. The third item was maple-bacon sweet potato hash. I liked this idea, and the flavor was good, but the potatoes were a little undercooked. On previous trips I have had pizza (this was good), and a soup/sandwich combination for lunch (decent). I'll probably continue to try the Porch from time to time since I have friends who love it, but maybe it's just not for me!
1	there is a fly in my salad! and there are a lot of flies flying in the restaurant! never go there! disgusting place!
5	Had a late brunch there with a group of friends on a Sunday. It was the only place without a 30-40 minute wait for 5 people so we gave it a try. The menu is small (but it's brunch so it usually is anywhere you go) but there was variety and the food was great. The atmosphere was really nice. it was a nice day so the side of the restaurant was opened up and we were able to sit inside but still feel like you were outside. You also forgot that you were in the middle of busy Oakland.
5	This place is a bit pricey for the types of food served but everything is awesome and the environment is great.
5	Friend and I were early birds to The Porch last Sunday before a concert in town.  Here's how it went down:House Sangria - always the foundation.  Red was outstanding, great flavor.  Also sampled the Pineapple Sage Margarita, refreshing and different.Me:  Kimchi... nicely spiced Asian slaw, loved it.  And Panzanella Salad.  Salad?  Well, um, BREAD SALAD - Couldn't help it!  Goat cheese, basil and pickled onions over a bed of bread chunks with watermelon vinaigrette.  Extremely filling.  Extremely tasty.  And white anchovies throughout.  Perfection.Friend:  Corn Bread, yum! --I snatched a sample-- and the prime rib sandwich - which was declared fabulous - I can only vouch for it's high marks in curb appeal.Service was happy, helpful (except for having no idea what was in the Sangria, bummer) and attentive.Pricing was pretty pricey, but didn't tip the value scale.There were plenty of outdoor tables and an outdoor fireplace, but mother nature decided that indoors was the way to go this visit...  Next time outdoors for sure!
3	Good food, a bit too pricey. A great deal after 930 on weekdays: half off pizza. Yum.
3	This place is bit pricey for me but a decent place for brunch. Not a lot of selection on their menu but the items they do offer tastes original. I orded the Vanilla Bean French Toast for about $12. Two thick slices of french toast coated in powdered sugars, with strawberry and chantilly cream. The french toast, although good, tastes very dry and crusty once it cools down. Parking is a pain. Street parking can be a bit hard to find, but there's no meter required over the weekend.
4	Fabulous Sunday brunch-- egg and lardon on pizza with caramelized onions and garlic!!  Homemade chorizo and fried eggs served with slices of farmers bread.  To top it off spicy bloody mary made with fresh horseradish...The setting is in a lovely park just by the University Pittsburgh campus.
5	best restaurant week meal I have had in a long time. the bbq beef short rib was amazing! upscale yet casual. great outdoor seating and bar area.
4	Great atmosphere.  Our first time at the Porch and all I can say is... Sangria sangria sangria.  Wow, what a flavour of a drink,  I don t usually like anything and drink only Pinot Noir, but this Sangria was outstanding.  Food was delicious and their Margherita pizza, fresh and delightfull!
1	We did not like this place.  I ordered a beef shank special and it was not good.  And it was way overpriced (it was a special and no price was provided before I ordered).  Service was poor as well. Will never go back again.
5	This review is for special events at the porch. My friends had a wedding reception here on a Sunday evening, and everything was wonderful. The food was delicious!! They served a buffet of lamb legs, stuffed shells, salmon (whatever they did to it was amazing), mashed potatoes (OMG soooo good), asparagus, and mixed vegetables.The signature cocktail of the night was a pink lemonade and it was made with The Porch's homemade limoncello! Mmmmmmm I had to sample it quite a few times :)The event space was a great size for  I'd estimate 125-150 guests inside (although I am the worst estimator in the world so that could be off). The space was able to be set up to have a nice sized dance floor, a photo booth, and dj all in the from entrance. They set up a 2nd bar in the back.The event staff was amazing, especially the bartenders. Everyone was very friendly and actually seemed to be having a nice time too.I don't know what the pricing or availability situations are, but I thought The Porch made for a great special event setting.
4	Farm bread with butter, jam and apple butter was good. I had the garden harvest salad with chicken, which was very good - the oyster mushrooms were delicious. Beau had the prime rib sandwich, which he seemed to enjoy alot. Creme brulee for dessert - yum!Nice location right on campus.
4	Just stopped in for a drink. We were walking by and liked that there was outdoor seating. A lot of outdoor seating. I got the pineapple sage margarita because it sounded interesting. It was pretty good. I would've liked more sage and pineapple flavor, but a very unique combination nonetheless. My friend got the whiskey sour. A solid choice. Good service - I liked that when I asked for water, the server brought me two jugs of water. Wish all places did that. The ambiance is great, and I definitely plan to be back for food some time. Really close to CMU and Pitt. Would be a nice date place ;)
5	Nice place. Decent food, good beer selection, and great outdoor, open air seating with views of Schenley Plaza. It is excellent for people watching and enjoying a beautiful day outside.
2	No!  Second time here and the service stinks!  I need to find a spot near Pitt with a good bar, good food, tv, and good service.  This place has a tv and that's about it on my checklist.  I had the margarita pizza, it was 3 stars.  Nothing to crave or think about again...nice size portion served with hot pepper flakes and some shaved cheese on the side of the pizza.  Kinda weird...and wasteful because I didn't touch the extra cheese.  Already forgot about the pizza itself.  The service sucked though.  No greeting from the bartender.  Had to repeatedly ask for a menu.  Skimped on the Malbec glass of wine and after I finished had to ask for the check.  I was the only person sitting at the bar though!  I guess he was busy filling the waitstaff drink orders...I just don't want to come back here.
4	So once upon a time, I wrote a review where I said that I didn't recommend The Porch for a full, satisfying meal. At the time I meant what I said, because I honestly hadn't had a super awesome lunch or dinner here yet. But now that's changed, so I feel obligated to update my opinion in writing.I admit, I'm not at the point that I can say "yeah 5 stars!" - I haven't quite forgotten The Porch's history of being hit or miss in terms of the quality of the food and the service during past visits. Still, the last few times I've been here have showed consistent and major signs of improvement, particularly in terms of the food. I admittedly also haven't quite forgotten about the bitter quiche and overcooked "meh" burger I'd eaten here previously. But I HAVE found lots of things to like since then. For example, I now have an excellent favorite go-to food here: their prime rib sandwich. It's juicy, delicious, and perfectly topped with cheese, greens and onions - the whole combination just melts in my mouth. Add in a side of The Porch's amazing crispy taters and I'm set - mmmm! I've also had the chance to sample their pizzas and a couple salads, and I haven't had any complaints about those - I actually really enjoyed sampling the interesting ingredient mixes concocted for those menu items.Oh, and of course I have to give a thumbs up on their drinks! Unique cocktails like the Pineapple Sage Margarita make this an excellent place to go for a happy hour, and I absolutely have to give a nod of respect to any place that carries Wigle Whiskey options (yum!). I think that despite the rocky start we had, I'll definitely keep coming back to explore The Porch's menu now - based on my last few meals here, they've really started to find their stride in terms of meal planning. Besides, I feel obligated to help support any business that does as much to use local ingredients and even make some of their own as The Porch does. Perfect they are not, but they're definitely a two-thumbs up kind of place!
4	I have been here for both breakfast and lunch- and to be honest I had totally different views. For breakfast, the menu was limited and my eggs where not anything special, but for lunch, the meal was amazing. The staff was attentive and my meal was fabulous. I got the margarita pizza and it was very fresh. Great choice for lunch!
4	I live in Oakland and therefore visit The Porch frequently.  Every time I go I order the pizza because it's the most reasonably priced item on the menu.  My favorite is the BBQ pizza because it's hearty and a perfect balance between sweet and spicy.  The margarita pizza is also amazing and one of the best margarita pizzas I've ever had.  One complaint is that the pizza sizes are inconsistent depending on the day and who is working.  Last month a bunch of friends and I went and all the pizzas were burnt but I just went last week and they were cooked perfectly.
4	I am so in love with this place that it is ridiculous. It is trendy, chic and I get so excited to take people here because they always leave impressed. I most recently went for lunch, and the bloody mary's were amazing. I had to resist getting two. I also go the fruit and greek yogurt filled crepes, which was perfect for Saturday morning brunch. I didn't leave full, but I wanted  a light brunch, which was exactly what I'd gotten. I'm really excited to try it at other times of the day, especially when they are serving the pizza because it looks awesome. It's a little hard to get to if you're not familiar with the area. I parked in a parking garage a few blocks away and walked over. I gave 4 stars because the service wasn't outstanding, and the waitress at the time seemed a little flighty and confused. I also didn't know a side of potatoes was an option with my dish until after she'd already served it with some arugula leaves, which was disappointing.
2	Came here on a Sunday early afternoon for brunch.  It's my second time here (the first being a Saturday night) and I was again, unimpressed.Their food is expensive for what you get.  I guess because it is all local.  Their menu changes and in my opinion, they should master making their menu good consistently before changing it up.  I ordered the vegetable salad ($11) with pulled chicken on top (+$4).  Also tried their egg nog with spiced rum special ($8).  The salad was tiny and boring and I hated the mushrooms on it.  The eggnog was good.Our waitress was such a sweetheart and took really great care of us so no complaints on service or atmosphere.  But I don't know. Maybe just not my style, and this is just my opinion -- but I could think of so many other places I would rather go for a meal than this place.
2	The restaurant looks inviting, and like a good time. However, the two pizzas i've eaten there have been rather subpar, and the service has been some of the worst in the city. Both times i've been there we waited 15 minutes until someone came to our table. That's about what can sum up this place. Others may enjoy, because it brings one of the few more upscale restaurants to oakland, but it still just does not do it for me.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. On the one hand, the location is incredible, especially if you can get a seat near the window. It doesn't matter what season it is, there's something really special about sitting inside looking out at the Cathedral.On the other hand... the foot is sometimes good and sometimes bad. The "Porch" sandwich is great, but I've had the pizza and felt sick afterwards both times (this doesn't happen with other pizza, just FYI). Some of the other more expensive entrees I don't think are worth it- there are a million other restaurants that give you better tasting food. The Porch's cheap, underlying origins really show with these "nicer" entrees.The beer selection is alright, but for what they're charging they should have a better selection of craft brews. The other liquor is alright, but not great I'm amazed they charge for what is essentially stale bread with some butter. Kind of odd since that should be included by default.I never object to going here with a friend, but it usually isn't my first choice either.
4	Being a former Eat 'N Park employee back in my high school/college days, The Porch has been on my radar for quite some time. Typically, I try to avoid Oakland like the Plague when the universities are in session, however, I found my original plans of heading to the strip yesterday to be complicated by the consistent torrential downpour so the alternative plan was to go to the Carnegie museum-perfect reason to finally try the Porch. We stopped for what we thought would be lunch at the Porch but they had their brunch menu going and brunch sounded so yummy after a very long night at a concert the previous evening. We were greeted and seated quickly at the front door. I love the interior, very airy I'm sure in the summer with the garage doors open. They had a lot of crafts on tap that I made a mental note to try on a return trip. Our server came over quickly and left a carafe of water on the table after pouring our first glasses. I started with a coffee and it was exactly what I was hoping for-that really good ENP coffee! The bloody marys and other drinks looked good too but, again, that will have to be another visit. I went with the porch scramble (chicken,white cheddar,mushrooms, lots of rosemary flavor too) served with an English muffin and crispy taters. It sounds like the scramble changes ingredients on a regular basis and our server did inform us that you could substitute any ingredients in the scramble as well. The crispy taters were-pleasantly-not what I was expecting. I was expecting tots or potato  pancakes and I was more pleased with the small crispy fingerling potatoes served with the dish. They were also seasoned with rosemary-very tasty. As was the scramble. The English muffin was plain but I did use half of it to scoop up some of the scramble. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast sandwich (over easy eggs, bacon,white cheddar, served on farm bread). It was the largest breakfast sandwich I have ever seen! It also came with the potatoes. He said it was good although I did not personally try it but he did eat the entire thing so that attests to the taste. They had a quiche of the day, a pizza special of bbq pork, and the soup was cream of asparagus. They also had cast iron cinnamon rolls as a special that sounded delicious-the theme again-for another time. The pizzas looked good as well and the Bianca is right up my ally so I'll have to come back and brave Oakland for a dinnertime visit as well. I didn't find the Porch to be overpriced as some fellow Yelpers have mentioned, that being said, I don't think it's affordable for eating at every single day for a student but a nice treat or a place to take the family when they come into town.
3	Tasty yet unmemorable brunch here with slightly inattentive service. No real complaints, but no real praises either.
4	This is the second time I've been here. The first was more of a 3 star experience, but last night was definitely a 5 starer. I came here on a busy Saturday night with a group of extremely loud and sometimes inappropriate women. The restaurant was more than accommodating of our party of 20+. I ordered the Bianca pizza and it was out of this world. Most of all, our waiter Christopher was the bee's knees. This guy was friendly, professional, and knowledgeable. Not too many young guys can handle a table of rowdy women with such grace. Every order was correct and he was very patient. 5 stars for Christopher.
4	A very large group of us went to the Porch last Saturday, and they were great to accommodate a party of more than 20 with very short notice.  Our waiter, Christopher was wonderful, especially because we were being very social and moving around all the time, and he still managed to keep our orders separate and accurate while people showed up late, left early and changed seats constantly. He amazingly helpful and fun.  I had appetizers, desserts and drinks which were very tasty, but a bit pricey for what I actually received.   While I enjoyed my food and loved the server, the prices and the inconvenience of parking in Oakland will probably keep me away.
3	Ambiance: great open space.. modern and warm atmosphereService: good, nothing specialFood: Mushroom pizza was pretty good.. if I just had that, I would've given this place 4 stars.. cornbread is delicious.. the Farm bread salad is not good at all and should never be ordered.. it was just a random assortment of greens and huge chunks of dry bread soaked with some balsamic vinaigrette.. totally tasteless.. mango sorbet was good though
4	Great food with nice views of the park and Pitt campus nice kids menu as well
