5	Knowledgeable super friendly staff from manager on down always helpful in finding the right tanning solution for me.  Facilities are always very well maintained and clean and well stocked with best new products.  Always a good experience tanning there. Been a member for over two years now.
5	Every year, I tan for 2 weeks to get a base tan before I go on vacations & to weddings and this year I tried Palm Beach Tan in Ballantyne. I WILL NEVER GO ANYWHERE ELSE. The beds are clean and up to date and the tanning prices reasonable, but what sends it over the edge is the staff. Christi and the ladies are SO SWEET. And not in the fake way, but in the most genuine, helpful ways. Always asking about my day, my dog, my job and other things, they get to know you one a first name basis and are really helpful when you have questions. While the lotions are too rich for my blood ( I buy my lotion on Amazon.com! ) , I really enjoyed everything about this salon and look forward to coming back next year!
4	I went to Palm Beach to pick up a gift card for my Mother in Law for Mother's Day. (She wants to get a spray tan.) The business is located on the second floor in the Ballantyne Business Park above 5 Guys. The spray tans here are very well priced, and they had a Buy 2 Get 1 Free special going on, so I thought this would be a good place to go. The woman behind the counter was very nice, and the place seemed very clean. She wasn't sure how to activate a gift card so she had to call her manager. She was able to give me a brochure of their services to give to my MIL in case she wanted to add tanning bed services to her spray tan (called a cocktail). My MIL loves her gift, the spray tan we will see about :).
4	I've been coming here for a couple of years for the spray tans. The rooms are clean and they provide several ammenities like hair ties, lotion, baby wipes, shower caps, etc. They also have a brand new Versa spray machine that is supossed to provide better coverage to areas of your body. I didn't see much difference for $8 more. The front staff is usually pretty friendly although they really want to upsell you. Overall, good place to get a tan.
