4	This is an interesting, quirky little store.  There is an ENTIRE WALL of Czech beads.  Beautiful!  Also, many large gemstone pendants.  I was pretty surprised that so many of the beads were in glass cases; that was a big turn-off (in fact, I pretty much only looked at the stuff outside the cases!).  The gemstone beads are overpriced, but that's true of most bead stores, apart from a few of the Internet ones.  The store also carries a variety of stone animal figurines, which are a lot of fun.  Overall, the incredible Czech beads and gemstone pendants, along with the friendliness of the owner (a nice Mexican lady), made going to this store a really good experience.
1	The store is a disorganized mess with a rude proprieter.
3	Overall 3.5 stars. It's cramped quarters in here- every possible use of space is used- stacks of plastic bins throughout the store. I am petite and can move around the tiny aisles (more like a perimeter of the glass display cases between the walls of beads) but I imagine a larger woman would have some difficulty. It kind of felt claustrobic- possibly the most crowded of all the bead stores I've visited. There was a little table at one side of the walls where my husband patiently waited for me. On that table, there was a "Your Choice" bin of assorted beads for $4.95 a bag. No air conditioning, maybe because the change in weather, but it felt a little warm. Plus at the time the sun was shining facing the store. The upside: There's a rather large collection of czech beads (in varied prices) in many different colors and seed beeds in tubes (average price being about $2.50- very good- I almost bought one but held off) in so many colors. The few semi-precious stones were quite pricey. There were all sorts of different but interesting beads from all over the world in the glass display cases, priced at mostly by the piece. The pendants were quite pricey. Some of the findings were pretty pricey as well- by the piece.I bought two little packets of czech beads in two favorite colors of mine- green and aqua. Good source for czech and seed beads. Pay with cash as the debit process took so long that we cancelled it.
