5	Cypress Pita Grill is great little restaurant to grab a quick snack, an afternoon beer, or a light dinner. The restaurant is located in the Town & Country plaza, next to Trader Joe's. It's a pleasant enough atmosphere, with a small dining room and plenty of outdoor seating. The waitstaff can be hit and miss, but I've never had anything less than acceptable service. You have to try the greek fries!!! They are amazing-- with this zesty lemon sauce and feta cheese. Pure heaven! I can dream of nothing else now. The rest of the food is always good. I wouldn't say "amazing," but definately healthy, light and filling. The veggies in the greek salad are always fresh, and the meat tastes slow grilled-- nice and tender. This is a great place to go when you are looking for a laid back meal any time of the day.UPDATE: I've upped to to 5 stars. Today I tried their white peach sangria. Yes, folks-- they have sangria. Two kinds, I might add. It's heavenly. Go there! Now! Get some for yourself!!!
3	Nestled amongst the many malls along Camelback in the 18th to 24 th Street range, sits Cyprus Pita Grill. A cozy, airy, light filled space with an open kitchen, really hits the target. Again, a fave of John the chef, the beautiful Greek woman in the kitchen smiled at us (ok, she smiled at John). We both ordered the lamb pita and as a side choice, the greek fries. OMG, two words for ya, dee mutha freakin lishus! Man, I'm bad at math. I remember nothing of my math education, except for the crush I had on Mr. Johnson the geometry teacher/football coach/neighbor....and let me tell you he looked good in his bermuda shorts, black socks, shirtless and sweaty mowing his front lawn. But I digress...the fries...heavenly. Fries, cooked to perfection, with lemon juice and feta cheese, oh so good. The pita, was overstuffed with perfectly spiced lamb. Chased with a brisk, refreshing iced tea....a perfect lunch hour for the chef and I. Service was right on...friendly, effecient and professional. It reminded me of a cafe in Mykonos. That I saw on a postcard. OPAH yelpers!P.S. I want to dedicate this review to my friend Tod. No one could put away a Dr. Pepper like my friend Tod. Here's lookin' at you big guy...I love you!
3	this place prolly deserves 4 stars as a lunch place, which is when i go. its counter service during lunch, and you can get a giant wrap thats a meal in itself for 5 dollars. it isn't the greatest greek food you will ever have, but it's still really good and the place has a good town and country ambiance, a patio, and good iced tea to go with it.as a sit-down dinner place it doesn't compare to pita jungle.
5	OK.  I am a Greek food afficionado and I can say that this place has the best Greek/Cypriot food I have ever tried.  This place was introduced to me by my Cypriot and Greek friends and I can't try anything else without comparing it to CPG.  I would pay ten times the amount for the hummus and pita bread.  Both are the best I've ever had (including homemade)! Their lamb and chicken souvlaki is TO DIE FOR.  And the prices are ridiculously low.  I did takeout here at least once a week when I lived in PHX.  And the owner Christos is a sweetie.  It's such a great atmosphere for a casual dinner with a date or friends - you must go!I have to add that I have eaten the souvlaki dishes at Evvia in the California Bay Area (the sister restaurant to Kokkari Estiatorio, which is ranked the #1 Greek restaurant in California).  The $7 souvlaki at Cyprus Pita Grill is BETTER.  Yeah.  Run, don't walk here.
4	It was back in the '80s when Town and Country Shopping Center was a hoppin' place on weekend nights because of its great selection of trendy restaurants. Maybe those heydays are gone, but as someone from the neighborhood, I am glad to see a few small "boutique" restaurants going in, and Cyprus Pita Grill might well start drawing more crowds. The food is carefully prepared and presented, the atmosphere is cute faux Greek, and the service is pleasant. The lamb on my gyro plate was tender and scrumptious and I regret I didn't order any appetizers. A neighboring table was ordering all appetizers instead of entrees and they looked wonderful. Three of us sated ourselves for a mere $45 and resolved to stop by more often.
4	I dig this spot! I worked next to it for a few years and it gets better and better. The owners are actually Greek and seem to know what they are doing. The garlic fries are awesome and my fave is the gyro plate, yummy. Everything is pretty good, even the location and the price.
4	Ok so first of all, it seems like the girls taking the orders are always hot, kinda like at Pita Jungle. The food is good, not great, but definitely above average. It's a great healthy option and is much cheaper than Pita Jungle, which I've always thought was overpriced anyway. Lunch with a drink is usually under 8 bucks and always very quick. I don't understand the plastic cups for the soda, why not just give styrofoam ones, then people can take them with on the road... or is this because people will drink less soda? weird.They skimp on quality of vegtables... most people think as long as you are eating veggies, you are doing a good job, oh no... not at all. Iceberg lettuce has no nutritional value at all. Fattoush and a few other places serve good lettuce. So yeah, better than Pita Jungle, but not as good as Fattoush.
4	Someday I'll branch out and try some other dishes, but the Chicken Cesar Pita keeps me coming back!Chicken is always hot, lettuce always fresh and well chilled - The perfect combination!  And at $4.95, you can't beat it!  I actually like the fact that it's served on a traditional pita (taco style), not a burrito pita like most other pita joints.
4	I stopped by the Cypress Pita Grill last weekend and treated myself to a salad and side of greek fries.   The portions were large... the "side order" of fries would have been plenty for two people to share.My salad was filled with all my favorite stuff... crisp lettuce, tomato, olives, and feta surrounded by soft pita triangles.  The fries were swimming in feta and dressing... mmm, so good.  I'm looking forward to going back and stuffing myself on more fries!
4	I tried this place for the first time since I have been working in the area for 6 months.  Loved it!  I got the special, Chicken Cesar wrap and it was great!  The chicken was hot and the lettuce was cool, and not too much dressing...A simple dining choice that has good quality.  I will definitely return!
4	This place was my regular lunch spot for years. Once because I moved further away did I forget about it, but now that I'm closer, it's making it back into the rotation of places to eat. Post peak hours, there is almost always ample seating. It's traditionally seat yourself during non-lunch hours, and the place is small enough where the server staff finds you quickly., They offer two types of iced teas, regular and Passion Fruit, served in large tumblers. I always get started with the Greek Fries. They are smothered in melted feta, lemon juice, and oregano, It's a good sized portion for the price. Then I always get a Gyro Pita. I have never deviated past that. But it's consistent service and good food.
4	Really a nice little find. Four stars for the gyro dinner, veggie plate and greek salad. They were all really good and the price is definitely right. i will definitely be back here again!
5	Located in the Town and Country Plaza in Phoenix on 20th St. and Camelback, Cyprus Pita Grill appropriately brings excellent food and ambiance.I have eaten at this restaurant dozens of times and can say that they are consistently wonderful. The management is so charming! The owner is from the island country of Cyprus.There is some nice artwork on the walls and interesting decor. The restaurant is wide open but intimacy doesn't suffer. Lighting is subdued and slightly romantic although there is no reason to feel awkward if eating alone. There is also a nice patio on two sides of the restaurant perfect for people watching or getting a breath of fresh air.The food is superb! My favorites are hummus, chicken souvlaki (grilled chicken on skewers), and the Greek fries. Do yourself a favor and order the Greek fries! They are French fries smothered in feta cheese and seasonings. If you like feta cheese and fries separately you are going to fall in love with the combination!! They also just started serving flaming cheese which is sauted in brandy and ouzo, lit a flame, and served table side. Very flavorful and dramatic.A quaint restaurant with excellent food in a nice part of Phoenix makes Cyprus Pita Grill well worth the visit.
4	Cyprus grill is a wonderful addition to the Town n Country shopping area. Easy, tasty Greek food served well in a nice environment. Staff is friendly and skilled... they know their custom menu. I got the Gyro pita with Greek Fries... my fav. I have yet to order a bad thing from their menu.
1	I love pita, hummus, Mediterranean food and was anxious to try this place. What a huge disappointment. Dressing was over spiced, just burned. Pita was bland. Glad to see stable something in Town & Country.
2	I love Mediterranean food, but Cyprus Grill is just OK. The food is better than the service which isn't saying much. I was there yesterday and they screwed up my takeout order and I had to return to get the right food. When it was all said and done they did give me the correct food and let me keep the wrong food but did not try to comp me a meal or dessert. I probably won't go back.
5	Love this place!  The portions are huge, the food is excellent, & the prices are reasonable.  Come here hungry!
3	Quick little restaurant, once you get the attention of the waitstaff.   My friend had a burger and greek fries.  The burger was so-so but he fully enjoyed the greek fries, a zesty lemon drizzle with feta cheese crumbles over fries.  I had a gyro salad which was the greek salad with slices of gyro meat.  I should have asked for taziki to go with my salad it needed an extra little something.   Would I go back ...maybe if I was in the area again.  Would I go out of my way to go there...ehh...probably not.
3	Went here with my sis today she never wants to go to FEZ ::sigh:: I had the falafel pita and she had the ceaser one. I had the passion fruit tee yummmmm I almost walked out with the glass I didnt want to put it down it was so good. Our pita's came out hekka quick the giant falafel balls were ok maybe a bit hard and dry in the center but pretty tasty. My sisters chicken was a tad burnt around the edges but she ate it all anyway! Next time I want to try the homemade sangria it sounded lovely!
5	The BEST chicken souvlaki I've ever had!!!  GREAT PLACE and very quick!
5	Cyprus is always a reliable place for good greek food. The gyros are excellent, salads are always fresh tasting. We must eat there 5 or 6 times  a year and never had a bad meal or bad service.
5	This is one of my favorite places!  My friend and I often go after the gym (LA Fitness is a few doors down).   We take our 2 little kids and the staff at Cyprus is so nice to the kids, friendly and we always get fast and fresh food.  I love the salads and pita sandwiches with fresh chopped cucumber and tomato!  The tzatsiki sauce is ridiculously good and I could happily pour it over everything and eat entirely too much pita with it!  And, although it looks weird, the schefitalia (spelling?) meatballs are really good.
4	had lunch here today outside with the girlfriend and my mother. I have to say we were pretty blown away with the size of the hummus plate, 3 pieces of pita with a good 3/4 to full cup of hummus, for under 4 bucks. I had the chicken pita, tasted great  had onion, tomato, cucumber, and  tzataiki, freakin awsome! my girlfriend had the gyro pita and loved it. My mom had the lamb pita and says it was awsome... unfortunantly we were all being greedy and didn't want to share our pitas. I also ordered two falafel, best i've found, crunchy outside with a crazy mixture of being dense and light, you could taste all the flavor on the front of your tongue and the spice at the back of your tongue. We'll be heading  back pretty soon I hope. Also Lisa I think we spotted you there sitting outside. not sure it was you since you where sitting behind me and next to some folks with their dog.
4	We ordered in for work and it turned out great. The Gyros are not overloaded with Tzatziki sauce, just the right amount..but my favorite the Greek fries. Holy crap, they were nothing less than awesome. A Lemony kick with a smattering of feta...so good. we will definitely go back!
4	I got takeout here today and was not disappointed. The soup of the day was Mushroom Brie Bisque...I mean, how could you go wrong with those ingredients?? It was  everything I hoped for: creamy, savory, luscious, yummy. I wish I'd gotten a bowl instead of a cup. I also got an order of dolmades. Usually dolmades are cold and often very dense and "rice-y," which can be a turn-off for me. These were warm and almost saucy inside, and served with a warm tangy lemon-cream sauce. Delicious.And there was plenty of warm oiled pita bread, nice and moist to sop the dolmades sauce up.I'll definitely be back!
4	This is a solid Greek establishment in the Phoenix area for the lunch crowd.  It's not the absolute best greek food/gyro shop I have ever had, but considering the comparison is with Gyro's on the Island of Santorini, its probably pretty good.First off, stay away from anything on the menu that does not contain the words Spartan and Club.  There you go, now you know what to order.  The Spartan Club is magic in your mouth.  It is two pieces of gyro bread with gyro meat, chicken, lettuce and tomato. Grab some sriracha and spice it up a bit, and there isn't a better combination.  If this beast of a sandwich (dare you to eat a whole one), isn't enough for you, order some of the Greek fries.  They come topped with Feta and Garlic sauce.  They are super as well.The only reason that Cyprus Pita does not get the five star rating is that this is all that I have one the menu.  I have had a few other menu items, but I don't venture out of these two any more.
4	I have to admit that I started going to Cyprus because they are part of the Lunchclub and offered a coupon. After that, I was pretty much hooked on the Spartan Club. I got burnt out quick though. Since it was closer to work than Pita Jungle, my coworkers and I went there a lot. I've ordered the chicken salad, kabob plate, salmon salad, pesto fries and I need to space out my visits now.The staff is quick and friendly, especially during the crowded lunch hour. The guys at work also don't mind coming here because the girls who work there are good looking too, otherwise known as "talent."So if you're not coming for their awesome food, at least come check out the chicks. Just kidding- they are actually a nice crew of people.
4	Stopped in here for a late lunch right in the middle of the storm that was blowing through on Tuesday. It was late afternoon and nasty outside so the restaurant was empty except for my friend and I. Cute, small cafe with the usual wall murals and decorative touches that are pretty much the standard in restaurants like this. We both completely enjoyed our food. And there was LOTS of it. But what REALLY made our meal was the mushroom brie bisque they were serving. Yummy, yummy, yummy. Can't even tell you how good it was. Served with some pita triangles on the side....it just hit the spot. I'm usually not a 'soup person'...but with the nasty weather...and I was pretty wet and cold from running to the restaurant from the car...and just the name alone....MUSHROOM....BRIE...BISQUE....well, I just had to have some. And it TOTALLY lived up to expectations. Fast, friendly service. Great food. I'll be back....even if they aren't serving the mushroom brie bisque that day. But it would DEFINITELY help.
4	My first experience with Cyprus was about 4 years ago.  My husband was living in the neighborhood, but I was still in denial about moving to the Valley.  It was like a little vacation to come to "the city" and stay in our Biltmore apartment.  The novelty wore off quick once I moved here, but I still enjoy Cyprus.  It makes a nice precursor to a movie at AMC.  At Cyprus, my husband and I can both get get pitas, hummus, and drinks...or we can share the water fountain and 7 kernels of popcorn at the movies for the same price.My favorite part about Cyprus is the pita bread.  It's thick cushy pita, not the flavored cardboard pita they somehow manage to split open to make a pocket.  I'm a little partial to the chicken souvlaki with it's tangy tzatziki sauce, crunchy cucumbers, fresh lettuce and tomato.  The hummus is always tasty, although I seem to remember it being just a little better in the old days.  Not sure if they changed the recipe, or its just me remembering it differently.The only downside, the last two times I've been in we have been waited on by girls.  What happened to the Greek Gods?  Minus a star for that!
3	I have been here twice now, and had different things both times (Gyro Pita and Falafel Wrap), but as much as I love a good Gyro lunch, Cyprus Grill just didn't quite do it for me.  I do like that you order at the counter, and the food comes out pretty quick, but I wasn't blown away by either the gyro meat or the falafels.  I thought the gyro meat was a tad dry, and they really skimped on the tzatki sauce, which didn't help the dry meat situation.  The falafels were decent, they had a bit of a kick to them, but the wrap that they were served in was a downer. I will probably end up eating here again since they are near my office, but once you have had a really good gyro (like the ones at Haji-Baba) this one just doesn't quite make the grade.
4	This is a great lunch place, I go here frequently. The food is always good, and as long as you go at lunch, you don't have to pay tip! My favorite order is the spartan club and the pesto fries, yum!The staff is nice enough, have never had any problems (including the time I spilled a whole glass of water on the table/floor). The atmosphere is ok, not exactly my taste but very typical for a Greek restaurant. The seating outside is awesome on a cool day.
3	There falafel here is sick! At least it may make you sick. I have been here several times and have always gotten one my my favorite foods, falafel. The basic order here just included a pita filled with falafel, lettuce, tomatoes and some tahinni sauce. You can opt to add fries for a bit more. The falafel always seemed a bit dry to me, however it was crispy. Getting both is a tough act outside of Israel apparently. What does concern me about this place is their very spotty health record as seen here. http://tinyurl.com/yzuutaj  As of late they have improved but I still have some doubts.Here you order a counter and they bring you your food, drinks are at a soda fountain and self serve. There is siracha sauce available to spice up your meal.
4	This place is fairly close to my hotel so I swung in for dinner on Thursday night.  At around 6 there were only 4 or 5 other people dining in, and most of them were solo diners.  I grabbed a seat - although they do have a counter you can order take out from.  I ordered a portobello pita with hummus and a side of fries.  With a drink it came to under $10!  The pita was delicious and the fries were nice and crispy.  I think this just might be my favorite place I've eaten in Phoenix so far!
5	Great place for lunch.  Reasonable price and food is always good.  I love the Chicken savoualki...I think that how you say it.  All of us from our office order food from this place.  we just love the food!
4	great place for lunch.  Good food and fresh.  Love the chicken souvalki....:)
5	I really loved eating here and plan on coming back soon!I came here with two friends. Service was a little slow at first but was acknowledged and apologized for immediately. (To apologize our server brought us a piece of this cake at the end of our meal. It's not on the menu, I'm not sure what it was. It was topped with Phyllo dough and honey and the cake part was kinda like a cheesecake but not, it was a different texture, lemony with lemon rind in it and not very sweet but it was VERY good. I quite enjoyed it. Perfect way to end the meal.Now to rewind and go back to the start, we had a couple appetizers. We started with the Bruschetta - $3.95 and the Veggie Combo - $10.95 The bruschetta was incredible! I could have made that my meal.The veggie combo was also just as good, BUT I have to say this: For those who don't know, Spanakopita is Phyllo dough filled with spinach, onion and feta cheese. "Spanaki" in greek means spinach. There was NO spinach or onion on this. Just Phyllo and cheese. It was still so, SO good, I mean you can't go wrong with cheese and dough right? But I wanted spinach and onion! The falafel looked like a hush puppy from Long John Silvers, but was a hundred times better.For my entree I had the Lamb Souvlaki Dinner - $12.95. So tasty, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  mmmmmmmmmmmmmm.Oh note to the staff. When it's night and people are sitting on the patio, light a candle and turn on your decorative outdoor lights. Some of us like to see what we eat!. Still 5 stars!
3	I frequent here for lunch.  I adore their Pita's.  They make it really tasty and consistent every time.  Their menu is typical Greek, humus dip, lamb/pork skewer with rice, gyro's with side of crispy fries.A thing to know is you line up and order your food at the register and you obtain a number and just find an open seat.You can't go wrong at all! Guaranteed to hit the spot!
5	Okay I finally ate on site. Service was beyond fast..every table that sat near us including ourselves.. exclaimed "wow that was fast" when the food came. Im talking not even a 15 minute wait. I had the grilled chicken pita and it was delicious...pita was fluffy and doughy and chicken as grilled to perfection. Greek Fries are a must have.. you will eat them first before you even get to your pita they're that good. Its delicious, fast, inexpensive, you cant beat it.
4	Scrumptious! After going with my friend to see 'Get Him to The Greek' (it was a theme day!) we went to Cyprus Grill for lunch. I ordered the Spartan sandwich (which is grilled chicken and gyro meat (presumably lamb, but possibly cow, lol) on a pita and a side of Greek Fries (which are their fries with crumbled feta and maybe a lemon type sauce)...well, whatever is on those fries, it should be illegal! I rarely enjoy fries and I ate every single last one on my plate! The portions are big and I will probably be eating my pita sandwich for another two days. I highly recommend this place, it's super tasty! (and the service was uber-fast!)
4	Maybe it was a matinee viewing of "Get Him To the Greek" last weekend. No matter how it happened, I have been all about Greek food the last few days. Following up my delicious gyro feta on Tuesday, I decided to try out Cyprus Grill, right around the corner from my stomping grounds. The place is right next to Trader Joe's, so I am not sure how I missed it before tonight. Walking in, Cyprus has a smallish set-up with hardwood floors and some outside seating (with misters, thankfully). I was immediately greeted by the hostess/cashier/etc with a huge smile, which always lets me know I made a good choice. With all of the complaints about customer service on Yelp, I would think more restaurants would train their staff right, and Cyprus certainly has do so. From an earlier Yelp review, I knew exactly what I wanted: the Spartan Club (a pita sandwich with grilled chicken, gyro meat, lettuce, tzatziki, feta, and hot sauce) with greek fries. My new friend offered an upsize in fries, but they were bad enough as a side, so I was fine with the normal order. After about 8-10 minutes, I was on my way.Simply put, the sandwich is fantastic. I love pita bread, and this was soft and tasty, but strong enough so it wasn't breaking with the weight of the sandwich. The chicken was excellent, if not overcooked just a touch, and the gyro meat was as good as any I have had. The tzatziti sauce was lighter than I like, but it and the feta certainly added to the meal. The one issue I had with the sandwich was my own fault. The hot sauce seemed like a strange addition for it, and even though it added a little bite, it eventually overcame the Spartan. Don't get me wrong, it tastes great, but I would probably go without the hot sauce next time.The Greek fries were fantastic as well. Sometimes with Greek fries, the lemon overcomes the rest of the meal, but it was a perfect compliment to the melted feta and seasoning.All in all, another great Greek meal and well worth the solid price you pay for it.
4	The people here are psychic!Really, I eaten here at least 10 times.  Each time, my food has been delivered within moments...way too fast to actually prepare it - but is always incredibly fresh.  So - they must sense I am coming, know what I am in the mood for (even if I don't know myself!) and start putting together the dish while I am still driving there.  I can't think of any other explanation!I am not a lemon soup fan - but everyone I have taken there who orders it swears by it.  The lamb is perfectly cooked, the souvlaki is well seasoned, and the gyro meat should be the standard by which all gyro meat is graded.As one who drinks a LOT of water or iced tea, I appreciate the huge cups they are served in - I don't have to wait to catch the server's attention for a refill.  In fact - I don't think I've ever finished my first cup here.So glad to have this place as a dining option in my area - doesn't cost much more than fast food and is SO much tastier!
5	Once again, this place does not disappoint. Tonight I took my friend from Northern Arizona out to dinner. We ordered the hummus (yummy), and I orders the mousaka. OMFG! It came out looking like a beautiful Greek lasagna (if lasagna was blessed enough to include mashed potatoes and eggplant!!!!). I was already pretty full from the hummus but just could not stop myself from eating more and more of the mousaka. It was, simply put, PERFECTION. My friend had the gyro plate with Greek fries and she was also VERY impressed. This place is awesome.
4	I've been going to Cyprus Pita Grill for quite awhile. I'm always a fan of their feta fries, and a gyro with extra feta. Great prices, and good food. The atmosphere is a little cheesy and casual, but hey...for a great gyro I'd eat it on the side of the street if I had to.
4	I ate at Cyprus Grill last night. I have not eaten here for a while due to service. For years the food is always great but the service was not warm and friendly. However I did take out this time. The lady who took my order was very friendly. She was the same person who rang up my order when I picked it up. She was very pleasant and friendly in person as well. I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki Pita. It was fresh and ooooh soooo Yummy. I really have always been impressed with the food. The restaurant was packed and the patrons seemed happy. You can't beat good Greek food that has great pricing....
4	Stopped here for a bite after shopping.Friendly staff, quick service, and reasonably priced.  We shared the bruschetta and hummus.  Then I had the chicken breast pita.  Everything tasted fresh.  The pita bread was warm and soft.  The hummus had great flavor and not drenched in extra oil.  The bruschetta was so simple and yummy, fresh tomatoes over a pesto with a sprinkle of parm on top.It was just enough food and really hit the spot.  If I lived here I'd love to come back for another meal. I loved the open air setting, friendly service and great food.
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch. Gyro pita wrap with Greek salad. Service was quick and friendly. Food was tasty and well made. As always, a good experience.
5	A favorite everytime I am in town...lemony feta fries are AWESOME.  Gyro salad never disappoints.  I highly recommend this place for fresh, delicious food.
4	I have lunched here before...gyros are fabulous and the hummus is delightful.  This is a solid spot for good, fast and Greek.  Today, thankfully, I had a bowl of the Mushroom Brie Bisque and I was stopped in my snooty food tracks.  Lots of mushrooms that actually looked like mushrooms in a lovely creamed broth that had the tangy brie finish that let you know this wasn't just your everyday soup.  It has been a long time since lunch has surprised me, but today I am so glad it did.
2	This place is just okay.  The soup was a little salty, and the hummus which I generally adore wasn't awesome.  I think it was home made but it didn't have enough olive oil or tahini.  If I can't get good hummus I might as well eat at the Arby's next door, or run into TJ's.  The place is clean and a quick lunch which is nice.  Not the best place, but probably not a bad idea to introduce a picky eater to the joys of garlic and Mediterranean food.
5	I have been meaning to start reviewing the MANY places I go to every week and have just procrastinated. What a great place to finally begin my review ritual. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.First, when we walked in, there was nowhere to sit. A nice gentleman in the corner waived us down and said he would be leaving soon and to have a seat at his table...which we did. He introduced himself as George and apparently is a regular here and had nothing but great things to say in a strong greek accent. I thought that he may be a little biased based on his obvious background, but entertained the pleasant conversation because he was quite the riot. He then introduced us to the owner. The nicest 80 something year old man you will ever meet that truly cares about his place, his food, and his customers. We decided to each start with a soup on the recommendation of George. I had the tomato basil and my friend had the egg and lemon(because I don't know how to say it or spell it in Greek) soup. Both were amazing. the tomato basil was a rich, heartier texture and you could literally taste each ingredient that created such a wonderful aroma and combo of flavor. It is really great to be able to taste freshness.We decided to share a sandwich as we weren't super hungry and chose the Spartan Club. Again, what a great combo of flavors that made this Pita-style sandwich taste so great. The pitas themselves just have this fresh feel to them that makes all the difference in the world. We also decided to experiment with something new and have the greek fries to go along with it. Not the healthiest choice, but oh so worth it. If you like cheese...and I don't mean fake, melted, orange stuff... I'm talking real cheese and real flavor, order these...you won't be disappointed. All in all, a wonderful first time for me. I love finding a neighborhood place that is owned by the "little guy" and will support this place over and over again. Go there, show your support, and say hello to the very nice older gentleman pouring your wine....he will be the one with the smile on his face. Thanks to everyone at Cyprus
5	I love Cyprus Grill because I love lemon.  My 3 favorite things are:Greek Fries - French Fries with feta cheese, lemon sauce, and seasonings.  They're freaking spectacular.Fried Calamari - You can get it by itself or on a salad.  The calamari is fried light and crispy.  Never gummy/rubbery.  And of course you get to squeeze fresh lemon on it :)Avgolemono Soup - A lemon and rice cream soup.  It's scrumptious.So if you're in the mood for a little citrus zest with your meal, I highly recommend you make a trip to Cyprus!
4	Excellent, fresh mediterranean food.  Not your typical heavy Chicago gyro style of place.  I always opt for the Chicken Souvlaki plate w/ a Greek Salad.This location and the one in Tempe (now known as Oliveo...owners falling out or something) are both fantastic.  However, I still prefer the Tempe location for the price and the chicken tends to be cooked perfectly, i.e. it is never dried out, but you have to be willing to deal with the college crowd ;)
5	Amazing greek food! Definitely try the greek fries!  I always try to come here every time I am in Phoenix.  Staff is also always very friendly!Also try the greek calamari.  Unusually delicious!
4	I love Greek food. I have no idea when I became so enamored with Greek cuisine but I am glad I did. I end up craving it at least once or twice a week so when I met the fiance for lunch today near his office I mentioned aforementioned craving and he led us here to Cyprus Grill.The place was pleasantly busy but not overcrowded. We ordered at the counter and out food came out pretty quickly. We tried the gyro pita as well as the gyro plate. We cleared our plates in no time so I guess that means the food was good, right? The gyro meat was tasty, moist and flavorful. The rice was delicious and the tzatziki sauce was refreshing. We decided that we'd be going back for future lunch dates whenever possible. Besides, you can't have too many go to Greek spots in my opinion so this one's definitely going in our books. Done and Done.
4	Love me some Spartan Club! This place is really relaxed and convenient location wise. They have a system where you order at the counter and pay there and your food is brought to whatever table you're sitting at which is good for me because I hate when servers ask me every five minutes if my food tastes okay or if I want a refill. When I'm eating I want to enjoy the company of the person sitting across from me, not the server. As far as drink refills go I have legs that are fully functional and am a big boy. Anyway cool spot and will defiantly be going back again and again:)
4	This place is great. Hummus is really yummy and comes with plenty of pita. The boy gets a chicken caesar pita wrap that I always like to steal bites of. We like Maggie!
4	I'm no expert on Greek food, but as far as I'm concerned Cyprus Grill does it as well as anyone. The Spartan Club (a massive pita sandwich stacked with gyro toppings, grilled chicken, lamb and hot sauce) is one of those dishes I crave, even when i can't finish it all. The service is always terrific, and it's located right by Trader Joe's, so you can grab some good, cheap bottles of wine while you're there.
5	Cheaper Greek food than My Big Fat and tastier. Recommend the Greek fries (feta and lemon juice) and the Spartan club. Nice patio seating too. One of my favorite places in the area.
5	Awesome Greek fries!!! Anybody who loves greek flavors must try them!
5	We frequent here often but I'd never taken the time to post a review. I cannot say a negative thing about Cyprus. The staff are amazing. They are prompt to serve us and the food is always fast and fresh. They have opened a new location in Chandler and we have been there quite a few times as well. I can honestly say they do everything right and it is consistent at both locations. Greek fries are a must and my husband loves the gyro pita and I love the chicken souvlaki pita.
3	Cypress Pita is a nice Greek restaurant tucked into the Town & Country retail area. First off the Service was very nice and attentive. The food was good, but for the price Phoenix has other alternatives. For Greek food I think it's 4 Star.
3	I do this this restaurant. I've been here many times before. Their gyro platter is wonderful, the pita bread is top notch and the prices are reasonable. I was there yesterday for lunch and ordered the Mushroom Brie Bisque. It was delicious except for the fact it was served in a bowl with not one, not two but, three chips on the rim. Big noticeable chips. That bowl belonged in the trash and a customer should not have been served a $5 bowl of soup in it.  A dirty fork or knife happens in the best of places but there was no excuse for the condition of that bowl. You lost a star on that one Cypress Pita Grill.
2	Disappointing.Prices slightly higher than the quality of the food and dining experience should dictate.  Food wasn't terrible, but not good or great.Food below was for two adults and two smaller children.Had the vegetarian Appetizer ($11).  It had two sauces, a small stack of pita corners, three fried balls (best part), and two HOT grape leaves (they weren't bad hot, just always had them cold before).  Just okay.  My wife and I love hummus usually, but neither of us cared to finish this.My wife and I both really wanted lamb for the main course.  I mean, that's what Greek is all about.  But when we tried to order, we discovered they were all out.  Strange.  I probably would have changed restaurants but we'd already ordered appetizers and drinks at that point.  But that's okay.  Restaurants run out of things.  My wife tried a Gyro meat platter $11, and I tried chicken souvlaki $12.My chicken was low quality chicken, fatty, and kind of nasty.  Two tiny skewers.   Probably $.75 worth of chicken.  Rice was mushy, and I couldn't stomach more than a bite or two.  Salad was decent, but just a greek salad.Ordered a couple glasses of wine, which were warm and tasted like they were turning.  Should have sent them back but didn't.Ordered the Baklava desert.  It was like a 2" square type of piece, tasted like I could have bought it next door at Trader Joes.  I expected better/more that I could at least offer four bites to the four people at the table.Damage, $55 bill plus tax and gratuity.  Honestly, I wouldn't have paid $20 for it if I could have done it again.If you go here, get a cheap sandwich or a salad.  They look decent and fairly priced.  This is probably a good to great lunch spot for a quick bite.  Just don't go here and  expect a nice big meal.Myself, I doubt I'll be back.  If I do, I'll come back for a quick lunch and order a large greek salad topped with something ($12).  Just too many amazing dining opportunities in Phoenix.
3	I've eaten here a few times now, and it's a okay. It's a fast casual diner that serves Greek style food.  You order and pay at the counter, they give you a number for your table, and when the food is ready, they walk it out to you.The first time I ate here, I carried out a Gyro, and it was awesome.  Tasty, hot, and really hit the spot. The second time I ate here, I got the brusetta.  I didn't like it all that much, and don't know that I would order it again.the reason I didn't like it was because of the following.  A) to many tomato's on the brucetta, and they were cold! B) Bread was warm, and to soft.  C) not my style of brusetta.  I like brusetta to be on toasted french bread, and have it be warm all around.  This wasn't.Next time I eat here I think I'm going to stick with the Gyro since it was so tasty.
5	This little place is Deeeelightful! The falafel is truly homemade and the gyros have cucumber! Loved the flavored fries as well, greek and pesto, both yum-tacular! My husband n I will definitely be back, they better get used to seeing these smiling mugs! :D
3	The food here is fresh and fairly tasty, with decent-sized portions - however, don't believe the hours they list on their website. According to the site, they're open till 10. One night, we drove over only to be told they were only doing to go service that night (which was a bummer, since they screwed up my bachlava and we didn't realize it till we got home). Two other times I've called ahead and been informed they were closing at 9 or even 8. Last time, we ate on the patio, which was lovely, albeit a bit dark. Two guys walked in to be seated and the waitress let them know they were actually closing. When the men expressed confusion, since the site listed 10 pm, the waitress said, "Well, we don't HAVE to close right now, you can still come in and eat..." (while she continued stacking chairs up on tables). Nobody wants to feel unwanted, guys - pick your hours and update your website.That said - the Greek fries are delicious if you love feta (and boy do we love feta). The seasoned rice is buttery and herby, the salads are fresh and generous, and the meat is generally a bit overcooked but still seasoned well. My husband is on a strict gluten-free diet and has no trouble eating here.
4	We definitely enjoy eating here.  What we DO NOT enjoy is being called "guys."  My wife and I are both well-beyond 60, and DO NOT enjoy that level of casualness from anyone.  The dark-haired waitress, dressed mostly in black,  kept asking "are you guys" this and "are you guys" that.  If I had a dollar for every time that she did I could have paid for dinner."YOU" is both a singular AND plural word.  "You all" would be OK; ditto "you folks."  But 86 "you guys" --or worse, "youse guys." --JDH
4	My dining buddy and I had an early-evening meal here last Friday on a Groupon 3-course-dinner coupon and could not have been treated better.  We had helpful, attentive service and were not at all rushed, despite lingering into the more crowded hours.  The food was very good, generously portioned, and nicely presented.  We will definitely return.
4	Our family stopped here on a whim to get a snack and ordered greek fries and bruschetta. Both were generous portions and good values and so delicious we were looking forward to visiting again before finishing our food. The service was friendly, but slow due to only one server working.
4	I am SERIOUSLY ADDICTED to the Greek fries.  I go most weekends and eat at Cyprus Grill before I do my grocery shopping @ Trader Joe's.  Service is low-key, the seating is comfortable, and I can lock my bike at the rack in front of Trader Joe's.   I can always find a table, and they don't rush me.  I read the paper and savor my lemoney, olive oily, feta cheesey Greek fries.  YUM!
4	We tried Cyprus Grill for the first time tonight and were really impressed! The service was very friendly and fast. We started out with the hummus appetizer and it was really tasty. You could tell the pita and hummus were both fresh. Their hummus is a little different in that its more chunky than other hummus I have had but still very creamy and delicious! I ordered the gyro pita with a side Greek salad and my husband had the spartan club with a side of the Greek fries. Both dishes were very tasty but the Greek fries were amazing!! The Greek fries have feta and Parmesan cheeses drizzled with lemon olive oil and then topped with paprika and oregano...so good...we will be back!!
1	The food was pretty decent, but the waitresses were inattentive. No ambiance. Good green tea. They tried to commit our order to memory, which was a colossal failure. Both orders were slightly wrong.
4	I had the lamb souvlaki pita and it was fantastic.  Plenty of toppings and the tzatziki sauce was superb.  Best of all was the lamb cubes: generous portion of meaty chunks.  Some places skimp of the toppings and meat and leave much to be desired but Cyprus Grill gives you the bang for your buck.On the night I was here there must have been a call off or two as one woman was left to operate the cash register and serve the tables.  There was a wait but this lady handled it like a champ and kept her composure.  My friend said this place is typically staffed well so the longer wait was not the norm.  Props to this gal for taking it all in stride.I was also impressed with the tropical tea they served.  It had passion fruit or some other tropical fruit that I'd never expect to find in tea but it was very good and refreshing after spending the day out in the sun.Cozy restaurant in the Town & Country Mall at 20th St & Camelback.I will be back.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in this area of town. food is great people are nice.  I seem to like the Spartan club most and like going with someone so I have room for a few Greek fries. :)
4	Great food! I've only been once, but I was happy with the lamb entree. The salad the entree comes with was decent (nothing to write about...seriously). However, my brother got the side of fries topped with feta cheese, some paprika and lime. DELISH. oh so good. Also, the drinks come in these huge glasses. I mean HUGE. and the service was excellent. 5 stars worth. Only manned by one girl, but she was just so polite, nice and attentive.
1	I'd give this place 0 stars if possible. Went there for pickup and the waitress was EXTREMELY rude!! Acted like I was wasting her time, didn't say hello or goodbye, just kind of left us standing there awkwardly after she handed us the reciept. The food was very overpriced for what you get (got the felafel dinner) and the felafel was very dry. Don't go here!
5	Cyprus was my kitchen away from kitchen ...(get it?). I would come here sometimes once a week and enjoy the food of my father's home. Although it is not gourmet, it is a place where I could always get a great meal for a great price served by a wonderful staff. It was nice to see the owner almost every time I was there to keep the quality up and the it never sweltered. This is one of those places I had to sadly say goodbye to when I left Phoenix.The food is just plain good. From the gyros, to the avgolemono, to the souvlaki, to the lamb rack, everything was cooked just right! I enjoyed the outdoor seating a lot! If the sun was at that point in the sky where you couldn't see the person across the table in front of you, the wait staff was more than willing to bring down the outdoor shades.I hope everyone enjoys this place as much as I did.
5	Great service, good food, nice patio. If you are in the mood for Greek you can't go wrong. Noteworthy: hummus, Greek fries, pitas, gyros, Greek salad, chicken souvlaki dinner, and mousaka!
5	This is my family's favorite little place to go for dinner. They have the BEST soft, warm pita and we always get the hummus/tzatziki split for the three of us. My 4 yr old son loves the chicken souvlaki and my husband and I either split the Spartan Club (YUMMY!!!!) or the white fish dinner. I love the little side Greek salad that comes on the side because everything is cut up nice and small into bite-sized pieces. And I love the tropical tea, too.The very best thing though is the service. The girls are all so sweet!
5	The food here is really good!  And it is very affordable.  I strongly recommend the Spartan Club sandwich.  Excellent!  The staff are very friendly and accomodating.  It is a good place to go for a casual meal and it is in a great location.  I plan on visiting many more times.  My wife and I go there with our young son and it is a good place for kids as well as adults.
5	This is a lovely place! The food is tasty and reasonably-priced, and the vibe is great.
5	Great food, chicken and gyros were fantastic!
4	Wow, I have become a huge fan of this place!  They have the best Chicken walnut salad and calamari.  The service is ALWAYS amazing!  My favorite healthy treat after a workout.
4	How many bites does it take to get to the lamb filled center of a gyros-pop?I'd say one, cause if you can't find gyros on the first bite, there's probably something wrong with your order ;-) ... are you sure you didn't order the chicken?And you thought I was going to say something deep and meaningful, you obviously don't know me that well.Cypress Grill is my favorite place for a gyros in Central Phoenix. There's a handful of them around (gyros spots that is), but if you're looking for a gyros and within a few miles of this place, I'd say skip all the rest. I've tried at least five or so spots that serve em nearby. You'll spend a couple bucks more here than at the other places, with a gyro running you about $8, but I'm happy to conclude that Cypress is my favorite gyro in town.The hummus here is good, so is the spanikopita and dolmades. For those of you who are carb counting, you can get your gyros in a salad too. I've done that a few times myself. All in all a solid choice for medditeranean dining - one of the better spots in the area. Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	Always a great place to dine at. Great food, great prices, and a very friendly staff.
5	Great restaurant! From the food to service Cypress Grill is one of my favorite places to eat. Date night, quick bite, or to-go order this place is an ideal choice! Highly recommended!!
4	YUMMY! Nothing fancy but some really good Greek food!
3	The Gyro was decent, had some fresh veggies and the meat was tasty. It was cold though, and I've always had mine hot. Fries were thin and kind of soggy, but I did like the cheese fries. Plenty of feta, and delicious seasonings.Not bad, but I'll stick with Z's Greek down the road.
4	Best Falafal in town. Hands down.Also try their grilled wild salmon salad with their pomegranate green tea. so good.they also have a location in Chandler. just as good but with a bar.
4	This is hands-down my favorite Greek place in Phoenix. Came here about a year ago because they offered a deal online and have kept coming back ever since. Definitely try the hummus.. I'm usually so full from the hummus I end up taking my entree home! I've tried the gyro pita, the greek fries, the spartan club, the chicken caesar wrap and the gyro salad, all great! There's a lot of parking. The only thing I'd improve is probably the actual space, it's a pretty small restaurant. Never have to wait to sit down, but if it's busy your food may take a little longer than the normal quick service. Also, they should put PITTED kalamata olives in their dishes instead of ones with pits in it! Overall, great place.
4	This has quickly become one of my fave places to stop in for a bite when I don't feel like cooking...or when I get off a plane and have no groceries at home. The calamari wasn't too bad, and I like their spanakopita. The spinach artichoke dip isn't my favorite appetizer here...I'd say choose one of the others. My fave dish is the basa fish with rice and a side Greek salad. Yum! I like it so much that I've started buying basa fish at the store and cooking it at home. There's outdoor seating with sun shades for the afternoon sun. Service can be a little slow at times, though the folks are nice. Parking is a royal pain right now due to the construction of the new Whole Foods at the other end of the parking lot.
4	I've eaten here a couple of times and the service has always been friendly and the food quite good. My only suggestion for them would be to make the falafel less dense; other than that, I have no complaints. This is a good place to go for a nice and fast Mediterranean-style meal.
4	A comfy, cozy, clean and welcoming place, in an energetic terrific neighborhood.  Excellent gyros and pitas,  Tzatziki sauce is really good. We've always enjoyed the pita and hummus appetizer.  Wait staff very friendly and efficient.  Outdoor seating in nice weather is always a plus.
4	It was a little difficult to find, tucked into a shopping center. Look for Trader Joes - it's nearby. The spinach and artichoke dip is AMAZING!  I think the best I've ever had!  I got the lamb gyro - I wish I had gotten the falafel though.
4	My 4 star rating is based off of my usual order, which is the Chicken Caesar Wrap (not to be confused with the chicken caesar PITA - you wanna get the WRAP because they use the thin lavash bread.)I always get dressing on the side, although their caesar dressing tends to be lighter than most I've had anywhere else.  Please do yourself a favor and order this if you have never had it.  And eat it when it's hot - the perfectly thin lavash bread is crispy and chewy and I promise you they do not skimp out on the ingredients - the inside is brimming with perfectly grilled chicken breast, lettuce and croutons.  They also have wheat lavash if you're trying to be all like, healthy and stuff.  And the girls who are usually at the counter are always sweet and gracious.  As if the hot az weather + lunch traffic doesn't make me want to punch babies already... it's just a nice change :)
5	I've had a gyro hankerin' for months and Cyprus Grill did not disappoint. In fact, I was so pumped about it that I went into work and shared the good news and one of my co-workers ended up going on their lunch break.I went in around 1pm on a weekday and ordered a gyro pita with fries. There were a few other customers at the time and I ended up waiting less than 10 minutes for my order. Not bad. After I placed my order I regretted not getting greek fries, but when my food came I was not disappointed. The fries were excellent how they were and both them and my gyro were fresh. Next time I may get a side of tzatziki only because I like my food a little saucier than it came, but I have no complaints. There was one girl working behind the counter taking orders and when I waited I noticed that she must also clean the dining room. Since it was after the lunch rush, there were a few tables that needed to be bussed but she was still busy with orders. It would have been nice if she had some extra help.Thanks fellow yelpers for coming through on this one. I work in the Town & Country area, but because I don't pass this part of the mall I would have never realized that it was here.
5	One of my favorite places for Greek good. Chicken pita sandwich is delicious! I'm in love with the their Greek fries!
2	The Greek fries are good. Ripe salad was ok. Veg wrap was a oversized tortilla with bigmac sauce and a 1/4 cup of veggies. Gyro pita was dry so tried to cover up with taziki sauce but it wasn't that good and kind of thick.
5	The wait staff was excellent. They accommodated special requests beautifully. The Greek Salad was excellent, and the Portobello Pita was outstanding.
4	I have to say, since I wrote my last review in late 2011, Cyprus Grill has made significant improvements to their service and consistency. We stopped in the other day for lunch on the way to do some shopping, and it was busy, but not crazy. It was too chilly to sit on the patio, but we found a seat with plenty of natural light. Our server was extremely polite and cheerful; she didn't hover, nor was she difficult to find when we needed her. The atmosphere was simple and relaxed, and they had a few TVs on (muted). We split an appetizer of Greek fries - which are a MUST order, and an excellent hangover delicacy - and since we weren't heading straight home, we also asked if we could split a chicken souvlaki dinner. The waitress didn't miss a beat, and the entree - Greek salad with lots of delightful feta, dirty rice with herbs and carrots, tzatziki, and a single kabob each - came out neatly plated separately. We asked her to hold the pita because my hubby is on a strict GF diet.I was pleasantly surprised to see no split plate charge when I got the bill, so I tipped them a couple of extra bucks. Before tip, two soft drinks, Greek fries, and entree came to $23. Not bad - but if the Middle Eastern Bakery is open down the street, that'll still be my #1.
4	I shop almost weekly at Trader Joes and had never noticed that next door was a Greek restaurant. I'm not sure how I passed it each time but i'm happy to have finally found it!  I came here with my book club and was able to quickly find a table that would fit our group. We ordered drinks and appetizers right away. For apps we had the hummus platter and the greek fries. The hummus was very good but I couldn't keep my hands off the Greek firies. They were delicious. A mixture of fries, cheese, spices, and a sprinkling of lemon. All the flavors were perfect and I couldn't stop popping them in my mouth. For dinner I had the Gyro with a side greek salad for dinner. I nearly licked my plate clean. One of the better Gyros I've had since moving to Phoenix and the salad was perfect. My group had a mixture of different things but the salads stuck out the most to me. They had very generous portions amd everyone seemed to be very happy with how they tasted.It only lost a star from me because the service was pretty slow. Lucky we were enjoying our conversation that we didn't mind waiting around, but if you're in a hurry be warned. They definitely take their time here. Overall it's a great little restaurant! There's plenty of outdoor seating and the prices are very reasonable. I can't wait to go back!
5	I had falafel pita and Greek fries. As good as anything I've had in the Mediterranean. Prompt service, yummy food, knowledgeable server. The added plus for those of us visiting from the Northeast in March is the ability to dine al fresco!
1	Worst service I've ever experienced. Called my order in 20min ahead and had to wait another 30min after I got there till my fries and pita were ready and there was no one else in the restaurant not a single person. It happened once and I thought it was a fluke but this is now the second time. Staff is incompetent and rude. The cooks just seemed to be hanging out and flirting with the server. I ordered pesto fries and they were out of pesto which they should have told me when I placed my order by phone instead of making me drive there to find out. Terrible I will never go there again which is sad because they're pesto fries are great but their service is so terrible I can't imagine going back and dealing with them. Service is everything and cypress grill is a prime example of losing business over service alone. I'm telling everyone I know and they have already stopped going because they are experiencing the same lack of professionalism and service.
1	The misses is a Trader Joe's nut so we're all up in Town & Country bizznaz weekly. So there we were Sunday night in great need of sustenance. We had a choice between the new Grassroots place & this one. I saw the sign out front for their special that night, a feta burger. The lady said fine with me, I've had their chicken souvlaki & it was good. Alas we have found refuge on this long day of errands & chores.To take the edge off I ordered a sangria. It was fine. The prices were very affordable so I didn't expect anything heavenly. Just honest food for an honest price.The food came & looked fine. I took a bite of the burger & it was very dry. I had a few fries which were good. After seeing the Misses dissect her chicken souvlaki & placing a piece of undercooked chicken on the spare plate between us I noticed something was just not right here. I opened the bun on my burger. What I saw was fresh lettuce, tomato & a mediocre bun...but it was the burger took me back in time to when I was in 3rd grade in the cafeteria sitting next to my buddy Jimmy. It was about half a centimeter thin & could potentially have many uses as a coaster, a mini Frisbee, an eye patch, heat shield tiles on the next shuttle to Mars, skeet shooting - altho I recommend a 12 gauge to take this thing down. The misses noticed the dazed look on my face and says, "Honey?""Yeah Jimmy, what's up?" I reply..She gave me that look & I snapped back into reality but was still in disbelief at this burger patty. I ate 2 bites & left it dismantled. I finished my fries & her charred chicken. The raw portion of her chicken ruined it for her. She ate her rice & salad, which were good.The server was very nice & I told her what I thought of the food. I think this was the first place I've ever complained about the food at a restaurant, I just never go back. This meal was.....just very insulting. I am not an 8 year old kid anymore!In hindsight I thought, maybe I was partially to blame ordering a burger at a Mediterranean joint but c'mon, it was the special that night!The server seemed surprised when I showed her the brown disc. She informed me they ran out of fresh ground beef so I got a frozen one. Shame. I truly hope the next time this happens they just 86 their special & not serve garbage. I've had a better burger at a hospital at 3am. We will not be back.Ps. Jimmy, I miss you bro :(
4	Last night i had occasion to meet someone for a first date at Trader Joes and grab a bite at one of the local eateries. I love Greek food so i suggested Cyprus. We both had gyro pitas and i had a side of greek fries. The food and service were both good. The prices were also very reasonable. The trick with the greek fries is to eat them quick otherwise they get kinda soggy in a hurry. But they tasted very good. I was glad the service and the meal were a good experience given that my date had all the personality and charm of bologna on soggy white bread. I mean really.....what red head uses purple eye liner?Bravo Cyprus.
5	Fabulous! Fresh! Fast! Clean! Best French Fries in the valley!!!! Lemon Feta Fries mind you!!!!!
1	A "Cypriot" grill that excludes halloumi from the menu cannot be run by Cypriots..!! I was very sadly disappointed. This establishment would be short-lived in Cyprus.
4	This place is always great. I think it's weird they charge $1 per dolma since that's actually really expensive but the food here is always delish. Usually get the gyro plate or gyro sandwich. Gyro plate is definitely enough for 2 people. Greek fries are bomb dot com.
4	My friend took me here for lunch last week and I quite enjoyed my gyro pita with greek fries.  It was derishious!  I've thankfully had the real deal when we were in Athens years and years ago and this was fairly close.  I do wish the gyro had a tiny bit more Tzatziki though.  The greek fries (or they might have been a slightly different take on their specials menu) had feta cheese, which is my absolutel favorite next to parmesan, lemon squeezed over it, and oregano.  Mmmm mmmm goooooood!!  The service was speedy and they were accommodating despite it being during the busy lunch rush on a weekday.
5	Came here and got the Greek fries for an appetizer. That was awesome it's actually a pretty large portions so I would share. The gyro pita sandwich was good, also comes in a wrap. The only thing I would have to say is that the sauce was only on the back half of the pita which made for a dry sandwich at the beginning. Overall it was good and I would recommend it.
1	They need to change the oil, fries both regular and greek came out brown and well done. Everything was bland. Greek salad tasted like nothing.  Calamari fried in old oil as well. Gyro sandwich was bland too. Beer selection limited. I'm not sure how this place is still running? Service was outstanding but we will never go back.
1	Mediocre food. The staff also has no idea what the hours are. Yelp and their website says they are open until 10pm but I was just turned away at 8:45 because they just closed. Avoid.
3	Cyprus Grill is a good stop-off for a yummy Greek lunch.  The spot delivers solid gyros, chicken, and lamb pitas, lemony, feta-y Greek fries, big salads with fresh ingredients, and acceptable avgolemono (chicken lemon rice soup).  Their pitas are great - soft and fluffy.  But nothing on the menu is stand-out.  I'd recommend it for a quick and satisfying weekday lunch at reasonable prices, but wouldn't suggest it for any of your more serious meal pursuits.
5	I have been here before but I just had the most wonderful experience here.The service was really fast and the waitress Amethyst was so nice and friendly. I love to have Sriracha on my gyro and this place nailed it. I ate the pesto fries and a gyro with Sriracha and it's exactly what I was looking for.Price: 20 bucks got two gyros and pesto fries. Me and tony are like kings. We sat down but it was fast enough to get it to go.
5	I can't believe that it's been almost four years since I've been to Cyprus Grill. I recently visited for lunch and they still have the same great tasting food.I love eating outside on their patio. It's a perfect place to enjoy a casual meal. The pricing is fair, especially when you consider the location of this restaurant. I tried the Gyro for the first time with this visit and thought it was outstanding. They give you plenty of food and I would have to say that was the tastiest Gyro I have had in a long time.
5	I love Cyprus Grill, we order for the whole salon at least once a month.  Greek fries good stuff
4	Today marks my second time visiting Cyprus Grill.  I must admit I was a fan after my first visit.  The first time I thought I'd stick with the basis and ordered the gyro.  I told the really nice lady behind the counter this was my first visit and she insist I try the Greek Fries.  man I'm glad I did!  Portion are just right, perfect about every everything.  I really, really like the fact that the gyros are made with roasted beef and lamb.  Yumm!Today for lunch I tried the chicken soulaki with a side greek salad.  Just as yummy.  I couldnt finish the entire meal the first time, the chicken and salad obviously was a lot lighter.  Filled me up without feeling stuffed or hanging leftovers.I'm a fan!
4	Was craving a gyro and decided to give this place a try. Had a couple gyro sandwiches and Greek fries (I was starving don't judge me) the fries were good not as good as everybody on yelp was saying but good. The sandwiches were pretty damn good. The servers were nice and it was fast. I'd definitely go back
1	Tried to go, they were closed an hour early with employees outside drinking. Not impressed.
