2	Clear communication is an integral component of every relationship throughout life. For a business, a lack of communication can create many issues including alienating your customer base. Government agencies are unique in that when we do not receive adequate service we cannot simply go to a competitor. The Department of Revenue exemplifies poor communication resulting in poor customer service. On a positive note, the list of individuals I spoke with today were friendly and able to each provide some type of information that helped the mysterious puzzle begin to take shape; however, several calls and valuable work time could have been avoided if clear communication were to take place. It is the old adage of one hand not knowing what the other hand is doing. Over the weekend I received a letter labeled "accounts receivable demand notice" - sounds scary, but more interesting was the fact that I have never received prior communication indicating anything was afoot. There was no explanation, no contact person - only a summarized account balance showing penalties and interest for some unknown event occurring four years ago. The first lead was the bolden invitation to visit them on the web, to which the corresponding web site address was unable to provide an further information. On the back of the statement read the message "if you do not agree with the balance or need further explanation, please call..". I called the number and spoke with a lady asking for the agent's name and other information I did not have. No worries - I provided my taxpayer ID and she was able to provide the agent's name and phone number. She said she would connect me, but for my information the agent's number was...and as she gave the number she mumbled the last 2 digits. I said excuse me, but I didn't get...too late - I was patched through to the agent's voice mail. The message stated I needed to leave a string of information including my UTI number. I don't know what that is, but I don't think I have it on this form... Still being friendly as not to upset "the man" I provided my name and contact information then indicated I had not received a prior letter nor did I have a UTI number, but I did have my taxpayer ID. I clearly stated that I also did not receive the full phone number and requested a return call. Within a few minutes my phone silently vibrated without catching my attention. The agent left a voice mail stating my call was being returned and to please call back. The agent did not leave the office number and the caller ID showed Blocked. Again, I had to return to the general office number and work back to the agent. When I finally reached the agent, I received information as to what generated the letter, what was needed and why it occurred. The agent stated I should next call the collections number or I could set up something on the department web site. But even if I did the web site, I should cal the number to prevent them from taking it further. I chose phone call. In calling the collections department the person answering the phone asked the same questions and suggested I contact the agent. When I indicated that I had already spoken to the agent and it was suggested I phone collections, the representative was puzzled why the agent would send me to them. I was told that the issue was coded to auditing and should contact them to really get it resolved, but since auditing told me to call collections, maybe they could set it up on their end. My information was taken including name, address, SSN, employer, bank, etc. I indicating I would pay half of the bill this month and the other half next month. I asked if I would be sent a bill. I was told probably not - but I could phone in each time and pay over the phone. While each person was friendly and had at least a piece of the puzzle (which is the reason for the second star), the entire ordeal took longer than an hour and would have continued to run in loops. The agent suggesting I contact the collections department to avoid further issues and collections suggesting I contact the agent to prevent further issues shows how well they have the run around game down to a science. Maybe it would be too easy for one person to field the call, give an explanation and take the steps to resolve the issue. Oh, you want to pay? Let me set that up for you. Thanks! I guess three different offices and tossing people back and forth is a way to ensure job security.
4	A State agency.  I have worked for 4 agencies and this is one of the best.  Caring and compassionate management and friendly coworkers.
