5	Love the freshness of this new Bar and Karaoke place and personally I love the BBQ yeah! Love ths drink too (Baguio) :)
3	Great place, good food, and happy servers! Perfect place to hang out with friends and family. They have spacious room, serve authentic filipino viands "ulams" and cool people. Their happy hours are from 7pm-10pm with 50% off on all appetizers and $5 on signature drinks. I specifically liked their sisig fries and signature cocktail called "tagaytay". Will surely recommend this new place. :)
4	Nice new place for Pinoys to hang out in Vegas.
5	I have to give Bar Kada a lot of credit for originality. They have dishes that you won't find anywhere else such as sisig tacos, and sisig nachos. The only other place I've seen and tasted sisig tacos were off of the White Rabbit food truck in California. Then there are the sisig fries; they are the bomb. Combined with the friendly and accommodating waiters and bar staff, atmosphere, drink specials, and DJs (decent sound system by the way), Bar Kada is easily a place to get hooked to. As long as they continue to build their brand with their uniqueness, they can easily build a cult following. I also heard that this is the go-to place topsilog.By the way, I am not Filipino. I am Mexican-American.
2	I give this place 2 stars for ambiance and cleanliness. I went there for lunch and had their point point specials, the lunch special was reasonably priced, but the food was not really anything to rave about, the lechon kawali/ lechon, whatever it was did not taste good at all and the skin was like rubber. The chicharon bulaklak or what the americans call chitterlings, was ok, it wasn't soggy or nasty, definitely much better than fiesta or DT's. The rest of the menu items are just plain bland, lacking in flavor like the cook was afraid to offend the customers. This i can say though, if you are craving Filipino food for lunch and just want something quick, cheap and filling, this is the place to go, it's definitely way better than going to Fiesta Filipina and getting a headache from all the MSG they put on your food. Hey at least i did not feel like throwing up after eating there. It is sad to say, there are not many good Filipino restaurants here in town, expect maybe if you eat at home and cook the food yourself...tsk tsk tsk
3	Came out for a intimate gathering of friends night out and decided to come to this new spot for drinks and bar food. I split chicarron bulaklak and sisig with a few people. The chicarron was decent, but I prefer smaller cuts so you get better crisp to the fatty center ratio. The sisig is fairly decent. I think maybe we should have ordered a bit differently only because it was greasy pork bits overload, specially since I was just at a taco crawl event earlier. They had live entertainment, a band and a DJ during their intermissions. There is a stage if you want to dance. My biggest complaint was the volume. We left after a bit because we could not hold any conversation. I tried and ended up a bit hoarse and gave up. There is a happy medium as I've been to bar hangouts where a seat in the back meant you can have both. Most of the people really into it anyways will be dancing, right in front of the band so you don't need it to blare. Just a note that they offer happy hour specials daily of 50% off appetizers and $5 drink specials (7-10pm) but do not while there is live entertainment. You may want to call and ask if you're coming there for happy hour on a weekend. It's not a bad Filipino bar though. It's typical vibe of the bar-staurants in Philippines.
2	So I didn't try the food, so this review is for the bar/club atmosphere.So I have to start of with the fact that I hate the whole restaurant/ club thing. I don't want to eat my meal with music blaring in my ears. And I have to yell to place an order.The laser lights sparkling up the room made it feel cheesy.The music was constant and too loud. It was a Saturday and they had a live band and a DJ. I really wasn't into either of them. Some older women took to the dance floor and had a good time which is nice to see. It wasn't very busy .The drinks weren't horribly expensive but they were weak.No Happy Hour prices since there was a live band:(I would not go back!
3	Bar Kada is part of the blaring loud environment where you can eat and scream at your table mates. A group of seven of us came in during a live band night. We didn't know that they were doing anything special, but know that it will negate the happy hour they would normally run. The cocktails are on the sweeter side. I should have expected it, almost everything I ate or drank in the Philippines is sweet. The chicharone and sisig was decent. They are greasy and artery clogging, but that is half the enjoyment. The fried pig skin was light and crispy. The frying process helps to break down the tough skin and make it so airy. The sisig is a blend of fatty bits and meaty pieces. The jalapenos were spicy and the squeeze of lime juice made it oh so enjoyable.
3	Sisig fries are a must try! Even the cocktails are good. I have tried the Baguio and I must say it was every good even the strawberries infused with the drink was bomb. They do close at 3 but no matter it's stil a good place.
5	This is Restaubar is awesome they always have a cool DJ or a band. I always hangout here with my friends especially when my friends band is playing. They also have good choices of menu.
4	Fun place with decent happy hour food. I would go back for Sisig fries! Music is hit or miss depending if there's a band or DJ. Service wasn't bad. House draft beer is a good price for the taste. Should be coming back again some day.
4	Really yummy filipino food!! Whenever I come, there is always music playing via customers singing karaoke or doing some type of ballroom dance. Portions are large and they offer a wide range of the filipino cuisine. And if you come during happy hour appetizers are really cheap. Guava juice, tapsilog, kare kare, and sisig. Yum! They also have all the til-tilan or like sauces if you want them haha.
1	This is my review for FOOD Only. Food is no bueno! I came here during the day time at lunch hour. I was more interested in the YouTube videos and Filipino dramas playing in the background than the food I ordered. I'm sure it's meant to be more like a bar and lounge and loads of fun at nighttime. For food I wouldn't recommend dining here if you're sober.
1	Went with friends on a Saturday night....Not a place for young adults... Folks dancing ballroom to Pittbull... HmmmmIt's a place for moms, titas, titos, and dads.... Drinks and food menu are cheap enough tho.On the food: - the sisig fries took over 20 mins to get to the table from ordering and it was lukewarm and the shoestring fries where cold and had no crunch to it.- the chicken wings were crunchy outside, hard and dry on the inside, flavorless... Tasted like frozen chick wings.
5	My family and I went here for the first time yesterday (Sunday). Must say, it's a great place to hang out and catch up with old friends and family, especially for Filipinos. I ordered I think, Hotsilog? (Philippine hotdogs, eggs, with fried rice) and oh my goodness they have balut! (something DT's doesn't have). It definitely made me miss the Philippines. For the first time in 12 years, I tried balut again and well, I wasn't really a big fan of it knowing there's a dead bird inside. My parents told me I used to eat them a lot before but I was young then. I only ate the yellow part though. I also ordered fish balls during happy hour, now THAT was the real deal. I couldn't stop eating it! After we ate, my family sang karaoke, like a usual Filipino would do. Overall, I loved the place and I'm positive my whole family loved it too. We will definitely come back! :)
1	Very disappointed. There was only two tables including ours, our food took FOREVER.And after our female server took the orders 30mins later, she came back and told us they didnt have kalderetang kambing. Really!! After 30mins taking our orders. So she gave us the isaw and chicken bbq at the same time. When she was supposed to bring everything AT THE SAME TIME. Or at least ask us if we want a certain food item first than the rest. Then when the kare-kare was brought to our table, first bite, it was already too salty. And there wasnt any tripes in their kare-kare. We also ordered fish balls, and the fish balls took longer than the rest of the food. Hah! More than an hour wait for the fish balls. This place is nothing but a joke!Dj's were lame. And also, they charged us 20% gratuity. Why? Service suck! And the food quality was bad, not worth paying, not worth spending.Working in a steakhouse, party of 6 or more is normally 18% gratuity automatically. And barkada is nothing compare to a steakhouse so why would they be charging 20% gratuity? So I did complained on that til they correct it to 18% the way it should be. We were all very disappointed. And would never go back there. Lame ass rip off filipino is how i define BARkada.
5	It was my first time here & I LOVED it. I went with a couple of my friends, there was probably 8 of use. Once we all decided what we wanted to eat, we placed an order of about 10 - 12 different dishes for all of us to share. Our serve Em? I think that was her name was very helpful in explaining all the foods to us. We wanted to order everything on the menu because everything sounded so good. After we placed our order, we decided to get on the dance floor while we wait! The music was a great entertainment! Once we got back to the table our food was already ready! I swear we were only gone for like 20 min. Our server Em was amazingly great at checking on us and making sure everything was good & our drinks were full the whole time we were there. I recommend this place to anyone that likes to have a good time!
1	Okay. Hostess had no idea what she was doing. Food came out really late and undercooked too. The atmosphere was bleh. I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody. Wouldn't come back even if I was starving to death.
4	Hell yeah im a fan! lol The HH bbq sticks here reminds me of my childhood. They offer isaw, liempo, betamax, walkman, beef, tongue, hotdog, chicken feet and many more. I frequented this place 3 nights in a row from when i got introduce to it. haha. I ordered isaw, liempo, kwek-kwek and beef. with some white rice and a dipping sauce of vinegar w/ chilis and onions. YUM! Isaw is thoroughly clean and doesn't have that bitter taste that usually is evident if it wasn't cleaned properly. I like this the most. They have karaoke and a Dj certain nights. Service is satisfactory but the food makes up for that. Bar drinks/prices are reasonable too. Always excited to eat here. try it out!
5	Sisig fries tho ahaha so bomb especially when ur drinking a nice cold beer with it... I don't recommend going here on College night tho unless it's a frat or sorority event. No one really dances and everyone comes past 10 or as we speak Filipino time. Good for dinning bad for turning up ahaha
3	Came here to watch a comedy show and I thought the venue was decent.  Since it was late, I was too full to order food.  However, I did order halo halo with ube ice cream.  It was pricey for subpar halo halo.  $7.49...and to think that's the same price as the fish balls skewers, isaw.  Earl and I will have to return to try other items.The service was good.  Bryan kept checking on us.  Earl also ordered san Miguel light and another IPA.  He thought the price was decent.For now, I will rate it as A-OK.  Will update once I tried more food.
5	First impression was good!  Beautiful waitress.  I wish I got her name.  Maybe next time.  Tried the street food.  Let's just say it's street food, don't expect amazing.
4	Ate here couple times with family and have brought couple put of town friends as well.  Place is clean and have a good combination of different age group of people coming here not just young pinoys. You'll also find good mixture of different nationality here which is cool I think.We have tried couple foods from the menu:1) Fishballs - love this! Although it's quite expensive if you happen to be here before or after their Happy Hours and on the days they don't have the Happy Hours (Fridays & Saturdays) which I think was disappointing.  The fishballs is yummy... the closest to Philippines kind of fishballs. 2) Tokwa at Baboy - another fave here! The pork is cooked to perfection and matches very well with the crispy tokwa along with the yummy vinegar sauce they put in it.3) Kare Kare - not all that for us. It lacks flavor. 4) Tocilog - love this one as well! The tocino is good although not the same as the Philippines style but the flavor was great with the garlic fried rice and eggs (just wished they put a little salt on the egg like how it's done in Philippines) & the vinegar dipping sauce made it taste even better.5) Chicharon Bulaklak - my hubby and friends loved this one. Didn't try it as I'm not a big fan to begin with but the boys loved the crispiness with the vinegar dipping sauce.6) Pork Sisig - our friends loved this dish as well. They said it's well seasoned and it was delicious. 7) Crispy Pata - this is another delish dish although I prefer DT's crispy pata better.8) Happy Hour foods - Isaw was disappointing as it wasn't the same as the ones you get in PI. The consistency was veey different.  Pork belly liempo was very good...melts in your mouth and can eat a lot of this for sure. The bbq beef was disappointing as it was not cooked well when it was served. The inside of the meat was cold and tasted uncooked. Server tried to still charge us for the uneaten meat. So during the happy hour, we really only get the fishballs and the liempo.  I'll probably try the other food next time.9) Drinks - I loved the Baguio & Tagaytay!! I also loved their guava and guyabano drinks.Ambience:I have to agree with other yelpers that said it can be very loud in here.  Kinda hard to have conversations over dinner specially if there's not a lot of people yet.Service:The service is hit or miss.  Sometimes they are very quick, friendly and prompt in getting drinks and orders.  Other times, they are not attentive to their customers where you have to constantly flag them to get drink refills.Overall,  it is not a bad place to hang out. Will definitely be back to try other foods in their menu.
4	Only came here for drinks while waiting for a cab so I don't know about the food. The drinks were pretty cheaply priced for vegas, but what really shines is how friendly and engaging the staff was. They even called a cab for us when our cab didn't show. Planning on taking my family here next time I'm in Vegas.
3	It's a typical Filipino restaurant, karaoke included. This place isn't very vegetarian-friendly. The bar is small, but has almost any alcohol you can think of. Shots can be kind of pricey, at over $7 each sometimes. There are 2 dance floors and fun lighting. The DJ is easily accessible and will take music requests. Even though it wasn't very busy on a Monday night, service was still attentive.
4	Good food and awesome customer service. i went there yesterday with my son for a quick meal. we ordered chicharon bulaklak, quek-quek, isaw and tapsilog and it's the bomb.
1	The servers were nice but it took AN HOUR for my food to be served. Horrible. And it doesn't even taste good. Not even worth the wait.
5	Great spot to chill! If you want a good service.. And friendly atmosphere I highly recommend this place. We went here for a friends bday and Bryan has been the best with accommodating us with our needs. The drinks were always on point!! Food was great too! We will be coming back soon and we will be bringing more friends!
4	I went here a couple of times to hang out and catch up with my friends, each time leaving me with a great impression of the place--All of the food are delicious and cheap, and all the drinks are the best I've ever had; last night (11/10) didnt disappoint. This time we went there to celebrate one of our friend's birthday. At first I was really tired and wasn't in a celebrating mood but the server (im sorry tita, i didnt catch your name) went ABOVE and BEYOND to accomodate my needs and made me feel comfortable. She really interacted with us and helped create a fun atmosphere. Next thing I know, we're cheering for the birthday girl while she sang her heart away. Im really happy that the DJ, all the staff, and the FUN crowd made her feel special that night. My girlfriends had so much fun that we ended up on stage ourselves singing our favorite song. The atmosphere last night was the best. Everyone was rooting for everyone, even strangers. Our highlight of the night was when we hung out at the Bar. We were being tended to by the bartender Brian. He really made us feel welcome and comfortable and gave us the best service you could possibly get. The party truly started at the bar when one of my friends had the blowjob drink. Ladies, you must try it! The birthday girl was so happy that she started tearing up several times! All of us left the place in a very good mood and fun memories. We will definitely come back for more. This is a great spot to celebrate and let loose with your friends! I recommend this place to everyone!
4	First time eating in this place. The isaw is good !!! Friendly waiter. The ambiance is really friendly.
1	Service was terrible. Granted it was a Friday night but knowing it will be busy you would expect the service to be on point. The waitress was sweet but could not provide any info about certain things on the menu. Sisig fries was a disappoint. A whole bunch of fries and barely sisig. Fries were dry and our waters wasn't servers after 25 mins. Turon, was another item is have to ad to the list of disappoint. Was not made properly. The music was way too loud and the smoke machine was terrible idea while people eat. I will not go here ever again.
2	I wanted to take my friends out for filipino food and this place was a huge let down and I was kind of embarrassed. The lady seemed like she kept forgetting about our table and we waited at least 30min for the food, plus waters didnt come till right before food was finally being served. The food was also disappointing. Yes, theyre pretty original with the sisig fries and tacos etc. but if you cant execute a proper meal just dont serve it.
5	Good service and great food! We ordered the kare kare, tapsilog, bisteak, lechon, sisig, fishballs, and isaw! All very delicious!
1	Food was cold!! We had Bangus Sisig. The plate was sizzling but not my food! So u can tell they just heat up the food!! The pork Binagoongan was good but cold too! Told our server so Chef came out with the re-heated food with an explanation that it's fresh not re-heated. "YES IT IS REHEATED!!" He said food got cold because it was sitting under a lamp. Wth! Lamp? Not warmer. Plus heres the thing NO APPOLOGY! AWEFUL EXPERIENCE! My 1st & Last Time there!
2	The environment and facility is fantastic. We reserved the space for 80 people and were terribly disappointed. We were promised a bunch of items and the night before our party they were not able to fulfill the order. They were understaffed, didn't provide a lechon (pig) and then dessert was not prepared. The main owner promised us some drink tickets for beverages and again they did not come through and charged us extra.    After all this our guest host opened a gifted bottle of alcohol and they wanted to charge us a cork fee. Couldn't believe it! We were taking one celebratory drink and they weren't going to budge after all the other things fell through. I can't say how disappointed I am and we are. That's 80+ people they lost business to over trivial issues and a lack of preparedness. The saddest part is the food is good, the facility is great, but the management was very poor. 2 stars is being nice and mostly due to facilities.
5	This is my first time eating at this restaurant.  And I must say it looks similar like Cafe Moda.  They have a dancefloor, if you want to dance and there's music always playing.  Now for the food.  I don't know the names of some of the traditional filipino foods.  But I order whatever tastes good.  My friend told me to get the pork with fried rice and egg.  I did.  And it's really good. Also the waitress was really nice and gave good customer  service .  She gave us a discount when she saw the Yelp had a 15% discount on orders over $50.  I don't mind coming back to try the other foods on the menu.
2	my boyfriend and i went to check out this place.  it was nice and new as what you could expect in a new bar. but the service and the food is not good at all. i tried their sisig it was blunt, on top of that it took forever. the restroom didnt have toilet paper and toilet seat cover.
