4	Stopped here on the way to visit my Dad in Utah, and was pleasantly surprised by how good this place was. The chips were fresh, and the salsa was on the spicy side. I got the lunch special chili colorado with fresh-made corn tortillas, and it was really tasty, as well as reasonably priced. Since this is way out in the boonies, I doubt the typical Vegas weekend warrior would ever find their way into this place (although who knows, it is Vegas after all), I'd recommend it if you happen to be passing through on I-15 and want something better than your typical Chevy's/Mexican chain.
4	I like the food here, sometimes the service lags a bit.  The parking is rough.  The menu is very extensive and make a choice quite difficult.  The locations is far, but worth it.  I love the avocado shrimp salad, very fresh.  They prepare guacamole at your table and it's good.  There is a lot to explore on this menu.  As mentioned before the chips and tortillas are fresh.  I'm looking forward to trying their cactus appetizer.When you are leaving don't forget to get a mint, yum.  I pondered over what they were and finally asked.  Key lime after dinner mints.
5	Five star Guacamole!!!They prepare it so awsome right next to your table, fresh as can be... My daughter loves avacado , so if the kids are into it, it's a  winner no matter what... Theres a guy who plays his guitar  & it makes for great atmo...
4	This is one of those places that when you see it for the first time, second time or eighth time that you will not stop and eat. It is located on Craig road near the I15 and right next to the Pilot truck stop on your way north. I made that mistake for to long and then finally convinced my self to try it. It has a small parking lot and even  walking to the door you are still not sure ... but when you enter - Oh Yes.The decor is rustic with historical items placed around the large dining room and bar. The booths are great and the staff is very friendly. A great atmosphere with live music on most every night. ( keyboards or guitar) The traditional mexican food is super, the guacamole is out of sight and the sea food dishes are excellent. It is totally inexpensive and you will leave "Stuffed to the Max  - and happy that you are." It is well out of the way for most people, but if you have that need to visit the Cannery Casino, it is right on the way and should not be missed. Just don't let the location throw you off from the enjoyment of a supurb mexican dining experience.
4	Finally -- made it to VZ tonight.  Had the guac -- yep, they had tomatoes, so rolled the dice...feelin' fine!  The margs were great, took PA's advice about the sarandeado sauce, too -- but had it on the shrimp...if you've not had it before, it's such a treat, particularly with their homemade flour tortillas - yowza.  We also took the advice of Chris R --ordered two shrimp tacos -- but they were not in a league I'd consider worth reordering.  And we had an a la carte relleno -- which was damn good (I'm a serious green chili fan).   The menu is huge.  The bar is, too.  The dining room isn't that big, but we got there at 6:30 tonight (Friday) and sat right down.  Let's chat a second about where it is -- going north, you'll exit Craig Road -- and that's badly marked...(seriously, just remember, to take the exit after Cheyenne.)  Then you'll turn right at the end of the ramp, but you'll need to turn left at the first light -- then take an immediate right into the parking lot with the Pilot on your left...  trust me, finding the street number is impossible.The menu is very similiar to the other Michoacans -- which means you'll get bean dip and salsa with your chips when you sit - and the other thing I've found pretty consistent about the Michoacans is that service is really terrific.  They're eager to please, happy to replace anything if it's not to your liking -- and the prices are reasonable.  All in all, for a 110 degree day in Vegas, a trip to Craig Road for a frozen marg and some tasty dishes, that I honestly hadn't ventured to try at the others, made us happy.  There are certainly plenty of interesting dishes on the menu that caught my eye -- so I'd go back - and since we've got a Michoacan pretty much down the street (Viva), that's saying something.   Gracias, Poly.
5	If you are in Vegas, and you want really delicious mexican food, you owe it to yourself to eat here.The first time I had the Cochinita a la naranja, and the second time I had Pollo en Pipian. Both were fantastic, and the horchata (free refills!) was delicious.Seriously, eat here.
4	I love new experiences and was able to try some chipolte lengua (tongue). I was surprised at how mellow a texture the tongue was, but I definitely enjoyed it, though I would have liked to have tried a different sauce that it was cooked in. The waiter was very friendly, the hostess was cute, and the accompanying conversation from the table next to mine about some outlandish feat made for a good dining experience.
5	Great service and great food! Extremely family friendly, and most of the time, there's a live musician setting an authentic mood.I come here often with my daughter (16 mos), because they take very good care of you. They bring out a small plate of rice, veggies and meat for the little one(s) very early, sometimes before I've made up my mind about what I want to eat. The tortillas are made fresh, you can watch the lady make them, and so is the guacamole, which they'll put together right in front of you.Oh, and if you think decorations stop at the bathroom door, think twice. These bathrooms are NICE! I know that's an odd thing to notice, but it did make an impression on me. :)They're also honest about their mistakes. My friend and I wanted to try a new dessert they were offering. We had already paid for it, when the manager found out they didn't have anymore, so he gave us TWO desserts of our choice, even though we had only paid for one.
4	Viva Zap is the type of restaurant I love to frequent.  It's not part of a chain, most likely a mom and pop (and grandma and grandpa) establishment that doesn't serve fast food, but good food fast.Growing up, I didn't have the maturity to eat other cuisines. Having lived near the Mexican border years back, I had access to this incredible food made by people who took humble ingredients and made them taste great. Mexican isn't one of my favorite cuisines, but I appreciate it being available when I have that urge.I originally wanted to get menudo, but it's only available on the weekends. Instead, I picked what I remember from the menu as "goat soup" or something. Braised goat meat in I believe is a tomato-based liquid.  Was a tasty meal, but I left looking like a crime scene happened on my clothing. Good thing I tend to wear darker hued clothes. Was going to order the quacamole, but thought against it, too much food for me to eat.Will go again.
5	Great food and wonderful service! Nothing to complain about the Restaurant itself, the outside area unfortunately is not the most safest part of town. But if you venture out to North Las Vegas I recommend you stop by for some delicious authentic style Mexican food.
4	This place is great! My husband & I love the enchilladas and margargaritas - they even make their own chips!
4	My sister had been wanting to come here for awhile. We finally went! I had the fish tacos(I wasn't a vegetarian yet and am not sure how friendly this place might be on that). I thought they were wonderful. A little different from what I was used to, but different isn't always bad. I loved the bean dip, salsa, and chips that was brought to our table while we waited as well. The service was fast and the place smells amazing. The atmosphere was great. There was a musician playing beautiful music, and the decorations covering the walls were interesting too.
4	Went there for a dinner. Place was very reminicent of the kind of mexican restaurants my folks use to take me to growing up. Interior had very dim lighting, decor was appropriate, not over done. A nice break from the chain eateries. Ordered a combo and the tacos won! The best I have had since the Taco vans down in SoCal. Also, a must is the prepared to order guacamole. The waiter made it table-side, with input from us. It was delicious. Service was excellant, and noticed they had homemade sangria...For next time. A great place and kid friendly too. Also, the salsa and bean dip they put on the table with the warm chips was excellant too. Very nice a la carte menu, so easy to make it a $ instead of a $$.
3	We enjoyed this Mexican Restaurant.  The food and the service was good.  We ordered a Mexican Shrimp DIsh, Glazed Chicken and Carne Asada Tacos and all was very good.  Live music played while we ate dinner which was very nice.  We all left very full and satisfied.  The price was right and I would suggest trying this restaurant some time.
5	What a great ambiance!  Came here for dinner on Saturday night.  They had the mariachis playing sappy songs.  You have a lady sitting behind a glass window, making fresh tortillas, patting them down back and forth between her hands.  It was a very interesting atmosphere.I had ordered the mole (pronounced molli).  It was an interesting concoction of spices.  And to end the meal, I had their deep-fried ice cream.  I know...talk about calorie-city.  But love, love, love this place.
5	Simply the best authentic Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas, speaking as an LV native. Probably not for gringos looking for a Amer/Mex franchise but if you want great food and Margaritas, it's at the top. Try the chicken coreteado or a dozen other pollo specialty dishes. The Javiers margarita is very good as well. Definitely worth the drive!
5	Other yelpers will disagree, but I think this is the best Mexican restaurant in town. The food, decor, and service are all top notch.I love the little things about this restaurant. Guacamole is made table side, tortillas are crispy yet chewy, chicken breasts are butterflied, and the salsa is spicy without being overwhelming. Everything adds up to create an enjoyable dining experience.Of particular note is the mole. It is smooth, rich, complex, and somewhat spicy. The mole is so layered that it is impossible to discern all of the ingredients. However, they blend and play with each other to create something that is close to magic.For a nice low calorie treat that's sure to delight your Vegan friends, try the Quesa Fundido con Rajas. Ok, so it's not low calorie. But you really should try it at least once a year. The hot cheese wrapped in chewy tortillas is beyond words.One of my favorite parts about Zapatas is that it is a community restaurant. I always see people in uniform here, whether they are from the police department or Nellis. People meet here after work, come here on dates, and bring their families. We always bring our out of town guests here. I can't say enough good things about this restaurant.
3	Super disappointed w/civiche de camarones.  Seriously lacked flavor other than lime.  Nice server, loved the tableside guac & all the chips and salsa.  Entrees took forever.  Exc margarita!  I would eat there again, everyone else liked their food.
4	I don't really like Mexican food, but if that is what the day's food choice is, I'd pick Zapata's over any other Mexican restaurant in town!  The service here is always top notch, and since I work close by and have been here more times than I can count, it is a lot to say that the service has never let us down.The food is top quality for Mexican food, from the shredded beef tacos to the enchiladas.  Nothing is ever served too salty or greasy, just perfect.  The lunch dishes come with a free drink, which is a great deal too!  My favorite dish has to be 16 on the lunch menu.  I can't remember the name, but it is basically a couple of slices of juicy chicken breasts topped with a creamy sauce, with beans and rice on the side.  with this special, you get your choice of homemade corn or flour tortillas (I prefer the flour, but they are both good).  And if you look at the southwest corner of the restaurant, you can see your fresh tortillas being prepared right on the spot!  Zapatas is a favorite in our community, and in Las Vegas in general.  I know people that come from across town to eat here.  It really is a top notch, affordable restaurant!
5	wow!  Service ..............5 starsFood ...............   5 starsAtmosphere......5 starsI was completely overwhelmed by the friendly and excellent service we experienced here.  Everyone was so friendly and the service was so FAST!!!! I mean my hubbys glass was always full, food came out super fast and man was it GOOD!  I love Mexican Food and my hubby and I have been looking for a good sit down place to go.  Viva Zapatas delivered! We went on a Sunday and there was a nice gentleman playing guitar and singing traditional mexican songs. It was a great background and not too loud.  He was really really good! You can actually get fresh homemade tortillas here!!  Yummmm.  If you are in the area or in the mood... this place is a MUST TRY!!
5	OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE!! I end up eating here at least 3 or 4 times a month...if not for lunch then for dinner. This is authentic Mexican (made by real Mexicans - I'm just sayin). They have homemade tortillas which are delicious!! They always bring out fresh chips with salsa and bean dip and I suggest getting the guacamole as an appetizer. They make it tableside and you can choose how hot you want it (amount of jalapenos) as you can choose the amount of onions, tomatoes, and cilantro.For lunch they have your typical "Order by Number" chart. I generally order the numero siete (that would be 7). It's a cheese enchilada and beef taco, although I usually sub the taco for a bean tostada. For dinner I usually get the shrimp ceviche which is BOMB!! The shrimp is cooked with the citrus juice and there are tomatoes, jalapenos, and onions, served with a fried corn tortilla (essentially a shrimp tostada I suppose).  It is quite tasty - especially if you top it with that guacamole.They also serve traditional Mexican fare like menudo (beef stomach anyone?) and nopales (cactus).HIGHLY RECOMMEND. I promise you will go again.
5	Went here with a coworker for lunch. Venue and decor was very nice for a Mexican food place. Chips with salsa and refried beans for dipping as a free appetizer. He ordered a chicken enchilada. I ordered a burrito and enchilada combo platter. Food was amazing. Prices were above "average". Service was top notch. Our drinks were never empty. Plates were cleared promptly. Definitely going to this place again!
4	If you can't find a spot to park, then there is a good chance you are about to eat a good meal! Cute quaint little restaurant. Outstanding made to order table side, guacamole dip! Generous portions, and super speedy service. There's nothing I hate more than to wait around for a long time for food with two small kids. Courteous staff too! This is only my second time eating there, I am certain to go back. And to save money, I will make sure to go at lunch time. The lunch menu will save you a few bucks, and you get the same great food!
4	Surprise, surprise....weird! Ok so we passed this place everyday on the way home for 11 months and each time I say, ugh I just CAN'T eat next to a gas station or it looks ghetto. LOL OOOOO How wrong I was. So I gave in and we decided to eat there. O.M.G. Yum! I got the green pork plate, taco, enchilada and burrito. YUM! The staff was friendly, food was perfect, I love their bean and salsa sauces with the chips! Only bad thing is the Cadillac Margarita was THE best drink I've had in a while. Should be because the drink alone was $18!!! #$%$%^ yea....no prices on the menu always mean $%^$%^& on the bill....but other than that I'd go back for sure!
4	My Son and I were in the area volunteering at Three Square and decided to stop by here during our lunch break.  The parking lot was packed and we had to wait around 10 min for our table....this was at 12:10 pm, the worst time to be heading to lunch.  The wait was worth it though.Once we were seated we browsed the menu and decided to order the Queso Fundido w/Chorizo appetizer ($6.95), Beef & Bean Chimichanga lunch special ($8.25), and Pollo Amador lunch special ($10.25).  I also asked the waiter if the cook could put together a really spicy Habanero Salsa for us....he said sure.  We were served complimentary Chips, Salsa, and Beans while we waited for our food....+1.  The Salsa reminded me of the Salsa at Lindo/Bonito Michoacan.  I read the menu that had the story of Zapata, but couldn't find any connection between the restaurants.....the Salsa was that close to one another.  Anyway, it was really good.....had a nice kick to it.  The Chips weren't as fresh as I like them to be....but they were good.After a short wait our Queso Fundido came out....again, it reminded me of the one at Lindo/Bonito Michoacan.  It was very delicious.  On top of the dish is an extremely hot Pepper....I think it's a grilled Jalapeno or Poblano (see pics)....whatever it is, I like it.I ordered the Beef & Bean Chimichanga and it came out a few minutes later....along with the Habanero Salsa.  The Beef was shredded and very delicious, not greasy.  Sometimes when you order a Beef Chimichanga it can be very greasy....not here.  It was a nice size too.....must be their lunch portion.  The Habanero Salsa was really spicy....just how I like it!  It added to the flavor.  My dish also came with Guacamole & Sour Cream and a side of Refried Beans & Rice.....all very good.My Son enjoyed his Pollo Amador.  He gave me a bite to try it out.  It is Chicken marinated in Amador Sauce (whatever that is).  The Sauce had a slightly sweet tomatoey flavor to it.....it was very good.Overall, it was a nice lunch.Will we return?  If we're in the area and in the mood for some Mexican Food....you can count on it.
5	The best Mexican Iv'e had to date. YES, even better than Super Mex. Fundido w/ green chile KILLER! Awesome service. Homemade tortillas. Table side guacamole. Real classy place!
4	Viva Zapatas is located on East Craig in a more questionable area of Las Vegas. I had heard good things about this restaurant from friends and today we thought we should give it a try. The inside of the restaurant was a little too dark we thought but the overall atmosphere was very good and authentic. They had someone playing traditional Mexican music. At the beginning they brought us chips with salsa and beans. WOW that was tasty. Then as we were done with those, they brought us more, plus we both got a tasty tomato noodle soup, which we loved. The menu was well organized and we ordered 2 of their combination plates for $10 and $13. The food was good in quantity and quality. Also we tried the rum fried ice cream desert (I cannot remember the name). It was good, even though I was a little overwhelmed by the rum taste.
4	So if you have 50 dollars to kill on yourself take it to this place, they have some awesome mexican food! like real mexican food, hey im not a novice to mexican food, but this was just fantastic.. actually it tasted better than the food i had down in cabo...So If you like mexican food and you want a good well portioned mean go here! its pretty awesome!Oh and the tortillas are had made right in front of you!! just like in OLD TOWN SD.. perty Legit.
4	This was some of the best Mexican food in Vegas!!!The salsa's were awesome, all 3 of them!!!I went there on a Saturday, busy but was seated fast!!! luckily~The lowrider car club "LAS VEGAS" cc decided to end there cruise there as well so the whole parking lot filled up with old bombs!!!! and cool cars.The margarita was a fish bowl~ and the plate I had shredded beef tacosWas excellent... over all service was excellent,food and decor was a 4 star night****!!!!
5	I love this place there pollo sarandeado I think I got that right is the best tasteing plate ever. Usually I get full with there chips bean dip and salsa and only eat half my plate, but this place is very good. ohh and I always take there flan to go I have never tasted a better flan than theres.
5	Delicious food and great ambience!We were on a road trip heading south looking for lunch close to the 15 freeway.  Thanks, Yelp, for bringing us here!  We were pleased right off the bat with the warm tortilla chips, hot bean dip, and salsa as soon as we sat down.  We're suckers for tableside guacamole, which was great as well.  The portions were huge - we only needed two entrees to feed me, my wife, and our two kids.  We got the fish tacos and the combination with a chili relleno and green chile pork burrito.  My only criticism of the food is that the peppers they used for the relleno were VERY mild and I like them to have a bit more punch.The kids enjoyed the live mariachi and had fun watching them make the tortillas fresh behind a window in the corner of the restaurant.  All in all a pleasant meal and we were back on the freeway quickly.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would. This place has the best wait staff and the food is awesome. Having moved from Texas we were looking for some authentic Mexican food, and we definitely found it here. The atmosphere is nice as well; it's very laid back plus they have a live singer. What more could you ask for? All around it was an great experience that I will be doing again and again. This place made me miss home.
4	I asked my local friends to pick a place that locals like.  This is where they chose to take us.  We are used to the Nashville Mexican Food, and this place certainly was so much better than I am used to.The ambiance was fabulous, with authentic live Mexican music.Service was prompt and friendly, with generous portions of Nachos.  As an exciting addition to what I'm used to, they include Beans as well as Salsa!For my entree I had the Tierra Libertad, which was delicious.  They also give you Tortilla, but they are quite large, and I was not really sure HOW you were supposed to eat the meal with the Tortilla.I would absolutely return!
5	After a little over an hour stuffing snacks into plastic bags under Three Square's Backpacks program, my coworkers and I headed down the street to Viva Zapatas. Even though we showed up about 45 minutes early for our reservation, they already had our table ready and were happy to seat us!The awesome staff never let our drinks get less than half full, which meant a lot of running around for them that did not go unappreciated. They brought out all ten of our orders at once, hot but not so hot that we couldn't dig in immediately. The salsa is fabulous here--it's hotter than most restaurants I've been to, and peppery to boot! LOTS of choices on the menu, plus a whole bunch of lunch specials.The only downside I can think of is their squishy, uneven parking lot, but my boss managed to navigate it in his pick-up, so I guess it's not an issue.Service is great, food is great, bathrooms are clean (check out the sinks!) Absolutely will be back next time I volunteer at Three Square. :)
3	Ok so the quality of food seems to decrease with every time we go there. I don't know but the last 2 times I went to Viva Zapatas, I left the restaurant a little disappointed. Today we tried the Nachos and they were not that good for close to $10. I have had better ones at Robertos. Also, last time we were there and asked for military discount, the guy told us they give discount only if we are in uniform. After we asked him to go ask the manager he came back with a split check and wanted to give only my husband the 10%!!! WHAT? Then I said, well I have an ID too and then he had to go and fix the bill again.
5	The Best Mexican Restaurant in Vegas. I am visiting North Las Vegas which is bit of a dump and has no good restaurants, then, I found VZ's a Gem of a place tonight. Great food, excellent service and some live but soft music. Couldn't believe the portions you get and the attention from the Waiters. Full meal at under $20.00.  I don't expect to be around this area much but I would go out my way to come here from downtown when I am.Hard to find due to construction: across from Jack in the Box and next to Pilot. 10/10 for me
4	I really enjoyed this place. I had the combo number 3. It came with a burrito, taco, enchilada, rice, beans, and a soup before the meal for $13.50. It was an awesome portion and I took about half of it home. Definitely a good deal. The ambiance of this was also nice. Lights were dim, candle on the table, earthy colors, lots of decorations, live solo guitar player playing music. Huge menu, lots of choices. Overall authentic Mexican restaurant that provided a good deal and pleasant dining experience.
4	I'm in town staying at Nellis for a few days. I drove by this place a bunch of times, then saw its positive Yelp reviews. The house soup is a suprisingly tasty: tomato-based, lightly spicy with thin noodles. Mariachi guitar as background music with a friendly bartender Sylvia. Saw and just had to try 'Grandma Magdalena's chicken.' excellent traditional Mexican meal. I'll be back......even went back again before I could post this!
5	Typically, WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS, STAYS IN VEGAS, right???  But I need to tell EVERYONE that WHENEVER IN VEGAS, you gotta make the drive out to visit Viva Zapatas!!!  THIS PLACE IS WONDERFUL!!  From the decor, to the food, to the music, its all amazing!!!  The owner greets you personally and can I just say that he is great!  Thanks for tequila shot on my bday!!!  woot woot!!  VIVA VIVA ZAPATAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Service and atmosphere are a definite 5, but the food kinda sucked.I have to believe that we ate there on a bad night with a new cook who I hope was promptly thrown out of the building by a torch wielding mob. The salsa was spicy, but had no other flavor. The chips were standard. We wanted to have some queso dip with jalapenos, but they don't serve that, but whatever, not a big deal. We got some sort of combo dinner which started with soup. The soup tasted like a can of condensed tomato soup with some noodles thrown in. my entree was incredibly bland. I had some sort of burrito and enchilada, neither of which had any flavor at all. My boyfriend's food was bland as well. The only thing that was any good, was the refried beans... and even that wasn't all that great, because, well.. They're refried beans. :PWill not be returning unless they get a new cook.Service however, was perfect.
5	Two words... Ensalada Marinera.  Two hollowed Avocado shells filled with Avocado, fresh salsa, Shrimp, Lettuce, Cheese, served a side of crackers lime and hot sauce.  I find this to be filling but not as overwhelming as a Coctel De Camarones.  (Shrimp Cocktail).  Also, they serve you chips and hot sauce AND refried beans... mmmm that's a first.  This is my first visit to this North Las Vegas Gem.  I was highly impressed with the food quality and service.  Please keep in mind that this review comes from a Mexican Native (from the state of Jalisco) so I you can rest assured I know a thing or two about Mexican cuisine. =P
1	Let me preface this with I am from San Antonio, TX and have been DESPERATE to find decent Mexican food in Las Vegas. I saw the great reviews of this place on Yelp and also the parking lot seemed to be pretty busy (a good sign) so we stopped in. We were given chips and salsa to start off with along with a bowl of beans (very very bland). I am a big fan of homemade chips since it's easy and makes all the difference...these were from a bag. There were 5 of us so we had a pretty good run of the menu to see if this place was legit. We are also from all different parts of the country so this place was given a fair shot. We ALL thought our food was pretty bad and the service was horrible as well. I had a chicken chimichanga which I didn't eat because it came as beef. When I asked to skip the salsa on top and have them put cheese she said they had to charge me an extra $1...seriously?! Beans and rice had ZERO flavor and even my 4 year old said he didn't like his food. Also I asked for tortillas that NEVER came...we asked three people for the check before finally being able to pay for horrible food...I will not go back which is a shame because I wanted this place to live up to their hype.
5	Best Mexican food I've had in Las Vegas.  Really good service during a busy lunch hour. Chips and tortillas are made fresh, good salsa and guacamole too!
5	we have been coming here for years.  we bring our children and they love the live music.  the service is always good.  i will warn you, it is easy to fill up on chips, salsa, and beans before the food comes.
4	Not bad for East Coast Mexican.  Mole is worth it. Don't let the outside appearance fool you.
4	This place has the best, margarita's like fish bowl size!! and have every tequila you can imagine. they start you with fresh chips from cooker and serve you up, a assortment of salsa 3 to be exact!!! Shrimp cocktail is with monster prawns !!! I had a enchilada & shredded taco dinner !!! It was very tasty!!! and filling! I recommend this place even if it's just for shot's of tequila & beer, at the bar !! nice decor & good service!
5	Somewhat perplexed by the recent negative reviews I have read.. I have been dining there for over ten years and have been pleased with the service and the food quality.
5	As long as you are looking for traditional Mexican food rather than Tex-Mex this place is wonderful. The service is top notch, the food is great, and the live music gives it a flare of excitement and authenticity.A friend of mine introduced me to this restaurant a while back and ever since then I have been huge fan. They serve things you do not get at chain restaurants like their own specialty noodle soup, which is especially good during the winter season, refried beans as a chip dip, and a array of dishes that are mouth watering. The inside is very small and it is more of a locals restaurant than a tourist place which means that it is cheaper cost wise and you get better service. Granted you might get put in a odd spot to eat but I have found that every sitting area offers something different to look at. I love to bring my out of town guest and friends here to eat because it offers such a large variety of food items to chose from and because they always leave satisfied.
5	Having lived in Southern CA and dining with my son's Mexican family for the past 7 years, I would rate Viva Zapatas as one of the best authentic Southwest Mexican restaurants in town.  I don't know what Texican food is like, but from Santa Fe west, this ranks top in my book.And...they serve real micheladas!  If you haven't had one, try it!I drive across town just for this food.
2	Slow service. I thought the food was kind of tasteless. I had to smother it in salsa to taste anything good.
3	Been here twice and really enjoyed it both times, this time our server wasn't as attentive as we would have liked but it still wasn't bad.  All the food was great with the exception of the Monetary Jack queso 'dip'...there is NO dipping about this at all it was a pile of grease with some melted cheese in the middle.  I have had queso at many mexican restaurants and I love it this is something I would never eat again:(
4	Good service. I had the #1 and the chili relleno was awesome and they use shredded beef in the taco versus ground. Tableside guacamole was good. The price is.in the middle but worth it.
2	well i used to enjoy the food but every time my wife and i visit this restaurant it gets worse and worse and i dont want to risk how bad the next visit will be....well the main problem i had was a mexican restaurant put canned jalapenos on the nachos and had ballpark cheese......gross
5	In Love again!I asked around for a good romantic place to take a date. The name Viva Zapata's kept coming up by friends recommending it. The name didn't sound very romantic, it sounded more revolutionary, but maybe that's what I needed some kind of revolution in my life since nothing else was working out, So I decided to give it a try.  We agreed to meet there at eight, but I got there at seven, I didn't want to be late  and I wanted to get a feel of the place and make sure it met my expectations. As i walked in i knew i would like the place, nice decor dim lighting and live music. I proceeded to the bar and ordered a margarita and listened to the guitar man play someone Else's life with his fingers.  it was a really good margarita it actually had tequila in it. The bartender brought some complimentary chips and salsa and some bean dip. I didn't want to start eating since my date hadn't arrived yet, but one chip loaded with bean dip wouldn't hurt. After two bowls of chips and bean dip and three margaritas I decided to order an appetizer, Something light, so I ordered the seviche and let me tell you, it was the best seviche I have tried this far from the ocean, it couldn't be any fresher or tastier. It was soo good I decided to stick with the mariscos (seafood) and ordered the camarones borrachos, (like me)  Shrimp sauteed with garlic, spices and tequila, the perfect combination. You just can't go wrong with that, It was out of this world goodness! All in all I had a wonderful time.  When you get caught between great food, a nice romantic ambiance and a guitar, you can't help  It but to fall in love. ....My date? Didn't make it.....But I fell in love nonetheless..... with the food at Viva Zapata's.                                                 PS.  Don't text and drive. You don't want to miss dinner!
4	Great food...great service!  If you don't know how to eat Mexican food with a flour tortilla you don't belong in this restaurant.  The complimentary chips, salsa, retried beans, are awesome.  I recommend the homemade guacamole.  It is made fresh right at your table.  I Ordered the mochacca breakfast and enjoyed it.  Next time I'm back in Vegas I will definitely try the dinner menu.
4	Went there on recommendation from yelp, was not disappointed. We went early evening so the place was not full yet, but had quite a few tables taken. We were seated quickly and the waiter appeared almost immediately. Drinks came out quickly and the waiter waited until we had decided on dinner before approaching us for our order, a refreshing change from the usual hovering around and rushed feeling. The meal was outstanding, just enough spice heat to enhance the flavor not overpower it. Some might want  more heat, but for me this was just right. The table was cleared AFTER we finished each course by very attentive wait assistants, nice touch to wait, not hover. Overall service was great and food was outstanding,  Only have one downside, the lighting is dim and makes reading the menu challenging. The print on some parts of the menu is the same color as the lighting, so there is no contrast. Those of us who have a little trouble seeing in dim light might want to bring a small light. I would still  highly recommend VIVA ZAPATAS.
5	I have been eating here for many years the food is the best and i have always been overly satisfied when i eat here.
4	I absolutely love Mexican food! There are reasons they won't get a 5 star that I won't go into. I had a carne asada burrito it came with rice and beans. The food was great, the service excellent, and the price was a bit much at 15 for lunch.I thought there would be more food for the price. We didn't have any problems and they were able to keep up with us with the drinks. We drank like camels, 3-4 glasses each  even when it got busy. I look forward to the next visit!
4	I really do enjoy this place. As a business traveler if you find yourself returning to the same spot rather than seeking out new locations, you know that there has to be something special about it. Lets start with the salsas. Obviously homemade you get a red salsa with a bit of a kick and a refried bean salsa. I'm not the biggest refried bean gal, but I do really like this salsa. Last time I was here I finished that bowl...I had 2 enchiladas with mole sauce and carne which the meat was perfectly seasoned and the cheese was stretching out of the enchiladas like a perfectly melted cheese should. Mole sauce had great flavor and punch and elevated the enchiladas to a new level.Service was great, the lone guitarist was playing all night long and everyone was super friendly. Great atmosphere and highly recommended.
4	I've got to say that this is a top Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas.I drive by there once in awhile and it is always packed, so I stopped by for some lunch one day.The place is nice inside.  It has a large bar and different dining separated areas so it  has some private and quaint booths and tables.  The service was excellent.  The waiters were fast but not in a hurry.  The food.  It was eleven in the morning so I felt like breakfast.  I had some eggs with shredded beef and my friend had the flautas.  It was all good.  I don't think it is authentic Mexican food, but it is quality Mexican food as the masses know it.  I do want to go back at dinner time and try some more items on their menu to get a better idea for how good the food is.
5	Yes,  Viva! Zapata's is right.  I have been to this place 4 times so far.  I live in California otherwise I would be there every week.  The food is incredible.  Authentic mexican food, with tons of flavor!  The service is superb.  Chips and salsa are on point.  They also bring you bean dip and fideo as a starter. Order the guacamole, they make it table side from scratch.  Real avocados, jalapenos, lime, garlic, cilantro, etc.  It is soo tasty.  I have been for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Everything I have eaten from seafood to machaca has been great.  I will go there everytime I visit Las Vegas. You should try this place as a good alternative away from the strip and alot more economical.P.S.  Homemade tortillas!!  That's reason enough to visit this place!
5	The service is always great not to mention the quality of food never changes ... Totally worth every penny
5	I ABSOLUTELY LUVV IT!!!! best mexican food around... we go there at least twice a month and will continue too.  u must try the Camarones Tierra Libertad, yuummm  so delicious... staff is great always so professional....
5	The hubs and I were there for dinner last night and it was amazing! The service was impeccable, the were very attentive to us, even thought there were some large parties seated near us. The servers were not wandering aimlessly throughout the restaurant, they were on a mission to please the customers and make sure that they felt as though they were the only guest in the house! Jose, our waiter was excellent, his other server-bus was literally running throughout the tables cleaning up, serving chips, and checking on tables...Our food came out in a timely manner and was excellent! The homemade flour tortillas are outstanding and the manager inquired as to how our meal was @the end of dinner and was genuine about it! It is close to nellis afb which was perfect! We may have to go back for cinco de mayo!
5	First of all, I live in Henderson and come to this place when I am craving authentic Mexican food. In other words, I travel about 30 minutes and pass a lot of restaurants along the way. I have tried a few dishes that have been really good, but I think I have a favorite- the pork marinated in Coca-Cola. The pork is tender (not fatty), and is covered in a sauce that will make you slap your momma. Oh, did I mention there is a lady in the back making homemade tortillas? Please remember to tip this nice lady -- she is working hard back there. The staff is friendly and attentive , and there is a good chance you will catch live music while enjoying the best Mexican food in Las Vegas.
3	A-OK.Even though I may occasionally forget my own definition of the terms, I believe there is a difference between food and cuisine.  Respectively, this is the difference from just getting some yummy eats and a dining, gastronomical experience.  Typically, I also have a problem with this, because I find cuisine only marginally more enjoyable, and sometimes, I disagree that it justifies the price-hike.  I'm a foody -- not a cuisine-y.  Yet, if we can turn a $6 burger into a $60 burger by changing the meat, I guess it would be hypocritical to say a difference in use of cheese, tomato, and corn can make cuisine.  Anyway, I came here thinking I was just going to get some Mexican food, but instead I found myself getting some Mexican cuisine.I'm not saying I was disappointed, but I wasn't pleasantly surprised either.  Usually when dealing with cuisine, it means you have to also wait a little longer to get in and get out.  Here was no different.  I just wouldn't figure the place next to a gas station as classy, but the place really is quite so.  The staff is very professional; the bar is VERY well stocked with tequila; and the decor is above-par.  Though you do have to pay for all this in the end.  Unfortunately, I broke my own rule for trying a Mexican establishment new to me: I usually get carnitas so I have an equal point of comparison.Instead I got the taco salad off their lunch menu because of a recommendation, and because I wasn't looking to spend as much as I could have here.  While I we waited, we got the obligatory chips and salsa.  As a special note, they also provide frijoles without having to ask for it.  I decided to go one further, and asked to have some salsa verde as well.  The salsa verde here comes out piping hot, but either way, all three were pretty good dips.The taco salad comes in either beef or chicken, and I opted for the latter.  A risky decision as most of my experiences with shredded white meat chicken have been unappetizingly dry, but the waiter assured me.  He was no liar.  Possibly the best execution of Mexican shredded chicken I've tasted to date.  The size of the whole thing wasn't too bad, but for the price, I probably should try something else next time.  So for not quite being my thing, I still enjoyed myself enough.
3	The food was just ok but I'm originally from Southern California so I'm used to really good Mexican food. However, the mango margaritas were amazing. I would go back many times for margaritas and the sopapillas (dessert).
5	Got so excited when my husband said we could come again after church today! We ordered chile rellenos, gauc dip, chicken taco, enchilada, beef taco, tostada with guac, and some other stuff, but the main point is EVERYTHING IS GOOD! This was my second trip and we loved it;)
5	This place is amazing! We happened to find it when we were staying just a few blocks away for Electric Daisy Carnival & immediately fell in love! The food is delicious, large portions, authentic Mexican food, & friendly/attentive staff!  The chili rellenos are incredible, the cilantro steak was the best cilantro dish I've ever had & the drinks are cheap. The prices here are very reasonable (we had drinks, an appetizer, and two entrees for $50). We were in Vegas for 4 days & visited Viva Zapatas twice, we will be back next summer & intend to visit this place again.  Also, the decor is very tasteful and interesting to look at & avoids the cheesiness that many restaurants get into. The thing we liked the most about this place is that it's a bit out of the way but they really focus on a comfortable, friendly atmosphere, which you don't really find on the strip.
4	We love this place! :) The food is awesome. I had the ceviche and practically licked the plate. It is the perfect summer time food. Will definitely be back!
3	It's okay here. The waitstaff was great, the menu is really big... but I'm on a quest for Texmex and yet again, haven't found it.If you need some mexican food near the base, here's your place. I wouldn't make a trip from anywhere in the valley to come here though.
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas! They have authentic cuisines. Just ask for their specialty for beef, chicken or pork. They will recommended what the popular menus are. Be aware that portions are big enough to share.
4	There are a couple of things that make you realize you are at a LEGIT mexican place.Menu has lots of things that you have no idea what it meansThere is a random guy that plays a guitar in the cornerAnd the most important : there is a chubby nice mexican lady making tortillas ..fresh ones This restaurant was amazing. Service was impecable. Drinks , salsa and chips NEVER went below half before getting refilled.Impressive!I am not giving 5 stars because of its location. Why so far?? and why behind a truck stop?? What would i recommend? The coca cola steak, carne asada and the refried beans. Epic win plates!We were a group of 12 and the food came outstanding, service was impressive, ambiance was legit and overall experience was great. Check it out !!
5	I love this place.Awesome atmosphere, there was a guy playing guitar in the entrance.The steaks are always good, good quality and they are served with a bunch of sides that are just delicious.Big portions, you are def not gonna get out of there hungry.Fair prices. Last time i went there i ordered the steak burracho, includes 2-3 sides and included in the price you get tortillas. All this for $18.Service is phenomenal the waiters are always nice and the cips with salsa and bean sauce are just amazing :) If you end up in North Las Vegas do yourself a favor and stop there!
3	I have to be real and blunt I absolutely love this place but there are some big con's that forced me to dock some stars.Atmosphere:5/5 It doesn't get more authentic than this. When you walk into this restaurant you feel like your in Mexico. It looks like an old Mexican tavern. Dim lighting with a guy in the corner with a guitar jamming away. Honestly the vibes of this place was awesome! The bar was more than fully stocked. With your "American vodka's" and a WIDE WIDE selection of Tequila's. Service: 3/5 The service felt very homey, like I had a Mexican mother cooking me home made Mexican food. The food was very wholesome in HUGE portions. I literally had no Idea where to begin. So I started in the middle and ate my way out. LOL Service at the bar could've been a bit better. I went during peak dinner hours so I guess that's why they neglected us. I noticed my group didn't get any bar tables stands for our plates like other groups so we ate directly on the bar.  Also our complimentary salsa, chips, and pinto bean dip ran low. I wasn't sure If I could as for more because it was complimentary "well so I thought it was" Food: 4/5 First the salsa, chips, and pinto bean dip. OMG was super delicious. The salsa was average but the bean dip was very tasty. but don't fill up on the chips. Next comes the pre dinner soup, not sure what it was but it was very bland. It looked spicy but it wasn't. Now the meal, it was very heavy, when I say heavy. I mean fatty, cheesy, and oily. I literally had to push around the cheese to get to anything. It was EVERYWHERE kind of an over load. The cheese enchilada lacked flavor, and on my 3 combo plate (1 tostada, 1 beef taco, 1 enchilada). The beef on the taco was shredded like pulled pork. It seemed more like a carnita. The tostada was very fresh because it was topped off with a big glob of guacamole. YUMMMM Drinks: 4/5 The drinks were just right. Not too strong, not too weak. A perfect blend. I ordered a margarita because I felt.. I needed to indulge fully into Mexican culture. It was a perfect combo to my meal. Pricing: 3/5 My order was $13.95 a bit pricy for the Area of town it's in. But It was understandable because the food was good. The atmosphere complimented the food well. Plus it came with complimentary salsa and chips, with also this intro dinner soup.Suggestions/Advice: - Don't go during peak dinner hours if you want impeccable service.- Don't fill up on a lot of chips,salsa, and pinto bean dip.- Portions are huge - TRY THE PINTO BEAN DIP it was heaven!!!- Parking might be difficult its a very small limited area.
4	We wanted to send off a co-worker friend on her last day with a little lunchtime mexican fiesta...Viva Zapatas baby. This is not a huge place so getting ten people at a table is a real challenge on a friday at  noon. Luckily we waited no longer that 10 minutes(approx 63% of one margarita) and were seated and served good chips and salsa immediately, The service is always friendly here but sometimes is I a bit slow- not today. usually get the roast pork torta and it was great as usual plus is served with very good steak fries. Mexican food w/ fries? Yeah, Im home. The margaritas were refreshing and delicious and the food seem to be enjoyed by all. Start to finish w/ 6 seperates checks(!) we were out in about 50 mins...plenty of time to drive back to work and nap the rest of the day away.
3	I am gonna be as honest as i can reviewing this restaurant. It appears that I am the only one in the party of 15 we had that didn't really like this place. We came here on the recommendation of my father in law, who figured we'd all need menudo to cure our hangovers this past Saturday morning. Maybe it was because I wanted a good ol' fashioned American breakfast or maybe because I have certain restaurants back home, but this place just didn't do it for me. With that being said, this is what I found:LOCATION & DECORIt was beautiful both inside and out. Bar area took up most of the restaurant. Major selection of tequilas. Seating for big parties wasn't the best and we must have taken up about 1/4 of the restaurant. Location is good for those visiting or stationed at Nellis Air Force Base, but bad for people staying on or near the strip, as it is a good 15 minutes from the Dowtown Las Vegas, 20 from the strip.SERVICE:Seating- We were seated right away, rare for such a big party, but we were there around breakfast time, so beat the rush.Wating- Our server took the drink order right away, brought them out right away and the beers were ice cold, as well as the mugs we asked for, and the margarita drinkers in the party said that they were poured generously. This is where my low stars come into play. IT TOOK TWO HOURS FROM ARRIVAL TO DEPARTURE! We must have waited a good 45 minutes before all the dishes began to come out. We were brought out salsa, which was OUTSTANDING, refried beans w/ cheese, also pretty good exept for the big glop of cheese in the middle, and those kept coming out, but by the time the food had arrived, I was full!FOOD:I didn't like my machaca. I had the pork after being given the option of pork or beef. I should have went with my gut and gotten the beef. It was okay, but not a dish that said, "WOW". Although, I have to give credit to the waiter because when I asked him what was better between the machaca and the chilaquiles, he said go with the machaca, and even though it didn't wow me, he was able to recommend something to me, which alot of waiters can't or won't do. Now If I would have only asked him if the pork or beef were better, I might have enjoyed my meal more.Some in my party ordered campechanas (seafood cocktails) and they were pretty much licking the sides afterwards, so they all seemed to enjoy it. My wife had a grilled chicken breast in a garlic sauce, and it was pretty tasty. A good friend ordered the Pipian, and she said it was some of the best she's ever tasted that isn't her mama's.Overall, I think this place would be good for drinks and watching a game, as they had the Charger game on that day. It might even be good for a smaller group then ours, say 2-4 people, maybe no more than 6. Two hours is a long time to be in a restaurant, especially when most of that time is spent waiting on food to come out, and maybe it could have been because our group is so large, but I've had faster service in other restaurants with a group just as big. I might give it another shot one day, but not anytime soon!
4	Expansive menu, food with a depth of flavors, and live mariachi music. This is my go to restaurant for Mexican food and features a surprisingly delicious steak menu. You can watch the tortillas being handmade. It's out of the way for most Las Vegans, but worth it.
5	I like everything about it, I'd say best Mexican restaurant in Vegas!
5	Yum! We went here for my boyfriends birthday! and the food was amazing. They even sang him happy birthday with live guitar and it really felt like a FIESTA!
4	This is a great place for lunch. The lunch specials are well priced and the salads are great. We came in with a party of 6 at 12:15pm and had to wait about 5 minutes for a table. The service was very quick and professional. My iced tea was constantly refilled when the server noticed that my glass was half full.
5	Great place for the entire family. The menu, though only Mexican food, was broad enough to deliver satisfaction even to the picky eaters. I had a Carne Asada dish and  it was spectacular. The meat was tender and very well seasoned. the environment inside the restaurant was quite enjoyable. The decoration is very traditional and cultural. The service was impeccable as well. The food was delivered relatively promptly considering it is made to order. The dishes didn't seem rushed. Each dish was carefully and cleanly served. I highly recommend this place for anyone who wants an authentic Mexican taste.
5	Tip the guitar man he is awesome, along with everything else about this establishment.  Huge tequila selection, cute and friendly barkeeps and super cool staff.  AWSOME draft beer selection and reasonably priced menu.  I say stop in and try to prove me wrong.
4	Love the queso and guac. Was having a hard time finding a good mexican place in Vegas and this one is great!
3	A good portion of my last trip to Vegas was spent looking for a taqueria. Where was all of the Mexican food?! This time around I remembered to use Yelp and found this place.Why three stars? I found the food to be disappointing and lacking. While the rice and beans exceeded my expectations it was the main entrees that didn't cut it for us. Parking can be tough if you are coming in the evening during the weekend. Drinks are great and guac is made right in front of you from fresh ingredients like the tradiational Mexican restaurants typically do.Decor is adorable and service was fine.My quest for awesome Mexican food in Vegas continues!
4	Woo Hoo! I finally found a mexican resturant that is good in this town after 8 years of searching. Too bad it is on the opposite side of town. I loved the atmosphere and music. The chips, salsa and bean dip was sooo good I could not stop myself.The chili verde was so tender and full of flavor and the margaritas were fresh and not made with crappy sweet & sour. I will be back hopefully soon!
4	Good Food.  Big Portions.  Service was awesome.
5	Fantastic atmosphere, great service and the food was delicious. I've finally found a good Mexican restaurant in Vegas!  3 years later...
4	Pretty darn good! I had the carne asada burrito a la carte smothered in red sauce and I really enjoyed it. It wasn't the best I've ever had but definitely one of the better alternatives here in Las Vegas. Rarely do I make it this far north but I would definitely go again if in the neighborhood.
4	One of my favorite Mexican food places!The service varies, but the food is always delicious.  Very flavorful and prepared well.  My current favorite: the shrimp tacos.  The tortillas are made on site; I could just eat them plain, they are that good.  They offer a military discount for cardholders and there is a children's menu.
5	WOW!!! This place is a amazing. My husband and I have been here several times and it has never disappointed!! As soon as you sit down they bring you yummy chips, salsa and a spicy brean dip! Make sure you order the fresh avocado dip...they literally cut the avocados and make the dip right at your table!! This place is SO clean and the service is so on point it will blow your mind. Make sure you tip The guitar man!!!!
4	We like Zapatas very much. I've eaten there about 50 times. It is good Mexican food for a reasonable price. All of the food is good and Dinners come with soup. Lunch menu is available until 5pm and save you a couple bucks but without soup. Happy hour goes til 6pm, and they have a few drink specials. Dinner is nice because they have live music. Good atmosphere. Actually would like to give it a 4.5 stars and think that it is one of the best mexican restaurants in Las Vegas and one of the best restaurants overall in the North East part of the City!
5	Hands down, best service I have ever gotten! Wow, very attentive and great food. Love the chips and salsa.
4	4 1/2 stars. I arrived during the late lunch hour which was a mistake. I parked in the back and was getting looks from the tennant so decided to move. I lucked out BC it was close to 1:00 and someone was leaving. Once seated I received their signature warm bean dip, salsa and tortilla chips - so addicting. For my entree I selected the lengua with red sauce rice and beans. The portion was generous and the taste was delish. The home made corn tortillas hit the spot as I made my own lengua tacos.  The service here was spot on - friendly and refills without request. I can understand why Zapatas Mexican restaurant was voted best of Las Vegas and will certainly return.
5	Terrific service and great authentic food! Fresh guacamole made at your table.  Despite being super busy the waiter noticed I got a red smothered tamale and offered to replace it! Shows attention to customer and detail. WhenI come to Vegas I will always come here to eat! Yum!!!!
4	Lucky for me the two women that I had a meeting with on the north side of town have eaten here..On the industrial side of Craig & I-15, chances of finding this on my own are slim.  I'm also very picky when it comes to Mexican food, not disappointed, this was a great find. Then again, that was obvious when we had to wait a few minutes for a table. The place was packed and the aroma filling the air was mouth watering. After being seated we were served chips with a bowl of salsa and a bowl of beans. The salsa was very flavorful and this is the first time I have ever had bean dip that was seasoned (very tasty) For lunch my client and I both ordered the Ensalad Marinara - large salad for less than $10, a great price for shrimp, avocado and pico de gallo. My business partner ordered the ceviche which she also said was very flavorful. Food was good, service was great and everyone was very friendly. Will definitely be back when on the north side of town!
4	Great food & service. Have driven by there for years and finally decided we needed to give it a try, glad we did.Guacamole as a starter. Had the Chile Verde "Mauser", superb! Pork cooked to perfection, verde sauce tantalized my taste buds, some of the tastiest I have had anywhere.Grandson's loved their meals and the fried ice cream.
5	Fantastic! We tried this place based on yelp and tripadvisor reviews and all the great reviews were right!The service is outstanding and the food is awesome. We will be back:-)
5	Wow! Good food and very fast. I went in Tuesday at 1pm. Still a big lunch crowd but my chicken enchiladas were to my table within 5 minutes. I also took a carne asada burrito to go. Great chips, salsa and bean dip!
5	Best best Mexican food I've every had.
3	Sorry guys- I can't be one to give this place 4 or 5 stars. The restaurant decor is very cute and the service was great. The food was too heavy for me. I got a carne asada burrito and my boyfriend had the seafood cocktail campechana along with some tacos. He said the campechana was good. I thought my burrito had too much stuff in it and that was without the pico de gallo and beans. I am sticking to mi familia for quick and easy Mexican food.
1	We walked into Zapatas at 2 in the afternoon on a Saturday. We had a party of 5. The restaurant was virtually empty. We ordered one margarita each, and snacked on the chips and salsa; excellent. Soon we began to wonder if the order for margaritas had gone through to the bar. We inquired, and were told " they will be here shortly". After waiting 20 minutes, our margaritas finally arrived. They tasted great, but were not worth the $14 charge. We asked, and there were only 2 shots of liquor in them. We then waited an additional 30 minutes from the time we ordered our food. The food was presented well, but upon the first bite, we noticed something was off. The shredded chicken in my husband's taco salad tasted and smelled like tuna! We were convinced it was tuna, and the waitress said that it indeed wasn't. My husband didn't finish his meal or get anything else because it literally smelled so disgusting. Then, I noticed that my salad was missing 80% of the ingredients that it included on the menu, and that my grilled chicken was dry and chewy. Our service was great, that was the one upside.
5	I have always driven past this place, and wanted to give it a try. Last night I was finally able to try this place, and I can't say enough good things about this place!The decorations and atmosphere of the restaurant seems very authentic. As we walked in, we were greeted by two beautiful smiles. We were seated within 10 minutes. It was quite crowded for a Sunday night. I ordered the shrimp enchiladas and sangria. My husband had the beef tongue tacos. They give you as much chips and dips as you want, and our order also came with a delicious tomato noodle soup. All of the food was delicious: Zapata's food is one of the best Mexican foods I have had. Whenever I get the munchies for Mexican food, I know where to come from now on.Excellent service, and great food and drinks. Definitely would like to come back for my birthday celebration dinner!
2	Went in for lunch and ordered a carne asada torta.  For some reason they actually serve it with fries...I'm still trying to figure that one out.  As for the torta, it wasn't bad but the meat tasted more stewed than grilled.One thing that's not good at all is the parking...forewarned is forearmed.  Overall, serviceable Mexican food but nothing special.
5	My boyfriend  spotted the restaurant on his way to work and since today is our 10th anniversary we decided to try it. We were so pleased. The food was excellent. They made our guacamole right at our table. The service was excellent. No complaints at all. We have now found our favorite Mexican place to eat.
5	I ate here with my family and it was a great experience. We were immediately greeted and seated so it wasn't too busy on a Sunday afternoon. Their service was AMAZING. Our waitress was super nice and our chips, salsa, and water kept getting refilled when needed. It took a while for our main entrees but it was worth it. I ordered flautas with beans and rice. The flautas were crispy but soft at the same time. It had a nice balance to it. The rice and beans weren't too bad as well! I was soo full but it was from eating too much of those chips!! lol Overall my fam and I enjoyed the meal, service, and ambiance of this restaurant. I would definitely come back again and hello...there's live music too!! :)
4	Atmosphere, Service and Food!This place hits the marks on all three, from the moment that you enter the place you feel instantly relaxed, like your in an old mexican cantina, the service is top-notch! very team oriented, from the second that you take your seat a server is getting your drinks while another  is bringing you chips with two types of dips which are both awesome btw followed by yet another person with tomato soup! really well orientated. The food is delicious, I've had the fish tacos and camarones adelita there both great! bursting with flavor served in oversized portions, come hungry and be prepared to roll out of this place. My only gripe is the prices which can be a little on the high side, the camarones adelita is almost in the $20 range.All in all, some of the best Mexican food I've ever had.
4	What is the one thing everyone looks forward to when going to a Mexican-style restaurant?  Chips & Salsa!  And, of course, drinks!Bottomless chips and salsa is the first thing served to you after you are seated.  The staff is efficient and nice, and are always happy to give you more chips & salsa!  A lot of places have become cheap with their chips, bread, whatever it may be that is usually free.  But not Viva Zapata's.  The Chile Relenos are excellent.  Definitely my go to place for Mexican food.  I dare you to eat your entire plate of food too.  It's enough food for today and tomorrow.The location is awkward, as it's right across a gas station; but definitely worth, at the very least, checking out.
5	Always phenomenal service and food! Show up for Happy Hour and get the fresh guacamole dip. Delicious!!!We always have a great time here when we bring friends. Twice a week we come here to eat some authentic Mexican food and just chill out.  Very impressive!! Gracias!
4	Move-over, Lindo Michoacan! These guys are legit! Ask for the guac dip, AMAZING! Love the decor, the Tia Maria making the hand made tortillas in the back, the music, the staff is wonderful. I love absolutely everything on their menu. I've tried almost everything. Green Chilaquiles, Carne Asada, Fideo Soup, yummmm....Everything is good.I hate that to come here I have to drive 45 + minutes from Henderson. :-( If ever in the North side of town and in the mood for some good, authentic Mexican, try this place.
4	It was my first visit here, and I was solo, so naturally I took a seat at the bar so as not to take up an entire table or booth.  The bartender/waitress was super nice and the salad I ordered was amazing (chicken, avocado, something delicious in a ranch cesar type dressing)!  I was only drinking an Arnold Palmer since I had to drive but I was not rushed from the bar and that was much appreciated.  There was also a great singer with his guitar (not too loud and complementary to the atmosphere).  There seemed to be many happy hour specials on drinks and I hope to partake on my next visit into town.
5	What a surprise.  On the industrial North Side of town.  Guacamole made table side to taste.  Food was great, service was dialed in.  Price was reasonable.Beats the heck out of those strip restaurants that shine up for tourists.
5	We had a small family reunion here. Food and drinks were just great. I will return next time I am in Las Vegas. P.Adams/California
5	Mexican food is a love it or hate it outcome.  You have no choice but to LOVE absolutely everything about this place. Staff and service are excellence, very nice, polite, fast, just amazing! Everything we have ordered here has been so delicious! The guacamole is made in front of you and the chips and salsa also come with a bean dip that is great and I don't even like beans! The live music is fun and entertaining and not overwhelming. They have fresh homemade lemonade that is so refreshing. So clean and well taken care of. This place would get 6 stars if it was an option!
5	This was my first visit as I've heard great things about this being one of the few great places to eat Mexican food and I wasn't disappointed.  One thing I always find that's a hallmark of a great restaurant is great service from being greeted at the door to when you sit down and how you're attended during your meal and Viva Zapata was all those things and attentive to my drink, chips, salsa, and bean dip.  I just want to mention that bean dip with chips is something few places offer but always wins me over in a Mexican restaurant. I ordered the Torta de Pierna which is a pork sandwich that came out with some time that shows it wasn't just heated up and made with care.  The bread was perfectly toasted and the meat was tender, juicy, and flavorful.   I didn't feel a hot plate nor was warned about one and that's something that always makes me feel great before a bite.  I'm looking forward to future visits and trying more plates from this place due to the food, service, and overall atmosphere.
2	Rude service and mediocre food!
4	Best mexican restaurant ive been to in a long time. The service is always attentive & friendly. They always have a live musician and the atmosphere is kinda old style. The food, while a little on the pricey side is delicious. I always get the shrimp in garlic sauce. Freshly made tortillas. And the bottomless chips, beans and salsa are the best in town. The parking can be tough but its well worth it. Great place
5	So good! Service was amazing, food was excellent. Hand made tortillas.... Yum. 5 stars all the way.
2	Went for dinner for the second time on the one on craig rd , parking is bad bad  and the food was not so hot . Asked for a chile Verdi  burrito and it looked like a enchilada rolled on my plate . Was bad food  I have had better Mexican food at other places . Won't be going back and also pricey they raised their prices on some dishes that are valued at 2 or 3 dollars less .
5	Yummy!  Accidently came upon Zapatas.  What a great Vegas Find!  Food was delicious, service was top notch, and the margarita was yummy!  Some dishes were a little pricy, but you get what you pay for!!  Definiately a repeat visit next time Im in Vegas!!
5	The service here was amazing. They have Mexican beers on draft that most places don't. I loved their chips and salsa, they brought a cup of fideo before my entree, which was delicious. I had the shrimp tacos which were very good. They sometimes have live music, so it's a nice atmosphere. If it wasn't on the other side of town I would definitely come here more.
4	Good food, good prices!  Very similar to Lindo Michoacan.  Enjoyed the ambiance and the service was great.
5	I came here for breakfast on my birthday and it was great! I had the chilaquiles rojos with the 2 eggs! Delicious! The chips and salsa with bean dip were excellent! The staff was prompt and friendly! The menu gives you the history of Emiliano Zapata which was entertaining to read about. Will definitely go back to try some dinner entrees!
5	Loved this place! Found this place through yelp! Service was great, super clean and friendly. Not to mention, their food was Delicious! We ordered the steak cilantro, chile verde quesadilla and chicken burrito (enchilada style). Portion sizes are huge so try not to get full on the chips salsa and beans. :)
4	The food here is always delicious! We live super close so this is a regular stop for my husband and I. Their complimentary chips & bean dip are awesome! Definitely my favorite. I took away a star because it's always a hit or miss with the service, but we love the food too much to stay away.
5	We were in Vegas for the week for my daughter's wedding and wanted to try someplace different...not a chain, not on the strip, but great none the less....we found it in Viva Zapatas!We went on a Monday night, and made reservations since there were going to be about 10 of us.We only had to wait about 10 min. after we got there, no problems at all.It isn't very big, but it's decorated wonderfully and it doesn't feel crowded at all, just right.One thing I loved is that the entire time we were there there was a 1 man mariachi playing a guitar and singing live. I don't know if he is there all the time or not, but I loved it...just added to the ambiance.We ordered an appetizer of Queso Fundido con Chorizo in addition to the complimentary chips, salsa, and frijoles. Oh my goodness! It was the best, cheesiest, sausage-y goodness ever!Our table also ordered a pitcher of Cadillac Margs...the "pitcher" was more of a carafe, but the margs were delish!With 10 of us there were a variety of entrees ordered and everyone loved theirs. Mine was a cheese enchilada and chili relleno, both were delicious.Flan for dessert topped off the evening perfectly. When I'm in Vegas again I will definitely go back!
5	The table side guacamole is amazing! The vegetable fajita was very good and the fresh tortillas that they make on site are delicious!
3	Hands down best shrimp ceviche in Las Vegas! I would come back over and over again just for that! My lobster tail in garlic butter was also delicious, happy hour on drinks was a plus. Be prepared to eat large portions when coming here, I was not expecting that much food!
5	Found this place about 6 months ago,  and this has become the only place we go for Mexican food.   In a  time of  franchise dominance, this place gives a genuine local flavor.I've had various stuff  there, and not a bad meal yet.  Tacos, fajitas,  enchiladas,  and even the Steak Ala Mexicana.. you can't go wrong  with any.
5	I've been coming here for years, the service is always on point, the food here is always fantastic and the ambience is great with a live guitar player in the evening, their fresh baked flour tortillas remind me of my grandmas hot buttery delicious home made tortillas.., like I said, I've been coming here for many years, we love it!!
4	I really like their food.  But, there is no parking, and spending an hour looking for a place on a busy street is no longer worth it.  There is also usually a waiting line, which moves rather quickly, but there is no place to wait.  People are stacked on top of each other or outside.  There are other Mexican restaurants and I think I'm going to find on.  I wish they would find a better location.
5	We just happened to stop in here for lunch as we were driving out of town, and I'm glad we did- possibly the best mexican food I've ever had.  Even the refried beans and rice that came in my meal were perfectly seasoned and delicious.  My only suggestion for them would be to try and elaborate a little more in the menu- I didn't know what several things were, and couldn't easily find the answer in the menu.Overall, great place, friendly staff, and fantastic food!
4	Excellent food.  Pretty authentic.  Negra Modelo on tap.  Flour tortillas made by hand.  Service was fast
4	We were driving through on our way to Salt Lake City and stumbled across Viva Zapatas.  It was a wonderful find.  It seems to be a big favourite of locals, as it was almost full on a Sunday at 11:00 am.Chips were brought to the table with salsa and bean dip.  The chips are so fresh, no mistaking them for store bought, and the dips truly tasty (salsa was a bit spicy).  We had Huevos Machaca with corn tortillas, so much meat that it was hard to find the eggs.  It was very tasty but I would have enjoyed a little more pico de gallo to add some texture.  Definitely worth the detour off the I-15
5	How lucky am I? After returning to Las Vegas from golfing at Wolf Creek I happened to stop for gas at a seven eleven and asked the lady behind the counter if she could recommend a good Mexican restaurant. Of course she directed me a mile up the road to Zapatas. There were no large tables available so they sat me across from the bar at a little two seater table. The chips salsa and beans practically followed me to the table....amazingly quick service. The wait staff offered service with a smile and the food was delectable! The offerings are so vast I had trouble deciding between a burrito or the pollo a cognac. The waiter steered me towards the chicken dish and I wasn't disappointed. The creamy sauce was out of this world and the chicken was tender and sauteed with onions and mushrooms. I was pleased to stumble upon this local gem and you better believe I will go out of my way to return on my next trip to sin city!
5	After reading the reviews in Yelp and a co-worker telling me about this place I have to say it was well worth the busy! The food was so good!!! This is the best Mexican food I've had in a long time! I had carne Asada enchiladas and my friend had the nachos along with Cadillac margaritas! I can't wait to come back and try some other entrees!!! Oh and customer service was amazing!
4	My family ( husband, 3 kids under 12) came here from yelp recommendation.  First of all the service was absolutely amazing!   We got the guacamole and they make it table side! Food was very good. I got the shrimp enchiladas and they were very tasty.  I was already so full from the yummy soup and chips and dip that I had to take most of it to go!
4	Another surprise Yelp find for me! I had never heard of this place or even see it, even though I've driven by a billion times. It's kinda small but they seem to move pretty quickly so if you do wait, it shouldn't be long.The food here is excellent! If you're a fan of guacamole, make sure you try the fresh guac here. A waiter will come out with fresh avocados, all the fixings and make it exactly how you want...so good! Their chips are homemade and they also have a really good fideo soup. I ordered shrimp ceviche for my dinner which was alright but definitely not the best I've had. My wife had chicken fajitas which was great and I would definitely recommend it. Aside from the food, this restaurant has some of the best service I've ever gotten. The staff is friendly and ridiculously fast at getting what you need. My drink never came close to being empty. Their menu is also pretty big so there's something for everyone here. I'd come back, even if just for the great service and killer fresh guacamole!
5	We are new to Las Vegas from Northern California, where we were spoiled with good quality Mexican food. Again we turned to Yelp for local guidance, and found Viva Zapatas with high marks.  The location is a good 12-15 min drive from our Aliante home . Not keen or impressed with the area of this location, we almost had second thoughts... (We are sure glad we didn't pass up this restaurant.)  Parking is limited (2) stars, as we entered there was a nice feel and layout. The whole restaurant was nicely decorated for Christmas (classy, not tacky). There was a gentleman on a stool playing live music and singing which added a nice touch.   It was Saturday night at 6 pm, we did not have to wait for a table and were seated immediately, the host was friendly and attentive. We were sat in a booth right next to the VERY busy kitchen door (1) Star, I was not pleased, and could tell this was going to be a very loud, busy spot. The table was clean, neatly set as we were handed the menus. The menu is very well put together, many quality selections. I had a very difficult time reading the menu as the interior lighting was very low. It created a very pleasing ambiance, however tough to read the menu. ( This is where the kitchen door constantly opening allowing the bright florescent light to shine onto my menu was actually handy).  We searched for a drink menu, hoping for quality specialty margaritas but did not find such items listed on the menu. Our server arrived table side quickly to take our drink order, and was able to recommend a few margaritas that sounded good. I ordered the house Cadillac Margarita on the rocks w/ salt (large) and the wife ordered a Mango margarita blended.  We had time to review the menu and make our selections, however very tough to do so. The menu is packed with amazingly described selections. I settled in on the steak fajitas (rare) and anyone who loves their meat rare knows that finding a good Mexican restaurant that will honor that request, and deliver is few and very far between, its my little test on the quality of service. My wife ordered the chicken mole, and we ordered a Tamale for the table.  Our drinks arrived, my large margarita did not let me down in size. The taste on the other hand was average, nothing special. I found myself a bit disappointed having expected a place like this to have fresh hand squeezed lime juice sweetened with a simple syrup for there mixture. This obviously was a store bought margarita mix. My wife's was tasty, but again a store bough mango mix and margarita blend used. Drinks right down the middle (2.5).  The chips, salsa, and re-fried beans provided were wonderful. Chips were warm, the salsa was hand made with quality ingredients, and the beans were also well seasoned and hand made.   Our entrees arrived with an average wait, the timing was perfect. The plate presentation and appearance was wonderful, the food looked amazing. The portions were very big, and looked like each plate was prepared with care. A nice added bonus we did not expect or order was a home made soup offered with dinner, small 6 to 8 oz portion of soup. I would describe it as a cross between a home made tomato soup and chicken soup. The flavor was very good, someone who knows what they are doing back there took time making this broth. Very flavorful and light.   Chicken Mole: The Mole sauce was very good, not as heavy and bold as expected, but certainly not a bad Mole by any means. The star of the dish was the two pounded boneless chicken breasts. Again I expected a over cooked dry chicken saved by a rich Mole sauce to cover. Not here, this chicken was amazingly moist and juicy. Rich flavor, and i highly suspect they brine the breast. It was perfectly cooked (5+) stars.  Steak Fajitas: The plate looked amazing, smelled wonderful and was sizzling at the table. The meat looked plump and not over cooked. The flour tortillas were hand made in the restaurant, warm and amazing. I took a piece of meat to test, and it was PERFECTLY cooked rare with great flavor and well seasoned. I have never been a guacamole fan, my wife gives me so much grief. I have never eaten guac in a restaurant with any meal. The way this was going, I had to try theirs. WOW, very tasty, properly seasoned and balanced with cilantro, onion, lime, and tomato. I actually used it on my Fajita roll.  Tamale: A very tasty and well balanced Tamale. The flavor was very good. The masa to meat portion was perfect,   In closing, this by far is some of the best tasting Mexican food I have had, and we have had some great Mexican in Northern California. We have found our spot when the desire for Mexican comes knocking. Great food and restaurant. The service is top notch. Even though we had some things we did not enjoy, I have to give this restaurant (5) stars for service and food. Great job, and we will be back very soon.Food - (5) StarLocation - (3) StarParking - (2) StarService - (5) StarAmbiance - (4.5) st
5	THIS WAS AN AWESOME FIND!Took a road trip with my Dad, and he guided me to this place, awesome. Very few places can pull off the authentic ambiance and Mexican flavor. I dare say it gets close ( I said close not there) to my Mom's cooking. Went here for brunch on a Sunday, mellow. They bring out chips and a good salsa, next when you order they bring you SOPA!/soup as an appetizer, included. Huevos con chorizo, are great. Next time I'm in Vegas, will make the trip over to this place on my break from rolling the dice. Worth the trek or cab ride if your looking for a hangover cure.
5	Oh me oh my that was some delicious Mexican food. By far the best I have had in Las Vegas and the best I have had outside of Austin. Only negative was my whisky and soda, however I should have known better and just got it on the rocks. This is a restaurant and a bad drink should not dampen this amazing food, and besides the margarita I got next was spot on! Fresh made tortillas!!!
5	Love Zapatas!!! They have live music and amazing food. My husband is Hispanic and he said it almost matches his mom's cooking. The wait staff was very professional, and the people who come between the waiters are great you never have an empty drink. Love the complimentary bean dip/salsa and chips. My daughter is one and loves the music!
5	In particular for not being in a great area this place is friggin sweet!  Salsa dynamite. Shrimp was excellent. Great Guac. Solid all around.
1	Zapatas has decent food, but this review is about my To Go order.... $7.50+ for a "medium" salsa.... and No Chips!#! It was far short of a Medium. and No Chips?? Boo!!
5	Best Mexican restaurant in town and a local favorite. They have a full bar and a wide variety of lunch specials. Try the guacamole; they make it at your table. Great food and even better service. I'm a regular and am never disappointed.
4	Once again, Viva Zap's delivers! Love the Grandma Mag's chicken!  Serrandiado sauce is positively incredible.
5	I have been there 5 times and great time. They are pretty fast a lunch. Food has been very good each time. Absolutely nothing negative to say about the place.
5	From now on my favorite Mexican restaurant in town. Not only for its authenticity but its friendly service and of course the rich and savory dishes. Give it a try and your palate will thank you. Just saying. :)
4	Awesome cheap Mexican fare a short drive from the Vegas strip.  Who knew?  We went a bit out of our way during a day trip (between visiting Red Rock Canyon and Hoover Dam) to check out this place on the recommendation of a friend, and we were not disappointed.  The food is nothing fancy, but it's real, and it's good.  The guac is a highlight - made tableside, fresh and flavorful (at about half of NYC prices for the same).  The atmosphere is festive and the service attentive.  A ton of locals/regulars is never a bad sign either.
5	I like this place it's a wonderful place if you want to go with your family (with kids), friends, colleagues. This place is excellent and a great variety of menu items above and beyond the usual boring choices you would find anyplace else. Not to mention the amazing service.
4	First of all I love this place. Good food. I always come here and the Manager is very sweet. She was on it and took good care of us. Oh ya and fresh made tortillas. YUUUUM.
5	Great Mexican food! And the handmade corn and flour tortillas! Always a good choice! I've been going to this place for over 10 years and I always have a good time and leave stuff! Great staff and customer service! A definitely go to spot..
5	Worth the drive to this outstanding authentic Mexican food.  Gr8 margaritas, shrimp chile rellanos, cerviche, moles, pork, tongue and menudo.  Fabulous ambience and gracious service.  Entertainment usually and big booths for a relaxing big meal.
5	One of the MORE authentic mexican food places on this side of town.  I love the birria there.  It never disappoints.
5	I've been here two times so far this year. Both times I was not disappointed. I'll share my most recent experience. Came today about lunch time. Promptly seated. Chips, beans, and ridiculously good salsa shop up at the table right after being seated. drink order taken immediately. Their staff worked together to keep us happy. Our drinks never saw the bottom of the cup. I appreciated that because there's nothing more annoying than the wait staff letting your cup sit empty while your trying to wash down your meal. I had the carnitas fajitas with corn tortilla. These were THE BEST carnitas I have had in my life this far. Incredible flavor! My bf had shredded beef tacos with the crunch shell. He really enjoyed it. They also have a little station in the corner of the restaurant where they have a lady making fresh flour and corn tortillas. I haven't tried the flour so I can't comment on those. But the corn tortillas are amazing too. The best. I look forward to visiting this place again.
5	This place is fantastic for lunch!  The food is very good, but what makes them stand out is their service.  Our glasses never got less than half full and the chips and salsa were refilled several times.  Try the #12 chicken lunch special, it is very tasty.
1	The food was so bland and we were very disappointed in our food. We ordered the sandwich and it had barely any meet on it and no spice or flavor at all! This is a awful choice if you are vegetarian there are no options, I ordered vegetarian burrito and it was a flour tortilla with bland veggies and that's it! I was so bummed I had to spend my money! Oh! And the prices!!!! $12 for my veggie burrito! Never coming here again!
5	Still the best!! Delicious food, bomb drinks, great service. What else can u ask for. Must try!!
5	Right off the Craig Rd. exit on the 15 North is a great little Mexican restaurant called Viva Zapatas. It's a relatively small spot that you would probably miss if you weren't looking for it. The food is excellent, but the parking is tight. Zapatas makes for a great lunch spot or a great dinner place to wow your out of town guests. The restaurant has a cozy atmosphere and features a cool bar in the center of the restaurant with a couple of over head tv screens so you won't miss the big game. You can find a picture or two of Emilliano Zapata hanging on the walls along with a few other eclectic Mexican artifacts. The food is excellent! They start you off with chips, salsa, and beans. This place reminds me of a great Mexican restaurant that is no more called Sal's Mexican Inn in Oxnard,Ca. Go with a combination plate, no need for an appetizer because the portions are good. I like the #4 combo which is a pork burrito, chicken enchilada, chicken taco, and rice and beans. I like to substitute the chicken taco for a chorizo taco. I'm not sure if the chorizo taco is even on the menu, but don't leave without one. They are excellent. The pork burrito is so tasty and the chicken enchilada pops off your plate and into your mouth. The enchilada is smothered in cheese just how I like it. Be sure to order the guacamole and watch them come over to your table and make it fresh in front of your eyes. The guacamole is first class. Zapatas also has a killer chile relleno. On the way out don't leave without what I call the best after dinner mints in town-undisputed. These little green babies aren't so minty, but more lemon limey. They will leave a refreshing taste in your mouth for the ride home. The bottom line is no matter what you order at Viva Zapatas you won't be disappointed, so if you're in Northtown you have to drop by.
5	I was really surprised at the quality and authenticity of the food!  I ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp and was extremely pleased.  Oh man, I want some right now!  The menudo was also good.
4	Fideo soup is pretty good.  Their Carne Asada tacos are good along with their chips and salsa.  A bit over prices but it's worth it once in a while.  No fatty pieces of beef with the tacos.
4	We come here once a month or so and are never disappointed. Service is good and employees are friendly. Ordered the shrimp quesadilla for an appetizer and it was delicious. Cobb salad for dinner. Another delicious meal!
5	Was here last night & as always it was awesome. For my last meal on the states for awhile it certainly was the perfect choice. My wife loves it here & we dine here so often they know her order. Lol while the parking leaves a bit to be desired & lord knows it on the edge of the world it well worth venturing out of your comfort zone for easily the best Mexican Food Vegas has to offer.
3	Food was good but took way too long to serve the food. lunch took 2 hours and 15mins. The food was good, but they did mess up one of the four meals and we weren't about to wait another half hour for it to be made correctly. Staff was friendly...just...so...slow... It even took about 10-15 mins to get the credit card back. Great food, but by the time food got served, we were all half way full from the four bags worth of chips we munched on during our wait.
4	Me and my wife come here all the time for some good mexican food! They are like the fine dining of mexican food. The avocado appetizer is the best I've ever had at any mexican restaurant. Part of the reason its so good is the experience; they actually make the appetizer in front of you! Another good feature of this place is the live music. Theres an amazing guitar player/singer who sings a lot of classical mexican tunes. The reason I gave this a 4 out of 5 is due to the small and inconvenient parking lot, especially since they're usually always busy. Second, the last time we went there we were COMPLETELY ignored. We had to find the manager twice in order get our food ordered and delivered. 30 minute wait is unacceptable, especially when no one checks on you. That is what cost them a perfect score. Other than that, a very good meal awaits for you here.
5	We moved here a month ago and stumbled on this place. Since then it has become our #1 Mexican restaurant in Vegas and we have been there TWICE. The food is delicious and the chips not only come with salsa but also refried bean dip. The customer service is excellent; they will continuously check up on you and ensure all is well (to include drinks being topped off). It's a bit smaller so usually you'll have to wait a few minutes for a table/booth but I have never had to wait as long as they predict. The parking lot is a bit small too but both times we've simply parked next door and walked over. There has been live music both times but it has been acoustic etc so it isn't overwhelming. We went on Cinco de Mayo and it was great too. There were even Corona girls there passing out little Corona shawls for your beer bottles, and there were drink specials too. Love this place.
3	I've eaten here many times. It's proximity to home and work made it my go-to Mexican spot most of the time, but it's not my favorite spot, or favorite Mexican in Vegas. It's pretty good, a must try.I'm not their biggest salsa fan, but it's spicy so I enjoy that. The table side guacamole is very good. The menu is large, items are  priced a bit higher than I prefer, but the portions are huge. I've enjoyed their quesadillas with shrimp, avocado shells stuffed with shrimp and pico, and most of all the fideo. Honestly, I always came for beer and fideo. I felt the fish and shrimp tacos were quite bland, and the burritos are packed with way too much meat and nothing else.The service is always friendly. It gets very busy here, so beware of that. I have waited longer than I'd like to admit for food here. A decent spot, but not the best.
2	Appetizer came the same time as our entree (after an hour) ,  all the food was cold,  and the buss boy spilled my food on me. The place is also so family friendly everywhere I looked there was a crying child. Two stars cause the food would have been good if it was hot.
4	Best queso fondito with chorizo i have had in Las Vegas. Good mojito's and margaritas. Friendly staff. Good atmosphere. Pretty good al pastor but not the best. Would come to this restaurant again.
4	Went here during a recent trip to Vegas, but forgot to write the review.  I want to make sure to give this business its due.This is not an area I typically visit while in town. My usual hotel wasn't able to accommodate my third night (a busy Friday) and I wound up choosing a place that had great reviews. That decision was a good one, and I followed it up by trying out Viva Zapatas due to its following on Yelp.First the bad - parking. Located adjacent to a busy service station, the parking is extremely limited. I actually waited several minutes while two people were talking outside their respective cars. I am glad I had the patience.The title should be reversed; it's a cantina & restaurant. The vibe, even on a weekday lunch, is lively, especially with the sporting events on the TVs. I actually sat at the bar -- there was a short wait for tables. But my server was quick, friendly and efficient. It took a while to get through the menu; I love tough choices. I wound up choosing the Ayoxustla combo (chile relleno & beef taco) and enjoyed everything. It was tasty, filling and the service was excellent. I'll come back again. It's worth the extra few minutes to enjoy a really good meal.
5	by far the best Mexican food I've eaten in a long time and I'm from the bay. I just moved to vegas and since we already ate here last time, I had the chicken mole which was amazing. The chicken was so tender and the mole sauce was perfectly seasoned. Tonight I tried the Camarones with the mushroom wine sauce which was on point. The prawns are huge from Mexico. Their chips and salsa are also delicious. I also love how attentive they are and how there is a guy singing and playing mexican music. Makes you feel like your in mexico. If you ever come to vegas,  Def try this place! You won't be disappointed!
5	My husband took me here for Mother's Day. the wait staff & support was amazing. I had Sangria which was amazing , taco, tostada, & chicken enchlida which were all amazing.I have been looking for a great Mexican Restaurant & this far surpassed my expectations. this place is amazing. also, try the bean dips.....delicious!
5	this place was awesome! First trip there yesterday will definitely go back. The entire staff, from the hostess at the front, to the servers and bussers, everyone was super friendly and made sure we were enjoying our meal. The tortillas are so fresh, u can see them being made in house at the back of the restaurant.  Also had live music. I order the Enchiladas de Mole (sp?) and hubby got fajitas. At first the prices seemed a little high, but when the food came out we found out why. The portions were large and the food was excellent. My enchiladas were just cheese but the mole sauce was delicious. Came with grilled chicken on top, side of rice & beans and yummy soup. Hubby fajita meat was seasoned well. Only came with 2 tortillas to rap but when he asked for more, they came out hot and fresh. Only downside to this place is the parking. It's behind a gas station so the parking is very limited.
5	Love this place. Use to live down the street now moved to the other side of Vegas and I still drive all the way up there. The food and SERVICE is excellent. You will never have to worry about being ignored, their customer service is what sticks out to me the most and the food is a + . Love their avocado tacos!
2	I'm conflicted about my review. I would give it a 2.5. The parking is terrible like everyone says. The salsa was really good. The live music was a nice touch. The food was just OK. I have had better Mexican food and I've had worse. I'm always suspicious of a Mexican restaurant when it is chock full of White people and no, or very few Mexican-Americans. My husband liked his shrimp dish, but my pork dish was meh, unmemorable. I took home most of it and gave it to my husband. He will eat almost anything. I would not order a pork dish there again. I don't know if we will be going back again, definitely not at a busy time when parking is difficult.
5	The food here was incredible! The portions were very filling and most everyone takes home leftovers. The flour tortillas are homemade and delicious! This was the best Mexican I've eaten and I would definitely recommend it.
5	They have some of the best guacamole in town!  This is an intimate little place, only about 20 tables or so plus a bar area.  The hostess stand is very disorganized and waiting space is limited, however the bar is a great place to kill time.  Bartender is awesome, super friendly, and she even brought out some chips and salsa for us to snack on while we had a beer and waited for our table.  Somehow the hostess got confused and forgot we were waiting at the bar and marked us off the list, but we got it all resolved.  The food, oh my goodness, the food is muy delicioso!  It took a little while to come out, but it was well worth the wait.  I had the sizzling fajitas de camarones with their yumazing handmade flour tortillas and he had the pollo estilo reforma agraria, which is a vinegar marinaded chicken dish.  We also loved that they have a lot of huevos dishes not limited to breakfast hours.And like other yelpers have noted, the parking lot is tiny.  Knowing this ahead of time helped me mentally prepare to be patient and creative with my parking options.
5	Wonderful food, atmosphere, service!!!  I only came because of yelp reviews.  Thank you!
3	Large menu selection! There's a veggie section, huevos, chicken, shrimp, other parts of animals I'd rather not eat. Pretty hard not to find something you want. FOODComplimentary Chips and salsa (3.5 stars): Come with a bean dip and a salsa dip. I liked the bean dip more. Soup that comes with meal (3 stars): Pretty good actually. Noodles inside were good. Broth is like a tomato chicken broth.  Guacamole (3.5 stars): Good guac but I've had better.  Shrimp fajitas (3 stars): Shrimp were way overcooked, pretty chewy. Rice and beans were good. They have hand made tortillas, which were okay. I used to live in SD where there are tons of Mexican restaurants that do hand made tortillas and they taste so much better. Complimentary Birthday Churros (2 stars): Not very soft. Caramel sauce wasn't so great with it either. Nice of them to give something for birthdays though! But these churros are on the regular dessert menu also, wouldn't recommend them. They also sing to you and put a sombrero on you for your birthday. SERVICE (5 stars): Our server was awesome. On top of everything we asked for. Waters were always getting filled. And once we told him there were vegetarians in the group he made sure to tell them what they could and couldn't eat. ATMOSPHERE (3.5 stars):Place isn't that big but it's a good size, make reservations if u can, it was packed when we go there but we had reservations.  PARKING:Parking is tight. The lot is weird so it takes a while to get in some of the spots. Overall if you need to go to some kind of restaurant around this area it works. But nothing spectacular. If you have a big group they do a good job with service.
5	Whao!  This is authetic mexican food. The chips were fresh, beans were delicious, the salsa was perfect. Noy to mention the guacamole, it was made to perfection. The food was beyond delicious. I will be back.
4	Being from a Puerto Rican and Mexican family, I enjoy authentic Mexican food. Food here is great. Large menu with many choices and combo plates. Servers are quick to bring refills on chips, salsa, or drinks. My first time here was at dinner time and aside from the lighting not being that great, everything else was perfect. I felt just like family and welcomed by everyone working there. Being from CA, I have had many different types of Mexican food from numerous places. This place is definitely a go to when I'm craving Mexican food. Only downfall in my opinion, which is why I did not give them 5 stars, is because of their parking lot situation. Very few spots to park in. Luckily my first time here it wasn't too busy. But the second time I came here, there were no spots and nearly had to battle someone else for an open spot when someone left. Definitely will be back again.
5	Tried this place the other day and had the green Chili and pork burrito combo (Uno on the lunch specials).  The portion was a good size and it is served with rice and beans.  They also serve chips with bean dip and salsa while you wait for your order.  This is going to be my go to Mexican restaurant in town.
4	Good food and good service. Hard to find a decent restaurant in North las Vegas. This is my go to spot for Mexican food up here. Prices are fair and definitely cheaper than the chain restaurants. They have an assortment of combo meals if you have a hard time deciding.  The guacamole is made fresh right in front of you and the salsa and beans are served with a smile.
5	The food was delicious , full of flavor and the portions are big! Great atmosphere 'n
5	Just driving through, and needed a good place to eat, so I turned to yelp. Muchas gracias! We LOVED THIS PLACE! Good drinks, good food, good entertainment!
5	Everytime we go to Viva, food has been excellent. But the wait staff and the manager really make it a great dining experience.  They are really on the ball. The live music is a plus. Tortillas are handmade and the guacamole is made at your table to your tastes. Soup is great and the salsa and bean dip are sssooo good. Everything we have ordered have been great. From the tacos, steaks, and fried fish. Parking is limited so go early.
5	Good relax environment. Good mole. Worth the trip. Been here twice on separate occasions. One with happy hour. Good service, good food, and authentic music.
5	Fanfreakingtastic food. The atmosphere is amazing, service is outstanding, prices are very reasonable.
5	I was there a while ago so I don't remember too much.  All I remember is that the atmosphere was amazing, I remember that the staff were equally amazing, and I remember that the food suggested by the staff was phenomenal.  Great authentic Mexican food, great bartenders/servers, and an awesome time.  What more can you ask for?
5	The beans.... Oh the beans! And they're complimentary. Along with the Fideo soup. Oh, man! I would eat just that, it makes me so nostalgic for meals from my past.  With that said, everything we have tried has been very good. We have been here a few times and have not been disappointed. The parking lot is a hot mess and the seating area is small but once you sit down and they bring the complimentary beans, salsa, chips and soup I am already so happy that I end up ordering a small meal to share with someone! So if you want to get off the strip and have a good, more authentic Mexican meal head over to Viva Zapatas!
4	We normally come for breakfast. Really good Huevos Rancheros but everything we have tried has been legit!Love the fideo soup (not sure of the spelling) they serve before each entree.
5	My boyfriend and I went to Vegas and coming From a Mexican families down south of Texas.... as south as you can get, I was a little skeptical eating Mexican food here. We decided to take the risk and were impressed. The service was excellent and so fast! The food, although differently prepared, was delicious. I had never had enchiladas that were filled with shredded beef. My honey absolutely loved his food also. We were almost going to ask for someone to roll us out...that's how much we ate. I will admit that the sopapillas were a little thicker than what I'm used to but still very good. Definitely recommended!!
5	Close to Nellis AFB, one of the closest mexican sport bar around... Overall review was awesome... Our waiter Antonio was excellent at providing excellent service by being aware of all his tables.. Making sure our chips and dips was never empty.. And his sense of humor is great.. He was always polite and always have a smile on... Their live musician has a very strong voice and very good on the guitar.. Atmosphere was dark-- setting the bar mood but really bring you into the Mexican theme..! Food was amazing-- the chips bean dip and salsa was unlimited and very delicious, I had their enchiladas de mole.. Which was rich with mole sauce but a bit too cheesy for me.. But still Sooooo Gooodddd!! You got to try this if you're ever around Nellis AFB! Or just in Vegas itself!!
5	Love the food, the quality and the experience, not to mention the staff are so attentive!
5	This is the best Mexican food on this side of town.  The Pescado Eufimio Zapata has a wine based sauce, with Spanish olives, that is the best I've ever had.  They also have decent priced lunch specials on weekdays.
3	Viva Zapatas is a great place to go for a quick lunch during work. They have lots of space for big groups, and the service is fast (but not to the point of feeling rushed). I had the tamales and enchiladas. They actually were pretty good! You are never low on salsa, bean dip, chips or drinks at Viva Zapatas. They also have a great soup...I am not sure what it was called, but it was a like a spicy Mexican version of chicken noodle soup!
5	Food is amazing! Huevos rancheros are to die for! Mini sopes are real good also. Carne asada in them is so tasty. They start you with fideo soup. Which like noodle soup the Mexican version. We have been coming in the morning so not sure if they serve the soup all day. Honestly food here in las Vegas is amazing. So many hidden treasures. This is one of them. Moved from San Diego. California they aren't very many good authentic Mexican places. Not pricey either.
5	Food was amazing and the service was better than amaZing. Can't go wrong with some live Mexican music!
4	Lighting was really poor, menu description really small, thank goodness for flashlight app. Filled up a little to much on chips and salsa. First brought out soup that was good but all it was is broth. Service slow but they did stop by our table to ask if everything was OK. Good was good, I had Chili Colorado and it was cooked perfectly. I would recommend it if you on that side of town.
5	I am still thinking about my Chile relleno and it has been hours since I ate it.The menu here is giant, with more items than you could ever hope to try in your lifetime. I would love to try all of the family recipes most of all because those are truly unique. The live music, the wait staff, and overall service are top notch. It is a louder restaurant, especially when someone has a birthday, but great for families and groups, while still maintaining enough intimacy for a possible date night environment. The food itself shows devotion to small finishing touches and detail. Instead of plain rice as a side, veggies are mixed in. My dining companion ordered a burrito and it was nearly the size of a loaf of bread. For real, you will get enough food to take home, so be prepared to have a second and possibly third meal out of what you order!
5	The food is VERY good and priced just right. Staff is friendly and attentive. I love the atmosphere and even though its small you don't feel like other parties are sitting on top of you.
2	Carnitas are not carnitas. The coca cola ones were ribs in a sweet sauce like bbq and the regular ones were ribs with salty sauce. Beans were great so were the homemade flour tortillas. They need to learn to make carnitas estilo michuacan
5	We went here for the first time based on yelps reviews and all I can say is it was excellent. Yes, The parking is poor, and not very many tables inside, but they seated us quickly and parking issues won't keep me from a good meal. All of the employees were very polite and helpful. The guy playing the guitar and singing was great. The food was excellent and service was quick. Nothing bad to say at all. On second thought, it was horrible. All you people stay away so it doesn't get too busy and I can go more often.
4	I've  been here a few times and the food is consistently good. Great lunch specials. Nice portions. Can't  go wrong eating  here.
1	Can't believe it!  We have eaten here at least twice a month for a few years. ..  Totally happy with our standard breakfast order... We both get huevos rancheros.  Last 2 trips they can't even get the eggs even close.  Over medium means whites cooked and yolks runny.  Egg whites means no yolk!  Both epic fail! When we returned the RAW eggs the chef returned the eggs over hard.  brown and completely over cooked! The term egg whites suddenly is incomprehensible! So we got scrambled eggs.    He sent an obvious screw you because we complained.  They will never see another dime of business from us!
5	Visiting from out of town and saw the reviews on yelp. We came by for breakfast and are glad we did. The service was excellent. The food was delicious. Highly recommend this Mexican food paradise.
5	Love this place!! Not too pricey and so much food. Tacos are amazing and they make the guacamole in front of you.
3	Their chile relleno was very good, the chips and salsa were good but the pork taco was dry and lacking flavor as was the tamale. One out of three on the main course is not good but the chile relleno was good enough I would go back for that alone. The service was great in the bar area and the beer was cold. I ate at three Mexican restaurants while in Vegas and this was the best. The other two had dry pork as well on their tacos so maybe that is the way they like it in Vegas?!?
5	Best authentic Mexican food in Vegas! And the horchata is delicious! I have been to a lot of Mexican places that don't even compare. You have to try it to believe it!
5	Hidden gem! I was absolutely blown away by their service. From the outside, it just looks like a plain Mexican food joint next to a truck stop. Then inside decorations,music, and lighting transport you to festive Mexico. The table side prepared guac was amazing. The staff are quick and friendly. Chips, drinks, sauces were refilled without havering to flag anyone down. Host was knowledgeable about the menu since there was a large selection of authentic food. I've literally passed by this place hundreds of times on Craig. And now I think I've found my new local spot.
5	Everytime I go to Viva Zapatas it feels like home they really know how to provide the best customer service. My favorite dish is pollo zarandeado and ceviche it is delicious you gotta to try it...
5	Absolutely the BEST Mexican food I've ever eaten! Margaritas were awesome too. Happy Hour 2 for 1
5	The bomb.coldest modelo beer on tap ever in town. when you come here you are treated like family.was blown away with the service.it deserve 10 stars
3	First impression was nice.  The hostess was very friendly and professional. She greeted us and offered us a carrier for our babies car seat so that was a plus.  She sat us down and not to long after we had our waiter take our drinks. They handed us chips and salsa right away. We placed our order and munched on the chips and salsa which was pretty yummy.  But the wait just to get our food was pretty lengthy. We ended up getting full off of the food because of the wait. So when our food finally came it was nice and hot.  I ordered the steak enchilada mole. One bite and it was so overly stuffed with cheese.  Almost to the point where it made me sick. I could bearly taste the mole.  I Know that I will never ordered this again. I also had the Carne asada salad. It was overpowered with lime. It had no flavor. Another thing I will not order again.  My son had the steak cognac.  I took a bite and it was good they cooked it med rare perfect. My husband had the shrimp and it was cooked just right also and there was good flavor.  If it was based off service alone I would put another star.  Maybe I'll come back and try a different item but so far I was not impressed with my food.
5	As good as it gets indeed! I've been to this spot before but only for a few drinks at the bar. I knew I wanted to come back and try the food as the place always had a good friendly vibe. I am so glad I finally did! The food was amazing. I'm from San Diego and my girlfriend is from El Paso, so we are very accustomed to the cuisine from both nearby border cities of Tijuana and Juarez. If you are looking for flavorful authentic Mexican dishes then Viva Zapatas is your spot! The service was top notch. Our waiter always made sure that we were well taken care of. When we were finished and asked for a box to go, the bus boy came over and packaged it up for us which was a very polite gesture. We will be back!
5	The best Mexican food in Las Vegas hands down. In addition to the best food, the staff is very friendly, professional and always have a smile when serving you. My wife and I eat there as often as we can and we always leave there full and very satisfied. Oh ya, love the live music, this restaurant is awesome. You guys keep up the good work and my wife and I and our family and friends will continue to eat there. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
5	Authentic great tasting food combined with amazing service makes this place worth a visit! I had the combination platter which included a crispy chicken taco, Green chille pork burrito, and a beef enchilada (including rice and beans). Every bite was savored and have absolutely no complaints about this place. My co-worker drank about 6 horchatas being that as soon as she was done with one, the server would immediately grab another (Now that's service)!
5	Excellent food! There was someone playing the guitar which really brought it home for me. Definitely my new favorite Mexican restaurant.
4	I had the 7 mares caldo. Great taste. The caldo had a lot of sea food.  service was also great. Got seated right away. Hey also had this amazing salsa. I'll be back to try the camarones.
4	Outstanding service, outstanding food,  interesting location.  This is a very good Mexican restaurant that caters to old and young alike.  Their dishes are all made from scratch and, though I've only tried the chimichanga, I would recommend and return.
4	Viva Zapatas was an excellent experience and meal. We dined in for lunch on Wednesday and had a small 10 minute wait for a table. The restaurant was indeed busy but the service was fast and friendly. They have a four tiered lunch menu that offers inexpensive and smaller meals for less than $10 such as a taco salad, two tacos (beef or chicken), and two enchiladas plates that comes with rice and beans. Service was quick and we received our lunch meals in less than 10 minutes. The inside was very clean and with a outstanding and authentic cantina decor. Overall, this was an excellent experience with quick and friendly service. We will certainly be back.
4	This was an excellent new find for me!A complimentary cup of Fideo Soup was a nice prelude to a veritable Mexican feast after downing also complimentary warm homemade Tortilla Chips in a mellow Bean Dip and spicy hot Red Salsa.  A made to order Guacamole Dip prepared tableside by our wiatress was excellent with a freshly opened avocado and just the right amount of lime, cilantro, and other seasoning.  White Onions, Jalapeno Peppers, and pieces of tomato enhanced this yummy dish.Next up for me was a 17 Tecala Combination Plate, consisting of a suitably soft Chile Relleno and a fine Green Chile Pork & Bean Burrito, along with a Shredded Beef Taco prepared with a requested crunchy hard shell that was ordered ala carte.  The beef was a little soggy; otherwise everything was tasty.  To help fill the gut were included Refritos and Mexican Rice.  Diane enjoyed a large Shrimp Quesadilla executed with a Flour Tortilla, melted Cheddar Cheese, and cut up pieces of shrimp.  Our meal was accompanied by fine guitar music and singing.  Service was friendly, quick, and excellent all around.  Water glasses were repeatedly refilled without request.4-1/2 stars overall!  I will surely be back!
5	Whenever my husband is craving Mexican food, we head over to Viva Zapatas!  They are just as good as Lindo (if not better), but without the super high price.  The food is always great and they keep the homemade chips and salsa/bean dip coming.  If you order guac, they make it right at the table.  They usually offer a complimentary cup of soup as well.  What I really love about Zapatas is that they always accommodate my picky food needs and never make me feel badly about it.  The service is top notch!They also have one of the best margaritas in Vegas!  They have a great happy hour from 2p.m.-6:00 p.m. (I think) M-F with 2 for 1 drinks - you can't beat it!  I love the live music every night and since they are located so close to the Galaxy Theater in the Cannery, it's the perfect date night restaurant too!The restaurant is a bit hard to find since they are in the same lot as a gas station (if you are coming off of the Craig Rd. exit on 95 - turn towards Pecos Road and you can't miss it) but I promise, it's worth it!  Zapatas is definitely an Eastside hidden gem!
4	Holy Frijole, is this place good.  Las Vegans usually place Lindo Michoacan at the top of the heap when it comes to Mexican dining, but my erudite palate says Zapata's is easily just as as good, and much more affordable.I really cannot say enough good things about this cozy little joint.  It's as authentic as it gets, and the food here is so good I don't have a go-to plate.  I always spend a good deal of time browsing the generous menu to pick something new, and it has always been delicious.  The chips and salsa are homemade, and probably laced with something illegal because it's hard to put them down.  The complementary fideo soup with an entree is a really nice touch and quite delicious.  There's a lot of complex flavors going on in what usually is just noodles and broth.As far as the entrees go, I've never had anything that wasn't just firing on all cylinders.  Most recently I had the Camarones Borrachos entree, which was shrimp cooked in tequila, and it was absolutely delicious.  Before that I had one of the carnitas dishes and it gave me a glorious food comma.  The margaritas are also some of the best around.My only criticism of Zapata's is the parking situation.  It's a small, crowded lot and we often have to park at the gas station next to it, but it's a minor inconvenience compared to the quality of the food awaiting inside.  Highly, highly recommended.
4	Love the food here! And oh the bean dip and guacamole are heaven :) I get the steak salad - yummy! The shrimp in some sort of lemon garlic stuff is really good too! Only downfall is price, I always come out spending Wayyy more than intended (thus the reason for 4 stars wish I could do like 4 1/2)
5	Great authentic Mexican food.  Staff is friendly and on point.  Good customer service.
5	Excellent food, very nice staff and beautiful live music. Very clean with a warm, cozy atmosphere. If this place were closer to my house, it would be my destination every time we go out to eat.
5	Ate dinner here tonight. Sorry that we didn't take any pictures of our meals. The food and drinks were delicious. Especially the Queso Condido con Chorizo. Our server Ramon was excellent, and so was Osmani. Will definitely be returning. Good service, good food, good drinks = A GOOD TIME !!!
5	I've been trying to locate good Mexican in Las Vegas and this place takes it! This place is real home-made Mexican food! It's not too fancy though, I'm not about to shove out $20-25 for a carne asada plate when $10-15 seems more reasonable. I had the green enchiladas with chicken and they were delicious. The chips, the refried beans, and the rice were great! I wasn't a fan of the salsa that came with the chips, but that's just me. My friends liked it and I'm a firm believer that you really can't have it ALL. The service was professional and attentive. The setting was a little loud, but when I go to a Mexican restaurant I expect to have live (or some form of) music and to enjoy the general "ambiente".  This place had just that. I will definitely be back with adults only to have some adult beverages also. If I could just place this restaurant closer to my house in Henderson!
5	Was looking for a place to take my in-laws. After reading the reviews on Yelp, we decided to try it. Was a little apprehensive about the location,  but looks can be deceiving.  The place was amazing!!! Excellent service, food was delicious, and it was wrapped up in a very authentic atmosphere!  My husband and I rarely go out for dinner and we've already gone back.
4	Top notch!! Everything on the menu is amazing and they make homemade tortillas like in Mexico in the corner of the restaurant. The design of the place is unique and very awesome to look at.
5	I only ate three bites of my entree. Must have been terrible right?! Nope. It was the most glorious plate of Mexican goodness I've encountered in as long as I can reliably recall. The chili verde pork was perfection. The chile relleno bursting with flavor. The guacamole, out of this world. It was the chorizo queso that did me in before I ever set eyes on my meal. A dish full of cheesy chorizo served with homemade tortillas made about 4 feet from our table. Also, the best damn margarita I've ever had in my life.Did I mention the homemade tortillas?! Still fresh and warm. Ask for Nohemi, she rocks!
5	Unreal!  Who would have thought that North of Las Vegas you could find a Mexican paradise. The food here was so good...I blew right through my New Years diet and will likely come back again tomorrow for the same. The service is impeccable and the staff are on it. Whether the live music is every night, or I just got lucky...it was perfect. Try the carnitas!  But beware the bean dip and salsa will have you almost full before the meal arrives. Loved it!!!
