5	In a word.......FANTASTIC!I went in for what I thought was going to be an EXPENSIVE fix and was delighted to find that less than $30.00 (YES, THIRTY DOLLARS) later i am back on the road and the fender is looking fine!!!The coolest part was that the owners father was out in the shop, under my car looking and giving advice!   I want to be that engaged at 86 years of age.  An honest family owned business that is true to their word.  I am certainly glad I grabbed the card I saw at IMM.
5	My daughter's 128i BMW was horribly keyed this summer and we found Harvil's through State Farm Insurance. Fred Harvil was very friendly and helpful to work with and we really appreciated his service. She dropped her car off on Monday I believe and she had the car back by Friday. His rates were very good and ended up being lower than we had expected, and what we liked about him is that he was very honest. My daughter had accidentally backed her car into a pole earlier that summer and hadn't gotten it fixed because she kept getting quoted around $500 and couldn't do that, but because Harvil was already going to fix the rest of the car he only charged her $100 to repair the back bumper which was really nice. He also set us up with a rental car for her through Hertz that she was able to leave there at the shop and have them pick up which was great and convenient. All in all, Fred Harvil was very pleasant to work with, timely, and left her car looking like new. Definitely recommend!
5	I used Harvil's Auto Body after a fender bender. They were one of the auto body places that was included in State Farm's program. They were efficient, friendly, proactive, highly-responsive, and helpful. I especially appreciated that they kept me updated on the progress of my automobile and advocated for me/my vehicle when needed. This level of high-quality customer services is hard to come by. If you have a choice, choose Harvil's. You won't be disappointed.
4	I was referred to Harvil by dave Hovde Farmer's Insurance and I am glad he suggested them.  I had gotten a quote from Tempe Toyota collision center and didn't have a good feeling about them - real cold and felt like they were ready to run up the charges.  Harvil did a terrific job and even a little extra...nice to support a small businessman.
4	First I will preface this review with the fact that I am sad to even have to review an auto body shop, considering my visit to Harvil's was due to a "drug" driver (yes, drug, not drunk) and an elderly man who clearly shouldn't have a license. My car was less than 3 weeks old (2012 Sonata!) when my front and rear bumper were practically ripped from my vehicle....Now, with my sob story out of the way, I turn the page to a happy place as i sincerely thank Harvil's for their service. With not many reviews of this location, but a recommendation through State Farm, I was a little skeptical on whether or not to give this place a chance. I'm all for supporting small, local businesses, but when it comes to my vehicle (which is the NUMBER ONE thing i'm picky about) I was very scared to put my faith in them 100%. Nevertheless, I made an appointment, and walked away with estimates that were remarkably fair! At the time I was waiting to hear from another insurance company on their decision of whether or not they were going to accept fault for the claim, so when i receive the estimate, I was fully expecting to have to pay out of pocket. When i saw the estimates I immediately was able to breathe easier--I would NOT need to borrow money from anyone to get my car fixed *yay!* (BTW--the insurance DID end up paying....)I was given a time frame of when my car would be ready and was called as soon as i could pick it up. I ran into a small issue, as i work over an hour away and I needed to pick up my car (and return a rental) by 5pm on a Friday evening...while having to fight rush hour traffic. I was concerned I would have to pay for the rental car for the rest of the weekend because they are closed, and that i wouldn't get my car until Monday....but they worked with me and stayed there/open until I was able to come and get it. I did make it there just a little after 5 mind you, but they were more than willing to do what they needed in order to help me. Tim was such a nice man to work with and his team did an amazing job with they work they did on my car. I will absolutely go back if necessary (hoping to God i don't have to though) and will recommend anyone for their service. THANK YOU HARVIL'S!
4	I'm sad to report, I had to come back to Harvil's :(I still trust them and their work, and am happy to know that I have found a place that can assist me in these awful situations at a reasonable price!Thanks again guys !
5	Harvil Auto Body-what a class act company. My F250 Ford Super Duty was tboned by another big truck and had lots of damage. The owner Fred took time to explain what exactly was damaged and gave clear explanations on repairs and was patient with my questions. The time frame for anticipated completion was spot on and my truck came out looking better and newer than prior to the wreck. The truck is not your normal basic off the showroom floor truck it has lots of after market upgrades etc and Harvil was not only experienced in them but also could accommodate for it.  Jr took pride in his work and did a great job on everything. I would definitely recommend this shop to everyone. Good job Harvil and thanks for my new old truck!
5	In May of 1993 , Harvils Auto Body helped me restore a beautiful classic. A 1979 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am.   The Decals were perfect and so was the body Flare Kit and Spoiler on front and back. The Trans Am has gotten lots of compliments and 20 years later the paint they selected and clear coat are still looking new. I have recommended Harvils to several friends. If you are restoring a precious classic , you can count on them doing a very fine job.
