5	If the all the bars in Madison got together and had a big ole' brawl, the Paradise would win.  However, Genna's would be the one you would want to take home with you that night.    God damn, do I love this place.  Great drinks.  Great staff.  Pretty decent juke.  Great clientele.
4	There is nothing better than happy hour on the patio of Genna's in the summer.  Interesting mix of people, strong drinks, friendly bar staff, great view.  The only place I enjoy finding myself steeped in vodka and hipness.
5	Great patio outside by day. Great smoky hipster bar on the inside by night. Always good drinks, although the prices can vary depending on your bartender. Fantastic jukebox and the coolest crowd in Madison.
5	Had I written this review 5 years ago while still a poor student at Madison, I probably would've given it a 3.  Probably because I was too young, and didn't have much appreciation for a bar that wasn't overcrowded with drunkards swaying to polka music.  Now that I appreciate a bar where you can actually play darts without some 19 year old vomiting on your jeans, I have to agree with the other reviewers.  Drinks are cheap, good, and large, too.
4	This is a great Madison bar.  Two floors, each with its own little personality and vibe.  A really chill and refreshing alternative to the regular college bar scene in this town.
5	Have a martini...with a Blue-Cheese Stuffed Olive...or a beer...and enjoy Gennas!!
5	Give me a chalice of Stella or give me death.  Yes, the place is hip, but that's not the only reason to go there (albeit may be the most heavily weighted).  The clientele during happy hour is completely different from the crowd at night, but personally I LOVE seeing the Capitol crowd getting bombed right after work.  It makes me feel closer to my legislature to know that they too appreciate a good buzz.  BONUS is free munchies at happy hour, they often have Lil' Smokies and cheese cubes...mmmmmm!
5	One of the best nights of my senior year at UW Madison was had at Gennas, a hot summer night spent sipping Grey Goose & cranberry and becoming increasingly sweaty in the middle of a dancefloor with my friends, shakin' it to 80s music and loving life.Fun, chill crowd, drinks to please everyone, a classy Capitol Square locale, and two floors to accomodate you & all your friends.  Such a nice break from the fratty bars on State St.
5	Genna's has it all down pat- a good mix of drinkers (from Moms & Dads to hipsters), a great jukebox, an attentive staff and great drinks.  If I could only go to one bar for the rest of my life, this place comes as close as any to what I'd ask for.
3	Genna's introduced me to raspberry Wood Chuck, vodka gimlets, and I'm sure several other drinks. Whenever I went there I could be assured of seeing at least 10 people I like, but the place is infested with hipsters. It's like they're cockroaches addicted to alcohol.
4	At first I was skeptical about Genna's and then I fell in love.  As I age it is still a bar I enjoy being in, and I don't mind returning to.  That being said, this bar is not for the underagers.  Happy hour makes for good people watching. (It also may serve as a warning) They have a wide selection of imported beers and well crafted (i.e. strong) drinks. The patio in the summer is prime real estate come 11 p.m. on all nights.
3	Good drinks, kinda blah atmosphere.
4	A very nice downtown Madison bar. The bartenders were competent, the atmosphere nice, the drinks tasty. Recommended.
4	I came in here near closing time after a few drinks at the Tornado Club next door. There were very few people around being that this was a Monday. Well the bartender was very nice and attentive. The flat screens with adult swim were a nice touch. The interior was looked very hip and welcoming, but by this time everyone was huddled around the bar. This was a nice stop and I recommend having a drink here.
3	The atmosphere is for those mellow-artsy type. It's widely popular among graduate students for the down to earth, yet hip scene. For me it's too "nice." If you are looking for more industrial style, this may not suit your liking. The happy hour is a good deal, but cocktail quality varies - sometimes it's there, other times a totally miss. If you're in town, you should visit Genna's at least once. Repeat? Hmm, not for me.
5	I like Genna's because you don't have to tell them what a gin ricky is. They know. And it's lovely.
4	If you can get a table on the patio, this is one of the best places in all of Madison.  There's nothing like having a cocktail on a warm summer evening set against the capitol.  The thing about this place though is that the later the night gets, or maybe I should say the busier it gets, the less enjoyable it is.  A place like this is not made to support as many people as there are on a Saturday night- it gets very crowded, very fast.. But if you can start at happy hour and stay put through the evening, it's a lovely place.  I generally move down to the Tornado Room when the vibe starts getting a bit too hectic.
4	Stop number 3 on a bar hop to visit all of my boyfriend's old stomping grounds, this place was pretty damn cool.  Great juke box, strong drinks for a fair price (though I noticed the pitchers were higher than most other places) and an eclectic & older crowd.
4	you gotta love a place with big screen tv's (sports bar), martini specials (swank bar), graffiti in the bathroom (dive bar), and weird green ivy lights (funky bar)
4	I liked the old location yrs. ago. But I've grown accustomed to this one and I like the couches upstairs. When I am visiting I always try and make a stop @ Genna's.
5	This bar has character.  The bartenders have been around forever and sure as hell know a thing or two about pouring drinks, managing a bar, bossing around the barbacks, etc.  The decorating is pretty eclectic, by design or by... the passage of several years of... putting stuff on the walls?  Anyway, it's up on the square, cool music, low ratio of douchebags to hipsters, near to other good bars, chill during happy hour, fun at night, relaxing out on the patio.  How many reasons do I have to tell you this bar is a awesome place?  Worth your time and money.
5	I like Genna's because they made a mean Katie Cosmo on the rocks. The owner is also one of my Madison favorites. Her husband lit his hand on fire in front of me. Good times.
4	Great location - Genna's has a homey atmosphere with crazy, colorful walls and artwork, fireplaces, all sorts of seating and big windows upstairs to look out over the capitol square. Drinks were fine - really the atmosphere is what makes this place.
5	If I had a short list of my favorite bars in Madison, Genna's would be on it. Primarily, because this place introduced me to the Pimm's cup (a great drink that somehow I'm unable to mix myself, even with the special signature liquor), but also, because of the good beer specials, the atmosphere that manages to be both slightly tight and crowded and also rather charming, and the better than normal jukebox. Many memories have been had here.
5	Great atmosphere! Cool to place to hang out....awesome outdoor seating too!
5	Genna's is awesome at almost all times.  Occasionally it teems with d-bags, but not too often.Beautiful view of the capitol from upstairs, two bars to serve you, attentive & friendly bartenders, strong drinks (for cheap), a superior happy hour (with snacks!), good patio outside, nice atmosphere/decor, a *great* jukebox, AND as an added bonus, you can see the guy from Garbage just about every time you go there.  You have to admit, that's just a little bit cool (even when you've seen him 50+ times in 5 years).
5	If it weren't for Genna's I wouldn't be happily married.Love this bar, held my husbands 40th birthday here.Love the Bunnies on EasterHoward is the best bartender.Great place to hang out for Halloween.Reading the bathroom walls is always fun.
2	Ew.Ewww. Dirty dirtiness. Not bad if you don't touch anything, and you aren't partial to friendly, prompt service.
4	GREAT place to bring your more mature friends and play the "I'm So Edumcated I'm Sophisticated, Let's Wax Philosophical" Drinking Game where you can talk about politics or recycling over a few drinks. Love the location and the atmosphere (no young males who just turned 21 and are all  annoyingly wearing the same button down shirt in different colors).  Pretty awesome beer selection.  Pretty awesome staff.  Pretty awesome crowd.
4	Fun bar to go with friends, but most people seem to be regulars and stick to their own groups so don't expect to meet anyone new. On weekends it's generally too packed to move, so you won't be mingling too much anyway, but the music is good and the drinks are reasonable, so it's certainly worth it.Best part: Happy Hour Monday-Friday!, 4:30-6:30pm. 40% off rail drinks and $3 for certain good tap beers, plus free chips and salsa, veggies and dip, cheese, and little smokies.  With the largest outdoor seating area during the warmer months, you certainly can't go wrong with Gennas for a drink or two after work.
5	This is my favorite bar in Madison. It has a great atmosphere and good energy. There's always a lot of people there, but it's never too crowded to find a table. They have a nice beer selection, with lots of local Wisconsin brews to pick from as well as staple German and Belgian beers. I love this bar!
3	Genna's is a pretty chill joint with a very welcoming atmosphere (I think it's a product of the architecture). The beer list is better than most and and the seating is plentiful.However, the fact that the restroom door doesn't lock, let alone latch closed, drastically increases the odds of very awkward introductions. Consider yourself warned.
4	My friends and I came here last year the night before Madison's St. Paddy's parade and we thought it was pretty cool until an employee screamed "One person at a time in the bathroom" and everyone turned around when a couple of us were trying to get into the restroom. We returned there the next day after the parade (we were drawn there by the employees in the pink bunny suits that were in the parade) and it was AWESOME! We had a blast there and the bloody marys were amazing and we loved the garnish that came with them (I never knew they made  pickled brussel sprouts and asparagus stalks). If I ever return to Madison, I will visit there again.
5	The bar I've frequented the longest and most often. Thank you Gennas, for all the meatballs, chicken wings, headaches, hilarious conversations and happy hours. A word of caution...if you plan to go later in the evening or on a weekend night, get there early and find a place to sit. Otherwise, you'll be jostling with amateurs. There can be a lot of amateurs on the weekends and later at night. The bartenders keep them pretty well in line, though. Thanks Genna's bartenders!
4	Genna's has a little something for everyone.During happy hour (4:30-6:30 M-F), you get free chips, salsa, hot wings, and an assortment of other snacks plus 40% draft beer - but they don't just discount the cheap stuff.  They give you that deal on Stella, Hoppalicious, etc.On Friday and Sat nights, this place is full of graduate students and young professionals - a mixture of different types - hipsters, intellectuals, etc.  During the week you can catch a game here.  And you can usually see the Badgers play too.  They're mixed drinks are pretty good, and they have all the standard beers for reasonable prices.  Its location next to the capital makes it pretty convenient as well.
4	In my 5 years in Madison, I just recently tried Genna's for the first time & realized what I'd been missing.  It's great for the person who likes Paul's Club, but not how busy it can get.  When I went to Genna's, it had a chill atmosphere, but still a lot of positive energy... overall fun place, can't wait to go again
4	Genna's is definetly one of the nicer places to drink on the capital square! The drinks are reasonably priced and if you come here during the day, the menu is very tasty! (although they cater from next door, so it's not really Genna's food)I agree with the other reviewers about getting here early and claiming a table otherwise you'll be stuck standing all night. During summer you can sit outside in the patio area, which is nice for watching people come and go.
3	Genna's can be really hit or miss for me. It seems to depend on the crowd. If it's full of underclassmen, I tend not to enjoy it as much as the nights it's full of Madison's professionals. Regardless, I always return and, for the most part, enjoy my evenings spent at Genna's. In the winter, it's a great little cozy spot on a snowy evening.  Not sure if they still do this, but for some time there were poetry slams maybe one Saturday night a month? If it's still offered, definitely check it out. It was always really good!
4	Such a great neighborhood place. They played fun music, there was plenty of space to sit back, relax, and people watch. Drinks were poured strong, but weren't too expensive. Everyone was really friendly and chatty, and the bartenders were super laid back. Good times.
5	Genna's is so cool we would pay anything to drink here would we not... And the fact it has the flat iron-ish couture going on in the building design responds to my inner -gay -male- from -a -past -life flair.The crowd is cool and not snobby we all look at each other like a bunch of random people who got stuck in an elevator together and say " I am in here with you so we all must be be cool huh"..It cracks me up however being slightly intoxicating  it is even funnier because then you and your friends  can sit at the long continuous couch in the winter and pretend to be with groups of people you are not with...sorta like you live in Africa and are and orphan and  you mailed your picture to nice families in America and they send you 14.95 a month to rent your picture for  few months---till they are tired of you of course...yes then you sober up and leave your table and go homeAhhh Genna's we love you where the elite meet the street...   Seriously Genna's doesn't leave you wanting with their portions of alcohol in their mixed drinks make sure you bring your cane so you can walk and have someone hide your cell phone so you don't start those damn nasty 2 am drunk dials to ex's after just a few.
5	Okay, it's been over a year since I visited Genna's Lounge in Madison, WI....but part of my New Years Resolutions include getting to and reviewing all the places I have bookmarked on Yelp.  So here I go...and from what I can remember...Genna's Lounge...well, after getting off a flight from Seattle to Denver to Wisonsin, grabbing a shuttle to my hotel, I walked my way downtown Madison and found myself in a quaint little bar....oddly enough it was Genna's!  Waiting for the steak place to open up next door so I can have dinner I decided to have one beer....after another.....HAHA...no seriously.  The barmaid took the time to explain the different local brews to me so I could make an informed decision, the local wildlife was friendly enough as I engage in conversation with total, yet friendly strangers discussing Seattle transportation issues, the Seahawks and Mariners....is it me or do people like to ask alot about Seattle?  Then someone bought me a round....then of course I had to buy one of the bar T-shirts to commemorate my visit...yet another local thought that a large would be too big and said I needed a medium, something that would show off my chest and arms....yes I think he was gay, but it's all good, he was nice enough ....and I think he was the one who bought me that next round, maybe not...regardless, I  probably could've done with out it, especially when I had more to drink at the steak house with dinner....Anyhoo, bottom line, it was a nice comfortable atmosphere, the bar and it's patrons had a lot of personality and were friendly, the local brew was good...only took about 3 bottles for that happy buzz....not that I stopped at 3......and I came away with nice tight T-shirt!  I'd definitely go back the next time I find myself in Madison, WI.
3	This is an okay place on the square in Madison but as a whole is not too different from the dozens of other bars that dot the downtown area. Often crowded, good luck finding a seat, and prepare for it to be about 100 degrees in there because there are so many people.
5	LO-O-O-O-VED it.  How could I not.  I saw the leg lamp from "A Christmas Story" on a shelf behind the bar.  Genna's gives off a great vibe.  Very comfortable, yet not dive-y.  Loungey, but not swanky.  It's a great atmosphere, with soft lighting, warmly painted walls, and tons of interesting stuff on the walls/shelves to look at.  The jukebox remained busy on this Saturday night, as did the bartenders.  Prices were very reasonable ($2.75 for bottles of bud light, $4+ for delicious microbrews) and the crowd was friendly.  My main beef had to do with the bathroom door upstairs having no lock.  The entertainment of the evening consisted of counting the seconds someone could make it peeing in privacy before someone else yanked open the door.  (I made it about 37, thankyouverymuch).BOTTOM LINE:  Great atmosphere, fun crowd, super bartenders, good prices.  Fix the stinkin' lock on the bathroom door and I'll have found my utopia.
4	Genna's is a little awkward to walk around in, because it's full of furniture and narrow hallways/stairways, but they make a great chocolate martini!
5	This is my favorite bar in Madison.  The staff are really friendly and serve up good drinks.  It can get crowded on the weekend nights, but I can almost always find a seat with my friends.  I especially like to sit outside on their patio, when it's warm enough.  It does stink that the patio closes earlier than the inside (I think at one), but that is a Madison ordinance's fault not Genna's (or so I think I was told...).    The juke box is pretty good, not a huge selection, but  a pretty good one.  I work until 6, so I miss their happy hour, but I hear it's good, free food and good drink specials.  Go to Genna's, drink, and be merry.
4	Great music.  Relaxed atmosphere.  Little expensive for what they offer, but they had a sweet dance party the other night.  Lots of energy, i was surprised +1 star!
5	So I can't tell - were the drinks here cheap because it's a campus bar or is it just because it's downtown Madison and not downtown Chicago? Either way, tourists like me definitely win out.We went on a Friday night and it was definitely packed but not packed enough where it was uncomfortable. After awhile we were able to score some seats at the bar and take in the scenery. The place's decor looks like a cross between a cafe in havana, a hookah bar and a kitchen out of the Wonder Years. It's very eclectic and holds a bunch of personality.I was on a mission for a chocolate stout and was given a great recommendation by the bartender about a local brew called Oscar. Upon my first sip, I confirmed his praise for the beer and asked for another recommendation. He warned that Fuel Cafe had a smoky coffee flavor and he was right on. Unfortunately, smoky and me didn't mix. I guess he noticed I didn't fancy it so much so he recommended a Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout for no charge. I tasted that one and I was back in stout heaven.  Such great personable service!At the end of the night the bill came out to a measly $13 for 3 microbrews. It's a great place to chill out, have a lil convo and have the jukebox tunes playing in the background. Plus having knowledgeable bar staff is a star in itself. So far this is my favorite bar in Madison!
4	Half off a good selection of micro brews during the week. Outdoor seating in the summer. Free food.
3	Cool little bar just off from the Capitol building.  Visited on a Wednesday night out of term and the bar was still pretty busy (usually a very good sign :))Great selection of beer and the staff were very friendly and efficient.Skip State St and just go to Genna's
5	Happy Hour!Great bar with large selection of beer and drinks on its two levels. Good appetizer spread during happy hour. Ideal for meeting a group of people.Combine a visit here with a stop at the Paradise afterwards and you're on your way to a good night.
5	I love going to Genna's!!! It is my summertime hangout place because I love the patio!  Service and the drink seletion is great!!!
5	Genna's really is as good as it gets.It's cool without trying to be cool.  It's part townie bar, part politico meet up, part hip kids hang out.  It's quirky without being cliche.  It's low-key without being dive-y.  Genna's has the cheapest and best happy hour in town.  There's free chips and salsa, meatballs, etc.  The drinks are 40% off during happy hour.  It's a great way to kick off your evening.Genna's has a great outdoor patio that fits about 50+ people.  It's great during the summer.  The staff... They are always entertaining and very friendly.  They make really good drinks.  Try a sidecar. :)Genna's used to have one of the better jukeboxes in town.  Once in a while they'd have a DJ upstairs.  There's not really room to dance, but it's usually good music.  Genna's really is the best bar in Madison.
4	Always decently crowded, Genna's is a really great place to get a drink. It's never too packed, but never empty and awkward. They have a lot of seating, so I've never had a problem finding a chair. And it's not so loud that you feel like you have to scream.They have a good selection of beers. Awesome happy hour prices. I like the two floor layout with a bar on both. I like the outdoor seating (lots of it). Lighting is good - dark but not weirdly dark. I really like the chalkboard that lists all the beers upstairs.Service: I've never felt the bartenders were all that friendly. They get your drink, you pay, that's it.Environment: Not too pretentious. Not too college-y. Good lighting - not bright, but not DARK. Not too loud. Overall, very chill.
5	Genna's is film noir meets dive bar, it's the place where I hide in a corner on the second floor nursing a cocktail on a cold winter's night, Genna's is where I meet friends on the patio in my summer pilgramage home. It has a decent draught and bottle beer selection, full bar, table service, college kids checking your ID when you walk in, sports on the downstairs TV, crap on the walls and darts upstairs. I love the smell of stale beer on the floors and graffiti in the bathrooms. I've fallen both up and down that rickety staircase, too. . . .(and, yeah, at one point everyone did know my name.)
5	I love Genna's! :)It's a comfortable little bar.  It's my go-to place when I just want a drink and a good conversation with friends. Even when it's not happy hour, their rail drinks are typically cheaper than most places.  Never seen it jam packed, but there is always a good sized crowd there.  Love their outdoor seating in the summer as well!   Also, for those who care (I don't, but my friends really do), they always have the Packers game on.
4	Genna's is where I would hang out if I lived in Madison. It's a cute little European-like escape from the college bars that blanket State Street and University Avenue. The crowd seems to lean toward the hipster/grad student-types. It was Saturday night and packed to the brim when I was there with my friends. I ordered a strong Jameson and ginger ($4.50) downstairs and then we headed upstairs. We thought it would be less crowded. It wasn't. We were lucky enough to snag a big table and another small one on this little raised stage area though. The decor is really cool--like a cross between a Parisian theater and a Barcelonan wine bar. There's even a fireplace upstairs! The jukebox music was up to snuff and the other patrons seemed friendly.Genna's comes out with four stars instead of five for two reasons. 1. The upstairs bathroom was an abomination. It's a one-person deal, and there was no way to lock the door, hang up your coat/purse, wipe yourself or dry your hands. To make things harder (when you're trying to hold the door closed AND pee at the same time), the toilet seat had been broken off and was laying next to the sink... had to pull The Hover. Ugh. I found a credit card nesting in the used towel roll piled on the bathroom floor, and I brought it up to the bar. And this brings me to gripe number two.2. One of the upstairs bartenders was really bad. He was practically having (and yelling) an entire conversation with his friends from behind the bar, all while ignoring me. I finally got his attention to give him the lost credit card, and then he gives a hearty thanks and immediately walked away without letting me finish telling him about the broken bathroom situation. Plus, I had wanted to order a drink. It was just kind of weird how he walked away so abruptly and didn't look back when I was waving him down. I ended up leaving and coming back a little bit later. Someone watching me wait again at the bar said, "He's great when he's actually serving you... but not when he's not." You said it, man.
5	Genna's is my favorite bar in Madison. The bartenders know how to pour a drink and mix a cocktail, they have a great jukebox, and it walks the line perfectly between a nice place to chill and a great place to have a crazy night out. The crowd skews a bit older in the sense that you don't have to put up with underage kids using fakes, and people meld nicely despite the wide range of ages - patrons seem attracted to Genna's on sensibility more than scene. Try the root beer float - a sweet & satisfying alcoholic concoction that seems to have been invented by one of the bartenders there (when requesting it at other places they have no clue what I'm talking about). Avoid the upstairs bathroom unless you have a friend to stand guard (there's no lock on the door) or want a ridiculous story (I've walked in on people getting...frisky, and nearly everyone's been walked in on). Either way, you can always just hit the downstairs bathrooms for a lock and some privacy.
5	Often I find myself wanting to find another place to hang out and imbibe. Then I go and try them out, only to find my way back to Genna's again wondering, "Why didn't I just come here in the first place?"The only thing I can say that is negative, is its proximity to the Best Western/other tacky places around the Square and State Street mean Genna's is frequently overrun with bachelorette parties/stag nights/obnoxious wedding parties. Inevitably some drunk dude will try to hit on a woman and get surly, or a drunk bridesmaid/bride to be will scream unmentionable things, leading people to stare, and necessitating the surlier of the staff to ice the party out. I almost forgot to mention, Genna's patio during the summer is _the_ place to be. Gorgeous capitol view, Madison summer, and liquor, what could be better?
5	I really like Genna's, though I'm not sure what to say here that hasn't already been said.  Here are what I consider the most important points:The atmosphere is great, the bartenders aren't pretentious, the drink selection is decent, happy hour features free food, the bathroom walls have plenty of reading material.It's just an all around great place to hang out when you're downtown.
5	Perhaps nowhere else in town is as quintessentially Madison as Gennas. Save maybe the Union Terrace.  Happy Hour--required.  People watching--the best. Saturday Bloody Marys--legendary.  The drinks are all good, nothing super notable, but the vibe and the eclectic crowd is worth at least a couple of bucks per drink.
5	Awesome Space, Awesome Location, Awesome Crowd.Genna's is in a great area downtown, far enough away from State Street and the college bars, but close enough to all of the action.During the summer and fall, the outdoor patio allows Madisonians to embrace the nice weather.The two story building allows for plenty of space to create your own area at a table with friends without ever being segregated from the rest of the bar.The bathrooms kick ass with all of their graffiti, props to Genna's for embracing the patron's artwork.Italian family-owned bar, makes sure its employees are top notch, doesn't sell Budweiser, and doesn't put up with dumb college kid's behavior.BEST aspect of Genna's: Genna's has the greatest jukebox in Madison.
1	Pretentious hippies and rude staff, but cheapest happy hour.As a grad student I was looking forward to going to a non-college bar in Madison but was extremely disappointed with Genna's.  Even tried the bar two separate times to give it a fair shot after reading the stellar reviews.Drink prices aren't great outside of happy hour.  The guy who works the door purposely slammed it in our faces on the first visit (in a blizzard no less) and made rude comments to a birthday girl on the second.  Asked the bartender for a beer recommendation and he brought us the most expensive beer available without warning us.Even though you can't beat the drink prices during happy hour there is no way I'd go back.  Not worth the crowd and the discourteous people who work there.
1	If you aren't wearing toms, skinny jeans, and those large hipster glasses, do yourself a favor and don't come here.  And that applies to the guys as well as the girls.Older (30ish) crowd, pricey beers, RUDE staff, bartenders who don't know the beer, gross bathroom, massive amounts of hipster/hippie pretension.  When the door guy is mean to you because you smiled... you know you're in the wrong place.  I've heard the happy hour is good, but I will never try it.Yes it's free of college kids, but when the alternative to that is a bunch of older judgmental people trying to be scene, I'd rather hit up Great Dane or one of the other places with a friendlier crowd and better beer specials.  Try King & Mane.
4	genna's is definitely one of the best bars in the immediate square area, in my opinion (especially now that the local tavern has morphed into some lame english pub). anyway, there's a good beer list and the bartenders know their stuff. i like that there are two floors and more seating options than just tables. they play great music (although they could turn it down a smidge) and the decor is perfect.to everyone who bitches that this place is too hipster- you belong at the dane with all the other boring people anyway.
4	Genna's has got a very classic feel.  I dig this place.It's welcoming, the staff is decent and the drinks are solid.  It's a place to relax, grab a table with some friends, have a few too many drinks and listen to some GREAT music - You know a place is good when they take their jukebox seriously.  If you're looking for a college bar, this isn't it...  It definitely can be a hip and pretentious at times, but who cares.  Have another drink and quit worrying about it
3	Fun place. Bars both upstairs and downstairs. The bartender was helpful, and very funny.
4	I did not go inside so this review is for the patio.  Great location.  Right by the capital and the bike renting kiosks :)  Genna's has a pretty big patio great for people watching at a busy intersection of town.  Good brews on tap! After a brew on Genna's patio, I recommend renting a bike for $10/day and seeing all the wonderful sites around Madison.  Cuz that is what I did and it was FUN!
5	My favorite bar in Madison!  Among other things, the place attracts an interesting crowd -- which makes for some solid people-watching.  Great place to grab a drink and relax with some friends.
5	My favorite bar in the world, except when I'm bar-backing there. You'll never find more fun and funny bartenders or interesting regulars. Look for me. I'll be the really loud guy with a Southern accent swilling Maker's Mark on the rocks. Oh, and I'm easy.
4	Genna's is one of the best bars in Madison, hands down.  If you are up by the state capital, and you want a frosty beverage, head to Genna's.  Genna's is special to locals and grad students.  It is mainly free of undergrads, so if you are looking to meet someone they will most likely be over the age of 21.  It also has that cozy, yet slightly retro vibe to it, that makes it feel like the bar hasn't changed in 20 years.  They have an upstairs where they have a DJ on the weekends that spins solid tunes.  And outside they have a large patio where you can enjoy a cold spotted cow (local beer, try it, you'll be happy you did).They have a solid beer list as well, and the drinks are reasonably priced.  All in all its good people watching and good times.  Don't miss out if you are in Madison for an evening.
4	Stopped here near the end of a night, and it was definitely a nice, relaxed place to finish, even if it was really crowded.  Drinks were poured generously, and the service was pretty friendly, all things considered.  In addition, you get a pretty decent chaser beer along with the Bloody Mary here, which is nice.  The upstairs is also much less crowded than downstairs, and has its own bar.
5	Genna's is the ultimate happy hour spot, especially during the summer. We have a group of friends who meet here on a regular basis for "HH." Get here early to grab a seat outside, and enjoy the people-watching and good weather. Oh, and the free munchies...
1	The ruddiest bartenders you will ever encounter. I asked for a recommendation for a drink the pregnant bartender said "no" and walked away.
4	Genna's is a awesome bar. Great outdoor seating in the summer time and the best funky door bathroom in Madison. The drinks are tasty and not too strong. I went on a friday and they had snacks like carrots and chips and salsa. I wasn't sure if it was for a special group so I asked the bartender if it was ok to eat and she said go for it, it's happy hour. Love it! For those that think this is a hipster or hippie bar, welcome to Madison (the part of the city that is not college kids). Maybe check out an Irish pub or something.
5	I love it! This bar is so great, intimate, and much more spacious than you'd expect! It fulfills my desire for a "dive" bar combined with a very quirky, personal, homey atmosphere.
3	My friend and I got to Genna's around 8:30 after dinner, figuring we would start our night early. We got there and found ourselves surrounded by married couples and older collegues. What. But we figured we'd give the place a shot anyway - the raving reviews from our friends couldn't have been for nothing. The bar is a repurposed apartment unit, and it definitely has the cozy/homey feel to it that is hard to find in most late-night establishments. I loved the decor and the high ceilings. The fireplace and the doorways were also a nice touch. But that is where my fascination with Genna's ended. Two big no-nos for me:First, the restroom was disgusting...All I could think about when I was in the restroom was how many people had done the dirty in that one filthy little stall. Gross. Minus one star for you, Genna. Second, I asked for a whiskey sour for my first drink and got a whiskey soda instead. Big difference. Big booboo on the part of the bartender. But the drink was cheap and so I didn't complain. Booze is booze is booze. Then, I headed back to the bar for a second drink, looking for something sweet&sour but not knowing exactly what I wanted. I asked the bartender for a suggestion and he made me a Moscow Mule. Once again, the drink was cheap, so I didn't complain, but if you've ever dissolved an airborne tablet in water...that's what it tasted like. Minus another star for you, Genna. Other than that, the service is friendly and attentive, and the place seems to attract a good crowd that slowly transforms as the night goes on (30-40s around 8PM to 25-30s around 9:30PM). It was actually pretty fun to watch the transformation as it happened!Final verdict: I don't think I'd mind coming back with the right group of friends, but Genna's is far far down the list from my go-to bar...
3	Hits: personable staff, happy hour snacks and outdoor seatingMisses: minimum to use cards and hit or miss bathroom cleanlinessHints: it gets warm upstairs, sit outside if its an option.
4	Sure, the staff can be rude and the bathrooms are never very clean...but Genna's attracts such an eclectic crowd that you sort of give them a pass on the minor imperfections.  They make great drinks which don't break the bank, there are never throngs of college kids here, and the outdoor seating is among Madison's best.  It beats having a drink at TGI Friday's, kids...
4	Genna's has quickly become a favorite place to stop after a dinner or show downtown. It's got a cool atmosphere, isn't overrun by college students, and has a good beer and drink selection.My only complaint was the lack of cleanliness in the bathrooms. I'm cool with the way the embrace graffiti-ed walls, but that doesn't mean that the facilities can't be clean!
4	Now that I've had an opportunity to sit upstairs at Genna's and downstairs at Genna's I can safely say I'm a fan.Ah who am I kidding, I was a fan the moment I walked in on a blustery day in December when everything else was closed because of the snowpocalypse but they opened up to serve me alcohol. Well, not just me. There were a couple of other people there. Genna's would totally be my "Cheers" if it weren't for the following things:1. There's no great seat at the bar, you're always in someones way.2. It's a who's who of Epic employees and it fills up fast on the weekend when they reunite on the capitol after not seeing one another for a day. 3. There's no live studio audience. There are a ton of things though I dig, including Ale Asylum's Nutbrown on tap (please never do away with this), the cool nooks and crannies upstairs for sitting, the local music scene, the SUPER attentive staff and the random ass wreath situation that was going on in December. Whacked out greenery decked the walls by a local artist and I have to say there was more than one occasion where $45 seemed like a fair price for a one of a kind wreath on crack. I distinctly remember one night looking at 3 different ones wondering which was better, but I was never drunk enough to go through with it and always wondered what it would be like to walk my purchase down East Wash back home. Ahhhhh, why am I so practical!
5	Cool place - older crowd early on around 7pm - 35+ ...service excellent. Younger people coming in as we were moving on - around 10pm.
4	I went to Genna's Lounge for the first time last Saturday night for the monthly Madison Urban Spoken Word event. It featured a slam, an open mic, and a feature poet, all accompanied by sweet live music (mostly percussion). I really loved this event so I naturally liked the venue.The event was on the second floor of Genna's which has a bar of its own, several tables, a bathroom, and a stage. There were a lot of people there so it was very packed! The room shape didn't really facilitate the best viewing experience because in many seats it was hard to see around walls and stuff to the stage. It is a tiny place.It was a very cool environment and place to be. As most of these reviews say, the place is pretty divey, and the bathroom pretty gross (reusable towel on a roll, I hate those!), but the event, ambiance, and people more than made up for it.I'll definitely be going again.
3	I like that Genna's in the early part of the day.  You can have a seat and enjoy their vast selection of beers.  I am always impressed by their staff and their service..HOWEVER!  After 9?  Not my scene.  It is SO loud and so packed.  The bathroom upstairs is place right off of the path to the bar.  It is so congested and never comfortable.  The music is not very trendy so they have a niche crowd.  If you plan to drink a ton, do not go upstairs if you are wearing heels.  The stairs are steep and as a lady who likes to wear wedges, it is not conducive to boozing.    This is definitely a place I like to hit up early evening on a summer day.  They have a nice outdoor patio.
5	There's a spot within my heart reserved exclusively for Genna's.  Great weekly Happy Hour pricing, fun and friendly staff and location relative to the Capital Square make this a "must stop" on Saturday mornings after the farmer's market.  I did read prior comments about the upstairs bathroom, and yes, I agree, it's a total disaster zone up there (I wonder if the lock has been fixed).  I generally stay on the main floor.The outdoor patio area is the place to be mid-afternoon on a sunny day!
3	I like this place; it feels a touch like the place to go if you want to be seen - you know, similar to LA's "The Ivy" or "The Palm" but without the celebrities or paparazzi.The outdoor seating area is enjoyable; table service was fairly prompt, despite the sea of people doing their best to impede the servers path from bar to patio. I saw some pretty talented manuevers from the servers as the night progressed.Drink prices were a tad high - $5 pints for most things; happy hour does afford a 40% discount for certain brews and drinks.And, I did (insert loud gasp) visit the restroom here... and I don't understand some of the reviews that reference how sketchy or bad they are. Seemed like a normal, well lit, clean restroom to me (and I'm a neat freak). So... I'm unlikley to make this a regular, must-stop place for drinks, but if I found myself on the square, thirsty and wanting to enjoy a good pub, I'd swing by.
4	What a great happy hour! Super prices and free nacho bar. Genna's is a great place to go and unwind with friends after work. They also seem to be a dog-friendly bar (there were three in the bar one night while I was there) which is a little weird, but I'm ok with it!
4	Wow, this place was very cool.  The bartenders were not the friendliest, speediest, or most helpful duo I have ever encountered, but they were okay.  Super awesome vibe, really fun jukebox.  Small but diverse beer selection.  I'd go back.
3	A solid spot for lounge-lizarding at Genna's Lounge.  We sat outside on a warm summer Madison evening enjoying mojitos.  The waitress asked if we'd like to start a tab...seemed like a good idea.  She then asked to take my credit card and hold on to it...not a good idea; we'll pay cash.The other odd thing about the evening was the homeless dude who shambled up to the table next to us and started a conversation with them.  After the usual exchange of pleasantries, the gentleman shambled off to parts unknown.  What was remarkable about this situation was the killer bike he had; I wish I could afford a $2k bike.  Was this bike a gift?  Was it obtained mischievously?  I'm not sure, but I do know that he can cruise Madison with the minimal effort that only carbon fiber can bring.
3	Small. This bar is really small. If you want to sit and chat with friends, not the best option because there isn't a whole heck of a lot of seating. It is two stories, so it allows for a little variety as Genna's has the feel of two bars in one. The first floor played a lot of Top 40 music while the upstairs had experimental, open house, music. It was strange, I was not a fan, but the place was packed up there. It was quickly followed by open mic comedy night. I don't think I need to revisit the upstairs section (there is a bar up there too), but now that I have moved within a few blocks, I'm sure I'll be back once in a while.
4	Perfect mix of capitol workers, lawyers, Teaching Assistants, random hipsters that were looking for Merchant but decided to stay, and me and my girlfriend.  Seating is at a premium (especially if the upstairs is closed).  People are friendly, there is a decent tap list, and one of the few places that serves a Pimm's Cup with the required cucumber.  Be sure to check out the Happy Hour...good specials on rail drinks and beer of the day but the clear highlight is the meatball, cheese, and chips/salsa table where you can gorge to your hearts content.  During Farmer's Market Saturday, the outdoor patio is stellar for people watching.
5	Loved it! Only sat downstairs at the bar but the bartenders were attentive and fast while making good drinks. Duke Erikson from the band Garbage strolled in and was hanging at the bar, his band is one of my favorites so I went up to say hello and he was very nice. Local and lively place which I really enjoyed.
5	We booked the upstairs room for a private party recently and were absolutely thrilled with how it turned out. Not only did we have the room and our own bartender for a super reasonable amount, they put linens on the tables for us and set up a large table for us to bring food in. Everyone was super friendly and helpful. I couldn't be happier! If only I had more special occasions to book private parties...
5	The most reasonable and properly mixed martinis in Madison!I have been a patron of Genna's since my late college days, and I have always enjoyed the ambiance. Yes, there can be a bit of a hipster pretentiousness at times, but overall the customers are friendly, and the bartenders and waitstaff are laid back yet get their jobs done. It can be fun to chill outside during the warmer months in their outdoor seating area.I also enjoy lounging upstairs depending on who is bartending up there. I was sold on the place for life, as I once fell, ass bouncing on every step, down the stairs. I barely spilled a drop of my martini, and the bouncer just looked at me and stated, "dude, that was awesome."If you want good drink specials, especially martinis that are not overpriced, this is a great spot to hang.
2	Saw this bar from our hotel and figured it would be nice to walk across the street for a drink. However, we waited for over 15 minutes and had several waiters walk by while making eye contact and did not once ask us if we wanted anything. I could understand that if it was busy but it was a Wednesday night with less than half the tables full.  Only reason it got 2 stars is because it was a beautiful night out and the place would have been cool if it wasn't for the lack of service...
5	We recently had our rehearsal dinner in Genna's upstairs bar area in Madison. They were very accommodating and all of our guests had a great time! They set up tables for our food (which we had catered from Frabonis) and gave us our own bartender. Jay, our bartender was super nice and helped us manage our tab all night.  We had so much fun talking to him and he really went above and beyond to make sure our fam and friends had a great time! We highly recommend renting the upstairs for any special event.
5	Locals only...I love this place!  Super warm environment.  Kind of that Cheers vibe - everyone knows your name.  Best Bloody Mary offerings around.
