5	The beige carpet on my stairs was practically black, embarrassingly enough, and I didn't think there was any way to save it.  I called bunch of carpet cleaning places and Personal Touch was the most responsive and also the cheapest.  I figured I'd give it a shot and if this didn't work, the next step was new carpet.They did a great job and the carpet looks like new!  They use hot water stream extraction so no soap is left in the carpet to attract more dirt, like when I tried to clean it myself.  $139 for about 1,000 square foot.  Really, can't beat it.  I'm definitely using them at least once a year to keep my carpet looking like new.
5	I too have beige carpet in our main living area, and it shows all of the tracks and my 8 month old's spit up stains.  Per the previous feedback, I thought I would give this place a chance.  So glad I did!  They are a small family owned business which lends itself to excellent personal service.  I called and got an appt within a week.  I also had to move my appt 48 hours before hand, and they were SUPER flexible working with my schedule.I had 1 family room area cleaned, and Brian was in and out in about 40 minutes!  It looks absolutely amazing I will definitely call them the next time I need my carpets cleaned!  Thank you personal touch carpet cleaning:)
4	As part of my rental agreement I had to get the carpet professionally cleaned at my old apartment. After doing a little research for a company with decent prices and good reviews, I decided to go with Personal Touch. Honestly ecofriendliness wasn't a concern and I don't have any known sensitivities to cleaners, but I was informed by the property managers that the person moving in after me was sensitive to certain things. I gave them the info for Personal Touch and I guess they checked out. I don't know exactly what they were looking for but just an fyi for other people who are sensitive that this may be a good option. They quoted me something like $79 as a special offer going on at the time. Sweet price!I believe a day or so in advance they called to confirm my appointment and price, and said that since they had changed computer systems they did not have my original quote. They gave me the price of about $109, and honestly I knew that it had been lower, but I was in the middle of moving and not willing to dig everywhere to find that quote. It wasn't a huge price difference but the principle of it slightly irritated me. Oh well.The day came and the gentleman showed up a bit early, and told me it would be about 1 hour to clean my 1 bedroom, roughly 700 square foot apartment. I left and came back about 45 min later to find him finishing up. The carpet looked great, even though he had told me it was very lightly soiled, and he said it would take x amount of time to dry and gave me plastic covers for my shoes.Overall the service was great, both in customer service and the actual job. The price thing was a bit of a peeve but the service was very friendly both over the phone and in person. I would use them again and have my quoted price handy next time!
