3	Disclaimers and qualifiers first.  Every child is different and every family is different in their educational needs and priorities and every child learns differently.  One school may be the perfect place for one child and not ideal for another. So our experience has been pretty widespread.Lets start with safety.  You can always find state inspections on the state website for licensed child-care facilities.  These inspections will tell you a lot of useless things but will also provide light on some useful things such as if there is a valid fire safety plan and are all of the teacher background checked and fingerprinted.  Keep in mind that every facility will have a few citations.  This is how the state makes money.  The other safety feature I liked about this school is that there is only one entrance/exit door and that is through the front.  So the likelihood of a run-away child is nearly impossible.
5	Great place for your kids. Our son loves his teachers and the environment feel very safe and secure. He has learned a lot and always surprises us with new great things.
5	Absolutely wonderful! My daughter has never been happier to go to preschool. The staff is great, the teachers are wonderful. She always has little projects to bring home, and I'm really happy with my overall experience so far. I feel comfortable with the layout of the school, and I know my daughter's safe.
5	My two sons were previously at an in home day care which was great. In transitioning to full time "school" daycare my older son took it pretty hard. However, his teacher, who I am forever grateful for, took him under her wing before her shift. She got to know him, made a connection with him, and reassured him that what he was feeling was ok. She completely changed my son for the better and now he hates to miss school. My younger son bonded with his teacher right away and transitioned wonderfully. I was constantly reassured and made to feel like my sons were valued and appreciated. That is important to me. Within a day or two, everyone in the whole place knew all of our names, it was like family. They are safe, taught something new everyday, cared and even loved. It really is a blessing. I recommend them, but I know how personal of a decision it is.  Just my thoughts.
5	Overall good experience here. The teachers are willing to help and give you daily updates on your child's progress with learning. Our child likes to go here and has made many friends. We would recommend Valley Child Care.
5	We love this school for our 4 year old son. He has been going there for about a year and has loved both of the teachers he has had in his 2 different classrooms. He has a peanut allergy so I love the fact that they are peanut free. I don't have to worry when he is there. The office staff is very nice and the teachers as well. Ms. Lindsey is very good with her students and there are lots of crafts and neat thing involved in their learning. They also get outside time which is important to us. I would recommend this school to anyone.
5	Jen S. I would agree with you 100 % I mean come on lady are you that stupid to think people would listen to you Kathy R. You make me laugh. There WORK speaks for itself. But I would like to say I absolutely love Ms. Lindsey she always takes the time to talk to you about your child! She understand my child more then anyone else. He is a handful but I know with her he is loved, and understood. We have been in many daycares that just kicked us out and didn't even help. But here the office staff helped us get help for out son and worked with us. So if they are faking it they should win an award. Cause they are amazing actors. Oh it is my understanding that this is Lindsey first year at Valley Childcare for the office to hire a teacher like her then they must be doing something right! KATHY R go find something else to do then posting false information. For what it's worth those are my thoughts.
