5	This is a fantastic hole-in-the-wall. These guys were originally located in L.A., so the place may seem familiar to some. For serious film fans into collecting vintage posters, lobby cards and stills this is about as good as it gets. They have a massive selection of just about anything and everything printed you can think of. My friend was able to score dozens of stills he needed for some clients. I walked away with an original poster for 1974's "Rider on the Rain" starring Charles Bronson for only $20. The place is small and unassuming from the outside; you'd never know what treasures await inside as most would probably pass it off as some cheesy video store. But, rest assured, this is a goldmine of vintage and rare Hollywood materials. It's only about 20 min. outside of Vegas, so anyone traveling to Sin City that has a true appreciation for cinema would do well to make a stop here.
5	located in Hollywood for nearly 20 years, this establishment can not be beat for an incredible, deep inventory of all kinds of paper memorabilia!Terrific and helpful staff...see their listings on eBay often...if you can't visit them in person! Kudos to all!
5	Every time I go to a convention and need some posters I go here first.  Awesome selection.  The staff is friendly and patient.  They have rolled and folded posters behind the counter.  Bring a "wish list" and get some great stuff.  New posters delivered weekly.
5	Fantastic store with lots of cool movie, tv, and other entertainment memorabilias. The staff is courteous, friendly, and extremely knowledgable.  You could spend hours and hours going through their photos and posters. If you can't find what you're looking for, just ask. They just might have what you're looking for.  They got so much stuff, they can't display them all!
5	Just found this spot and sadly they are closing soon. If you are an avid fan of old movies, especially rare original posters and movie cards, this is the place to check out. They do carry current titles as well but I am a huge fan of terrible B movies and they had a fantastic selection. They also have t-shirts and old product advertisements. I plan on going back several times before they close their doors.
4	As a bonafide movie geek and serious cinema collector, I'm so happy that we have a shop like this in town. While the inventory has gown downhill in recent years, I'm glad they have been able to stay open. The vintage posters sold on consignment are cool (though that rare Revenge of the Jedi one sheet has been in there for years now) but the new posters are mostly reprints. If you need help tracking down an original poster, the owners are glad to help. The 5x7 and 8x10 photos are mostly reprints (and poor, blurry reprints at that). Some decent lobby cards but most of them aren't really worth buying. I still like this shop and I encourage all movie buffs to stop in and buy something; let's keep them open!
