4	I effin love Rubios! They have a great product, relaxing atmosphere and the service is fast and friendly. Its a great spot for a light lunch. Several healthy options to choose from. Try any of the salads, the health mex tacos or the grilled mahi mahi tacos. So good. Soooo good.
5	I love this Rubios!!! The shrimp tacos, bean burrito enchilada style, fish tacos, and veggi burrito are AMAZING! I have never had bad food at this location and anytime I am in AZ, this is the one place I have to go. All of the different sauces on the items are great, all the food is really fresh, and the staff is always friendly. I love the four different kinds of salsa's they have at the salsa bar. For "fast" mexican food that is always good, this is my favorite and I would send anyone to this location.
5	Looking for a place to get cheap and quick Mexican food? Look no further than Rubio's! I don't know what they add to their food to make them so addictive but I can't get enough of their shrimp tacos or their burritos! Service is always excellent. Bonus points go to the guacamole appetizer!
5	We loooooove Rubio's !!My husband & myself miss this place all summer when we are home in BC. Everything is freshly prepared and seasoned just right,Help yourself to cilantro, salsa, chipolte salsa and peppers at the salsa bar. I miss my Grande Bowl (consisting of black beans, rice, lettuce,with amazing dressing) with chicken and guacomole.My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Healthy food and consistently great.
5	Couldn't wait to get back for winters in Arizona. Stopped by Rubio's Mexican Grill yesterday and as usual, what a tasty treat ! I wish this chain would open up in Canada.The staff smile & say they love their jobs. That says a lot about how a place is run.. Everything is freshly prepared to order. Love their salsa bar. The seasoning on their grilled chicken is outstanding and and their Grande Bowl ( my fave) was as usual, not only delicious but also nutritious. Consistently great !! We are regulars in winter.
4	You go here for the Fish Tacos, period.  I much prefer the flour tortillas vs the corn, but thats me.  2 tacos is a good portion, and the service is usually very good.
3	Rubio's is right by my house and I was starving one day on my way home. I ran in just to get chips and salsa because I am a gluten free vegan (most of the time) and when I mentioned this to the manager he made up a meal for me so I could have a full lunch. Awesome customer service! My meal was delicious too!
4	The best fast food fish taco I've had!
4	4 out of every 5 times we come here it's phenomenal, once in a while they're off their game and the food is no bueno but it's rare.
3	Good food and customer service but EXPENSIVE for what you get.
4	They have really good fish tacos and they use to have a blackened mahi mahi that was amazing they changed that to another type of mahi mahi that is still pretty good but I miss the old style.
5	I've tried just about everything Rubios has to offer. I have liked everything, but my favorite is the fish taco. The service is good, but the tacos, mmmmboy!
4	The best fast food fish taco I've had!
5	I think this is one of my new favorite spots. I don't remember ever eating at a Rubio's before. I'm sorry I haven't.I wanted to meet my girlfriend on her side of town for dinner and after bouncing around a few different choices we settled on this one. Great choice. I got the original fish taco 2 taco plate. I got it with rice and black beans. She got a bean and cheese burrito. We split an order of chips and guacamole.Everything was so good. The chips were nice and crisp. They guacamole was fresh and very tasty. We thought it was a little small but then realized it was only a dollar so for that it was great.The fish tacos were awesome. Perfectly battered. The sauce they put on them is so good. That is what puts it over the top. The restaurant was very clean and the staff was very nice. Even when I got chips instead of the rice I substituted they had no problem switching it out. The prices are very reasonable too.My girlfriend said she likes just about everything on the menu. I can't wait to come back and try more things. In fact I didn't. The next day I went to another location by me for lunch.It may be a fast food chain but it is so good and cheap that I will be back again and again.
2	I hate writing bad reviews, but this has been the second time I have left less than satisfied...First time: I repeated myself numerous times letting them know I was HIGHLY allergic to any dairy and couldnt have the cheese or cream on the dish... she acknowledged and when I picked up my order, I double checked with the people making the food and they also confirmed there was no dairy.  So much to my suprise, I get back to my office and the bowl up to find cream sauce under the avocados.  :-(  I called in, and they did offer to replace my bowl, but my work is quite far and I was already back at work unable to leave again for a "second lunch" since I was the only one in the office.  Which meant no lunch for me that day...So I thought I would give them another try... this time I got food for myself and someone else at the office.  Everyone was very nice, just as before, but I had to wait a while for my partners food since they had run out of chicken... okay, no big deal.  Well I get back to the office and my food was cold- they clearly had just let mine sit there the entire time as opposed to making his and mine at the same time.  Sad day Rubios, but I will not be back.On the bright side- my coworker loved his meal!
5	Absolutely great service. So friendly. Amazing food. They did mess my food up recently, I called and the manager said she was so sorry and took my name down and said she would take care of me next time. Next time I are my whole meal was free. Awesome place.
4	We love 1/2 price Taco Tuesday!!!  Always fresh and delish!  Can't eBay fish tacos for 1.50 each!
2	Mmmm Good (and I'm not talking soup)My first time to Rubio's was awesome.  The girl at the counter was very helpful and knowledgable. She gave some great suggestions and boy were they ever right.  I LOVED the Tilapia fish taco.  Somehow before I tried it the words 'fish' and 'taco' just never seemed to go together.  Now that I've had it, I'm still not sure. Thanks for a great experience.  I may try some more at another time.
2	I used to Love this place...but when I went recently, it really changed. They seem to be taking shortcuts on the food. My daughter asked for a bean and cheese burrito. Plain...they put some kind of sauce in it and seemed bothered when she went up to get it corrected. The girl pushed the burrito back at her and said, well...you might as well keep it because we are just going to throw it away. We sat there and waited for a little while. As we waited...2 more people's orders were wrong. Wish they would get it right again. I used to love their food
