3	Solid Mexican food with good prices and friendly service.  The chips are flour rather than corn, which is unique, and theyre superfresh. Nice and LONG happy hour(s) 2PM-6PM everyday.
4	Very solid Mexican restaurant.  Decent prices, good food, great margaritas.
4	I absoulutely love a good mexican meal, and I loved this place. I had the enchiladas and I was so impressed by the way it was presented to me! I was also VERY happy with the prices, and will definately go there again. The service was ok, but the food did it for me. I think I put on about 5 pounds, but don't even care... I'll go to the gym on friday.lol
4	We decided to have Mexican food at Que Bueno's before the "trick or treat" kids came to the house. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of food. The server was friendly and really paid close attention to us, filling our drink and water glasses without having to ask. I had the Sanchez Special which was two enchiladas, one with chicken and the other with shredded beef covered with a cream of mushroom sauce. The enchildadas were packed full of meat and flavor. My wife had the taco and enchilada which were just as good. Not a bad place for good food, friendly and fast service.
3	Took the family here tonight they have a full bar and outside seating which is nice although we sat inside.  As you walk in you cant help but notice the many salsa awards propped up in the corner for both hot and mild salsas.  Although Ive had better I would certainly say that theirs is the best restaurant salsa that Ive tasted in the valley.  My wife ordered the pablano pepper and said it was a little spicy because it came with the seeds in it but she liked it.  I had what they call the Accupplulo Chicken or something like that basically a Chicken Burro with Cream Cheez Sauce on it.  Presentation was fair taste was good.  Kids had the beef tacos they where good.  Service and Pricing was Good.  All in all certainly not bad but when your salsa is better than your food you get three stars.  They also serve  breakfast and the prices looked very reasonable for Fountain Hills so we will go back to see if its better than the dinner menu.
1	Que Bueno=Que BarfoSeriously...who puts iceberg lettuce in nachos? They were so disgusting I will not be returning again ever. This is your typical greasey nasty Mexican Food. El Encanto is way better. Hands down.
5	Whenever I go here all I can think is margarita, margarita, margarita lol I love  their special Sanchez sauce!  Their green chili is different then most, but I still enjoy it (which from my other reviews you can see I'm a hard critic).  Recently they started serving a hot and mild version of their salsa with chips when you arrive.  I love to mix the two!!! Service was great ... I can't tell you much about their rice, but I can say I will keep on going back!
1	Who puts rice & beans ON the sizzling fajita griddle? Had to literally scrape off plate. Chicken was bland & not seasoned. Would much rather patronize Senor Taco, the little hole in the wall, down the street.
2	I used to love this place. No more...The pico de gallo used to win awards, but now it's bland. The guac is a version of the creamy goop you get in a bag from the super market... No thank you.I'm a huge fan of pork flautas, but this came out as a gigantic thing that looked as if it were wrapped in some weird pastry batter. Didn't taste much better.Looking for Mexican in Fountain Hills? Try something else.
3	Great food & service, my wife and both love the fajita's.
1	It's difficult to even write this review because it's a memory I would rather delete. This restaurant is an eyesore from the door and the food was just as tragic. On a positive note the warm chips and salsa gave me initial hope but that was quickly lost when the main food arrived. Frozen food quickly cooked has a distinct taste that I can easily replace at home. The bonus was being charged $.75 for extra ranch dressing. Nice 1000% mark-up there. Que Lamo?
1	Disgusting and overpriced cheap food.
1	Will never go to this place again.  Gross is an understatement.  Had to send my dish back as it made McDonalds look good.  Strange atmosphere.  Don't reallyfeel like going on about this place as it sucked.  Just don't go.
1	The cheese enchilada was pretty good. But the grounded beef taco was horrible! I think Taco Bell makes better grounded beef taco. I wouldn't come back again.
2	I really wanted to like this place prior to going here however, I can't. The customer service and environment are good but the food is dry and tasteless. I've eaten here 4 times thinking each time it might be better but, unfortunately it is not. My advice is to reduce the menu of stale frozen dishes and have fresh dishes even if it means having less items on the menu to choose from.
5	I've eaten at Que Bueno several times, and the food has always been great! I would totally recommend the Sanchez Special, which is enchiladas in a special cream sauce, or the shrimp burrito, especially if you like some spice! The fajitas are good too and my dad practically scraped our bowl of spicy bean dip clean. The beer is served really cold, which is quite refreshing, and the margaritas have always been good as well. I am so confused by some of these negative reviews. They sound like nothing I have ever experienced at this restaurant. I would recommend Que Bueno to anyone looking for some good, authentic Mexican food.
1	It started good with warm chips and salsa but that quickly changed. The tap beer tasted awful due to dirty tap lines. The margaritas weren't much better and overly sweet. Should have left at this point but decided to try the food since we were already there. ...... Big mistake!  I don't know how you mess up fajitas at a Mexican restaurant but these were by far the worst I have ever had. The chicken looked microwaved and had absolutely no seasoning.  I was only able to choke one down by drowning it in salsa. Please do yourself a favor and take a pass on this place.
4	Great salsa and chips! The atmosphere is a bit bright in the restaurant area. I like the shredded beef nachos a lot. Good margaritas too. The guacamole was a bit salty the two times we ordered it though.
5	Food and service is great. I love the salsa and chips. We eat here a couple times a week. Food comes out fast and always correct. Friendly servers!
5	Visited this place from out of town and was pleasantly surprised. The chips and salsa was great. Took some salsa home for a great price. I had the shrimp terriyki with rice and it was delicious. Everyone else at the table enjoyed their lunch too. Good food, the bathroom had one stall out of service and the place was a little run down. But the food made up for it.
