5	Okay i intern next door and showed up real early to my meeting and was hungry so i decided to walk on over there and grab a bite.WOW so worth it! the owners are sooo friendly and were talking to me about how everything is made fresh and "all natural, no msg". They also gave me horchata "rice water" which was a homemade recipe and amazingly delicious. I hate horchata normally but this one i could drink all day! To be honest i am glad i stopped and finally found phoenix's good and authentic mexican food. (it isn't good if it isn't authentic).oh yeah, i got the breakfast burro cause i was itching for some eggs this morning...i am pretty sure i found the place i want to try menudo at..I am going to be back... A LOT
4	Stopped by for lunch with my sisters after a hike up South Mountain.  We tried the carne asada tacos, which had a good grill flavor.  We ate in, not sure if it's different if it's to go, but we got two little trays of salsa-red and green which were both very good.  We both had horchata which I liked but my sis didn't.  I thought it was real because it was grainy like just made, but she thought it was a powdered mix and milky..anyhoo....I had a side of beans which I thought were really good but my sister was pretty sure they were canned.  I don't believe her and I don't think she believed herself because she also ended up getting a bean and cheese burrito after she was done with her tacos and loved it!Along with my tacos, I tried their green chile empanada, which was cheesy and really good but also really big!  I tried to eat it all.....The prices were decent for the food.We were satisfied with our experience and would like to try some of their other items on a future occassion.Staff was really friendly, and it's covered outside seating
4	I go to this part of town sometimes to visit.  We've gone several times to Chiltepin, as there's this dish called blondie or 'guera', I believe, that my sister's rave about (the name may not be advertised that way).  I tried it and it was damn tasty - loaded with lots of veggies (pico-style) and other mexican-style ingredients (meats, beans, etc).  They are good with portion sizes as I bought a burrito here that was ginormous... and the beans were yummy.The owners are a Latin (don't know their exact background) husband and wife couple and I'm pretty sure they do all the work themselves (ie. prep, cook, serve, clean, etc) as I've never seen anyone else there.  They are very friendly and I think that friendliness/neighborliness and their food quality is the main reason my family and I still go here.  They seem to be improving from the first few months when we had tried them and their service was sssslloooow.. they are much quicker now (experience, I think) and their quality is still good.  I think they now accept card, but I usually pay cash to small businesses...I would suggest they keep their menu limited and not so vast.. especially for a new start-up, you want to make sure you can deliver what you say in a timely manner and not waste product.. if you have a surprlus of product because your menu is vast, you are wasting and not meeting your cycle time for customer service... Out of all the shady taco/burrito/tostada places on Central in SoPho, I choose this one to go to because of the owners and operators.
4	very fresh food..the prices are comparable to any other place but the food is much better..
5	I work next door and make sure to come here atleast once a week.  By far the best mexican food in the area.  Everything they make is incredibly fresh.  I love their pork and their Carne.
5	Chile Colorado Gorditas the best stuff ever
