3	This was our second attempt here. We tried a few days before, and the dining room was completely full, and we didn't feel like freezing out on the patio (BTW, they did have heat lamps going). Being from NJ, I'm terribly critical of any Italian place, whether it be a chain or "authentic" (which I havn't found any chicken francaise in this state). We stopped here on a Monday night-The interior was small, and actually felt like a real pizza joint. So right away, they got some points from me.There were 2 other occupied tables.They gave us some garlic knots while we waited which was a very nice treat.I had a meatball sandwich which was really good-and my husband has a chicken parm sandwich..also good, and i liked that you had a choice of white or wheat sub bread.I havn't tried the pizza yet, but as far as hot sandwiches go, we'll be back.Server was really friendly and attentive.
4	This is a small, quiet and comfortable pizza place that channels old New York with city decor. The seating consist of square tables and chairs-very simple and straight to the point. I must say that this location is hard to find because it is tucked away in the corner of the plaza. The menu had excellent choices for pasta, subs and pizza at reasonable prices. The time it took to make our 10" pepperoni-pineapple pizza was sensible. I truly enjoyed every bite!!!
5	I don't know how many years I have been going to SONY, and I have never been disappointed. Sandwiches, pizzas, beverages are all delicious, have a great appearance and the prices are right. Love the people working there.
3	Hubs & I have ordered from Streets probably more than 20 times since we moved into our house in the summer of 08. So this review is based on delivery only, since we have yet to actually eat inside the place. I can comment on the girl who takes orders though, such a sweetheart! Any way, here are a few of our fav items on the menu. For apps we love the potato skins w/extra sour cream or the artichoke spinach dip w/extra bread. My hubby loves their garden salad w/oil & vinegar dressing or if he's really craving salad their greek w/no olives. For entrees my hubby loves their meatball sub on white w/fries, the cheese calzone w/pepperoni, or the chicken parm. I too love the calzones, special baked ziti w/sausage, or garlic pasta substituted w/shrimp. Their desserts are pretty bomb too, the passion cookie or chocolate surprise are both yum, w/extra ice cream of course. Oh & they got some new, nifty plastic to go containers, I heart anything I can recycle!
5	Never disappoints! Great food, fun atmosphere and wonderful service. Each time we have eaten at this particular site we have had the same server. He is always calm, polite, social, and very good at what he does. The food is always wonderfully prepared! Just so you know, you can order lunch sizes at dinner, which is always nice for people with smaller appetites. We were not aware of that until our last visit, so this is good to know. If you are ever at this location hope that Jason is your server.
2	Here is my summary of Streets of NY:1) Greek salad-4 stars2) Italian wedding soup-4 stars 3) Pizza-1 star.I've been to NY and this is not NY style pizza. Regardless of that, it simply isn't good. It reminded me Pizza Hut. Do not order the soup if you are on a low sodium diet. The delivery was prompt which was good....I guess.
4	We've been going to SONY for probably ten to twelve years,  and i don't think i've had a bad pizza at this place. We get the lunch special sometimes or go there for a full pizza at dinner. I've never tried the sammiches or other pasta, although they look tasty when they pass by our table enroute to some other customer. I like that they all have patios that you can enjoy when the weather is nice.
5	Great pizzas for very reasonable prices.
1	So ..according to The Sewers of New York, this was 75.00 dollars worth of food?!?! The food was edible and the service was sub par at best, and to top it off when we advised them of our displeasure, they didn't offer to make it right. Thank goodness we still have several days of our family reunion left!
5	Very few places can provide a delicious gluten free pizza and this place is one of them! Not only was the pizza good, but the staff was friendly and the service was speedy.
4	Good pizza, fresh garlic knots, good lunch specials, and nice servers. This is what I get every time I come here. The patio is nice although I would love to see some better seats and tables.  The restaurant is always clean and inviting. Only oddity is when I ordered the Cesar salad it came with tomatoes and red onion slices on it. I order a Cesar salad for a reason that is all I'm saying. I will certainly be back.
4	Saturday was my first time trying streets of New York.  Just moved down the street from this location so we decided to try it after a long day of moving in the rain (THE ONE DAY OF THE YR IT RAINS IN PHOENIX)  We got a large pizza (spinach, artichoke and feta with alfredo sauce)  and 2 small salads. My salad was just ok ....  But that might just be because the pizza was SOOOO AMAZING!   The boyfriend said his Cesar salad was really greatIt is now in my top 3 favorite pizza places.  The guy who took our order was very patient with us as we took forever to decide what to get. I want to try their wings now after Alex P.s reviews.The ONLY reason I didn't give 5 starts is because it is a little pricey.  But I will be back
5	As my wife says, "They are always a 5 star visit". We tried the white pizza with mozzarella, ricotta and bacon and I have to say it was AMAZING!! So much so that my wife had 3 pieces! The kids enjoyed the spaghetti and pizza slice from the kids menu as well. Will visit again when in town next year for sure!!
4	I love the pizza here. I guess I am supposed to comment more. However, I will just stick with my original statement that the pizza is great and deserves a four star review based only on the quality/taste of the pizza.
5	Came in to make an order to go and didn't have to wait too long. The girl at the counter was very nice and took my order right away. She offered water while we waited. The restaurant is kept very clean and they have 3 TV's showing sports. Great service and great food!
1	I've been to other ones and the food is decent I went in here and it took them 15 min to even say hello after I sat at a table. I left and don't want to ever come back.
4	We had a bunch of family members in town for our wedding, and ordered a big to-go order of chicken, salad, potatoes, wedding soup, etc. for dinner. It was fresh, tasty and not very expensive. It was ready in less than 20 minutes and easy to pay/pick up. The establishment was clean and friendly. We typically dine organic, which it wasn't. But we felt good after we ate it, so I'm giving it thumbs up!
