5	We used Nanny's and Granny's last night to look after our toddler while we went to dinner and saw a show.  They were awesome!  The sitter called us the day before to introduce herself and showed us all of her license/background check materials upon arrival.  And Pat was wonderful with our daughter.  She brought a little stuffed toy and a Vegas-bling necklace for her to keep, and by the time we left, they were already playing Candyland.  Our daughter had a great time--and my husband and I had a wonderful and relaxed evening out.  Will definitely use this service again.
5	Jackpot!!!!We came to Vegas for a family trip. We brought our 3 kids. We used the service twice while there. They had the best rates for 3 children and I felt the cost was very reasonable. They where very easy going and open to time changes. We had to change one of our reservation days because we got too tired at the pool and it was no problem. No charge. Angelina was our sitter and she was so kind and very loving. I was able to relax and enjoy my husband because I felt so comfortable with her. I left Vegas feeling like a winner.
5	Went to Vegas for a convention had my daughter with me.  I needed a childcare provider I could trust with my daughter, I called and spoke with Sara about the service they provided.  I booked a time the  sitter showed up on time and connected with my daughter quickly.  I felt comfortable with the service and the price and will use again if in town on business.
5	This service is great! I don't trust anyone with my son but I felt comfortable using this company. Olivia was our nanny for the evening and I think she did a fantastic job and was very attentive. Sarah, the owner is one of the nicest people out there :)
5	We used this service while on vacation in Las Vegas and will definitely use them again when we return. Our nanny Olivia was amazing with our 5 month old little girl. Olivia was prompt, well mannered and most of all really connected to our daughter. When I returned from our night out she was bathed, fed and resting comfortably. I was so grateful and recommend her without any reservation. Prices were fair especially when compared to other providers.
4	I had 2 different babysitters for the 4 nights we went out in LV. Both were great. I would totally rehire them. Totally Worth it (but it's not cheap). Both sitters were Very caring and professional*. I would give 5 stars but at one point I called the agency/ owner for help to reach the sitter - I left 2 voice mail messages but I never heard back. That's just not right. (* As a point of reference, I have 4 month old baby)
5	Sitters were great. Management made a good effort to make better on something that went wrong. I Definitely recommend. I will call them when I am back in town.
