5	Came to this location to get my rear turn signal looked at. They fixed with out charging me and I was very grateful Thank you guys
5	best auto repair in las vegas, steve takes care of you better than anyone else. they do everything, not just tires. after taking my rides to many other recommended shops, these guys repair or replace everything perfect, don't come up with unnecessary charges, and tell you about things that need attention now or in the future.if you worry about getting ripped off at the mechanics, this is where you wanna go, totally honest.
3	Be wary of the upsell.
5	WOW! I would recommend this Tire Works to ANYBODY!  They have top-notch service and truly work to make your experience with them truly enjoyable. Tim at Tire Works is so awesome!  He not only gave us a huge discount when we purchased 8 tires, because we were new to Las Vegas, he also gave us suggestions on Smog Check, Insurance, NV Energy tips, and more! I could tell he actually cared about us as people and not just our money.  This was especially evident when Pepboys quoted us over $1,200 for a new radiator, fan, and thermostat and Tim quoted us $950! I trust him so much that I had my car towed from Pepboys to his shop.  I'm never going to another mechanic ever. :)
5	I love these guy!!!!!! I took my car in to have some work done that was recommended by another auto shop. I miight add.  Stephen the new store manager suggested that i get another vehical inspection to make sure that everything recommended was needed i found out that half the things they recommened was wrong and stephen even took me out the my vehicle and showed me what was wrong and i loved that!!!!! I know im not a car person but just knowing that i got to see what was wrong was way better then being told what needed to be done.  If u want an honest and hard working mechanic then come see these guys they know what they are doing!!! Highly recommended to all my friends and family. Also both stephen and steve are funny andfull of customer service they made me feel at home!!!!! Thanks guys!!!!!!
5	This place is great. One thing I recommend to everyone is to BUY THE WARRANTY. We have been here twice and the service is great as well as the employees. I ran over a damn crowbar and it got stuck inside the tire. Literally, they went ahead and patched the tired and it was good to go for free. I say buy the warranty because you will never know what these idiots drop on the road and you will never know when you might catch something, then you'll end up with a flat and having to buy a whole new tire. I recommend them. Five stars.
