1	This place was the worst place I ever went to. I took my laptop in because it would not boot. I am a patient person so I gave them two weeks before calling and checking in. I was told they needed another week. So I called a week and a half later and was told they had no record of my laptop!! After sitting on the phone with the lady, she found my laptop (unorganized much?) She said someone would call me soon with information on it. No one called. Basically two months after taking it in, I went into the store and demanded my laptop. It was in the back somewhere buried but taken apart. Definitely not fixed at all. He tried to convince me to leave it because it was dangerous for the laptop to be handled dismantled, but I was having none of it. They even had the nerve to charge me! I paid the fee for the quote because it was the only way to get my laptop back.BTW, I am referring to the place in MONONA, just because my profile said I was in Arizona for awhile does not mean that I did not go to this store. Wow people.
5	Great Store,  good prices, and I've used them for 10 years.  I don't know about he Girl from ARIZONA complaining about them, but this store is in MADISON.  Overall I would give them 5 stars.
5	Good small business.  Yes they have a shop is small, but they do the job right the first time, and don't overcharge.
5	Good place
5	I don't know how there isn't more great reviews of this place!! The guys who run this place are awesome and definitely know their stuff. They helped me get ALL of the data off of my hard drive that crashed. I had first taken it to the Geek Squad at Best Buy, who charged me $50 to get only a few files off of it. (Ugh!) The Geek Squad told me that it would cost over $1000 to magnetically retrieve the data off of it. $1000!!! The Computer Repair Pros were able to get ALL of the data off and it only cost me $99. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
5	The first time i took my lap top to this business i had a virus and it took them one day and under $100 to get it fixed, that was about a year ago. The second time my lap top would boot but my screen would stay black. He ran a diagnostic and everything it suggested he tried but it just would not come on. When i picked it up and paid the $25 for the diagnostic he told me about a fix i could try at home and i had about a 50/50 chance it would work. He told me he wouldn't do it because it was a fire hazard and not a "recommended" fix by any professional. He told me to wrap my lap top in heavy towels, turn it on and let it run. Something about a faulty chip and heating up the computer might fix the problem. So i tried it and just after an hour the computer worked! I will always take my computer to this business!
5	First off all Slander is a criminal offense in this state, and D.B  from Arizona has SLANDERED this good business, & most likely never made it into The Computer Repair Pros Store, like she claimed for various reasons : 1st.  She is from Arizona as it mentions on her profile 2. There are no women working at that store, all guys sorry D.B. but you mentioned you talked to a woman.. NOT 3. They have on the wall a 30 day policy, that if you don't call or come back for the computer in 30 days they are not RESPONSIBLE, and it sounds like neither are you.  The Pros strongly disagree with Slander type attacks that cost businesses money by misleading the public, and this IS A CRIMINAL SLANDER ... Jim m. may or may not of been a customer, but : The Pros diagnostic fee is $25, not $39, and we only charge customers $25 if we can't fix a broken machine, not $100 so this sounds fishy too.  WE HAVE COMPLAINED TO YELP ABOUT THIS, YET YELP REFUSES TO REMOVE IT?
