4	From the outside one might think this is a Chinese buffet but it is not. It's best for take-out rather than eating in--having "fast food" ambience but better quality food than most Chinese restaurants in the area. It doesn't really compare to Pei Wei because it only serves Chinese food, but I believe their food is as good as any Chinese dish at Pei Wei. It appears to be a very new restaurant and the young couple running it are working hard to make it successful. I think they will do fine as long as they keep up good customer service.
5	This place is my favorite new Chinese delivery place. They got a huge menu and i have not found single thing that doesn't taste amazing or amaze the person we ordered for.
4	Amazingly, I didn't think this would have any reviews since it still had it's Grand Opening sign out front. Oddly enough, everyone that also reviewed this place only has 1 review to their name. Maybe they made their account because they loved this place so much!?Interesting story on this review. I wanted to get something to eat and I was texting everyone I knew to see if they wanted to meet up somewhere. Nobody responded. However, I was hungry and didn't feel like cooking. So I started driving home to go and look on Yelp for somewhere new to try. Upon my exit I saw a homeless lady and thought... what the hell, why not try a new place with someone new? I wanted company and I'm sure she'd like a meal. So, I turned around and asked her to join me for dinner, which she accepted. So with that said, this review is for both of us - Thanks April.I got the Chicken with Garlic Sauce. April got the General Tso's Chicken. Portions were large enough that neither of us finished our meals. Food was good, but nothing ***spectacular***. Bottom line, would I go back? Absolutely.The service was a little quirky. We were pretty much the only ones in there at first and we were asked every 2-3 minutes if we were doing OK. Not a big deal, but I am sure some would find that annoying. On the bright side, my lemonade was never more than half empty (and I drink like a camel at a watering hole).As another Yelper mentioned, the egg rolls were good. In fact, I may venture to say that they were some of the best I've ever had. They tasted very natural - aka, very green. It was a nice welcome to having ones have mushy lettuce.April gives the place a 4/5.I give it a 4-4.5/5.
4	Well done and inexpensive. The food was tasty and the portions more than adequate. Tried them on Christmas Day and not dissapointed. Vegetables were very fresh. I will go back
4	Ok gang, we just left this place & hurried our goody bag home. FINALLY! What more can I say? Chandler finally has a really good chinese restaurant. They cook your food to order in no time. More importantly...you can recognize the ingredients in your food & it taste great. This is where my gf & I will go when we're jonesing for chinese food.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.Enormous portions, very reasonably priced.Super-fast service.Egg rolls are perfect (fresh on the inside, golden crispy on the outside)Egg drop soup is perfect (very eggy, not a ton of extra ingredients)Great flavors in their entrees (thick savory sauces, juicy chicken)So happy that we've finally found our favorite Chandler Chinese place.
5	I do love this place. They do my favorite food here, mei fun, and they do it REALLY well. The soup is delicious too! And it comes out pretty fast, which is always a plus.
5	THROW AWAY ALL OF YOUR OTHER CHINESE TAKE OUT/ DELIVERY MENUS! This place is AMAZING!The BEST Chinese food I've had in a very very long time. My boyfriend and I were craving some Chinese and sick of all of the mediocre delivery places in the area so we turned to yelp (of course) to help us find something new.... we found this place w really good reviews and decided to give it a shot. At first site it is a clean and comfortable casual dining space. Brightly painted modern walls and plenty of two or four person tables. Up front there are some seats occupied by people waiting for  their scrumptious take out. You are greeted nicely by someone who will seat you then get drinks for you (even though there is a soda machine and you can do it yourself) The menu is filled with terrific beef, chicken, pork,duck,lamb and seafood options. Here is the great part, it's not your typical fast food Chinese place the dishes are really restaurant quality.We started with the egg rolls because quite a few reviews mentioned how fresh they were. We got one egg roll and one shrimp egg roll. They were so fresh the cabbage was still crispy. Best egg rolls ever!Then we moved on to the sizzling rice soup which was chock full of large shrimp chicken and pork and freshly added veggies.  I had the szechuan chicken and my boyfriend had the jalapeno steak. The portions are not only generous and like 8 bucks they are prepared so fresh that the veggies are still crisp my favorite. The chicken dish had broccoli, red peppers, onions,water chesnuts,baby corn,mushrooms and the presentation is beautiful.. big pieces of sliced meat, large  veggies nothing diced.The sauces are full of flavor, not salt you can both see and taste your entrees. The jalapeno steak was super delicious and spicy very, very good. It had green peppers, jalapeno peppers, onions, red peppers, chili flakes and some smokey and spicy delicious sauce. I was kind of jealous i'll probably get that next time. Overall this is the best Chinese in Phoenix. They could easily charge 12 bucks a plate. Phoenix needs more locations, let's help them expand!!!
5	This really is as good as it gets for a casual Chinese place. Delicious, fresh and affordable. This place has it all. I got a little advert in the mail for the place that had the takeaway menu and some coupons on the back. We decided to order 3 lunch specials around 11:00 am and got two orders of the Mongolian Beef and one of the Szechuan Chicken with fried rice and egg drop soup. We asked for delivery and told them we had a coupon, paid with a credit card over the phone and were told it would take 35-40 minutes for them to arrive.Right around 11:40 they arrived and delivered the food. We tipped in cash and opened up the food. The food arrived in individually packed meals kind of like Pei Wei, with the rice and meat all in one box. The egg drop soup was packaged separately and they were huge! This was no small serving of soup. We also got 3 fortune cookies and plastic utensils, soy sauce packets, and napkins. These were all thoughtful touches I appreciated.The soup was a 12 oz container packed full to the brim. The soup was a clear golden broth full of swirls of cooked egg. There were no vegetables or chunks of tofu, just eggs mixed in the broth, but it was great. Very comforting. I doctored mine up by dropping 2 tbsp of frozen peas and a tiny bit of soy sauce into it and since the soup was very hot, it cooked the peas to the perfect consistency in a few minutes.The Mongolian Beef wasn't like any Mongolian Beef I have ever had (you know, the typical sort of crispy meat in that dark brown intense sauce with green onions) but it was still very good. A fresher flavor, due to the sliced onions, bell peppers, and green onions that were mixed in, and not as caramelized or crispy a flavor but more subtle. It tasted more like a homemade version of Mongolian Beef which was a nice change. The veggies were all crisp and flavorful and the beef was tender.The Szechuan Chicken had lots of veggies like baby corn and bell peppers and a spicy sauce. It was very nice too. Portions of meat to rice are generous and could satisfy a light appetite for two meals.The fried rice is awesome, with tender grains of rice, lightly flavored and very fresh tasting and dotted with vegetables. No hard grains or weird textures which might be indicative of old rice being reused. Nothing we ate had the intense saltiness I usually associate with Chinese food, either, which was a wonderful plus.The food was all tasty and the bill came to $16 including nominal delivery charges after our 15% discount coupon. $16 for lunch for three people, delivered? It's an absolute steal! The food is tastier and in bigger portions than most Chinese places, and I'll be ordering from them again and again. They have this ridiculously huge family feast thing for $33 that I have my eye on. I've been to NYC many, many times and thoroughly enjoy the high quality Chinese takeout one can get delivered there. I never thought I'd be able to get the same experience here in AZ, but with Gold Chef I can!
3	One of the better Americanized/NY style chinese food.  Prices are very reasonable. They have lunch specials 7 days a week until 3pm that are in the $5 (give or take) range. I usually get the Honey Chicken lunch. Lunch specials includes a smaller portion of the entree with fried rice and an eggroll. The "smaller portion" is plentiful for a meal and then some. The fried rice is tasty and the eggroll is better than what I expected. The shrimp eggrolls are blah though... mainly cabbage with two tiny pieces of shrimps, like popcorn shrimp size. On the contrary, their shrimp entrees come with large size shrimps.
3	Read all the reviews and im still puzzled. I will let it be known that I do not necessarily know what NY style Chinese food is. I ordered several suggestions from yelp, but something is missing. It was good- maybe I just don't like Chinese food? Nothing spectacular. Minimum delivery price of $15 keep that in mind. Huge portions, quick delivery, above average. Not worthy of the stellar opinions though.
1	Trust me, I worked at a Chinese take out place before and this rice here is stale and day old, because fresh rice does not look off white and is not so hard.  Spring rolls when fried once are light brown in appearance, but refried ones that were not sold the day before, and thrown back into the deep fryer turns the edges dark brown and greasy.  Some folks might try to say the oil is just darker, but darker oil in the fryer means its not been cleaned and changed regularly enough that its gotten to a gunky black color.  It's a troublesome process and, it is true that most places do not do it often enough, but U have to do it before it starts to corrupt the taste and appearance of your food.The chicken and broccoli I had was not great at all.  Its several small slices of chicken and broccoli that are coated with a thick black sauce.  Overly starched and overly salted.  Does not have any flavor at all.  If this is NY style Chinese food, then its not the NYC I have been to.  My friend had their teriyaki chicken and its bad too : (  Same stale rice with pieces of oversauced chicken.  He said after it tasted kind of weird, not the teriyaki taste he was expecting.  Again too much starch and salt.  And this is the dude that eats everything. Dear fellow yelpers, stop short changing yourself.  Please stop accepting fresh vegetables as a criteria for being good Chinese food.  Neither does big shrimp, crisp cabbage in egg rolls, big pieces of meat qualify as criterias for good Chinese food.  Guys, U have to send me a message if you do not agree and I can give U a list of Chinese food places to go eat at where all of the above is a given and the decision lies in taste.  If your criteria is a lot of decent food for a good price, that's perfectly fine too, send me a message and I can point U in the right direction to a good Chinese buffet, seafood or no seafood.  But please do not rate this place as 5 stars because a 2 star is generous.  I gave them 2 cause the service is good and they keep the place pretty clean and neat.  I think I am too generous already.
3	I usually look at both sides of the table and I have to say I like skepticism. So with that said I like what Lester had to say. I don't necessarily agree that quantity and good quality control equal fabulous food. Taste is the biggest factor as well and something you need to take into consideration. We blew in here with the storm and the lady said hello and seated us in the small restaurant seating area. This place is surprisingly a sit down server restaurant, even though it looks like a fast food type place. I ordered the vegetable lo-mein and the other diner with me ordered the beef with broccoli. For the price you do get a good portion size of lo-mein and beef. My dish was pretty spicy so there was no need to ask them to make it extra spicy. I detected a hint of spam essence in the noodle which turned me a little off of the dish. The other diner's food was also pretty spicy so if you are sensitive just make sure you ask them to not make your dish so spicy.The shopkeeper was very polite and came by ever so frequently to make sure that we were doing okay. Although I would not say this is the best ever, I will return to try something else and because the food and service is worth a second chance. They do delivery!
1	Tried this place for the first time Monday.  My fiance and I shared some sweet and sour chicken and rice.  I had some Crab Rangoon.  Unfortunately I had some food poisoning Monday night and Tuesday.  I'll pass on ever going here again.
3	Small place in a (Walmart) strip mall setting. Very casual dine in...express , not fast food but far from "fine dining".  Service relatively slow for such a small place and not overly warm.  I had the Mongolian Beef combination plate with won ton soup substituted for egg roll.  Food as surprisingly good, with nice spicing to the Mongolian Beef.  Good satisfying meal, as I was hungry..not great but better than most similar small Chinese Express spots!
5	Best freakin' Chinese fast food ever! This dominates over Panda Express!!
5	Very tasty Chinese food!  Friendly staff.  Quite affordable.I really enjoyed their Honey Chicken.
5	Food was awesome!!! I had mongolian beef with out the regular onions. Not your regular mongolian but wow what a new twist to the flavor with the beef being flame cooked, it tasted like in stead of on flatgrill, that was my take to it due to the flavor. Tender meat is all i can say awesome awesome awesome. Found new Chinese delivery place! Throw out the rest of the wanna be ones. Great food guys i recommend it in a heart beat good quality good portions and taste to die for...might think this funny but the sauce from the mongolian beef made the rice taste better hahahaha. People over phone and delivery person where friendly as can be.... so i say YES 5 STARS must eat to see what i mean. Happy eating.
2	For our delivery they said 35 minutes, which turned into 103 minutes before we got our food. The owner was apologetic, and recooked and delivered our order.   He said they have a new delivery person who got lost.  Thankfully the food tasted good.  So they regained a star with that.  I am not sure if we will try this location again after the long wait...  even though the food was pretty tasty.
4	It's always nice to find a good delivery food place. This was the first time I have eaten gold chef, it was recommended by a friends who's food preference I trust. We ordered an order of orange chicken, chicken lo mein, crab ragoons and chose the fried rice as opposed to the white rice. The total was $23.00 for all of this food, this fed javier and I and we both were able to take leftovers for lunch. Delivery time was told would be 45 mins, it was actually only 15-20 minutes. Javier said he usually doesn't like orange chicken because too dry, this orange chicken was perfect, just enough sauce and a great flavor, they pack it with some fresh broccoli. Also I loved the chicken lo mein, it had lots of garlic flavor , one of the best lo meins I have had. The crab ragoons were ok, nothing special, would have liked to see some imitation crab in the mix. The only thing I can say I didn't care for was the fried rice, this was too dry and greasy.  We will be ordering from this place again for those nights I don't feel like cooking or when we get together last minute.
4	The food was delivered very quick.  It was very fresh tasting - which isn't always the case when you order Chinese food!  Very close by so I am very sure I will order from here again :)
4	The food was delivered very quick.  It was very fresh tasting - which isn't always the case when you order Chinese food!  Very close by so I am very sure I will order from here again :)
5	I love the place, cheap prices, yet fresh food.  Tasty chicken and broccoli
1	This place was disgusting to say the least. Everything had a very off taste to it like it was spoiled/stale. The rice looked a day or 2 old. We took one bite of the food and our server crushed a roach right next to our booth. Yep that was it we paid and left and went and got a burger else where. This only got a 1 star rating because I can't rate it a 0!
2	I will start with the good.  The staff on the phone is very nice and the delivery guys are fast and courteous.  The dumplings were great and that is my test of good Chinese food.  Other than that I don't have much good to say.  The food was bland, bland, bland and given the other reviews I was surprised.  Overall not terrible, but I probably won't be back
4	One of Mr. M's coworkers was raving about the egg rolls from this place, so one afternoon after visiting the Halloween stores in the area we decided to stop in and try 'em out.  We also got an order of their salt and pepper calamari.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a friendly gentleman who asked us if this was our first visit.  He took our to-go order and then offered and brought us some water while we waited.  The egg rolls were very good and fresh and not greasy at all.  The calamari was exceptional with light tempura-style breading that was fresh, crispy, and also not greasy.  The peppers and onions provided a great grilled flavor and made us wish we had a couple of cold beers in hand to have with our very tasty appetizers. I brought up not greasy twice because it's typical that takeout Chinese places have good greasy food that goes great with adult beverages.  Gold Chef on the other hand is not greasy, but still goes well with adult beverages.  I look forward to going back and trying their full meals.  First visit was impressive.
5	We eat there about twice a month. Food is always hot and delicious! Owners are friendly and call us by name.  Place is clean and service is excellent. we get thin noodles wtih pork shrimp chicken, etc. and egg rolls and beef on a stick.   I always order mine extra spicy and its TO DIE FOR.always excellent taste!this place is the NICKELBACK of Chinese restaraunts:)
4	1st let me say, that almost every time I've ordered Chinese delivery / take out, I'm frustrated by the service / courtesy I get on the other end of the phone.  Not this time.  The lady who answered was very sweet and helpful.  The food was fresh, I highly recommend the beef on a stick & the Mongolian beef w/ fried rice.  The crab puffs were also tasty and the delivery was prompt as well.It's not Benihana, but it was the best delivered Chinese food we've had since moving here, so give them a shot!
3	Average in every way.  Not saying it was bad...just average.
5	"New York Style" is a term that is thrown around by a lot of mediocre Chinese restaurants in the Phoenix area.  I think half of the restaurants that use that term have never been to New York and don't know what real Americanized Chinese food tastes like. I think an even bigger percentage of the people on Yelp who claim to judge New York style Chinese food have never been to New York either.  Yeah, New York style isn't authentic Chinese food and it's never been authentic Chinese food. If you want chicken feet and other authentic items, go elsewhere because that's not New York style either. New York style Chinese food is an Americanized version of Cantonese food.  This place is the only Chinese restaurant in the Valley that can lay claim to New York style Chinese food. Trust me, as a New Yorker, I grew up ordering Chinese food down the street and this is the real deal. The egg rolls are the best I've had in the Valley and all the dishes have that great Cantonese flavor. Their seafood particularly their shrimp dishes are cooked perfectly; they are not overcooked so that their shrimp is rubbery yet they are seasoned well enough that it doesn't taste raw or uncooked.If you want straight up New York style Chinese food...the kind you can get on Elizabeth street, come here.
5	Finally, a restaurant that the whole family loves! And that, my friends, is a big deal! We  have never been disappointed with the delicious dishes, all made with fresh ingredients and tasty seasonings/sauces. Try the salt and pepper chicken wings as they are sheer crispy heavenly delights that are a mouthful of flavor explosion. Also, don't miss the tender salt and pepper calamari. Good sized shrimp, authentic Singapore "mai-fun" noodles and even Weight Watchers steamed selections are just some of the great things about Gold Chef. Food here is NOT floating in oil like many other Chinese food establishments.Older reviews you read here are for the previous owners. Current owners, Lavinia and her husband serve quality food and have recently introduced Peking Ribs which are racks of St. Louis ribs that are simply fall off the bone to die for! The sauce is not your traditional smoky BBQ (remember this is a Chinese restaurant, people!), but a more subtle savory sweetness true to the desired yin-yang of Asian cooking. We sampled a small serving tonight but will certainly be back for more another time!Located off Arizona Ave/Loop 202 near Walmart, Gold Chef is terrific for a quick lunch with 24 Lunch Menu choices ranging from $5.25 to $5.75 includes Pork Fried Rice and your choice of soup, egg roll or 12oz can soda.Dine-in, take-out or get delivery ... just get some of this goodness into you right now!
5	Stopped in here after reading previous reviews on Yelp.  You guys didn't lie!  This is a great little place.  We were nicely surprised to find they had dine-in seating.  Everything was clean & neat, despite the fact that it was the lunch hour.  Our waitress was quick, efficient, & friendly.  We had crab puffs which were small but so tasty that size didn't matter.  I had kung pao chicken which was delicious, diced into just the right size bites & had a lot of peanuts.  The sauce was spicy but not overwheming or too much.  My son had szechuan beef which he devoured, declaring it the best he's eaten for a long time.  Our tea glasses were never empty, even on a 105 day.  And all the food came out of the kitchen with steam rolling off it.  Prices were very reasonable.  We will def be back!  You can't beat this for a quick neighborhood-ish bite or take out!
5	Fast service and amazing food! had an order delivered to my home and I think its the best Chinese food I've had!
3	Okay, i have good news :)  Very happy to say that the new owners of the Golf Chef are doing a much better job.  The new service staff and owner are very personable.  They check in on you to make sure everything is good.  The menu looks the same but I think they are using a better food supplier now and their ingredients seem to taste a little fresher.  Under the old owners, I think their chicken had a weird after taste, but not now.  I will give it 3.5 stars now for this big improvement, and I will need to go back another time to taste the dishes and soups.  I had hot and sour soup during my recent visit and It was neither too hot or sour and had tasted sweeter than it should be.  I had chicken egg foo young and it was decent.  So maybe the next time when I come back and they have semi hot and semi sour soup, I can upgrade them to 4 stars J  I am still very happy that at least this place is a decent enough place for lunch and its close to the office for now.
5	Biggest regret is moving to awahtukee I cant get my gold chef fix as often as I used to. This is totally a family run little restaurant and the owner is so freaking sweet. She always greets with a huge smile and makes the place fun to visit she has a great sense of humor... on to the food its well priced NY Style chinese food that I dare say is better than some local places that are actually in Ny. I have yet to order something off the menu that I didnt like its all so yummy.  When I buy a house I hope its next to Gold Chef!
3	Really, this should be 2.5 stars. Right before I ate the food I was going to give this business 1 star....here's my story.I have been craving Chinese food and since I have an hour for lunch (I work right down the street) I figured I'd use my handy dandy Yelp app to find a good Chinese place. Well, this place popped up and the reviews seemed good, so I figured I'd give it a whirl. When I walked in, I was greeted by a lady that said, "How can I help you?" I responded with, "Well, I'd like to place an order..." In looking at the lunch menu, it didn't seem like there were many options for vegetarians except tofu w/ mixed vegetables and tofu w/ broccoli. BORING! So I asked, "Is there a way to have Szechuan tofu instead of beef?" She replied, "No." I was like, "You can't substitute tofu for beef?" "No." Kind of annoyed, I said, "Ok, I'll have tofu w/ mixed vegetables." Then I noticed that the lunch special comes with pork fried rice so I asked if I could have veggie fried rice w/o the egg. She told me that it would be extra. Extra?!?!?! You're going to charge me to take OUT things? That's dumb. So I told her that I just wanted the tofu with vegetables....not the lunch special. She then said, "Well, we have tofu with eggplant in a garlic sauce....a lot of vegetarians order that. So I said that it would be fine. I was quoted a 10 min. timeframe. I asked if I could eat there and she said that it would be fine.I went and sat in a booth, which was broken. I leaned back  on the back rest and it pushed against the person behind me. That's kind of annoying. The waitress then brought me some water with lemon, which wasn't filtered water...it was just normal Chandler city tap water which tasted awful. Good thing I got lemon to kill the awful taste. My food then came out 15 minutes later (I timed it). I must say that the portion was plentiful and it was delicious! I was going to give this a 1 star review but since the food was really good I bumped it up a few. I'll give this place another try and see if they're still going to charge me extra to take things out of their fried rice. I honestly think the woman working was new and wasn't familiar with things.....we'll see.
4	We decided to give Gold Chef a try based on yelp reviews. The egg rolls were...eh...they didn't have any pork or chicken in them and they're quite oily on the inside.The crab ragoons were perfect!! We shared the orange chicken and sweet and sour pork with fried rice. The two entrees were delicious! Although the fried rice was plain; no veggies or egg, I didn't realize they had more than one kind and they charge you $2 extra for it. All in all it was a positive experience and we would definitely come back but next time we'll just have the ragoons and share an entree since it was too much food.
5	Great meal! We ordered barbeque beef sticks, egg rolls, beef low mien and orange chicken. My husband and I were pleasantly surprised- food was very good, not greasy and seasoned well.  We originally asked for spring rolls and the waitress said that they didn't have any tonight.  :-(  It was 5:23pm when we ordered. They had a fair amount of take out diners. We were the only dine in customers.   My husband asked for lemon for our ice tea and we got 1 slice! Really? So we split the slice in half and didn't bother to ask for more.   Gave 5 stars for food- this will be our new go to Chinese restaurant.
2	I am so disappointed. Let me preface this with saying the lady owner, who took our order for take out was really, really friendly. Somehow the driver got the wrong address and went to the neighbors' house, but as luck would have it, I was outside and caught him. He was also super sweet.Now, the food. We like our food HOT. HOT! Our gal had asked on a scale of 1-5 hot how did we like it. We said 10. We eat ghost peppers. We like it HOT. She laughed and said ok, no problem. The food came quickly (and we are a bit away). We ordered the sweet and sour pork, rangoon puffs, Hunan beef and shrimp and hot and sour soup. Sadly, the food was not good at all. Not terrible, but not good. When we order hot, we expect chili peppers to be used. They used chili oil in the Hunan dish and the hot and sour soup. It was SOOOO greasy I had to wash the lids off of everything because it was everywhere. And it was not hot AT ALL. The Hunan flavor of the dish would have been good, but it was SOAKED in oil. The hot and sour soup had so much grease, it was floating on top. And there was no meat in the soup. I am used to at least some beef and shrimp. Just tofu and mushrooms. It was thick, which I like, but I had to scrape the oil off the top. The rangoon puffs were tasty, but they came with no sauce. And the sweet and sour pork came with the fried pork in a container by itself, with the sauce on the side. Fine. I get that. They didn't want it mushy when it got here. I like that. But it was ONLY pork in the container. No peppers, no onions, no pineapple, just the pork. The rice was ok. But nothing to mix in with the pork.I give this rating a 2 because the lady was EXTREMELY nice, and even called us back to apologize for the driver having the wrong address and stating she wanted to update their system so they had it right the next time. When she called, after we had eaten, we told her our food was NOT spicy at all, as promised, but said next time she would do better.I will give them another chance because of their customer service and how lovely the lady was. But let's hope it doesn't come with a pound of oil in and on everything. I am so disappointed. I was excited to try this place. And it turned out to be like almost all of the Chinese restaurants in town.Dear Golden Chef,Please, please, please! Use peppers, NOT chili oil. And add something to your sweet and sour pork. Because the batter on the pork, and the pork itself was pretty tasty. And your customer service was so wonderful. :( :(
2	I agree with the other reviews that the lady is very nice. I placed the order & waited, didn't take long at all. I ordered a egg roll, crab puffs and general tso chicken. The crab puffs were good, chicken was soggy and really had no flavor, the egg roll had fresh vegetables but really no taste also. There rice was really good but I will not return most likely.
4	I've always called in my order and picked it up myself.  Never had delivery or dine in, which seems to be where most of the deductions on the reviews come from.Tons of food, low prices, and it's ready within 15 minutes of my phone call.  I've been there 14 times so far and the order has always been right (knock on wood).  Is it the best Chinese in town?  Of course not, and for the price you're paying if you expect it to be then I'm sure you're the type to complain you don't have a Kobe beef steak for $15 at Black Angus either.They stopped serving duck about a year ago because not enough people were ordering it and that's too bad since it was my favorite dish of theirs.  Personally I like the fact that the sweet & sour chicken is a ton of chicken in the box, no rice or filler stuff, just chicken.  After all, they give you an entire box of free white or brown rice on the side, so if you want to mix them together, then get to it!  They have a Family Feast which is 5 full dinners, a house fried rice, sweet & sour chicken, 4 eggrolls, crab rangoons, won tons, soup, a TUB of sweet & sour sauce and all for $36.  My girlfriend and I are big eaters and we get 8 separate meals out of this over 2 1/2 days.  Works out to $4.50 a meal.Again, I can't speak for their service in the restaurant or for how the delivery crews are.  I suggest calling in your order, then drive over and pick it up yourself.  Front desk ladies have always been very nice.It's not sit down, 4 star restaurant quality, but for fast, good, low priced, large portions I've had no complaints in 14 tries.  I keep trying different area Chinese restaurants but keep coming back to this one and haven't been disappointed yet.  If you are expecting "super hot" or something exotic, then don't bother.  It's Americanized Chinese food and I'll keep coming back again and again.
4	Really good food! And one if the few Chinese places where the staff smiles.. Good vibes ;)
5	You don't even know how much I love this place.  My husband found it one day while driving around looking for places to eat lunch and took me there a few weeks later.  Lavinia is amazing and her memory boggles my mind!  The newer staff is very friendly.  But oh the food.  THE FOOD!  I have never had more delicious Pan Fried Crispy Noodles in my LIFE.  My husband lives and dies by their Hot and Sour Soup.  And they do alternate whether the wonton soup is in beef or chicken broth (and personally I prefer the beef version), but it's still pretty awesome.  We used to live close enough that they'd deliver, so we'd either dine in, take out, or have it delivered at least once a month.  The closest I got to a bad experience was in the early days when I was still figuring out what to eat.  I once got some weird version of Szechuan chicken, the dish was too spicy or not spicy enough, etc. Once I found a dish that nobody else could make like they did (PAN. FRIED. CRISPY. NOODLES), It's been the exact same order since.  When we moved out to San Tan Valley, we had to put this stop on our route going home every few months.  I love this place!
1	I was so excited to take my grandkids for noodles and orange chicken, it turned out to be a big disappointment we left most of the food, uneaten on the table. The Moo Shu Pork was drowned in oil and soy sauce, and the Orange Chicken was gristly. The plain noodles were ok, not much flavor.
1	This was the absolute worst Chinese food I have ever had! The lemon chicken tasted like super cheap lemon meringue pie (no joke). The chicken was cooked to death and more bread than meat. My gf's food was not much better. I had very simple expectations and I was still sorely disappointed.
3	Alas I am sad to report the owners have stepped away from the business and quality has gone downhill.
2	Meh...it's pretty decent food and all but there is better to be had in this area. The people were fairly friendly but could care less about being very personable and having a conversation.The biggest issue with this place was how disgusting the bathroom was. Made me with I hadn't  closed the door behind me! So gross. Hasn't been cleaned in at least a year or two. I can imagine the kitchen!
3	Having been here several times since my first visit a few years ago, I have to say the food here is not as good as it originally seemed. It's not bad, but definitely not Pei Wei. If they served optional brown rice and had something better to drink than Gold Peak Tea I might give it another star.
1	We did delivery, and it was not good at all! All meat was very dry and greasy, even white rice was not good. Would not recommend this place at all : (
1	My family and I are foodies and we love to support restaurants in our area and thought that we should give Gold Chef a try. We received their menu at our address and we saw some great menu items that we wanted to try and decided to have dinner there. When we arrived the place looked completely dead. Only another family was there (3 people ) aside from us and the other 3 guests there was 3 servers, 2 of which were at the front register and a woman that came from the kitchen. She asked how many and I said 5. She sat us in the very back where tables and chairs were all over the place. She had a table that sat 2 people and pulled another 2 top and said to sit there. Table was really small and we wanted to sit together making my niece sit at a booth (wtf) so we asked to sit at the other table that had 8 chairs (mind you there were no other guests except a table of 3) she says FINE! YOU SIT THERE. She yeld at my niece and told her to sit at the edge because she didn't want to get the other half of the table dirty. She then swung the menus at all of us, seriously tossing them at the table. She Returns To GET Our beverage order and my husband said he would like a fountain drink pointing behind him and she asked what he would like, coke, pipp, etc... he said, I would like to mix a flavor of diet coke and pip. She said he couldn't do that. Why couldn't he do that if it's a serve yourself type deal?  She returned and placed plastic glasses near the fountain soda machine and said to serve ourselves. So my husband gets up and starts serving beverages to our family and he had to turn machine on with a key that was on the side.  The ice got stuck because it was turned off so ice wouldn't come out. Finally it just started coming down and some got on the floor. She runs screaming at him and says NO! You making messy. He is trying to explain to her why that happened and she walked away really mad. She Returns to take our order and my husband orders 2 appetizers,  the BBQ Pork and beef sticks,  I asked her if we could replace the pork fried rice for the chicken from the family special and she said NO! If you no want pork fried rice, get something else because we don't do that. RUDE! I asked if it was made fresh, she said yes. Why can't you replace the pork for chicken? She said that I can't come in and make my own recipes. What the hell! I just kept quiet trying to control myself and she said, you have other questions?   My husband said we were going to look at the menu still. She Returns with the appetizers and plates and walks away. My husband calls her back but she ignores him. He was looking for chili oil and soy. I get up and grab it from another empty table but no hot sauce. So I ask the girl at the front and our server comes out and says, where did you get soy sauce from?  I said that I got it from empty table and I start walking back to our table. She says, YOU sit, YOU Can't Grab From other table... I Ignored her comment and when she returned with chili oil She Said And I will quote....  "are you going to order now? I need to take menu's back cause you are getting them dirty" WHAT! THAT WAS ENOUGH!!!!  NEVER HAVE WE EVER EXPERIENCED SUCH DISGUSTING SERVICE. RUDE REMARKS, AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL. We didn't even eat our appetizers,  she wouldn't allow my niece to sit like a normal human being, she made her sit at a corner she then isn't accommodating with menu item and yells at my husband.  She is upset because of spilled ice and said he can't mix soda flavors and was angry because I grabbed soy from another table and says she wants menus back if we don't order because they are getting dirty. I get up and ask to speak to a manager. The two girls up front said no one was available. The server is laughing in front of us and starts making excuses. We all got up. Left the food behind and asked for our check. Paid and left.   I felt like we were being punked, I couldn't believe the rude attitude from the Asian Woman. Our table was dirty, my mom cleaned it BTW. To the owners of this location, You ask yourself why businesses fail?  Here is a good reason why.  Servers that do not care and act as if they are the authority and go behind your back and treat your customers this way. Watch who you employ. Who are the people that are in the front of the house that are the ones that set the pace for guest experience. Extremely damaging to your business. We will NEVER return to Gold Chef, will will also advice our family and friends about this establishment and recommend to never eat there. That server is hurting your business. If she is married or related to the owners, get her out. She is damaging your business. Horrible! Facebook friends will also be advised along with other public forums. Chandler friends, Ocotillo comnunity, Gilbert,  Mesa surrounding areas will also read this review.
1	I wrote my review on this location and because I rated them a one star lowest possible,  seems like my review was not shown. Gold Chef Waitress Went Out Of HER way to Really Make our visit Miserable. Disgusting service and attitude from our waitress. Never will we return there. She treated my family horribly. We didn't get the chance to taste our appetizers because she wouldn't stop the rude comments and service. We all got up and left. BTW,  table was dirty sticky and she wouldn't clean it.  I Only Put 1 Star Because I Had to
5	This is my go-to takeout restaurant. Friendly staff, quick delivery and the food is always delicious!
3	I've had a take out menu on my fridge for this place for two years at least but I never ordered from them because I'm lazy and I generally only order from a place if I can order online.  Anything to avoid that whole talking-to-a-real-person thing.Anytime I try a new Chinese place I order all of my favorites at once just so I know if it's worth a second time around.There were some highs and lows and in-betweens.1. Wonton Egg Drop Soup - Nothing on any Chinese menu will ever be better than putting the two best soups in the world together.... unless you get it from Gold Chef.  I'm glad I only ordered the small because I didn't even finish that.  The wontons were fine, but the broth was so bland.  It was basically just egg water... I want you to sit and think about what egg water might taste like... you got a lock down in your mind on that? That's right.  Egg water.  It was really, really horrible.  Zero stars for the soup.2.  Crab Puffs - These were fine.  Not any detectable crab, but they weren't over sweet like so many tend to be.  I would order these again.  3.  Egg Rolls - A few people mentioned that there is no meat in these, but there most certainly was a noticeable amount of pork in mine.  So please, if you are a vegetarian or do not eat pork, this is NOT something you want to order.  Do not listen to the other reviews who say it's all vegetable.  That all being said, they are tasty.  Sufficiently crispy and flavorful with a good ratio of wrapper to filling.4. Lemon Chicken - The chicken is breaded, not battered, which is a plus in my book.  The lemon sauce was also probably the best lemon sauce I've ever had.  I'm not sure everyone would agree, though.  It's very sweet and tastes almost like a lemon glaze for pies rather than something for a savory dish, but I thought it tasted awesome with the chicken.  This is gonna be a judgment call on if you think you'd like a sweeter sauce.  The chicken itself wasn't as dry as the breaded chicken tends to be in other places, so that was a bonus as well.5. Singapore Mei Fun - No one ever has and probably ever will beat the PF Changs version of this dish (Singapore Street Noodles) but this one was decent.  The chicken and pork seemed a little dry and not very fresh, but the flavor was fine and the shrimp was cooked well.  I might have liked it just a touch spicier though.Overall, everything was very good, but I just couldn't bring myself to give a 4 star rating because the soup was just THAT BAD.  The only way I'd order again is if I had a craving for something specific and didn't really want soup.  Sadly, I usually only order Chinese food when I have a soup craving specifically.  Such a shame that the most important component for me was the one horrible thing I got.
1	OMG, how did this place rate 4 stars.  Went last night and the food was bland and terrible.  Both of us threw out half our dinner, inedible.  The breaded chicken for the sesame chicken, C13, and Gen Tso's Chicken, C12, had so much fat and skin mixed with what was presumably chicken meat of some sort (definitely not white meat) that it was actually worse then a chicken mcnugget.  Just a gummy blob with a bland sauce with a hint of "hot" for the Tso.  The pork fried rice was also quite bland with an off taste.  The egg roll was decent though.  The little fried wonton pieces tasted like they were cooked in oil that was WAY past it's prime and were also stale tasting.  The broccoli perched on top of the entre tasted old and tough. This was at 7 pm on a Saturday.
2	I ate there twice,  I ordered two different things both times and did not like either!
5	Loved the food. We had the chicken fried rice ,lo mein, and egg rolls. Everything was tasty and the staff was friendly.
1	Worst Chinese food ever - bland and tasteless. Had delivery but was missing egg rolls. When I informed them of it they argued with me! The bbq was the only item with flavor but the meat was way too fatty to the point of being gross. Do not recommend this place. A frozen dinner has more appeal.
