2	This is a very "ghetto" Target if you will. It is small, sort of dirty, has a cramped front end to check out, and is the only Target Store in Las Vegas with no store services. Not even a Pizza Hut Express or Starbucks. The merchandise selection lacks too. I would never give a Target less than three stars, but this one really let me down. I guess part of the problem is the part of town and it was one of the first three Targets in Las Vegas, built back in 1987. Unfortunately, if you live on this side of town, this is your ONLY Target for miles in any direction, and none of the other stores are any better, they're all more rundown and cramped than this.
1	This Target makes me feel like i'm in a Walmart, not a good thing! The whole layout is cramped and there is no Pizza Hut Express. Service is slow and staff doesn't want to help :(
1	Hands down the worst target I've ever been to. Grew up in this neighborhood and even in high school it was still a nightmare. Unorganized, dirty, never well-stocked and the patrons...YIKES. I know that probably shouldn't factor into my rating but good God, this is the one place I am guaranteed to be run over by a rogue cart of a mother of 8 kids under the age 10 who's letting one of those 8 wield the cart. Unacceptable.
2	This location is MAD ghetto-ish... from most of the customers to the people who work there.  I mean, sure, it isn't located in Beverly Hills, but come on!  I actually love Target, usually, but this place is definitely an exception.  It is still a step above Walmart, but not much above... like a half-step.  If there's another Target close to where you live or work, then I suggest you go there.  Unless, of course, you like the ghetto--then feel free to come here because you'll love it.
3	I like target, cheap candy. And DVD's Score Book of Eli for 13 dollars. THe TV's always seem to be on sale too. But as for the clothing they could have more Team attire, but i didnt see any at all. The layout is good. The store is clean, and they have enough cashiers on hand to keep things moving.
1	I prefer Target over Walmart anyday but this Target was dirty and the customer service was horrible.
2	This Target sucks if you are shopping for clothes, accessories...etc. Good for buying other things but as far as fashions I have to drive to the one on the SW side.
2	Target is always preferred over Wal-Mart in my book, even if they are a bit pricier.  I really like shopping at Target because they are one of the few stores who not only will accept 'Target' coupons, but will allow you to pair those with manufacturer's coupons.  With pairing these coupons, you can get some major savings on a lot of great brands.  Now, that being said, my problem with this particular Target is that the cashiers make you feel like a total a-hole for using coupons.  They act like they just can't be bothered with their busy day of ringing up thongs, dog food & pregnancy tests.  I actually had a supervisor refuse to take my coupons on one shopping trip.  She said the register wouldn't take them without even trying to ring them up.  Needless to say, I was not a happy customer.  So, while I like Target in general - this particular store can suck it!
3	I like Target and they have the things that I need.  It can be so easy to spend a lot of cash here on things you don't need but think you do.  I have more frames and nick-knacks then I need.  I like their music and video selections.  And, I can get workout gear here for a pretty decent price.  And, it seems that every Target that I have been in, has the same floor plan.  That is nice as well. There are days that I hate walking in Target or other department stores because of the crowd.  That is why I tipped: "Everybody on the east side of the valley is here."  But, I made the best of it.  I just wanted to come here to pick up some everyday items and eat some popcorn.  Anyhow, the place was clean and well stocked.  We were greeted by everyone wearing a red shirt.
3	So Target is usually my happy place, but this particular location seems a little one the blah side.  I only go to this store when I am visiting my mom, who lives by this store.    It is the nicest store in the area compared to the nearby Walmart and KMart that are in the area, but that really isn't saying much.This definitely isn't the nicest Target I have been to, but they still have all of the departments you are used to having.  Everything seems to be well stocked and organized, but it just doesn't have the same pizzaz as the Target up in Summerlin that I am used too.  You also notice the difference in the staff.  No one is rude, but no one is especially friendly either.  It seems like everyone is just there to get paid.  Come on people, just give us a smile every now and then, please?So in summary, you can get all of the stuff you need, but don't expect anyone to go out of their way for you.
5	Like a lot of people have been saying, I would choose Target over Walmart any day. This is the Target location closest to where I live. I have never had a bad experience here. They always have the stuff that I want in stock. Plus, the lines are never too long. I have had employees on the floor approach me and ask me if I needed assistance. I've never received service like that at other Target stores, even the nicer ones, like the one in Henderson.
1	What a joke. The target website which offers a feature that allows you to see which store carries certain inventory. The incompetent employees at this location insisted the website was not affiliated with them nor did they assist me in finding what I was looking for. The facility was dirty and most items were out of place. I will not be returning in any lifetime.
1	This is the worst TARGET ever!!!! The staff is so freaking rude. I literally go to customer service to get ringed up, but even then they don't smile they don't even want to help you! I really think the store manager has a problem hiring people!! Desperate hires are not good for business especailly when I haven't yet ran into an employee that was helpful and friendly. It will not stop me from going in there but something has to give! Target please read everyones post and change that whole staff working there. They also hate people with coupons.
1	Daniel in target Mobil needs some serious training! Two hours to but an activate a cell phone is outrageous! Worst service I have ever received! I will NEVER be back
2	What happened? I can't believe I gave this place a perfect review just last year, but things have gotten bad! I never see any workers on the sales floor to assist customers. And whenever I do find a ghost of a worker, they seem very reluctant to help me. Terrible customer service! Plus the store is always dirty. Target has great product for awesome prices, but I'll take my business to another location.
