3	Not the most amazing place you've ever been, but if you're walking distance or in the neighborhood, it's worth a trip. Very decent selection of beers, and for those of you with sweet tooths (teeth?), they have a framboise on tap. Lovely. Had the hummus/pita snack there last night, and that was much better than I expected. Atmosphere and service are o.k. Best on a Thursday night, IMO.
5	Amazing beer selection, wings, pierogies, sandwiches, salads and the best patio in Pittsburgh.  I am especially grateful that it is open again after the fire last summer.  If you can't sit outside, then go to the 2nd floor where you can people watch over Ellsworth.  Staff is awesome, helpful and they really know what they are doing when it comes to beer.  One of the only places I would go to in Shadyside, a great vibe, awesome home made style food and great beers to choose from.
4	One of the best spots in the city. Gorgeous crowd, hilarious menu, awesome patio. The absolute best people-watching and drinks spot in the city. Glad to have you back, Harris Grill!
3	Beer selection is pretty decent. They have lots of "Sex in the City"-wannabe martinis to go w/ the "Sex in the City"-wannabe crowd. But don't expect to run into some skinny b!tch in Manolos. It's more in that "That's SOOO my life" delusion way so common these days. Food is okay, but I find it's kind of hit or miss depending on what you're ordering and what night it is. Nothing stellar. One does not go here for the food rather the patio and the free bacon on Tuesdays. Service is also possibly very good or very bad. I actually don't even remotely hate this place. It's a fun place to be.
3	This is the bar that will not die, nor should it with it's awesome outdoor space.  These guys have one of the best patio areas in the Burgh, second of course to Mallorca's outside area. The food is creatively named but otherwise not their dramatic strong suit.  Granted, everything I've had there is good (pierogies, chicken breasts named "Nice Breasts", Turkey Burgher), but not overly spectacular. The beer menu, however, is inspired.  These guys stock more unique beers like Omegang Hennepin and Victory Ales that are not usually on most bar menus in town.  And you have to give this bar credit for using a flame-logo after having burnt down 3 times.
4	Nice!  Spacious outdoor patio in the front, but it tends to fill up fast.  That's ok, though, because the inside is comfortable as well and has two floors, the second of which contains a lounge area with couches.  Interesting beer selection, all pretty high quality in my humble opinion.  Our waitress kicked butt, and was friendly enough to chat with us for a few minutes each time she came by.  The burger I ordered was about two inches thick and very tasty.  Our shared pierogies and hummus with pita vanished within minutes.
3	I had heard of "bacon night" from a friend and ended up going to the Harris Grille with some out of towners, hoping we could pull off a memorable bacon-y Pittsburgh experience. Though I'm told others have had better luck our server was forgetful and many jokes were made to explain time and time again why no bacon had appeared. I'd say skip the bacon night. Other wise the turkey burger I had was affordable and tasty with a salad on the side. I had an organic Oatmeal ale that I would recommend. The menu was humorous and others at my table were also pleased with their food. It's a step up from standard bar food and not greasy which is a +. The interior was dark- too dark for my tastes unless your on a date and after that mood. Outside was nice- they ran out of seating shortly after we arrived and several people stood around us, but again, maybe this was an effect of bacon night. Enjoyable enough. I would go back- good chill spot for a group if you can wrangle seats.
2	I went here last night with a couple of friends befor watchin' the black and gold complete the almost annual boring task of wooping' on some brownie as* in Cleveland.  We were seated upstairs at a great table upstairs facing ellseworth.  The view was great watching many of my fellow burghers' imbibe on a windy Sunday afternoon.  The positive experience ended here.  Well, maybe except for the humorous menu that made me smile.  The waitress was so below average, you know the type... she is doing you a favor by taking your order.  I had the pierogies appetizer which was flavorless potato filling served in a overcooked pasta shell served in vegetable oil with maybe one or two slices of onions.  Come on!  This is Pittsburgh. You should be ashamed.  Then another server brought my burger and I made the unforgivable mistake of asking her to grab me another beer.  Sorry, I know you are not the one who took my order, but you are bringing my food.  I've made this mistake before and usually the person says "okay, I'll let your server know", not "Ummmm, I'm not serving you,, you'll have to talk to your server".  Funny, I thought you might run into each other in the back.  Anyways, the burger was close to inedible burnt to a crisp resembled a hockey puck.  We also tried the hummus which was pretty good.  I ordered a kettle one with cranberry and was brought absolut.  Friends ordered a chicken sandwich and a chicken salad.  They both said they were pretty good, if not a little dry.  Then we had to wait 30 minutes to get our bill.  If they executed the food well and had at least average service I'd be back, however they don't and I won't.
3	Wasn't that hungry and was looking for a good places for alcohol and appetizers and stumbled upon Harris.  Fun times.NICE:- Unique selection of beers.  I'm no expert, but I hadn't heard of 3/4 of them and the waiter recommended a tasty blueberry one.- Decent, spicy mussels.  Not the best I've ever had, but be honest with yourself, you're not going to find awesome seafood in Pittsburgh.  Wasn't rubbery at all and the sauce was nice.- Tasty, perfectly-sized, bite sized cheeseburger appetizers.- Wings that weren't too greasy yet very flavorful.- We were there for bacon night.  Who would have thought eating strips of plain ol' bacon would be good?  It is!- Nice patio.  Not too packed so you can talk, yet busy enough that you feel like you're part of the action.- Friendly, attentive, helpful waiter.WEIRD:- Took forever to get drinks and food.- My coworker said the wings weren't legit jerk chicken like advertised.- The patio was a little too... romantic.  Meaning it was so dark I couldn't read the menu except by holding it up to the little candle at our table.  Ditto when we went inside for a bit.  Maybe that'd be awesome if I was on a sexy date instead of with two coworker dudes.  I wasn't.  :(All in all, I'd come back if I was looking for a date place to have a light dinner or a place to chill with some close friends.
3	They tell me it's global warming; but, I just don't want to get into a scientific/political debate about this. All I'll say is if global warming means I get these beautiful nights in early November, I don't know what the big deal is. Ok, before I get flamed, I'll just continue with my review...I was fortunate enough to eat at Harris Grill on a beautiful night in early November. The temperature was just about perfect for a fall night to eat out on their patio. The outside seating gives a really nice atmosphere to wind down after a long day at work. Now I know why people like coming here for Happy Hour. The inside has a nice lounge area, also good for getting to know your co-workers outside of the office structure. I give it a good solid 4 stars for the restaurant itself.The food is okay too. I had the Lettuce Pray - seared tuna and grilled peppers with lettuce to wrap it all in. I liked it; it was a nice small snack to accompany my beer. I did enjoy the entertaining menu names. The beer selection is not that big, but they have an ok variety to choose from.  For the food, I'll give it 2.5 stars because, although it wasn't bad, it also wasn't anything to remember. 3 stars for Harris Grill. I would definitely recommend this place when you just want to go out on a casual fun night with friends. You can grab a drink, order something to nosh on, but you're really there to enjoy the company.
4	Excellent vegetarian options, excellent beer selection, good non-vegetarian options, and an all-you-can-eat bacon night.  The wait staff is awesome, friendly, and knowledgeable.The average patron, unfortunately, isn't half as cool as the staff, and I avoid the mixed drinks, as the scotch and soda I had was just bad.  Plus, there's an awesome patio, but it's the smoking section, unless that's changed.Sunday brunch is also designed to cure the common hangover, which isn't a bad plan.
4	if this place was not around the corner from me, i probably would not frequent it as much as i do.however, i have had many good times here...the atmosphere is cozy and has become my #1 spot for sat/sun brunch gab seshes with the girls. i equally enjoy the frozen cosmos (w/ the shot of chambord of course!). the food is a little pricey for what you get but the menu is pretty amusing. lastly, i absolutely love the vegetarian chili- it is probably my favorite item. see you again in '09 harris grill!
3	I like this place, I really do, they have a great selection of beers and a nice atmosphere. My most recent experience here was a three-starrer though- we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for 6 and were seated at a table for 4 with 2 chairs on one end (it was new year's day at 8pm, they weren't THAT busy), and then it took at least another 30 (maybe 45) minutes for our 4 food orders to come. To boot, my "medium rare" burger was overdone and lacking in flavor. The fries were excellent as usual though, as was the beer.
3	I go to Harris most every week for happy hour, which features excellent half-price wings (I like the "Colombian Gum Numbers") and beers.  The atmosphere is very classy, and there's  a nice patio to sit on when the weather's pleasant.  I never go outside of happy hour, though, because it's just too damn expensive.  $6 beers?  $6 for 6 wings?  Why do hipsters like overpaying for things?  I don't know, but they must, as this place is always packed to the gills with them.
5	Why hasn't anyone mentioned bacon night? Do they still have it? We found this place a couple year ago when we lived down the street in shadsterside.  Everything that I could want and more.. best place in the burgh.  Since moving to DC, I am still on their email list and tear up a little when I realize what specials and events I am missing at Harris.
2	Harris has a nice patio and a decent bar, but good luck getting served.  If it is crowded or the bar is just full I've always had to wait to get served.The beer selection is decent, but not all that big.  For a much larger beer selection check out Buffalo Blues a few blocks down the road.The best part is the patio, if you want decent food and good outdoor seating, Harris is a good choice - if you don't mind waiting.
4	This place is just great. I'd say stick to happy hour though. Half price draft beers, frozen cosmos, and wings. Really, that's the only reason I originally went to Harris. The frozen cosmos are awesome; the draft beer selection is equally as awesome.The food is surprisingly good at Harris. The outdoor patio is great for happy hour if the weather is nice. I haven't been there past the hours of 9 so I can't really speak on its status as a night spot.
5	I eat at Harris' all the time.  I don't even MEAN to, I just happen to end up here a lot.  I think it's because it's the kind of place that lots of people can agree on - pretty good food and drinks and a KILLER patio.  For me, the patio kicks it up from 4 to 5 stars.  in the winter they don't serve lunch.  In the summer this place is hoppin' all the time and yes, I'm that jerk hogging a giant table waiting for my friends to show up - they're just PARKING.(speaking of parking - don't park in the lot next door you WILL get towed!)None of the other reviews mentioned yet that they recently changed the menu - one of the great new additions is the BBQ pork sandwich.  I love it in slider form - get the coleslaw with it and stick it on the sando.  delish.  I don't even LIKE coleslaw - including on a primanti's bros sando - so you know it's good.The mac and cheese (add the andouille sausage!) is a staple and you can get a mini version as a side to an entree for just a little extra.  Another new addition is the chicken fried bacon - yes, you read that correctly.  It is a hearty plate of bacon that is battered and fried and comes with white gravy.  I've shared it 3 times with friends and each time it's been a little different but also kind of left me a little queasy although with a happy novelty food feeling.  I would definitely not recommend one person trying to eat this unless they were trying to commit suicide by bacon - which I also don't recommend - and I LOVE bacon.   Overall I love this place and I don't think the drinks are more expensive than most of the other places on Ellsworth - half price frozen cosmos are definitely worth it.  Service is also usually great.
1	Harris Grill was long one of my favorite spots to goto just about any night of the week.  However it's changed in recent months and I don't think I will return.On a recent Thursday night, my friend and I had possibly the worst waitress ever.  Her name was Amanda and this is my story about her as our waitress.She was not present for about 15 minutes after we were sat.  She finally appeared and asked us for our drink order. She disappeared for about 10 minutes before returning.  She served us our drinks then immediately left for another table. It was another 5 to 10 minutes before she came by again, this time taking our order for food.She return 5 minutes later with another round of drinks which we don't remember ordering, but we weren't going to complain. We never saw her the rest of the night.Other waitresses were making their rounds every 5 minutes out on the patio, but ours never appeared once.  I thought she may have died in back in the kitchen or was burned beyond recognition.  I even asked one of the other waitresses out of concern for her safety if she was okay.  She said they would check.  She returned not long after and said she was alright.  I relaxed a little, until another 15 minutes went by... it was now about 30 minutes since we had ordered and no food.We waited a bit longer, we still hadn't seen Amanda (our waitress for those paying attention).  An hour went by and we had had enough. I really couldn't believe this.  Not only did we not have our food, but we hadn't seen our waitress in an hour.  An hour.  What the hell?
4	Most of the reviews are regarding slow service and crappy waitresses.  While things such as that must be mentioned, I have to say Harris Grill is a favorite spot of mine.It was the go to place for large groups and a small catch-up with a friend.The frozen cosmos with a shot of chambourd is AMAZING.  4 bucks between 4:30 and 6:30.   YUM!  2 of those and you won't notice if the service is slow or not!I think the food is great and I love the upstairs view and the patio out in front.  The one time I had a less than stellar meal, my waitress removed it from the bill with no hassle.I will always stay an advocate of Harris.  It is a happy place for me!
4	I used to come here at least once a week for happy hour--now I go about once a month. The draw is mainly the patio and the happy hour. They also have a great draft selection and most people admit to liking the frozen cosmos (the rest are just lying). I've never had their brunch so I can't weigh in, but I love the baby burgers and spinach and artichoke dip. Most of their food is good. They have a tendency to over cook the regular size burgers. Tuesday nights are bacon night, and it's delicious bacon--some of the best I've ever had. The service and waiting time for a seat can be a serious drawback. Some of the wait staff are great, others no so much. But it's still a fun neighborhood bar with lots of charm and personality.
4	A quick bar update: when I was here over the weekend, I noticed that they are now offering a frozen mimosa with Sunday brunch.  During my visit, they were also offering a new cocktail on special.  It consisted of fresh muddled watermelon.  There were even seeds in the glass!  It was tasty and novel, but the amount of triple sec made it too sweetly acidic.
5	As a cocktail lover (more than a sports-bar fan), Harris' is by far my favorite bar in the area. I can't even count the amount of times I've gone here with a group of girls and the waitresses have had to manage trays and trays of frozen cosmo's (which, like many have mention, at about $3 for happy hour = awesome). They have a vast and eclectic cocktail menu; another of my favorites from which is their caramel appletini with a floating apple slice in it.I'm also a big fan of their food; most notable the buffalo chicken dip which has a really strong, zesty flavor and their Thanksgiving burger (ground turkey w/ cranberry, a little bit of gravy sauce, and mash potatoes on the side). Also, who can forget free bacon Tuesdays? This place has it all.
4	Two Words: Frozen CosmosYou need no other motivation to go to Harris' (although, the food and service is good too)
3	I've been to Harris Grill many times. My favorite thing is their happy hour -- half off all drafts, frozen cosmos, and wings from 4:30-6:30 PM. I'm happiest if I just stop by for a couple of brews and wings. The strawberry chipolte wings are great -- I just love the flavor of the sauce. It's not too spicy but very good.Aside from happy hour, I've had very mixed experiences with the food there.  Sometimes it's been good, other times it's been overcooked and/or bland. I've also had some fairly slow service there but nothing bad enough to stop me from going back.It's definitely a place worth checking out (you guys be sure to take a stop in the bathroom while you're there... I hear they have a very interesting urinal), but I tend to stick to bar food/brews when I go.
4	I frequent Harris Grill quite often. Whenever we need a place in walking distance I always pick them over all the other high priced or mediocre Shadyside restaurant/bars. Their menu changes seasonally and is always hilarious (more so than Mad Mex, which they poke fun at along with other local restaurants). They're surprisingly vegetarian friendly for the amount of meat they have on their menu. I have not had anything here that wasn't delicious; favorites will come and go, but I'm a fan of their HUGE salads and the eggplant lasagna (noodle free). Absolutely go for brunch - Sundays 10 to 2. It will either be a buffet or a menu for a fixed price of $13. VERY meat heavy, but I'm sure there is always something veggie-friendly, but never expect vegan-friendly. They include two drinks and a fresh fruit plate - one of the drinks can be a bloody mary (which we got and regretted, it was very unpalatable) or a frozen mimosa (get that instead). What I really love, aside from the fantastic food, is the creative cocktails. These drinks are going to be on the $8.50 side, some are worth it and some aren't, but The $3 Frozen Cosmo happy hour is the best deal on Ellsworth. Even if you're a manly man, this very pink booze slushie is amazing. Go with a big group and ask for the lounge upstairs or a window booth. Service is usually either chipper and delightful or just barely okay. We don't come here for the service or the dim lights - we go for a good meal and you should too.
4	Harris grill is lively, unpretentious, and has good food. Its patio is a great place to linger on a warm evening, and the bar and restaurant are good places for cheap food on colder winter nights.
4	One of the best casual restaurants in Shadyside, and to echo a previous reviewer, always at the top of my list when I want someplace walkable.  My most recent trip was this past Saturday (1/23/10).  I was hoping that the unseasonably warm weather would make for good outdoor dining on their awesome patio (I'm pretty sure they were voted near the top for outdoor dining in one of the local Pittsburgh magazines) however, the rest of my party nixed that idea.My usual order includes the mini pulled-pork sandwiches (swine & dandies), the mini crab cake sandwiches (crabby-patties), a side of the macaroni and cheese (I defy you to find better mac & cheese in Pittsburgh) and the buffalo wing dip.  I would highly recommend any of these dishes.This trip, I tried the pierogies for the first time.  They were decent, although they seemed a little overcooked on the outside (too much time in the frying pan).  I also had the full sized pulled pork sandwich and a side of the aforementioned mac & cheese.  As usual, these were great.  I definitely recommend giving this place a try.  As other reviewers said, the frozen Cosmo's are great, and definitely add the shot.  For beer drinkers, their prices are somewhere between fair and overpriced, but they have a very large selection of unique bottled beers.
3	Wow.  I know a lot of people who drool over this place.  I am a semi regular.  I like the people and drinks, but the food is just a disappointment. Last night I had one of the worst burgers I've ever eaten.  severely overcooked (i ordered it medium) and charred. I had to coat the thing with mustard and franks to get it down my throat. and yeah yeah I know I couldn't sent it back but I didn't.  I've eaten at a beer dinner.  I've eaten there numerous times for dinner.  and I've never been blown away.The best things in my opinion are the black and blue medallions, wings, and two dishes served at a beer dinner that arent on the menu.I would say harris is great for a happy hour, maybe some finger foods, decent draft beer, and frozen cosmos.  If you want to eat dinner just dont have terribly high expectations.  Sorry harris, the food has gone down hill a lot.
4	Went out with some friends for a ladies night.  We had a great time in the environment, our server was very friendly.  I had the truly dirty - which was truly delicios!  Our food was good.  I had the falafel and side salad.  They had a drink menu that is pages and pages long.  We all had good food and great drinks.  (March 10th Bells Brewery will be there)
3	Harris Grill is a decent place to head to in Shadyside.  The drinks are well-made and the tap selection is nice.  The atmosphere is great and the crowd is hip.  The food, however, has disappointed me on multiple occasions.  Harris is on a nice little section of Ellsworth with a big outdoor deck in front and back.  They're great places to chill out on a summer day.  The inside is nicely decorated and has several levels.  The drinks here are good.  Apparently the frozen cosmo is great, but anything with "frozen" in the name isn't my sort of thing.  The tap selection is constantly rotating.  Happy hour here is great, with cheap beers and wings.  It's one of my favorites in the city.  And of course, no review can go without a mention of Tuesday night, where free bacon is served with drinks!The food, I'm sad to report, is pretty mediocre though.  Not that they're not trying to have interesting things on the menu, but it all just ends up not being that great.  The prix fixe brunch is similar.  The menu is pretty hilarious, but the food usually disappoints.  The exception is the wings - which do have great sauces, especially the strawberry chipotle BBQ.  The service, however, is very good, as are the bartenders.BOTTOM LINE:  Go here, but stick to the drinks or wings.  It's a fun place with a great atmosphere and happy hour.  Prices are moderate and pretty standard for Shadyside.
2	only a stupid, spoiled, new york shiksa such as myself would order something on the menu called a latke at a place like this ("the boxty").  it was disgusting and didnt resemble any latke i have ever seen.  lucky me, i had about 4 bloody marys during the hour wait for my table so I was full anyway.
4	Really fun place to go, especially if you have a sense of humor and enjoy good food.I've been here twice and never been disappointed.  Their menu descriptions change periodically, as if one of their staff members got a degree in comedy writing but hasn't made his/her big break yet.  It's always fun reading the menu for the quirky stories that poke fun at CMU students or current events or what have you.Menu content aside.  I've never been disappointed with the food.  The fish tacos are definitely an excellent bang for the buck, at under $10 (maybe under $9 but I don't recall exactly) and comes with a side of your choice.  The spinach dip is delicious but just a tad too cheesy for me.  I had one of their pasta dishes a long time ago, loaded with chicken and vegetables, which was one of their pricier items, but it was a large dish so I was able to eat it the next day.Also, if you're not driving, please try their dessert drinks.  Or at least read the menu for it.  You'd have to splurge a little, but they're still worth a try.  For those not interested in dessert drinks or mixed drinks, the beer selection is decent here, too.Overall, I like coming here.  It's kind of like entering a house, with the various seating areas -- tables if you like (inside or outside), or couches if you prefer to lounge around.  The lighting is dim but warm.  Music is contemporary and lively.  It's a great place for young people.
2	This place is going downhill fast. I went for the infamous bacon night this past Tuesday and wow - it sucked. First off, our waitress just wasn't good. She forgot to put our order for a basket of bacon in and we had to ask for it thirty five mins later. Bacon doesn't take that long to cook. Then, we had to ask for ranch with our wings - which we'd already requested, but she'd brought us bleu cheese instead. Oh, AND they were out of bacon wings! On bacon night! WTF. Anyways, we also had to request sour cream for the pierogies, which is normally brought out with them, plates (b/c we were sharing several appetizers), and ketchup. Why ketchup? Let me tell you. We'd ordered the sliders as well, and it was the saddest display of baby burgers I've ever seen. They were brought out on one of the same small plates that we had for sharing our apps - like the size of a saucer that you'd put a tea cup on. And there were only TWO of them. Two! For six bucks I'll go get six non-mini burgers at freaking mcdonalds. And to top it off, they were dry as the sahara and served with NOTHING. I got the sliders at Harris about six months ago and there were four sliders to an order, and they were served on a fanciful, long plate with a selection of condiments - you know, ketchup, tomato, onion, mustard, etc. Normal things that people put on burgers every day. So, that was really disappointing. But it wasn't over.The bacon "baskets" arrived. The simple fact that they serve it in a basket seems to imply that there will be a pretty decent amount of bacon in there, right? Nope. There were literally exactly four sad little pieces. The big basket only made 'em look all the sadder. And they'd somehow managed to burn half of each slice black, while the other half was rubbery and undercooked. Yuck. Overall, I would never go back again if it wasn't for the fact that I have a gift certificate. The only things Harris has going for it right now are its patios, cleverly written menu, and nice location on Ellsworth ave. Oh, and a lot of condescending d-bags, if you're into that kinda thing.
5	Gotta love this place.  With a warm atmosphere, friendly staff, and wonderful food and drinks, the Harris Grill is a fantastic place to spend an evening eating and imbibing.  The patio is seasonally quite comfortable, the menu is hilarious, and the beer taps rotate frequently with local and craft brews.
4	Deck seating during Happy Hour gets a big thumbs up from me.  I personally prefer the frozen cosmo without chambord--it's sweet enough.  At three bucks during Happy Hour, I don't care that the frozen cosmo looks ultra girly pink.  I also had an East End smoked beer, that was completely vegetarian, even though it might not have tasted that way.The food's decent here.  The pasta in the macaroni and cheese was cooked perfectly--not too mushy.  The sauce was rich, though I might have liked some toasted breadcrumbs for a crunchy contrast.  The bread that came with the spinach dip, though, was too hard.  The food is more three-star worthy, but the deck and Happy Hour drink specials bump the overall rating to four.I can't complain about the service here.  They treated us fine even though we were a large group, and you know how large groups can be kind of pesky because we're not terribly coordinated when it comes to ordering and all that.  They even gave us separate checks without complaint.  The gratuity was already included, which was okay by me--it's just a lot more convenient having my own bill instead of trying to figure out my share from one communal bill.Gentlemen, I'm told the urinals in the men's room are "interesting."
4	For a summer chill-out spot in Shadyside--especially during happy hour--I don't think it gets better than Harris Grill. Patio seating and half-price drafts: yes please. The menus for beer and food are both varied and interesting, as well as full of enough snark to almost make you forget you're in Pittsburgh's most demure neighborhood. I've never eaten or drank inside, but the surroundings seem darker/slower in there than on the patio.
3	I wish i could rate it 3.5... There are certain foods that are mediocre, but certain foods that I loved! The steak burger was amazing  (is it delmonico?).  And definetly get tater tots instead of fries. Fish tacos are delicious as well. Also they have great frozen cosmo and amazing bloody mary!I personally did not like the waiters as they are a bit pushy with trying to get you to order more drinks/food. Their selection of beer seems pretty cool, but I have never once tried any of their beer and liked it, also they seemed a bit on the warmer side. Also their dips (like the babaganoush) are awful... seems like they have a big bucket of it, then slap some of it on a place, reheat for 30 seconds, and serve.
3	Your lips are attempting to distract me from the heinous crime you're committing. That's what I said to the urinal in the Men's room at the Harris Grill. The urinal that is a bright-red lipped mouth is a fine idea; however, you blew it when you placed it within 6 inches of the sink, sans partition. Having said that...Harris Grill left a taste in my mouth that wasn't the pink urinal puck...it was of the fine Belgian Ale on tap (a clean tap with ample choices from Troeg to Belgian seasonals) and the half-price wings that were keeping me sweaty on the chilly September Pittsburgh patio. Harris Grill goes down as the first place I fully enjoyed a wing sauce that wasn't Buffalo...their Jamaican Jerk made me boogie. The pulled pork and slaw was traditional, which I appreciated. Forgo the thought you'll park close to Harris...it's tucked in a great neighborhood...embrace the walk. Embrace the heat of the wings. Embrace what local joints in Pittsburgh have to offer.
5	I can't believe this place hasn't gotten more 5 star reviews.  People!  This is as good as it gets...well at least when it comes to drinks and blackened chicken sandwiches (Henny Penny).  I've been to all sorts of places, pubs, restaurants, cities and tried variations of the Henny Penny and this is the ultimate in blackened chicken sandwiches.  Overall, I really like the vibe of this place.  It's totally unpretentious although it's in a very prententious part of the city.  The crowd is usually laid back and it's a great place to hang out with some friends, grab some drinks, and eat some killer food.  So what are you waiting for, get yourself a Henny Penny!
3	Good Belgium beer selection!!Small patio even smaller bar.  Appears to always be very crowded regardless of time of day.  This place has a lot of neighborhood dive bar charm complete with tatt'ed hipsters both server and served.There is one dude with dreadlocks to his knees.  The locals observation of this guy is he is usually in a bad mood and rude.  I didn't interact with him so I cannot comment.  However, I really don't like the idea of someone with hair that has been unwashed for more than 5 years handling my food or walking by food with 4 foot long dreadlocks - which is why we only drank there. The locals suggest that the reason he appears to be in a bad mood all the time is that he has not washed his hair in the past decade.  :o)We didn't eat, but the beer selection was awesome.  There were several Belgium beers and our waitress was very good at suggesting some very good beers that I have not had before.
5	My go to spot when I just want to relax with some friends.  Great drinks and craft beer selection is coupled with very good food.  Make sure to checkout the lounge upstairs during those cold winter months.  During the summer grab a seat on either the front patio for people watching, or the back patio for a nice quiet and private drink.  Good brunch turns great once the patios are closed, as the brunch buffet becomes a la carte.  This brings about the Breakfast Smil... err, Simile.  Home fries, bacon, sausage, eggs, and pancakes all on one giant plate.
2	Food: the food at Harris grill is the epitome of average, nothing is great and nothing is terrible, everything is mediocre, there are plenty of options for vegetarians, and they have an unnatural love of bacon here, the appetizers are more interesting than the entreesPrice: too expensive for the quality of the food, the prices aren't staggering, but considering the quality of the food it feels like you are overpaying for nearly everythingDrinks: beer is one of the strengths of Harris, always a good selection of draft beers, and an extensive bottle beer list, the mixed drinks are all average to below average though and the bartenders do not mix good drinks, aside from the signature Frozen Cosmo I would stay away from everything, including the mojitoAtmosphere: this is what you pay for at Harris, they have a beautiful porch for outdoor seating in the front, an equally nice back porch, and the inside decor is pleasant as well, the menus are very cleverly organized and a lot of personality was put into the presentationService: the service is average at best, we have had meals and specific orders confused multiple times, service is also slow(+): great location, great atmosphere, good beer(-): overpriced food, poor service, worse bartendingWould I go back again? Only because I live nearby.
4	So, I'm going to give this place 4 stars based on four key aspects of Harris Grill:Star 1 - outdoor seating; the deck space is amazing, and although the wait for it can be long, it's nice to be able to enjoy fresh air.Star 2 - the menu; not only does it provide entertainment value, but its eclectic choice of fare goes above typical bar foodStar 3 - happy hour specials; are amazing -- maybe I say this because I come from Boston where there are no happy hour drink specialsStar 4 - good mix of people here; from medical residents to hipsters, everyone frequents this place.  at least from what I've seen.  Downsides: waiting for outdoor seating; smokers outside
4	good food.good drinks.good patio.GREAT urinal.
2	This place just bored me.Really don't know what to say.Bored, bored, bored, bored, bored.
2	It's a good thing Harris Grill has good beer and Bacon Night since otherwise you wouldn't have anything to occupy you for the 45 minutes to an hour it takes to get food on your table from the point in time that you order.  FYI - definitely order that last round of drinks (plus an additional one) as you ask for your bill since the poor service doesn't stop when the food actually gets to your table.  I wrote HG off the first time I went there, then gave them a second chance after a friend asked me.  Guess what my final assessment is.
3	Atmosphere - downstairs was nice and cozy with the fireplace roaring. Upstairs was a bit chilly and we were seated in front of a huge window overlooking Ellsworth Ave which was nice, but I was freezing in front of that window. Service was great. Our waiter was very helpful and attentive, but not overly so. Food was good. Best greek salad ever, french fries and onion rings frozen and fried, my falafel was almost burnt, would have been delicious if taken out of the frier 3 minutes earlier and JB's Italian hoagie got his seal of approval. The menu and attitude of the place is witty and fun, we'll be back for sure.
4	I used to be a regular at Harris Grill until I moved a bit further away, but I still try to return for the I Can Haz Bacon Cheesburger and Bacon night. Where else can you go on a Tuesday and order a side of bacon with your meal?While Harris isn't the only place in Pittsburgh where you can get your drinks delivered to you by a cute hipster waitstaff, it certainly has one of the widest & best beer selections in the city. I've also heard tell that the frozen cosmos are quite good.
3	I went here last night with my "man-friend" around 9:00ish to get some grub.  We were starving so we were a bit disappointed that it was a 30-45 minute wait but it was a friday night.  We perused the drink list (it is a bit confusing because it looks like a facebook page) but settled on a MOFOjito and a margarita.  The MOFOjito (mojito with pomegranate) and the marg were served in pint glasses which was a surprise but so was the $20 tab for both of them. My "man-friend" was appalled (he is normally an IC Light kinda guy).After we waited by the very dimly lit bar for about 45 minutes the hostess sat us at a table in the downstairs portion of the restaurant (basically right next to where we were standing.) I started off with the veggie chili which was hearty and filling. It was topped with sour cream and served with a pita chip...delish.  I also ordered a spinach salad which the server explained to me is now different from what's on the menu.  Something about no strawberries, crumbled blue cheese, spiced pecans... It was definitely a change for the WORSE. The salad came out looking rather lonely with sliced almonds, 4 orange slices and chunks of mozzarella cheese.  It was sooooo bland. The dressing was just straight up balsamic vinegar.  Not only was it bland but it was tiny (almost looked like a side salad for $9.50). My date got the 'Salad a la pittsburgh' he wasn't thrilled by it either. His was much bigger than my salad and came with chicken (i think it was $1.00 more). We didn't get alcoholic drinks with dinner and our bill was $29.00 which isn't that much more than our bar tab for 2 drinks. Pros: Lively, fireplace when you walk in the door, a bunch of vegetarian options, big drink list, Cons: Pricey drinks, very dark inside, sub-par salads, "funny" menu ( you have to read the whole description to figure out each item, I understand how lazy that sounds but witty names are only good once in a while)Overall: Might go go back and not get a salad.  The beer selection looked promising.
4	Being an outsider to Pittsburgh, I wasn't expecting much before we walked into Harris Grill. As soon as we entered, it was clear that this place had a lot more ambiance. The Pro's:- The menu is funny.- There are a fair number of vegetarian options which are clearly labeled- The onion rings are amazing.- The portions are large, you can get more than you fill for a good price- They have root beer floats!- Our server was hilarious, you know that self-deprecating kind of humorThe Con's:- There were a lot of items that had run out- The service was a bit slow...it took forever for that root beer float to come out.Overall, I'd come back!
4	My initial impression of Harris Grill was depth and character.  It was a feeling of visiting a friend's family during a holiday.  I could literally feel generations of customer satisfaction and implored character from the ownership.  I have yet to eat a meal there, aside the experience of maybe 12 pieces of bacon during their seemingly imfamous "Bacon Night".  Should you find pairing foods with drinks, try the volatile yet interesting challenge of pairing imports and domestics, maybe even wine or liqour, with a tray of sizzling bacon during Harris Grill's Bacon Nights.Once again, the feeling of personal relationships and character run deep within this establishment, which seems to be the norm in shadyside.  I plan on visiting this establishment more frequently to get to know its staff and regulars.  I'm eagerly awaiting it's spring and summer enviornment so I can give a well rouneded, highly anticipated 5 star review.
3	Harris Grill and I spent an amazing Saturday morning together a few months ago when I was suffering from a near-death hangover. It brought me back to life with two stellar Bloody Marys (they were half-price!), a salad topped with locally made cheese curds (absolutely perfect, even for a shaky stomach) and hot, crispy wings (not half-price but so tasty I ordered seconds anyway). The restaurant was slow so it was nice and quiet while my Advil settled in. The bartender was on the water refills like a hawk, but was chill enough to leave me and my dining companion in peace while we ate (it is impossible to overvalue an observant bartender).   The menu descriptions are on the rambling side but that's okay because they're pretty funny. And I wouldn't be a competent reviewer if I didn't mention that every Tuesday the bars are lined with baskets of free bacon. You read that right--bacon is their bar snack.They have a huge outdoor seating area that I plan on taking advantage of late into Pittsburgh's warm summer nights--they're open until 2 a.m. every day except Sunday.
3	Don't understand the hype, as this place serves slightly above-average bar food in a hipsterish, semi-romantic atmosphere. I cannot comment on the bar and/or alcoholic beverages as I did not imbibe on my recent visit, but the menu didn't do much for me.We arrived on a busy Saturday night, but were seated within 20 minutes. Not bad, but our table was questionable. They took a big, corner booth and split it in half so that 2 parties of four could be accommodated sitting directly across from each other. It was kind of weird obligatorily staring at the couple across from me, but I digress.Some of my fellow diners started off with the Vegetarian Chili. I sampled some and it was well-spiced and hearty, I didn't miss the meat. We also started off with the Spinach Dip. The dip itself was fine, though I've never really eaten anywhere that could screw up spinach dip.The entrees then arrived. My companion decided to have their signature Mac and Cheese. The noodles were a perfect al dente, and the cheese itself had a sharp bite. It became difficult to eat after a few bites, however, for the dish was missing a textural contrast. It would've benefited from some breadcrumbs baked on top.I decided to sample their bacon cheeseburger, which the establishment is apparently pretty proud of. It was cooked to a true medium rare, which is a rare (no pun intended) find in this city. Also, the bacon was heavenly, an ideal combination of lean and fat. They take their bacon seriously here, and it was easily the most interesting part of the burger. The pros of the burger end there however. It was, besides the bacon, pretty boring. The accompaniments (lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, ketchup, mustard) were standard. The patty itself, while well-cooked and of a good quality, was unfortunately underseasoned. The burger could've benefited from something that gave it pizzaz, like a sauce, some spice, or even some more salt!I opted for onion rings as a side to my burger. They were large, battered, sweet, and a little crispy, though quite greasy.Maybe it was because it was a busy Saturday night that I was disappointed. I was expecting some high class bar food at this spot. The common theme of the meal was that although the dishes were competently executed, they all lacked something (such as textural contrast) that could've elevated them to true greatness. Definitely not worth the price.
4	Great place for Sunday brunch (they only serve brunch on Sundays)I have had a hard time since moving to the east side of the country to find a brunch that is worth talking about. Harris Grill does brunch and spicy bloody marys right. The service during Sunday Brunch can be a bit slow..but aren't we all after a good night out?
2	Appearance is bestThe drinks and food don't live upTo expectations.(b)
5	I ate at the Harris Grill for the first time last night, and it was fantastic! It will not be my last time there. The staff was very friendly and welcoming! I ordered a Surly Temple, which was cherry and fizzy, and perfect for enjoying. It was a tad cool on the front patio to enjoy the whole drink, but this will definitely be my summer drink!My boyfriend and I started out with the hummus and pita bread. I ate half of it before he had any! Oops! It was really great hummus!! I could have stopped here and been really happy, but I was hungry, so I ordered the mac and cheese and added grilled chicken. Oh holy cow!! This mac and cheese is cheesy, but not overly so. It's the perfect amount of gooey for mac and cheese. The chicken was seasoned, tender, and not dry. Great mac and cheese!!I'm already looking forward to my next trip to Harris Grill!!
5	I've been in Pittsburgh this past weekend for the first time in four years, so my two visits to the Harris Grill recently were the only ones I've made since it burned down a few years back.  Prior to that, I lived in Pittsburgh and ate at the Harris Grill at least a couple times each month.Fortunately, not much has changed in the time I've been gone.  Sure, there are a few new things on the menu, and some of the old items are gone, but, as always, the draft beer list rocks, the servers are awesome, the food is fantastic, and the clientele is fabulous.I think my girlfriend and I broke open the front porch for the year on Friday, as we sat, alone, in the chill Spring afternoon, eating amazing hummus and drinking beers and cocktails.  We won't be back again (at least) until the end of June, so Harris employees, please keep the seats warm and the beer cold!
5	The fact that this place has a bacon night has impressed me for years.  I would receive fat-smudged pages of letters written at this bar, the samples of Dogfish head dripped onto dog-eared corners for me to scratch, sniff, and lick at my discretion.The men's room alone is a reflection I would leave unchanged in my description of this place.  The orange/yellow urinal and the sink are shaped in the Rolling Stone's mouth logo.Next time I visit Pittsburgh I will do brunch there with friends,
4	2 words: TATER TOTS! tater tots give me such a nostalgic feeling thinking back to my elementary, middle school days-- i get them everytime im at harris grill for the following reasons:(1) a plate of them costs, lets say, $3 bucks n they pile like 20 to 30 tots so that makes it like .10 cents for a bite of salty heaven(2) the unexpected great companion for booze ---- especially since harris grill does have a whole book filled with different cocktails, you're gonna b there for a while... and you're going to get hungry sooo u no where im going with this(3) tater tots are AWESOME!(4) every good thing associated with tater tots, do i need to say more?but seriously i have tried other things there, n they are just as fabulous, the calamari is definitely a must-try.. their bacon n cheese burger is glorious, even the vegan falafel tasted like i was eating meat (meaning that it was just as flavorful as everything else)the ambiance is what you want it to b, i've come here with my girlfriends, i've also come here with a posse of dudes and not to mention on suit night with my best guy friend.. its always a good time.  i love dining here esp when its warm out so my friends n i can chill on the deck n drink to the moon and stars
5	Completely surprised by this place! The drinks were good, strong & cheap. The food was excellent. For 3 vodka drinks, 2 beers, chicken & veggie quesadillas and mini burgers, we paid $35. Cute, dark, little place with outside seating. We sat at the bar. Got great service!
5	Harris Grill is, hands down, one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Yes, it's in Shadyside, which I usually avoid at all costs, but I never have a problem making an exception for this spot.I don't think I've ever had something on the menu that I didn't fall in love with.  My husband and I are huge fans of the 'goat in a boat' (cheese and pepper dip served with yummy hot pita triangles), but there's nothing more satisfying after a few rounds of drinks than their baby burghers and horseradish mashed potatoes.Speaking of drinks, they have one of the most extensive mixed drink lists in the city.  If you find conversation with your dinner mates a bit dull, you can just page through the 'Grill Swill' menu for a few good laughs, and even some conversation starters.  I love the 'Surly Temple,' and my husband prides himself on sampling each and every type of Manhattan they offer.  Harris Grill is home to some of the best bartenders in the city (and also one of the hottest ;).Tuesday night at the Grill is Bacon Night, which means you can get unlimited (until they run out) bacon.  It's free in a basket at the bar, or $1 per basket at your table.  And if that's not enough bacon for you, they've even got bacon-tinis.  Yep, bacon, in booze form.  It's every Yinzer's dream.Their other booze specialty is the frozen cosmo, which is like a Slushee version of the original.  It's good, but as a girl who can't even do frozen margaritas, I seem to get a brain freeze every time I try one, and usually wind up sticking to the classic version, which is always perfectly mixed.Lately, I've been getting their chicken salads there, Pittsburgh style, with crispy fries on top.  There is something about their ranch dressing there that is just amazing.  See previous comment, re: everything here tastes like heaven.In nice weather, you can sit on their patio and put in some serious people-watching.  It gets crowded on the weekends, but all the more opportunity!  There are a lot of stairs at this place, and let me just say: drunk people trying not to fall down stairs... well, they're funny.  :) And the best part about Harris Grill?  You can hang out there without any of the Shadyside rubbing off on you.  So go forth, and bacon away :)
4	Harris is awesome. My friends and I come almost every Tuesday for bacon night. A dollar for a basket of bacon unless you're at the bar, where it's free. The menu is hysterical and will make you laugh all the way through and the drinks are delicious. Definitely a must for anyone who's never been. You'll just want to keep coming back
5	No complaints about this place. I tend to gravitate towards this place mid afternoon with my laptop...love the vibe here. Outdoor patio or, NICE window seating upstairs. Creative menu as well. Check it out!
4	Visited this place three times. I never used to go because it was across the street from the original Elbow Room but three times this summer. I've usually stuck to the Baby Burgher Platter. Burgers are really tasty and just hit the spot. It's not like having a huge burger, but I've never found myself wanting more. Tonight, I think they had some new fries out. Massive improvement over the old ones!I've never ordered the entree mac and cheese, but it makes for a tasty side. My sister had the Henny Penny sandwich. Just know....it's spicy as all hell. We thought my sister was going to explode. She couldn't finish it. So, if that's your thing, go for it but be prepared. The Pulled Pork sandwich was also a hit with my family.As for desserts....they have root beer floats. And that's enough for me. Do they take any skill? No none at all. Is it still wonderful to see one pop up on a menu? Oh yes.Service has always been very efficient and polite, no complaints or rude servers. Atmosphere is nice but a little too dark and loud for my tastes. Patio usually fills up, but if you set up near the big windows, it's almost the same thing but with AC.And they're open late (1:30) which is a huge plus for Pittsburgh. Definitely think I'll spend some more time there.
2	Mmm not too happy with my recent experience at Harris grill. I visit Ellsworth ave plenty and I have been to Harris grill on numerous occasions. After working all day, and driving 2 hours to get home I was a little grumpy and wanting a good drink.My two friends and I decided on the sangria. I've had it on numerous occasions and it can really hit the spot. The waiter suggested the caraf but HB warned us saying that they stuff it full of ice. The waiter insured us we would get around a glass and a half. We bypassed HB and ordered the caraf. Upon arrival we knew it was no bueno! The caraf was heaping full of fruit on the top followed by way too much ice. Our serving glasses also were heaped with the stuff even though we had asked for lite ice. I asked the waiter to pour for us bc I knew sangria was going everywhere. We ended up with our glasses 3/4 full and a watered down juice cocktail. We all told the waiter that it was pretty awful but he did nothing to correct the insult. Never ever order the caraf!!To eat I had the pulled pork sandwhich and a side of mac n cheese. The flavor of the pulled pork was good and the pasta was delish. I will say the pork had some fatty bites that I didn't care for. All in all when the start of  a dining experience starts the way ours did it can be salvaged with the right customer care. Ours wasn't plain and simple.
2	harris grill, i think  your menu is trying too hard.first place i went on my visit to pittsburgh.  menu was a little overly silly, waitress was a little underly friendly/helpful/timely, and food, while decent, was overpriced for the quality.i may be back to pittsburgh, but won't be back to harris grill
4	I haven't been home to Pittsburgh for a while and I was really excited to get out and explore the food scene. Although Harris Grill wouldn't have been my first pick (I try to stay away from the preppy Shadyside scene), I was pleasantly surprised by  the atmosphere, food and service!I really enjoyed indoor atmosphere that mixed trendy decor with dim, sexy lighting. Our server was excellent and kept the drinks coming and I was extremely impressed by their craft beer selection. And I would certainly come back to enjoy their expansive outdoor patio.I got to sample a lot of different selections. We started with the Dippo de Queso con Carne, which was a spicy mix of chilies, cheese and chorizo. Served with pita bread, it was good but there are better things on the menu. And onto those, the Baby Burgers were delectable as were the 'Britney Spears' (I swear that's the real name). The Britney Spears were marinated and skewered chicken that was served with some zesty chipolte sauce and rich pesto. After all of this I probably would have given 3 stars. HOWEVER, the Mac & Cheese was excellent and as a connoisseur of mac-n-cheese, I know my stuff.  What topped off this meal was the incredible Eggplant Lasagna (Lasagne Aubergine) that I shared with a friend. Now, I'm not one to ever order anything that doesn't have meat in it. But I would truly go back to Harris Grill JUST FOR THE EGGPLANT LASAGNA. The eggplant was breaded and fried and layered with pesto, marinara, and layers of delicious cheese. I would highly recommend this dish to anyone, whether you're a vegetarian or not.  And I will certainly be going back just to check out their bacon night.
2	I don't really have a good review for this place. It's not that the place isn't good it's just that I don't have an accurate experience to recount.I went for bacon night. This is on Tuesdays.I saw an outside patio on my way in. On a nice day, that area seems...nice.But the happy hour was good. And once the bacon started it kept flowing. So by far this was the best part. Oh, so while I would have usually given this place 3 stars for simply existing and providing me free bacon, I knocked it down due to the really inept barstaff. I spent way too long at the bar before being acknowledged to order a drink.Yeesh. Too bad I wasn't as cute as one of those girls at the end of the bar.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, nice music and fun & tasty menu items! I love it here.
5	Two words: Bacon. Night. Yes! Do not adjust your screen, you read right. They have a bacon night here. Contain yourself! It happens on Tuesdays!I started coming here when I lived in the area a few years back, and it still has it's charm. I try to make it out for Bacon Night whenever I am in town. The other food is good too, so don't overlook it. As for drinks, well, I became knowns as a mojito abuser overnight because of this place, and I don't care who knows it.
3	5-star drinks, 2 star food.Let's start with the bad. The food here is just all kinds of disappointing. First of all, their labyrinth of a menu. I understand that they are trying to be cute and witty by concealing the item descriptions within paragraph-long stories and forcing you to read them due to the completely nonsensical names they give to said items. I truly understand the concept behind this. But can I be the first to say...IT'S NOT CUTE! For the drink menu, fine. I'll admit to having a few laughs at their PG-13 drink encyclopedia. I'm not that cold-hearted. But when I'm hungry, the last thing I want to do is spend 20 minutes trying to decipher what my options are.Clearly I have a vendetta against their obnoxious menu, but the real problem here is that the food is the definition of mediocre. I go here fairly often, so I've done a lot of hopping around their menu trying to build my go-to order. I still haven't figured it out, and it's at the point where if my friends want to grab food here, I'll make a point out of eating beforehand. Plus, oh WOW is this place overpriced! This was especially highlighted to me on a Sunday morning when our bill came to $42 for brunch. Not expensive, but the wheels started turning in my head...we just paid $42 for an appetizer, two entrees, and two bloodys, all of which were eh, passable. For exactly $6 more, we could have went down the street to Casbah and had TWO appetizers, two entrees, and two much stronger bloodys, all of much higher quality.The reason I still come here though is the drinks. My favorite is the Happy Ending which involves pineapple juice, ginger, and cucumber. You really can't go wrong with anything though except for the Statutory Grape--if the name doesn't dissuade you enough, just heed my advice and don't order it. Unless of course, you want to have flashbacks to that time you attempted to robotrip on Dimetapp in middle school. Memories!It's official, I am done with the food at Harris Grill. Drinks only!!
2	Meh.  The Harris Grill is one more American business in a long line to have great ideas ruined by terrible execution.  An entire page of delicious looking burgers?  Bland and overcooked.  Cool looking spaces?  Can get cramped and awkward with groups, and sometimes it's hard to get a server or bartender to notice you (I've never once thought a group outing here was anywhere approaching "comfortable").  And what about the famed BACON NIGHT?  It's not even good bacon!They'll have to knock their game up several notches to achieve the potential contained in their great ideas.
1	Overcharged $19 and having a food order messed up twice, what more could you ask for? A waitress that doesn't seem to care about any of this? Wish granted!So yeah, my food was pretty bland, though my girlfriend said her food was OK overall. Overpriced for what it really was.I may have come back if it wasn't for the first two items. Instead I'll leave them as a shining failure to customer service.
2	This place has changed.  Just a couple of years ago, you could count on Harris for good food, good drinks, dependable service, and a great atmosphere.  Those days seem like a distant memory now.  My wife and I went for dinner on Sunday (3/11/12).  That was a huge mistake.  The food was just bad.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with fries and coleslaw.  The fries were burnt and cold, the slaw was wilted, and the sandwich was mediocre at best.  The worst part was that it took 45 minutes to prepare.  If you're going to serve bad food, why does it take so long to make it? This was topped off by a waitress who never bothered to stop back to check on our drinks. I was really shocked by how bad everything was there.  I have such fond memories of the place from just a few years ago....  There are too many other nice options in Shady Side to waste one's time at this dump.
4	i really really like this place, but don't go so often because it's kind of on the pricey side and worth it for a special night every once in a while, but not an every night kind of place.i have to say, the first time i went i had the mac and cheese and have raved about it since. the second time i had some sort of chicken casserole dish and loved it too. they have a reasonable amount of choices on their menu with clever descriptions but the portions aren't really large enough to make up for the price.they also have some pretty good cocktails and a lot of choices in the alcohol department. again, they're a little pricey, but worth it. the crowd is pretty cool too. overall, the only real reason i didn't give it 5 stars is the price to portion ratio.
4	Yummy, love that they integrate local ingredients.  Lunch menu affordable.
4	Great place to be at on Friday or Saturday nights. The patio outside is sweet. They also have a "patio" in the back, but don't go there. It feels like a lost dungeon. The upstairs is nice and the crowd is a good looking crowd.
4	This little bar and grill makes me want to move to Pittsburgh so bad!  I've been here twice.  Once in 2009 and again in 2011 and the food and booze always makes me happy! Both of my visits were for the Pittsburgh Bacon Bash and of course I ate tons of bacon things, but I also grabbed a few items from the amazing menu of humorously-named entrees and appetizers.  My favorite app was the bacon chicken wings which were lightly battered and bathed in BaconSalt and then topped with crumbled bacon awesomeness.  With a big bacon bloody mary, it's the perfect meal! I also had The Central Park, The Old Fashioned, Hog Heaven, the Bacontini, a few cosmos of greatness and a lot of great local beer!  For such a small place the beer options are great.While the prices were a bit high ($12+ for some of the drinks) compared to anything near me, the quality and quantity both make it worth the bucks!  I also played "What's Up, Pussycat" on the jukebox 10 times in a row and made a lot of people laugh hysterically!
4	I eat at the Harris Grill at least once a week.  Their beer list is huge, the food is good, and with the exception of one server the service is fantastic.  If you go, see if you can sit in Justin's section.  The Harris is one of the few bars in Pittsburgh open late night if you're looking for food.  While most area kitchens close at 11, the Harris is open and serving until 1 am--full menu!Tuesday is Bacon Night and if you go for happy hour get there early, or be prepared to wait.  Bacon and beer are fantastic together until you have that moment where you realized, "I've just had 15 pieces of bacon."  Order another beer, you'll feel better about yourself.People rave about the frozen cosmos and they're ok but not really my thing.  Try the drink with the muddled cucumbers--it is fantastic.  They also have a good Sunday brunch.  In the summer months its a buffet which I dont like as much as the regular, menu style brunch they have in colder months.  Bloody Mary's are half off after 2pm, so I often like to work out in the morning and then spend the afternoon having a "Sunday Funday."The food at the Harris is generally good, but they change their menu a lot and while that can be a good thing I've found it frustrating as several of my favorite menu items ie Shawshank Redemption and the Crawful of Falaffel are no longer offered.  The food is somewhat consistent, although sometimes it is over seasoned.  I ordered the meatloaf once and it had so much rosemary in it I found it almost inedible--although my boyfriend tried it and loved it.  The DelMonico A Go Go is so fatty I don't recommend it.  It's a good sandwich, but it owuld be better if they made it with different/better meat.  Several times I've gone to order a menu item and they're out of it.  The staff is usually pretty good about letting you know what's off the menu ahead of time but sometimes you want to ask.What the Harris does well they do fantastic.  The Lasagna, the burgers, the greek salad, the gazpacho, the fish tacos, the steak, the hummus-- all excellent.  Try the gazpacho, it's excellent!The staff is fantastic.  I think the Harris has the best bartenders in town.  If you get to know them, they'll take fantastic care of you.  Even if htey don't know you, you can expect to get your drinks quickly, and your cocktails mixed correctly.This place can get expensive.  If you're drinking craft beers be careful bc your bill can creep up on you quickly.  It is, in my opinion, priced right for what you are getting.This is my favorite bar in Pittsburgh and I hope you check it out if you havne't yet.  Wait for the patio, it's worth it!
3	Great drinks (frozen cosmos!!) but the food and service leaves something to be desired. Try the Sunday brunch!
4	This has been my go to suggestion when friends want to meet for drinks for years. The atmosphere can't be beat, the outdoor patio is one of the cities best, the drinks are consistent, and the menu is just good fun. The brunch at Harris is really something special, and a frozen mimosa is probably the second coolest thing ever. The first, naturally, is the frozen cosmo, which the Harris Grill has perfected (I get mine with a shot of Chambord...mmmm). They have lots of vegetarian options for me, although they've done away with the falafel wrap recently...what gives? It was a favorite! They make some badass Mac & Cheese, and the portion is huge. Their desserts are worth saving room for. The second floor is my favorite place to sit, feels intimate and kind of dark and cozy. And I especially like the big booths right in front of the giant window overlooking Walnut Street, so you can do some people watching while you dig in.
5	Best vegetarian chili on the planet! I love their pierogies.  The menu is unique and diverse.  Alcohol selection is great too!
2	A pleasant enough little place for "Hipster Yinzers" to engage in those unique conversations where everyone talks simultaneously and loudly and no one is heard. The fare is somewhat overpriced for minuscule drinks, meager portions and lackluster service.  Oddly, everyone seems to rave about their tater tots......yeah, the same processed frozen spud you enjoyed in elementary/parochial school.
4	We went to Harris Grill for lunch while a friend was visiting from out of town-and it was fun! The menu and atmosphere is pretty entertaining. The food and drinks are moderately priced, and there is a nice selection of brews.What we had:Turkey Burger-fabulous-we agreed this was the best thing we had ( I added mozzarella cheese and it was soooo good)Flat Iron Pork-I guess our friend thought he was ordering flat iron steak-this was ok but I wouldn't get it again.Some Spicy Chicken sandwich-Pretty good-paled in comparison to the turkey burgerTots-DeliciousBeer-good! (duh)Other:Service-Fab!2 Patios-front and back
3	I had the tomato soup (around $3.50) and a side order of macaroni and cheese (around $4.50). The tomato soup is very peppery, so if you don't like things spicy at all, don't order it. The macaroni was quite good. I also tried the potato and cheese pierogies (around $7.50), which I liked, but it was my first time trying pierogies, so I can't compare them to anything.The waitstaff was quite pleasant.The restaurant was noisy, so possibly not the best place for people who are hard of hearing.
4	Wow, what a nice little spot on Ellsworth in Shadyside. I drove down Ellsworth with the intent of stopping at one of the establishments in the cluster of restaurants/bars around Harris Grill. And the thing that caught my eye about Harris was the romantic patio set up they have which is unbelievablely awesome.The whole entire patio area they have outside is definitely one of the best in the city. I sat down with my date on the patio, which is perfectly lit up for a night spent eating outside, ordered some whiskey drink, while she ordered a glass of wine and we ordered the goat cheese appetizer. Harris has a healthy selection of cocktails, beer, and wine, just like Shiloh does, which is perfectly alright by me. The Goat cheese appetizer is served cold with warm pieces of pita. The actual cheese was very rich and was good to pick at, I don't see how only two people could finish it, we couldn't. It's just very filling.For my entree I went with the Jamaican chicken tacos, and they were absolutely perfect. The spicy chicken was cooled off nicely by a cold cilantro sauce that was drizzled over each taco. Mois Bien. The only reason I'm not giving Harris 5 stars is because all of our food was brought out at the same time!! GODDDD!!! Come on server! That's why there are appetizers, entrees, and desserts.You wouldn't bring someone's dessert out with their meal, so why bring out their appetizer with their entree, especially on a date!!!
4	Just around the corner from my work, me and a few coworkers came looking for some play!  We went early and got a cush spot on the top floor with the window.  Clearly it's a hot spot in the neighborhood because it was packed by 7 pm on a Tuesday?!  The outside seating area was buzzing even in the chilly fall weather.  The first quenching sip of that half-price RASPBERRY COSMO and I was sold!  Add on some true "Pittsburgh" food (I'm talking about putting fries in a salad, oh yes!) and other yummy munchies like a super stuffed chicken quesadilla and our fun time was complete!
1	I have nothing good to say about this place. I've been here on several occasions over the years and here's what I have observed:1- If the place is crowded (which it almost always is) expect terrible service from your waiter/bartender. Waitstaff has a pretty poor knowledge of their own drink menu.2- The food will be overpriced/sub par. On one occasion me and my entire party got food poisoning from their fried calamari3- You will be seated somewhere awkward/uncomfortable. The interior is cool looking but not functional, gets very congested when there are big crowds. There are plenty of other bar/restaurant destinations in Pittsburgh that can deliver and execute the same idea in a much better way. Avoid Harris Grill.
2	This place offers really poor service. The waitstaff go out of their way to not help you. This has happened to many people I know multiple times. We put up with it so we could get the brunch. We stopped going after we got some serious attitude from our waiter. He was flat out rude and upset my friend so we left and won't be coming back. The food isn't that great (the tacos/fajitas are terrible and flavorless, as is the salad), the drinks are grossly overpriced, and the service as I mentioned before is slow and inept. On the plus side the brunch is great (it just ended because of winter), the food is relatively well-priced and the location is great (if you can find parking). I recommend going elsewhere though because it just isn't worth being treated so poorly by the staff. Management should take note.
5	I freaking love the Harris, I go there at least once a week.Because of their awesome bartenders and amazing beer selection I'm starting to wonder if I have a drinking problem bc the last time I was there I asked the waitress/bartender how her mother was doing, and then the one bartender said he was worried bc he hadn't seen me since they tapped the Mad Elf-- and that is probably a sign you're spending too much time in a bar. Whatever.  It's something for me to think about the next time I'm having a beer at the Harris.  I'm likely having a beer at the Harris right now as you read this.The food here is great.  They updated their menu and I cannot more strongly recommend the hanger steak.  My favorite item on their menu is the eggplant lasagna.  May it NEVER come off of the menu!The service is great, the food is good, and the drinks are pleantiful.  My only word of caution:  if you're on a budget and a bender, be very careful, because they have mostly craft beers on tap and I've walked away with many an $80 tab!
2	Light your torches and get the pitchforks, because I'm not shy about writing scathing reviews on some of Pittsburgh's beloved restaurants. I don't enjoy doing it.  I love our city and I think our diverse restaurant choices make us a great place to live and visit. But when I hear great things about a place only to be consistently let down, I have no choice.  That being said, I'm going to have to rip Harris Grill a new one. I waited a long time before reviewing Harris Grill.  I've been there loads of times; happy hours, bacon night, brunch, crowded Friday nights, and not-so-crowded Monday nights.  Almost every time I have been let down. I'll break it down. DRINKS: The drink menu and draft lift offer a solid list of (overpriced) choices.  That's fine.  What isn't so fine is that the bartending is inconsistent and I have too often received ill-concocted highballs and sangria that tastes like Franzia.  Perhaps I'm just unlucky, but almost every time I'm there at least one or two beer taps "aren't working." APPETIZERS: Nothing really wrong here.  Good spinach and buffalo chicken dips, the "Britney Spears" (chicken strips), and hummus are all very tasty. Thumbs up.MAIN COURSES: I guess it depends on your taste, but I am simply not enthralled by any of the entrees.  The salads are overpriced for their small size, their highly touted macaroni and cheese is bland, and their chicken quesadillas are NOT quesadillas.  Just about everything on the menu at Harris Grill is overpriced for the quality.  $17 dollars for homemade hamburger helper?  $16 for two fish tacos? I don't HATE anything on the Harris Grill menu.  Their entrees are between "ok" and "good." Just overpriced.  I do enjoy the Henny Penny and as I said before, all of the appetizers.  I'd give them a 3-star review if it wasn't for the....SERVICE:  Or lack thereof.  Sure, Harris Grill gets crowded, especially on the weekends.  That does not excuse the waitstaff from being rude and ignoring their tables for upwards of an hour.  On one occasion, our server clearly forgot about us and we watched astounded as tables seated long after us were brought their meals.  When we finally did inquire about our food,  the waiter made a beeline for the computer to put in our orders.  No apologies, no offer to comp a side or a dessert.  In fact, the check was rushed to us before we even finished our food because the restaurant had a long waiting list.  Bad form, Harris Grill. What makes it worse is that I've been here many times, and have had similar problems with the service. But truth be told, I'll probably be back.  Because I really want to like Harris Grill. Moreover, my friends love Harris Grill and I love my friends.  I just sincerely hope they hire more competent waitstaff.  Revising their menu wouldn't be a bad idea, either...
4	We went here tonight for the first time since I was craving a burger and we've been meaning to check this place out. It has a cozy atmosphere: dark, some leather chairs and mis-matchy furniture, candles, a gas fireplace at the door, good music...We were told there would be a wait, but we were more than welcome to sit at the bar. We were fine with that. Just after we received our drinks at the bar the hostess came over to ask us if we'd mind sitting in the lounge, a table with couches as seating. We gladly took the table in lieu of waiting 20-30 minutes as we originally planned on. We closed our tab at the bar and were seated in the lounge. The couch was comfy and we were happier with the couch than a standard table and chairs, since we were having a date night and we were away from the other patrons, able to sit next to each other :)We had a pretty entertaining time reading through the food menu, and the drink menu. It's written hilariously.I decided on the I Can Has Bacon Cheezeburgher (the title! gah!) and my date chose the Thanksgiving Burger (the actual comical name escapes me). My cheeseburger was delicious. Piled with delicious bacon and  cheese, and came with pickles, onions, tomato and lettuce. It was wonderful. I've had many a charred to the point of burnt disgusting burgers in this town and this burger was not one of them. I ordered the fries with it, though I was offered a plethora of options, and the fries were delicious. Crispy, salty, delicious. On the other hand, the thanksgiving burger was MUCH too spicy. In the rosemary spice kind of way. Way too much seasoning. His breath was pretty ungodly the rest of the night, and he didn't particularly enjoy it.As far as service goes, I specifically want to note that we were well taken care of the whole night. Our waitress as attentive, we never had empty glasses of water or drinks and were not in need of anything. She brought our check when we asked, and it took a few minutes for her to come back to charge our card. Another staff member saw that it hadn't been done yet, came by and took care of it for us without our asking. So either they've been reading the Yelp reviews about service or we were there on a good night.
4	I am giving Harris 4 stars because it is my neighborhood bar and has sentimental value to me. Minus that, it is probably a 3.5. They have a stellar frozen cosmo but the rest of the drink menu is just okay. Their food menu is a hit or miss. Their turkey burger and mac'n'cheese are great but the rest is probably just okay. Their desserts are unimpressive and it is hard to underwhelm me when it comes to sugar. So I would say, go for the atmosphere and the cosmo but not for much more.
5	This is a place where I've never even had a just-OK experience. Every time I come in, I have an enjoyable meal and a killer cocktail or several. If you like Manhattans, I implore you to work your way down their list of variations (over several visits, if you want to remember where you live when you leave).The last time I went in, I had a splendid hummus and pita plate -- and although the pita ran out before the hummus, my request for more pita was immediately handled, with no critique of my rationing capabilities.If hummus is not your thing, 1) I don't understand you one bit, but 2) try their baby burgers, the arugula steak salad, or the "labor-inducing vegetarian chili". They all have my seal of approval.Lastly, if you like bacon, be sure to try this place out on a Tuesday. That's Bacon Night, and Harris serves it at the bar in baskets of four -- free of charge until they run out for the night. If you're dining at a table it's a buck a basket, but you can still eat to your heart's (dis)content.
2	I've visited Harris's Grill a few times over the past 3 - 4 years and every time I leave I ask myself "Why do people love this  place so much!?" The food is not incredible and the service is always mediocre at best. Minus the bacon gimmicks and pretentious Shadyside vibe... This place is an average bar/restaurant.
2	My husband and I tried Harris Grill for the first time on a Sunday night. We moved to the area in August and are moving away in June, and unfortunately decided we won't be coming back here before we leave. There was only one very small table open in the crammed dining room downstairs when we got there. I'm not sure if there were tables open upstairs, but it didn't look like the hostess checked before seating us. Our table was facing the door, so I kept feeling the cold air every time people came in and out, and we were very close to the table behind us, beside us, etc. We eventually asked to move, but I thought the hostess should've asked us if that table was okay before seating us there - because I would've rather waited for a better one to open up.I thought the selection on the menu was pretty poor. I wanted an entree rather than a salad or a sandwich, but since I didn't feel like Mexican or a huge plate of macaroni & cheese, there were really only a handful of options. None of them appealed to me, so I ended up ordering the "Henny Penny," a chicken sandwich. I asked for the spicy chipotle mayonnaise on the side because I have a really low tolerance for spiciness. When it came, the mayonnaise was on the sandwich. I said I would try it in case it wasn't that spicy, but when I took a bite I felt like my mouth was on fire! Then the waitress asked me if I knew the chicken itself was spicy. The menu said nothing about that, so I had no idea. She suggested they re-make it with plain chicken, which was nice, and it was fine after that. I also had the sangria, which sounded like it would be amazing from the description, but I actually didn't think it was good at all :( It tasted really watered down to me. A few redeeming things: the mac & cheese that came with my sandwich was really, really good! My husband liked the fish tacos he had, and three different people checked up on me after the incident with my sandwich, so we at least felt like the staff was pretty attentive.
5	I have been here several times in a drunken stupor, and let me tell you the warm cookie with ice cream is exactly what the doctor ordered to ensure sufficient energy for the stumble home. But, this week was my first sober experience of the place, so I felt more adept to review the place. We went during happy hour. $5 apps and 1/2 off beer. NICE! We got the spinach dip (meh, but Sarah S. liked it), the pierogies (YUMMMMMMM), and the calamari (also YUMMMMM). I got the spiced stout, which was also delish. AND the bill was like $20!My only complaint is that they don't show how much the food would have cost without the discounts on the receipt, so I didn't know how much to tip :(
5	I had a great time.  great food and cocktails.  exciting ambiance, not for a quiet night out.  but who wants that? :)
1	Zero stars for service.  Zero stars for price. One star for food. I have been to the Harris Grill three separate times for dining.  The first was happy hour - with a party of six. We waited 30 minutes for a table; we watched several tables empty out and stay un-bussed and dirty for more than 10minutes at a time.  Obviously they must have been understaffed.  Once seated, service was extremely slow.  Our server was slow to arrive at our table to begin and take our drink order. Our drinks took even longer to arrive (approx. 20 min from when seated.)  The appetizers were tasty, although overpriced. Buffalo chicken dip was very good. Service remained poor.  Perhaps they were just very busy and understaffed. The second time I came was midweek, midday, for lunch.  The place was mostly empty.  Surely we would get good, prompt service now?  Not so much.  All I ordered was the chocolate cupcake dessert.   It took about 25 minutes.  It looked like half a cupcake was dropped on the floor, and then attempts made at making the broken pieces look presentable on a plate.  Half of it was luke-warm, half of it was cold.  Terrible.  WTF?The most recent and I promise the last time I will ever go to the Harris Grill was a Sunday for brunch.  Again a 30min wait for a party of 3 to be seated.  I understand that - its Sunday - its Brunch - lots of places have a wait.  But again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty.  Finally seated it again took 20 minutes to get our drinks - orange juice. And then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages.  The third took another 10 minutes.  Seriously??  Our food took an hour. SERIOUSLY OVERPRICED!!  Several items on the menu were out.  (We arrived at noon for a brunch that was supposed to last from 10-2pm).  The menu was prix fixed at $14.  $14 for two pieces of French toast with disgusted, dried out frozen tater tots. (They had run out of home fries). The eggs Benedict were dried and hardened - just plain gross.  The eggs over easy had no runny yolk. The sausage was very good.  They served us the wrong toast.  You couldn't get worse food or service at a McDonalds run by newborn donkeys.
2	Came here with a party of 5 others for brunch at 11am on a Sunday. We were seated immediately but were surprised to learn that there is no brunch buffet during the winter.My eggs benedict was good, so was my bloody mary. Don't expect vegetables and meat to go together here--they are mutually exclusive options on this menu. That said, I counted only 3 dishes with any vegetables at all. The coffee was disappointing--it came with plastic cups of half & half. Any respectable restaurant should do better.Overall, the food is good, heavy, and served in decent-sized portions. I would come here again although there are certainly better venues for brunch in the city.
4	Frozen cosmopolitan with chambord. Delicious.Also try the Henny Penny, chipotle mayo on ciabatta?? Two of my favorite things.
4	We showed up at 6:25, and the bartender didn't give us an attitude for trying to hurry up and order apps and beers before happy hour ended!  That started the night off good.  Our eggplant lasagna was TO DIE FOR, and the spin spin sugar salad was really freaking good!  I recommend it!
3	The food here is good. Nothing too interesting on the menu though. Reasonably priced, too. My favorite thing about this place, and what keeps me coming back, is their frozen cosmos. Soooo satisfying on a hot day. Beware - too many can ruin your night. These babies are super strong.Their beer list is great and their other mixed drinks are really interesting combinations.
2	Disclaimer: This review is only for their Sunday brunch. Wasn't impressed by their Sunday brunch. Didn't like the presentation of the buffet. It was in a small area and felt kind of cramped. The salad was made with iceberg lettuce and didn't look appetizing. My friends ordered orange juice and each glass was filled to the brim with large pieces of ice, which means that they really just had maybe 1/2 a glass of orange juice. In all, it's really nothing special, just very basic. It was my first time eating at Harris Grill. What seems nice is the patio and if the weather had been nice, we would've sat outside and maybe I would've given it an extra star.
2	The place is good for drinking but definitely not to have a meal. There're not much options on the menu. I tried the pasta once and it was tasteless.
1	Let me tell you about my experience at the Harris Grill, I know I have eaten here before, years ago. So I was in need of a lunch and off to the garden. I decided a nice salad would do the trick so I ordered the Salad de la Burgh. While I waited for my meal I was sitting in the little room right off the bar, first thing I notice is the table is a tad sticky, then I noticed the hole in the wall. After these little gems I started to scope out the place, kind of soak in the atmosphere. "Filth" the joint is run down and fifthly, make matters worse was the cement block propping open the door to the patio outside ( this is the front door to the restaurant people ). The restaurant was busy and my server was a pleasant enough young woman. I received my beverage and then started to check the staff out and how unkempt most of them where, jeans extremely tight and unflattering on the best figures, Harris Grill shirts were not much better trust. I long for the day when restaurants hired servers because they had mad skills not because they are young or hip. My favorite is when I realize that under the host station there were bus pans ( dirty & full ), one young employ thought nothing of maneuvering it with her foot ( disgusting it is on the floor but also the unsanitary way it was handle )Let me now explain the salad I got for eleven dollars and some cents. The lettuce was about a cup spring mix I think, not crisp and wilty, and kind of room temperature. The chicken was cold, so was the few fries they put on it, and a half a hardboiled egg. I think I found a few pieces of onion? Two grape size tomatoes, and two thin slices of cucumber. "Oh" there was a sprinkling of mozzarella or provolone cheese on it, could not tell which ( they say both so I will go for that ). This was placed in an average soup bowl. To say I will ever go back to the Harris Grill is a definite not & I will warn others to avoid. "PS" I did not expect the salad to be huge or grand but decent and somewhat hearty, this was subpar, could have gotten a better one at Wendy's and it would have been warm meat, and fries ...
5	Atmosphere was fun and entertaining. Tuesday night bacon night was something to be seen to be believed. They had a great bar with a good selection of beers at reasonable prices. When we sat down the waiter was helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. We ordered wings, a bacon basket and the mac and cheese with Jerk chicken.The wings were done well and the flavors we unique, not the best I've ever had but worth having if you need a wing fix.The mac and cheese was divine. the fact that you could make any combination you wanted was appealing but we went off the menu and I was very happy with it. The right combination of cheese to noodle ratio with a creaminess that was complimented by the savory profile of the jerk chicken.I am sorry i don't go to Pittsburgh as often for work cause this place was a gem!
3	My previous reviews were all 5 stars but my last few times at the Harris have just been so 'meh' that I'm taking it down to 3 stars.The Harris is my favorite bar in Pittsburgh and they have fantastic bartenders...Byron, Caleb...mix excellent cocktails w friendly smiles.BUT.  They keep changing the menu and I know many restaurants do this but its starting to get tiring.If you dine here, please ask what they are out of first and have a back up menu selection made just in case.  If you do eat here, I recommend:The Chicken RiggiesThe hamburgerthe mac n cheeseThe wingsthe pierogiesThe Henny PennyThe Garden WeaselI suggest you avoid:The greek salad.  For some reason I ALWAYS get a hair in this salad.  And no, they are not strings from onions, they are dark hairs!  Eww.  The tarragon dressing:  It's basically liquid salt and will render anything you are eating inedible.  More effective than Sensa.  Trust me.The Delmonico A  go go:  sounds like the sandwich is going to be good, but its very gristly and not that greatI really, really, really wish they'd bring the falafel sandwich back but it seems it's gone to Harris Menu Item heaven.Also, they have good brunches here on Sunday's but it is buffet style when the weather is nice.  I like their brunch, but I prefer it when they have a menu in the colder months.  With the buffet you can't, for example, just get fried eggs or anything like that.  But it still pretty good.I like this place, but maybe I've just dined here too often?  I don't know.  I just havent had my mind blown here in awhile.
5	Best gem in Shadyside. The drinks! The food! All consistently great. Servers are friendly and very funny. Always leave with a smile on my face, full belly, and often a bit buzzed and anticipating spending the remainder of my day vegging on the couch napping and half watching food network.
3	I was in town for a job interview (in Moon Township) and decided to venture into the city the evening before.  Here's the run-down based on this one visit:Food:  I was half (or more) starved by the time I got there.  I ordered the veggie chili and it was quite tasty and the Philly Cheesesteak.  The cheesesteak was "hearty" and quite generous but given the size (and calories) I doubt I'd order it again.  I ended up taking it back to the hotel (for what I thought would have been a midnight snack but did not happen).  If I happened to be in the area and in the mood for a cheesesteak, I'd head back; otherwise I'd not bother.  Service:  It was "blah.".  I could tell my waitress had a rough day and it was a bit crowded that evening (a Monday night) but she just didn't seem all that friendly (perhaps at least she could have faked it I suppose).  Parking:  I live in the Los Angeles area where parking issues are a way of life but Shadyside parking is unbelievably complicated.  (or I just don't know the insider tricks just yet)  Unless I lived in the area or there was relatively easy public transport to this otherwise very charming neighborhood, I'd never recommend heading there for a simple meal.
3	The vibe here is great. The servers et cetera have great energy and are the kind of people I'd like to invite to sit down and share dinner with them. I have only been there twice. I had the Henny Penny twice and it was a very different sandwich on each visit. The first time it was over-spiced. It was dry and I'd swear it had no cheese. The second time, it was moist, cheesy, just the right amount of spice and it was delicious with fries and a Lagunitas IPA (or two.) If the food was more consistent, I'd give it four or more stars. Updates as they happen....
3	I had the jerk Mac and cheese and it was spicy... I have nothing else to add about that.  I also had the frozen Cosmo (which the bartender tells me they are famous for). It was ok - if you like frozen drinks.  The wait staff however was original with their loud talk about personal hygiene...
4	Went for the first time today. Kitchen was just wrapping up a re-model, but they extended happy hour to accommodate and the food was pretty darn good.The happy hour specials were a great deal and the staff was really nice. Also love that the patio is in the shade all afternoon/evening. Great summer spot.
5	I LOVE this place. Here's why...1.The service is awesome. Hostess jokes while seating you. Awesome. Server knows his shit and rocks at presenting it. Gave us a rundown of the highs and lows of the menu. If he didn't know about something (like a beer we asked about) he went, grabbed samples and came back fully knowledgable on them. 2. The outdoor seating is baller. They have a back area that is no smoking so you don't have to get a whiff of smoke in your face while enjoying the weather and eating. They also have creative seating upstairs. Awesome.3. The food is DELISH! Try the rib tacos. They are sooooooo good. I've never had a bad meal here.4. They have a sense of humor. Menu is fun to read.Beers also aren't overpriced. WIN.
5	Fantastically Happy place to eat!The building looks like the remains of an old house.  The walk to the hostess is a bit awkward as you're walking through the front patio full of guests already enjoying their meal.  That not really being an issue, you'll step into the 'foyer' where you're greeted and offered various seating options.We were escorted upstairs to a cute dining area with large windows and a very charming ambiance.  We were seated and not shortly after were greeted by our server... 'Shipwreck'.Yeah, I'm not kidding... He said his name was "Shipwreck", even after questioning him... this set the tone for the night.  He was very knowledgeable of both the liquor and food menus and was jolly, and appeared to really love his job; Attentive and courteous as well as entertaining.The food was amazing!  When you go, if you're like me, you'll be snapping photos of the names they have come up with for the array of 'American Cuisine'.  Things like the "spin spin sugar' Salad, or the "Aw, you're pullin' my pork" pork sandwich.  Everything was geared toward putting a smile on my face; and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.Next time I visit Pittsburgh; I'm definitely stopping in again.  Probably one of the most memorable dinners out in a while!  Thank you.
4	I cannot speak to the merits of the cuisine here, but I will discuss the bar menu with which I was thoroughly satisfied.Harris Grill features extensive outdoor seating arrangements, making for a pleasant visit on a summer afternoon. The draft beer selection is respectable and caters to a wide range of taste for craft brews. The bottled beer selection is likewise commendable and versatile. I like that there were enough options to please the palate of almost any beer drinker, but not so much as to weight the menu down with endless variations on the same style. Far too many establishments invest heavily in a quantitative selection that actually inhibits customers from trying a few quality beers by swamping them with a lengthy draft list. I would recommend Harris Grill for a casual beer with friends.Cocktails: The "Gods Swill" cocktail menu at Harris Grill features a nice balance of classic cocktail variations and a few house blends with the emphasis rightly placed upon the former. I was pleased to find a half dozen variations of the manhattan, a cocktail of whiskey, wine, and bitters, that were each unique takes upon this staple of the American bar. I was disappointed in their "Rye Mint Julep" as, being from the south, I do not take to soda in my whiskey, particularly in a mint julep. The drink was watery and lacked the viscosity of a proper julep. I was impressed with the "Chelsea Manhattan" (served "up" after my experience with the julep) and would say that all considered, the Harris has a strong bartender. The cocktail menu itself is accurate if verbose.The service was neither slow nor fast, with attention at the right moments and minimal interruptions. A great level of service for enjoying a few drinks. The food is by all appearances standard bar fare but who cares; the lord didn't give me a liver for eating. A very enjoyable bar and outdoor seating arrangement. Although I did not probe the wine selection, I would recommend the Harris Grill's bar to beer and cocktail enthusiast alike.
4	Very good short rib tacos. Long wait for food though.
4	4 stars because their bar food/appetizers are delicious! Especially their wings and pierogies.Their mixed drinks though are sub par. Even their famous frozen cocktail is not as good as I thought they'd be. Stick with appetizers and beer!
5	I normally avoid brunch buffets as a rule; the food is never up to par and it's a cattle call. Usually a poor excuse for restaurants to make money. However, when a local friend suggested we meet here he insisted Harris Grill's brunch was legit. He had me at "bacon trough".Nice patio seating and friendly service! You get a frozen mimosa (and it's not overly sweet or weak; actually tastes like a frozen mimosa) or bloody mary with the $15 all you can eat brunch. Omelets made to order, lox and mini bagels, fresh fruit, trough of well done, really quality bacon as previously mentioned. There's even pre-assembled eggs benedict, which I expected to be a mess but they were perfect. I wish all brunch buffets were like this. It is a tiny bit cramped when there are several people loading up plates, but everyone was understanding and laughed off the occasional bumps. Brunch is serious business, you do what you gotta do.
5	I love everything here! Ambience, location, food, drinks.
2	I don't understand why this place is so popular.  I've been there 4 times and each time the food was pretty gross.  Most recently, I ordered a Del Monico sandwich and the thing was dripping with oil.  The beer list is decent.
4	My friend suggested meeting up here for Friday happy hour. Though I trust her recommendations, I really wasn't anticipating that much. The name -- Harris Grill -- seemed a little ho-hum, and I was expecting your typical Pittsburgh-type place with basic appetizers and lots of Yuengling.However, as soon as I sat down, I knew this place was going to be different. First of all, it was packed! The cute little patio had lots of young professionals ranging in attire from girls in maxi dresses to guys wearing dress pants, button-ups, and ties. Thankfully, one of my friends had arrived a few minutes before 5pm and secured the last available table on the patio. Lots of local residents were taking advantage of the absolutely incredible weather to sit outside.After quickly becoming intimidated by the enormous drink "book," I just took my friend's recommendation and ordered a frozen cosmo. Wow! Delicious!! It was the perfect blend of cold but not too icy and not too sweet but not too sour. I could drink these things every day! Well, maybe not every day... because they pack a serious punch! I was warned not to order the additional shot when it was offered to me, and thankfully I heeded the warning. After two of these beverages, I was definitely tipsy! In my opinion, two of these little frozen cosmos pack the same amount of buzz as 3-4 glasses of wine.In addition to amazing frozen cosmos, I enjoyed trying their appetizers. The spinach dip and pita was tasty, and the pierogies, though very different from the pierogies that I have had in the past, were out-of-this-world good. I was tempted to order a second round of the pierogies but didn't want to appear gluttonous. Service was pretty good, especially considering how busy the restaurant was and how tightly we were packed onto the little patio. Our waiter both resembled and acted like Conan O'Brien, which was just the icing on the cake of a great happy hour experience.And, finally, the check arrived. My jaw nearly fell on the floor. Three of us girls drank 7 frozen cosmos and ate 3 appetizers... for $40. How is that even possible? If I had known in advance that the frozen cosmos were $3/each, I might have just chugged them and taken a cab home.Needless to say, I'll be back!
4	Great service, great food, great drinks.
2	I'm a longtime fan of the Harris Grill so please note that my review is specific to brunch only.  My friends and I were lucky enough to get patio seating on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. That was the highlight of brunch- friends and the patio. The only option for brunch is to get the buffet. They were packed and couldn't keep enough food out.  The Mac and Cheese, while cheesily delicious was cold. They kept running out of plates. They never had the salmon when I went up- yet I saw it on other patrons plates.  And, insult to injury, my Bloody Mary was watered down. My friend had a Bloody Mary and the olive in it tasted like chlorine. I will give props to the guy making the omelets.  He had all the ingredients, was quick, and friendly. Like I said, I'm a big Harris Grill fan and will be back again - just not for brunch.
3	I wish I could give this 4 stars as Harris Grill is one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh but the past two times I have been for brunch it has been less than par.  Many things went wrong during my most recent brunch experience which include them running out of plates for the buffet and not being able to replenish the food fast enough.  Once you waited for the food to be replenished (about 10-15 minutes) it was just average. The buffet had an omelet station, mac and cheese, waffles, potatoes, bacon, bagels, fruit and salad. I was disappointed that they did not have any pastry items.  I recommend going for happy hour as they have discounted draft beers and frozen cosmos-their specialty and they are delicious!  The food is normally excellent so I recommend trying this place for lunch or dinner.  If you want to try the brunch I suggest visiting during the winter when it is not a buffet and you can order off the menu. The frozen mimosas are so tasty!
5	Definitely my favorite place in Pittsburgh. Frozen Cosmo is amazing, so are the pierogis are awesome. Bring back the CHEESE BALLS!!! Love the outdoor patio and the happy hour rocks!
2	I can't properly review the food or beverage selections since I never actually got seated.  I came as part of a large group, who specifically chose Harris Grill because it could handle a crowd.  When we arrived, the lounge area--clearly designed to seat 15-20 people--was occupied by precisely two individuals.  That's right, two people leisurely sipping drinks.  The host informed us when we entered that they would be leaving soon.  Half an hour later, they had ordered another drink and seemed to be making small talk with the host: clearly a friend of theirs.  This begs the question: why on earth would a host seat two people in their party section?  I came up with two possible answers.1. The restaurant hates money2. They hired the worst host in PittsburghI'll be returning to Harris Grill sometime this month to try their food, all of which looked and smelled amazing as it whisked past me on plates destined for tables.  In response to the comment below, I wrote this review to call attention to a business practice which seems mutually detrimental to both the restaurant and the customer.  I don't hold grudges and I'm willing to treat the experience as a one-off.
4	I have so many fond memories of coming here in the summertime with my sisters or friends to relax and unwind after a long day with a few frozen cosmos. For $3 at happy hour, you seriously cannot beat this price. They are incredibly strong, so I always say no to the extra shot of Cassis, but if you are feeling adventurous, it's only $1 more for the extra shot! Anytime friends come to visit from out of town, they ask if we can please go get some frozen cosmos. Apparently I talk about them a lot...Frozen cosmos aside, the food is actually pretty good as well. I really enjoy the turkey burger filled with cranberry stuffing as well as the upstate chicken riggies. This is definitely Western PA chicken, piggie, wedding riggie gone very very right. I love the combination of vodka sauce with fresh bell peppers. And who doesn't like tots on the side? Brings me back to my childhood, stealing tots from friends at school whose parents let them buy their lunches.This is the perfect place to go with friends. Go in the spring, summer, or fall when it's nice enough to sit outside on the patio, kick back with a few fro cos, and enjoy friends. You won't be disappointed.
5	Went to Harris tonight, and everything was very good. Dexter, our server was very patient and helpful with us order our food. He was very attentive, and followed up several times to make sure everything was fine. The drink and the food I ordered was perfect, and came out with in reasonable time.
3	Harris Grill is excellent if the weather is nice and there's a table on the patio.  The atmosphere inside is super bro-y.  Bring a group if you're going inside.Their food is decent for a bar--I wouldn't go there for dinner, but for a bite with drinks, it's more than fine.  The mac & cheese goes great with beer.I have a love/hate relationship with their craft beer selection.  I love it because it's a nicely curated selection and there's always something I want to try.  I hate it because the beer I want is often kicked.  In fact, I once went to Harris only to find they had ZERO draft beers available that weekend night.  Zero.  The place was empty save about four regulars, so it would have been smart for them to offer an impromptu discount on something else--instead, the bartender was angry when we asked if they really were out of all drafts.  Boo that.
4	Sunday night, one week after the Steelers were officially "out".  The restaurant was not crowded.  There were (2) 20-somethings and (2) 50-somethings which turned into (2) Burgers (1) Pulled Pork and (1) Angus Salad.  Everything was done perfectly.  Calamari was spicy, tender and fantastic.Service was good and everyone was friendly.  Almost too dark to enjoy the meal, but ok.  We all agreed that we'd like to go back and try out a few other menu items.  Especially in the summer, to try out the patio!
3	Great cocktails and atmosphere for a night with friends or hear downstairs for the bar atmosphere
3	Harris Grill is type of place that I enjoy when I'm there, but isn't crave-worthy enough to make me a regular. The fun menus, nice staff, solid beer selection, and good food won't disappoint (and bacon night is always a plus) but there's very little that you can find at Harris that you can't get - or top - somewhere else. That's the primary reason that I'll rarely wait for a table when it's busy.The mac & cheese is a standout, as many will tell you. Rich and creamy, with the cavatappi pasta being the difference...definitely a winner! As far as the food goes, I've never really had anything that I didn't like, but many items that I used to love are no long on the menu (pulled pork sliders being the main one, but the big sandwich is still there). Nowadays, I usually go for the fish tacos (good, but not a lot of fish on them) and the hummus, which is excellent. Henny Penny is another go-to, but be warned, as the spice levels have varied from time-to-time from so-so spicy to mouth-on-fire spicy.If you're looking for a nice vibe in good weather, it's fun to try your luck landing a table on the patio. Service can occasionally be slow outside and it almost always gets crowded, but it definitely beats the inside when it gets packed. The only real downside is that it gets packed most nights, and as mentioned before, it's not really worth the wait. Enjoy!
5	Might I say that this is one of the best places in Pittsburgh to get a late night bite and brew?  Yes, I might and will say this.After a frustratingly long day during a frustratingly long week at work, I decided I needed to stop here and ease my nerves with some comfort food and try out a few brews.  This, my friends, is just what the doctor ordered (no pun intended in relation to my work).My friend had beat me there and already had one of each in front of her.  She decided on the Trailerpark Tatchos and I'm not quite sure what she had to drink, but it was interesting in an interesting glass.  The Tatchos were amazing.  Nothing more than nacho toppings on tater tots, but a brilliant idea none the less.  The mixture of tastes on the fried up tater tots was great.  In a single bite you got spicy, hot and cool.  I decided that I needed to order something else myself, as I feared that my friend might end up raising her lip and snarling at me for eating more than I should.  I got myself an order of Cloudy and a Chance of These.  I dare you to take a wild guess as to what this order pertained to.   DING DING DING...you, sir get a prize...not really.  Nothing but an order of meatballs swimming in a big huge potion of their sauce.  Served with a side of bread to sop up what the fork missed.  The right combination of spices mixed with the melted cheese on top was what did it for me.  And that bread made sure I didn't miss a smear of that sauce.As for the brews, I tasted three different ones while I was here.  It was kind of hard to choose, but their nifty little binder filled with the choices made it easier.  What also made it easier was the fact that our waitress was able to make suggestions, not just guesses like most places.  Different flavors hitting my palate at just the right time made for a great night here.  I will definitely keep this on my short list when I need to calm myself after a hectic day at work.
5	I have to say that I became a Harris convert very early on. I moved a few blocks down on Maryland and this became my mainstay while in Shadyside. This is bar far the hippest restaurant in Shadyside, and it has just enough quirk and a nice clientele to keep my faith in the typically snooty Shadyside goers. The food here is great- with possibly the coolest menu in the city- and a few good vegetarian options to boot. The hummus is good, and the vegetarian chili is incredible. The beer selection and unique cocktails, while a bit expensive, are extensive. And leave room for dessert- the ice cream covered cookie thing is to die for, especially after a couple of drinks. The bartenders are great (except for a douchebag that I believe has recently left). Harris boasts maybe the best brunch with amazing mimosas along with the buffet. In the summer months there is a chef that makes your omelettes however you want them right in front of you. Try the frozen cozmos- I have had some crazy nights off of those.
4	A last minute cancellation afforded me the rare opportunity to have a weeknight dinner at a 'normal' person's time, so I decided to redeem one of my many (READ: TOO many) Groupons. On the left: The "I Can Has Bacon Cheezburgher?" cooked to medium-rare perfection on the optional pretzel bun. A solid and above average burger for certain. Not quite on the level of Winghart's Burger & Whiskey Bar or Burgatory Bar, but also without the price tag that comes with those burgers. Head & tails above any burger I've had at Tessaro's! On the right: The "Kielrogieretzel Sliders" - kielbasa, sauerkraut, whole grain mustard, and cheese-stuffed pierogi together in mini pretzel buns. Yeah, those were about as awesome as they sound, albiet alsightly overpriced for what you get. I think I've found a new place to add to the short rotation. NOTE: Not pictured was the Cookies-N-Cream dessert, which in their words is: "A freshly baked chocolate chip cookie of prodigious diameter served hot out of our Easy-Bake oven (powered by a 40-watt light bulb) in a lethal cast iron skillet with French vanilla ice cream. Give us a few minutes to make this: mom's baking these."One of the better desserts I've had, so I devoured it before photographic evidence could be obtained. If I needed any more evidence this place is kinda place, Tuesdays are 'Bacon Night'!This was on a Wednesday around happy hour - atmosphere was chill, quiet, and relaxed. Service from Byron behind the bar was attentive without being overbearing. Nice people.
5	Harris is the best.  Good beer, good bar food, good juke box, decent outdoor seating and all of the Pittsburgh charm you would want from your bartenders, servers and management.  It's my go-to bar when I'm in the Burgh. It's a bar; it's a good bar--if you're looking for life changing event I would recommend staying home and punching yourself in the face, since you're likely a Nickelback loving douche.
3	atmosphere is nice, drinks aren't too bad and the kitchen makes good food. however, small portions and high prices. yes don't go to a bar for the food but i'm still seething over the 15 dollars for 10 pierogies that were mostly salt. damn good though, just way too expensive. mac an cheese is pretty good, fairly salty but again way too expensiveif i were choosing a bar on elsworth for a pretty good time and more relaxed atmosphere I would go here. beer snobs, it has a decent selection and tyhe server was very nice.
5	Holy lord Mac and cheese with pulled pork and chili. Very good man drinks, very good lady drinks. Food service and staff. I like that they don't take reservations. Nice outdoor seating area.
5	Sitting outside eating the Mac Cheese + Chili + Pulled pork and drinking one of their many delish bourbon drinks I could not be any happier. good job Harris.
4	If you have a sense of humor, if you love frozen cosmopolitans or if you're just looking for a fun, casual place to get your grub on, Harris Grill is where it's at. I recommend the Henny Penny, but be adventurous; they are always changing their menu to incorporate a plethora of ingredients, so you're bound to find something you love. Plus, they've got a sweet outdoor patio for the warmer days. Make sure to spend some time with the menu. It's a riot. Brilliant!
4	This is a great place to go to during the summer time. I love sitting out on the patio. I got the chicken sandwich and my friend got the Pittsburgh salad. I would totally recommend getting any of the salads. The steak salad looked amazing (the people next to us got it) and the Pittsburgh salad tasted delicious. My sandwich was fine, but nothing to write home about. Overall, it was a good experience and will most likely be back.
5	I'm new in town, but by far this is my favorite restaurant so far.It's simple. Do you like foodie twists of classic food? Do you like places with a good beer / drink menu? If yes, go there. If no, don't go there.We always get the hummus appetizer, it's a fav. Also love the tacos and mac 'n cheese.BTW it gets mega packed on the weekends. Prepare to wait (and maybe sample the drink menu).
4	Very much like it's sister restaurant, the Harris Grill shares quite a lot. Menu items are the same, beer menu is frequently different, but the seasonal beers are the same. They even have the same parking issues, when the Harris Grill is hopping, you'll park blocks away. The Spring/Summer menu is on the docket now, some great items new are build your own bowl, I picked Quinoa, Grilled vegetables, and grilled salmon. The grilled vegetables were expertly cooked, crisp tender, smokey sweetness and the salmon was just under done, perfect! The quinoa was tender and an excellent foil for the smoked vegetables. Also on the menu is a greens free salad called Alexander The Great. It's Quinoa, chopped red peppers, Feta cheese, cucumbers, cured olives and a lemon vinaigrette. Light, yet filling from the protein packed Quinoa, it's a great dish for those HOT summer nights and sitting on the deck, great with a cold IPA or a Malbec. Both restaurants offer great servers, bartenders and friendly hosts. If you're a snooty Yelper and expect white collar waitstaff, these bars aren't going to be for you. If you are looking for a fun place to eat and imbibe, meet honest to goodness down to earth people, then the Harris and Shiloh grills are for you. Open for lunch now at 11:31 am. I removed a star because I had to circle the bar three times before I could park my car.
3	My favorite drink on the menu is the vanilla white Russian.  Get it, trust me you won't regret it!  I don't like the graham cracker rim so I request cinnamon sugar instead.Food leaves much to be desired - could barely find something I wanted.  Ended up with the meatballs which was one entre of 4 small meatballs skewered on a stick and that is it - no side items and no sauce.  Had to ask for a side of sauce to properly enjoy the meatballs.  They were just so tiny though.  Thank god for my white Russian to fill me up the rest of the way.Already went back within a week of my first visit to get another one of those white Russians - awesome!!!
3	Harris Grill is 100% OK. The service is nice, the drink list is nice, the menu (albeit confusing) is nice, and my overall experience has been...err...nice.Everything is a little expensive, and I don't really understand the menu (are they joking in some places? Is it supposed to be serious? Why is everything priced awkwardly?), but they have a solid brew list and the outdoor seating is crucial.Take a date here, take a group here, or come on a Sunday morning for their brunch (which is also nice).
4	Great atmosphere, good food, and lots of unique cocktails. The patio is very pleasant in the summer.
5	As a frequent flyer to Harris, I have nothing but great things to say. The menu is hilariously superb and the bar items are excellent. I get the Ceaser salad frequently and also the macaroni and cheese and it is always top of the line. The "f-bomb" martini will satisfy any taste buds as it is always done right. The arugula steak salad is always a great choice and I could go on! Also be sure to visit its sister restaurant Shiloh on Mount Washington!
4	The frozen cosmos and mimosas are great, especially on special during happy hour. They also have a great list of beers and other cocktails. The menu is a little creative but has mostly basic bar food. If salad is your thing you must get the one with beets and goat cheese.
5	Aside from the great food and drinks they are welcoming to all.
4	stopped in the Harris Grille last night after doctor visit. Doug our server was fantastic, he was very knowledgeble on all the menu items. he could list the make up of every item. very impressive. they had a unique and interesting list of foods. Both of us had superior Bloody Mary's. I had a carnitas (pulled pork sand) on a pretzel roll with the best Gazpacho I've ever tasted. Wife had a great Flat Iron on Mac & Cheese, very, very  good. We sat in the "Mural Room" trying to interpret the mural with Doug. very interesting. U must go and enjoy this unique grille. It's a fun place in a cool part of PGH.
4	I've been to Harris several times before but always seem to forget to Yelp afterwards. However, my last visit left an impression and I couldn't forget to share thoughts with all of you! We started with an appetizer of hummus, pita bread and vegetables. I was actually introduced to hummus at Harris about a year ago and judge other hummus selections in comparison to Harris'. It's sooooo good. It's thick, a tad bit spicy and perfect to munch on before and during your meal. During my last visit I ordered the Henny Penny and I was definitely satisfied. From the description, I knew it would have a "zing," but I didn't expect to be a fire breathing dragon (it's all good, though! I like spicy stuff!). They used a certain breading that almost reminded me of a wing-dust seasoning to bread the chicken in and topped it off with vegetables and a delicious homemade mayo that added to the zesty-ness of it all. Of course what sandwich isn't perfected without fries! Yum!My only complaint is the crowd. Maybe because it was a Friday night? Maybe because it was during the Pride Pub Crawl? I don't know... I just don't do well with screaming and obnoxious people as I'm trying to eat my sandwich and have a conversation with my friend. We were even upstairs and away from the bar. It's all whatever, though. Between the food and the good service, Harris always has me happy.
1	I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS PLACE AGAIN!!!!!We went to Harris Grill for lunch, we ordered some entree and calamari for appetizer. It was calamari on top of some salad with Thai chili sauce dressing. Just when we almost finished the calamari, I found one entire cigaret in the salad. CIGARET!!!! I have no idea how a cigaret can be in the salad. IT IS JUST DISGUSTING. We left without having the resting of the food.
4	Harris Grill is a restaurant in a house that looks like The Addams Family's home, but it doesn't mean you should be afraid to eat there. You can either sit out front or hide away in the inside OR sit at the bar with giant TV's that usually have on something more interesting than the latest game, sometimes Discovery Channel or Animal Planet.The food is a little pricey but the quality justifies the cost.  The mac and cheese is amazing and made fresh there.  The presentation and plating felt high end but the place is very casual.Rumor is Tuesday night is all you can eat bacon night, I'll have to make it for that.  If you go or it's another day, let me know!Tellem HITTofMCM sent ya!
5	With the wealth of breakfast and brunch offerings in the Pittsburgh area, it's great to go to one that isn't snubbing it's nose at the rest of the crowd. We were riding around, trying to find a place that didn't have a 4 day wait and would satisfy a monstrous appetite. And of all the brunch places in all the world, this one came walking into my life.Here's the deal that can't be beat: an unlimited Breakfast buffet with smoked salmon, eggs Benedict, an omelet station, and a frozen mimosa for $15. That's right kids! Add to that the great selection of beers and cocktails and you may need to move in. I was so satiated that I didn't eat another meal the rest of the day.The bonus was that there was great outdoor seating so we could participate in some obligatory people-watching.Next time I am back in this great town, I will definitely be hitting this place up again. I just need to see where I can purchase one of those additional stomachs and an extra-stretchy pair of pajama jeans.
3	A unique little spot with a quirky menu. I usually frequent this place with friends or with my lifelong dining partner due to the fact that it's close to my workplace as well as my abode. I really go here just for the atmosphere at night. When I'm feeling lively, I'll choose to sit inside and let the thumping of the music and cacophony of voices take over as I indulge in my meal. However, during those off days where I just want a place for (somewhat) quiet contemplation, I'll decide on the outside patio. If the weather doesn't permit and I still want that solace, they also have a lounge with a fireplace directly above the bar. It really does have a place for any sort of mood.The food is decent. Their menus do change quite frequently though, so it's best not to get *too* attached to a certain dish. One aspect that I love is how they name and describe their food. There's so much thought and effort put into each item as they come up with the most interesting of names and elaborate stories to introduce them to their guests.Their drinks are very good. They have a small little book dedicated to the cocktails and other alcoholic beverages they offer. It's always an adventure, choosing a drink as they offer a wide range of quirky mixes and cocktails. My personal favorite would be the Happy Ending, which is a cucumber-mint based cocktail that entails the magic of vodka and a few other liquors. It's perfect for refreshing the palate between dishes. Sadly, Harris Grill is a bit on the pricey side and the service is a tad inconsistent. But their unique menus and overall atmosphere is what keeps me coming back. PS. Tuesday is bacon night aka free bacon!
4	A Solid 4 stars for the right night and right person.  It's a fun, hip place that has a lot of good qualities.  Bacon night is for sure a great attraction.  Also, I really like their Sunday brunch menu.  If you are under 35 and are looking for a cool place to relax and grab a few drinks with friends this is it.
4	It was a lazy Monday afternoon, so I decided to head over to Harris Grill for a bite to eat on their deck. I ordered a glass of Merlot ($6) and their new roasted vegetable salad served with a side of fig dressing. For some reason or another, my glass of wine took 10 minutes to arrive. No apology from the server, but whatever she appeared to be the only person working outside. My salad was very yummy. Too bad the portion wasn't a tad bigger. I could have eaten the roasted veggies, especially the broccoli all afternoon.
5	Harris Grill is, by far, one of the best places to eat! It is such a fun, hipster place! The paintings on the walls have nuns and monks drinking and have a very artistic and fun vibe amongst the random gargoyle statues beside them! The menu is fun and is presented in a very comedic tone. They have an appetizer called "Britney Spears", so right there I'm a fan of the restaurant! The food is so fun and yummy! I always get the "Thanksgiving in Blawnox" burger, which includes turkey, cranberries, sage stuffing, and a wonderful rosemary aioli! Yum! Just thinking about me has me ready to go tomorrow! I also ordered the Henny Penny chicken sandwich, which was a little too "black" (burnt) for me. The service has always been good and the ambiance is always pretty much there! Sometimes, on a busy night, you feel like you're on top of the table beside you, but with food like Harris', it doesn't even matter!
4	Great evening. Basics:Great service, Very good food..hamburger Helper ( not like I remembered )Very good beer with pumpkin for my wife and met with her approval!Desert ...homemade cookie with Ice cream and whipped cream was perfectCheers
3	We came here for the all you can eat Sunday brunch. Food was not great...but for the $15 brunch it came with a hot and cold drink. And you can pick an alcoholic drink.I didn't think the brunch selection was that great. The area where the buffet was located ended up being really cramped with everyone standing in line for their food.
4	If it is Tuesday night and you are in Pittsburgh, be sure to make you way to Harris Grill for Bacon night! That's right, every Tuesday night bacon is served at the bar as soon as happy hour ends. The best part is that it's free! If you can, try to go a little before 6:30pm to enjoy the last of their happy hour specials right before they start serving bacon. They have a nice selection of beer along with an extensive seasonal cocktail list (definitely recommend trying the frozen cosmo!) and a wide variety of wines. I enjoy coming here when the weather is nice and sitting out on their front patio.  I have only been here for happy hour and bacon night and have had the Spinach dip and Buffalo chicken dip. Both are great to snack on while drinking with friends.  Fun place to get together with friends for drinks and a few laughs.
4	After the woeful Stillers game vs. Tampa, we did some Yelping to figure out where to go.  Hey 'Burgh...what's up with all your decent establishments being closed on a Sunday?  Harris Grill wasn't, and we're certainly thankful for that.This review should actually reflect 4.5 or 4.75 stars if possible- just a neat place.  We ventured over and found parking without issue.  I can imagine on a Friday or Sat evening this might be a little more challenging.  Since it was a beautiful fall evening, we opted to sit outside and we were approached quickly by our waitress with water, and asked for a moment to review the hysterical drink menu.  Much props to a place that doesn't take itself too seriously.  Just read the menu and if you have an ounce of humor in your body, you should at least salts (smile a little then stop).  I salt because LOL is so yesterday.I opted for the manly Sangria, which was outstanding, and she got some lemonade concoction with vodka.  Both were hits.  We also read a lot about the hummus, so we were followers and went with it...very pleased we did.  A great appetizer.She went with the skirt steak mac n cheese.  I went with the lobster and crab mac.  I'm just going to laugh at my kids when I make them microwave mac n cheese from here forward.  THIS is mac n cheese- it's creamy and fattening and has a crunchy topping and soft noodles (but not too soft) and well...it's perfect.  There were generous portions of lobster and crab in my dish and it was delish.  Her steak was seasoned and cooked to perfection.  I was almost jealous I didn't get it, but then I'd grab a huge hunk of seafood and quickly realize the mistake of my ways.  Both are very rich dishes.  If you can finish the big plate of mac, God bless you---you're a better person than I am.  However, it does make for a wonderful breakfast.  Don't judge me.  She finished with a dessert type drink that featured Rumchatta and strawberries- not my thing (said the guy who ordered Sangria), but she enjoyed it.  Dessert looked tempting, but the button on my jeans was already stressed, and not wanting to hold my pants up on the walk back to the car, I shook off the waitress and asked for the check.If memory serves, 3 drinks, an app and 2 fine dinners came to roughly $75 plus tip, so, roughly $90....and if I lived there, I'd do it at least once a month or more.  The menu is diverse (and funny).  The service is timely and I saw a manager deal with a couple 'difficult' customers in a way that I'd want my manager to treat any customer.  Pittsburgh's lucky to have this place.  When we're back in town, we'll be going here again.
3	Sooo...I ended up here last Fri. night at around 10:30 after a total customer service fail at another bar downtown that shall remain unnamed (see my bad customer service list if you must know...)  My friend and I had just finished crawling the art galleries downtown, and were in the mood for some libations and grub.We started off with some drinks.  Upon opening the drink menu, I was struck by its length and breadth.  I was initially tempted by the lavender-lemon concoction, but ultimately decided to go with a white Russian, since I'd never had one before and my lab manager had talked them up, and I enjoy my drinks sweeter as the night goes on.  It was a nice little drink--very smooth and strong, and I enjoyed the blending of the vanilla and coffee liqueur.  The best part, however, was the graham cracker crumbs on the rim!  My friend went with the painkiller, a favorite of his.  I had a sip, and it was also quite good, even though it involved coconut and I'm not usually much of a fan of coconut flavor.  Later on, he also ordered a beer (forget which kind) and a shot of yellow cake (he explained that this is a tradition because [insert backstory involving hung-over friends here]), whereas the white Russian was sufficient to quench my alcoholic thirst for the evening (I'm a lightweight when it comes to drinking).In terms of food, we ordered the large plain macaroni and cheese.  (He doesn't eat much seafood, and I don't eat beef, which precluded all of the other options.)  Given that I'm a mac and cheese connoisseur, and that another friend recommended the mac here, I was excited to try it.  When it came out, it looked quite attractive, with interesting noodles and a sprinkling of bread crumbs on top (I'm a fan of bread crumbs on my mac).  While the flavor of the cheese was pleasant, the cheese:noodle ratio was way too low, to the point that I ended up scraping the plate to get enough of it to cover my noodles. This should never happen with a quality mac and cheese!  Even my friend, who'd had the side dish mac and cheese before, said he thought the cheese was lacking in quantity.Because there wasn't any seating available on the patio, we were seated inside the door to the left, against the wall between the hallway and the bar.  The lighting was pretty dim, which made it a bit hard to see.  The atmosphere was definitely casual, and service was acceptable (though perhaps could have been a bit more attentive).  For the items listed above, we spent $50 + tip, which seems a bit steep.  If I were to return, I'd try to come during happy hour, since they have some nice deals on drinks and food.  3.5 stars.EDIT: I think the lack of cheesiness in the mac and cheese that I received was a fluke, based on reports from friends and the owner's comment (see below).  I'll have to come back another time to resample it--if I do, I'll update my review accordingly.
3	The drinks are strong and the staff is friendly. It looks like a great place to be from the outside and the warmth inside carries. D lighting and cozy corners make for a great atmosphere. The food is good and came pretty quickly for being with such a big party. They put up with 20+ women talking about all sorts of things and were courteous and attentive. They even split up the bill for everyone, which a lot of places won't do for groups. No complaints here. I hope to come back with a smaller crowd.
4	Great brunch deal! There will be a line if you arrive later than 11 am on Sunday because a 15-bucks buffet that has tons of wonderful food and one free coffee or juice or Bloody Mary just sounds so damn good! I love their waffles and egg Benny!
4	Very tasty!  Casual, nice, medium sized bar.  Great bloody mary.  Very, very good.  The bartender even made us an off menu blue cheese, bacon, and egg bloody mary which was just insane basically.  The Jerk Chicken Mac n Cheese was very good too.  Spicy, spiral noodles in a lightish cheese sauce.  Not super decadent but that's good because it was a HUGE portion.  Everything everyone in our group got looked pretty good.  Slightly expensive for what it was but whatevs.
4	Bobby and I stopped here for dinner on Saturday to celebrate his birthday as well as the anniversary of him dealing with me for 3 years (ha-ha)For drinks, Bobby ordered a long island (you probably could've guessed that though) & I ordered a glass of sangria (The original. They also had pumpkin sangria). He didn't enjoy his drink too much and i offered for him to try mine because it was delish! Wow, they make an amazing sangria! Bobby also enjoyed it, so we ordered a carafe of this delicious-ness.For dinner, Bobby ordered the Thanksgiving burger. It's a turkey burger with cranberry stuffing inside. It sounded really tasty! I almost thought about ordering it before he brought it up. He originally ordered the November throwback of a pork shank, however, someone from the kitchen came upstairs to inform us that it was defrosting since they didn't think another person would order it. It would've been an extra 15-20 minutes which is why he decided on the turkey burger. For his side, he ordered the Mac & Cheese.For my dinner, I ordered the ever so popular Henny Penny and a side of "smashed" potatoes. The server informed me that the chicken sandwich was a little spicy. I honestly thought i could handle it, and for the most part i did.. but i honestly couldn't finish the last half. It was just so spicy even water wasn't helping. Bobby ended up finishing my other half of sandwich and he gave me his mac&cheese. PS- the mac&cheese is delicious and sooooooo creamy! For dessert, we ordered "The wrongest dessert ever" (Please see picture to see why it was given this name.) The dessert was on their November throwback menu and consisted of a fried twinkie, two scoops of vanilla ice cream with a raspberry sauce (maybe chocolate sauce as well).. complete with whip cream. I loved it and i don't even care if you judge me for the calorie intake that i took in at this restaurant. I have full intentions on heading back before November is over to enjoy that dessert again!
4	I started coming here for work lunch meetings years ago, back before I was even 21. I was told it's the best menu in town, regardless of what food is on it. Years later, I still agree that it's hilarious bringing newcomers here just to read the menu.The drink menu is massive and overwhelming, and when you ask for a recommendation they will usually tell you to go with a seasonal item (cocktails or beers) or a manhattan (they also have a full page menu of manhattans.) They currently have a pumpkin sangria that is to die for. The patio is always packed, even when it's cold out, because it's pretty fab.The drinks aren't cheap, which is a bummer. Luckily the cocktails really are pretty special, though. Happy hour is good for beers, but that's about all. If you're looking for cocktails to please the manliest of men to the girliest of girls, go to Harris Grill. He can get a manhattan and she can get a dessert chocolate and baileys concoction, or something.I've been here for all kinds of reasons, but I think it's best for snacks and drinks. The food menu has some Pittsburgh specialties that I would recommend for fun and for out-of-towners, but I've also had many "tots n beers" nights that have hit the spot perfectly. (The vego chili is also perfect to pair with a meal or as a snack).Sometimes the drinks are better than others. I have ordered the same manhattan and the same bloody mary on different nights, and they were worlds apart. That is disappointing, but Harris Grill has always got something to make up for any pitfalls.
4	I came here with a few friends today for a late lunch after a race. The service was quick and very friendly.  We ordered Totchos (tater tot nachos) to start and they were delicious! The buffalo chicken dip disappeared within minutes as it was better than any buffallo chicken dip any of us have had at a restaurant.  The seasonal cocktail menu was also great- I had the rum spiced cider and a pumpkin pie cocktail.  To top it off, one of the people in our group has a severe nut/bean allergy, and the entire staff was very accommodating in making sure no nuts or beans touched our food. Will come back again for sure.
2	I stay 2 blocks away from Harris Grill. I have been to shiloh's grill as well, a caouple of times. Harris Grill used to make awesome food an year ago..now its just boiled vegetablea..steak cut out for you..who would want that!!!!
4	Things I love about the Harris Grill. Outdoor seating.  Great place for summertime/fall time drinks and dinner. Upstairs couch seating. I always like the comfy atmosphere. Food. Most selections are always really good. Burgers, hummus, spinach dip. They always have a good rotating menu with seasonal apps and entrees. One I love that used to be a regular and returns at times is the Rita Hayworth and the Pork Shank Redemption. Most delicious pork shank! Happy hour is good with deals on apps and drinks. Beware the frozen Cosmo. While quite delish, get a driver. I swear to you I had two one night and had to stay at a friend's house up the street. Things I don't love. My only disappointment as of late are the seasonal drink features and a lot of the cocktail prices. I had a black walnut Manhattan and while it was very good, it was not $12 good. Prices are never listed for the drinks and they should be. To end on a positive, my service has always been great here. It can get quite busy and snotty at times from the customers who feel entitled to their neighborhood and the hosts/hostesses take the brunt of that. They are really accommodating and very diplomatic dealing with the shittiness of some of the customers. That cannot be easy! Bartenders and servers have always been on top of service even during the busiest of nights.
4	During happy hour, get the frozen Cosmo with the added shot of Chambord.  They have pretty great happy hour specials.  I've been too many times to count for both food and drinks, and the service there is relliably great.  Paul G. is the best bartender!  Food-wise, you can't go wrong with the jamaican tacos, thanksgiving in Blawnox turkey burger, the Tots. The salads are all solid too.  In the summertime, the small back patio is the best seat in the house.  I agree with other reviewers that the mixed drinks are a little pricey and that the prices should be listed on the drink menu. In all, this is my neighborhood spot and I plan to spend many, many more summer evenings here whiling away the hours with great friends.
5	Harris grill is the best. Tonight was probably the 5th time that I have been here but this is my first yelp review! It's an adorable set up. There's an outdoor patio when the weather is nice and the building is two floors. It's dark and cozy with art on the walls. Service is always spectacular. The servers are helpful, friendly and take great care of their customers.Their hummus is AMAZING!!! It's super tasty and it's my favorite hummus from any restaurant. Their platter comes with tons of veggies and pita bread. The Britney Spears chicken tenders are awesome- their sauces are unique and packed with flavor. Why did I call them Britney Spears chicken tenders you ask? Because their menu is awesome and witty and hilarious- their items have really goofy names with long descriptions that make you laugh. Today I ordered their grilled weasel which is a veggie sandwich. I've had it in the past and it's perfect every time. Ciabatta bread, portabella mushroom cap, grilled zucchini,  red peppers, melty cheese... So good! Their eggplant parm is awesome too! Sooo yummy! Harris grill is consistently good. Is it the most amazing meal you have ever had? Well no, I mean maybe .. .. But overall it's always good. They always have living socials and groupons too!
4	I have been here many many times and overall my experience is very good.  They have a good selection of drinks and decent food.  They mac-n-cheese dishes are delicious and so are their burgers (my favorite used to be their sliders but unfortunately they removed them from their recent menu). The ambiance is also great for both winter and summer (they have outdoor patios), while the service has always been friendly and useful.  I am sure I will be visiting Harris Grill quiet a few more times in the future! A good choice if you find yourself on Elseworth or Shadyside in general.
4	PSA: there is a groupon for this place that is valid until May 2015!Burger was good. Mac and cheese was a little salty and not very warm but it wasn't terrible. Cookies and cream dessert was super yummy. Service was very attentive and we went on a Saturday night. Kinda dim and loud in there...it is a bar after all, and there is some interesting religious art work on the walls.
4	I really liked this place!!  The atmosphere is inviting and cozy.  We ate upstairs at the table facing the window and it was a nice spot to relax and people watch. It looked like they had other cozy group seating arrangements up on the second floor too.  Our waiter was really nice and attentive.  The menu is great.  Not so much that you get lost, but covers enough for everyone's taste....and it's full of jokes and hilarious descriptions.  Lots of comfort food, and tasty twists on classics.  They have a huge drink menu (...more like book) with lots of creative originals.I had the Cajun chicken mac special (the dish may have actually been titled "Imagine the Rastabilities").  The serving was huge, and the mac was awesome.  It was a bit too spicy for me, but that's just my taste and I think it was a really cozy meal.
