3	Good basic hotel.  I think this may have been another brand hotel that Marriott took over and renovated.  Had to wait 15-20 minutes to check-in because of computer problems.  Room was not real large, but was clean and in good condition.  Pretty quiet.  They provide a free mostly cold breakfast - cereal, yogurt, little pastries, bagels etc, but not much fruit except apples and bananas.   Nothing to offend but nothing to rave about either.  The nearby Residence Inn Hughes Center is nicer if it is available and fits your budget.
3	I give this hotel 3 Stars strictly based on smaller hotels category, not in comparison to other bigger, fancier casino hotels.Me & my friend visited Vegas for Business. Fairfield Inn Marriott perfectly fit our needs. We lost most of our money yet, wanted to stay another night, lolSo we relocated from our expansive hotel into Fairfield.My friend had reward points which covered our night stay.So I can't tell you how affordable it was or how good of a bargain it is.But the lobby is modern, well maintained & smells good. Rooms are as standard as you can get.Vendor machines and a little snack bar at the patio. Nothing to brag about but far from being ashamed of.Few minutes from the heart of the strip or the off strip clubs & bars.If you are in Vegas to make some money, yet need privacy and a cheap but descent place to stay at, this may be the place for ya. Yalla Bye.
3	It's hard for them to compete with the big Casino if you are in town for fun. But if you want to do business and if it involves a trade show or convention at the LVCC then this place is great. No time wasted coming in and out of huge resort, good free breakfast and easy walk to the convention center. Also free wifi, clean rooms and nice staff.
4	Clean, standard sized rooms. The rooms come with a mini fridge, and some rooms have microwaves, but there is also a microwave in the lobby.Free WI-FIShuttle Services to airport, convention center, and stripFree continental breakfast, with jimmy dean sandwiches and waffles.Pool only open in the hot season and small fitness room.7-11 a block a wayPlaza of eateries around the corner; must try: Firefly Tapas and Satay Malaysian & ThaiOverall, not having to pay cab fares all week was extremely convenient, but make sure you call 30 minutes before to ensure the shuttle works with your schedule.The service is friendly, and mostly helpful, and there is a touch screenconcierge computer with local and Strip information. We will definitely be back!
2	Heed the warning... read this before booking.No one bothers to mention this fact. It's an unadvertized secret till you have checked in.THERE WAS NO WIFI SERVICE IN THE ROOM... ABSOLUTELY NO WIFI SERVICE IN THE ROOM.You had to hook up your Kindle, Nook, iPad, or any smartphone if you don't have 3G service at the hotel hobby where you can explore your dark side among strangers.What Hotels don't have WiFi service in the room? Only in Vegas and Timbuk 1 (I'm sure Timbuk 2 has WiFi).The room had bulky cathode ray TV but dining area had flat screen TVs. The pool was not heated and I longed for a dip from a distance. The free breakfast was decent with minimal hot items like coffee and self-made waffles. The staffs filled coffee and hot water dispensers near the lobby throughout the days and nights.So travelers, whatever ever happen in Vegas, stay in hotel lobby.
2	All of the staff provide excellent, friendly, caring service.   I will actually miss the employees.The breakfast always includes:  boiled eggs, frosted flakes, raisin bran, milk, bananas, apples, oatmeal packages, grapefruit pieces, waffle mix and a orange juice syrup machine.  They have soy milk, but you have to ask for it. The walls are thin and you have to ignore sounds from your neighbors and hallway activity.The WIFI is very slow and frustrating.   This was the worst feature.   The toilets are the types you have to flush three times for each visit.   The soap, moisturizer, shampoo and conditioner are awful.   The pool is not heated.   The gym includes two treadmills and a bike.  There is a 1970s pulley in there too.   The shuttle will take you to the airport, Wallmart, The Wynn Hotel and Bally's.  Don't ask them to drop you off at Target, they will give you directions to walk or call a taxi. They don't have a laundry room but provide a dry-cleaning and laundry service for an extra cost.The bed was comfortable and the wide screen t.v. was pretty nice.Overall, 5 star customer service in a two star hotel.
3	Stayed here during my stay for the STAR TREK CONVENTION held at the Rio. This offered $99/night and we stayed for two nights. Not bad. It's a Marriott. STAFF:Staff were friendly. We checked in and out. Done.BREAKFAST:The breakfast was eh... they ran out of stuff fast and were not able to replace a lot of the stuff. I got a Jimmy Dean sandwich the first breakfast but they ran out and didn't have it all weekend. They had a waffle maker but it was eh. They also offered cereals, milks, yogurts, fruit cups, bananas, apples and boiled eggs. Also oatmeal in a bag. Coffee was pretty good but they didn't restock their cups fast enough.Their juice is NOT good.ROOM:Clean. Standard room.Air conditioner was LOUD. Like SUPER loud. I ignored it the first night cuz I was so tired but the next night, I woke up JUST TO TURN IT OFF. I would had complained but it was the last night and they couldn't do anything. AVOID ROOM 126. LOUD AIR CONDITIONER!!!AMENITIES:I like to look at the soap and such they offer - they were brand name and tiny, so pretty good. The bars of soaps looked liker candy bars. Those were good. Enough towels. Coffee maker in the room. Fridge in the room. PARKING: TonsOVERALL:This is nice that it's off the strip and cheap but our room sucked.
4	Just to be clear, I am rating the Marriott Fairfield as a smaller business chain hotel, ie., Hampton, Courtyard, Holiday Inn ect. We were hear for 3 night to attend my son's soccer tournament. The staff was excellent, friendly and efficent, cabs easy to arrange for a $10 ride to the strip.The breakfast was infested with 12 to 15 year old soccer players and they kept everything filled with a wonderful attitude. I will surely book them again when I am next on business in Vegas!
3	I spent 1 night here before an early morning flight, the hotel is comfortable and the service is outstanding.  The great attitude and helpfulness of everyone that I spoke with from the Fairfield was refreshing.The hotel itself is standard Fairfield Inn, nothing special.  We did hear quite a bit of airport noise until well after midnight so that may be a source of frustration for some guests.The FI also offers a smallish, outdoor pool. I didn't check to see if it is heated.A nice breakfast was served at 0630 with waffles, oatmeal, Jimmy Dean sandwiches and coffee. The young lady who checked me in offered to prepare a breakfast to-go since I had an early flight but I just grabbed some coffee for the road.The hotel does offer a shuttle to the hotel and to Las Vegas Blvd.Although, I would not suggest the Fairfield Inn as an alternative to a "Strip" casino property unless you are making a Marriott Rewards points run or something.  For the price that you will pay here, you can get a nice room at the MGM/Excalibur/Planet Hollywood/etc...Overall, this is a standard Fairfield property with exceptiona people andl service as differentiators.  I would stay here for business travel or as a place to crash close to the airport for an early flight.
3	Avoid room 115, it is inches from the lobby and between the entrance and the elevators...The lobby is fine. I've never been awake for the breakfast so can't comment on that. On more than one occasion I've been given a room key that doesn't work or a room that is occupied, both requiring a frustrating trip back to the front desk after a long day of work. Airport shuttle is friendly and accommodating. They also will give you a ride to Bally's or the Mall. The shuttle is their strongest point.The girls at the front desk are kind but typically lack understanding on requests to the front desk or any kind of abnormal situation. The area around the hotel is sketchy. There are a couple of places to eat, the closest being a McDonald's. Near by there is a tapas bar and a good sub shop as well though. A fine place if you're in town very shortly or strictly for business (having a car would be a huge plus). Would not recommend if you are going to Vegas for vacation or a visit to the strip.
2	First of all, I'm not a big fan of Marriott. It seems that every time I stay at one there are clear areas that need to be improved. They really need to step up their game when compared to Hilton.The most important part of this place is where you will be spending the most time; the bed. It's extremely hard (or firm if you prefer). I was able to sleep on it but it was much too hard. If you are used to memory foam or a pillow top you may not be able to sleep on it. The hotel is in desperate need of an update. The carpets are old and it just feels a bit run down. On the positive side, they have a decent free breakfast, it's inexpensive, and fairly accessible from the strip and airport. Plus they have a free shuttle. If I can get a free room with points then I will stay here again but otherwise I wouldn't waste my money.
3	Actually the hotel is really nice. Easily a 4 star. But their horrible wifi partner caused me to take at least one star off. I'm on 4g now instead cause it won't let me stay connected no matter how many times I enter the code. If wifi is important to you, stay elsewhere. If wifir is not important to you this coul be a good choice otherwise. Personally I'll never never never stay here again. Simply too frustrating.
2	When we first checked into this hotel everything seemed pretty good. The lady who checked our group in was super friendly and welcoming. After check-in it just seemed to go downhill. We understood this wasn't some fancy on-strip hotel so our expectations weren't that to begin with.However, of the two rooms we got - one of the rooms didn't have an AC that worked properly. Being in Vegas in the summer, that's a huge negative. Luckily, it was pretty easy to call the front desk and get another room. Problem solved! Or so we though. The other room they gave our group had the same problem! The AC still didn't work properly, so they had to change rooms once again and FINALLY we got a second room with working AC. The rooms themselves are decent at best, not what I would expect from a hotel that brands itself as a Marriott though. The beds were not that comfortable, decent at best. The bathrooms in both rooms we got had no ventilation at all, so if you take a hot shower all that steam is just trapped in there with you. The guy who was working the night shift on the day we stayed had an attitude problem. Some people in our group wanted to grab some snacks/water from the (Very tiny) snack area in the lobby, but nothing had a price on it and the guy working behind the counter seemed pretty annoyed that we would even ask. Not very friendly at all. Overall, i'd give this place two stars. No, I wouldn't stay here again unless i absolutely had too, but the experience wasn't horrifically bad either. Btw if you have to stay here and are looking for good food in walking distance, walk over to Satay Thai in the shopping center next door. The Thai food there is delicious!!!
5	Hotel under construction. New changes look great. Great price with AAA discount for a weekend. Only paid 70 for a Friday and Saturday night which is hard to find in Vegas. Including free wifi and continental breakfast. Not far from the strip but you will need to take a cab ride back don't walk. Friendly staff. Elizabeth really went out of the way to help me. Great experience
3	I used the parking feature offered through the Fairfield Inn for a week long vacation over the holidays. Signing up online was a breeze and checking in went well. The problem we had was that when we got back and called, we were told that it would take the shuttle 40 minutes to pick us up from the airport! They are only 2 miles away and when I had spoken with them before parking, I had been told around 15 - 20 minutes depending on how busy they were. We were VERY suprised. We decided to get a cab from the airport instead of waiting - as we were pulling in the hotel, I received a phone call from the front desk asking if I was waiting for the shuttle. I explained that we had decided on a cab and was told that the girl that told us 40 minutes pulled that answer from SOMEWHERE but that the shuttle had been sitting at the hotel the WHOLE TIME - he would have been there in 15 minutes if she had told him! The lady at the front desk was really nice about it and apologized repeatedly. She even split the cab fare with us since we shouldn't have had to use them in the first place. With the exception of the desk girl not doing her job correctly, the experience was pretty good - ALOT cheaper then parking at the airport!
3	Checked in here for three days and two nights. Rooms were nice. What we didn't expect was the renovations ... which by the looks of other reviewers have been going on for a while now. I was not aware of it till we arrived and it almost looked like the hotel was not in business. We entered through the side entrance to a small make-shift office. Girls at reception were very friendly but not too knowledgeable. I asked for an ice machine on the first floor and was insistently told there was one around the corner. Told the girl and she walked me over and said, "Ha! I guess there's isn't one."The complimentary breakfast smelled really good but you might as well blink an eye and it's over.
3	My husband I always book nothing but Marriott hotels.  I have always felt special at Marriott hotels until now. My only guess is because on this occasion, I used my points for 2 free nights. I asked for a couple of waters at check in and she told me they didn't have any but right behind her I saw the bags made up with water bottles in them (the same ones I would normally get.) Also, they are doing construction in the lobby so there is no market to buy snacks or that water they didn't have in the back. Matter of fact, she directed me down the road to a store if I wanted a drink.not even an offer of tap water.
1	The ONLY good thing about this place was "KT", who checked us in. When we stayed here we didn't feel welcome at all. At 10:30am, with the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door, the house keepers came by to ask when we were leaving. Then a little while later someone called our room and also asked us when we were going to be checking out....uh? 12:00pm maybe? When check out time is. Whats the rush? We were also unfortunate to stay here during the sketchy remodel. Don't stay here, it wasn't a pleasant experience at all. Not your normal marriott by any means. The rooms were ok, but the tv didn't work well. Many of the channels were fuzzy. The beds were comfortable.
1	Probably the worst hotel I've stayed in when you factor in the price.  The shower drain was nearly backed up so by the time I was done, I was standing in inches of water. The internet kept freezing up so I'd have to disconnect and reconnect to the wifi.  It got a little chilly overnight so I slightly turned the heat on and was constantly on, no matter how far I turned the thermostat into the cold range; I realized this when I was awoken by the discomfort from the heat.  The hotel is under renovation that was supposed to be completed months ago so you have to use the side entrance instead of the front and the exercise room still isn't complete so you have to go to their sister hotel, the residence inn to work out. Last but not least, there were multiple times I called down to the front desk and no one answered the phone.  Just an awful stay all around.
4	I almost canceled my reservation due to the many negative reviews I read......and I am so glad that I didn't! We had the best experience here. The staff was amazing. The front desk desk was exceptional. We had a fabulous experience here! The lobby was recently remodeled (along with the rest of the hotel, I believe), and it's hip and fun. The complimentary breakfast was yummy, and wasn't just muffins and juice! They had homemade waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage, fresh fruit, bagels, muffins, 4 different kinds of cereal and yogurt. Oh, and juices, coffee, tea, and hot chocolate. I can't say enough about this hotel. The rooms were neat and clean and the beds were super comfortable. It was just what we needed for our weekend (we were there for a basketball tournament). It was off the Strip, but offered a free shuttle.I will definitely stay here again if I return to Vegas.
1	If it is important to do to make your flight by relying on an airport shuttle do not stay here.     I thought the 45 minute wait for the shuttle last night at the airport to get here is bad this morning is ridiculous I was in the lobby at 915 waiting for the 930 shuttle when I was told there would not be one till 10 am.  Well I just  watched the 10 o'clock leave  at 950 with one person on it with 8 of us still sitting in the lobby.   The girls said they will be at 10:15 now.   Why is it supposed to run every half hour we need to get the airport to make flights. This is ridiculous I don't know who manages here but they have problems.
4	Hotel exceeded our expectations! This property was recently renovated so it felt like a new hotel. The room and lobby was modern, clean and fresh. This hotel had a lot of complimentary amenities including free parking, wifi, out door pool, breakfast & airport shuttle! Front desk and operator were extremely friendly and helpful and housekeeping did a great job refreshing our room.The only reason why I wouldn't give this hotel a five-star review is due to the weekend breakfast attendant. She was extremely rude and unprofessional. We got scolded for not knowing how to use the waffle maker and she rudely stood in front of us a couple of times to restock items. She also gave us dirty looks when we took some muffins to our room. Other than the rude breakfast lady, we loved this place! If you're looking for a great value and a nice hotel that doesn't charge you for every little thing, this place is worth looking into!Also, thank you to my shuttle driver (Wally?) for the enjoyable free ride to the airport!
4	The hotel has been re-done and it looks great.  The room was clean and the staff was friendly.  The pool is clean and they also have a fitness room.  They have tea and coffee downstairs and coffee in the room.
5	Nice place plus they got free breakfast. And a friendly staff. Just be careful someone car got broken into
