5	The Smelly Cat was great. They have a very bright and fun decor; outside seating; and a big set of rocking chairs. How can you go wrong with rocking chairs? The barista made my hot chocolate with milk instead of water and put a nice serving of whipped cream on top. The young man who served us was extremely friendly, genuine, patient, and hard-working... and quite cute to boot. The cafe is in the NoDa neighborhood (North of Davidson), a two-block assemblage of eateries, alternative shops, a concert venue, etc. It seems to be the only area in Charlotte that doesn't suck. The only problem is that many of the places around are closed on Monday-Wednesday nights.
4	Don't let the name fool you, they have great coffee all around.  And they have soy milk for non-dairy people.  Very cozy atmosphere.  Cool booths made out of antique doors.  A down home kitchen feel but equally appropriate for coffee snobs who would like to go somewhere besides Starbucks for a change.  Not that I have anything against Starbucks, but I'm looking forward to visiting Smelly Cat again.
5	I don't drink coffee, but they have the best hot chocolate in Charlotte.  I'll slap you if you think Starbucks hot chocolate is even average.  Also, they do have a private lot. I'm not sure why 2 people said you can only park on the street...
4	Smelly Cat has become my de facto office this semester since I can't seem to find anybody to give me a real one. I'm in Smelly Cat right now...I love it here.The staff is friendly, and the decor is fun. I love the doors. I wish there were a few more plugs for the laptops, and a few more food offerings would be nice...but I can handle these little defects. The coffee is good, and you can sit here for hours without anyone bothering you.
4	I walked in after work and was quickly soothed by Bob Marley tunes and a fresh Ethiopian Coffee.  There is reading material all around, which is definitely a must have.  The joint looks like a brick storage unit that was painted by a bunch of hippies and decorated by cat lovers.  There are comfy seats throughout and booths if you arrived with friends.  They change their coffee specials daily and they range from Decaf to Dark, and they are all delicious.  I heard the Mango Smoothies are a delicious treat as well.  I gotta try one next time around.  I also thought that the outside seating was well decorated with homemade wind chimes and trees for shade during those hot Charlotte afternoons.  I liked it so much that I should have left a tip at the bar, but I was a little broke.  Woops.
4	Smelly Cat is an awesome NoDa hangout. The artsy decor includes doors that have been placed to create little nooks for several of the tables. They offer free wireless and plenty of coffee drinks and snacks. I typically get a chai latte, but if you're looking for more of a dessert, the chai shake is really good too. I love sitting outside reading a book and enjoying a coffee on a nice day.
5	being a professional coffeesnob.  This made me happy.  Great service, the best cap in Charlotte, and a great place to hang out.  I went to all the coffeehouses in Charlotte this won!!
4	Located in the NoDa (North of Davidson) district of Charlotte, NoDa began its rebirth in the 80's after the areas last mill closed in 1975. Artists with a vision of creating a new fringe arts district are off to a good start, opening several shops and restaurants bordering 36th Street and North Davidson. Among those businesses is Smelly Cat, a locally owned coffee shop that aside from coffee, serves sandwiches and other snack items including a uber yummy peanut butter pie. Small booths are constructed of used doors and the overall decor is rustic with a sprinkling of cat items throughout, there is outdoor seating as well as a small parking lot to the side of the building.While NoDa is a bit out of the way, it is one of the more interesting neighborhoods in Charlotte and Smelly Cat is a fun addition to this district.  The first and third Friday of each month brings out the free "Gallery Crawl", where the galleries stay open late in the evening.
4	Excellent independent coffee shop.  Hometown feel with NoDa culture.  Staff is friendly and the locals are interesting.  Good place to relax or have laid back business meeting.  Free Wifi and rocking chairs don't hurt either.
3	Good coffee, but great location and atmosphere. A must in NoDa
4	Good vibe, good coffee, & good people - what more could you ask for?
4	Cool vibe, artsy neighborhood, good coffee. They offer 3 daily brews, including one flavored brew. The iced coffee is tasty, as well.
4	We went in for the name and free wi-fi.  We stayed a while because of the awesome vibe.  Smelly Cat is in the fun NoDa neighborhood.  There were 80's tunes playing when we arrived, local art on the walls, and excellent re-purposing of old shabby chic doors to form - I don't know what to call them - maybe table cubicles?  The doors divide space between tables along the walls.  What a great way to create semi-privacy.  I've never seen that done before, so major snaps for creativity.Loved the concrete coffee bar and exposed industrial ceiling.  Smelly Cat is ultra hip.  Oh, with good coffee, by the way.
5	wow this is exactly as a cafe should be. in fact if I ever were to open a cafe, and I often have dreamt of it, this is exactly what i would have done.charming decor, local artists on display, great music, free wifi, cozy tables, awesome staff, loose leaf tea, cool mugs, and a nice crowd.love it!
4	Nice, querky stop along the way. Like others have posted earlier, it definitely is eclectic, artsy, and independent. It has good energy, draws a good crowd. Music adds to the chill atmosphere too.I guess they are pretty open on allowing pets in because a patron brought her dog in with her. The bathroom was clean...always a plus.I'll be back!
5	Given the only thing I've gotten here is various types of ice creams, this place is amazing. The service rocks and the prices are reasonable, while the atmosphere screams cozy coffeehouse. The T-shirts are pretty cool too, I love nothing more than to stop by here and get a desert after I get dinner at Boudreaux down the street :) Very nice and cozy.
4	Smelly Cat (or, Stinky Kitty, as I know it) is a great neighborhood coffee shop.  Small, semi-private booths, couches, and outdoor seating.Bring your dog, or your laptop, or your friend... or meet some folks when you get there!Either way, great place in NoDa!
5	Beautiful Sunday morning, artsy little cafe, sun shining, hot sweet chai, people enjoying the day inside and out. The door partitions between booths are just as cool as other reviewers said. I look forward to trying other beverages and hanging out...
5	Any time I get coffee anywhere else (*cough*starbucks*cough*), I regret not going to Smelly Cat. They make great espresso drinks, amazing hot chocolate and brew great coffee. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is really chill. A great place to sit and do some work or hang out with friends.
4	The perfect NoDa neighborhood coffee shop.  Free wifi, delicious coffee, ice cream, and delicious (even gluten free) snacks.
4	Great Friendly Neighborhood Coffee Shp
4	There was an intermittent alternate dimension happening at Smelly Cat over the past couple of days, and it made for great people watching. Case in point: today several groups of fourth graders paraded in throughout the day to read their own poetry, open-mic style. It was quite the site to see, what with all of the rhyming prose and the enraptured listening of the teaching set, and when it was over? Snaps, just like the beats like it. Ginsberg might have been confused, but he might have been proud.Smelly Cat Coffee House is just what the name implies, a cozy cove of fluffy chairs, enclaves, and cafe tables that make camping out here in NoDa fun. My meetings today flew by, not the least of which was because of the hazelnut Italian soda I slammed, or the arty ramblings of children, or the giant leafblower that careened about when I sat outside for a bit. It's a little on the small side, but you don't have to be gigantic to be a cool coffee room. And as it turns out, if you're here, the ability to snap effectively helps.
2	I typically enter into a coffee shop with the hope of getting a delicious cup of coffee or espresso. I arrived at the Smelly Cat with this expectation and was severely disappointed. The coffee was very bland and my friend who ordered espresso was also disappointed in her order. It is definitely a cool place to hang out, despite our lack of proper caffeine buzz we played Scrabble for at least two hours. There are board games to be played and it would be an excellent place to study with some goodies on-hand to nosh on. I would not recommend Smelly Cat for a delicious or satisfying cup a joe.
4	Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat thanks for providing me with a comfy booth and tasty treats. And yes, I'm that tool who sings the Smelly Cat song in my head every single time I walk into this cute little coffee house. Smelly Cat is one of those adorable local coffee hangouts that is chock full of fun. They have coffee, they have ice cream, they have pastries, they have tea...I mean, comon' they even have cheesecake. The staff have always been really friendly and eager to please. Hubs and I have strolled in here a few times during Friday gallery crawls and have yet to be disappointed. I've enjoyed a very good, and very sweet, white mocha. No doubt it would put most folks straight into sugar shock. On another occasion I've taken down a hefty strawberry croissant. While it wasn't at the caliber of other local bakeries, it was still flaky and scrumptious. I also remember a time that I enjoyed some type of mango iced tea. Even unsweetened it was the perfect accompaniment to a sweltering summer day. Until next time, Smelly Cat, I'm going to try to get this song out of my head now.
4	Smelly Cat is what I look for in a cafe, including decent coffee and an unorthodox and artsy approach.  NoDa seems to be a neighborhood I could get along with.This coffee house won the 2010 "best coffee" award from Creative Loafing Charlotte, a local arts/culture/entertainment rag.  It's a nice achievement - more than once I saw people come in, obviously not from around the corner, just to check it out.  They did inspect the mugs but did not buy anything to drink.  SERIOUSLY?  Is a quirky cafe really a local curiosity bordering on indigenous tourism? Weird, weird behavior.I ordered a latte and did some work while relaxing. To preface - I'm reminded of a time when I must have done a stereotypical "guy" thing at work and a female co-worker rolled her eyes, laughing at me and saying "Josh, you're such a GUUUUUY."  Explanation forthcoming.I ordered a latte, and I have to admit it tasted like a pumpkin spice latte from a corner bodega.  I didn't order any flavors - I'm really not a fan.  I could have corrected it and did not... the barista was one of the prettiest girls I've ever seen in all my travels across the USA and I turn into Mr. Bashful under these circumstances.  OK SO I'M A GUUUUUY, SUE ME. I can't blame Smelly Cat for not fixing a problem I didn't bring up.  I drank my pumpkin spice beverage without complaint and got a coffee afterward, which I actually really liked - I had the daily dark roast and enjoyed it. (They use simple syrup - why don't more coffee houses do this?).I really liked the layout inside the cafe - really comfortable in my view, with various types of seating available.  More seating and more fun than other places in Charlotte.  Smelly Cat offers ice cream - I can't remember seeing this in a coffee house before - and a few other baked odds and ends, including some vegan stuff.  Music was indie, generally - I heard Elliott Smith, Death Cab and some other stuff leaning towards twee. The regular clientele seems youngish and hippish, with a smattering of oddballs that make a funky neighborhood fun to visit.I don't think anybody makes cold brewed coffee in North Carolina.  Not to evangelize, but Bro. Larson is suggesting that Smelly Cat introduce cold brewed iced coffee.  It's just better, a lot better.Anyway, I enjoyed my time at Smelly Cat and will absolutely return when I come back to Charlotte.  Regardless of Lattegate, I enjoyed myself.  The regular coffee was very good and I was victimized/psyched out/stunned by the opposite sex.  I was introduced to a neighborhood I could see myself existing in if I ever happened to move to Charlotte.  I saw weirdos enter, inspect and leave.  I saw a guy enter the cafe with his huge St. Bernard just to give his dog a drink (hydrate your pup man!).  My kind of crowd.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my afternoon at Smelly Cat.  They've got all of the markings of the hip coffee shop experience: local artists' work as well as other types of quirky flair on the walls, little multicolored tables and chairs, just-off-mainstream but still pleasant music, thoughtfully planned nook/booth seating so you can sip your drink and work in your own private little world.  On the other hand, they also actually had friendly and helpful service, a welcome break to some previous hipster coffee shop experiences I've had in the past. I had a wonderfully refreshing iced tea and a slice of rich cheesecake, and I noticed that they also offer ice cream, all variety of espresso drinks and vegan treats (if you're into that kind of thing).  I do see how coming by at the wrong time could be a problem, what with the somewhat limited seating options, but I guess that's the price one pays for cozy.
5	Friendly service and a great cup of Joe!
4	Smelly Cat smells quite delicious-wifts of freshly roasted coffee.  Another flattering review of Smelly Cat seems redundant, but here's my observations about this place-High "perk" factor of baristas-I can't even pull off that level of perkiness with liberal doses of caffeine-Variety of bevies- Chai lattes, a different flavor of iced tea daily on special, several roast of coffee to choose from.  They keep iced coffee (don't know if its cold press) but it does the trick.  -Dilworth coffee used in coffee beverage-It's "dil-worthy" of praise, wha wha whaaa!-Smallish-Though I wouldn't likely loiter here for hours, I would certainly visit Smelly Cat on a lunch break or before a big day in NoDa (or night, if you know what I mean).The overall experience is great.  I like light or medium roast coffee and I find it to be a tad bitter here.  It's really good, but it's not as smooth as I've had in other coffeehouses.  Overall, Smelly Cat makes NoDa what it is.
5	Perfect fit for Noda neighborhood of Charlotte... don't take the "Cat" for granted; our little 'hood wouldn't be the same without her!  Great coffee, great baristas all right here within walking distance of all our other great Noda spots!
3	I've been wanting to try Smelly Cat for a while now and unfortunately it didn't live up to my expectations.  I'm hoping I just caught this place on a bad night.  It was very slow (only 2 other customers in the place) and there was only one person working.  I ordered my standby, a skinny mocha, and was disappointed.  It barely had any coffee flavor and just didn't taste right for a mocha.  I also tried out one of the delicious-looking chocolate cupcakes which turned out to be just ok.  I'm starting to wonder if cupcakes just aren't my thing.The part of the visit that makes me want to come back is the cozy and quirky atmosphere.  The decor is really cool with old rustic doors that section off seating areas and plenty of local artwork on the walls.  Although most of the tables I saw during my visit were dirty I have a feeling it isn't always this way.  I want to come back with my laptop or kindle, grab a cup of coffee and stay for a while to see if this place grows on me.
4	Great little place in Noda. Super cozy and warm. I'm particularly a fan of this place in the fall and winter.
3	On any other visit i would have givin the ol cat a five but my trip today was not up to the standards of my past visits to this establishment. A new girl was helping us and when i ordered a sf hazelnut nc latte she made a latte with soy milk(all right fine i dig soymilk) but there was not enough espresso in it. I kinda think she only put a single shot in... dunno. I ordered a 16 oz coffee to go.I love the decor and the wide selection of teas, maybe i'll stick with tea next time
4	I was passing through Charlotte again and decided to pay another visit to the Cat.  My first review (which I would urge you to read for the humor alone) documented Lattegate.  They have pretty baristas here - today the beauty of the barista split me down the middle like a battleaxe.  Yes, I just compared being struck by beauty to being split with a battleaxe.  I wonder if that is "awesome" or not.  Some choose Cupid - I apparently choose Viking imagery.Anyway, this time I ordered your regular ol' coffee and realized that the beans are from Dilworth.  Dilworth is a place that I absolutely savaged in a Yelp review because I felt that it wasn't what it was advertised to be, but you'll note that I never had a problem with the beans, which is an arena where Dilworth truly does a good job.  I'm glad that Smelly Cat is sourcing beans from a local, high quality roaster.  The cup was great; I then realized that there was a wine rack on the wall.  Malbec, what what?  Yes please.  I must have missed this aspect of Smelly Cat before.  They had a malbec from Argentina that was very tasty.  This is one of the grape varietals used in production of Bordeaux within France and is popularly grown in Argentina - I am digging malbec these days.I followed up my coffee and wine by bashfully approaching the barista to ask about the wifi.  It's a password-protected wifi system.In the end, Smelly Cat is my home base in Charlotte as far as coffee is concerned.  As long as life keeps dragging me through Charlotte I'll be stopping by.
5	I love how customer service oriented this place is. I went in last thursday and they were having a wine tasting later in the evening. I ended up recieving a complimentory truffle to account holders. It was a sweet gesture and the truffle was really pleasent. Their flavor of the day roast that they have been doing ::Pumpkin Spice:: is absolutely a hit with me. The flavors dont taste at all artificial and it is so season appropiate. I love their Kona and Guatamalan blends they occasionally have. Great Coffee shop, wonderful place to chat the day away.
3	I wish I liked this place better than I do. Coffee is just ok and it always takes forever to get my coffee, no matter how busy or not busy it us. There always seems to be a conversation going on with the barista and a local that distracts from my service. That said; the place is cute with only a few tables and a small outdoor area. But I guess if you live in NoDa and you need your coffee fix and Amelie's is not an option...here you go.
3	Pretty good neighborhood coffee spot. The girls that work here are always super friendly, coffee is good, not the best I have ever had, but I prefer it over Starbucks. I love the Kona brew, always get excited when I come in and see it on the board.My biggest complaint is I wish they served b'fast sandwiches. They always have some pastry's made at local spots, and bagels. But I want a bacon, egg, & cheese with my coffee. Also careful what time you go if you decide to visit on a Sunday morning, it gets crazy in there with all the people who attend the church at the theatre. It becomes a mass of people who know each other just standing  in the middle of an already cramped coffee shop, just talking.
4	Cute as a button tucked into the pocket of the heart of NoDa, and full of the quirky but laissez-fare vibe that makes the neighborhood so special.  I mean, where else can you come in for espresso and sit next to a neighbor's dog curled against a booth and lazily awaiting its owner's return?  Where else can you have chocolate truffles and coffee (a combination that needs to proliferate, in my humble view)?Look, this little nook of a shop makes a good brew and has plenty of tempting eats to nosh on.  If you want to step away from the big chains and get to know your local shops and the neighbors, the Cat fits that bill.  Baristas know the regulars and if you will just talk to them, they will make your drink to fit your preferences too.  If it's not, tell them and they'll remake it.  The wife and I like coming here if for no other reason than each trip is an experience- interesting people, interesting sights, and it feels like we find something new to try every time.  I recommend it to anyone who visits and encourage locals to go and support a local business doing it all right.Like their Facebook page for notices of upcoming events and special products (not to mention a list of that days fresh brews).
3	The Smelly Cat doesn't sound appealing (the name alone or the Friends reference), but the atmosphere will have you changing your mind. This cute little hut offers free wi-fi, coffee drinks, cupcakes, and wine. Its hard to have an intimate conversation because of how close together everything is (the walls have ears) but if you need somewhere to just kick back, here's a decent place to do it.I see so many reviews on the customer service but I had a very apathetic waitstaffer. He was quiet and just sorta looked at me weird when I asked a specific question about the teas.The artwork is usually nice to look at- the last time I was in there, there was a slew of artistic-interpretations of Salvador Dali's The Elephants. If you are bored and wandering around NoDa and need a caffeine fix, this is the obvious choice.
4	Smelly Cat is such a cool, cute coffee shop. The "smack your mama" cake is delish and the tea selection, while a little high priced, is wide. I came here with my mom and a friend and even though there were 3 of us, we had to sit in the little booths made of recycled wooden doors, hung with local art. Magic!
4	Oh Smelly Cat, can I come live in your space? I can bake the gluten free treats you offer along with your other pastries, stock your cooler with Odwalla and blynk organic products that you provide, clean for you plus treat you really well. I would make sledge hammers within a minute, give spectacular service and make sure your paintings done by local artists would sell. I would make sure all the little pods you have are spotless and that the Wi Fi was working so free wireless for everyone! I can give you the love you really need Smelly Cat, the love you deserve. You have been so good to me in the past with the aromas of various brewed coffees, reasonable prices and kitschy design, I feel like it's the least I could do for you. Let's turn this dream into a reality. Love, Tiffany
4	I love a cozy, funky coffee shop, and this is one. The kind of place you just want to hang out in all afternoon. Even though I don't live in Charlotte, it felt like a friend was going to just come walking up to chat.The pumpkin cake was yummy with all the cream cheese, perfect with afternoon coffee.
5	After being contacted by the owner through Yelp, I had to up my rating. This is my local coffee shop, and I thought I loved it before, my biggest complaint being they do not serve breakfast sandwiches. Well not too long after writing my review the owner contacted me via message letting me know they have added B'fast wraps to the menu!! Stopped in to grab a bacon, egg & cheese and a Kona brew, and left a very happy camper. This is the difference between local business and corporations, GOOD local business listen to the needs/wants of their consumer and adapt. Kudos Smelly Cat, and thank you Cathy!
4	This is a great independent coffee shop.  Charlotte needs more places like this, and NODA is lucky to have it.I can't really say much about the more fancy coffee drinks because I stick to regular coffee, but the basic coffee is good at the Smelly Cat, and the people behind the counter serve it with a smile.I've never been there at night, but they do sell beer and wine, so I guess the place must turn into some sort of bar/cafe.  A cabinet full of board games and free wifi will keep you and your pals entertained no matter when you happen to visit.
4	Tasty French Roast coffee? Super cool and friendly staff (this time)? AND not many hipsters clogging up the inside? Man oh man this is WAY more my speed.I sat in a corner sipping my coffee (and guiltily chowing down on a cranberry muffin) and retaking in the place. Sure, the walls still had ears (and some overpriced artwork), but I actually could sit and think and write. Then about 30 minutes later, one of my friends dropped in and some of the stories she was telling I could tell the MacBook guy was listening quite intently.While sitting in there, I heard The Decemberists, Temper Trap, and a bunch of other Leanne-approved alternative bands. Definitely an improvement of last time too.Thank you Smelly Cat for a pleasant experience, I'll be back!(oh yeah, and Props for the Yelp sign at the counter AND the one on the door!)
3	More of a meeting place for NoDa than a coffee shop (at least to me). The coffee is standard - but you can tell there is a lot of love for what coffee shops represent. And lets face it, you don't really just want a cup of coffee when you're hanging out at Smelly Cat...you want to feel cool that you're drinking coffee in public with your friends and neighbors.
3	I am not a coffee person, so if you're looking for a review about that, move on. I'm just here to say as a water drinker, this space is ok. The parking lot is small, so street parking is almost mandatory. The space inside is a bit cramped, but eclectic and fun. The menu does have some non coffee stuff, but the pricing? Ouch! I love the idea of you, but I'm never going to be a Smell Cat person..... ps: dogs are better! :D
5	I wish Columbia had a place like this! I've been to Smelly Cat (what a name!) twice and both times have loved it. I think last night it really took my breath away. The reason I'm giving this place five is more for atmosphere than quality of food/drink. To be honest, I've only had a coffee, a tea, and a red velvet cupcake at the coffeehouse so I can't say I've sampled that much. From what I've ordered though, I've been very happy with what I got. As for the service, both times I've been to Smelly Cat, the baristas have been very sweet and professional. But to talk about the atmosphere, well, WOW. Especially last night (Friday). I don't know if it's like this all the time, but the place was oozing community and felt so good to be a part of it. When we got there it was around 9pm and we wanted to get coffee and dessert and play a game of scrabble. There were a couple of tables outside and a few wicker benches to choose from. One table was occupied with a group of friends and their very loving and playful dog. Another table had a musician playing the xylophone. At one of the wicker benches, there was a small group playing the guitar. We snagged an empty four top and proceeded w/our scrabble game. Several pedestrians with dogs and children walked by. As the night progressed, a drum circle formed around the xylophone player and they created magical music. Many people who walked by stopped to dance and interact with the musicians. Inside the cafe as more people came in, there were others like us who cracked open board games and drank their coffee and chatted away.  I hate to sound new age, but the energy was astounding, and it was really cool to get to share some of it.Also NoDa is a beautiful area, so the combination of the neighborhood feel, warm almost summer breeze, the music, and the smell of good coffee, was just priceless.
5	Coffee not at a chain is hard to find in charlotte. I love buying local and on my days off. I am more than willing to drive the extra ten minutes to get it. The coffee is the best I've found in town and the service is equally great.
4	ha just like nicole...i sang smelly cat smelly cat the entire ride to the coffee house.  great selection of drinks, pastries, and super cute atmosphere.  great for hanging out with friends, grabbing a quick drink, or even a business meeting if you want to get away from the chain of starbucks (which i'm not really a fan of)highly recommend and will definitely return!
4	This is the coolest little coffee shop I've found, they always have cool art and they have a great menu and coffees, love it here.
4	This local coffee shop is the typical indie joint to grab a brew (coffee or beer). Every town has to have one, and Smelly Cat fits right into the Charlotte artsy district.There is a lot of unique decor, it is located in a cool hipster district, and well... it is just totally what you expect! There are fresh baked goods offered, and alcohol, and lots of coffee choices. Also, there is ample comfortable seating and free wi-fi.My decaf was pretty good, though slightly less hot than I would like. Regardless, the atmosphere is half of what makes a coffee shop great.SC is friendly, and it is a solid place to sit down and enjoy your morning or afternoon with something to drink or eat. This joint really has the typical cool coffee shop thing down. Check it out if you want a hip, trendy place to bring your friends.
4	One of the better coffee shops in Charlotte! Lot's of personality and pretty good coffee...
5	though i buy starbucks alot, i love these non-chain cute coffee-shops! decent selection of beverages.  i've only tried the iced mocha and it was good.  Wish I was in town a little longer so i could sit in the cafe and get some work done!
4	Naturally when I even think of Smelly Cat, I want to sing the Phoebe Buffay song from 'Friends'..."smelly cat, oh smelly cat, what are they feeding you?" HA, just like you Nicole (I just read your review)! :DSmelly Cat is always busy...which is a good thing! I've walked here many a time (from further down N Davidson St). Love that they have indoor & outdoor seating; however, on a nice day, you'll see everyone wants to be out on the patio. No Da is the perfect place for this coffeehouse.I go with the Hazelnut coffee each time & it's yummy!
4	Great iced chai latte.  Love the atmosphere of this place... very cozy and personal.  The artwork on the walls and also all the fllyers of the "what's happening" in the NoDa scene are great conversation starters as well as just keeping up with the local art scene.In my last visit I noticed chess boards and checkers on the shelf which you can play with... not plastic/cheapo sets, but sets with character... wood with metal pieces.  I bet there are more games, but I only saw these in passing.Staff was super friendly and my latte was unique tasting (in a good way).
5	Love the cat! The coffee is tasty, good variety of pastries, and the baristas are friendly.In the summer I recommend the iced coffee. You can have plain or flavored iced coffee and the ice is slushy (like Sonic or Chickfila) so it's a nice surprise if you're used to the cubes at Starbucks or Dunkin.Definitely sign up for a VIP account if you'll be stopping here often or you're social media savvy. Smelly Cat rewards it's VIPs with special treats (check Facebook or Twitter for postings) and with each purchase you earn other rewards like free coffees. I really love a place that loves it's customers like Smelly Cat does.
3	First off, I'm fully in support of independent coffee shops. I won't lie: I love Starbucks for its consistency and quality drinks. But sometimes you just need to leave the corporate behind and support local businesses. I wanted to love Smelly Cat--I really did. (Come on, what's not to love about the name?) And from all the good reviews, I had high expectations. I don't at all consider myself a snob, but it just wasn't my scene. Rustic is nice, but Smelly Cat could have stepped up the decor just a tad. The coffee house reminded me of a dive bar. That's not a terrible thing though, right? So, my impression was that I'd at least get a reasonably priced drink. However, I was taken back to find out that a small flavored iced latte would cost me $5.  Whoa...I didn't realize that ice cubes were that hot of a commodity in Charlotte. So I immediately backtracked my order and went with a frappe instead. It tasted alright, though it was on the rich side.I will give Smelly Cat a thumbs up though for its indoor and outdoor seating. There's definitely plenty of space to chill out and enjoy your food and beverages. Oh, and did I mention they sell beer? I didn't try it, but kudos for that.
5	We went here after KIDaween at The Neighborhood Theater this past weekend and I've been here once before several months ago. It's a pretty cool place with a lot of personality. The coffee is good, I just had a regular, dark roast coffee and Becky had tea. KIDaween gave each one of The Little Kids a coupon for free ice cream which we redeemed.The staff was awesome, friendly and professional. The girls at the counter were very nice to the kids and asked about KIDaween.The set up is quaint and artsy as it should be in NoDa and there's a nice balance of NoDa natives and families filling the tables.Love the community board (but I have a weird thing for those) and the little outside area.Definitely will stop by again.
5	As much as I enjoy the always popular Starbucks and the lesser known Caribou Coffee, Smelly Cat is a wonderful change of pace.  The decor is awesome, the service is fantastic and, most importantly, the coffee is outstanding!!
2	I rarely drink coffee, usually when I'm making a long distance drive.But I've had tea several times at the Smelly Cat. Not bad. Nice too that they gave me more hot water when I was done and I was able to use my tea bag for another cup.The dessert was good as well as the sliced sandwich wraps.The cons:I once visited on a day that someone's child was allowed free reign. Like, I saw him playing in the seating area then running behind the counter TOUCHING things, no hand washing apparent. Um, no.On my last visit -- which was my LAST visit -- there was a dog in the shop. Animals are lovely just not in a place where I'm paying to eat.As a former pet owner, I know that even when animals are banned from the kitchen, animal FUR can never be banned from anywhere animals are allowed.The hair floats on the smallest of breezes and deposits itself where ever it happens to land...
3	Smelly Cat is a decent coffee shop. The main thing it has going for it is the ambiance, it is a very nice spot. The coffee is good, nothing to rave about. I would give Smelly Cat a better review if they had a better food selection, though their muffins are my favorite it isnt enough.
3	What are you feeding us?  Smelly Cat!  Smelly Cat!   It's not your fault.
4	A very friendly staff and the most delicious hot chocolate I have ever had.
4	When I first moved to Charlotte I did not know about NoDa, so when 55 scoped this place out he told me I would like it.  He was correct!  This is a cool place with cool customers and Cools as customers which is important in this particular situation!I like the Espresso and I like the Hot Chocolate even more!  The Staff is always very friendly and have always been successful in making something good for me!The inside of this place is as cool as the patrons who like hanging out here.
4	Coffee selection is amazing!  I just wish they had as good of a selection of parking spots. We had to resort to street parking.  Once inside, the environment is quirky and eclectic.  The space was cozy, although at times felt a tad too small.  My friends and I went to Smelly Cat to work on a project.  As soon as we arrived, we realized that this wasn't the kind of coffee house you could be productive at.  Due to the size restrictions, which hence, make the table sizes smaller, we had to enjoy our delicious coffee and relocate.  Service was friendly and the atmosphere was super chill.  I'd go back for some schmooze time!
5	I'm from Chicago in Charlotte area for an internship. I google 'best hot chocolate in Charlotte' and Smelly Cat pops up. I gotta say they were right. It is the best hot chocolate I've ever had and I came back to try the Chai cause they told me it was good. And it was just as good as the hot chocolate. Before I go back home, I'll be stopping in for some hot chocolate and some chai to take home with me.
4	Neat decor, cool booth ish places and pretty solid coffee. I didn't watch friends so I don't really get the name but i like it anyways.
4	Ok, so the coffee is so-so but I keep returning to this place, especially if I'm in NoDa. I have never had any problems finding parking or seating. I can't resist bringing out-of-town friends, and it's my go-to spot to chill out with a good book.
5	Good coffee, good shakes, good pastries, good people, great atmosphere. I heart Smelly Cat!
4	Entered Smelly Cat for the second time in my life the other day (first visit was a group meeting back when I was getting my MBA, and I'm trying to block that craziness from my mind, so this review is only for my most recent visit). What a wonderful little coffee shop. If I lived in NoDa, I would definitely support this small business instead of hitting up the big chains. The atmosphere is quite cool and laid back, and the staff was beyond wonderful. They had a ton of pastries and what looked like a mouth watering carrot cake, but I was there for one reason, and one reason only...caffeine.Nicole W (being the fantastic community manager that she is) raved to me about the pour over coffee, so at Yelp's Passport to NoDa event earlier this week, I hightailed it over there to check it out. The wonderful Cathy (what a great name, huh?) walked us through the process of pour over coffee, which creates a very smooth cup o' joe. I thoroughly enjoyed the lesson and my caffeine - with some steamed almond milk and honey. Very, very good. If you have the time to wait, I highly recommend checking it out. And to support the business even further, I purchased a nice little pullover. There are t-shirts, sweatshirts, and other items for sale with the logo and location on them. I love me some quirky little gear. Head on in to Smelly Cat and sit inside if the weather isn't good, or grab one of the outdoor tables and soak up some vitamin D. Either way, you can feel good about supporting a small business in your area.
4	This is my go-to spot to work on projects and concentrate outside the house. Good coffee, friendly staff, free wi-fi, and comfortable seating. Parking can be hard to come by if there's an event in the neighborhood - most often on Fri/Sat nights or Sunday mornings. The chocolate chip frappe is my favorite drink.
4	Yummy coffee aromas greet you as you walk through the door along with a cheery hi. Service is knowledgeable and friendly.The free WiFi is always appreciated though the space is a bit tight. Coffee and tea selections were good and prepared well. If more places around here were open for lunch I'd be here more often than I'd like. As it is I treat myself to their fast efficient service whenever I happen to be around the area in the daytime instead.What's more could you ask for from a neighborhood coffee shop other than maybe an awesome name? Oh wait it's got that too!
4	Yummy double shot mocha! Friendly staff in hipster section of town.........glad I found this place. I heart this place and would hang out here more often if I lived in NC!
3	Am usually not a coffee person... but yest we had some time to while awa and tot vll check out this coffee shop...though the name doesn appeal at all, i must say for a change i enjoyed drinking coffee..ordered a cappuccino without any added flavor...it smelled good..and tasted nice!!also picked up their house made muffins...a craneberry orange muffin..it was delicious...actually pieces of fruit to bite on...i loved it. the ambience is also nice for some one to just sit and read or listen to some music while enjoying a good cup of coffee.
5	Great coffee. Lovely ambiance. Great place to catch up with friends or take a few moments out of your day to unwind. Also, the artwork changes out, so you get to scope out lots of artists.
5	The best coffee in town. Especially the dirty chia. If you are at loss of what to get, then get the dirty chai. The employees are so nice, and if you are a regular they usually remember you and your order.
5	Great coffee drinks, awesome friendly staff, chill comfortable atmosphere and good music. Delicious baked goods with gluten-free options. Wide selection of board games. Outdoor patio and wi-fi, you can't ask for much more in a coffee shop. Private lot parking adjacent.
5	One of the coolest coffee places I've been to.  Love the repurposed doors for booths.  Great WiFi.  People talking and and playing games. The place makes you feel at ease and want to chat it up with the locals.  PLUS they use Square on their iPad for card processing... nerds will understand that one.  Oh, and the soy latte I had was great.  Oh, Oh, and the service was great everyone seemed to be happy to be there and work together.  *sigh* love
4	Excellent white chocolate latte.  The WiFi was the best out of any coffee shop I've ever been to (granted there weren't a lot of people doing work on computers at the time).  I believe they roast their own coffee.  The smell that hit's you when you walk in is heavenly, and the staff was very kind, warm, and accommodating. There is one gripe - and this is completely subjective but I believe I am in the right on this - the musical selection was godawful.  I've worked at a coffee shop.  I know that shift changes bring in new baristas with different tastes, but good god, man, what's with the emo bull shit?  Seriously, you're an adult - not a heartbroken 14-year old girl at the mall.  Put on something chill: Brian Eno, Massive Attack, Miles Davis, Boards of Canada - something that's good and that the CUSTOMER can tune out while they work or relax.  Again, I hate to say that because you were a very nice guy, but JFC, ditch the shitty music.I'll end on a high note: the shop is designed well, is in a great area, and has very nice outdoor seating.If I am ever back in Charlotte, I will be sure to visit your establishment...unless you are playing whatever it is was playing.  Then, I will not stay.
1	The customer service in this place is pathetic.  This was my first and last time visiting this coffee shop.  There was no established line or order of anything.  The guy behind the counter was more concerned with his friends who were standing around than taking our drink order.  While the place did seem eclectic, which is always nice for a coffee shop, it also appeared dirty.  I will say that my hot chocolate was very good, but when I got to my car I noticed chocolate syrup all over my fingers....I guess the barista was talking so much that he missed the cup.
4	Slow but friendly service. Excellent chai latte. Relaxed and comfortable atmosphere.
4	Smelly Cat Coffee House is everything I love about local coffee place.  They have a relaxing vibe, a cozy, eclectic space, friendly staff, and some darn good coffee drinks.I have ventured to this place a couple of times now.  I had a coffee drink the first time and a chai the second time.  Their coffee good; smooth, not bitter at all.  The chai was great as well.  Where some coffee places make their drinks too hot, both times my drinks were at the perfect temperature for immediate consumption.  I also had one of their big cranberry orange muffins, which was moist and not tart at all.  The space is cozy, with a few tables around.  It has a rustic, artistic feel to it.  The staff has been friendly, always striking up conversation.  It feels very inviting here.I only wish I lived a little closer.
5	My favorite coffee shop in Charlotte. Artsy feel, friendly baristas, and a great place to relax, have a conversation, or study. So good. My personal favorites are: Mocha Frappe, Caramel Apple Cider, Toasted Coconut Frappe, and the various teas Smelly Cat offers.
3	Cozy space to hang out. I dropped in for some afternoon coffee before walking around the neighborhood to check out what NoDa has to offer.I gave their Ethiopian brew a try but I wasn't too impressed. I noticed they have a pour over set up after buying a small coffee. Would have ordered a pour over if I had known!
4	I can't get enough of their amazing iced chai Latte and dirty chai Latte! hopefully one of these days, I'll get to try something else off of their amazingly extensive menu. They're probably the only place (or may be one of very few coffee shops in town) that serves cortados! and if you're not in the mood for caffeine, you can have beer, wine or ice cream instead. I wish they had better food options; it would be nice to have a fresh croissant with the coffee :) the staff is wonderful and friendly. I've found that the ambiance in there is a reflection of the staff's mood.. late on a Saturday morning, it can get loud with chatter and music, and then there are times when it's quiet enough to get some reading done. They're a bit pricey to be my every morning coffee stop, but not at all a bad option for my weekend coffee fix.. you can pay by cash, card or Square (pretty hip huh ;) )
4	This place is really fun and energetic. For me, NoDa and Smelly Cat was an oasis in a desert, as Charlotte is probably one of my least favorite places in the country other than Pawtucket, R.I. I was passing through here, having some travel woes, I wasn't presented well and probably smelled a little bit (considering the title, I think it was appropriate). Despite this, they pulled a great shot with a huge smile and the bagels were yummy. I was impressed with their wine selection, though to my dismay, I did not try any. Great atmosphere, great staff, great coffee, great price. Support these people and all the businesses in NoDa to preserve any goodness that exists in Charlotte. One of the employees gave me a goodbye gift on my way out, so ... thanks!
5	This place is still amazing. I am writing this as an update. I have been coming here for almost 3 years and it still never gets old. I just wanted to mention the new roaster. They roast their own COFFEE!!!!!!!!! This is such an amazing thing for a small coffee shop to have. It is such a creative niche. The quality of their coffee is the best in Charlotte. HAND DOWN!!!!. My favorite still is the dirty chai. I would like to mention something weird about this place which makes it very special. I applied to work here right before the DNC, and I got past the first interview. They told me that I would have to sign a contract that I would be able to work for at least a year in order to get the job. Due to being a college student, I couldn't get tied down for a year, but I love that they want their employees to stay for at least a year so that they gain a bond with the customers. I would love to work for a company/business like this in the future. There is also talk about getting their own bakery area. They are going to make all their baked goods in house. This place is going to be around for a long time.
5	When you want to stick it to the man (Starbucks) this is definitely a great option. The staff is friendly and almost all of them live locally so they're enjoyable to chat with and simply be around.They recently have begun roasting their own coffee beans which adds a freshness and death to the coffee like I have never experienced before. Don't forget that they also offer wine and beer as well as a discount for beer when you check in with yelp.However, the selling point for me is definitely that they except Square... So load them up in your Square Wallet and put it on your tab so you can feel like you're already a regular your first time visiting.
2	Lacking. This was not the worst cup I've ever had, but the place left a lot to be desired.  I opted for their Ethiopian off a V60 , and when I prodded the girl at the counter for a little more info about it, i.e. where was it grown, she looked at me crooked and said "Ethiopia". Inspiring.  Another woman behind the counter who sort of looked like she could have been the owner said that was a valid question, but didn't know the answer and didn't bother to find out. The technique on the pour itself was poor. Splashing water over grounds does not make good coffee... Especially when half the water is poured straight down the filter. These folks need proper training. The cup itself was marginal. Under extracted likely due to bad technique, and the characteristics of the cup were such that, to me, suggested the roast had gone too long in the drum, slightly carmalized and somewhat scorched.  Lacking the bright acidity that draws me to beans from this origin.  Considering the near non existent coffee culture I guess there's not a ton of motivation for a shop to shine when they can squeak by on a convenient location, but really, if you're going to do something, do it well.
5	I love to support local coffee shops and Smelly Cat makes that really easy.  First, their coffee is great. They have a good selection daily of different brews.  I also like that they offer a daily flavored brew as well.  If your ever in the mood for something a little more mellow, but not a heavy as a flavored latte or mocha, a cup of Hazelnut coffee is the way to go.  I also like their strong sense of local-ism.  It is apparent that they want to support and encourage neighboring businesses.Another major props to Smelly Cat for roasting their own beans.  This is really impressive and makes 36th Street smell AMAZING.  Finally, I really like the atmosphere of Smelly Cat.  They have great outdoor seating (with fresh water for my pup) and a really cozy layout inside.  Smelly Cat welcomes and encourages resting and relaxing over a great cup of coffee, a good book and free wifi!
5	Hands down the best coffee shop in Charlotte, and one of my favorites anywhere. Staff is incredibly nice and welcoming, atmosphere is fabulous, and it's in a really cool part of town. There's a nice variety of brews offered each day, and I've never had a bad cup. They roast their own coffee which is always a plus, not to mention a decent selection of pastries, beer, and wine. I'm not in Charlotte very often anymore, but whenever I'm there I try to stop by.
5	I travel a lot for work, and everywhere I go, one of the things I search for is a local coffee roaster.And there it is, sitting right in the front of a warm, cozy, welcoming shop. I had a pour over, which was measured, timed, etc all to the standard I expect of an excellent coffee shop.  What REALLY makes this place stand out, though, is their cold brew.  It was phenomenal, without a doubt, in the top three iced coffees I've ever had anywhere in this country.  Even black, it had a smooth, velvety creaminess, while still being refreshing and thirst quenching.   I have no idea how they do it.  I've had 24 hour brew. I've had Guatemala (where their current beans were from, I guess).  I've had cold brew that uses that same drip grind size. Nothing NOTHING has been as outstanding as what Smelly Cat puts out.  I'm simply blown away, still, a week later.Otherwise, cafe space was clean, spacious, cute with mismatching chairs and tables, and a stack of board games. Folks were sitting both inside and out, and (gasp) conversing with each other instead of having their heads stuck in laptops. The staff were beyond friendly, kind, and helpful in suggesting places to check out in the neighborhood.  If I'm ever back in Charlotte, I'll be at this place in a heartbeat to try their cortados, shots, and whatever else they can do.
5	Absolutely perfect. Free wifi great coffee and great atmosphere.
5	My neighborhood favorite! Smelly Cat is the bomb! Every time I walk into this NoDa gem a smile instantly crosses my face. From the delicious Almond Milk Chai Latte (yes they have almond milk) to the awesome service of Miss Frankie & Miss Leah, there is never a time where Smelly Cat does make my day.Thanks for the yummy caffeine and sorry for all the times that Torrie (of #thesavageway) and I rearrange your tables for work! :)
5	I went here with my aunt who I am visiting. She had been raving about it for a while. I was pleasantly surprised by the cute decoration on the outside and all the outdoor seating. It was around dusk when we went so all the outdoor lights were on as well which added to the ambiance. The inside did not disappoint either. It had the neatest seating made from reused doors as well as regular tables. It was very cozy and private. The menu was diverse and they had a few little food items wrapped up for sale. I had a regular coffee and my aunt had a orange creamsicle milkshake. Both were very good. The service was efficient and fast. It was quiet and a great place to enjoy a book. I enjoyed this local little coffee shop and will for sure come back. A great little place to check out in NoDa!
4	Met some friends here for coffee on a Wednesday morning and loved it. Went back again today for another cold brewed, iced coffee. Great decor (very funky) and I love to sails they use to give shade on the front patio. I would have locked a little something to eat but the baked goods weren't that appealing. I did buy a couple bags of coffee for home though. If you're in NoDa and appreciate excellent coffee, stop by the Smelly Cat!
5	Such a perfect staple in the NoDa neighborhood. The baristas treat you like family and the coffee is of course one of a kind. I do a lot of meetings here. If someone has not ever been to Smelly Cat it's a great conversation starter for sure! Such an eclectic atmosphere with the people to match.
5	This is one of my favorite spots in all of Charlotte. The coffee is great (especially since they started roasting themselves), and the staff is fun. They're also great with recommendations. Every now and then I just want to try something totally new, and everything they've recommended has been delicious.The cuban coffee is a must, but they make the best soy dirty chai over ice that I have EVER had.
4	Nice little spot in NODA, could smell the fresh coffee from outside. Sat outside with the wife and drank a coconut frappe. Seating was nice and comfortable, inside was cozy. Everyone should visit Smelly Cat Coffee House!
5	Top notch coffee and fantastic baristas! They roast all their own coffee in-house and do a great job. I thought decaf and cold brew coffee were both sacrilege, until I tried the Peruvian (get it as a pour over, Leah knows her shit!), Snickerdoodle, and Hazelnut. Also, just try a pour over with any of the roasts, it'll open your eyes to a whole new level of coffee goodness!
4	I love coffee...but more than that I love a unique atmosphere and supporting local businesses.  They make the best Chai...whether u get it iced or hot, in Charlotte. I have found myself waking up on a weekend and craving Smelly Cat...it truly makes the start of a nice weekend.  They have some bakery items for sale..but not a big selection;  I have tried the banana nut muffin and it's quite yummy. The staff is fun and I love that they use the Ipad when u check out...so tech savvy!I hope I can stop in sometime this week!
5	Only $3 for a 12 oz Chai Tea Latte? Yes please. Absolutely fantastic. It's not hard to beat Starbucks' version, but they knocked it out of the park.Comfortable, unique atmosphere; friendly, smiling faces; beautiful outdoor patio space.
5	We love the Smelly Cat! The antique rustic atmosphere is very hip and the employees are extremely helpful. We tried there version of a frap and loved it. Once weekly we drive forty five minutes to the cat house and find it very relaxing.
5	No odorific felines here. Just solid coffee and a quaint, comfy coffee shop. Loved looking at the art that lined the beautiful, exposed brick walls.They roast there own beans on a beautiful, red drum roaster right next to the counter. So you can get super freshly roasted beans to take home. Their prices are really good and their offerings diverse. I'm really looking forward to trying more of their menu... I might need a Cuban coffee soon!Support local business. Check this place out.
3	I'm not a coffee drinker but I ended up here on a food tour. It's such a cute place. The decor is nice and there's actually plenty of small tables for lingering despite the small space. The staff is incredibly knowledgeable about the products and the beans are all roasted in house. While others in my food tour tried the Colombian coffee, I tried mango iced tea. They also had really delicious no bake treats! Stop in!
4	Since they started roasting their own coffee, I take back my so-so review from before and give Smelly Cat a no-charity rating of 4 stars.
4	I went to this coffee shop simply bc its name caught my eyes. It's located in the Noda area (which parking can be such a chaos), but it has its own private parking lot  that's a huge plus. Also free wifi too!!!!The shop has a very cozy fell to it, and has about 10 small tables inside and outside. It also has its own roasting machine, I guess that's a big plus for HUGE coffee fan. Personally I like my coffee sweet and strong like cuban coffee. However, I made the mistake of ordering a Hazelnut cold brew. I mean don't get me wrong I still like it, but I prefer some sugar to it.I came here to do a little research, since we haven't install internet at our place yet. After sitting there 3 hours, I decided to order a Chai iced latte and lemon poppy muffin. The latte is pretty good, but didn't stand out to me as a MUST have in my drink list.I will definitely go back for the extremely friendly staff, and to try the cuban coffee in a colder weather.
5	A lovely place. Great coffee, especially the cold brew! The staff is always delightful and friendly. Love the outdoor seating.  The inside is cozy and they play good music. This is definitely my favorite little spot to relax in Charlotte.
5	Smelly Cat is my new jam. Many reasons behind this, but number one amongst them is THEY ROAST THEIR OWN COFFEE. I haven't non-single brew coffee this good since SoCal. And believe me, freshly roasted coffee is seriously good. Earthier, smoother, more flavorful.But the coffee is not the only reason you should visit Smelly Cat. They carry first-rate snacks from premium local bakers, including some incredible gluten free options. I sprang for the gluten free peanut butter brownie and OMFG was it good.There's also an awesome patio area in the front where you can hipster-watch in NoDa. Those hilarious hipsters, always up to some sort of hullabaloo or haberdashery.You should go to Smelly Cat for all of these reasons. I look forward to exploring their shop again.
4	First of all there is no smelly cat at this place which is not bad after all.I asked one of their staff. She said she does not know why the coffee place is named as Smelly Cat.Never mind! Place is great, well located. Even with my limited knowledge about NODA, I can tell that it is located in the center of the Noda district, if there is any center. Well, there has to be a centre, right? ;-)Coffee is good, service is nice, staff is friendly. I go here whenever I am in and around NODA district. It's a great place to sit and relax while having a coffee. Sometimes on Sundays it's quite which makes relaxation, reading and browsing internet much more peaceful.
5	Loooove the coffee and the funky vibe at Smelly Cat!
5	Smelly Cat features free wifi and friendly service. One of my favorite spots for an afternoon coffee and a laid back atmosphere!
1	Trendy, but coffee leaves something to be desired. Location is good though and the decor is novel. Okay place, but way overhyped, I don't get it.
4	Great cozy work spot, but very little in the way of food.  Just pastries and bagels.
5	Phenomenal coffee and amazing people.  Coffee roasted in house and real, friendly people.
4	We stopped in here while in Noda and I loved the atmosphere of this place. It's dark and atmospheric, some place you could go to get work done. They have their roaster right out in the open which is awesome looking and the seating areas are separated by old doors. I had the hot chocolate and it was really great, super creamy and a good amount of chocolate.
5	I am SO shocked to know I haven't reviewed this place yet. I probably go here most out of any other coffee shop! And always for their chai. Their chai is so good, it beats Amelie's chai's butt. As does their hot chocolate, yum! They used to carry really yummy Italian sodas and ice creams but stopped it. The highlight of this place is their outdoor seating on a beautiful day, but even the inside is cute and cozy. My favorite thing to do on a weekend morning is to get a cup of chai at Smelly and walk down N. Davidson looking at the quaint little shops. However nothing beats hanging out here on Friday and Saturday nights until 12am during warmer months.
4	If you like the ambience of a coffee shop than you will like this place.  The only minus is it very small so you won't be able to sit.  They roast their own coffee which in general is a plus for a shop. I had a white chocolate mocha and my girlfriend had a dirty chai latte both had great flavor. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves coffee it is worth your time! They also have stand up comedy which is cool but again it very had have 15 people in the place since it is so small.
4	Man, I miss living in NoDa. Count this place as one of the 59384759 reasons why.I use to live a few blocks away on Yadkin, so Smelly Cat became one of my second homes. You may have seen me riding around there as a passenger in Gman's golf cart. We are former roomies. Hi Greg.Coffee, hot chocolate, tea... hot, cold. Whatevs. It's all fantastic. I was excited to have a meeting with Nathan B. over there today and reunite with my coffee shop. We were successfully productive despite a whole lot of eye candy visiting Smelly Cat this morning. Meow. See what I did there.In a hurry? Grab a cup to go. Looking for a place to post up and get some work done? Make yourself at home and fire up the laptop. Make sure to snag a baked good, too. The workers at Smelly Cat are super friendly. They pretty much know everyone (if not actually everyone) in the 'hood. Plenty of parking in the SC lot and also on the street. Easily accessible. If you're in or nearby NoDa, be sure to stop by and get your caffeine fix here.
3	Quite an adorable coffee establishment and the only one in the neighborhood (it seemed) on a Saturday at 11am. Service is friendly and the line moves pretty quickly. The chai latte I ordered was decent. A little heavy on the milk and not so much chai flavor, but still an ok choice. I would probably order a latte the next time around though. My friend went with the peach smoothie, which she said was "okay" too. I bought a mixed berry scone to go with the latte, which actually turned out to be rather disappointing. The texture of the scone was mushy rather than crumbly and the mixed berry flavor was faint. They didn't have a good selection of pastries (which was slightly disappointing). My almost $7 breakfast was an "A-ok" in my book, so 3 stars it is!
5	Best coffee I've ever tasted! Being able to watch them roast the beans right in front of me was pretty cool as well.
5	Great spot.My fav kind of coffee pub.went there this morning after show last night across the street at Neighborhood Theatre(another great venue!)Friendly staff.Great espresso.Fair pastry,but I didn't go there for the pastry!Next time I'm in Charlotte, I'll hit up the Cat!
4	Smelly Cat C/H is in NoDa...and as the NoDa quest it is neighborly, and with an artsy flair. It is VERY tiny, and dark indoors, and there are a few tables & chairs outside. The 2 baristas, one male/one female, were both attentive, friendly & helpful in my choosing what to drink...it was my 1st visit there. The price of coffee was shockingly REASONALBE...YES! Smelly Cat was extremely CLEAN and tidy...something that is important to me. If I lived IN NoDa, I bet I'd become a 'regular' at The Cat. It's a good place to know about in that part of town to meet friends and clients, too. I only saw cookies/pastries to eat, but I was there in the evening and was more concerned with cleanliness than food choices (just being honest). I WILL return and use The Cat as a regular meeting place when in NoDa.Only possible 'con' is IF you use artificial sweetener, BRING YOUR OWN, as smelly cats do NOT use artificials...sorry but I have lived well on 'PINK" now 61 yrs and never treated even ONE patient in 38 yr of ER Medicine who was ill from using 'PINK'. I'll be stashing a few in my car starting now.
4	I've been coming here for years, I buy bags of beans, frappes, smoothies! Always delicious and always a pleasant experience! Nice cozy atmosphere with good tunes to listen to, bring your laptop or tab!! Toasted coconut frappe is my fave ;)had an instance or two where the beans were too dry, but still a very good brew
4	What a great, local coffee shop! Located in the NoDa district, it boasts subtle charm, friendly baristas, and worthwhile coffee. In a sea of Counter Culture coffee shops (which are not unappreciated, ftr), I applaud their independence earned by roasting their own beans in-house (on a 25lb Probat, no less). Their music selection is current and trendy, appealing to most 20-somethings. They offer both manual pourovers, ready-brewed air pot coffee, along with full espresso and tea service. The free (passworded) wifi is also a plus. If I had one qualm, it's that they serve flavored coffee offerings. Since they prepare all their offerings in-house, the lingering aroma is a little overwhelming. But coffee aficionados: don't let this dissuade you from stopping! They do a fantastic job with their roasts.
3	The barista was very nice. The space is really cute. The tea latte I ended up with was tasty. And the price for it was very modest.However, they were out of decaf espresso, so they couldn't make decaf coffee drinks. And despite the reviews talking about gluten-free treats, they didn't have any. So I was a bit disappointed.
5	This is my favorite coffee shop by far. I love walking a few blocks to this cool atmosphere. Always friendly staff and the coffee hasn't been bad yet. Very fresh and satisfying. Have tried almost everything on their menu and have been impressed with the quality. Great prices and with the best coffee drinkers to hang out around.
3	Smelly Cat is an okay coffee shop. Maybe everyone else hyped it up to much and my high expectations weren't met, but after going there a couple times nothing really impressed me. Not to say that I ever had a bad experience. The staff has always been nice. The drinks are good, though sometimes they take a while to be made.The inside of the shop feels a little cramped to me, but I am 6,2 so I could just be me. The interior is dim and comfortable, though they lack an of the nice big sofas some other Charlotte coffee shops have. The outside seating is sparse and the view isn't very impressive. There is some sore of "art?" garden outside that could be mistaken for trash.All and all, you can get a good cup of coffee for you and a friend. It's not really the place for groups. If you are in NODA and need a caffeine fix, Smelly Cat is the place.
4	I love Smelly Cat.  They are not only a coffee shop but a roaster as well.  If you can catch them on a roasting day, the smell is fabulous!  Kathy, the owner, is super friendly as is the rest of the staff and the coffee and pastries do not disappoint.  It's conveniently located in NoDa on the corner of N. Davidson and 36th.  If you're catching lunch at Boudreaux's or grabbing some beer at Salud, follow up with a locally roasted (usually organic) cup-a-joe at Smelly Cat.Oh, and despite the name, there are no smelly cats anywhere to be seen.  This isn't a cat cafe.  Yes, those exist.
2	I used to love Smelly Cat because their coffee was excellent and their baristas were really awesome and knew all sorts of things about coffee that I couldn't even begin to understand yet still found fascinating (possibly due to excessive caffeine levels making everything super exciting).  Their coffee is still good and their baristas are still wonderful, but lately, they have been enforcing more and more policies about their bathroom and parking situations that just make them seem less welcoming.  Having to go back out into the rain to put my signed time-stamped receipt on my dashboard so that I'm allowed to keep my car there for two hours is not okay.  I understand the bathroom code because according to one of their baristas, some not-okay activities were happening in there, and I even understand having to ask for the wi-fi, but it's borderline rude to make customers feel like they have to validate their presence in your establishment.  Sure, parking is tight but it's NoDa and parking is an issue everywhere-that's the nature of the beast.  Anyways, they have good coffee, but I'm a little disappointed in their new customer policies.  It's less annoying to just go to Amalie's and put up with the ridiculous weekend crowds.
5	Great place to chill on the patio. Good location makes it easy for a casual morning walk to enjoy coffee.
5	Love it here! We stumbled upon the place a few years ago while our friends were showing us around Noda and last month we were delighted to revisit. The coffee is gourmet deliciousness, the staff is knowledgeable and the decor is kitschy. Can't wait to go back.
4	I will never forget you delicious iced chai! So good. It's a fun and quirky coffee shop, that has delicious chai, what more can you ask for? Maybe a dirty chai, with a shot of espresso?? And pumpkin rolls in June? I'm in! Although I wasn't as into the roll as much as the chai, it's still a solid shop in my book.
5	Blackberry Frappe is my favorite but I tried their Cortadito Cubano today and it definitely gets my Hispanic stamp of approval!  I have no reservations about this shop. Great staff, helpful coffee tips for us noobs, great music, and a warm vibe that inspires creativity.
4	Although I have been to NoDa several times in the past, today was my first time going to Smelly Cat. I had a great first experience there and definitely recommend stopping by if you're ever in the area! It's cozy, quirky and even has outdoor seating. They have awesome service, and everyone there was so friendly. My friend and I met all the workers on a first name basis and even met Cathy, the owner who is such a sweet lady by the way. They made me feel like I was a regular customer!There were numerous drinks on the menu but not many pastry choices, which is why I did not give it five stars. By suggestion, I ordered an iced dirty chai in the biggest size they had. It usually comes with four shots of espresso, but I asked for one less shot. I thought it was delicious-- and this is coming from someone who is not so fond of the chai-taste!
5	Love Smelly Cat! The atmosphere is conducive to hanging out with friends or reading a book in peace. Not obnoxiously loud, not uncomfortably quiet. Whoever's in charge of the music whenever I'm there has great taste- I'm ususally (quietly) singing along. They have a great selection of snacks and teas. The whole vibe matches Noda's- fun, inviting, and just a tad bit weird.
4	I ordered a Dirty Chai here and my life has never been the same since. When I sip on my daily, straight forward and unimaginative iced coffee, distant memories of espresso, chai, almond milk and crushed ice still dance in my mind. The truth is, I came here for the name. And because it was literally across the street from Yelp's Summertime Soiree at the Neighborhood Theatre across the street.But boy am I glad they came up with a quirky name to hook and line me in there to experience that Dirty and take in the sights and scents of roasting coffee.
5	Great locally roasted coffee.   Convenient to UNC Charlotte.  Friendly, coffee savvy staff.
5	One of the best lattes I've ever had!  I love everything from the fact that I could get almond milk to the smell of the roasting beans they prepare on sight. The coffee Roast was obviously a perfected art here!
5	I stopped by this coffee house to get some work done. They were unable to make pour overs at the time of my visit, so I ordered a cafe au lait. The coffee was ok, the setting was cute, and they blasted 80's music the entire time I was there. I liked that this place has plenty of parking spaces, free wifi, and plenty of tables/chairs to get work done indoors or outdoors!
4	Visiting Charlotte and stopped here mainly because of the name. Very eclectic. Everyone was nice and friendly. The locals drew you into conversation. Right amount of quiet. We split a Apple cinnamon/cinnamon apple muffin that was moist and delicious. Coffee was great. They make their own with this up machine onsite. Would love to come back and just sit for a while.
5	This has to be my favorite coffee house in Charlotte.  The atmosphere is eclectic and inviting.  The place has a lot of older type couches and chairs which also make it unique.  As far as the coffee itself goes, it is always strong and fresh.  I have had espresso drinks and just regular brewed coffee and all of the drinks have been made perfectly.  I wish I lived a little closer, as I would visit more often.  If you want a coffee shop that is off the beaten path, give this place a try.
4	I love their drinks and their staff.  Unique artwork on the walls, sometimes available for purchase.  Seating is somewhat cramped.They also have a drum circle outside every Friday from 8:00PM to 2:00AM.
5	I'm a avid coffee drinker and the coffee quality and taste is very important. My lady told me about this place called Noda and Smell Cat popped up. With a list of great reviews I had too try it out. Starbucks can only thrill a coffee lover so much till we need a new unique taste. This place has a amazing ambience and atmosphere. You'll notice private tables and their coffee roaster right in the middle of the store. I've tried two of their blends, Black Cat being my favorite. I took a bag of LLorana home which was a little darker. Very good roasted coffee. I highly recommend. Only problem, too far from my house.
5	This little coffee house is my favorite. The only place in Charlotte that offers a Cuban coffee or a Miami Cuban coffee, which are almost the exact same. Every time I am this part of town you will find me here, and always love introducing people to the cute coffee house. I wish I could give it more stars. The employees are outstanding and extremely nice. Love this place.
5	I'm actually kind of heartbroken that I've lived in Charlotte for so long and never made it out here until today.  This place is awesome, it's the exact kind of coffee-haven that Charlotte needs more of, and it's situated in the cool streets of Noda.  The staff is helpful and engaging, the atmosphere is really conducive to quality conversations but also provides great space for someone who needs to plop down and grind out some work.  More importantly though - my drink was fantastic, and their in house bagels are phenomenal!  This place could definitely be my new go-to coffee place.
4	Great coffee, fun atmosphere, and the staff were super friendly. We stopped here on our way to an event around the corner, and it was great. Their specialty is the dirty chai (chai tea w/1, 2, or 3 shots of espresso). We really liked it.
5	Iced white coconut mocha. Yum! Hubby had blended spiced brown sugar caramel latte.  Delicious.  I'll come every time I'm in Charlotte!!
4	I can never have another Starbucks chai latte ever again after having one here. Trust me, I've tried.  Bummer since I just got on that train a few weeks ago. The Smelly Cat has a short but delicious selection of lattes, frappes, and smoothies. Their chai latte had so much flavor I couldn't handle. I tried to drink a Starbucks chai latte a few days later but it now tastes watered down and lackluster. The cafe itself is decorated with a collection of cat novelty items and other random trinkets. There is wifi and cute outside seating available as well.  I will definitely be stopping by again next time I'm in NoDa :)
5	The coffee is great as usual, but now they've added fresh cooked breakfast items! I've tried almost everything and my favorite is their fresh made everything bagels with bacon and egg. And the items are setup to be taken on-the-go.
5	Best coffee in Charlotte!  This little gem is in the heart of NoDa.  The coffee is amazing, the owners keep it upbeat and fun. There is a great selection of breakfast sandwiches that are fresh made in the back, and delicious fresh muffins. There is free wifi, you just have to request the password of the week. It's a great place to do some work during the week, meet friends, or just relax on a Sunday.
5	If I have to spend some time in NODA, drink coffee, watch people, and work on my stuff on the internet/laptop, then this is the place.NODA got some characteristics and this place completes the NODA neighborhood. The outside seating is not great if it's cold but in the warm weathers it's the best to sit outside, as long as the sun is not shining directly on you. Inside, the chairs and sofa chairs are comfortable. Few tables are setup in such a way that it feels like an intimate setup. Main thing - the coffee is great. The barristas are friendly and helpful with any tips regarding coffee.I am a big coffee drinker. If I am in NODA and have time for coffee then I know where to go.
5	This NoDa staple is everything you'd want a coffee house to be.  It is quaint, eclectic, cozy, and it has some of the best coffee you can get anywhere in Charlotte.  As you walk in you'll notice a cabinet with board games so you can grab a cup and hang out for as long as you please while taking a trip down memory lane with a nostalgic game of Battleship.  You'll also notice the tables and booths around the place that make for perfect spots to chill or converse with friends.  The coffee is as fresh as it gets.  You can't miss the roaster where all the magics happens right there near the counter.  You can get all kinds of fancy hot or iced drinks or keep it simple with a cup of the Tanzanian brew (my personal favorite). And the folks there are friendly and unpretentious.  They're helpful if you have questions or wish to venture outside the box to try something new.  Remember to tip!If you visit NoDa and want the true experience that sums up the soul of the neighborhood, you must stop in here!
5	I recently moved to Charlotte and I have been looking for a local coffee shop with a homey and relaxing feel. Smelly cat is exactly that! It has a cool outside seating area to hang out with friends, a nice inside area to hang as well. I'm really liking the decor too. I wish there was a little more seating inside though. Really friendly staff too!
2	When I walked into the Smelly Cat, I thought I had finally found a nice coffeehouse in Charlotte (visiting from Seattle for a week).  I liked the funky decor, the brick walls are covered with old doors and other interesting nick knacks, and they use more old doors to separate some of the tables into booths, with electrical outlets.  Outside it was sunny and there are nice little tables to sit at.The first sign of trouble though, was when I asked for a "cappuccino for here", and was told they only had to go cups, but "they did plan to get real cups sometime this year", if I wanted paper cups, I would have gone to Starbucks.The second sign was when I picked up the cappuccino and felt it's weight, there was clearly very little foam, and obviously was more of a latte, again I could have just gone to Starbucks and got one of their "wet" cappuccino's.The final straw though was when I tasted it, it had hints of that taste you get in coffee from a run down truck stop.  I am not sure if they don't clean their machine or what, but it actually made me crave the corporate coffee.I recommend that anyone visiting Charlotte to try Fabo in Selwyn Corner instead, it at least tastes a little better than the corporate stuff.
