4	These Charming Charlie stores are overwhelming with a capital O. The amount of rings, necklaces, purses, earrings, bling, glitz, sparkle, estrogen and pleather is off the charts. Thank the Gods of accesorizing that they organize everything by color because, holy crap. I wouldn't be able to handle it if everything were jumbled together like a flea market. My head would pop off in a spray of sequins and fake gold links. I walk up to the cashier with my one little $6 fake gold ring and feel pretty damn proud of myself when she says "that's it?" with a smile on her face. I'm all... "hell yeah that's it! I almost lost my mind in this place. I'm proud of my one, tiny, insignificant ring. Bish."The ladies working here are comically nice. They're all, "can I help you find anything?" and I'm all, "um... No. Unless you found my OCD cowering somewhere on a shelf with the purses and sandals... I'm good."
4	This reminds me of a Claire's ... but for grown ups! So many accessories,  I was overloaded with colors and designs. If you need that *one piece* to match your outfit,  you can definitely find it here.
5	This place is fantastic!  All their sections are color coordinated.  The prices are low and they have friendly employees there.  Is the quality good?  So far so good for me.  It works for when I want to dress up an outfit a bit or look really accessorized.  Their purses are really cute there, too, though I have yet to purchase one.  I also purchased a fascinator hat there for a tea party I went to and everyone loved my hat.  I'd definitely shop here when I need to dress up an outfit that I'm wearing. I just really love that they color coordinate the store.  It makes it so much easier to find what I'm looking for.
3	If you like bling stuff, this is the place. I came here looking for gifts for nieces and there were so many selections in every color. It was an easy location and well kept but a bit stuffy. Everything was color sorted and so many to chose from rings, necklaces, bracelets, earrings, scarfs, belts, purses, wallets and more.
4	Went here to return something hoping that I would get out fast. That definitely did not happen. I came in and saw a line already formed. The cashiers looked like high school students so I knew with their lack of thinking of people in line I knew I would have to wait long in line. And I did. No one said anything to the people in line for how they were sorry for having us wait or that the line would be moving soon. I waited about 8 minutes in line before I finally got up to the cash register. If they could control their lines and make them less painful to wait through this place would have an extra star.
4	This place is what Claire's WISHES it could be.  The sections are color coordinated, the prices are reasonable, and they have friendly, helpful staff.  The quality of the products are pretty good as I've had several rings that have oxidized. The purses are cute. The shoes and scarves are super reasonable. It's not tacky or overly ridiculous. It's easy to coordinate outfits with the pieces they have and Charming Charlie's just makes me HAPPY.  Take your time in this store. It's easy to get overwhelmed by all the pieces. And yes, they do have gift cards so you can bring more friends to become Charlie-addicts. I've visited several Charming Charlie locations and this one is by far my favorite. The other locations are fine...I think because this is my first, it's the most special. But all the stores are nice and exactly the same. :)
