4	Enjoyed the ambiance here when I passed through for a book launch shortly before the holidays. Ideal for a literary evening, or for a conversation with a well-suited friend at the bar, the space feels like it's tucked with decor brought home from long travels. Hints of Havana and East India in the 1950s when the light is just right. I only had a beer but glanced over the cocktail menu and would be curious to return.
4	Went here for my birthday. The drinks are amazing (as one of the bartenders put it "you won't find a blue drink here")-- really strong classic cocktails (each one we sampled was mind-blowingly complex and delicious). The staff are friendly and a delight. Great ambiance and gorgeous decor (music was a touch louder than I would have liked in the back room). All and all a really great place that I would both want to tell everyone about (because it's that awesome) and keep secret (because it's that awesome). The only reason I give it four of five stars is the lack of simple munchables (I kept thinking how awesome my drink would be with a charcuterie plate or similar).
1	Really disappointed.  Service was slow and disorganized.   We had reserved for a large gang of 30 and they crammed us in a small area while an adjacent larger space was reserved but mostly unoccupied.  The hair that broke the camel's back was when a staff member asked our group to cram into our space to clear a path for staff and followed this with a request to "keep our voices down, this is a quiet area of the bar."   The only thing I liked was the Jamaican Mule cocktail but not enough to worthy a second visit.
4	A really classy cocktail lounge.  It has the ambiance of the 1950's mixed with modernity and damn tasty drinks.    I came here with some friends and we found a space one of their extremely comfy leather couches.  I had an awesome Manhattan as well as a brilliant drink (whose name escapes me) but it has gin, lime/mint, cucumber and simple syrup, it was one of the best gin based cocktails I have ever had.  The decor is interesting with cool green plastic plants, couches, a piano (that my cousin was tempted to see if it was in tune) and servers wearing tuxedos.   Everyone I was with really loved their drinks, and I agree with a previous poster, it really could use some tasty munchies like a cheese or charcuterie plate or something.   Either way the drinks are fantastic.  Only other complaint was that the servers were a little bit scarce sometimes, but it was quite busy so I am going to let that one slide.   Would definitely come back for more of that cucumber/gin/mint/lime concoction.
5	Great staple of the Mile-End bar scene. Lounging on the front stoop is in the summer is where the cool kids are.
3	Very good looking spot with nice 50's music, but:1. It took forever to get our drinks (we were 4). 2. The waitress was actually unable to "deliver" them! She was shaking so much that I had to take them from the tray myself. 3. The place is divided in two areas and the atmosphere in the back is not as nice in the front. 4. The waiters are very young, and inexperienced which for a place like that just doesn't fit. 5. It is really a shame there's no space to "dance" (I don't mean like in a club, just as in a casual bar) while there is so much empty room and the music is so lively!
