1	I've been here three times, in 2004, 2007 and last week. The first two times were great, very nice stylists and I was happy with my cut. Last week was awful- the stylist (Simon) was brusque, rushed and condescending. He pulled out one of my earrings while brushing my hair and was pretty unconcerned. He dismissed/critiqued my concern that he was cutting my hair too short. Basically, just an unpleasant fellow/experience, and I paid $60 for the pleasure. Never again! I'm going back to Nicole in St-Laurent- sweet, creative and cuts for $10-20.
4	I've been coming here for over a year now. Very friendly staff. I always get my hair cut by Jesse (I definitely recommend him). I pay 29$+tip. There's always good music playing and the atmosphere is fun!
4	Nice place.
3	I've been to this salon 3 times and have never really been very impressed....The stylists are fine, but not great. They refuse to even try and speak to you in English (at least all the ones I've been to), which I find annoying..And, I always leave with something different than what I asked for..The prices are also quite high.Overall, go here if you want a quick blowdry..but nothing too extravagant, and definitely not for a cut.Gah..
4	I have gone many times to this place.  They are very nice.  I find that some of the staff are bilingual and some not. It does not matter to me.  I like it sometimes when they can not speak English because I practice my French.  Some of them are not refusing to speak English.  They can't and that is OK.  My stylist, from Paris, has given me great haircuts and trims my beard. He is very detail oriented and I often receive great comments from people that they love the cut.  I would highly recommend this place.
3	I need to update this review as I forgot I had even written it last year! I've recently come across an awesome stylist who works there named Anthony, and I've been coming back to him frequently.He's great and always listens to what I ask for and never ever rushes me out even though the owners of this salon are always rushing all their employees to get done faster to that they can squeeze more clients in..Every time I end up paying at the cashier, I tell myself I'll never come back because the two ladies who run this place scam you big time and charge ridiculous amount of money, but I really enjoy my haircuts with Anthony so I keep coming back..3 stars still because the establishment/owners aren't the best, but just a small update :)
2	Went here for a haircut today, hair dresser did a great job, Very friendly staff.However, when it came time to pay for my cut, I was informed that I could only pay for my haircut with my card, but my tip had to be left in cash.  Apparently, their terminal has a tip feature that can be turned on, but the management of the business refuses to do so.  I was recommended to use the ATM outside to take out a cash advance which would cost me extra bank fees since the ATM is not with my bank, not to mention the higher rate I would have to pay on a cash advance transaction vs. a sale.Suffice to say, this is a violation of MasterCard operating rules and I have filed a complaint with MasterCard.  If a business advertises MC acceptance and I present one for payment, you have to accept it for the full payment (including tip), end of story.I work in the Credit Card industry and it's very unusual for me to carry cash on me at all and was embarrassed to have to leave without tipping my hairdresser for a job well done. I will now have to return when I have cash on hand (another inconvenience to me) in order to pay out the tip he deserved.Debit and Credit cards are more secure, plain and simple and I shouldn't be forced to use cash at a business if they advertise the fact that they accept one of the cards in my wallet.I will not be returning to this establishment for this reason; it's a shame since I'd otherwise be more than happy to give business to the great people who work there.
