5	I had no idea how much I missed two things I have found here already, and it is not even open yet!1) An intimate theatre with a nice cocktail room attached, wow.2) A real news stand, with Foreign Affairs, The New Yorker, ad so much more. Thank you so much.
2	Snoozefest 2014 coming to Inspire...well, pretty much any day of the week.  This place has great potential and the renovations done to the building are quite nice.  Sorry Uncle Tony but this place just isn't living up to what I thought it would be.I've been here at least 5 times since opening and only once (on the soft opening) was the second level and balcony open.  What a waste of a great space.  Every other time the only thing open was the tiny bar, The Wayfarer, in the back.  Nothing special going on back behind the velvet rope that's for sure.  It's your typical lounge trying to be a craft bar or speakeasy; I'm not sure which at this point.  Bring your Adderall because you will find yourself getting quite drowsy while in here; it's that boring.  Nothing to see and the crowd is ho-hum and snobbish.  Mom shorts are the style of choice amongst the ladies here; really digging the visible lower ass cheek and high wasted look.  Bro's, bring your suspenders; you're all dialed in now.  The bartenders are nice enough but I caught one trying to pull a fast one on good ol' Downtown Chris.  You see, Crown Royal is my drink of choice.  I came out of the womb sucking down Crown Royal from my Mother's teet.  I know the taste more than most know their own face in the mirror. That wasn't Crown that I was served; nor did I see a bottle of it sitting behind the bar.  Anyway...hopefully this place livens up and starts pulling in a better crowd and some more interesting things going on inside the theater and upstairs.  Until then I will continue to be turned away at the door due to an evident policy change of no hats allowed; unless it's a fedora I'm sure.
4	The Inspire Theatre is one of two venues for screening films for the 7th Las Vegas Film Festival.  In the Inspire Building at the corner of Fremont and Las Vegas Boulevard, the theatre entrance is just before you get to the bar area.The theatre is about 6 rows of 15 or so people so it holds between 100 and 150 people.  There is plenty of leg room and the seats are comfortable.  The curved theatre gives everyone a good sightline for the screenings.  I've attended three screenings there and both have been served well by this venue.The theatre allows drinks from the bar which is both good and bad.  You have people getting up and leaving and coming back with more drinks.  This is a fairly intimate setting and now I'll plan to attend some of the lectures that are held here each month.
1	This place is horrible! Not letting someone in because of "baggy" shorts! I wouldn't spend a dollar in this pathetic spot. Everywhere else will let you in with the same dress code but somehow these guys are special because they play the same music as everywhere else! Fuck them and the people at the door! No worries I can spend my money elsewhere!
1	Is it possible to rate an establishment with less than 1 star? The security team here is a joke. I came in with a pocket knife (I am a woman mind you) only to have it confiscated at the door. This wasn't too much to ask as I understand the need for a safe environment. I do want to make it known that I carry my pocket knife everywhere and have never had it confiscated at any of the bars on Fremont. I forgot to get it back that night but came back the next day to grab it. The only person that was available to talk was the barista that worked the counter at the coffee shop. She informed me that the knife was potbelly locked away in a safe because she couldn't find it. She took down my information and told me she would call once my knife was found. She called me with in a few hours to let me know my knife was there and safe. I was unable to come on Saturday night because I had to work. I came back on Sunday and Monday during the day and found the establishment  closed on both of hose days. Because I work and go to school full time, tonight was the first day I could come back. I was greeted by security and waited for about 15 minutes for the manager to come from upstairs to open the safe that my knife was supposedly kept in. After waiting for the manger for 15 minutes, the manager informs me that there was in fact no knife in the safe. This left me very confused. After gathering my thoughts and confusion, approached the manager with my question about the whereabouts of my pocket knife. After a few minutes the director of security became involved. The director went on to ask me why they would even bother putting someone's knife in safe to begin with. I was just as confused about that as he was. I went on to ask him why several people would tell me that my property was put in a safe and why the where about of my property we're know one day and unknown the next. I also asked his if he was concerned about his employees taking property from customers, specifically weapons. Both gentlemen were unconcerned with the fact that a weapon was missing and that a customer was very unhappy with losing property at their establishment. Both of these gentlemen need to be taught a few lessons on how to talk and deal with customers. I am very upset and am looking into how I can get this resolved. This security team is very unprofessional in every way possible. I can get past the value of my knife, what's harder to get past is the unclear communication about the situation and the ignorance of the incompetence of their own company and team.
5	Gosh where do I start!!! I can tell you one thing this place is AWESOME!The Inspire theater is positioned on the corner of LVBLVD and Fremont street; prime real estate for this beautifully built building. I was lucky enough to accompany my husband to a special work event there. But it's so much more then just a theater! They have a great coffee shop and a wickedly cool modern news stand. You can sit among the periodicals and drink your coffee and read the latest magazine on whatever you're into. Believe me they have it all! Next, was the most modern, yet vintage bar that I've ever been to! Called the Wayfarer it  has the makings of an old speakeasy with a twist of modern design. This theme continues though out the whole building. The bartenders were super attentive. Make sure you ask for Zack he was an amazing bartender. I had a white wine and Joel had Mai Tai. Joel's drink was perfectly blended and not to strong. There was also some appetizers which I'm not sure if they usually have appetizers available or if these were special for the event. Either way they were tasty. I loved the spicy Philly cheesesteak crustini. The cheese platter with my favorite cheese, Brie, paired well with the wine.Next we were taken on a tour of the rest of Inspire Theater. The theater itself is very intimate. They made sure to make the seating comfortable and even left enough room to get up from your seat without bumping into everyone. The ceilings are high and have huge wooden beams which just adds to the vintage vibe. You can gain membership to the Inspire Theater for a fee. But you get private seating, with an excellent view and you can use their beautiful meeting rooms. Plus, a hidden Japanese bar called 365 Tokyo, that seats only 10 and boasts a large vinyl jazz collection that you can purchase if you want too! There are parts of the Inspire Theater that anyone can visit like their roof top bar called "The Roof". It has the best view of Fremont Street and LvBlVD I've ever seen. The Roof has a cool decor fake grass makes you feel like your in someone's backyard. What a beautiful building with an even more beautiful staff! The art work in the building was so unique and funky. It truly fits the beat of the city. Everyone we met was helpful and on point. The Inspire Theater has so many twists and turns it was a great preview. I can't wait to see a show here.
