1	I flew home to Vegas the day after New Years and had to catch a cab at the airport. I got in the cab and the driver appeared to be friendly, welcoming me to Vegas. When he asked me where I was going I told him it's a straight shot down Tropicana to Durango at which time he said "then I will take the freeway"...I said "no, I would rather you take Tropicana, it is 9 miles shorter and the cost is $26 as opposed to $35, to which he said "so you want me to make the longer trip with traffic and not get back to the airport for over an hour?" I said "I am unemployed right now and every penny counts so yes, I would prefer you take the shorter route". I have taken cabs this route several times and it has ALWAYS been in the very near vacinity of $26. He was completely rude to me the entire trip and can anyone answer me this "do cab companies run their meters at stop lights????? Because this guy did and said "it is how the meter just works". So instead of my cab fare being $26 it was $32.......I feel like he set the meter to run through the TWO lights we hit on purpose!!!!!! I am not even going to call the company based on the previous review but will NEVER EVER EVER use this cab company again!!!!!! I have only used Checker Cab here in Vegas and am sooooooo sorry I didn't use them last night!!!! To anyone who checks Lucky Cab on Yelp I hope you heed my waring!!! You will be much more satisfied with Checker and your wallet will be a little heavier too than if you used Lucky.I also wish there was the ability to rate a "0" because this cab company deserves nothing higher than a "0".
5	Totally cool driver. I was late and he helped me catch my bus. Above and beyond.
5	Great service. Lost my phone and was able to book online and receive confirmation via email. Drive was good guy, no padding, name is Stephen. Will be using again.
4	We were lucky to have found Lucky cab. They were able to accommodate us at the time requirement that we needed them. The guy on night dispatch was able to help us out and we really appreciate it.
3	Pro's: prompt, courteous & safe drivers.Con's: dodgy cabs look dirty inside & stink of smoke, $3 "V fee" they don't tell u about, while in cab u get treated to endless cirque promo on their TVs that makes u want to swear off cirque (and I love cirque).Note:  if you pay via credit card they charge you a $3 fee called a "V fee".  I took about 5 cab rides and figured it was some kind of Vegas tax thing.  Found out from very last cabbie on way to airport that it's a service fee for using the credit card and I could've avoided it by paying cash.  I hate paying these kind of fees so I really wish the first guy would've said something and saved me about $15.
5	Called for pickup at corporate park, showed up in 15 minutes later and got me to the airport quickly per my request.
4	Fast and courteous. Honest about pick up time.  They picked me up on short notice. Would have given them 5 stars except the driver kept talking about her blood test.
1	Ride to airport for flight home was taken the LONG way to airport. We were charged $32.70. Trip from airport to Venetian was $18.50. I have been to Las Vegas multiple times and know my way around. On this trip we had the WORST taxi service. Trip to airport was last straw. Will chose to walk, run, take a shuttle or pick another vacation venue. I hope others will boycott Vegas taxis!
1	Cab driver (Michel R. Moreno) picks up me and a friend at the airport.  He takes the long way to the strip (not really a surprise -- my fault for not being clued into his tricks).Then, while driving erratically and at too high a rate of speed, Michel realizes he is about to miss the right exit.  He changes lanes without looking and clips the back of a car in the right lane.  The accident was clearly the cab driver's fault.Well, now the cab driver is angry.  I kinda want to cut him some slack because yeah, now his day is pretty much ruined.  But he's not only mad at the driver of the car HE just hit, he's mad at me and my friend because after 15 minutes of waiting for his supervisor to arrive, we tell him we don't want to wait for his supervisor, we just want to get to our hotel.It gets worse.  Michel insisted that we pay.  I know this may be hard to believe.  But in his broken English, Michel made it very clear that we MUST pay for this ride.  He said we "can't get something for free."I didn't want to fight with the guy so I paid.  The supervisor said later we would be refunded (still hasn't happened).It was a really awkward experience.  I honestly would have felt safer in an Uber driven by a 17 year old who had had a few beers.
1	WORST! BAD COMPANY!!! Customer services really sucks and the operator is really rude! She has a major bitchy attitude and you could tell by the phone she hates her job.
1	I have never written a negative review but I am absolutely appalled by this cab company and the mean masochists they have on staff. Lucky cab picked us up in Laughlin. He was dropping us off at our hotel. It was about 1:30am. There were two cats (yes cats as in two kittens living and breathing) playing in the middle of the long driveway to the hotel. Not only did this disgusting human not slow down and wait for these two kitties to move, he sped up and swerved to HIT them on purpose! We felt a thump and The three of us in the passenger seats mouth's dropped in disgust. Then this man says, "ooh I think I got 'Em!" WHO DOES THIS?!?! I'm pretty sure that has got to be some sort of animal abuse law violation. I will NEVER ride in their cab again. If I could give these guys a negative stars review I would because they don't even deserve the one star I'm forced to give.
5	This cab company has been MOST AMAZING! I am out of town and my husband needed to get to work as our vehicle was in the shop; Lisa was SUPER SWEET and helped us arrange a reservation for him the following morning at 545am. They even allowed for me to pay with my credit card over the phone. They were there ON TIME the following morning with a few minutes to spare and got him to work way before time. That evening we worked with Karen to get him back home. The same exact IMPECCABLE SERVICE. Thank you LUCKY CAB for being professional and reliable. Your operators are kind and competent. And your cabbies are ALWAYS on time. WE LOVE AND APPRECIATE YOUR SUPERIOR SERVICE. THANK YOU!!!
1	No wonder people are turning to UBER and Lyft, Because what else are you going to do when you take a cab and expect a 10.00 tops cab fare and they go south out of McCarren and turn it into a 30.00 fare because its the cab company's policy to fleece the tourists. She was telling us how different Vegas was since we'd last been and when we went under the runway. I said oh this is different, because I knew she was taking us out of the way, she thought I was serious, she says oh McCarren's bigger now.  I didn't leave a tip. And they do charge you 3.00 to use a credit card, they make money on that too. Wake up lucky cab, we know how to get around, we have GPS and taxi apps on our phones. These guys are just bad. They shouldn't be able to pick up people at the airport, because of these practices. Do yourself a favor and get a shuttle or limo, but no cab.
1	I hate writing negative reviews but if I could give 0 stars, I would!NEVER IN MY ENTIRE LIFE HAVE I MET A BUSINESS OR MAN SO RUDE!!!The cab driver did not give us his name but he was an Italian older man that obviously hated his job in cab #2518. We should have gotten out of the cab as soon as we got in.My friend and I were visiting Las Vegas at MGM for the weekend and were completely sober trying to find a ride. We weren't sure where to go so we thought we'd look for a taxi driver that could take us somewhere cool. From the moment we got in, we were cussed at. He ran out of his car as soon as we got in and said, "what the f---, this cab is a piece of $&@!!" And started slamming all of the doors to the cab. We thought he was joking the whole time but found out he was completely serious. After that happened, we told him we were thinking of going to Drai's club because we heard it was cool and asked him how far it was and if he'd heard anything about it. He immediately told us, "this ride is the cheapest thing you're going to do and I'm so f---ing tired of everyone trying to screw the taxi drivers and spend so much f---ing money at bars and clubs. You're gonna spend $50 to get in and $20 for each drink but don't want to spend f---ing $10 for a taxi ride, f--- you guys."At this point, we were ready to get out and explained to him that we were sorry he was having a bad night and we were not trying to cheat him, we just wanted to find out where to go since we were not from the area. He realized he was being a jerk and told us we wouldn't have to pay but kept cussing at us. By this time we told him just to let us out on side of the road and he said "I can't be unsafe, I am not letting you out until it is safe and I am not going to charge you, KAPISH?!" At this point we were scared and almost thought he was never going to let us out.He finally got us to our destination (the Cromwell), and our cab ride was $10.10 and we gave him $10 and he tried to hand it back to us. We quickly got out and didn't take it back. We got his taxi number and complained.When we complained, his boss, Larry, told us "well maybe he's having a bad day." UM, I have a job and might have bad days too, but I would NEVER take it out on anyone else, especially someone that might give me a tip!We were the nicest people he would probably have in the cab that night, weren't drunk, and he treated us horribly. Lucky Cab, you were our worst experience in Las Vegas and I will NEVER give you my money ever again.
1	Do not use this taxi company! Mean drivers with tempers. I won't be calling them ever again!
1	Called them up to get a taxi from a local tourist hotspot, they told me it would be there in about 30 minutes. About an hour later I called a friend to pick me up. She was there in about 40 minutes, and the taxi still hadn't showed up. Never using again.
