5	I saw Dr. John Desalvo for my pregnancy and delivery of my daughter back in August.  He is by far the best obgyn. So kind, takes his time with his patients!  I loved his personality!  The front office staff was nice but his MA is such a sweetheart.  I was always glad to see her she always made me feel super comfortable getting weighed (I hated that part!!) Lol. The delivery of my daughter was such a beautiful experience I wouldn't change that for anything.  My niece who is 15 was in my delivery room because she wants to be an OBGYN and he explained everything so well...she really learned a lot! I LOVE Dr. Desalvo!!
1	I will give a 0 if I could.Don't go to Desert West if you want VBAC or Natural Birth. They will try so hard to stop you from giving birth naturally because they don't get paid as much as a c-section. They will lie, they will mislead, they will do anything to give more money.They lied to my wife and I, said she could never give birth naturally. They tricked us into getting a c-section for the first baby (Since it was out first kid, we didn't know anything and thought the doctors won't lie to us).We went to Desert West again for out 2nd since we though she has to get a c-section again. After a few months when my wife was at 36 weeks, we had a feeling that this place is kind of sketchy since the past few appointments were quite weird. So my wife and I kept calling around and ask the other doctors' opinions from different practices, and that's how we found out the people from Desert West were lying to us.At the end, we switched to Premier Care for Women in Surprise, better practice with better doctor and people. And had a successful VBAC.
5	I saw Dr De Salvo and he was very professional, thorough in his explanations and quick. I did not feel as though he was rushing. He did what needed to be done and did not drag out the procedures. I will definitely be back!
5	I started going to Desert West Ob-Gyn back in 2008. I saw Dr. Tom regularly during my pregnancy. She is ahhhmazing! I was 16 at the time and she made me feel so comfortable. (The hospital staff didn't take the teen pregnancy too well) Come the day that I was in labor, Dr. Tom wasn't available so Dr. Zhang filled in and delivered my little boy. Saw her again after many years and she still remembered bits and pieces of my delivery :) very very nice doctor.
1	Be sure to double check that your appointment is at this location. We got an automated message confirming our appointment at this location. We arrived 15 minutes before out appointment, filled out all the paperwork waited about 30 minutes only to have a staff member tell us that our scheduled appointment was at a different location. We replayed the voicemail to them and they said they couldn't do anything on their end. These people need to get their sh*t together, they make a big fuss about patients being on time but when they screw up they make no effort to accommodate us.
1	I had a difficult pregnancy from the get go. This being my first pregnancy and unplanned the process of establishing a provider was overwhelming and scary. I was unfortunately assigned to Dr. Zhang who seemed ok at first. Mind you I had no clue what to expect. About 10 weeks into my pregnancy I started having very heavy bleeding accompanied by very large blood clots. The first instance I went to the ER thinking I was having a miscarriage. They were unable to determine the cause at that point. From 10 weeks to just before 18 weeks I had been in to see Dr. Zhang on probably half a dozen or more emergency based appts and routine all of which I was having very heavy bleeding along with blood clots the size of silver dollars 2-3 times per week. I was scared sad and overwhelmed. At no point during these multiple appts was any concern shown by this dr. No further testing was ordered. At one point I even asked if I should be seeing a specialist as this just was not right. I was instructed no and that she could handle it. Very little compassion was shown. I was told to take it easy. Continue to work and exercise. In fact the last appt with her I was more or less scolded for gaining 5 lbs in 2 weeks. I went in for my 18 week anatomy ultrasound. My baby girl was being so stubborn and would not let the tech get a good view of the heart and confirm the gender. An hour and a half in her last ditch effort was to go transvaginal to see if she could get her to move and see a better view. Immediately the tech was alarmed and asked if my dr has said anything about my cervix. Of course not. Immediately I was in to see another dr in practice who explained I pretty much had no cervix. That next day I was in surgery across town to have a cerclage. The dr explained my cervix was 100% thinned out it was one of the worst cases he had ever seen and it was a miracle I hadn't miscarried! I was in the hospital 3 nights and released on total bed rest. This explained all the bleeding I had complained about for months! It's now been 3 weeks since my surgery and I have not heard a single word from "Dr" Zhang. No compassion whatsoever! The situation was so bad not only my baby but my own life was at risk due to high risk of infection and bacteria growth since I had no cervix for so long. By the grace of god we have both survived to this point. I am in the process of switching to a competent compassionate dr far outside this practice.
1	Why does it take 10+ minutes to answer the phone  they don't deserve that one star I'm giving them!
