5	Chicken pita was unbelievably good!! Better than the old Middle Eastern Deli. Crisp marinated veggies. Perfectly marinated and grilled chicken in a thin pita. Wow.
5	I heard a review on the local NPR station that said this was 1 of top 10 restaurants in Charlotte. I agree !  The chicken skewers were some of the best I've ever had.    The gyro's were pretty good too.  I definitely recommend Zeitouni's for casual food.
5	I had the SHISH TAWOOQ platter with 1 kefta skewer and 1chicken skewer, salad and hummas.  Truly the best hummas I have ever had.  The food was so fresh, the skewers were tender and had amazing flavor.  We will be back.
5	OK, I'm at work, and should be productive, doing newsy thing, but I just got back from dinner break here, and MUST take 5 minutes write a review, I'm so thrilled.  Zeitourni Grill opened in July, but it's tucked away in the Earth Fare shopping center in Ballantyne, next to the Dippin' Dots, so it's easily overlooked.  (This was the former location for Quizno's). When I walked in, a super cute woman was at the counter, and helped me make some suggestions on what to try.I went with the kofta skewer and chicken platter, which I chose to have with babaganoush, and Mediterranean salad. Added a side of falafel. My dining partner had the kibbie. Can I just say, my Middle Eastern (this cuisine is Lebanese to be exact) experiences in Charlotte have now reached a fever pitch with Kabob Grill being pretty good...then La Shish Kabob being excellent, and now ZG, my all-time fave in the city.  The chicken is so tender, so well seasoned...the kofta isn't dried out like most places and crusty, it's springy and moist.  The kibbie, I'm told is new and improved with more spice and is worth trying if you've never had it before.  Falafel side...two nice pieces, crispy fried, and drizzled with tahini and comes with pickled vegetables. Platters come with dessert too, so we had two small baklava-esque pastry...extra crisp and flaky, fresh and sprinkles with pistachios.  The perfect two-bite size to end a meal. The atmosphere is not shady like La Shish (of course it's not, it's in a spankin' new looking Ballantyne shopping center) and the inside is immaculate.  The owner was super sweet, seemed like an older man you want to sit down with and learn his life story.  Overall, it's a great casual eatery (order at the counter, wait for food type of joint) where the prices are pretty good.  (Our platters were $9.99 each, including the dessert.) I'll go back for sure when the craving hits!
5	Yum! I drove all the way from University just for take- out.  Everything was delish- bit the marinated beans were the surprise favorite. I hope I can go back soon and actually dine in.
5	Wow, all five star reviews so far!  Guess I won't derail the train on that... my only complaint is the classification here on Yelp of this restaurant being in the "Quail Hollow" neighborhood.  Although it's not officially Ballantyne... it's closer to there than Quail Hollow.Anyway... we just stopped there for a quick lunch pick up and got the Shawarma "sandwich" and a Gyro and both were VERY GOOD!!  My only regret was not getting a second Shawarma or fries to go with it.  It was delish!!  The Gyro was loaded with meat and very nicely seasoned.  We will be going back there again... and again.
5	Dined in today. Had the mezza platter with beans instead of potatoes, hummus, and fattoush. I love their potatoes, but I try (a little half-assedly) to cut carbs and their beans are heavenly....I mean I've daydreamed about the beans since my last visit. The falafel was hot and fresh. The fattoush is some of the best I've had and the dressing is just right. The pita could have been fresher.After I finished, I ordered the kibbie special to go for my husband. The guy asked me if I'd had it before, and I told him I had and didn't like it. Now I know that I didn't like the kibbie I had before. THIS kibbie, I like.
5	This place is great! I've been three times now, and while I want to try different menu items the Mediterranean Chicken Salad is too amazing to pass up! I crave it the moment I leave and that craving is not satisfied until I'm back for more! The chicken is moist (yes, I went there!), perfectly-seasoned, and blends well into an already delicious salad.The service is always friendly and helpful and the location is kept very clean. If you live or work in the Ballantyne area you HAVE to try Zeitouni Grill out!
5	Excellent food and the service was great! The menu is reasonably priced as well. I will definitely be coming back!
3	Saw all the review buzz and made a special trip this way just to see what the fuss was all about. Sad to say, it was more hype than the quality and experience I was hoping to find. Husband and I each ordered the Vegetarian Mezza platter. I had the babba ghanouj and the Mediterranean salad and he got the one with hummus and tabbouleh. The grape leaves were the most disappointing item on the platter. For a restaurant that prides itself on freshness, the grape leaves were canned! When I'm in a pinch, I'll grab a can of stuffed grape leaves...so I'm quite familiar with the green oily look left on my plate. The tabbouleh wasn't that great either. Oh, how unfortunate! However, the potatoes were seasoned well, the pita bread was fresh, and the falafel was good. On the bright side, the Turkish coffee was made fresh to order and paired nicely with the baklava. I highly recommend getting the two. In addition, the employees were very friendly and the space was small, very casual, and clean. While I made a special trip this time, I don't see myself doing it again. However, I'm not entirely opposed to stopping in if I'm in the area, especially to get my Turkish coffee and baklava combo fix.
5	My sister's boyfriend told me he was going to Earthfare to meet one of his friends that worked there and he thought they'd get something there. His buddy said, "no you got to check out this Lebanese place around the corner." So they checked it out and he was crazy about the Shawarma sandwich. For $5 it's a great dish. They also have a mixed platter that lets you try several of their meats with baba ganoush and tabouli which is very good. Lots of fresh meats vegetables and spices. And the staff is really great. I wish the atmosphere was a little different. It's a tad cramped and the lighting is too bright but that's being real nitpicky. Definitely worth your while if you are looking for unique cuisine that's budget friendly.
5	Phenomenal. My mouth could not handle all the delight of my chicken platter dish. You can just tell the ingredients are WHOLE and FRESH. Expect clean flavors and mouth watering, juicy chicken. The eggplan humus -- oh my god, to die for.
5	Great place with friendly "guidance" from the staff. I highly recommend the mixed platter as a first option to get a broad taste of what Zeitouni has to offer. A piece of baklava to finish and you will go home very full and completely satisfied!
4	Authentic!!Having spent 20 years in the Middle East, I've always been on the lookout for great Middle Eastern fare, and Zeitouni gets it pretty right! We ordered the Falafel Platter, Shish Tawooq, and Shish Kabob Platters - and everything was very very good! Freshly made, great taste, fine texture - much more than what you'd expect when you're not in Dubai! The ambience isn't great - more like a Middle Eastern McDonalds, the service tends to the slower side, but the food pretty much compensates for it all! Do go there if you want a quick bite - you won't be disappointed!
4	Took the wife and kids here a few weeks ago and loved it. Great flavors, and very fresh. A little heavy on the lemon, but I prefer that.  Definitely worth it.
5	My husband has been jonesing for Zeitouni ever since he started reading the reviews here on Yelp. We went a couple of weeks ago on a weeknight, and I have to say, I'm impressed.Having traveled to Italy and Greece, we are not strangers to Mediterranean food. Still, it was refreshing to have one of the young men in the restaurant meet our eyes as soon as we walked in, and ask if we'd like an explanation of their menu. He took us over to the case and showed us their kabobs, as well as their sides. He explained how we could order the different combinations, and then left us to confer amongst ourselves.We each ordered a platter. I ordered the chicken kabobs, my husband ordered the trio of kabobs. We ordered different sides in order to sample them all: hummus for me, babba ghanouj for my husband.We sat down to wait at a table, and after a few minutes they brought out our orders. Interestingly, our kabobs came with the wrong sides on the plates, but frankly this wasn't an issue since we were just doing a big old taste test of everything we could get.An older gentleman (perhaps the owner?) came by to present me with a garlic aioli sort of dip for the chicken. It was DELICIOUS and so garlicky! We asked for more, and asked what they called it. "Chicken sauce," he said, with a laugh as he gave away the secret recipe of garlic and fresh mayonnaise. I don't care how simple it was, I loved it.The food was fresh and delicious. The staff was smiling and friendly. I couldn't ask for more from a restaurant. Well - maybe if it was sit down service with menus, but I won't dock them for that. Zeitouni is what it is - a counter service restaurant. Their food shines beyond "counter service" which implies almost a fast food style. Zeitouni is not "fast food" in my opinion. It's delicious, flavorful and fresh, designed to be savored. So it's a bit of a disconnect, but I forgive them for that because well, if you taste this food, you'd forgive just about anything else.My recommendation for dining at Zeitouni is that you call ahead and order delicious meals to enjoy in your home. If you're looking for a tasty and fresh lunch, or out for a quick dinner, it's an okay place ambiance-wise, in which to enjoy it, but the fast food feel might turn you off for a date night out. Regardless of how you enjoy their food, it is amazingly delicious food that is meant to be enjoyed. We'll be back again and again, but likely with a carryout bag to savor in our home. Zeitouni's food, and it's staff are elevated far beyond the atmosphere you'll find when you walk in.
4	I love good middle eastern food. I have only eaten here once, and found the food to be very good on that visit.  This is a casual place where you walk up to the register and place your order. Then you take a seat and they bring your food to your table. I ordered a vegetarian platter with hummus, potatoes harra, falafel, and salad. Everything was spot-on. I thought it was a good value for the money. Looking forward to my next visit.
5	Amazingggg !!!! Gotta have the Mixed platter with the Baba Ganouj an Mediterranean Salad Delecious.
4	Yum
5	Being of indian origin, and being born in the middle east, this is the closest thing to excellent lebanese food!  Very clean and wonderful service!  We ordered, shwarma platter with tabouleh and baba ghanouj, and the filafel sandwich.  Both were excellent!  So flavorful and delicious!  Highly recommend this place to anyone who is into arabic food.
5	I stopped in on the recommendation of a neighbor.  The atmosphere was more Subway than exotic but the food and service was all that and a bag of chips.I started with a side of Babba Ganouj as an appetizer.  It was so creamy and tasty with the pita bread, I could have made a meal out of it.  Next was a combination platter that included three kinds of meats.  Shish Kefta, Shish Tawooq, and Shish Kabob.  The meats were accompanied by Fatoush (a salad of greens, tomatoes and pita chips) and Hummus.The meats were seasoned very well and were extremely tender and juicy.  The salad had a complexity of flavors accented with Mint and spices.  I really liked the flavor combinations.This was my first time really experiencing Middle Eastern food.  Iman, the owner, spent time explaining the dishes to me and explained that this is authentic and cooked just like the old country.  No dumbing down or "Americanization" of the food here. It's the real deal!One of the things I'd like to see them add to the menu would be lamb.  This would really round it out.I'll be back!!
5	Great food. Better prices. A little gem. Just come in, an order. If you don't know what to order, just ask them. They're very friendly. Everything is prepared fresh daily. You won't regret it.
5	Since moving back home to NC from Detroit, I have been on a quest for great Lebanese food, without sacrificing the amazing quality and reasonable prices of the mom-and-pop places all over SE Michigan. I must say Zeitouni's rivals the best of Detroit and that's a difficult task to accomplish.  My favorites for lunch are the Shish Tawook and the Shish Kefta sandwiches. Honestly, you can try anything on the menu and you won't be disappointed.  Enjoy every last morsel of goodness!
4	Absolutely fantastic falafel. That is the whole reason to come here. I would even put it ahead of La Shish Kabob. Very affordable and so good. Highly recommended. Tabouleh and Shawarma are good too. Service isn't always great. Don't expect a smile from certain people. However, the owner is incredibly nice. Easy parking. Music can be a little annoying. Not great atmosphere either. Better for take out.
3	After reading other reviews on Zeitouni, we made a special trip to check out the place. In fact, it was on my list for quite a while since it isn't in my typical neck of the woods.Upon entering, the owner (I think?) greeted us warmly, which is always a good sign. After a somewhat reasonable wait, the food was brought to the table, and it was a solid offering, but I can't say that we'll be making a trip out of our way again. It isn't that it was bad, exactly - it just wasn't worth the drive.Had the service of all employees (there were three, I think) been as friendly as the owner, it would have been better. Had the food been as good as the owner was friendly, it would have been better. As it was, it was just decent.
5	I'm completely enamored with Zeitouni's simplicity. By far one of the best Med restaurants I've visited in quite some time and at a pricepoint that is hard to beat. We've passed by this joint on multiple occasions and, by the number of outstanding reviews, we couldn't wait any longer. When I say simple, it's in the best way possible. Not glitz and glamour for Z's. A few simple murals on the wall depicting a map of northern Africa and most of the Mediterranean...and that's about it. It's all about the food here. Just how it should be. The staff is very kind. Even courteous enough to ask if you've ever "experienced Mediterranean food before" and walk you through the different preparations and choices. Much of which can vary slightly, but always good for a refresher. Onward to the meal! My wife got the Falafel platter. Perfect orbs of crispy outside and warm, soft, flavorful inside. Not dry and also not overly moist. Topped generously with a mix of veggies and fantastically mixed tabbouleh. Finally! A place that uses bulgar wheat! The pickled veg was incredible. I ordered the mixed platter. All three skewers they have with a dashingly colorful salad and pita/hummus. The chicken by far has the most flavor. Charred bits from the grill and marinated in something that fell from the heavens. The lamb and beef skewers also retained a ton of flavor. All of the spice mixtures are pungent but not overpowering. Perfect balance from three equally delicious animals. The place is clean, busy, simple and has flavors that will make you think you're chillin in Tel Aviv. Can't wait to go back and get the Shawarma platter!
3	I was craving Persian food and I stumbled upon this place in my search. I ordered the kefta platter with fatoush and hummus. Overall I enjoyed the food but it was definitely not the best I've had. I was born and raised in Chicago and we're known for our food. After moving to Charlotte, I know why people have been saying this. Good food is hard to find in Charlotte.The kefta, fatoush and hummus were all pretty good but the rice was *plain* and the bread was thin and limp much like a tortilla. The other thing that annoyed me was that they piled everything high onto a small plate. Service was good, nothing to mention there but they are really nice people.If I cannot find another place, this might end up as my go-to for now. If this place was in Chicago it would be a place I would visit only if I were in the area.
5	I had been asking the Mr if we could come here for quite a while. During a foray into the adjacent Dippin Dots, I saw people filing into this joint and thought it was worth a yelpy lookup. It has deservedly acquired four and a half stars from the yelp community and here's why:* Education: They take the time to explain the meat/entree offerings in a way that doesn't demean, but offers insight into which you might prefer. You can also see the skewers of meat right in front of you in a visually *enticing* cooler. They also have detailed explanations of all those tongue-twisting Mediterranean food descriptors, e.g. shawarma, fatoush, tabbouleh...* Variety: Please note that vegetarians can actually grow both fat and happy here. From a simple hummus to lumps of perfectly crispy falafel or perhaps baba ganoush, eat your fill. As I didn't sample the meat options (we all know why), I had to depend on the Mr's refined palate, which suggests that the chicken skewers are the way to go. They also serve Lebanese beer and wine. Cheers!* Atmosphere: It's Mediterranean quick-casual. FINALLY. You don't have to go somewhere promising Friday night belly dancing in order to partake in this savory, fresh fare. I, whose belly will remain shirted, am delighted about the atmosphere. Nothing at all fancy here. Simple plates, self-serve soda/tea fountain, friendly staff (who recognized us when we returned only two days after our initial visit).* Food: Delicious. An excellent choice for a Ballantyne-area lunch or quick dinner that won't leave you feeling bloated and ready for a nap. Great value as well. I'll probably not order falafel anywhere else, because my poor, spoiled taste buds would likely revolt.All in all, this spot is definitely worth a visit. If you live in the area, it's an added bonus. No frills, just great Mediterranean food. Enjoy!
2	My wife and I stopped here for lunch. We're both vegetarians and found the options somewhat limited, though typical of what you'd expect from a Mediterranean quick service restaurant. We found their food to be incredibly salty - to the point where the potatoes were inedible.  The falafel wasn't terrible, but it was a bit greasy and very crumbly. An attempt to get it on a fork resulted in it breaking into smaller and smaller pieces until I eventually just scooped up the crumbs.To top it all off, every table in the place was dirty, as was their display cases and the floor. (Though to be fair, it looks like they were in the middle of a rush from the Gymboree class next door, so perhaps it would have been better an hour earlier or later.)  Finally, when I got home, I noticed they over-charged my credit card by $3. I was excited that there might be another good place for hummus and falafel in town, but I'll be sticking with Kabob Grill. We won't be going back here.
5	Love this place, great Lebanese food, friendly staff too, reasonable prices.  The best falafel I have had in years!!
4	The next stop on my Charlotte tour of Mediterranean food spots is...Zeitouni Grill!I work at Toringdon. You know, that office/business complex, right off of 485 on the Johnston Road exit, where the Red Robin and Earth Fare are both located? You know, there? Got it? See it? That building directly across the street from Red Robin? That's where I work. See me waving? Hi!So my point to Toringdon is this: other than Red Robin (which, frankly, is pretty meh when it comes to burgers, and the atmosphere sucks) or Earth Fare (which, frankly, their take-out/dine-in options leave plenty to be desired, especially from such a place that supposedly prides itself on health food alternatives that cater to the surplus number of crunchy granolas living in exile from Asheville, and the die-hard fitness freaks that show up all sweaty and red-faced and all jacked-up on adrenaline and self-importance after having done some hardcore yoga at the Urban Active across the street...but anyway...), a quick or at least convenient meal that doesn't require you to get in your car and navigate the fustercluck that is Johnston Road during lunch time, AND you're pretty tired of brown bagging it every day, then what the hell are you going to do for lunch, huh?Thankfully, Zeitouni Grill proves a more-than-welcome respite from the ordinary. And Zeitouni Grill does not disappoint.The platters are always a good option. Choose from a trio of Shishes (I just made that word up) - Kabob, Tawooq, or Kefta - or the Shwarma (the "Avengers" Special! - You know what I'm talking about!), and you get your choice of two sides - hummus or babba ghanouj (neither will disappoint) and either tabbouleh, fatoush, or the Mediterranean salad. Personally, I love their falafel. I haven't had decent falafel since I left NYC, and this is about as close as what I used to sample when I slummed it on Lexington Avenue near Kips Bay. Simple fare, yet colorful and plenty flavorful, just as I would expect from this kind of cuisine.Keep in mind this place stays busy during weekday lunch hours, so be prepared to wait about 10-15 minutes for your plate. Worth the wait, though.I'm here about once a week. But this place is so damned good, I might be coming here more than once a week. I think the shish tawooq is calling my name.
5	Such an amazing find! I'd eat here everyday if I lived closer. Best falafel I've ever had and the hummus was excellent.
3	"Not the best I've had, but definitely good enough to fill a craving, and I'm pretty picky about Middle Eastern since I grew up there. The hummus and tabouleh were good and I was excited they had Zataar bread, as it's hard to find."
4	Food was excellent and i like that you dont have a server so you save some cash. Service was fine.
5	After hearing all of the amazing reviews I finally tried this place. I wasn't surprised that it was good. It was awesome! I am a huge fan of Mediterranean and middle eastern food and Zeitouni has to be my favorite. We had the gyro and shawarma and both were fantastic!! The gyro was the best ever!!! The staff are very friendly as well and always have smiles on their faces! I love this place and I am so happy that it so close to my house :)
4	OPEN Kitchen!  Consistently Good Food and Always Great Service!One of the things I LOVE most about this place is they have always allowed a simple substitution!  Listen yelpers:  Do you really want rice with that!???  No! ! !  Get something GOOD!  Potatoes Hara is my suggestion or maybe you could have an original thought, NO don't do that, copy me, PLEASE Copy Me and ask nicely : "would you please substitute the Rice for Potatoes Hara"?  You will not have to drop my name... They know me as Matt (not Super Drew, just Matt and not Just Matt... Matt... Matt who likes Hat (s)K!I have eaten almost everything on the menu and I have eaten almost all of it twice.  Wraps are Good, Kabobs are BETTER!!! Fattoush was A-OK better than many!Tabouleh has been prepared to order each time.  I have heard that it is better (proper) to have it this way, as opposed to pre-made.All the Desserts are Good or Better... get the Baklava! Lebanese Coffee, they say (like Turkish Coffee with Cardamom).  So it is Better than "Turkish Coffee", because I like the Cardamom (Might make a List about it)... Since this is MY review I do not need to say "it is my opinion" this is MY Review!   It takes me about 6 hours to drink one serving (you get TWO) and I can not spell anythij for the rest of the day... My Doctor said it is common, though not as common, which is a GREAT way to say Rod0, you are a weirdo, hmmm, ok, I'll take that as a compliment!
5	If I could eat at Zeitouni every day of the week, it would not be often enough. Everything I've tried there has been simply outstanding. It's not a fancy place. You walk up to the counter, place your order, and wait. You might wait a while for your food, in fact (because they have a small grill/kitchen/prep area and a line out the door of hungry customers). Finding a table is a bit of a chore, too. Just imagine you're in the middle of NYC awaiting the best Gyros (or other mediterranean treat), and you will feel better about standing around waiting on a table in the middle of a strip mall in Ballantyne. : )I've tried practically everything on the menu, so I can't comment on everything. But.. the standouts to me are: Potato harra (on the side dish menu), Gyros (of course, get the platter, you won't be disappointed when you have leftovers to take home), the hummus and pita, the shawarma.. Geez, it's all so stinkin' good, you just have to go and experience it yourself to understand where I'm coming from, OK? And then write me and tell me you thought of it. Be sure to take some baklava or other sweet treats to go, and buy extra because you'll want to share it with a good friend (if it lasts that long).Delish!!!
5	There are already a lot of positive reviews for Zeitouni, and it's for good reason.  I'll chime in with mine as well.The bottom line to why this place is good, is the delicious quality at a fair price.  Some places tend to cut back on quality once the business is rolling for a while, but I've been going to this place since they opened, and thankfully thus far, it doesn't seem like they've fallen into that all too common mistake.  (Paying Cisco 25 cents less for your ingredients is NOT worth it and will turn away customers.. thanks to Zeitouni for being a place smart enough to realize this.)Quality ingredients make a big difference to me when deciding whether or not I like a place.I'm giving it 4.5 stars... just because food sometimes takes a while, and some of the staff could be more friendly.
4	This place is really good.  The meat is marinated and so tender!  I didn't see the exact dish I wanted on the menu so they created it for me.  Not  many places will let you customize without making it a big deal but the owner is so nice and accommodating.
4	Ate hear for the first time this week. I arrived at 12:45 and avoided the rush. It's a tiny space, but they do great things in that small area. I had the falafel platter and my wife had the gyros. Both were very good. I loved their tabbouleh. We left feeling very satisfied. As other posters have mentioned, you will have to wait for your food. But, fer crissakes, stop your whinin' and relax.  Life's too short to always be in a hurry. Even so, we had a nice meal and were walking out the door by 1:10...only 25 minutes for lunch. We'll be back!
3	Nestled in a strip mall you might overlook this place.  I had the chance to stop in yesterday to try it out and I wasn't dissapointed (completely).  Upon walking in I got the sense this place is popular based on the number of people in line and waiting for food.That was probably the biggest drawback, the wait.  But the chicken I added to my greek salad needed time to cook I suppose so that was ok.  They did mess up my buddy's order so that wasn't exactly a good thing though.  My salad was great, fresh and cheaply priced in my opinion.If you're coming in here for the atmosphere or the interior feel, you may, no you will be dissapointed.  I took my order to go.
5	This is definitely the best middle eastern place in Charlotte. It is very fast, the service is excellent, they make great use of seating in this restaurant and best of all, TRULY AUTHENTIC. My falafel wrap was served warm in a foil, inside it is filled with hearty falafel, veggies and amazing tahini sauce. The stuffed grape leaves I ordered were just perfect, not too sour, just the right amount of oil and very great stuffing that makes me want to call this place a home. Overall this place is great because:1. Committed family business2. passion for great authentic middle eastern food3. very quick service4. friendly and knows how to do business right!5. Fair prices for amazing food!This place resembles everything that embodies a restaurant with a sound business model, bravo!
4	Tired of BBQ while in NC?  How about some kebabs, falafel, hummus, and stir fried potatoes?The chicken kebabs are really tender and moist here.  Served over a bed of rice, a choice of salad, and another side for the platter.  Saw another table had the gyro with fries.  Looked really good.Only regret is not ordering the Lebanese beer to go with the grub.
5	Amazing salad and hummus. Very friendly and fresh off the grill.
3	After driving way out of my way to try this "restaurant" I was disappointed to find instead a lunch counter located in a generic store-front space of a generic strip mall with a wide open, panoramic view on two whole walls of ... the freaking parking lot! To boot it was a rainy day which made the locale even more depressing. This place doesn't even have the charm of a dive because like much of Charlotte it's all brand spanking new. The choices on the menu were limited, we ordered a few of our usual. The food was very good, as good as can expected for this type of place. I thought the prices were maybe a little high (for the venue) but not too bad. The service was unexpectedly slow but very friendly, we weren't in a hurry anyway. I'm deducting one star for the fast food cafeteria dining experience. My constructive criticism of the day : get some window treatment, such as cafe curtains. Neither the view of the parking lot nor of the counter are much fun.
5	We tried this place fOr the 1 st time last Saturday,we did take out so I don't have comments about ambiance but man the food was fresh and delicious!! We had lamb , chicken and beef kebabs, it was tender and very well seasoned, the Fatush salad was yummy and the best babaganush I have had in ages!!! Hummus was good too and the falafels were super tasty, overall we loved it and definitely coming back!!!
4	Good place - authentic food - but needs a sparkle to it - kofta was not seasoned enough, rice was ok, falafel was very fresh but not enough seasoning. Overall good place the cook needs to taste his/her food and it will be perfect
5	Love love love this place. Was introduced to it about 2 months ago and have been back many times. Some of my favorites are the Mediterranean salad with chicken, chicken gyro, and shish kabob. Also love the hummus and pita! Highly recommend!
3	Very good, very fresh, very clean, very friendly.  But take note - this is just a lunch counter-type place.My first impression of Zeitouni is a good one, they have a good basis of food.  Now, they need to work on the atmosphere just a bit.I could eat there often; it looks like a great variety of more healthy and more indulgent items; it would be hard to get 'fatigue'.I wasn't hungry enough to sample a platter, so I only had the falafel appetizer. Their recipe is excellent, and the item was nicely presented with some pita, tomato and sauce.  My lunch mate offered a stuffed grape leaf to me as well.  The dolmas are warm here, which was not expected and the filling is creamy and soft (a little mushy for my liking). Everything was well-seasoned.I will definitely go back and try more at this no-frills eatery.
4	I stopped in after work, around 6pm on a Friday. I was worried after hearing about how busy it always is, but I was able to go right up to the counter and order. I decided on the falafel platter which included a choice of hummus or babba ghanouj and a choice of a salad with olives and feta, fatoush or tabbouleh. The hummus was perfect. It comes with 3 pita diamonds and when that runs out, the falafel is pretty tasty dipped in it. The tahini sauce on top of the falafal tasted really great and helped keep them moist. Overall, it was the best falafal I've found in Charlotte. They wear their Yelp best of sticker, well!!
1	I have eaten here a few times for my wife. The staff is not very helpful at all. If you want a whole wheat pita, you have to buy the whole pack plus pay full price for the wrap. Bunch of thieves beware
4	My husband and I come here to eat every couple weeks (if not more), usually after a workout.  The food is delicious and no matter what you order, you are not left with the heavy feeling you get at other restaurants.  We usually get a combo, mine with a salad and his with a sandwich and it comes out to $21.  It's a bit pricey, but totally worth it for the taste.  The baba ganoush has a deep smokey flavor, almost like they have added liquid smoke, and we love it.  I always opt for the grape leaves and they are perfect every time.  Coming from a restaurant family, I do notice is seems as though the drink machine could always use a better wipe-down, or at least more frequently, but that is a minor complaint. We would highly recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for something different and we will keep going as long as their doors stay open and they don't increase their prices!
5	Ate here for the first time on a Friday. Was soooo good and inexpensive for the quality that we went back on Sunday. They weren't open on Sunday and no other Mediterranean compared.  That was months ago and we go back every time we possibly can.
4	Went here for lunch the other day and absolutely loved the food! Very authentic which I love. I got the tuwooq special which isn't on the menu but a friend told me about it. I will admit that the decor/cafeteria feel may need to be updated but hey, you take good food where you can find it.
4	Being from NYC I was bit hesitant about this place, cause lets face it nobody does it better than NY. However I saw all the great reviews this place got so decided to give it a shot. Let me tell you it was delicious!!! The falafel was full of flavor. Also they are not cheap with the servings. The only thing I didn't like was that our order took a while to be made. But at the end it was well worth it. I will definitely be going back.
4	After reading all the great review I decided to give it a try.  Thank you Yelpers for those honest reviews.  I was impressed and satisfied with my meal.  I had the beef and chicken Schwarma along with a Gyro, yes I was hungry.  Luckily I did order all that food as it was delicious.  Can't forget the baklava one of the best I have tasted.  It was crunchy as it should be and just sweet to the bite.  Great dinner that was well enjoyed by the family.
5	Fantastic middle eastern food for a fair price.  Not a huge variety of dishes but every dish is crafted to perfection.  Alcohol availability is an advantage over other middle eastern restaurants in Charlotte.
5	Oh, hello there some-of-the-best-food-I've-ever-had. I've not had very much experience with Mediterranean food, but I'm pretty sure this is as good as it gets. My boyfriend found the place (major props to him!) and we both had the Shish Tawooq; a platter with rice, two skewers of chicken and your choice of two sides. I had hummus and tabbouleh. It was $10, took maybe 10 minutes, and it was amazing. I can't wait to go back and try something new!
5	This is our family's favorite restaurant. The food is authentic and delicious.  We have eaten everything on the menu there are no weak spots. We enjoy it for a quick bite as well as to go - usually to entertain guests with a special meal!
5	Please note that this is not a fancy locale.  If you want fancy, go to some other Lebanese place in Mecklenburg county that has a pretty restaurant and pretty mediocre food.Zeitouni is not pretty, but the food . . .  aah, the food!  Who wants fancy tables and walls when the food is cooked to order, fresh and delicious!  The Mr. says we have never had anything bad from the menu.  The Mrs. wholeheartedly agrees!  It's ALL good.We are not coffee drinkers, but the freshly-made coffee smells heavenly.  The baklava is yummy.The staff behind the counter is friendly, helpful, and accommodating.We happily return and return and return . . . The Mr. and Mrs. love Zeitouni..
5	I've been eating here since March 2013 until December 2013. This place is soooo good! Yummy food and they remember my name. :DI've been eating at their place everyday. :)Food is fresh. Salads are great. Service is awesome. Everyone I talk to, I tell them about this place and that they should go. :)
5	The best falafel and hummus I've had outside of Turkey (the country that is)!I'd love to expound on all the wonderful flavors and how their decore is this or that...but simply...the food is great and exactly what it should taste like.If you care about the ambiance and whether it's worth a 40 minute drive or not, defer to the other reviews.  The falafel sandwich alone gets five stars from me.I do know this:  If I'm in the area, I'd be hard-pressed to choose another location for lunch.
5	Very good food, fresh. Not many places to sit and eat inside (especially during the lunch rush).
4	Great food!
5	Great, authentic arabic food.  We got the shwarma & mixed platter.  Both were super good.  Friendly service & the waitress explained each thing on the menu (even though we are pretty familiar with arabic food). :-)Will definitely be coming here more frequently.
4	Very good Mediterranean fare. Very flavorful and authentic. A small family run spot that clearly cares about quality. Worth a stop.
5	My husband and i have been eating here since it opened. The food is excellent and has remained consistently excellent. It's our standby for fast, wonderful, healthy food. Our favorite is the vegetarian platter-- excellent falafel and taboulleh.The family that owns and runs it is wonderful, too.
4	I like the food.  My client from Lebanon says that this is like Lebanese  fast food as as far as the menu choices.  But we don't have any other Lebanese places in Charlotte.  So I will take what I can get.   Entrees range from $5.99 to $10.99 if you order a combo.
5	Very authentic and family operated! Some of the best Mediterranean I've ever had! Highly recommend a visit!
5	The kabob was absolutely delish!!!  Very impressed with the food quality.  I had chicken kabob, basmati rice and baba gonoush... Along with some grape leaves.  I definitely recommend this spot if you love middle eastern cuisine.
5	I recently came across this jewel. I travel to Charlotte often and am always on the lookout for good places to eat. Found this on yelp and decided to give it a try. Have tried the chicken platter and must say the chicken kebabs were cooked to perfection. The salad and humus were great too. Am definitely coming back.
5	I was pleasantly surprised with how amazing my meal was!  I got the Mezza Platter, and loved it.  I didn't have to make any substitutions to make it vegan either!  The platter came with 2 falafel patties, and was the BEST falafel I have ever had!  They weren't dried out like they frequently are at a lot of places, and they were well seasoned.  I also had baba ganoush, fatoush salad, stuffed grape leaves, and potatoes harra.  AMAZING!  I will definitely be back soon.
5	This is a good lunch spot. The food is fresh and flavorful. The platters and sandwiches are good and I love their Mediterranean salad. I definitely recommend this spot, especially for the lunch crowd looking for a good, quick meal.
4	Most delicious Mediterranean food in Charlotte. No ambiance, so perhaps not the best place for "date night" but everything is flavorful. I love eating the vegetarian mezza platter, even though I'm not a vegetarian. Truly it's more of a take out or lunch with colleagues ambiance but The food is DELISH
5	This little place next to Earth Fare in Ballantyne holds hidden treasures, specifically the best baba ghanouj (smoky eggplant dip) and other freshly made Lebanese food. I came during the lunch rush, but was able to get a high top table without trouble. There was a line to order, but never longer than a few people. Longer was the wait for the food - 10 to 15 minutes. It's not fast food but well worth the wait for such high quality food. Service was given with a smile and quite efficient. The baba ghanouj was smoky, creamy, with tender pieces of eggplant and wonderful notes of herbs, lemon, and olive oil. Personally I favor Greek pita bread over Lebanese, but it was a great vehicle for this delicious dip. The chicken gyros sandwich was perfectly prepared, tender and juicy chicken, with a fabulously fresh tzaziki (yogurt and garlic sauce), and just amazing. I swear I was licking my fingers! (One advantage to eating alone.). I'm seriously considering ordering more to take home for dinner!!
1	If there was a way to put a zero I would. I ordered felafel and a drink. 25 minutes later after several other customers after me got their orders I am still waiting. I finally asked for a refund. Was told it would be ready in 3 more minutes. I make my own felafel a lot. It doesn't take 30 minutes. The worst part is that they were totally indifferent. No apology, very unprofessional. Was my first visit there and definitely my last.
5	Falafel a must tryBest I've ever hadEverything on the menu is delicious authentic and always fresh
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy!  The shawarma was delicious, and the baba ghanoush was simple and satisfying.  We were originally supposed to go to another restaurant in the same area, but we saw Zeitouni and thought, "Ooh, that looks good!"  And it was, my friend!  The people were very friendly, and came by twice to see if we were enjoying the food.  It's a little restaurant with BIG taste!Can't wait to try the falafel.  I haven't had a good falafel since we left Raleigh!
5	Unpretentious Mediterranean food that is simply great.
4	After reading all the other reviews I was looking for a true Lebanese restaurant but was disappointed in what I found. I ordered chicken shwarma. I did not see a large kitchen skewer for them to trim the seasoned meat from, so assumed it was in the back of the house. The meat came without rice and was grilled with more of a barbecue taste than traditional shwarma. They asked me to choose two sides and told me they were out of baba ganoush. I chose hummus and fatoush. There was no parsley to garnish the fatoush or hummus. The dressing on the fatoush was closer to Italian than Lebanese. The hummus was bland. The restaurant was simple and clean with more of a sandwich shop feel. No hot Arabic tea - or any hot drinks were available. I would call this an American influenced Lebanese and not authentic. The cook/waiter was very polite and helpful. Rating this on authentic food quality I can only offer 3 stars. As a little short plate restaurant I would give it 4 for its attempt.
4	An authentic place for meditation food, every thing is fresh. I have tried Greek salad, chicken and lambs shawarma with yellow rice. All items are really delicious.Worth it to try on weekdays lunch too,the last don't  forget to try "Baklva " it is Yummy too.
5	So, I'm from Detroit originally.  Among other things, Detroit is home to more people of Middle Eastern descent than perhaps anywhere else in North America.  As a result, Detroit also a wide array of great Middle Eastern restaurants.So one could imagine how disappointing it was to land in Charlotte 5 years ago only to find there weren't any really good Middle Eastern restaurants.  (Or if there were, they certainly weren't anywhere near me.)I had the opportunity to try Zeitouni last week.  Would have loved for this to be more of a sit-down, waiter service place where I could comfortably stay for a while in a booth and have rounds of food brought to me.  But no big deal.  Ordering at the counter was easy and the staff was friendly.  The food is prepared right in front of your eyes so you can see that it is made to order and fresh.  My meal took maybe 10 minutes and was hot, fresh and...DELICIOUS!I ordered a falafel sandwich combo that included a drink and a side of hummus.  In addition I ordered a greek salad.  The falafel was cooked to perfection. Not mushy or overdone.  Simply perfect.  And the tanhini was applied judiciously, adding some nice nutty flavor to the dish without dripping all over my hands.  The hummus was rich and creamy (perhaps not as much garlic as I like), but just so FRESH.  And the salad was great.  An abundance of crumbled feta cheese and a really wonderful dressing on top of fresh lettuce and green pepper.  I will definitely be back.
5	Amazing food. You have to try this place. The falafel platter was cooked to perfection. The chicken shawarma was full of flavor.  For dessert, the baklava is not overly sweet.
5	Great prices and great execution. A solo friendly cook/server/owner? was taking care of all the guest and to go orders. Impressive. The decor could use a face lift and the color on the menus was less appealing, but that didn't matter compared to the taste of the food.
4	This restaurant is cozy with just enough seating at times. When walking in we were greeted with a smile and given ample time to order. We ordered two chicken kabob sandwhiches which came out great. The pita was perfectly warmed and seemed to be crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. We also had a chance to try the falafal which I definitely was a bit overdone but still veryyyy good. The dipping sauce is tasty and I'll definitely be back!
