5	I love Etch Salon - conveniently located in Kierland Commons - close to restaurants, bars and shopping!! A full service salon with everything that you need - including all of your best care products as well.Thomy does my hair - and lets face it....trusting someone to your hair is right up there with trusting your gynecologist!!
4	This used to be my salon of choice until I began spending more time in Chandler and decided it was time to go elsewhere.  My best friend gets her cut and color done there now, and loves it - see Janelle!  I used to just get a haircut, but always had an enjoyable experience...and recommend it to friend's new to town and looking for a hair stylist.  To be honest, one of my favorite things about getting my hair done there was people watching and checking out what all the stylists are wearing.....they are always trendy and cute.   Prices are average - $60 for a hair cut.
4	I've found my new Diva-Heaven and it's aesthetician Goddess is Lacey. First of all, they were able to fit me in after I missed my previous appointment at a cheesier day spa {thank u! thank u! thank u!}And then I spent a great hour with one of the most personable & thorough aestheticians that I've ever held my leg in the air for: Lacey C. Not only were hands lightening fast...she ensured that no strays were left behind!! If you find yourself having a Chupacabra moment... don't hesitate to make an appointment with Ms L.  You won't be disappointed.
4	I have been going to a genius stylist for about 5 years now, but she's been traveling so much recently that I was forced to see someone new for my last appointment.  I've driven past Etch at Kierland Commons dozens of times, and have recently had a couple of friends try them out with fairly decent results. I prefer to have my hair colored and cut by the same person, and they were happy to accommodate. However, I believe that they normally schedule a separate stylist, colorist, assistant, etc.  My appointment was with Janine, who had her work cut out for her when I went in - my hair was about 8 inches longer than it needed to be and my roots had started taking over. I was a little nervous to have my long hair cut drastically short by someone I hadn't been to before, but she did a fantastic job, and did so with very little instruction/guidance. The color was perfect and I couldn't have asked for a better cut. I really enjoyed the salon. It is clean, edgy and appears to have all of the latest and greatest hair styling toys. The entire experience ran me $170, which is more than i typically pay, but I think it is a competitive price for the area. The salon is open late and on weekends, which is very convenient. I will definitely return. **I should also mention that another friend of mine, Fuzzy (called that because of his fuzzy hair), who has had his hair cut by the same barber since he was 6 years old, was recently given an extreme-hair-makeover by Ryan.  Ryan not only proved his genius status by seriously updating his look, but was very friendly along the way and patiently showed Fuzzy how to keep up his style after he left the salon. Great experiences all-around.
2	Good hair cut but the people their act like their better then the rest of the universe. I dont appreciate going to places where I am paying good money to feel bad about the way I look. Way to pricey.85 dollars for a haircut! yeh right.
4	Went to a nail salon close to where I work for gels...they were thick, uneven and the lack of quality just may have been due to the manicurist taking calls while she was doing my nails.  A friend whose nails always look really nice recommended Yen at Etch.  WOW!  Like night and day.  Of course the fill was more expensice $45, but this is DEFINITELY a case of you get what you pay for.  They look so natural - great color, shape, length - AND THEY'RE THIN AND EVEN!!!!  adn let me just add this - she did all this in a shorter time than normal because I had booked an appointment for something else.  Really good job - and I wasn't exhausted from too much chatting.  Sometimes I just want to relax.  No problem here! Oh, and she also does color gels (and pedicures, which I will try next!).
5	Oh MY gosh! I just came back from the most glorious hair and cut experience ever!  Ashley, did the most amazing job on my very thick, curly hair.  I finally found a stylist who can manage curly hair, they are hard to come by!  Thanks, Ashley, you are the best, I will absolutely be back.
1	This place blows like a con-air. Everyone has an expensive stick up their ass ( that they bought on credit and now cannot afford to pay for), not to mention terrible personal style...why would I trust Ricky Martin with the white pants and Ed Hardy fedora to touch MY style? The only thing going for this etch-a-sketchy is the shampoo girl, she gotz long nailz...i mean fingerz.
5	ASHLEY, Really, every time?  Today I just went in for a trim and decided to have her blow my very curly hair straight.  Ashley is absolutely adorable, (and I am not holding that against her)!  I love that she is able to listen to what I want.  I love that she understands that I actually know my hair better than anyone.  I also love that she always stresses that if there is something i don't like, she promises to get me right back in to fix it.  If you are looking for a new stylist...pick up your phone and call her NOW before the rest of Scottsdale finds out about her...won't be long now.
5	I will be honest... this salon is a little more expensive than others but you really get your moneys worth.  I've been to several other high end salons in Phoenix but Etch hits the mark.  I'm definitely going back!  I went to Ashely (thanks to Patti's recommendation below) and I agree, she is adorable!  I went in needing some highlights and a trim and once I saw her (Ashely's) hair I said, "I want your hair!" and she did it!  I love my hair and my boyfriend agrees that sometimes a girl just needs to spend a little more to feel beautiful and Ashely did just that.  I went from dishwater blonde to Kate Hudson golden and I love it!  If you are looking to go blonde see Ashley!
5	I hate going to the beauty salon, I go only 3 times per year...but ONLY to Etch salon and ONLY to Ray!If you need a hairdo, go to Etch Salon, they really know what they are doing. It's a bit pricy, but it is worth every penny!!!Fun people, really fun people! Clean, friendly and very professional!
4	I just went to Etch salon to get my hair cut. It was my first time going in there and I can say I've never had a better hair cut than the one I just got. I went in there not knowing how I wanted to get it cut, so my stylist Ashley said to me let me just try something new so I said ok. I'm usually not one for trying new thing but I'm glad I did. After she cut my hair she washed it out and gave me the best relaxing head massage that about put me to sleep. If you want the best quality for your money you better go and make an appointment with Ashley I am for sure going to go see her again!!
5	David is great. He has cut my hair for 4 years. I moved away but still fly in to see him.
5	Lynn Felix is AMAZING!  She has been cutting/styling my hair for the past two years. I have tried numerous salons (all price ranges), and there isn't anyone who has come close to her expertise, sense of style, professionalism and friendliness.  Do yourself a favor.  Call Lynn today!  You will be very happy.
1	I've had to go back now twice in 5 weeks for a terrible cut and a perm that did not work.  After consultation with the stylist I explained my hair doesn't take perms easily.  Instead of listening to me, she proceeded to leave the solution in my hair for 45 minutes, and only after I complained about it burning my scalp did she have her assistant rinse and neutralize my hair.  She was rude and unprofessional.  She has also told me to not come back even though the issue was her fault.  I suggest skipping Etch.  Scottsdale has many more salons to offer.
5	As a referral from Janice Hurley-Trailor, Brooke did my hair at this salon, and I loved it.  The color changed and so did the style, as a result of a makeover directed by Ms. Hurley-Trailor, and for my hair--via a consultation with Janice & Brooke.  (I gave my permission to take full liberty in the change).The result was dramatic and different, and though it's been since Dec 14, I get compliments almost everyday on my hair (and other aspects of Janice's change).I love the hair.  With thin fine hair, I didn't think it could be styled the way it is, or that I would like a shorter length.  But it looks great and is pretty easy for me to style and maintain also--these latter are just as important as how it looks and falls.  The cut and color are fantastic, and I treated very well all during the event.  And event it was!  Thank you Brook, and to Janice Hurley-Trailor for the exceptional referral and make-over.
5	I had a fabulous experience with the lovely Paige at Etch Salon this past Sunday.  How convenient that the joint is open on a Sunday!  I arrived and was warmly greeted by the nicest receptionist with such a sunny disposition.  When it was my turn in the chair, Paige and I discussed in length how to address my mop.  We agreed on a very-overdue cut, serious grey-coverage color and she also suggested some caramel highlights to "show off the cut."  I knew we were on the same page from the start and that allowed me to relax and enjoy the service and conversation :)  The salon is gorgeous-clean and modern.  Paige is patient, gentle and a very talented stylist!  My hair looks and feels fabulous and I got so many compliments at work today!
5	I really look forward to my appointment @ Etch every time. My stylist Ashley has given me the best hair cuts I've had to date. I have tried a handful of places over the recent years, some of which where good but I really like precision and care Ashley takes. Secondly, the rest of the staff is so friendly, it really makes for a comfortable and enjoyable experience. I would highly recommend Etch and specifically Ashley. She's detail oriented and not only has given me a great cut time after time but my friends who see her as well.
5	I've been going to Lynn Felix at Etch from the time the salon opened about 10 years ago.  The salon is modern,  clean and I am always treated nicely by the front desk staff, but Lynn is the only reason I go there.  She used to own her own salon and her years and years of experience has made going to get my hair cut and colored a relaxing experience instead of an hour of nail biting terror waiting to see if I like the results!   She never cuts more than I ask and when I went to her for highlights, the first time ever, I was even more impressed by her.  She is a true hair professional.   She has her own curly hair so she knows how to cut curly hair to look great when you want to wear it straight or curly, and that's not an easy thing to do.  If you are looking for a hair stylist who knows what she is doing, is fast, professional then you have to look no further.  The only problem with Etch has nothing to do with Lynn or the salon itself, is the parking during season.  The parking lot where Etch is located is small to begin with and a Valet station has taken two whole rows closest to the salon for it's own use.  The problem is the area is blocked off but there is never anyone at the Valet station.  So if you can't valet the car and you try to find a space during season, especially on Saturdays (any time of the year) you are forced to drive around for several, and I mean five to ten minutes or go into the parking garage which will result in a little walk so bring comfy shoes.   I think the Valet should park the cars in the garage and let the lot be for self parkers.   It makes no sense to take up the spaces 20 feet from the salon, where a client can easily walk, to make things easier for the valet.
5	Jennifer Lynn has been my hair dresser and my kids hair dresser for years now.  She is very talented with cutting and coloring and always gives my whole family a great new do.. The salon is in a great location at Kierland also...
5	I got a referral for Lynn Felix...........I have not even been to her yet but based on the referral, her hair cut Was AMAZING!   you could see the difference and the skill!Can't wait to see what Lynn does with my hair!   LOL
5	I have only used Kristen for my skin services!! I thought My acne was never going to go away, and it was even hard for me to be seen in public at times because of how bad my skin was, but I highly reccomend her! She is an acne specialist, and she KNOWS what she is doing! If you are fed up with your bad skin, go see her seriously she won't disappoint!
5	Just one word:  Ellie.  Ellie Davis is a genius with color and hair.  I never tell her what to do, just like I would not tell any artist what to do.  And the result is stunning.  People stop me on the street to ask who does my hair.  My husband loves it.  I get my roots done once a month, and Ellie does highlights, lowlights, and haircuts as she deems necessary.  She is not a diva; that's just how much I trust her.  Book early as Ellie is one busy lady.  You will be glad you put your hair in her capable hands.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! I used to drive to south scottsdale and paid well over $250 for a cut and foil for my long, thick dark hair. I decided to try Etch b/c of location. I called and asked for a stylist who is great with coloring dark hair. Think kardashian dark...Well they set me up with TYLER BUSH and WOW! Tyler did an amazing ombre on my hair and I get stopped all the time with compliments. It is gorgeous! He is always up to date with styles and I trust him so much now that I sit in the chair and let him do his MAGIC!
5	Moved here from LA after seeing the same colorist for over 7 years. I was terrified to try someone new after so long with the same person and I have found the transition easy, stress free and been happy with the results here. Both Ryan and Tyler have done a great job on my hair. Ryan is a great colorist, stylist and Tyler also does great updos. Really nice guys too.  Great location and great selection of products. Almost a year now and never anything but good experiences here. I highly recommend.
5	I can't believe I've lived here for over 4 years and just discovered this place!  There are so many great things about this salon.1.  It's like a club!  Great music (Kaskade radio?) and a very upbeat atmosphere.  This place is so much more fun than a typical salon.2.  VERY reasonably-priced.  It's a nice Scottsdale salon so still expect to pay a premium, but I was very pleasantly surprised when I left after a full cut and color in under $200 of damage. 3.  Kyle - hair NINJA.  Seriously his hands are fast like a samurai, and I was out an hour less than I'd planned for - AMAZING.  Oh and he's gorgeous and made my hair look almost as good as his.Best salon I've been to in Phoenix - period.
5	I posted previously about Etch and hairdresser/magician/artist Ellie Davis. Like any artist I respect, I let her do her own thing. My hair has never looked better. People stop me in the street to ask me who does my hair. My husband loves it. And it's all Ellie because I do nothing to my hair when I get out of the shower except comb it straight back. On a cold day, I'll point a blow dryer at it. Ellie understands my no fuss needs and my hair looks fabulous all the time.
5	Erica did my nails for the first time and I LOVE them and her! Also they are holding up so much better than I am used to which is an extra bonus. You've got to go see her!
5	I had a great experience at Etch Salon! The facility is beautiful and it is in a great location (in Keirland Commons). Jillian is amazing and gave me a beautiful haircut! I was making a dramatic change and showed her two pictures of what I wanted and she did it perfectly! I would not only recommend the salon but if you need a new stylist, Jillian is wonderful!
5	I hopped around from salon to salon for a while when I moved out to Scottsdale and though it took a while, I FINALLY found someone to match my extremely picky needs.  I see Brooke on a regular basis and she is awesome.  She is incredibly talented, extremely consistent, very reliable, and she makes me (and I am sure all of her clients) comfortable knowing that I will always get a great result.Etch, as an establishment, is great. Cool atmosphere, nice people and an all around great experience at a reasonable cost.Highly recommend Brooke and the salon as a whole.
5	I am in love with Etch Salon. I go to Jillian and have recommended everyone to her! The salon is clean and trendy and they just did a remodel. Jillian is the sweetest person and absolutely fantastic at what she does. For me alone she has done extensions, lightened my hair considerably and most recently took me really dark! She cares about the quality of her work so if its not perfect, its not done. Everyone at Etch Salon is friendly! I recommend this salon to everyone and especially Jillian! You will not regret it.
5	I can't say enough how brilliant Ellie is with my extensions and my color! I've been to a lot of places and she was so honest with what my hair was able to handle . It's very fragile and has been compromised by other salons. She was so patient with my concerns . Class act. !! Thank you do much .. My hair has never looked so natural with extensions!!!
5	I just had to write a review on Jamie at Etch Salon. First of all I want to say that Etch Salon is a very modern and up to date establishment. Their training is impeccable. I came in with a botched haircut from another establishment. Jamie is a fabulous hairstylist and colorist and completely transformed me. She is so sweet and explained things to me about my hair that I never knew. She walked me through the haircut and showed me how to style it without even using a brush! I loved the Aquage products she used on my hair, especially the sea salt spray that gave me texture without waxes that way down my hair. You can really tell that Jamie loves her work and gives her all to her clients. I have never been so happy or excited to find a stylist with such talent. Thanks Jamie, I will never go anywhere else!!!!!
5	Been around the world and I, I , I, I can't get a good hair color. But no seriously, I've lived in several cities and been to several hair stylists and I honestly just thought my hair turned orange after awhile. And the best that my hair color could get is close enough to what I described. For my 21st birthday a friend of mine made an appointment for me to get by hair colored by J-Lo's personal hair colorist. I mean...seriously, J-LO!! and it was nice but I wasn't about to pay $300.00 and over just to dye my hair every three months.So I just came to terms that my hair would never be as FABULOUS as I would like. Until....one day my regular stylist moved away and due to a deep in the economy he went to Cost Cutters. COST CUTTERS!!!, no....hell no. I tend to be pretty loyal to people who take care of me but I will not go take a freakin number to get a hair cut. My husband might think that's acceptable but not me. Then one day, I just happen to ask my friend Karolina where she gets her hair done. My roots where growing out and I was starting to look like Carrot Top just got Homre done to his hair. I randomly made an appointment with ETCH with the first stylist available. They told me I would be getting my hair colored and cut by Lindsey.When I came to ETCH I went into overload. I wasn't sure what to think or say when I first walked in. It was like accidentally stumbling back stage at a New York Fashion show. Everyone was either young, hip or incredibly well dress or all three. Most of them all three. I instantly wished I had a hat to hide my horrible hair, but you know I'm not one to cower before greatness so I held my head high and cool and casually checked myself in and asked for water. Cause that's what I do at establishments that intimidate me, I ask for water.Fast forward about 2 hours later because I'm getting tired of typing already- I had asked Lindsey (jokingly) to make me look like Mila Kunis. And I'm not saying people would run up to me for an autograph but it's as close as it gets sister. My hair was just absolutely beyond what I wanted. And the best thing was, I had no idea why I was intimidated. Lindsey was funny, warm, welcoming and she actually listened to what i wanted and did it. I have never, nor will I ever go to anyone else to get my hair done. And if Lindsey for some reason were to move well then I would have to stalk her...you think I'm kidding....I'm not.Now remember you get what you paid for so don't  wander in here thinking this is Cost Cutters. A cut and a dye will set you back a buck and a half but considering the perfection that will be you afterwards. IF YOU CAN AFFORD TO GO HERE AND YOU DON'T THEN YOU'RE CRAZY...that is all.
5	This was my first time to this salon and I was a little nervous a my last few haircuts have been nothing short of disastrous. I needn't have worried, with Antonio I was in very good hands. He immediately understood my hair and what would suit my face white remaining realistic about what I could achieve with my baby fine hair. He was professional, honest, a very skilled haircutter and a fun and easy conversationalist. Prices are reasonable. Salon is beautiful-a hidden gem. I left very happy and will return!
5	Been going since they opened. Stacey is truly an amazing colorist, stylist, etc. Jack is also a truly talented stylist! The ambiance is great as well. Always clean and timely and haven't had a bad experience in the many years I've been going.
5	I just got my hair cut & colored by Ashley.  I highly recommend her.  They're a bit expensive, but worth every penny.  I'm so happy I found Etch...happier I found Ashley.
5	Ryan McKinley is a color genius and stylist extraordinaire. When I first moved to AZ five years ago, it was difficult to find someone who knew how to replicate what my stylist did in Michigan. I went to various salons and left unhappy. I found Etch (b/c they carried Kerastase products) and was elated that they were only two minutes from home. I explained that I wanted their best colorist, and so they booked me with Ryan. I remember the receptionist saying, "He does the owner's color..." and that was enough for me. My first appt in his chair...and he nailed it! I'm not a hair expert, so when he asked me what I wanted done, I didn't know what to tell him. My roots were growing out, and my hair had undergone so many different processes (I'm asian, so my hair went from black to blonde with highlights)...it was all kinds of blondes/caramels. So he combed his fingers through my hair, examining it....and a couple hours later, VOILA! He replicated what my stylist in MI had done! I had found my stylist! Five years later, I'm still with Ryan and it's because of his skills that I get to rock this mop!  As much as it's been through (from blonde highlights to really blonde, to lowlights), my hair is so healthy! Every time I get up from his chair, I think he's achieved my favorite color yet...until next time I see him! Haha! Aside from that, I ALWAYS leave Etch feeling fabulous! Ryan has a way of styling my hair and making me feel like celebrity. Even if I request a simple blowout, I get a glamorous, sexy style! Or if I'm going out, he'll make it big & voluminous (and sexy)! For New Year's Eve, I even rocked a faux hawk! For an interview, he curled it with a flat iron! (Yes, I got the job!) I have a blast when I sit in his chair! He makes the appt so much fun! I highly recommend booking Ryan! It'll be one of the best investments you'll ever make! PS. He also makes great restaurant recommendations!
4	I got one of my best haircuts of my life at ETCH! I highly recommend. They seem to only employ very high-end beauticians, and I appreciate that level of service. They also offer free bang trims once you've had your hair cut there before.
