5	Weeee! You have to love Broadway :) And this show is hands down amazing! These guys met at Phantom here in Vegas and after it closed started up their own group. Each guy has his own show that he performs songs from, and they all tell you about their background in music and their life.If you like oldies, this is for you. If you like Broadway hits, this is for you. If you like live music period, so for you. These guys give it their all and you can feel it in their voices. Take the trip downtown to see them, you won't regret it!
5	This is an amazing vocal performance. The intimate setting makes the show special. The men all have powerful voices. They blend in famous tunes from Broadway along with their own witty songs. I've never been so close to very, very, good singers and it is a real treat. I recommend this show to anyone who appreciates artists that are experts at what they do.
5	Was able to see this show Last Saturday (Four of our friends had seen the show before and raved about it). We kept "thinking about it", finally made up our mind and it is FANTASTIC!!!!!!! Please make sure that you go and see this GEM. The songs, voices, demeanor, ease, it is just GREAT!!!! I listened, closed my eyes and the next thing it was over. What a delight.
5	The show has been described in detail by many previous reviewers so it's hard to add any more accolades. We thoroughly enjoyed the talents of all 4 performers.  The mix of song and life experiences was a nice combination.It was great to experience such top notch talent at far less than most other live performances around town.Hope they can find a long term home in Las Vegas. Purchase their CD and help support the homeless.
4	I got an invite on their very last night. They told us they got an offer somewhere else, I forget where so Google them if you still want to see this show.Show's not bad except that I wasn't familiar with any of them. So I recommend this show for people who are fans of the actual actors then you'll love this. The each talk about their own personal history which is really cool, so you'll get to know they even better. And after the show like true showmanship, they'll hang out after the show to meet fans and anyone from the audience.
2	Their voices are truly amazing.  However the show itself is not good and drags on entirely to long.  These are very talented people but producers and/ or directors they are not.  We got the tickets for free.  I would have been very upset if we had paid money for this.
