4	Great custards!!! Ah their rootbeer floats are amazing. So simple but so good! The food is good quality, pretty tasty when you're hungry but not anything extraordinary. Nielsen's has a very wholesome, kinda 60's retro feel. The restaurant was clean, and the high-school age employees were attentive and polite if not very experienced.The last time I visited, I ordered a vegetarian grinder and the waitress asked me if I'd like the "finer things in life" on it. I said yes. Turns out the finer things in life are slices of warm turkey breast meat. Little surprising for a vegetarian sandwich, but a good surprise! I would definitely recommend at least trying it out!
4	I love this place, great custard, sandwiches, and soups. I fiftys diner feel inside this small little custard shop has big taste. Dont eat dinner before you come here for desert. There sandwiches are top notch. The freshest bread you can get. Their pepper relish could be the best thing you can add to a great sandwich. Then to follow it with frozen custard which will make you forget about ice cream or frozen yogurt. Must try in my book. Heaven is a hide away on baseline.
5	I love Nielsen's! Both locations are very nice. The food is good quality and the employees seem very efficient and industrious. I love the "Finer Things" sandwich.An aside (which does not affect my rating): Many of the people here don't control their children - almost every time I have gone to either Nielsen's there are kids going crazy. It's worth it for the food though!
2	I've heard so much about this place so the family and I decided to try it out.First off - for someone who has never been there before it was very confusing - the menu board did not make sense - so after asking the counter help what to do they sort of looked at us like we were from another planet. I'm sure if I had gone with someone who knew what to get I probably would have been a little more pleased. What I ended up with wasn't that good, which was very basic - custard with some kind of flavoring on it.I'm willing to try it out again, but my wife said she would never return.
5	Ok. Health Scale goes out the window. We're Talking about dessert!  Custard is so much yummier than ice cream. If you've never had it it's time for a new experience. I love custard!
1	Went here to try them out after Sai Wan Bistro. Walked in to the store and there was no one in the store. No customers, no staff to be seen anywhere? Waited a couple of minutes and walked out. I'll bet the owner wonders why his business is in the toilet. As we left, we drove behind the building and the "staff" was outside smoking and texting. To the Owner: Please notify the bankruptcy court of you soon to be filed application.
4	I've been going here for more than ten years. Its gone down in time, it used to be amazing, now its just pretty good.We live on the west side now, so its always a treat when we end up on this side of town to eat here for lunch. Its generally pretty quiet, to the point that we're usually the only ones there. I get the vegetarian sandwich, and my girlfriend gets the pastrami. I love mine, sprouts, lettuce, avacado, and cream cheese. She said the pastrami was pretty good, not the best she's ever had, but still better than average. Their custards are still a good selection. The service was OK, the teenagers there were a bit slow, especially the boy working who was completely apathetic and lacked any personality.I miss that they used to offer a variety of breads to choose from for your sandwich, now its all hoagie rolls. The no longer offer iced tea as a drink option either, which is just strange. This sucks if you don't drink soda.
5	Just thought I'd help some customers out.I've worked here for almost 2 years now and what i notice is the thing that deters people the most is the price. So i thoght I'd help you guys out. For most basic custard without a topping, so like a single vanilla will run you around $2.13. Not that bad, but if you were to get 4 for eexample that'd be around $8.50. If we were to serve perfectly each time, 4 single scoops would be a pint which we actually do sell for around $5.06. If you dont mind sharing a cup and just using 4 spoons. But if you want some topping and a decent amount of custard which im sure you do. You will want to order the not so much ordered BANANA SPLIT! For $4.99 plus tax you get 3 scoops of custard,your choice, a banana (of course), 2 toppings, and a nut. That beats any custard item on our menu besides our Concrete which is also very good.Now for the Grinders. There isn't really a way around the price besides getting a job here and getting an employee discount. but let me tell you THEY ARE WORTH IT!With fresh cut deli meats, fresh bread made from a recipe passed through generations, and their DELICIOUS and often misinterpeted pepper relish. These sandwhiches AKA Grinders are the best I've ever had. Although everyone has their preferences my favorite which is mostly customized is "The Finer Turkey Bacon Melt Thingy!" (not on menu). which is a grinder with; turkey, bacon, avacado, cream cheese, swiss or provolgne cheese, Xtra Xtra pepper relish, and the other grinder things such as; lettuce, mayo, onion, tomato, and etc. If you were to order this it'd be pretty pricey but if you are prepared to have the most delicious sandwhich of your LIFE! Then you should try it. Ask Nick to make it, he knows how it's done!(additional notes: The Ownership was changed about 2 years ago and there has been some changes, There is no longer any soup. Sorry. Also i've been told that there was a menu with different combinations for custard, which we do not have, but we do have a large list of topping that you can choose from and virtually make any flavor your heart desires.)Come check us out our number is 480-981-6368 and we are on the South-west corner of Power and Baseline. I'd say we are a bit hard to find but don't give up we are just around the corner of GoodWill facing Baseline.
