3	i have been to a few panera bread places and this one seemed par for the course. the employees were all helpful but fairly detached. panera's food is one step up from fast food and it prices its food accordingly. they were out of everything bagels. place was clean. parking was ok. busy restaurant but not too crowded.i would probably only go back if i had a gift card (like i did this past time).
3	Used to visit here more in the past then I do now. Food and service have always been good to me so I'll be back again.
4	Review for lunch:For what it is, panera (and particularly this panera) gets 5 stars from me. The wait times are almost nonexistent. The food was worth the price. To me, a lot of what makes a great sandwich great is the bread; and the freshly baked bread I got on my chicken salad sandwich was superb. The chicken salad itself was excellent as well. Ill be coming back for lunch.
3	I grabbed a Thai Chicken Salad to go for lunch and it was pretty tasty. It has grilled chicken, romaine, crushed thai cashews, fire-roasted edamame, red peppers, carrots, fresh cilantro & wonton strips and is lightly drizzled with peanut sauce.  They serve it with a side of low-fat Thai Chili Vinaigrette which had a bit of a twang.  Unfortunately, I couldn't resist getting a delicious cookie - toffee crunch...yum-yum!  (I had to save half for later since it is a ginormous cookie!)Assuming that the nutritional info on their website is correct, this is a better option than most "fast-food" salads. However, I must admit that I was afraid to look at the nutritional info on the giganta-cookie!EDIT: ok, it was killing me, so I had to go back & check the nutrional value of the cookie - 444 calories & 23 grams of fat!!!!! Holy Scheisse! By comparison - the entire salad including the wontons & dressing & peanut drizzle was 390 calories and 15 grams of fat. Not bad for the salad, but next time, I'll definitely have to skip the cookie!
4	Came here at 11am. No line. Trainees were competent, and friendly. Hard to enter if coming east on Highway 51Nice fireplace too, with plenty of recycled newspapers
4	Who isn't a fan of Panera? If you're not, we can't be friends. I'm not usually a fan of pre made food, but they do it right here. I love their soups and sandwiches and enjoy the seasonal salads. I go here often for the everything bagel with veggie cream cheese and who can resist the sweet treats that stare you down as you're trying to order something half way healthy. I've never had a bad meal here!
4	Good food and service like any other Panera I've been to.  But, this place is in serious need of a deep cleaning. Heavy dust hanging on light fixtures, greasy finger prints all over the furniture and fixtures, threadbare carpet, etc.
4	Panera is my "go-to" lunch spot.No matter what I'm craving, sweets, bagels, smoothies, sandwiches, salad or soup it's here....perfect!!I'm a total fan of  the "You Pick 2". I almost always get it when I visit and I leave full and happy. And how awesome is it that you can add a bakery treat for $.99...whoo hoo!So I was here a little after 2pm, there were a few people ahead of me but it didn't bother me since it gave me time to drool over the desserts, muffins, scones and cookies. My cashier was awesome, very funny and perky. She was a great employee to have and excellent customer service. I decided to keep in simple today, nothing new just one of my usuals the Sierra turkey sandwich which has turkey breast, chipotle mayonnaise, field greens, red onions on asiago Cheese Focaccia and the Greek salad which has Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, feta cheese, peperoncini, red onions, olives, pepper and Greek dressing.The asiago cheese focaccia is heavely...I would eat this bread all day if I could...it's so freaking good. But I digress, the sandwich was great, I love the chipotle mayo mixed with the field greens and focaccia...such a great combination of flavors. The salad was delicious too, I'm really like the combination of the feta cheese, dressing and peperoncini and that crisp romaine lettuce....Mmmmm For dessert I picked the cinnamon roll...O M G....even though I was stuffed, I actually managed to have one bite after my lunch and it was yummy! I'm saving the rest for tomorrow morning with a cup of coffee...Mmmm I can't wait! I'm just such a huge fan of this place, I love the food and the combinations of flavors. I mean really, what is there not to love about Panera???Seriously, delicious food...good service at this place. Will definitely go back!
5	I wavered between 4 and 5 stars, but the food last night was either REALLY good or I was just REALLY hungry (we'll go with really good food).Located at the very busy intersection of Hwy 51 (Pineville-Matthews Rd - we like to double name our streets here in Charlotte and then randomly change the name mid-street with no warning) and Carmel Rd, I had previously only stopped at this Panera in the morning for meeting-related treats and they did a fabulous job at that.  Their online ordering system, allowing me to not have to speak to a human, was awesome.  At the time I did the order, I needed the same thing for 3 consecutive days and their system would not allow this, it kept telling me I was doing a duplicate order, but we got that straightened out.  Many bagels and pastries (you can have them pre-slice the bagels for easier serving) put on typical catering trays with a clear plastic lid - everyone very much enjoyed everything and there were only crumbs left each day.  The carryout for the meetings was first class and on time with plates, napkins, utensils and such which kept me from making another stop for these things.  Last night I stopped for dinner after reading their menu online and seeing their great soup selection and a grilled cheese sandwich with BACON.  Cheese and bacon?  Sign me up!  I did their choose 2 where you can get half of a sandwich and a cup of soup.  You order and are then given a red vibrating buzzer to let you know when your food is ready.The food: Big kid grilled cheese:  Gruyere, Vermont White Cheddar, organic sliced American cheese and Applewood- Smoked Bacon grilled on White Miche. Deeeeeelicious!  Served while the cheese was still gooey and the bread still warm, this was YUM-MY. Broccoli and cheddar soup:  Thick and creamy and loaded with broccoli and small pieces of carrot.  Served very hot with a soup spoon (it's the simple things that make me happy).  Cherry pastry (danish-ish):  So good, so very good.  A flaky pastry with a well filled with a cream cheesy first layer, then topped with cherry filling and then drizzled with a light, white icing.  Deliciously satisfying treat that wasn't over sweet, perfect balance of everything really and served in it's own small pastry box in case I needed to take it to go (I did not...).Drinks:  Serve yourself Pepsi products.  Bleh.  But they did have tea, root beer and fruit punch.It's a pickup and bus your own table place with lots of seating.  Booths, tables and chairs and even comfy chairs for those who want to sip and stay a while.  Free wifi that I easily got onto with my Kindle Fire.  I will definitely be back.
1	Just used the "fast order" and took over 15 minutes to get two hot chocolates. When we asked the manager where the second one was he gave us total attitude. Rude!!!!! Visit another panera!
4	It's Panera so you get a great coffee and quite the selection of bread and pastries. Dark and light roast coffee selections with the brew time right on the outside of the carafe so you know what's fresh. The apple crunch muffin was very good and enough for breakfast. Lots of high schoolers in here after Charlotte Catholic lets out
3	Their menu is very limited when you are going for gluten free. You can either have a salad, one or 2 soups, and oh, another salad.  Basically you must like you're veggies order to eat here.My favorite is the Fuji Apple salad, every thing is gf on that, so no subs are needed.  Their creamy tomato soup with out croutons is very good, I can eat that all day (and gain ten pounds while doing it for it is very high in calories).  Also if you are there on a day they have black bean that is also a gluten free soup.If you are looking for sandwiches, Jason's deli is the place to go even though they just use udi's bread, but still it's a start.  One day I would like to see Panera to offer gf bread even if it is store bought.
2	Waited over 10 minutes for a toasted bagel. Finally had to ask for it. It was cold and nobody cared or apologized. The excuse was someone was in break.  Won't return for awhile
1	I've only been to Panera Bread twice in my life. The first time I'd only been in the United States a week. I ordered a chicken noodle soup, which was so bad I couldn't finish it. I never went back to any Panera till five years later. Last time my wife didn't feel like cooking and so on our way home we saw the Panera Bread sign and pulled in. I ordered a Mediterranean chicken flatbread sandwich. I couldn't get past the first bite. It was dry, looked unappetizing and... there was hardly any chicken in it. Needless to say, I won't be back.
