4	Walking into SoBo Loft for the first time you may feel like you've been here before, but you know you're on South and not Central, and there's something just a little different going on here. Many of the items are still tagged "green with envy", but a lot of new things aren't, and that's what sets the Green's new retail store apart.Not Made in China? check. Local jewelry artists? check. Home decor and food items? check. There's also a small childrens/baby section, home office and stationary, and art for sale on the walls. But I definitely never drooled over the clothing and jewelry pieces before. Plus, the fact there were even more fantastic pieces behind the counter that hadn't been priced yet let me know more good things were to come, and I plan on checking back in soon.The loft is on the second floor of the building that faces the Liberty, in the space closest to the street. And although we didn't get into details, I understood that Green with Envy is still open, but this is the Green's (smaller) new home.
4	Cuuuuute! Sobo Loft, the new venture from the original owners of Green With Envy, is fully stocked with loads of gifty items. The pretty loft space (next to Pewter Rose) features a nice array of locally made jewelry (with some particularly awesome vintage upcycled button rings and bronze crown cuffs), a bit of clothing, great looking clutches and bags from Hobo and Latico, kitchen stuffs, funny buttons, baby gear and more. So, yeah, if you need a gift of any kind (or for yourself, natch), this is a great spot to check out!The owners are very sweet and are happy to tell you more about each line - especially the locally made goods! I was really impressed with both the variety and selection of everything here. One random favorite item? Cocktail napkins with an image of a older woman from the '60s on the phone with the following saying, "Hello, vodka, it's mommy calling!" Damn right.
4	Looking for a gift for those that are hard to buy for?  Check out Sobo Loft!  Sobo Loft is a cute little gift boutique located next to Pewter Rose on South Blvd.After shopping numerous times at "green with envy" I thought I better stop in and see what they have to offer.  Jewelry, glassware, women's clothing, funny cards, unique purses, wine stoppers and so much more.  I was able to put a pretty special gift together for my dads 60th bday that I knew he would love   So when you know you have to buy a gift for that person that has everything remember Sobo Loft you will not be disappointed!
4	Neat place in the former tutto mundo lounge space. Have great gifts and trinkets if you're looking for someone that's hard to buy for or you don't know what to get. Reminiscent of urban outfitters or paper skyscraper. Staff was friendly and attentive. Hours are a little tight, check before going--I first tried on a Sunday and they're closed then.
4	Such a cute boutique! Located on the top floor of a small strip mall, this place has a ton of cute finds. They have items ranging from clothing, jewelry, decor, toys, stationary, etc. The prices range from inexpensive to expensive. I picked up a toy for my son and daughter that were very unique and cute. The only annoying thing was that I felt like I was interrupting the employees when I had questions. They were in the middle of wedding planning for the daughter of the owner and were very focused on that.
