4	Yesterday morning as I was leaving for work, the garage door did not open . . . just what I didn't need . . . got to get to work and the car is now stuck in the garage . . . so I Googled garage door service and called three places that said they had 24 hour service . . . Overhead was the only one to answer the phone, and for that matter, the only repair service people I talked to all day.Donnie, the service manager, was great . . got me scheduled and told me that I would be getting a follow up call from the technician when he was on is way to my house, sometime around 11:00 a.m.Here is my only knock to there service and to me it cost them the fifth star . . . the service technician got hung up at the job before mine and even though the office staff knew . . . no one called to alert me.Tommy, the service technician was unbelievable . . . quick, knowledgeable and took the time to access any other possible problems.  He change out two springs, fixed a door strut issue . . . which he did not charge for . . . and now the garage door opens again and has never opened this smoothly or quietly.Would I use Overhead Door again . . . YES . . . problem is , I may never have too.
5	I had 3 quotes over the phone, these guys were the only one to come out and take a look at my opener.  I had to convert from a screw drive to a belt drive and knew it was going to be costly and a pain to deal with in the mean time.  I called late in the day and they sent Adam out the next day.  I was quoted good pricing and had it installed the next day. Adam was a great technician, professional and friendly.  definitely recommend these guys.
1	I wish there was a lower rating than one star. It's 2 days before Christmas and this outfit definitely should be expecting lumps of coal from Santa. Omar the man that made the service call was cordial enough but that is the only nice thing I can write. I explained my problem about an intermittent issue I'd been experiencing with my  garage opener. I was give a barrage of improbable scenarios as to what the problem was; any where from a new board to a stripped worm screw. Ultimately he wanted to up sell me a new opener with a belt drive. Had I not been just been dealt rash of BS, I probably would have opted for the new opener but after having had my suspicions aroused, I pulled out my phone to compare prices. The cost he quoted for the opener was over double of what I found online. I realize everyone deserves a profit but I felt like they were trying to rob me. I asked to pay for the service charge then and there and told him that I was sorry I called his company.  I would have preferred to thrown $83 (cost of the service call) to the wind. I'm confident that it would have made better use of my money.Call Lowes or Home Depot when you have a problem. They don't have repair guys but they do have installers. That is no different than Overhead Door. Just resign yourself to getting a new unit when you have an issue.Merry Christmas!
