5	My husband loves coming here to treat himself to a nice cut and shave! Very clean,modern and experienced barbers. Prices are pretty decent, $18 and $15 for a shave.The most recent trip, the cut took over an hour and the fade wasn't correct, my husband returned and it was fixed very quickly.
5	This was my first time coming here.  Man, it's hard to find a good barbershop in Vegas.  $18 for a basic cut.  The barber did a good job on my haircut.  It just took him  awhile to get started.  I will definitely go back again.
5	Not really close to the house but well worth the drive for a good clean haircut. This is definitely not your Dads barbershop. There are no Nude magazines or a refrigerator filled with beer. Two Flatscreens so you can watch Sports Center. So yes you can bring your Mom to get a haircut. I have been to this business at least a Dozen times now. What brings me back is obviously the great haircuts but the GREAT service. I would like to say that I now call George a friend but he keeps it professional. Get me in and get me out please. I have never had to make an appointment because I am usually waiting for the shop to open and there are usually a few bodies outside waiting for the shop to open. George has been known to take a vacaction or two since I have been going but Ray and Joe can get the job done too. If your on the NW side of town this is the spot to get your cut. Im not familiar with the Lingo of the biz but I know that they do really short haircuts and designs. Not my style but If you want to be styling this is a great place to get a good haircut.
5	Was recommended to this place by someone and I'm glad I went. Being from NYC and having a "regular" barber, I was apprehensive about getting a cut in Vegas. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by George, who told me I was next up. Not bad for not having an appt.. After I explained what I wanted done, I just sat back and let him do his thing. I was very pleased with the outcome, but was expecting a heavy bill due to the fact that George did my fade, goatee, hot lather towel and shave, and even shaped up my eyebrows. When he said $25, I was shocked. I went elsewhere in Vegas and paid $45 for the same svc. I highly recommend this shop to anyone looking for a great cut at a great price!!
5	Fade Kingz is one of my 'goto' barber shops in Vegas. It's a nice relaxed & clean atmosphere to chill  & get cut in.They have some televisions, radio and usually good convo going. There are even some drinks & munchies for purchase.Every time I've came through , walk-in, I've got  up in the chair quick!Not sure how when they take their time cutting like they do.  I'm prob just lucky.Keep up the good work & I'ma keep coming through. :)
1	Went there one time and my hair came out bad I was so embarrassed.
5	Amazing! Okay so I was with the family vacationing in Vegas and my brother got tired of having long hair and wanted to cut it. So I came on yelp and started looking for places, but the ones near us were all closed or super expensive, and then I found this gem. Yea its far from The Strip but so worth the drive. The guy who helped us out is Joseph and wow he is great. Loved the way he took his time with my brother cutting his hair making sure it was even and all, and he even showed him how to style it and what he could do with his style. So I totally recommend this place! Go, sucks we don't live in Vegas to come here more often.
1	Worst barber shop I've been too in a long time. Terrible customer service. Give your money to better people.
5	Walked in at 0900 on a Sunday and got a cut without waiting because of a cancelled appointment. Place is really busy from open to close so I would call ahead and make an appointment. Great haircut with attention to detail for $18.
5	Just got my haircut today. I came in as a walk-in. It was my first time there and I am really happy with the service. All the barbers seem cool. I got my haircut by George. He knew exactly how to cut my hair and style it. When I got there i didn't have to wait long. But as I sat down to get my haircut it kind of got busy. So I would call in for an appointment just in case it were to be busy. Definitely going to be my go to barbershop. Highly recommend it.
5	I took my boys here today everyone was cool this guy came in and was talking with one of the barbers and he talking bad and the barber right away said something to him about taking like that in front of myself and my kids thank you so much not many people have respect like that anymore !!
1	Terrible service, The only.white guy there totally messed up my head with a nasty part look. terrible
5	Showed up 10 mins before opening. Guys were nice enough to let me sit inside until they were ready , and George gave me a really clean looking fade. 10/10 would get cut here again.
1	2 strikes in a row.
5	I called this morning to inquire about bringing in my 2 y/o son for a haircut and the gentleman that answered the phone was very fun and polite and told me to bring him in. Once we arrived we were greeted and George introduced me to my son's barber Kassim. He then asked me how I wanted his haircut and of course I was clueless,  so he gave me some suggestions and went from there. My son was a little apprehensive because this was his 1st haircut but Kassim was very gentle and friendly and starting things off with a high 5. My son sat still (thank God) and kassim was very engaging with his convo and kept asking my son if he was ok. Once we were finished,  he cleaned him off and gave him a sucker(his fav). We will definitely be back. Thanks you guys for taking such good care of my son.
5	Got a cut this morning from George..he hooked it with a tight fade/sidecut and a clean line up. I recommend making an appointment walk-ins seemed busy even at opening. Best thing is they open early on most days.
1	I'm sure you could get a great haircut here if you have the whole day to sit and wait. Way more conversation going on then actual hair cutting. 45 mins of sitting there and only one person got done. AINT NO BODY GOT TIME FOR THAT!
1	Looks like they cut good hair but if the guys don't know you I don't recommend going In. I went as a walk in and sat down waited for about an hour and was never approached. There was other barbers sitting in the back that were doing nothing while customers were waiting to get their haircut.  Wouldn't go back in there after my experience...
5	Just moved to Las Vegas. Found this shop via Yelp. Got a great cut. They do recommend getting an appointment, but Tone was able to take care of me.
2	Got charged $20 for them to cut my 3 year old sons hair.I think I was took advantage of because I am a women going to a barbershop so the barber figured I didn't know the usual prices for children's haircuts.  I've never spent over $13 to get my son's hair cut and he did an OK it wasn't the greatest.
3	Barbershop conversation is never an issue until the barbers neglect the fact that a lot of their customers are professionals and not looking to spend all day at the shop. Otherwise, you will leave with a good cut. Make a reservation if possible.
1	I needed a barbershop in a rush and this place was not too far from my home. I read over the reviews and saw that appointments where needed prior to going, so I called and they said they weren't too busy to just come in it wouldn't take long. I got my hair cut by George and he was real cool had great conversation and all. The only reason my review is a one star review will be for this following reason I waited for over 2 hours for a cut and to be honest it was my first time that I ever felt my race determined who cut my hair the majority of the barbers on the day that i went were mainly black George seemed to be the only Hispanic there I witness people come in left and right and get there cut i waited patiently and had no demands but towards the 2 hour mark it looked like all the appointments had died down i was the only client left sitting in the waiting area and there was a black barber that was available to cut my hair but did he NO he gave George a look like that ones for you and started sweeping the shop didn't even bother to offer to cut my hair first time I swear that i knew my race was a factor in who cut my hair I was shocked even my wife was there and kept nudging me to see if i was going to blow up and go off on the blatant racism but i didn't instead I'll simply give him a one star review and not visit this place again
1	It was nice when it first opened. Barbers done came in and out of there.I had to switch between one other barber to another. Actually, it was the so-called owner or manager that fucked up my head and I am trying to blame me for it. LOL. The one I end up switching with was cool, until  I realize that he was always talking shit about people including myself. Not a place to go if you're non-egotistical person.
