5	This place is so quaint and adorable. Their cases are awesomely stocked with very cool, unique pieces. Most of which, as Im told, are locally produced which makes them even cooler. Very reasonably priced. Incredible people behind the counter. Super knowledgeable, down to earth and friendly. I also stopped by this last first Friday and they had live glass blowing and graffiti art going on in the back. Cool place !  I like it ! I like it A LOT !
4	A fine local establishment off of Roosevelt St and an active participant in First Friday in Downtown Phoenix.  Known for live glass blowing and having a DJ out back.  The store inside has a great variety of  merchandise to keep their clientele happy.The newest edition and collaboration with the artist community are the painted ceiling panels.    Take some time and explore the store. Be sure to look for the sandwich boards along Roosevelt St as well as Central Ave when in search of Bud's.Open your mind :)
5	This place is legit. Stopped by to get a new bowl for my "water pipe", and couldn't be more pleased. All their pieces are made by local Arizona glass blowers, and they are apparently a talented bunch. The intricate designs and little aspects of my bowl really make it stand out and catch your eye. What's more is they offer my favorite blend of american spirit cigarettes and at a cheaper rate than circle jerk. I checked in using my yelp app and also got 20% off of my purchase, what's not to love?Don't pass up this joint bud.
5	Yelp was kind enough to direct me to this fine establishment the last time I was in AZ and Ive never stopped thanking them since! Even driving to the shop the neighborhood is to artistic and appealing to the wondering eye. I loved everything about this shop! Bud was so helpful and full of information in regards to helping us place an order for custom blown glass! I have searched far an wide for a shop like this through out San Diego all the way up the west coast and never found anything that compared. Every pipe is it's own true piece of art, much like everything else there!If you are looking for the best experience and possibly even just a smile on your face, stop in and say HI to Bud. It'll make your day.
4	A nice clean place for your CenPho smoking supplies.The owner is always behind the counter, super nice guy and he knows his products!Oh yeah! Great prices to boot!Big ups!
5	The owner is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. The shop is clean and the product selection is amazing. I'm even more impressed at the effort to showcase local products AND art. I work on Roosevelt Row and I'm very glad to have them as a new neighbor. : )
5	Friendly, down-to-Earth owner aided me at counter.  Aided me in proper Kratom selection; (I threw out my back severely and didn't want to deal with Urgent Care hell and I didn't want to get on prescriptions and instead take an herbal remedy-it worked by the way).  Shop was cozy, easy parking, convenient off Freeway, well organized, and crammed with lots of variety.  Has a more sophisticated and mature feel to it than other head shops, making you feel like you're in a respectable establishment more than like you're going into some adult video store with some wasted kids running it (the vibe I get from other head shops).  Will likely be my place of choice in the future, and highly recommend.
5	This is THE Phoenix smoke shop. I knew I was in good hands when I saw the selection and the knowledgeable and friendly staff. They gave me a few free screens and even a sample of an herbal blend the owner had been working on. The pipes are easy to view and are organized by the "manufacturer." I use that in quotes because all the pipes there appear to be from local artists. I know people will see a lot of shops around and may have difficulty choosing, but do what I did: make Bud's Glass Joint your first, last and only shop.
5	As a self professed conneseur of head shops and all things related, I can honestly say that Bud's has the elements that make head shops important and fun to patronize. A supporter of the community, a giver of genuine advice/recommendations, a carrier of quality products, a purveyor of value, a positive staple and lynchpin of their street, a thrower of killer parties/shows, and a balanced activist with a sense of decorum that can ONLY come from years of experience in the business. As a native Phoenician, I've been going to and purchasing from head/pipe shops all around the valley for the better portion of my life, and I can easily say, that Bud's Glass Joint is truly THE SHiT. Whoop.
5	Beautiful, artistic designs made by local artisans. Exciting inventory of unique items. Excellent business practices. A credit to the downtown arts community.
5	Awesome head shop in Phoenix. Supports local glass blowers and have some great products at reasonable prices. Their employees are super chill and knowledgeable. Highly recommend!
5	I really liked this place a lot.  The guy working was really friendly and helpful, let me see as many pieces that I wanted.  Prices are great and everything is locally made.  To be honest the two things that made this place were the guy working and the fact that everything is local.  The shop was clean, the guy was knowledgeable.  I will definitely be back.
5	Come to Bud's! This place is the best. I mean, I only ever come in for simple stuff, like papers and lighters, but I know a legit smoke shop when I see one!
5	I love love love Bud's! Kratom kratom kratom!I've been coming here after hearing that the kratom selection is great...and boy it is. At Bud's they carry the highly acclaimed O.P.M.S. (tincture and capsules), the remodeled Experience brand, and many more that I have yet to try out! All kratom is top-shelf quality at decent prices. Skip the sketchy online ordering and come here! Kratom is very potent and does the trick for my pain without using any addictive pharmaceuticals. The owner also gets to know you by name and makes a space where it's comfortable to talk about medical problems and which kratom would be best for you. Discourse about all sorts of things comes naturally, and sometimes he's almost like my sit-in therapist/bartender/kratomtender. As a young female, I have the recurring problem of getting harassed in most smoke shops, making me uncomfortable to ever return. At Bud's, all the employees are respectful, friendly, and treat me with the respect that a customer deserves. tl'dr: GREAT customer service no matter what time of day you come in or who's working. I have never walked out with a bad taste in my mouth. I have checked out the glass before, and once my current piece breaks (inevitable) I'm heading straight to Bud's. It all appears top-quality, and it's locally made! Give me a chance to support local business and I def will! I will say though...brass screens are an unbeatable price.Parking is great for downtown area, no meters or garages...I almost always get the first spot without any problems. Even if you live a drive away, it's worth it! When I move to Glendale this will still be my spot! There simply isn't any other competition.  There is not one negative thing I have to say about Bud's Glass Joint. This is everything a head shop should be and they won my loyalty from the first visit! I love you Bud's! Keep doin' what you're doin'!
