3	I've been waiting for a deli (particularly those that serve corned beef and pastrami sandwiches--and if I even wanted to get more picky, I'd prefer it be Kosher or at least Kosher style) to open up on campus the past three years. Thankfully the Beef Stand just opened with relatively inexpensive prices (so far)! You can get a corned beef sandwich (hot or cold) on marbled rye for $5.50. It even comes with a pickle on the side! The corned beef has a relatively mild flavor compared to what I'm used to at home, but if you're craving deli food, this place will hit the spot (at least until you go home to Bagel & Bialy, Max & Benny's, The Bagel, etc). By no means is this place any competition to those I just listed above, but it's definitely worth a try. A few criticisms: the corned beef and pastrami here are chopped into little pieces and not sliced like a traditional deli will do. Also, if you prefer to have a hot sandwich, be prepared to see the cook throw your meat onto a flat top grill. Completely wrong. I would give this 3.5 stars if I had the option. However, this is a huge improvement for the traditionally lackluster campus town.
4	The Beef Stand is a friendly, no frills stop in Campus Town if you've got a hankering for a decent pastrami, sausage, or hot dog.  And they do it well.  The staff are super nice, and they make sure you feel comfortable while you are consuming ungodly amounts of meat.  Occasionally our grad student Hot Dog Club will stop over at the Beef Stand for a carnivorous nibble, and I've never been disappointed.  One small drawback?  They dont' serve fries, just prepackaged potato chips.  I dont' know about you, but sometimes, I want to shove some french fries into my face whilst I am already eating bad for me food.The food is well priced, and you will be delighted by all the beefy, meaty goodness.
3	Went here yesterday and grabbed two Maxwell Street Polishes.  They had a Thursday special which was for three bucks a piece, a 75 cent discount off the normal price.  I got two decent polishes in poppy seed buns, topped with mustard and grilled onions.  I wish they came with hot peppers, but that seems to be extra.  Also I wish the sausage had a bit more bite to it.  Overall at the price it is a pretty good deal.  I'll be back to try their other offerings.
5	Now serving fries... They even have veggie options( off the menu). Not bad at all.
3	While my fav place for lunch (Antonio's Pizza) was closed for Spring cleaning, I reluctantly sought lunch elsewhere.  Decided to try The Beef Stand a couple of days.  Nothing special.  Definitely a no frills place that lends itself better to take out than dining in.  Staff was friendly one day; different people and less friendly the other.  Chicago dog was decent and the Maxwell Street Polish Sausage was okay.  The Philly Cheesesteak was subpar and the fries are fast food string types of no special note.  Reuben was good.   It's okay.
5	Oh. my. god. So good!  The chili cheese fries are amazing, & the hot dogs are great too.  I haven't had anything else, but from what I have tried this place is awesome!
5	Great restaurant! I was able to order a veggie rubin and a veggie hot dog! Both were amazing. I can't wait to return!
3	If you manage to screw up a hotdog, something is wrong with you.  The Beef Stand gave me a taste of home with its Chicago Style Hotdog that was done well-enough to satisfy my longing.  I might come back to try the Philly Cheese Steak if I have not decided to give up beef again.Fries and drinks are separate.As for ambiance, the restaurant is decorated in a typical college-town way with the smell of grease in the air.
4	As a "dyed in the wool" Chicagoan, I must admit I get pretty picky about things like Italian Beef, hot dogs and Polish sausages. I think we're pretty picky about a lot of things actually, but that's neither here nor there.I've gone to the Beef Stand four or five times since it's opened and I have to say, I'm pretty pleased. They've got all the Chicago favorites (Maxwell Street Polish, Chicago Style Dog, etc.) done as correctly as can be expected outside of the city. In addition, Beef Stand has some cool stuff that you won't find on a menu in Chicago including cheese dogs, chili dogs, different deli sandwiches and a quite extensive vegetarian menu which makes it socially acceptable to bring my vegetarian friends here for lunch without relegating them to eating fries.Another cool thing are the specials. I especially enjoy coming on Wednesdays for $2 cheese fries.I think the one problem is that the Italian Beef can be a bit tasteless at times (it can go both ways). I surmise that this stems from that the beef isn't really left to simmer away in the gravy all day but I'm sure there might be health codes/space issues so the extra gravy on the side is definitely a great idea. Also, I wish they had Italian sausages so they could make combos (although the Polish Combo is intriguing).Overall, I like this place and I really hope they do well!
2	Eaten here twice, delivery both times.  First time was really good, hence the second time.  Ordered the italian beef, chicago dog, and fries.  It took over an hour and a half to get here - called the restaurant after an hour and the driver had been pulled over.  They supposedly re-made the food and sent it out again, but the dog was cold and the fries were old.  I called and spoke with the manager who basically said too bad.   So, in the end, I guess decent cheap food, but no concern about customer service.
5	I am loving this place.  I have been three times and been really pleased each time.  I've ordered the pastrami on rye, the Italian beef, and the meatball sub.The pastrami on rye was nicely spiced and I got it warmed up.  Granted, I have never had a New York pastrami on rye, but for the price, I was very happy with how much food I got.  The Italian beef was also good - I got a little container of juice to go with it.  The peppers could have been a little more spicy, but it was big and better than any other Italian beef I've had in town (Rosati's or Niro's).  It was not as good as Portillo's near Chicago, I think, but that is a tall order.The meatball sub is what really motivated me to write the review.  It (with fries and a drink) is the special on Monday, for a mere $5.50.  And it is massive - crusty  bread filled with big meatballs and covered in marinara sauce.  The meatballs actually have spices in them, giving them a nice flavor.  It  was big enough to give me a little more than two meals and it was really good - best meatball sub I've had.Decor is pretty no frills, there is a haze of grease that hangs in the air.  Fries are pretty standard fare, and they are fairly quick.  Seems to get pretty busy around peak lunch times.  In any case, I'll be back to try the other specials.
5	Amazing veggie options!  As a vegetarian who would have thought my favorite place on green street would be called "the beef stand".  I can bring my meat loving friends, and we can all be happy.   Love the veggie Reuben and Chicago style veggie dog with little peppers.  My daughter loves the veggie dogs, and she's not even vegetarian... And the cheese fries, of course.
4	This is a solid addition to campustown.  The food is pretty authentic for something claiming to be "Chicago style" and the staff are very friendly.  Glad to have something other than the typical chain on Green Street.
4	Best beef in C-U, hands down.  It's no real Chicago Italian beef, but it's a slice of home out in the middle of campustown.  Nothing on their menu disappoints, I love their Polish, the beef, and even the veggie patties (the veg and cheddar is good).
1	This place is way too overrated. I would give it a (-)ve rating if possible. I ordered Philly sandwich; felt like throwing up. The quantity is huge, but to me quality is far more important than quantity. Never going again.
5	This place makes me happy.  I go when I want to feel happy.
3	Gets a 3 instead of 4 because its only a shadow of places like Portillo's, Al's Beef, Wolfies, etc etc.Hot dogs are great, piled high with hot peppers, onions, relish and tomatoes.   Isn't grilled enough, as far as I can tell.Corn beef and pastrami, however, are disappointing.  They store portions in the fridge/freezer, stuff them in individual rolled bags, and have like 10-15 of them in huge ziploc backs.  Take them out to cook; not impressed.  Overpriced and heated the marble rye is soggy, and the meat wasn't really great.  Will go for hot dogs though man.  Delicious.
5	The closest to Portillo's that you can find in Champaign. Great hot dogs and sandwiches
5	Heck yeah.  I love Beef Stand.  Cheese fries, check, meatball sub, check.  I am happy with those two things, though their italian beef and hot dogs are good too.  My one critique is that the meatball sub is hard to eat; it's more like two huge meatballs accompanied by some bread and sauce.  Maybe that's part of the charm?  It's distressing for me because I can never seem to walk away from this place without getting some red sauce on my shirt.  This is why I never wear white.
5	Great customer service. Nice atmosphere. Tasty food. And it's reasonably priced.
2	Should be called the hotdog stand because the hotdogs are decent but the beef is a disappointment. The beef is not tender and the fries are weak. Don't know where the beef is from, but they can do way better. The portions do not fulfill the price, back in Chicago I get two sandwiches of that size for eight dollars and top notch meat, obviously not from Portillos though. If the meat was of higher quality, then I wouldn't mind paying the money. I hope something changes because I love seeing places flourish, and I would love to have the go to spot for beef. However, I can't see it being open longer if they believe selling poor quality beef to underknowledged college students is acceptable.
4	Hot dogs are solid, their beef sandwiches are pretty good too. A bit pricey for a hotdog and they charge for grilled onions but worthwhile
3	Not super clean when I was there (and the door was propped open, letting in flies), but the place was full of hungry people (okay, mostly guys -- this is big-appetite, not- watching-your-waist food) who all looked happy. I ordered an Italian beef sandwich with grilled onions. It came with a small container of juice on the side and fries (ordered as a meal). The beef was tasty and the onions yum. Not the Platonic ideal of an Italian beef sandwich: the beef could have been marinated longer, the onions sauteed a little more until slightly browned, the bread grilled, etc. But the sandwich was well seasoned -- big and good to boot. The fries were decent, too. The guy at the counter was friendly, and the turnaround was fast. Not cheap, but worth the price -- a solid value. I'll be back.
5	The surprisingly large vegetarian menu and delicious fries always bring me back.Only flaw is every time I've gotten it delivered, it's taken forever and been cold. Flawless for walk-ins though!
5	first time having italian beef.  This was pretty fantastic.
4	Small place on campus but at least there's some seating. Had the beef and cheddar, GREAT!!  Hard to find good roast beef in town since there's no portillo's...this helps! My boss gives rave reviews of the cheese fries....
5	GREAT PLACE, with excellent Chili Cheese Fries...BUTThey are OUT OF BUSINESS.Not due to bad business, the owner is involved in a messy Divorce
