3	Great place to take the kids as staff are great with them. Food is very good and drinks not too expensive considering on George Street. Some great music memorabilia as you would expect.
5	It's quite gimmicky, you always know what to expect and there are never really any surprises thrown in and it's a guarantee that the food is going to be top notch! My burger of choice is always the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger it's just so good! The walls are adorned with lots of musical memorabilia to give you lots to look at when enjoying your meal. Worldwide the Hard Rock Cafe have over 70,000 instruments on the walls of their restaurants which is the biggest and most valuable collection in the world. Wow.During my years at High School I came to the Hard Rock Cafe pretty much every year for my birthday party and most of my friends did the same, I'm surprised I'm not sick of the place. My friends and I always found the fillings in the burgers funny and you will often find  slice of tomato or onion ring the size of a small childs head. On one occasion I remember my friend took an onion ring home because she found it so funny, to be fair we were only around 13 and hey, simple minds simple pleasures, I guess.If you do go for a birthday party the staff will be more than happy to sing a rather embarrassing Happy Birthday to you and present you with a cake or a huge ice-cream sundae. The ice-cream sundaes are phenomenal but I'd recommend getting one to share if you want to fit through the door on your way out. Hard Rock Cafe is fun, great for families, smalls or large groups and is always a great option if you're looking for a hearty burger. I'm a fan!
4	Hard Rock Cafe. You know what to expect. It's one of those chain's that everyone likes to turn their nose up at, but it actually does it's job pretty well. If you have ever been on holiday in any major city in the world, you will no doubt have come across Hard Rock. The staff in this branch are always really friendly and helpful. They always seem to be Australian, this baffles me Australians leaving their sunny paradise for cold Scotland, but each to their own. Hard Rock is great for a group or a date. They do great burgers and big fatty sandwiches, as well as the usual American type food. I love their desserts, purely because they are huge and full of things which are bad for you but taste oh so good. Give me a Sundae and I will love you forever.Occasionaly (special occasions, such as pay day) my flatmate and I will come in here for cocktails. He seems to spend his life going to various cocktail bars in Edinburgh and seems to think the best cocktails are to be found here. I agree they are very good. The whole experience ends up being very expensive though.
5	It's easy to sneer at The Hard Rock Cafe. It brings out an instinctive reaction of "overpriced", "soulless" and "naff" amongs those that don't know what they're talking about. It does indeed come with a few annoyances, but the rack of ribs and BBQ chicken plater I had the other night was, in it's own way, as delicious and satisfying a feast as I've had in a long time. Likewise, E-Bot's burger was a definite 10/10 for presentation, and not far behind when it came to taste.I did feel a little sorry for the poor girl serving us though, who had clearly been told to upsell appetisers, desserts and all the various rock tat available in the shop. You could tell she didn't really want to, but I expect the unscrupulous owners gave her, or the ther staff little choice in that matter.All in all though, it was an excellent meal, made even better by the slightly comical situation at the table next to us. What could best be described as a 30 year old teenager, complete with surf dude beads and baggy shorts, was sitting with having a meal with his parents. Snippets of the conversation along the lines of "Come on now son, is it not time to get a job? I hear the bank are recruiting" could be heard alongside the incessent hair metal soundtrack. I didn't manage to catch the lad's reaction, but I've a feeling he'd rather have had another gap year discovering himself (and transvestite prostitutes) in Thialand or Vietnam.
3	Everything in here is pretty standard....typical American style, typical music-memorabilia, typical HUGE portions etc etc. I came here once having a hankering for a hamburger, but I found the layers and layers of meat, lettuce, cheese, bacon and bread too much to handle. I ordered the BBQ Burger but I couldn't eat half of it. The chips too, were all left on my plate. Ok, I admit it probably has something to do with the fact that I had cheese and coriander quesadilla to share with my friends to start with, but I only had 2 slices, and I was starving. I must admit though  - the quesadilla was delicious.The burger...not so much. As I was munching my way through I kept thinking about my mum - if there was something that wasn't particularly tasty she would say to me 'it's not worth the calories Em!' , and she was right. Overall I wasn't impressed with my burger, but the quesadilla was amazing. The entire time I was there, more and more people came in (particularly, and somewhat ironically, mostly American tourists) and all ordered ribs and wings. To be honest I found it difficult to have a conversation with my friends whilst in Hard Rock because the music was blaring, but the decor was quite cool and the seats were comfy!
3	I realise that there's nothing that remarkable about a Hard Rock Cafe in itself, or there being one in Edinburgh for that matter, but seeing as they are pretty different depending on what city you're in, I thought this establishment and tourist magnet of worldwide recognition would be worth reviewing.When I lived in Barcelona for a while, I actually used to hang out in the Hard Rock Cafe there quite a lot, which I never thought I would find myself doing. It turned out that the cocktails were amazing, and just the right level of potent, and the banter was great because there was always such a mix of people milling around. The premises were also huuuuge, and with a pretty striking HQ right on the central square in the middle of Barcelona, it was quite hard not to enjoy the whole thing.I suppose that's why I find Hard Rock Cafe in Edinburgh a little bit underwhelming, but I suppose it's not totally fair to compare it to the one in Barcelona, it's not its fault it's small and feels a wee bit cramped. The mix of tourists and locals, blasting rock music, huge portions of food and hard hitting cocktails are all here though, and I do enjoy all of those things. Sometimes a large portion of nachos or a hefty burger and chips is just the ticket.
4	I'm such a fickle creature. The mere act of recently eating an awesome burger with the best, buttery mushrooms, prime beef, and two different types of melted cheese smothered all over the whole shebang, has made me instantly one star more favourable towards HRC in Edinburgh. I still think there are other Hard Rocks with better venue space, and I still find the Hard Rock in Edinburgh slightly too low in the ceiling department, and perhaps a bit dim lighting wise, but I think I'm probably just being really persnickety.All round, my most recent experience here was a rock n' roll themed food indulgence of banterful magnitude, and I realised I'd missed those huge long island iced teas and mojitos. I think the nachos we ordered at the beginning were probably unnecessary, considering we all had massive burgers coming, however guacamole, plus sour cream, plus cheese, plus crispy nachos, equals calorific joy.
2	I don't normally mind the Hard Rock Cafe at all, but this location was bad.Food was blah.  Service was slow.  Food took FOREVER to come out.Very overpriced and this place should be skipped.
3	good food and lots of it but its a bit expensive gift shop is good though
4	I had just arrived fresh off the train from Motherwell and ready to start the party for my friend's hen do. We were to collect keys for an apartment we had booked for the weekend. It was a tad too early so we wanted to have a spot of lunch to kill time and somewhere close enough to get the keys later.I remembered that there was a Hard Rock Cafe was nearby. I kept calling it the Solid Rock Cafe, you can guess what I was thinking about, anyway they knew what I meant.  It looked pretty quiet which we were quite happy at as we still had our suitcases with us. The staff were brilliant and very accomodating, they took our suitcases and stored them behind the shop counter to look after them for us. The two staff members who greeted us were very pleasant and managed to get us a table for 7 adding another place setting.  The staff who served us as well were spot on and very nice, good banter.The food was amazing but just too big a portion but then it is an American restaurant. I have been to a Hard Rock Cafe before in Barcelona so I knew the food would be good and I knew the typical style of the restaurant. So I was disappointed with lots of guitars and music memorabillia on all the walls of the restaurant. I loved the drum symbol lights. It's all in the detail you know.Well non of us could finish our meal well except for our Winnie, she's  bottomless pit me thinks. When the bill came though it was a tad more than we'd like to have paid for. So it was a bit of eep moment but hey we agreed 'how often do you do this?'. A one off treat!  So I would recommend the Hard Rock Cafe as a place to visit as a treat.
2	After a fun afternoon chasing my friend's toddler around the big amazing park in the Meadows, we were feeling pretty hungry. As my pal is very picky, and bambinos aren't welcome everywhere, we decided to pop down to George Street and the HRC. I'm not sure why I agreed to it, because the handful of times I've been I've found the food to be distinctly sub-par but I thought maybe I was just ordering the wrong things.First up: service. Friendly: but very, very, slow. It took a while for the waitress to take our drinks order, another while for the grown ups drinks to arrive (Pepsi of course, we were in charge of a wee one), and another five minutes for the little one's apple juice.  It was quite difficult to stop him stealing his mum's Pepsi, before his juice arrived; running around causing chaos is thirsty work!For the mains, Sarah had ordered the twisted mac and cheese as usual. I decided to go for the pulled pork sandwich because I've heard the pulled pork in HRC is dead good and I'd recently eaten a fabulous pulled pork bun at the Bread Street Brasserie that I hadn't stopped thinking about since.Of course, this took ages to arrive too. Cue wee man looking at the tables around us and shouting "MMMM!" (his way of saying "that looks tasty, feed me") before jamming a yellow crayon into his mouth that his mother then had to fish out. Ah the joys of parenthood.Unfortunately for me (but happily for my waistline) the pulled pork simply wasn't up to scratch. It was dry and bland, and I choked down half of it before waving the white flag. The chips (sorry, fries) weren't that great either, totally average, and very dry.We weren't offered ketchup, and our waitress did a speedy disappearing act after dropping our plates on the table so I wasn't able to ask her for any.I mean it wasn't the worst meal I've had in my life, but since I've been a handful of times before and always left disappointed I'll take this as a sign that I shouldn't go back in a hurry. Or ever. The presentation and preparation of the food doesn't justify the price, either.There are so many better places to eat on George Street, never mind Edinburgh. Give this gimicky tourist trap a wide berth. Unless you're in for the cocktails: now there's a different story...
4	Against other eateries on a food-to-food basis, this is a three star, BUT, they don't have the acres of rock memorabilia and the fun wait staff that Hard Rock has. We travel quite a bit, and once a trip or so we get the urge for slightly more familiar food. The menu is the same for the most part, with a haggis add-on for the Scots but overall it's as American as rock-n-roll's roots, even if it was started in the UK and the Seminole Tribe owns the chain... But I digress.  Get some potato skins, dear Scots. Have a Long Island Ice Tea, and, if you can bear spicy, get a good ol' Red White and Bleu burger!
2	I have been to a few Hard Rock Cafe in the States and elsewhere.  However, this is by far the worse when it comes to food.  The atmosphere and music are about the same as every other Hard Rock Cafe everywhere.  Great waitresses / waiter with great personalities & awesome music as always.  But the main course here is just not up to scratch.  I came here on 2 separate occasions and I had a big plate of Nachos to share for starters which was great.  However, when it came to main course, I found my burger meat very dry and tough. I stopped eating halfway through.  It was the same last time when I came here for the ribs.  Again they were quite dry and only ate halfway through as it was unpleasant to eat really dry meat.  Our burgers came straight after they took away our empty Nacho plate so maybe timing need to be adjusted a little as it gives the impression that our food has been long cooked waiting at the counter for us to finish our starters.  I think they need to get back to basics and ensure the meat are properly cooked to juicy succulent standard.  Lebowskis and Holyrood 9A have better burgers.
3	There was a time, no so long ago, that HRC was my favourite place in Edinburgh. However - all that made it great for me then has been surpassed and bettered by other venues and also my taste has changed ever so slightly. I am fed up with the 'Hi my name is Jack and I will be serving you tonight and I'm so jolly matey and pally you want me to become your bestest friend (for the duration of the meal). It is a way of engaging the customers that I think would befit a 5 year old. How novel and quirky it once was to have the whole restaurant and staff sing Happy Birthday I don't feel like joining in anymore and I cannot be the only one. Taking your 5 year old (or anyone under 18)  to HRC is not the done thing in my book - asking other diners to take a meal break and sing for a party of teens. no, no no .  I don't want to hear an infant crying when Red Hot Chili Peppers are doing their thing or Jimi is stoned on stage - That is my  niggly thing -  how and when did it became OK to bring kids to Hard Rock Cafe?I am so over the 20 flat screens that are on every wall - that was great in the 90's and early 00's but these days I want to focus on my fellow drinkers / diners or even the food I am eating.What I really liked about it (and still do) is their burgers, yes they are expensive but they do taste great.  That is it. All other parts of it are now found elsewhere - better. The Music : great tunes and videos, but the constant assault onto my senses is making me feel dizzy, deaf and old. - I have Spotify at home and my local bar sometimes uses my list - I like that better as I can also talk and be heard.so in that sense it makes HRC redundant. I don't need, (made) to watch videos when I am eating or cocktail drinking. Oh yes the Cocktails: what a shame - their Purple Haze, Gene Simmons' Bloody Mary and Long Island were staunch favourites, somehow over time they've lost their place on the flavour vs price pole position, as I think for example that The Last Word or  Bar Kohl has an up on that and for similar or cheaper prices and delivering better services. The Hard Rock Buffalo Wings with a choice of 3 sauces is replaced - by WINGS (with a choice of about 50 sauces)In the Hard Rock Cafe Shop - you can buy T-shirts and Rock Memorabilia - for a price.With an HRC loyalty / membership card you get a discount on clothing and meals.If you are a tourist and you are fine with having to pay a premium for a burger and you are used to the American diner service - HRC is your place. If you are like me and have a little more local knowledge about other places it is easy to go here as a place to meet up first before going somewhere else.
3	First of all, I'm excited that this is my first international review.  I'm in Scotland with the fam for ten days and our first stop is Edinburgh.  After way too much flying today (and I still haven't slept more than two hours since leaving LAX on Tuesday), we were hungry. We walked from our hotel to the Hard Rock and there was one bar table open so we hung out there for a few while waiting for our actual dinner table to open up.  It was crowded but our seven person party was nicely accommodated by the staff, who fit in an extra chair for us on a six person table toward the back.  I know the food is at least good, and definitely not bad--I've experienced the Hard Rock twice before (D.C. and Amsterdam!)--but it had been a while. I was actually impressed by my ceasar salad with a good sized piece of salmon on top.  So this is Scotland and therefore I'm not expecting the best food (what can I say, it's the UK--sorry UK friends) and while the salmon wasn't the best I've had, and I'll admit I'm spoiled being from Socal and having a Filipino mother that makes great salmon, it was good and size wise, just what I wanted after my day of travel.  The salad itself was enough for me.  Had I gone with friends I think I would have had more fun, but with the fam I drank water and didn't eat a bunch of fun food. Our server was really nice, very personable, and checking out more rock paraphernalia was awesome.  I think when I was a kid I didn't appreciate the Hard Rock for the times I had been and what it had inside.  Today after my experience I was kind of bummed I didn't end up getting a t-shirt.  Anyway, this makes me want to check out the one in SD when I get home.
2	My experience in this hard rock cafe is by far inferior compared to other countries. My recent and (I believe) final visit in Hard Rock Edinburgh was a Saturday afternoon where my friend and I fancied some cocktails along with food so we ended up there (since Fridays have permanently closed). Since we had to wait for our table we decided to had our drinks ordered at the bar: a lime margarita for me and a long island ice tea for my friend. Both standard cocktails to make, yet the bartender failed to do make them good... On the first sip both were tasteless (especially mine). By this time our table was ready and we moved there, hoping that we could ask our waitress to take care the matter. Our food arrived, yet we weren't asked (as usual) how it was, so we informed our waitress that unfortunately we weren't enjoying our cocktails and we would like to cola colas instead. Yet she didn't express any apology our willingness to resolve this, just asked "so, two cokes?" (for which as expected we were charged on top of the cocktails we left -as you can see in my picture). Usually, in a restaurant that wants to please it costumers they offer to take an item that wasn't satisfying back, offer an alternative or waive the charge to much cheaper options we had to go by. Not at this restaurant... We were really disappointed to choose this place for the cocktails that were such a let down, along with an unhelpful service.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing!  We visited Hard Rock Cafe Edinburgh for a friends birthday and the food was incredible, we had the jumbo combo to start with and it was like nothing we have had ever before, very delicious.  Our main courses were yummy and they even sang "Happy Birthday" for my friend and they received a lovely birthday dessert.  All the staff went above and beyond to make our visit really special, we can't wait for our next trip to Hard Rock Cafe Edinburgh.
3	Hard Rock Edinbugh is a bit like a smaller version of the original in London, it's low-ceilinged and therefore more intimate feeling than most, which is in many ways a good thing. There's strangely a bit of a lack of one of the cornerstones of Hard Rock - memorabilia. It may be because it's one of the older ones, so maybe a refresh is in order. The staff in all HRCs in my experience are great, specifically selected for their sunny disposition which acts as a great antithesis to my own. It's hard not to like them!We got sat down in one of the booths, ordered my partner's cocktail and my beer and then barely looked at the menu. Why, well cos I almost know it backwards. I went for the Chicken Tenders followed by the Local Legendary Burger, and and my partner went for the Chicken Wings.The chicken tenders were not bad at all, the batter was just a tiny bit undercooked on the inside but it was crispy on the outside. Just slightly overcrisped for me. The chicken was moist and the dip was nice, well the white one was. I never bother with the red one! The burger though, it was a bit underwhelming, for a start the burger was unexciting and arguably underseasoned, and the "Local" part of the "Local" Legendary Burger was barely discernible. Apparently it's the same as the HRC Glasgow recipe, but it wasn't. There was a fraction of the haggis and none of the whisky sauce. It was still not bad though and yes, the fries were crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside.Having been to six Hard Rocks in the last year - Lisbon, Madrid, Glasgow, London, Manchester and now Edinburgh, maybe I'm getting a little jaded! I'm no stranger to the Edinburgh one, but haven't been there for a few years. It was still an above average burger meal, but it failed to hit all the high notes and there's a lot more competition out there now, so out of my six HRC experiences this last year I'm afraid it definitely rates at no. 6.
