5	MMMM! This is one of my favorite Chinese food restaurants. And I am picky about Chinese. Their chicken lo mein is my favorite. I also love their egg rolls, sweet and sour chicken and chow mein. The staff is friendly and the food is always ready for pick up in 10 minutes. This place is great!
5	I am from California but every time I come through AZ I stop at this place because of the delicious food and wonderful service. Everything is always made fresh and the service is extremely warm and attentive. The last time I ate here was just after Christmas and 8 of us sat down together and all had our orders within 20 minutes. To end the meal they made all of us Chinese Donuts for free!!!!! If you are within a 20 mile radius of this location and you are hungry you absolutely must try one of their amazing dishes.
4	Love Great Wall.  The Great Wall Noodle soup is a STAPLE of our family.  Can't go wrong with any order.  Fresh, hot and friendly atmosphere.  The "Real Deal" small town restaurant.
3	I had lunch here with my family yesterday. The Pros:- Reasonably prices lunch specials (most are between $5.95 and $6.95)- Large selection of lunch specials- BIG PortionsThe Cons:- Didn't love it. The food, while plentiful, was underwhelming. I had the General Tso's chicken... and it was not very spicy. It wasn't bad... but it wasn't good. But... for the price it's a place to try out. Out in this part of the woods... pickings are slim for Chinese food.
2	Wasn't crazy over the food. The restaurant is nice, pretty inside, but the food was definitely not the best
4	I live in Gold Canyon and this has become my go-to place for Chinese food. Their potstickers are awesome! I usually get a lo mein dish and they are always good with large portions. There's always enough leftover for lunch the next day.They also have Weight Watchers options too and I've tried at least one of them and they are just as good as the full-fat fare.The service has been good whenever I was there (usually dinner) and everyone is friendly. They have a TV on as well-mostly news. My fiancee and I can usually each have a soda, an appetizer, and an entree and spend between $30-35.
5	This is my go to Chinese food at least every 2 weeks. Food is always fast and consistent. I think the prices are reasonable. Very friendly family owned business.  I always ask for slat & pepper pork (not on the menu but they will make it for you...yummy) and the house wanton soup is excellent.
4	Best Chinese food in the area. Our favorites are the Walnut Shrimp, Crab Puffs, and the Kung Pao chicken. A nice touch are the complementary fried won-tons with sweet and sour that you get for an appetizer and the fried donuts for dessert. This is definitely a family owned and operated establishment.
5	Amazing! I have had a lot of Chinese from major cities and this place may be my favorite. Ordered food fro pick up for my bachelorette and the owner was amazing. They gave us a great tray for transportation, delicious complementary donuts, and good food. We were all pleased. I wish I lived closer!
5	I live in Apache Junction next to Mesa, with dozens of Chinese restaurants as close to me as The Great Wall. We'll be going to The Great Wall instead from now on. We had the large bowl of hot and sour soup, $5.95, and the bowl contained five servings of what costs $3.25 per small bowl. Very good, too--not too thick like gravy nor so watery it's broth as so many places serve it, and it had just the right hot and sour tastes for us. The fried pot stickers were well stuffed and just a little crispy. We split a Szechaun shrimp, and the shrimp and assorted Chinese veggies were not over-cooked. I wanted it spicier and was brought a small dish of brownish chili seeds in oil, not quite the same red chili sauce of most Chinese restaurants but tasty. The surprise was the freshly made Chinese doughnut brought out as a freebie at the end! Our friend who calls it her favorite Chinese restaurant had the walnut shrimp, a nice stack of plump shrimp in a creamy sauce with big walnut chunks. The staff was gracias and attentive, and the experience was quiet and calm, a relief from some noisy boisterous restaurants we've been to lately. Quite a pleasant discovery!
5	Best chinese food in the Gold Cnyn, AJct, Mesa Area! Luches are a Great Deal! Soup& a whole tray of appetizers, fried rice, and a generous list of Main courses to choose from for under $6 ? WOW ! Dinner prices are fair too, esp. with such generous portions.We love their Hot&sour Soup , panfried dumplings( we use the potsticker sauce on eggrolls & wontons too --- yum!)pork(or chicken or tofu) & greenbeans  is my healthy favorite. Hubby loves the curried Singapore Street noodles or Lo Mein or House ( everything in it) Fried Rice. They even have a nice beer and wine selection. The best part though,might be the great service! FAMILY run , same smiling people, always there--- they do all they can to keep you coming back for more....
4	Great food, fast, friendly service, lots to eat and very reasonably priced. Hot and sour soup is spicy but not so hot that you can't taste the ingredients. The Family combination (for two @ $11.95/person) of soup, egg roll and crab puff appetizers, mildly seasoned broccoli chicken and spicy Mongolian beef plus rice was enough for two people plus leftovers to take home for tomorrow's lunch.
4	When we are craving Chinese food, we really like this place.  It sort of looks like a dive, but the food is good and the portions are big.  We get the combo dinner for about $10 with soup, an egg roll, the main course and then a fried donut thing.
4	One of the best Chinese places in the area, my faves are the shrimp fried rice & cashew chicken.. never disappoints!!
5	Coming from NYC I have found it hard to find a comparable Chinese restaurant. I've been to several in Scottsdale and Phoenix area but this is by far the best Chinese restaurant I've been to in the valley.  If you're looking for great Chinese food in the  Gold Canyon/Apache Junction area, look no further.
5	Great quality food at a reasonable price! If your this far east, worth the stop for dinner or lunch!
3	Food was just ok.  The place was dirty looking inside so that grossed me out.  I've seen better.
