5	Everyone here is a caring professional. I have never had such painless novocaine injections. The dentists, Rosen and Arak, are always upbeat. The only staff member who left in the 11 years I've been coming here retired. Everyone who works here loves to come to work. For the first time in my life, I don't mind going to the dentist. I can't think of anything that is a greater testimony to the quality of this dental practice.
5	First time in my life I feel completely at ease at a dentists office! Dr Rosen is incredible!! So very compassionate and knowledgeable.
5	I was referred to NMD by my boyfriend after a different dentist told me I had 10 cavities and wanted to charge me over $2300 to fill them all... and I don't have dental insurance.I was warmly welcomed in the office.  Dr. Rosen was very friendly and knowledgeable.  I could tell he actually cared about my situation, and he searched my mouth and found the cavities that were there, and then explained how they were trying to replace additional fillings that didn't need to be replaced yet.  He even offered to smooth a few fillings for free to prolong their life.So not only did I find a solution that will cost me about $1700 less, I found a dentist who cares and who is more interested in doing good dentistry than robbing me blind.  I can't decide which is worth more to me!
5	An ex-co worker of my husband refer us to this office. My family have been coming to see Dr. Rosen since I moved to AZ 12 years ago. He is truly awesome!!! I have sweet tooth and a thick file with all the problems I had with my teeth. Dr. Rosen is always very patient and he is so skillful - YES!  PAINLESS injections - he will try to cheer me up or say something to distract the 'pain'. ^-^ Once I really had a bad, bad toothache over a weekend and he was very accommodating, tried to schedule me back to his office asap. The hygienists in both offices are very nice too. I have only seen Dr Arak for twice but he turn out to be a nice dentist too! I would absolutely recommend anyone to visit this place!!!
