2	This place has positive aspects, but the management is unforgivable. It took me almost 2 months for the Manager to provide me my balance due. Their accounting books are always off so be sure to keep all receipts and records. Also, I was denied multiple times for a walk through until I threw the law in the Manager's face to allow me to be present for the walk through. The only way to get anything accomplished with this management is to waste tons of energy telling them how to do their job and also calling the regional manager in CA and corporate office in TX. You can find their contact info by googling grand campus USA. Save yourself the hassle and find somewhere else to live around ASU!
1	I have lived here for almost 3 and half years and I will tell you, management is the main issue of this place! There are such few reviews because they changed the name in order to escape such terrible publicity. We have had issues with bed bugs, leaky ceilings, homeless people invading the pool area, and much more! All of the units are old and I will steal this quote from a friend, they put lipstick on a pig and try to fool future residents. Though the rent is reasonable, they have lost my payment twice in the last few years. Not worth the hassle. They say they are "dog friendly" but they have no area for pets to play and most people do not pick up after their pets. Spacious place, and very nice maintenance employees. Made some great friends, overall, I suggest looking elsewhere.
1	Clearly the worst apartment in Tempe with the worst management ..If you are planning to move in here, Just run away without a second thought...If you have already gotten into a lease, god bless you..Apart from the regular issues like bed bugs, roaches, worst management, etc., they are big cheaters.. When I signed up for a 1 year lease, they promised me a gift card worth 500$.. It's been 12 months and my lease is already over and they are yet to get back to me on the gift card ..I met them multiple times, mailed like a dozen times with no response whatsoever...Katie Hall the manager asked me to provide document proofs for the promises they made during my lease agreement... I am planning to settle this dispute in a small claims court if they failed to respond me in a week or two.. You can never expect integrity from the management ..My final advice..If they promise you on any flashy freebies, please make sure that you get the document proofs for the same .. we are living in such a dishonest world where people don't hesitate to cheat each other..1 star..meh..
