5	For true Sushi fans in Phoenix that remember  Ayako (Akita-Ya) at the Biltmore, they are now known as "Shiro Japanese Restaurant".  With a combined 70 YEARS of professional sushi experience the same folks from Ayako at the Biltmore are now at Shiro Japanese at Tatum and Shea.Located next to "My Big Fat Greek" place at the northeast corner of Tatum and Shea, they have some of the most traditional and trustworthy sushi in town.  Ask Hiro for Special Salmon, Agedashi Tofu, wonderful and rare fish selections you might not find elsewhere.  Tonight I started as I usually do with Albacore, Salmon sushi, Yellowtail belly, and the Mackerel was recommended.  They have a full bar and some great Sake and Beer selections.  You may not find the run-of-the-mill "Oscar-Meyer" rolls here, but you will find only the finest sushi.  My "wish list" to make the place even better?1)  Turn the lights down a little, make it more cozy like Ayako was.2)  Music needs to be more exciting.3)  Modernize the traditional sushi.  Some of the people I take here want a little more "flair" to the sushi.These guys have been around a long time and need the support of sushi lovers like ourselves.
5	This is the place... If you know sushi, you will love Shiro. If you don't, you will love Shiro.If you remember Ayako from the AZ Biltmore, then you will know why the sushi here is so good. Three reasons, fresh, fresh and fresh...I will elaborate. The fish is certainly among the freshest and best grade I've encountered anywhere. But, also, the vegetables used are always perfectly fresh and crisp. This is not very common in most sushi restaurants.My only drawback is that Shiro is tucked in a strange location in a corner of a strip mall. However, the decor is beautiful and modern.Say hello to Hiro when you visit...
4	Extremely friendly staff with lots of seating.  We had a party of six - hungry, thirsty, and craving Sushi at 7pm on a Friday night.  Called to make reservations, 15 minutes later we were sitting down each with a large bottle of Asahi and Sake.  The fish was fresh and the rolls were creative and filling.  The staff was both knowledgeable and provided great service with a smile.
5	Hands down the best sushi in Phoenix. Hiro's culinary skills are unmatched - he is easily my favorite chef in Arizona.
4	This is the replacement of Ayako's / Akita Ya.  The food, as always are phenomenal. However the location and the settings lacks the Original Japanese Aura.And where the hell are the Teppanyaki Tables? :)Anyways despite a few setback i still go to this place for their one of a kind Spider Roll and their Euphoric Shrimp Tempura.
4	Really great service.  Shige, the owner is a very gentle sushi slayer at the counter that really knows how to cut up his sashimi.  Huge fresh portions of sashimi that is sure to be a hit for a sushi novice or expert.Other things tried-Eel cucumber roll- pretty tasty.California roll- eh. not my choice.Agadashi Tofu- averageScallops in birds nest- very tasty and great, recommendedMiso Black Cod- tasted not as fresh as the sashimi, but still above averageChicken Karrage- it was more like chicken strips Japanese style, a littler under averageOverall, this place is quiet with pretty authentic food, but the service is top notch. Extremely friendly and personable.I'd come here again.
5	Have returned to Shiro about 5 times since my first review.Continues to be exceptional quality and trusted techniques.Hiro and the rest of the crew (many from the fabled "Ayako Biltmore) are the most experienced and seasoned sushi chefs in the valley.It isn't cheap, quality never is.
3	Yelp expectations.  Sometimes that works against a place.  Gotta say, I wasn't that impressed.The service was fabulous.  I felt like I was the only one in the place.  Sure, the crowd was light, but it was exceptional.So here's the run down:Miso soup - the best ever, props to Megan M for the tip.  Really exceptional.Sea Bass - first time, pretty good, but a little lacking in flavor.Unagi - very good, a little too thin and therefore a little crispier than I'm accustomed.Salmon Roe - the best I've ever had.  It was buttery tasting.Tuna - a bit stringy, not very tastyYellowtail - basically my favorite sushi, a let down hereTobiko w/quail egg - about the worst on the plate, too much lumpy rice.A little on the pricey side, but not over the top.They do have Asahi, always a plus.  The crowd at the bar were chatting away as though they were good friends when it later appeared they hadn't known each other until this evening.  Tribute to the atmosphere and the service.
1	First to review, now the last.Stopped by to see Hiro and Shige at "Shiro Sushi" last night and there is a note on the door."Couldn't make it through the slow times".Too bad.Hopefully we will find them elsewhere soon.TJ
5	We found Hiro from Shiro - he's now working at Tokyo Lobby in Glendale!!!
