3	It was good but I don't even remember what I had. Some sort of fruit smoothie. They also serve some food like tortas or someting too. I will go back.....someday.
5	Everyone should try this little place.  I command thee. First of all, Zefie, the owner takes special care to make everything as fresh as possible.  That's why, when you order one of the tremendous fruit salads, she doesn't chop anything beforehand.  So I ordered it for like $2.50 and was expecting some little cup of cantaloupe, grapes, etc.  But NO!  It was HUGE, it had mango, jicama, strawberries, and lots of other fresh, delicious fruit, was topped by coconut, sliced almonds, and whipped cream.  It was so good.  I ate it before I got home.  So, being more adventurous the next time, I tried the pico de gallo, which I found out was NOT salsa but was actually cups of cut up fruit with a chili mixture on top.  Didn't think I would like it, but again, LOVED it.  It's a great contrast of spicy and sweet.  I  loved the cantaloupe and cucumber cup.I'm not really a smoothie gal, so I still haven't tried one of those.  But I did buy one of the prepackaged coconut ice cream bars on a scorching day and it was yummy.Was wanting something a little more substantial one time, so I stopped in and Zefie made me a torta.  Great torta.  Actually, it was better than the one at my precious Los Reyes.So, in short, everyone should try this place.  Don't be deterred by the mostly-in-Spanish menu on the wall.  There may be a little difficulty communicating with one of the workers, but the owner seems totally fluent in English.  Everyone is very friendly at this little place.  You may have to wait a little since they make everything fresh.
5	Forget jamba juice this place is better
5	Love this place!If you've ever walked around the streets of Mexico, you've seen the fruit stands that serve fresh squeezed juices and chile-peppered fruits. This is as authentic of that experience as you can get, except it's a brick & mortar store. My mango smoothie was absolutely delicious, and taste so much more natural than anything from jamba juice. Come here before/after/to accompany a hearty meal from chino bandido
