5	Specialty retailing at its best. Orange Tree offers a little bit of something for everyone:kitchenware, toys, cutlery, candy, gifts, specialty foods, cards, soaps, glassware and more. It's a great place to find a gift, or take a cooking class. The Isthmus Annual Manual awarded it the prestigious  Best Window Display Award. It's a great stop along with the other cute places on Monroe. http://www.orangetreeimports.com/Store HoursSunday 12:00 - 4:00Monday - Thursday 10:00 - 8:00Friday and Saturday 10:00 - 5:30
3	I could spend hours perusing this store.  Unfortunately I am not a middle aged woman so the staff will treat me like I must be there to rob them.  Seriously. My girlfriend and I were both mistreated by the staff here on more than one occasion. And it is not like we never bought anything there either. We often bought ourselves fun kitchen gadgets and this was one of the first places we'd look when trying to find a gift for that hard to shop for person. Yeah, maybe they weren't making thousands off of me, but my money is just as good as anyone else's. So I guess my advice is that you'd better dress in your Sunday finest if you want any help at Orange Tree.
4	Funny how I can't cook to save my life and I am always browsing through their kitchenware.  Although I'm not an avid tea drinker, I like to pretend I am and I've bought a couple tea sets from here that are quite darling.  There's an amazing olive oil section that blows my mind--a bit pricey but I've been cooking quite a bit with EVO and experimenting is fine by me. There's also a great selection off to the right of the store that holds appropriate gifts for weddings, mothers and such.  I like looking through cards and love the journals I've found here.  One of these days I will be worthy enough to purchase quality pots and pans and cutlery from their upstairs gallery.   Before the summer is up, I aim to take a cooking class here.  For sure with Shinji Muramoto, yes as in THE Restaurant Muramoto and Sushi Muramoto.  Cute and quaint.  If you are here after 4, make sure not to park on the street as they will tow.
5	It's a fun place if you're looking to put together a pricey little care-package.Lots of cool high-quality gift-ty things for the hard to shop for kid or adult.  I usually stop in for their supreme collection of chocolates, local (ahem, Gail Ambrosius) and international.  The chocolate and candy selection seems to be constantly changing, so I am constantly sampling.  Most recently I tried their new singly-wrapped spicy 50 cent carmels. oh la la. as sexy and spicy as they are sticky and sweet.
2	Orange Tree Imports is a nice store.  It has nice things for sale in it.  Unfortunately, as Justin W. has mentioned, I don't care to be treated like I am only in a store because I can't wait to steal.  Believe me Orange Tree staffers, I don't want to go to jail for stealing one of your precious wooden spoons.
5	Went here for the first time a couple of weeks ago.  There were so many things to look at that I barely knew where to start.They have pretty much anything you'd need as far as cooking goes, and the prices are comparable to places like Target.  The candy selection is to die for and there is a small section devoted to edibles from Wisconsin.  There's also a good selection of teas and gifts and really good-smelling soap.I didn't get the rude service that other yelpers have unfortunately gotten, so hopefully Orange Tree has taken care of that problem.
5	Very nice staff. Nice assortment of merchandise.Great place to find birthday and holiday gifts.
5	I can't believe it's taken me 2 years of living in Madison to find this place. Staff is super nice and helpful, prices are reasonable. Great selection of different cooking utensils and tools (the rack of spoons, spatulas, turners and tongs sent my heart aflutter). It took all of my willpower to not load up on fifty different cooking spoons. Great place for gifts. Decent selection of harder to find ingredients (hawaiian sea salt, mexican chocolate, etc). I haven't tried the cooking school though because I am just too slow at signing up for the classes I want to take. They're always full WEEKS in advance!
4	Very nice store.  They have some unique items.  They used to have a little bit more variety as I recall but still a nice store.  They are crowded and need more room.  Fun place to hunt for that unique gift.
1	Finally got the rude service I've read about but refused to believe was true.  On a recent visit I was intentionally ignored, nearly shoved out of the way by staff, and overall did not feel welcome.  It was very busy when I visited and I understand that employees must have been under a lot of stress (this was before Christmas), but that's not an excuse for treating me differently than the other shoppers nearby.I was so unhappy with my visit that I emailed the owner, who, in my opinion, did not handle the matter adequately or professionally.  I'm not returning to this establishment and am no longer recommending it to others.  Spend your money elsewhere.
4	One of the few great gift stores in Madison.  I wish there were more eclectic things though.  It's fairly standard.  They have wonderful gifts for foodies!
5	I find the store very inviting. I usually spend a long time looking through their collection of items. I have especially enjoyed the beautiful tiles on the wall as you climb the open stairs to the second floor. Orange Tree has a wonderful collection of cookware, dishes, candies, garden supplies, jewelry, glassware, children's toys, cards, picture frames, cooking books, serving dishes, etc. It is a perfect store for finding a special gift. They have wonderful store front windows. The store has many sale items throughout the store. There is something for everyone there. The owner "Orange" has been very delightful to chat with. I have received very nice service.
5	Great local place to shop. Always so much I want to buy!
3	Orange Tree has a great selection of kitchen items. Anything you want for your kitchen, you can find here at a reasonable price. Great jewelry by local artists, too. Service could be more attentive, though. Four staffers were having a bonding moment and couldn't be bothered to acknowledge me when I walked in. One woman in the back of the store finally asked me if I was looking for anything in particular, and I figured out that if you actually approach one of the front-deskers, they will help you out. But considering Orange Tree is a boutique store, some extra customer service training would not kill.
4	You could spend hours at Orange Tree... HOURS. For real.There are shelves, floors, nooks and crannies packed with an incredible amount of giftable items for anyone and everyone. Kids. Adults. Kids at heart. Orange Tree has it all. I especially love the upstairs collection of cool kitchen appliances and nifty knives. It's sometimes hard to find someone up there able to help, but zip back down the stairs and let someone know you need assistance and they'll answer any questions you haven. I know a lot of people gripe that the prices are high when you consider what you'd pay at a big-box-er, but those that love to keep it local won't mind spending a extra bucks to support the little guys this holiday season. Sign up for their catalogue and you'll usually find coupons on the back (typicallys $10 off a purchase of $50).
4	Orange Tree.It has...It has...It has...SO MANY THINGS!Oh the things! From hand painted sushi plates, to big ass Iron Chef skillets, to glass wine corks, anything you can fill your home with, they have it. And it's straight up cute.I think the big misconception is that Orange is just for "foodies" and the 1%, but these products really range from price to preference so anyone can find a great gift, splurge, or necessity for their lifestyle. Only downside is that the items are a bit luxury.  Wait, is that a bad thing? Well, maybe only for my wallet. And if you say you're just going to "pop in for a few minutes," be prepared to spend at least half an hour here to scratch the surface.
4	All you need to master the culinary artsFar too many hours of my misspent adulthood have been spent wandering the narrow aisles of Orange Tree Imports (OTI).   And that's not a particularly bad thing.  I attribute much of my growth as a home cook to the wonderful cooking classes I've attended.  I also have OTI to thank for my serious addiction kitchen gadgets for which I am in search of a twelve step program.  While the store has its idiosyncrasies, it's a tremendous resource to those Madisonians who practice the home culinary arts.Things I like:* I am a HUGE fan of the OTI cooking school.  For the cost of a dinner at a nice restaurant, you'll gain some mad cooking skills, pick up some great recipes, enjoy a scrumptious meal and get a coupon for 10% off most anything in the store.  It's a crazy good value.  I've taken about 20 classes there over the past five years and enjoyed the overwhelming majority of them.  For instructors, OTI uses chefs from local restaurants or OTI staff members.  Some of my favorites were the knife skill class taught by Clark Stone of Wusthof, bread baking class with an instructor from Batch Bakehouse, the pizza making class with an instructor from Roman Candle, a quick bread class with Angie Derr from the Creamery Cafe in Paoli, a dumpling class taught by Jeanne Tentis and anything taught by Francesco Mangano of Osteria Papavero.  I've also scored some nice swag from attending classes sponsored by vendors like Le Creuset and Chantal.* I've always found the staff eager to offer advice.  OTI seems to hire people whose passion is cooking, so they often have personal experience with many of the items sold in the store.* Selection, selection, selection!!!  Cookware, cutlery, kitchen electrics, specialty ingredients, chocolates, coffee and tea brewing supplies, bakeware, cookbooks and gadgets galore - you can find it all at OTI.  Things I don't* Finding a parking spot on Monroe Street is a skill that seems to have eluded me.* OTI can be difficult to navigate when it gets busy since the aisles are so narrow.  The store can resemble a rush hour Tokyo subway during the holiday shopping season.* Their prices are generally higher than what you can find on-line.  I have been able to offset that difference by using the coupons from the cooking school and the quarterly catalog (get on the mailing list!).  They also have a customer rewards card that offers additional savings for frequent fliers.  I also appreciate the advice I get from the staff and am willing to pay a premium for that.
4	Since my first visit to Madison, I've loved coming here to quietly browse all the quirky culinary tools and baubles this place has to offer. You will find a wide selection of many interesting items, which makes this place both a joy and adventure to visit. However, this place does have to compete with online and other local stores that have offered similar or the same items at lower price points. For window shopping or gift shopping, this is often a first stop for me, and it's a fun place to take out-of-town visitors who want to do some local shopping. For items for myself while on a limited budget, I usually look elsewhere.
4	I left my heart in a Le Creuset pot at Orange Tree Imports. The double-decker kitchen supply area is WHERE IT'S AT. It's impossible for me to browse there and leave sans at least six unnecessary gadgets and four obscure contraptions that I just CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT in my kitchen. Most recent purchases? A tea strainer ball (really, it's cold out, I need more tea), a ravioli stamp (I've been meaning to figure out how to make ravioli for a long time), and a math equations ice cube tray. No excuse for that one.What I'm trying to say is that OTI is the bee's knees. It can get expensive, so if you want to save the big bucks and some time, know what you're looking for before you come. Otherwise, browse to your heart's content and purchase your kitchen essentials locally! Keep your dollars on Monroe St. and the random culinary doo dads in your kitchen.
2	I would have to agree with previous reviews in that it's a unique and fun store, but I too have been treated very rudely by employees.  Not only do they sometimes look at you and not say hello, but when you go to purchase something they barely acknowledge you then too.  I've gone back to give them various chances, but they are not exactly warm or inviting unless you are a 50 year old, upper class woman doing some damage.  It's rather unfortunate.
5	I love Orange Tree Imports. This is a really unique place in many aspects. First, they carry a very diverse range of items ranging from kitchen electronics, cutlery, utensils, tea sets, exotic foods, bake ware, creams and moisturizers, shower gels, home decos and toys and gifts for kids. The items they carry works great and are practical to have around the house. I especially like their Japan import section where they bring in cool teapots, sake sets, handmade bowls etc straight from Japan. It helps that they have a different way in which they run the store. Each group member is assigned a specific section of the store in which they come up with the types of items to carry, how items are displayed and the associated logistics. In that way they can better cater to the needs of the customers and really know what they are looking for. Because of this, if there is something you would like, feel free to let the section manager know and there is a great chance he or she can order it in the next time an order is placed, especially if the item has the potential to be popular.In addition, they offer great cooking classes here. This is the best part. I look forward to ending work on class days and then heading over to Orange Tree Imports to learn to cook. So far I have tried sandwich bread, miniature sweet treats and truffle making classes. In all of the classes I walked away knowing how something seemingly so difficult and impossible is made easy by the instructor. And I thought: This is something that I can totally do at home! As you can see I am in love with Orange Tree Imports. As long as you stop by for a visit it is almost impossible not to fall in love with one or more of their stuff.
4	This is a fun place to find different kitchen items and gadgets. They also have a wide array of other items such as children's toys, jewelry, candles, magnets, specialty foods, lotions, etc. A friend and I signed up for one of their classes on cooking Middle Eastern food.  While it wasn't quite what we had expected, it was still enjoyable.  We thought there would have been more hands on learning. The instructor was engaging and a pleasure to learn from.  It was almost torturous not to be able to indulge until the end, I ALMOST felt bad for the customers who were getting free smells but no taste :) I will probably only sign up for another class if it was something that I was very interested in, as I felt the classes were a little over priced.
5	Orange Tree Imports is a treasure to explore and although I would love to buy so many items at this store, browsing is such a fun way to spend an hour!  The staff are very friendly and they have used or own many of the items they sell, they have high quality products that are functional and beautiful, and I feel that I'm always able to find things at Orange Tree that I can't find elsewhere!  If you are looking for a fun gift, card or to use in your own kitchen/home, I highly recommend a visit to Orange Tree.
4	Such a fun store!  I wish I had more money to invest in the kitchen supplies, WINE accessories (!!!!), coffee/tea chotchkies, and random treats.  I picked up so many presents at this store for family and friends.  Anybody that knows me, knows that I struggle when it comes to gift giving so this store is a life saver.  I picked up a coconut chocolate bar that lasted me a week because I wanted to really experience it.  That right there is unheard of...any chocolate maybe lasts a day with me.  They also have Moonstruck which is from my old stomping grounds of Portland, which made me happy.  They do have a great selection of local options as well.I got a Madison mug that has a really artistic bike on it.  I have been trying to add to my mug collection and this one was great to represent Madison!  I have not been able to find a better and it is not the usual Starbucks city mug, much more personality!yeah, so, if you want unique, fun and have some time to explore, hit up Orange Tree for shizzle.
5	Orange Tree Imports serves as my inspiration whenever I need to find a gift for someone or am asked what I want as a gift for myself. Excellent selection of kitchenware and gift items (jewelry by local and independent artists, hand-painted serveware) in a space that is much bigger than it appears from outside. Helpful staff, and the owner herself is often there to offer recommendations! Some of the products are high end (Le Crueset, All-Clad) and not usually discounted from retail, but there is a variety of brands and items, so there's something for every price range. $200 roasting pan? Check. $10 set of wine stoppers for the oenophile? Check.Fun chocolate selection too, with a variety of chocolate bars, baking chocolate, and hot cocoa mixes from several different chocolate companies.
