4	Katy is great! I'm new to town and was looking for a good stylist. Tried Katy out using a Groupon and glad I did. She really listens and gets to know her customers. This is important because she is able to deliver and you leave a happy camper. Love the cut, she did lots of subtle layers in my hair and the color came out beautifully.
5	Katy is amazing! She is very knowledgeable and understanding AND caring. She is very attentive to customers' concerns, wants, and needs. Did an amazing job on a cut and color with my hair, which is long, thick, and very curly. I would recommend her to anyone with curly hair in a heartbeat! I loved the color of my hair and she made ZERO mess or error. Uses great quality products!
5	Katy did a great job and is super nice. Great conversation! Full attention on me and my hair. Knowledgeable and trustworthy. I look 10 years younger and will definitely go back.
5	I have been searching for a new hair stylist for some time, and am so happy to have found Katy. For the first time in years, my color is spot-on and my cut allows my hair to fall naturally in place and look great. Her personality is warm and friendly, and she has a great sense of humor. I can't remember the last time I left a salon feeling so jazzed about my hair and the overall experience. Katy rocks!
5	Ever since I moved here, I have been searching for a new hair stylist. And by George I've found her!!!! Katy is friendly, kind and a joy to be around, and her awesome hair styling skills are just a bonus I tell ya!!! Will definitely be back, and I'm bringing my whole family to her, I would definitely recommend her to all my friends and family. My hair feels great looks great and all with minimal effort and upkeep because she cut it that good!!! I left her salon feeling like I was in a herbal Essence commercial, screaming yes yes yes! For my new fab hair cut and color!!! Luv ya Katy!!!!
5	I just moved to the area.  To me the worst part about moving is finding a hairdresser.  I got it right on the first try, which is a very uncommon occurrence in my past experience.  I love the color, highlights, & the cut.  I previously had a botch job & had to wait over 2 mos for it to grow out & so it could even be cut again.  Katy is a miracle worker.  She did a phenomenal job.  I have already scheduled my next visit.  If you are looking for a hairdresser, look no more!  Katy is the bomb!!
5	Katy is awesome! Great personality, did exactly what I asked for and us a pleasure to visit with while getting my hair done, no debbi downer here! What a nice relaxing time.
3	I got my hair done here a couple weeks ago and really loved it at the time. She was super nice when she was cutting it and doing the highlights, and she definitely knew what she was doing. It was also great because we had great conversations so I was never bored and waiting for it to end. There were just two problems. One, the color I chose was the exact same color as my natural hair, so it didn't turn out any different and nobody knew I even highlighted it. I didn't know when I chose it that it was the exact color as my hair, and it would have been really nice if she, as a professional would have corrected me and steered me towards a different color. I really wanted my hair to be a much lighter blonde. Now, that doesn't bother me that much, because although I wish she would have pointed out that that was my natural hair color, I did pick the color myself.The thing that really bothered me is a couple weeks after I got it done I tried to contact her again explaining that I wanted a lighter color. All I asked is when I can come back and try again and how much it will be because I wanted her to do it again. She ignored me! I tried again a week later and she ignored me again! Then a few days after that I tried one last time and she again did not respond. This is super unprofessional, and unfortunately I don't believe I will be going to her again. I can't rely on her to actually respond to me to make another appointment, and I don't know why she is doing this. Anyways I was hoping to make her my permanent hair stylist, but that isn't going to happen because she won't respond.
