3	Just another new breakfast / lunch spot in the Vegas Valley. Of course, it's close to my old condo so i had to give it a try. Ate there twice for breakfast while i was making the move - place was hoppin' ( it's in an industrial park area - most of the customers were workers in the area ) decent $2.95 breakfast - the usual 2 eggs, potatoes toast, bacon/sausage/ham. Also tried their version of the grand slam - cost $5.95. if in the area and need a quick bite at reasonable prices, i recommend. Go out of your way for a special breakfast/lunch ? not the place. happy eating !
4	Work down the street. I like to come here for some home cookin. I prefer the open faced turkey sandwich meal. its like $9. My favorite thing about this place is that it had a sign that read something like:"We have to charge more for taxes because your elected officials are irresponsible"
3	I came here Saturday morning. i was orig. on my way to Dad's grilled Cheese but it was closed till 1030 and I wasnt about to wait an hr, er well guess 1 hr and 45 minutes - b/c all the yelpers said thats the wait time for that sandwhich. We arrived here and it was the type of breakfast place that you dont have a waiter take your order but you order @ the front desk and pay there. I went with the Greek Omlet - egg, spinach, tomatoes, peppers and (minus the onion) topped with Feta cheese. OMG soooo good. It came with side of hashbrowns or frenchfries. I went w/ FF but they werent very good. tasted like reheated but thats good b/c it also came with toast.. (just like you gotta pick your battles,... you gotta pick your carbs)My bf ordered the western omlet and it had ham, peppers, onions and of course his fav.. his own tabasco. itw as good but not as good as mine. To be honest I loved the wheat toast.. it was real wheat toast not the healthy stuff I buy @ home b/c its healthier. LOL. Our omlets were $6.95 and the perfect size.. not to big and not too small. I'd def. come back here if I was on the west side of town again.
3	I work very close to Mr. Mama's, close enough to walk there if I wanted to. Thankfully I do not have to do that, as Mr. Mama's delivers ($15 minimum order)!My boss bought breakfast for the office the other morning from Mr. Mama's. I went with the egg and sausage breakfast sandwich ($3.25) with cheese added ($.75). The breakfast sandwich was good, not really surprising though as it would have been hard to screw up such a simple order. For a cheap and simple breakfast Mr. Mama's is good if you are in the neighborhood.
4	Great food. Reasonable prices. Service was a little slow.
4	Great food great service and a very nice owner. He is a wicked good chef and makes everything feel like a home cooked meal.. Was impressed with sandwiches, gyro (rocked), and I had a meatball sub one day and it was great too. Super clean and very reasonable on price and excellent quality. Feels like a real restaurant experience but its more of a lunch place. I haven't had the breakfast but I know it rocks. A few people told me it was really good. I will get there early one day!Try it out.. authentic food and real ingredients..
3	We came to Mr Mamas based on yelp reviews. The place is set in an industrial business strip. If you didn't know the street number, I promise you that you will pass it up.Mr. Mama is an eastern european guy who was friendly and ran the place. Our breakfast dishes were good. Not great. I prefer this kind of place over places like Dennys or Micky D's. I had the pancakes with eggs and sausage. Hubby had a veggie omelet and we both enjoyed our meal. Must say the place is pretty stark,  but the food was good and the dude was nice.
5	I was on vacation in Vegas last week and just did a quick Google search for breakfast locations on my phone. After skipping over all of the chains (I hate them) and the really expensive locations in the major casinos/hotels, I found Mr. Mama's. Although the location (in a strip mall) didn't really give the impression this was going to be a positive experience, I can gladly say first impressions are not everything.  As others have said, if you don't have the address already, you would likely pass it right by. The restaurant is modestly decorated, but very spacious and clean! The tables and chairs are nothing fancy (read: just plastic outdoor furniture), but the staff was friendly and the food was fantastic. I had the veggie omelet with egg whites and hash browns. Nothing fancy, again, but very well prepared and a great value for the money. It was a two egg omelet with lots of veggies packed in. Two others in my group had french toast (which I had to try) and it was also delightful. Well prepared, sweet, not too sweet though. Now my sister had the homemade biscuits and gravy, and let me tell you, they were FANTASTIC. The owner stopped by and asked how everything was and mentioned that it was HIS recipe and wanted to know what we thought. It was great. The sausage seems to be more of a standard sausage, not breakfast sausage. So there is a bit of a flavor difference, but it is different in a very GOOD way. The biscuits were moist and fluffy. I would highly recommend that dish. Also, again, the owner came over several times to check on us, ask how the food was, and just chat a little bit. When he asked how my omelet was, the cook (the kitchen is open to the dining area) asked what I said. It gave me the impression that they all care about what the customers think and how they are doing their jobs. I love that. So again, I would highly recommend Mr. Mama's for food, value, and the hospitality!
4	My boyfriend and I discovered this place not to long ago being that it is close to his work, and we LOVE it. I would highly suggest trying their gyros it is one of the best ive had in town, and keeps me coming back. The staff is very friendly, the owner comes around often to check on the service and quality of the food. The place it self is not overall fancy as far as painting and seating goes but it is comfortable and very clean. No Complints Here :)
5	Great service, good food n very reasonable prices.  Highly recommended! :-)
4	Good food, good service n good prices. :-)
5	We stopped at this cute little place to see what it was like. My boyfriend and I ordered the same thing. Mr. Mama's French Toast. It was so delicious. I was FLOORED how perfectly cooked everything was the first time. I'm so used to sending things back because it's raw or over cooked. NOT HERE.Great service, friendly smiles as you walk in. If we're in the area, heck we might even go out of our way to go there, it's THAT GOOD. The portions were excellent for a 7 dollar plate. Two French toasts cut in half, cooked to golden perfection, confectionery sugar. Not an over bearing amount of cinnamon either.The sides choices are ham, bacon, or sausage for a choice. We chose bacon, which I was surprised how long they were. I was expecting like 2 small strips like most places. Nope 3 long strips of bacon, and 3 eggs.
4	Delicious food, super friendly staff, clean and the BEST BREAKFAST BURRITOS in Las Vegas!! Put another location on the east side of town and we'll eat there 3 times a week (at least) :)
5	GREAT food!! EXCELLENT & FRIENDLY service!! and SPEEDY deliveries!!this place is a true gem!! & FYI.. I've never taken the time to write a yelp review before, but after having the pleasure of dealing w/ Nick and his staff at Mr. Mama's i felt the need to write this. (that says a lot!!)
5	Great service, terrific value. Clean kitchen in full view. Highly recommend.
3	Have come in here 4-5 times and I can honestly say that they do make a really good omelet. The staff is pretty friendly and the owner can usually be found in the back cooking. The pancakes are as big as the plates so be warned. One time I had asked for onions in my hash browns and when my breakfast came out there wasn't any onions in it. Not a deal breaker, but the owner stopped over and asked how everything was. I told him about the misstep and he had me another plate of hash browns with onions out in no time flat! Nice. I can certainly see myself coming back.
4	Great place. Large portions. Friendly, attentive staff. Pancakes are rubbery and heavy not light and fluffy. That is my only complaint. Great off the strip alternative.
4	While in Vegas, we did a quick search for somewhere to get breakfast. Mr. Mama's fit our criteria of being fairly close by, affordable, and having fairly decent reviews. The location in a sort of random strip mall didn't inspire thoughts of the greatest meal, nor did the somewhat ordinary looking interior. Thankfully I've learned not to judge a restaurant by its looks and Mr. Mamas did not disappoint.Between the omelet,  pancakes, and french toast that was ordered at our table, nobody had any major complaints. Given the atmosphere and the prices (which are very affordable), the food was probably better than we were expecting. The side of toast could have used a bit more butter up front, but that's nothing a little extra jelly won't compensate for.The service was friendly and attentive. By the time we left they had a pretty decent crowd in there. We considered stopping in for breakfast the next day, but slept a bit late and opted to just get on the road for home instead. Next time we're in Vegas, though, we know where we'll be getting breakfast at least once.
3	Great food and delivery service.  Our company loves ordering from Mr. Mamas because they are fast, no minimum requirement, and the food is GREAT.
5	Had breakfast here before leaving Vegas and what a great find this was! It's in an odd location in what look like a commercial strip mall so might be hard to notice. The service is great, owner Nick is super friendly. The food is your usually breakfast grub, and it's delicious! We ordered the Denver Omelette, French Toast and Short Stack of Pancakes. They were all really good and pretty big portions. I am usually a small eater but I finished most of it.So all in all, if you're looking for a good small business to support, this is definitely the place!
5	So we're in Vegas and the group asks, "hey, what's for breakfast?" Well buffets out of the question and we weren't feeling the In Casino Cafe's so out comes the Iphone and Yelped. On a side note, Can I get a shout out for Yelp! Damn, seriously. How did I ever survived without Yelp? It's got everything you've ever need as far as getting info on nearby Eats. There's folks that are still in the stone age era using the "yellow pages". Who uses that anymore? I get home, I see the new edition on my doorstep and out goes to the dumpster. No need for that hunk of junk. Now back to our regular scheduled program. Read a few reviews on other restaurants and Mr. Mama's stood out. Didn't have a ton of reviews or pictures but all were positives except one from Sam T. that gave 3 stars but his review was positive as he's gone there 4-5 times and the only part that didn't meet his expectation was his order didn't have onions as he requested. But Nick (owner) followed through and granted his request. So I think the 3 star rating was harsh and unwarranted. Hope he reads this and corrects his rating. I had the Mr. Mama's French toast and it came with eggs and Sausage/ham/bacon. I chose the sausage. The portions were plentiful and left me wanting for more. My wife had the Denver Omelette and she loved every bit of it including what she called the Hash Browns... amazing. Our waitress, Julie, was amazing and attentive. Ear to ear smile and that gets contagious. We almost wanted to give her a hug on the way out. Weird? or just great customer service that are hard to come by nowadays. Nick, the owner as mentioned above was super cool. He was in the process of updating his Yelp page as we were there and even surprised us with a complimentary dessert (Cinnamon Roll). Thanks Nick! So all in all, we had a great experience and will definitely be back whenever we're in town. Mr. Mama's is now stamped in our routine books as we hope to be regulars.
5	We moved here from Maryland in October last year and were looking for a "favorite" place to eat just like back home. We found it at Mr.Mama's. From our first time there to today we are always greeted like family.The staff are efficient and friendly . The food is homemade ,delicious, good size portions, and the price is very reasonable. It's not fancy,and you can easily drive by due to it's location in a strip mall,however,you don't want to miss MrMama's .For us it's got a neighborhood vibe that keeps us coming back !PS. They also deliver!
5	Food is outstanding ....I had the Veggie Omelet and my wife had the French Toast.If they had grits it would be perfect!!Staff is great and so is the service.We will be back next trip from NC.
5	Omelet was good, service was EXCEPTIONAL. A+They got free wi-fi too which was a plus, got some work done while munching :)
5	Come here a lot from LA and found you on Yelp, waitress and owner was very nice and food was very good, loved my biscuits and gravy :) will be back again.
5	Found this gem via Yelp while at CES. What a find! Great quality breakfast with smiling service from everyone. Cinnamon french toast, 3 eggs and your choice of meat for $7.50. Nuff said?Lose the casino, patronize a local, and take in the no frill charm of a converted commercial space!
4	Service was great.  The food was good.  I would go there again
5	Awesome food! I get to enjoy the amazing food and staff several times a week and have never left disappointed!  Oh! And Shawn in delivery rocks!
3	BREAKFAST REVIEW: Me and the gf found this place through Yelp. I had the pancakes and she had the French toast. The pancakes were just like what you would get out of the package at McDonalds. The French toast was excellent. I also got the veggie omelette...devoid of any flavor. At least it was good for me. The service and friendliness was off the charts. The sausage patties were seasoned and tasty.  I would not go out of my way to visit this place, but it's right for the money.
3	The staff was very courteous and friendly. The food was good but I was looking for something better than ok. I love breakfast and I was hoping that they had specialties but they did have pancakes and the kids did like it. The decor is awfully blue and I didn't quite understand it, it's really smurfy blue with patio furniture. But food was cheap and very fulfilling, it's just lacking a cozy feel.
4	The food is simple, basic & good. The service is amazing!! The owner personally greets you and checks to make sure you have everything you need. Really great service.
5	Vegas was our last stop on the way home from a long 2,000 miles road trip. We did not expect to eat anything exciting on our last leg of the trip home to Bay Area. I was not even looking for breakfast since we gonna have lunch at Bakersfield. But since the drive is 5 hrs away I though we better have some breakfast to start the trip home.Looking around Yelp, being me, always on the hunt for hole in the wall local eatery I stumble upon Mr. Mama when I select filter $ for price and best rating. The deal was even sweeter with the restaurant special promo. So it was like half $, I was thinking if I got burn by Yelp youngster review, then oh well, who care it didn't cost much.The place is locate on main street in the middle of a industrial/commercial/office retails. Thanks to my silly Waze GPS, the uncooperative software showed the location of the restaurant on the opposite side of the road. It takes me 2 detour to find the restaurant.We was seated right way as soon as we entered the restaurant. Our server, Julie (I hope I got her name right after 11 hrs of driving) was prompt and courteous. Due to my clumsiness, I dropped our silverware, and BAM, like a ninja, without asking Julie come right to the table with new silverware within 10 seconds (no joke, she was that fast). We ordered our food, and drinks. I hope they didn't think that we was rude when we asked for hot water to mix our super strong Vietnamese coffee, since we didn't order coffee from the restaurant.It takes about 15 mins for all of our food to arrived. We ordered Steak n' Eggs, Chicken Fried Steak, Mama French Toast, and Sausages and Eggs, stuff that you would expect to get at any breakfast joint. Our food portion was larger than normal breakfast restaurant especially with the price they are charging. Without further ado let me go into the food quality. Our over-easy eggs was perfectly cooked, no burning at the rim, the yoke was oozing and creamy. The steak also cook as we instructed and tender. Harsh-brown has nice crunch and French Toast on point and fragrant. The French Toast has a rich cinnamon aroma to it and deserved to be one of the better slide I've ever had. Chicken Fried Steak and gravy was amazing, and best of all, none of the frying stuff was greasy, including home fried. The food simply good, and a lot of it. I guess they must have been part of feed America program, the owner send out complimentary cinnamon bun for our table. To top it off our server asked to refill my OJ, this will be the first breakfast restaurant offered to refill my OJ, simply WOW (funny how I ordered 2 OJ since I didn't know they refill OJ)Some of other reviewer also mention about the level of outstanding service Mr. Mama has. They are all correct. I think people who have the "LOVE" for whatever they are doing will provide you the outstanding service, simply because they love what they are doing. It shows from the owner to the server. The owner did come out and chat with us for a min or two. After chatting with him, he reveals that he was Greek descendant, which explains the blue floor to ceiling wall. It's Santorini Blue for those who could not make the connection. I would think it would be nicer if they have some white table or stuff just to enhance the blue.When ranking food quality for the amount they are charging, it is by far the best food quality vs price. You could go to fancy breakfast restaurant and spend twice as much to get about the same enjoyment without the family, friendly of mom and pop shop where every customer is matter, where every meal is matter, where the word of mouth is how a business survive and thrive. All I could do to support their commitment by patronize the local business spread the words about their great food and left the restaurant with a full stomach (until 10 hours latter, as we did skip lunch at Bakersfield on the way back home.)
5	Chicken-fried steak and French toast were great, as was the service!
5	This place was awesome. Great prices and amazing food. The burger was hand made with a subtle blend of herbs. You can see where they make your food, which is super-clean. Everyone was super nice including our server Jenna. I would recommend this to a friend. Oh, and they let you substitute things, switch things up, chose whichever cheese you want and how well done you want your burger. Eat here, you won't regret it.
5	Truly lived up to the hype. We sat with 9 people and every meal was the rave of the table. The place was busy and the service was still exceptional. Good job to mr mamas, we will go back every time we're in town.
5	Friendly staff, though seemingly understaffed the morning we were there - ~2 servers trying to deal with a full house meant we waited a while to pay. Large portions, 4-egg veggie omelet was awesome, coffee was decent. Great prices for the high food quality. Took advantage of a $20 for $10 Yelp deal that made it an even better deal.Definitely recommended.
5	Mr. Mama's was our last shot at breakfast before we headed back home from our Vegas vacation.  We had struck out at the last four places we tried, but had some hope based on the yelp reviews.  From arrival to departure, everything was great.  This seems to be a family run business.  Kathy, our server was wonderful.  She was on top of our drink refills, checked in every once in a while to see if we needed anything.  Asked for our suggestions, honest opinions about the food, what could be/needed to be changed if anything.  The food was great.  My husband got an omelette and I got pancakes, eggs, and ham.  Too bad we found this spot on the last day we were in Vegas, or else we would've gone there more.  But we will definitely be visiting again on our next trip to Vegas!  Thanks Kathy!!
5	This place was great!  The owner entertained us and the food was excellent.  We will use again when we are tired of overpriced strip food.
5	Everything was just as we expected it would be, given the great reviews on yelp. The service was great, food was delicious, portions were big, but not HUGE. We took advantage of the $10 for $20 yelp special & were really happy with the ease of redeeming it. Some servers (at other places) are not on board with whatever promo the owners are using & make you really feel uncomfortable when you present them with your phone or coupon code, but our server was more than helpful, attentive, and very gracious. We will be back when we visit & definitely spread the word!
5	Great service, great food, and best price in town. Get the Yelp deal! $10 for $20 of food! I love the commercial area that it's in, its a hidden gem. By the time we left, we felt as family! Will return here.
4	Very friendly service and good food!
4	I went here for breakfast with my husband and it was good. The service is exceptional and the owner is very nice.
4	Food was really good.  Service was excellent.  Prices were extremely affordable.  Will definitely go back.
4	Mama's food is good.. I love how their prices are very reasonable than other breakfast places like IHOP or Hash-Go-Go, especially the French Toasts ($3.75) for 2 pieces, but it comes in 4 slices. I ordered the omelette ($7), I personally think it has too much Italian cilantro on the top, but I guess this is their Greek style. I loved the Philly Cheese Steak ($7ish) ~ Excellent & Yum! All staffs are nice & friendly! I'd def. recommend friends to go there!
5	This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Julie and Mike were super nice and made my girlfriend and I feel welcome on our first visit to Mr Mama's.   The food was all homemade and reminded me of a diner back home in Buffalo.You know, a back east kinda thing.    I will be back many times soon.
5	Price was right! Food hit the spot. Great service.
4	All is well over at Mr. Mamas. I've passed this place dozens of times for the last year or so, and have always wanted to try it. It never popped into my head though when thinking of a place to eat. But, finally, when craving breakfast food last week, I remembered and stopped by. Still on my mission to find the best chicken fried steak in Las Vegas, I closed my menu as soon as I saw it on there. Easy choice. Upon ordering, the waitress asked me to try the homemade gravy sauce that was to be smothered on my CFS before I ordered it. She informed me that their gravy in particular contained a little but of honey and wanted to make sure I would like it before I ate my meal. How very nice ! I did indeed end up liking it, and stuck to my order. As far as the food went, it was pretty good. The sweetness of the gray paired well with the savoryness of the CFS. The batter was good and crispy and thin. The scrambled eggs were cooked great. Was it the best CFS I've had in Vegas so far ? Nah, but it'll go to the near top of my list.All in all, I'd go back. I definitely want to try some other things and I can't get enough breakfast foods. Service was also great. My coffee never went below half and all the waitresses had smiles on their faces. See you soon, Mr. Mama.
5	I have been eating at Mr Mamas for the last year. I live in Denver and go to Vegas 6-8 times a year to see the family and always make time for a couple of meals here. The food and atmosphere is excellant, portions are a decent size and the restaraunt is always clean and the staff is friendly. Breakfast or lunch it is worth it.
4	We saw the great reviews for this place and decided to check it out last Sunday morning since it's right down the street.My hubby was hesitant at first because its location is not where you would think a good breakfast place would be (it's in a strip mall next to a faucet store and a hardware shop).The moment we walked in we received top notch service. The kitchen is behind an open counter and all of the guys behind it said hello and welcomed us. There were about 5 other tables but one was like a party of 10 plus. We sat next to a table of a couple who apparently were regulars because both waitresses referred to them by name and gave them an affectionate hug and "how have you been". All good signs.My husband ordered the chicken fried steak and I took the waitresses advice and ordered a daily special - the breakfast sandwich and beverage for 7.25. I had went online took advantage of Yelp's 10 for 20 deal but our bill only came to 19 bucks so I didn't.The steak looked awesome and the gravy looked delicious. The hubby ate it right up. He said that he like it - it wasn't too greasy or fatty and the gravy was great. My sandwich was quite yummy - but the bacon was the chewy kind - not the crisp kind like I like...but my honey told me that he prefers the chewy kind (I learned something new :) so no fault there.I must say I really enjoyed the coffee and I'm quite the coffee snob! My only complaint was the eggs were underseasoned - both mine and his but nothing horrible - they were definitely cooked perfectly.I thoroughly enjoyed when the owner\manager guy came by and asked us how the food was. He ended it with a sincere "I appreciate you guys, Thank you". And for whatever reason -- I really believed the guy -- he seemed like he really meant it!! Plus the waitress was really on it and she even said, "did yelp bring you guys in" and we were like yes... I still can't figure out how she knew that.....lolWe are definitely coming back. The hubby was drooling over the Mama's burger pictures so we are itching to use the coupon for a big lunch.The price, service, and food were top notch and we are looking forward to coming back!Definitely recommend!
5	Great friendly atmosphere. Family owned and operated. Good food. Large Portions. Clean.
5	I was in town for a softball tourney and like I always do...I try to eat at a few different places local to the area.  I looked up a good breakfast place and this place looked perfect!  Location is in a strip mall which seemed kinda weird...but hey...it got good reviews so I wanted to try.Good food, excellent friendly service (which is actually very hard to come by nowadays), and all for a really good price.Highly recommend!
5	What a nice surprise this place was.We were looking for a place away from the strip for a nice breakfast, nothing fancy just quality food. This place had great food, great service and really fair prices! Highly recommended!
4	Great wait staff and good food. The short stack is great and the omelettes are freaking huge. As a matter of fact, all the meals are enormous. Bring your appetit and your A-game!!
5	On this last trip to Las Vegas we decided to try all the local favorites and let me just tell you, Mr. Mama's will be a return stop for us the next time we're in Vegas. Forget the overpriced casino buffets! The food here is GREAT and priced right!  Be bold and escape the strip and those over priced and buffets!! Go see Mr. Mama's! You won't be disappointed!
4	Good Food. Good service, quality. We liked it.. pretty basic 'breakfast-all-day' kind of place located in a strip mall area off of Decatur.. they also serve other items like burgers, salads and sandwiches. Also .. it's easy to miss but keep your eyes peeled! its between a few non-food establishments. We had a Yelp '$10 for $20' voucher.. the meal for 2 of us with Orange juice, and 2 breakfasts was about $16.. so it was covered! Happy Eating to You!
5	I searched for well rated breakfasts in Las Vegas and I think this was the top hit for central Vegas. The reviews were right on the money. An added bonus was the $20 for $10 yelp deal. It's in a industrial oriented strip mall on south decatur right off of the 215. It's clean inside and the staff is friendly. I read in previous reviews that you order at the counter. This is only true for take out now. Since it was purchased a year ago, the new owners have changed a lot of things, our waitress said. One of which was table service. So now you sit where you like and order from the menu with a waitress. Nice. The chairs are patio chairs but it's okay. Mainly because I expected a nice little hole in the wall with good food and great prices. That's exactly what I got! Great little place. Down home cooking. Comfort food. I had the chicken fried steak special which came with my drink. I think it was $10.50 or $10.25. My son had the corned beef sandwich. I also ordered decaf coffee and they brewed a new pot for me. Refills were plentiful and quick. We didn't need to call our waitress for anything and the kitchen got our orders perfect. There is a TV with captions on for watching the news when you're eating breakfast. I always like that. It was constant traffic the entire time we ate there. Pretty popular and that's a good sign. I hope they're around for a long time, I would love to come back. They're only open for breakfast and lunch. Both dishes come to the table steaming hot, and with nice portions. Everything was nicely seasoned. I added a little salt and pepper because I always do anyways. They also had tapatio, ketchup and tabasco at table. Btw for the coffee, they had vanilla creamer as well as regular. The decaf is the sort of coffee with a sharper bite. I don't drink regular coffee anymore so it was nice finding decaf with some substance. Not the stuff that goes down mild without any taste. It was good and even better with the vanilla creamer. The gravy over my chicken fried steak was tasty. Lots of chunks of sausage. The breading on the steak was nice and crispy. Not greasy. Big points for that. I ordered my eggs over medium. They got that right as well. I hate eggs that still have a little sliminess in the whites. So it was brilliant. If you're coming in with the yelp deal as I did, it's actually hard to use up all of the $20 bucks. I ordered one of the most expensive things on the menu. Drinks are $2.25. Sodas and coffee..etc. Most things range between $6-8 dollars for nice big meals.I would come here without a yelp deal and pay regular prices, it's on our list of places to eat now when we're on that side of town.
4	food is good, and service was really great!  we changed our order last min and they were able to accommodate us with no problems.   the country fried steak was delicious!    with the $20 for $10 deal it is just icing on the cake!
5	So after losing all my money on the strip (damn you, 3-card poker) my friend and I decided to save some money on breakfast.  Mr. Mama's did not disappoint.  We had a yelp deal for $20 worth of food for $10.  It was awesome. I had the french toast with eggs and sausage. The toast was fluffy and the sausages were pattys, mmm deliscious.  My friend had the western omlet and she loved it!!     Our total breakfast with drinks came out to $17. We left satisfied.  The staff was friendly and we got our food pretty quickly.  Regardless if I'm winning or losing, I will definitely be coming back her for breakfast or lunch during my next trip to vegas.
5	Delicious food.  Friendly staff.  And you cannot beat the price.  The French Toast was especially good.
5	The best small breakfast diner in Las Vegas.  Not your typical casino meal.  It is a little out if the way but worth making the drive.  The staff there actually cares about what they do and how they treat their customers.  The prices are great and the food has actual home cook flavor, and not the mass production feel to it.  I would recommend this place to anyone that is visiting and or local to the area.
5	The food was fantastic, and it was cooked and served promptly. My husband was skeptical and wanted to eat on the strip, but I saw the reviews and photos and knew we have to give it a try. He is now a believer and Mr. mamas fan. The waitress was excellent, the entire staff was extremely attentive and friendly. A nice bonus was the free wi-fi.
5	awesome food and the service is amazing. the owner is very friendly and interactive with customers. prices are very reasonable and the portions are perfect. will use this as my breakfast place from now on.
5	Clean and Cozy! Great deal and super friendly owner. Plus, the food was outstanding.Thanks so much everyone at Mr. Mama's
2	Friendly service but the food was not impressive.  Won't say it was bad but wasn't impressive. My side salad was like eating a head of lettuce.  Gyro was okay.  The $20 for $10 deal was worth a cheap meal for 2 but I probably won't go back.
5	Great food, great service. Much better than eating on the strip. We ordered the Greek omelet and Reuben sandwich with soup and coffies. The omelet was one of the best I've ever had! It had a lot of garlic and the veggies were so fresh. My husband thought the Reuben was better than every place he's tried in New York. We also got a cup of beef and veggie soup that came with the sandwich, and it was packed with juicy pieces of beef. You could tell the soup was freshly made. Overall we really enjoyed our meal. Everything came out to less than $18 which is amazing. Definitely give this place a try!!
5	Found this on Yelp and thought I would give it a try since it was nearby and highly rated. The place is in a commercial area and seemed out of place in the blue collar area. It actually fits in perfectly. We were greeted immediately upon entering by the friendly staff. The food is all made fresh and on the premises. I had pancakes, bacon, eggs, and a side of biscuits and gravy. All of it was great. My friend had the Cali omelette and he loved it as well. The place is clean, friendly, and does have great food. I saw the Yelp gift certificate that allowed me to by a $20 GC for $10. I bought it at the table and paid with it on the spot. This is a gem. I will be back to visit.
4	Very friendly personalized service. These people are very interested in having a sucessful restaurant. Good food. Good price. Not too difficult for a tourist with a rental car to find. Good alternative to the buffets on the strip. We ate a variety of breakfast foods, all were good (2 omelets, taco salad--yes, my husband had a taco salad for breakfast). Large portions. the $10 yelp deal made it a great price.
5	Great food! Amazing staff and cool space!We'll definitely come back next time we're in Vegas!Totally recommend for a great simple tasty breakfast:)
5	Excellent food and service. Highly recommend. Nice people, clean place. I would definetly return
5	The best!!! It's cheap and delicious!! It may not look like much on the outside, but damn can they cook!!!! Buttermilk pancakes made from scratch, and a fantastic staff!!! Next time we're in town we will be back!
5	So, Vegas...ahhh, Vegas. I was a regular in Vegas in my single years, so I never spent money on entrance fees or drinks. Now that I am on lockdown, my man had to spend a pretty penny for drinks and entrance fees. But this was his first time out on the town with ME so I had to show him a great time. Mission accomplished. We ended up staying up through the night until morning so we decided to look for a breakfast spot that had great Yelp reviews and was a good price. Thank goodness for Yelp because we found Mr. Mama's. This restaurant is located a couple miles from the strip, so we hopped in our new Vegas friends' car and came to this industrial plaza. Don't be fooled, it is a mom n' pop shop inside. The staff was super friendly and knew we found them on Yelp (they said a majority of customers are referred from Yelp). OMG, chicken fried steak and eggs -over easy- hit the spot!! Had some coffee and used the Yelp deal to pay for our meal and a Vegas couple we became friends with. It was delicious, staff was awesome what more could you ask for!
5	In Vegas on a motorcycle trip and stopped here for breakfast. This place was just great.  Good food, great service, relaxed feel - I would go back.  Service was excellent.
2	Well, it was a very late morning breakfast, so the staff may have just been recovering from a busy morning, but the service was not great.  Took a while to even get place settings.  The food was okay, but I was expecting better after seeing all the 4 star reviews.
4	Cheap... But very good food... The portion sizes are great!
4	Great place for a simple yummy breakfast. Good service.
4	Food and Service with a smile. I had the French toast breakfast bacon was crispy just how I ordered it....Bf had the skirt Stack with ham very good.....
5	Just discovered this place today thanks to the stars given and reviews by you Yelpers out there and I gotta say that this is THEEEEE BEST place for breakfast in Vegas. Clean, great food at a great price and the friendliest service. Couldn't be happier for this find. Definitely a spot I will have to eat at least once every time I visit Vegas from now on. :)
4	Great value and great service! It's a no frills B fast spot with great drip coffee that's kept filled all meal long. If you are visiting the strip it's a very short drive. I would'nt recommend taking a taxi because the cabs rape you and you may explode in the event of a fender bender. Atmosphere is preventing a 5 star due to bright blue wall and plastic chairs.
5	Yeah yeah yeah!!Love this place. The staff is amazing, the food is fantastic (home-cooked-meal good), and the inside is just a great place to hang out and enjoy some free time! It just puts a smile on your face! Man, just thinking about this place... I know where I'm going to brunch today!
4	I think I found my new go to breakfast spot! Staff friendly, food is really good even for just basic eggs and bacon. Sausage patties take the cake and the French toast was well worth the calories! Bill was only 15$ for 2 even better! If your haven't tried Mr. Mama's yet I don't know what your waiting for.
5	Great food, great prices, fantastic service! Highly recommend this spot if you are looking for a fairly priced delicious breakfast... and no slot machines ringing in your ears while you eat
5	I went with my wife and best friend this morning based on the Yelp reviews.  The service was top notch and clean.  The owner greets you when you walk in and the wait staff is both expedient and courteous.  The coffee and the homefries are very good here.  You cannot beat the prices and don't let the location fool you.  The fact that it isn't on the strip means the prices aren't inflated.  The owner is from Michigan and this place serves hot, fresh comfort food.  I ordered the steak and eggs and was impressed.  We are actually going back later this week.  Unless you are brain dead, there is no way you can dislike this restaurant!  The owner clearly knows how to operate a business.My wife, best friend and I returned on 4-20 for an early Saturday breakfast.  I ordered the Cali Omelet.  This was the best omelet that I've ever had!  Again, Nick (owner) was in the kitchen cooking.  This guy is all over the place coming around to tables and greeting as well.  The wait staff was very friendly.  After 30 minutes, the waitress offered to refill my cup of coffee 5 times.  This never happens for me.  I will come back to Vegas some day and I will be taking my business back there.
5	My 4 friends (all guys, 21-37) and I took our first trip to Vegas this weekend. We stayed right in the strip, and was not interested in paying $30 for eggs and toast. So we found Big Mamas on yelp, and let me tell you, it is hands down the best home cooked breakfast food I found in a long time. We were in Vegas 4 days and loved mr. Mamas so much we ate there every morning, Nick the owner remembered us the second morning. He has a great owner and you can tell he loves his restaurant and staff. He walks around from table to table thanking everyone for coming in and insuring that their meal is to their liking. We had a car, driving took us about 5 minutes from the strip, one day I overslept and my friends left me so I took a cab, it ran me $10, which was worth it for their "Cali omelet" Our first waitress we had was Yota, it's actually a longer name than that but she laughed at me because I couldn't say it. Yota is Greek with a beautiful accent, she is super personable and make you feel like family. We only had her one day but went back because of her. The last 3 days we had Julie, who is just as sweet as Yota. Julie brings her son to work each weekend,to teach him responsibility! What a great mom!!! Her daughter also works In the kitchen. She had our orders down pat day after day! The restaurant itself is in an industrial type space with is decorated with bright blue walls and colourful table tops, makes it so home like. THIS IS A MUST DO IN VEGAS!! Don't pay for over priced food in Vegas when you can eat at mr. MamasTo Julie, Yota, Nick, and the whole staff, thank you for being you! Our trip was made more memorable by all of you and your cooking, we will be back!! The east coast boys!!
5	Very friendly and food was delicious.. Will be back next time in Vegas for sure!!
5	Awesome omelets, delicious bacon, cheap prices and excellent service.  This place is a throwback to the days of old when folks took pride in their daily work.  The owner Nick stopped by to introduce himself and his home cooking philosophy.  You will be hard pressed to find a better breakfast anywhere.
1	HORRIBLE service!  Do not go here if you value customer service.  The manager  pr owner (not sure which one he was) was very confrontational after we decided to leave and even followed us out with a smart "have a great day"!   We just continued walking out and kept it classy.  DO NOT GO HERE!!!
4	if you know me then you'll know breakfast is my favorite meal of the day. In fact i'll have it at any meal of the day. Egg and I was the first choice but the place was shut down because a car drove into the restaurant which lead me to my second choice Mama. Service was great! very accommodating and always asked if everything is good. The hash browns was crunchy and good seriously the best breakfast place I've been in Vegas. This is a standard breakfast place which i would compare to a Diner at best but with great service and good food it is way above the standard diner fare breakfast. Great job!
4	French toast was amazing portions and price good great customer service
4	We were tipped off by a local about this place after working a freelance job in the area. It's really a great hole-in-the-wall. We arrived for lunch seconds before they closed (they serve breakfast and lunch only). The kitchen seemed less than pleased (turn off that "open" sign!) but we were warmly welcomed by both our waitress and the owner. I ordered a pastrami on rye.It was a very good sandwich, although the pastrami wasn't stacked high like a deli would do it. After my first bite I thought it lacked something. Seeing a bottle of mustard on the table it clicked that this was the missing condiment. After spreading some mustard on the marble rye I was quite satisfied.The owner spent some time with us, telling the stories behind some of the pictures on the wall.  He was a very congenial fellow and we enjoyed the tales of his family history.Prices were fantastic. The food and service was great. But...uh-oh..the bathroom was rather messy with garbage overflowing and toilet paper all over the floor (yelp removed my photo - see below). Mr. Mama's is not conveniently located to the Strip but worth the short drive if you want inexpensive delicious food.***Hi there,We wanted to let you know that we have removed one of your photos of Mr. Mama's. We encourage users to post business photos that are broadly representative of the business, while sharing their personal experience with that business in a review. In this case we thought that your photo looked more like it captured your personal experience. Thanks for understanding, and we'll see you on Yelp! Regards,ClarenceYelp User SupportSan Francisco, California
5	While visiting Vegas (5 of us) we decided not to spend so much money on the strip for a buffet breakfast/lunch. Some of us ordered breakfast and some lunch. They were both excellent. There was nothing that was greasy. Breakfast was awesome.  The owner told us he had just made fresh clam chowder from scratch.  It was delicious.  The prices were very reasonable. The owner goes around and talks to the patrons and makes sure everything is to their liking. Even the coffee was good.  Try it you'll like it and save yourself a bunch of money.
5	You can't go wrong with Mr Mama's!  We had breakfast here 2 days in a row, a group of 5.  Food, service, staff and value were fantastic!  If you like a hearty flavorful breakfast try the Greek omelet. Absolutely DELISH!
5	Small quaint place with great atmosphere. Staff was very friendly and energetic. Breakfast was excellent fast service and the owner (Nick) was very accommodating.
5	"First time here after Yelp reviews. We had a party of six during busy breakfast hour on a Saturday. Staff was very accommodating in getting us seated with very friendly service and excellent food."
5	A favorite new place breakfast, try the chicken fried steak and eggs. Great service a large portions.
5	Cheap good eats! Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and Mr.Mama's does it right! I've only eaten there a few times so far but I must say, it's amazing! I'm writing this right after I just had the best omelet of my life. I had their Cali omelet this morning and WHOA. Didn't even use any ketchup or hot sauce on it. You can tell the ingredients were super fresh. I was watching the guys in the kitchen work and they were very detailed with their cooking! I have yet to try their lunch, but soon will. The owner Nick is super friendly every time I've came in for a pickup and treats you like family. I've been to every breakfast spot in a 5 mile radius from here and this place tops them all! Do yourself a favor and give them a visit!
5	Oh yum yum yum! This spot is my new favorite breakfast spot! Omelette and hash browns were scrumdelicious. Will be back often.;)
5	Yelp did it again they did not let me down. I was hungry for breakfast and did not want the usal buffet. when i drove up and the sign said serving breakfast all day.....YES...The services was great and friendly and the parking was easy to find.  The food was flavorful and delicious.....for the visitors when you are in vegas and you get tired of the buffets you have to try Mr Mama's you will not be disappointed.... to all locals this is a great place....Enjoy....
5	From the greeting upon entering, to the knowledgeable and attentive staff, everything was excellent about this visit. The customer service is over the top and a fresh treat when so many other places in Vegas do not care about their customers.The meals were prepared very well, and  the owner even visited with us several times to make sure that everything was to our liking!Great fod, great service!
4	I enjoyed my experience at Mr. Mama's.The food was good, the staff were attentive and friendly and the atmosphere had a family business feel.I was drawn to Mr. Mama's by their high yelp reviews and their affordability (only "$").  I met a friend there for breakfast and we were immediately greeted by our waitress.  I cannot remember her name, but she was very attentive and patient with us.  We were a little indecisive with what to order and she recommended getting their omelets and their french toast.  We both ordered omelets and they were both delicious.  I cannot remember what my friend ordered, but I ordered the "Spanish Omelet" and I was thoroughly satisfied.  The hash browns were crispy, but not too crispy and the portions were pretty big.  I also ordered a coffee and it ended up being free, because they have a yelp deal for a free beverage if you check in.  The owner came around and talk to us.  He was very friendly and when we told him that we find out about them on Yelp, he would make jokes about if they lived up to their yelp standards.  Overall the experience was very pleasant.  I think the menu is decently priced, and the staff is more than accommodating.  The only thing that I am not too crazy about is the location.  It is nestled in an area where majority of the businesses around them are automotive repair and parts shops.  I missed it the first time trying to find it.  I can see the convenience of it though for their patrons who from out of town or on the strip, because it is near a I-15 Freeway entrance. However, despite the location, I think I will come back again and I would recommend other to check it out as well.
5	I was in Vegas for a bachelorette and we wanted a quick cheap breakfast on the way out of town without the typical casino cafe lines. I found this place on yelp and I'm so glad I did! It's definitely out of place in the middle of strip mall full of hardware stores but really cute inside and worth the few mile drive off the strip. We were greeted immediately and seated the second a table got cleared. The waitresses were super attentive and knowledgable about the food. The man who I'm guessing was the manager checked in on us numerous times. The waters and coffee were constantly refilled. It took a bit to get the food but it was crowded. The food was totally worth it. Our group got the chicken fried steak and eggs, french toast, and a spanish omelette. The portions were big and everything was terrific!I will definitely be coming back next time i'm in town :)
5	Very friendly staff....food was awesome !!!
4	I visited again for breakfast and had a great meal but was very disappointed with the fruit side dish.  I was unable to even poke into the fruit cubes with my fork.  Apparently they are using a low quality processed canned product rather than actual fresh fruit.  So if you want real "fresh" fruit with your breakfast I would recommend the Daily Egg a little further north on Decatur.  Their fruit is excellent - actual FRESH fruit.
5	In Vegas for business and searched for a top-rated breakfast place off the strip.  Picked Mr Mamas based on it's Yelp reviews.  So glad I did. Loved it.!  In fact, I went twice in one week.  The Greek Omelet was amazing.  So fresh and full of great spices.  Service was fabulous and owner was super friendly and extremely appreciative of my business.
5	Great breakfast. One of the best Chicken Fried Steaks I have had. About 5 minutes off the strip on Decatur . Nice owner, stopped by the table to make sure everything was okay.  Sure beats the food on the strip.Update:Breakfast was so good we went back for lunch. My wife had a great Cheese steak and Onion Rings and I had a Mr. mamas burger (1 Pound). Both were excellent. One thing we noticed just sitting there. Do you ever notice how they usually clean a table in a cafe. Just wife off the table right where the people were sitting. At Mr Momas we watched them take everything off the table, then wipe it down and then dry it off. Each and every table, each time someone got up and left. If they are that worried about clean tables I am sure their kitchen is just as clean.
5	Met my daughter and a friend there for breakfast it was great would recommend it to anyone Very friendly service was excellent will definitely go back steak and eggs cooked to perfection
5	I had wrote a little tip but now I want to write a review ... I had a piece of French toast a pancake and soft scrambled eggs and I have never tasted anything better ... Except my grandmas French toast... My friend had the Mamas burger and said it was delicious and he wasn't expecting it to be so good! I live in LA and I wish I had this restaurant in my basement! This will definitely be the spot I go to when I visit Vegas again.
5	We found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. The servers were very nice and the food was tasty.  The owner came over and talked to us to ensure that everything was to our liking, and it was.  Our drinks were never empty and the portions were very good for the price.  This place is worth the drive off the strip if you don't want to deal with the price and hassle of eating at a casino. We will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas!
5	overly friendly and helpful staff.  great food and great prices.  thanks yep
4	good price for our food.
5	The nicest staff you will ever meet! Genuinely greeted by everyone that worked there, all smiles, same thing when we left. Denver omelet was great, cheese both inside and on top. French Toast was also great! Highly recommend to anyone.
5	From the outside you wouldn't think much of the place, but it was a nice feel inside and is clean.  All the staff were very friendly not just to the customers, but to each other and the owner came out and was conversing and socialising with a few patrons for a bit.  The service was prompt and polite. We both ordered omelets after getting some good info from our waitress and after devouring our meal we were pleasantly surprised to find that our bill was only about $16. I definitely recommend this place.
5	Excellent food & service is extremely friendly!!! Will definitely come here again on our next trip to Vegas!!!
5	Our group stopped here for breakfast, while en route to Los Angeles returning from a 5 day motorcycle tour of Southern Utah. We left Cedar City Utah at 6am and searched Yelp for a good breakfast spot in Vegas. Based on the high ratings, we decided to try Mr. Mama's. It's located about 1 mile west of the 15 Fwy. Upon our arrival, we were greeted at the door by a very friendly staff who seated us immediately. The place was very busy, but our coffee mugs were filled and orders taken pronto! We ordered omelets, pancakes, bacon and eggs, etc. Food arrived quickly, portion sizes were huge, and everything was very tasty. Service was stellar and coffee cups never ran dry. What more can a bunch of bikers ask for? Thanks Yelp! ...you didn't disappoint!!
5	If you're in Vegas and are looking for some good home-style breakfast this place is the place to be! Unbelievably friendly staff and got a chance to chat with the owner... Great guy! Wish him the best! Ended up going there twice in my 4 days in Vegas!
4	Pros:- Tons of parking- Friendly service- Large portions- $- Chicken steak, hash browns, eggs, pancakes are all decent- Check in to receive a free beverageCons:- Large parties must beware of a 20 - 30 minute wait minimum during Sunday breakfast/brunch/lunch hour
1	Went here because the great reviews! I went with my three kids who r 6, 2 & 1... we waited for 45 min plus for our food to come out. The server was great but the owner suck ass. He cooks the phone orders first then to cook customer orders who r seating at his restaurant.  No sorry, no nothing. . He still rather do the togo orders first. So, we waited & waited food came out half cooked or messed up. Soup came out so salty had to return it. So upset my kids end up not eating for 45 min.
5	We had the California Omelet and the Spinach Omelet along with home fries and hash browns and couldn't help but appreciate the freshness and great taste of the whole meal.  The staff is responsive and their customer service was very much appreciated.  This definitely beats the long lines at IHOP, Denny's and not to mention Mr Mama's service knocks those other places out of the park.  Prices are very reasonable here.  When I come back to Las Vegas, I'll be sure to come back to Mr Mama's.
5	We wanted to go to a place away from the strip. I'm sooooo happy we've found this no nonsense eatery. Plenty of great food, friendly and superb service.
3	We ate here Sunday for breakfast.  The food was a great price, and large portions, but they put these spices / seasonings throughout my entire order of omelet and hashbrowns.  It made it difficult to even taste the eggs or potatoes it was way too overwhelming. I looked at the menu and nowhere in the ingredients did it list that they would be dousing my food with green spices.  I would go back but would definitely be asking not to add all that stuff to it.  Worth a second try.
5	Well the greek salad is the bomb as far as i'm concerned i eat it prob 2 times a week and evrybody is friendly and very attentive to customers needs!!!  As well as the owner Nick he is always going around to all the tables and talking and making sure all needs are met and his employees are doing a good job!!! I will continue going down for lunch and I've had many breakfasts that were the best if for no other reason than the scrambled eggs are so fluffy and tasty i could just go in and have a plate of them!!!  thanks Mr. mama's for good job !!!!
4	love this place. cheap deals, great food, friendly service. kind of off the beaten path for vegas, but if you are looking for something tasty and cheap thats crowd-free, this is a great spot.
5	I ran across Mr. Mama's on yelp today, and I have to say I really enjoyed it. The food was good and it was a very friendly environment. It was busier than I expected by its location. This place is a hidden gem on the south side of town. I really enjoyed my Cali Omelet and my girlfriend had some amazing Texas Style French Toast. If you see this place defiantly give it a try.
5	Great food. Pleasant staff. Just the kind of local breakfast joint I look for when traveling.
3	This place was A-OK. Definitely a bargain compared to the breakfast places on the strip. However, even though my friends and I were all hungry, the food was just A-OK. It wasn't as spectacular as all the other yelpers said it was. It was filling though and gave me the energy to endure the 4 hour drive back to LA. I ordered the Mr Mama's stack, which consisted 2 sausage links, 3 pancakes, and 3 eggs. I only managed to eat 1.5 pancake, the eggs, and the sausages. The dishes were a tad bit under-seasoned, and was nothing spectacular. But it was a deal considering how close it was to the strip.
4	Great food, great service
5	We needed to find breakfast, and wanted something off the strip.  This place worked wonderfully.  Very friendly service, great diner-type food.  Highly recommend!!
5	Great place for breakfast. Good coffee (I like the Farmer's brand). They got my order wrong (asked for bacon on the side, they put it on the breakfast sandwich), but it wasn't a big issue.
5	Seriously the best omelet I've ever had. Try the Spanish with a side of pick de gallo. Great customer service as well.
4	Service was great food was delicious. Hash browns are awesome!
5	Awesome, the food, the service!
4	Two trips to Mama's in one trip?! Welp, they must be good then, eh? I would say, yay. If you want a low key place--the type of place with plastic patio furniture for their indoor diners and reasonably priced breakfast fare, this is the place for you. Now, don't go expectin' any fancy-schmancy gourmet pancakes like at IHOP or Denny's; this place keeps 'er simple by offerin' the basics without the fireworks, 'cept for a few omelettes among the eggs, hash browns and bacon basics. What it does better than any other place is service though. You enter and are immediately greeted by the dude cooking behind the counter and then swept to any open seat by your server. Within good time, your food is ready, your belly is more than full, and you are on your way with another salutation from the dude behind the counter. So, why not 5 stars? Well, I wasn't in love with the acclaimed chili omelette, as it tasted more like diced tomatoes than chili (2 stars), but luckily that was my co-eater's dish, and he loved it. I on the other hand kept to French toast and eggs and was happy but not blown away (still looking for CRUNCHY French toast, and other than trying Jinky's flaky French toast, haven't come close). Bottom line: Good food, good service, time and money well spent.
3	Good food, pleasant service.Really liked the sausage gravy.
5	Loved my breakfast special of 2 chocolate chip pancakes and eggs!  We were staying at the Paris Hotel on the Las Vegas strip with a bunch of friends and were surprised that no place serves breakfast past 11am!  For a city that doesn't sleep, what's up with that?  We found Mr. Mama's with the help of Yelp and booked 2 cabs to take our group over for some Noon-time breakfast meals!  We found the restaurant amidst warehouses and industrial buildings, but we were certainly not disappointed with the food we were served!  Service was great; portions were large.  We took notice of the owner who personally came around to tables to check on his customers.  It was also a treat to pay non-Strip prices!  Great food for a great deal!  It was totally worth the cab ride!!!
1	Burt say's   "Yelp failed me on this one!"   The reviews are good, the restaurant  is NOT.  First off this place is in an industrial complex.  You walk in and the furniture is outdoor lawn furniture.  The space is horrible.  It seems like they should be making nuts and bolts in this place,  not food.  Hey if you your gonna do a low rent cheapie food spot that's cool,  but the bill should reflect the savings, not the furniture.  Excellent warm greeting at the door.  Burt is hopeful at this point.  So Burt sits down, no butter.  They have "vegetable oil whipped spread", and when you open it looks more disgusting than it sounds.  Some yellow colored, coagulated mush that has decomposed and separated in a little puddle of water.RED FLAG - No Splenda offered.  To Burt this means they are cheap and wont carry the more costly Splenda.  Which in turn means they are also using whatever ingredients are the cheapest, not which taste the best.  The chicken fried steak was highly recommended on Yelp.  It literally made Burt gag.  Beside being cooked in some nasty flavored oil, it was smothered in chipped beef gravy.  Burt almost spit it out.  LITERALLY   The cinnamon french toast was also recommended.  That was good.  The staff was super friendly and extra nice.  Burt hates to slam a place on just one visit.  But some spots are just so bad you can never go back.  Maybe everything else is wonderful.  It's hard to believe all those great reviews can be wrong. Maybe Burt just caught them at a bad moment?  I hope so.  Take this review with a grain of salt and maybe try it for yourself?
5	Delicious!!!! Great omelet, I'm stuffed!!!! Also great customer service and smiling faces, I would definitely come back!!!
5	Best Breakfast I've had outside home. Excellent portions and fresh.. Had Mama's French Toast... Fluffy.. Will be back... :)
4	Great portions, great taste, great service. I love breakfast food.The biscuits and gravy weren't very good. But the pancakes, potatoes, french toast, were all so delicious. Definitely recommend it!
4	Very yummy food!! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is cause it's pretty small and a little crowded but the food tastes very good which is all I'm looking for in breakfast!
4	I tried out Mr. Mama's the other day while I was waiting for my car to get tinted.  I was stuck for a few hours in a neighborhood that I wasn't familiar with, so I Yelped for a good lunch place to head to in the neighborhood.  I found Mr. Mama's and was quite pleased!My hubby came to pick me up for lunch and we headed over to Mr. Mama's.  We walked in and stood at the front for a few minutes before we were greeted.  We were then told to sit anywhere we wanted too.  We grabbed a table and were greeted by our server pretty quickly.  We ordered and our food came out fast.  My hubby got a Reuben and it was delicious!  I had the chili cheese burger and it was ok.  The burger was awesome but the chili was weird.  I am a chili con carne style chili girl and the chili here was more of the Midwest style of a more tomato-y style.  If I had just gotten a regular cheese burger I think I would have been much happier.  Oh well.  It wasn't bad, just not the style I really like.  Don't get me wrong, I still chowed down on the burger though.We finished up our meal with a cinnamon roll that our server recommended.  It was one of the best cinnamon rolls I have ever eaten.  It was a big one and we decided to split it.  Once we started eating it though, I think we both wished we had ordered two so we wouldn't have had to share.  Ha ha!Overall Mr. Mama's was a good place to eat.  Good solid food, ok service, and a pretty decent menu.  Yum.
1	My first review. I drove specifically to this place because I love local business and I love family business. Initially, everything looked great. Nice staff. No wait to be seated. I was by myself. I ordered two eggs and toast. That's it. After 25 minutes, I asked my server about my eggs. She mentioned that there was a big to go order. So basically, somebody sitting on their ass was more important than a customer sitting in the actual restaurant because his order is bigger. I asked to talk to the big buff owner who made me feel that I'm selfish for wanting 2 eggs in less than 25 minutes. He was also confrontational, rude and slightly threatening. So I got up and left. Wasted my time and showed me how much he values me as a customer. I guess he didn't really need my money. Hope the restaurant thrives on to go orders, buddy.
5	My husband and I were looking for a new breakfast place to try, and with some help from Yelp, we were very lucky to have found Mr. Mama's. The restaurant is painted in a vibrant blue, and the tables and chairs have a beach feel. Overall, the restaurant was super clean. My husband ordered the Greek omelet with home fries and toast. The omelet was $8.75, plus an extra $0.50 for the peppers and onions added to the home fries. The omelet was made of four eggs, veggies, and stuffed with feta cheese. Yum!! The home fries and toast were also great. I ordered Mr. Mama's French toast, which came with three eggs and your choice of breakfast meat; I chose sausage. The eggs and sausage were very tasty, but the French toast really was the shining star of my meal. All four slices are loaded with cinnamon and powdered sugar, and when you add some maple syrup, it's magic! At the end of the meal, my husband ordered a cinnamon roll. It was fluffy, moist, and the frosting was just the right amount of sweet. The thing that really stuck out to us was the friendliness of the staff. The waitress was very on top of it, and even had recommendations for us because we were first time customers. Also, Nick, the owner, stopped by our table to introduce himself and thank us for coming in. Overall, GREAT food and service! We'll be returning here again really soon!
5	Great little local Mom & Pop (or Mr. Mama) breakfast/lunch joint.  After spending oodles of money feeding five people on the strip for several days we found Mr. Mama's on our way out of town and the bill was less than half of our previously cheapest meal.  It's breakfast diner food but it's solid, and the staff is really friendly and nice. The five stars is for a great diner breakfast at far cheaper than average for the area with great service.  I found this place to be far superior to Blueberry Hill which is touted as a local go-to breakfast place, and though Hash House a Go Go may be a bit better, it's much more expensive and they give you a lot more food than one person can eat in a meal.  Which, if you're staying in a hotel, isn't really that convenient.
5	Everything was awesome! Great service too
5	Just ate here this morning. Excellent breakfastt. We had omeletes and French toast!  Yummy. Our waitress was just fabulous. When in Vegas we will be back. You must try them
4	Mr. Mama's was completely AWESOME!! Came here after leaving the airport. The Service is great. Food was delicious and very filling. They serve breakfast all day. I had the Mama's Breakfast Burrito, it's HUGE and will completely fill you up. Make your way here before you leave VEGAS!!! We came here twice over the course of four days! It was great!
4	My friends and I were leaving Vegas and wanted to eat somewhere off the strip for good breakfast and came upon Mr. Mamas. First of all I have to say, these are the NICEST people I have ever encountered in a restaurant. Better than In n Out haha. The were very attentive to their customers and a man who I believe might be the owner seemed genuinely nice and got along with everyone very easily. Great Job!Now onto the food lol I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs with a side of french toast. My stomach did the ordering not my brain because apparently this was way to much food haha The chicken fried steak really good. Good batter, tasty meat, and awesome gravy. Color is a little off putting but after eating it, it was really great with the chicken fried steak. It came with eggs, toast, and hash browns. So it was a full on breakfast and everything tasted great. I thought the hash might have been a bit oily but together everything was still very good. I order the side of french toast ONLY because it was $1.50 haha and I was only able to eat half of it because I couldn't even finish my original order haha.Overall, this place is a great place for breakfast. Kind of far away from the 15, but it beats eating somewhere on the strip. They have really great food, the staff here is super nice, and the price is just right. So stop by on your way home from Vegas if your from CA, you won't regret it.
5	I didn't think I could rate a breakfast place 5 stars but the staff makes it worth it. They make everyone feel at home and having an open kitchen means their cooks acknowledge you as well. The food comes out quick and everything I've had for breakfast has been great. Not too greasy and big portions. There are a lot of breakfast places in the area and I've tried most. This is the best bang for your buck and you'll feel welcomed from the moment you get in.
5	Good food and nice people.
5	Great food, great people
5	I was looking for a new breakfast restaurant to try.  I was not disappointed trying Mr Mama's.  Everything we ordered was really good.  The french toast is the bomb.  You should try it if you like french toast.
5	AMAZING food. Loved every bite. Very friendly, on top of re-filling drinks, and was able to serve our large party with ease.
5	Had the Western omlette. Foods incredible and the service is top notch. Love this place!
5	This place reminds me how overrated all those buffets and breakfast spots on the strip are. It's located in a small strip mall about three miles away from the main strip. The staff here is super friendly and their service is speedy and efficient. The prices can't be beat and they definitely give you your bang for your buck. The French toast here was by far the best I've ever had...hands down! My fellow hungry hippos said that the sausage patties here are amazing as well. Also, someone in my group ordered the Cali omelette and said it was deelish. Come here and support local businesses!
5	Don't be fooled by the distance from the Strip (around a 5-7 min. taxi ride from the Mandalay Bay) and the strip-mall location. We found Mr. Mama's using Yelp and they were awesome! The food was very good, there was a lot of it, and the prices were very reasonable, especially relative to those at the over-priced, smokey, dark caverns on the Strip. The owner was super friendly and was there greeting and bussing tables! The staff was quick, friendly, and attentive. There was a brief wait which seemed constant (they were busy) throughout our stay.  This was our best breakfast dining experience in our five-day trip to Vegas.The only suggestion we had is that they should add brown sugar and real butter to the table condiments available at the tables. We'll be back!
5	Mr Mama? Sorry, that just doesn't sound right. Do they have a lunch/dinner place called Miss Daddy? Am I the only one that thinks this is weird? Anyways, how's that for an intro to this review?Now that I got your attention, Mr Mama's sure got mine after having lunch there the other day. I was impressed in a lot of ways.For starters, from the outside, the place looks like a nice little hole in the wall/mom and pop type of place. But when I opened the door and walked in, I had to do a double take. It's kind of like that one closet from that Narnia movie. Yeah, that closet. So I am directed by one of the many servers to any table that's available. The menu's are all ready to go on all the tables. What a concept. You come in, grab any available table, go over the menu, order, eat, and you're out. These guys definitely got a system down. I would say I was helped out by at least 3 different servers. That's why their service is very good. They are constantly running around. As for the food, I noticed a lot of good choices. But that day, I was really hungry and I was not gonna settle just for any burger. No sir. So I got their biggest burger called Mama's Burger. Damn. This was a case of my eyes being hungrier than my stomach. Two half pound patties, slices of avocado, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, cheese, and an onion ring. At first glance, I didn't know how to attack it. I kid you not, I was rotating my plate just looking for a chink in the armor. In the end, I ended up trying to smash it down with the palm of my hand in hopes of getting it down to the size of my mouth. Needless to say, I could only eat half of it. At that point I felt like running away crying to Mr. Mama himself (or is it herself? I don't wanna assume anything you know?). Ok, so I had dinner covered.The only thing that might be a disappointment is their hours. 6 am to 3 pm. What if I wanna redeem myself for that burger and it just happens to be dinner time? *flashback to that lunch moment* Ok, I take it back, that's not really a disappointment.So, umm, yeah go check this place out. Don't forget to redeem your free beverage when you check in.
5	What a find! We had a big party of 11 people (with 5 kids). but that did not stop the Mr Mama staff from making sure we were taken care of. They were accommodating, very friendly, nice, and hospitable.We ordered pancakes, omelets, breakfast steaks, etc. All the portions were generous and delicious. Next time I am in Vegas, I will not waste time looking for a place on the Strip. Mr. Mama has won me over!
5	Soooo delicious! Good ol' homemade breakfast. GREAT customer service! Definitely one of my breakfast spots in Vegas.
5	I LOVED my time eating here on July 19th 2013! We were a family of 6 (including a toddler) and they bent over backwards trying to get us to sit together as quickly as they could considering the restaurant was packed. The owners and our waitresses made our visit very pleasant (and great with kids, the owner got my niece to smile after her shyness). And to top it all off, the food was great! I had the chicken fried steak and home fries, delicious!!! I'm coming back in late September for Frozen Fury (GO KINGS!) and bringing friends with me!
4	Portions are big, their eggs are tasty. Great breakfast joint
5	I was just there. I had French toast, 3 eggs w/bacon. If you know the difference in good food, this is an excellent breakfast. The staff is as good as the food.
5	The greek omelet was so good, i almost ATe tHE pLAtE!
3	The omelettes was ok. But the chicken friend steak was not good. I could not taste the chicken, the gravy was salty. The service was quick and friendly.
4	I've been meaning to write this review and finally get the time to.  This is a cute little family-like place.  Only open for breakfast and lunch.  Every time we come in we are greeted and it always feels genuine not like some line someone is trained to say.  On our first visit, Nick, the owner, saw us (me and my husband) admiring the great black and white photos on the wall; he came over to share some Greek family history with us...it was great!  Several servers came to our table and made sure we had everything we needed.  The food was sooo good - freshly made!  The only thing I would recommend is to get some chairs without arms.  I have a chunky uncle that I would love to bring with me and share the awesome food and great service with, but I honestly don't think he would be comfortable (if he fits in them at all).  I'll be back soon.  OPA!!!
5	The hubby and i were looking for something different from hotel food/strip food, we happened to find this place on Yelp and let me tell you, we were so glad we did! The food was great, the portions were good and their coffee was piping hot and just tasty. Excellent  service!  The staff was friendly, attentive, and just overall great!  Defenitly coming back on our next trip here.
3	Mr. Mama's is hidden away inside a mini mall of shops off S. Decatur. They serve good food at decent prices, but I wasn't blown away like most other patrons.I went with the Chili & Cheese Omelet ($7): Cheddar Jack Cheese, Green and Red Bell Peppers, Green and Red Onions, and Mama's Chili. The chili was a bit sweet and watery in consistency...I'd order something else next time around.  I also noticed the eggs weren't as "fluffy" as I am used to, comparing it to other omelet specific spots in town.Since their chili is relatively popular, I either missed it on a good day, or my taste buds prefer thicker-hearty chilis with a hint of spice. This was a bit sweet, boring and not for me.I'm sure I will be back at some point...I'll try some of their other goodies next time.A few pics of the goodies my group ordered :
5	Stumbled across this place in Vegas and it was the best food I had the entire weekend. The owner was so personable as well as the entire staff. The food was simply amazing and you get a lot for a little. If your ever in Vegas I would suggest stopping by for a quick breakfast you will not be disappointed. Keep up the good work Mr. Detroit!!!
4	A little bit of a wait, but worth it!! Not the wait to be seated but for your order to be prepared/cooked. Came here on a Fri. morning/afternoon with the wife. We ordered breakfast. I had the veggie omelet, spinach, green and red bell, onion, mushroom, with breakfast taters and my wife had a short stack with eggs and ham. We both really enjoyed our food. The pancakes are a big portion, dinner plate size. Pancakes were good, fluffy, tasty. My omelette was eggcellent, ha, you got that. Came with toast also. Service was good and friendly. There is a wait after your food order but a wait is expected for such a busy and popular place. Will def be back.
5	Small breakfast place with really nice staff and really good food. The service was fast, friendly and the food nicely presented and really tasty. I will definitely recommend this place to friends.
5	This place is awesome! We found this on yelp, and couldn't have enjoyed it more. The owners were at he door greeting people and checking the tables to make sure you had everything you needed. The food was very good and the price was very reasonable. Will be going here every time we visit from Colorado.
5	Thank goodness for YELP.  After getting ripped of by the major hotels on food and drink....we had enough.  jumped on YELP and found Mr. Mama's.  Had breakfast for 3 under $40.  The food...it was outstanding.  Service....outstanding!  Nick, the owner was greeting tables and handing out homemade cinnamon rolls.  What a great place.  Triple D and Guy Fieri need to stop in and do a show on this place.  Clean, excellent food and service for a fair price.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Came here for lunch today with my husband.  As we walked in the door we were immediately greeted by Nick, who we believe might be the owner, and told us to sit anywhere we would like.  It was lunch time and starting to get packed.  We didn't wait long at all for our order to come out.  After reading the reviews on Yelp prior to going, I was in the mood to try the Chicken Fried Steak.  Told my waitress I wanted the chicken fried steak.  She asked how I wanted my eggs, I told her scrambled.  She asked how I wanted my potatoes - hash browns or what?  What is the what?  Did I have other option she didn't mention?  I just ordered the hash browns and got sourdough toast. I thought the chicken fried steak was very good.  My husband ordered a turkey sandwich with pepperjack cheese with grilled sourdough bread.  It came out with the bread toasted instead of grilled which made the sandwich a little bit dry. Grilled bread would have been better as requested.  The sandwich came with a large side salad which was very crisp and fresh with a very good ranch dressing.  Nick kept checking up on us to make sure we were happy customers.  We didn't mention the bread because we had a limited lunch break and didn't want to cause a fuss.  It wasn't Nick's fault the request was wrong. We had to tell our server twice what bread he wanted and how he wanted it prepared.  If I could choose another waitress I would have.  She is the only thing that really hurt the place getting five stars. When we left the place was packed with only one table open. But overall this is a good, friendly place worth coming to.  We'll be back :)
4	Customer service was on point! The door was held open by the owner and we were greeted with a warm welcome. The cooks and servers also greeted us. Our waitress made sure we were taken care of. The owner once again checked on us during our meal and held the door open for us again as we left. Can't really find good customer service anymore. The food was good, but nothing that would make me say "oh my gosh we have to come back." Got the typical eggs, sausage, toast and hash browns. Yes I am boring.  All of it was good, except my only negative comment would be that they put a dash of oregano on the hash browns. I'm not a big fan of oregano, just in marinara sauce. One of my weird food habits I guess. I do support locally owned businesses so good job with this establishment:)
5	Fantastic place away from the strip. Fresh breakfast and great service. We liked it so much we went both mornings we were in Vegas. Good food and good prices. Their pancakes are my favorite.
3	Solid breakfast joint off the Strip. French toast is the best thing we tried. But the breakfast burrito is good too. The service is outstanding and they do a good job in keeping the place clean. Other places had a wait of about 30min but this place had us wait a good 20. Plenty of strip mall parking.
5	Delicious! I had the biscuits and gravy (it's the sh*t ) and the breakfast burrito. It's truly a well worth place to eat. I thought about eating here 3 times a day but other restaurants would probably get jealous haha.
5	We came here on our way back home to so cal. Food was great and most importantly the service here was spectacular. The staff here is really friendly and everyone from our waitress, another waitress, the owner, and some big tough looking dude ( who was actually really nice) stopped by our table to see how we were doing.  They definitely put customer service first and it shows. Not to mention that their food tastes like my dads home cooking. It was gooooooood.  Highly recommended.
5	Amazing Service. As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted with a warm welcome. Table was cleaned and ready for us in 5min. Staff was constantly cleaning and very friendly. Food was so good! I didn't thing 2 eggs, bacon, hash browns, and a side of sour dough toast could taste so good! My coffee was tasty and not bitter, my husband had the chili and cheese omelet and he said that was the best omelet ever. Loved to see the owner bussing tables with his staff. Such a great and welcoming experience. We will definitely be back here more often! You guys are doing an awesome Job !
5	What a great little spot to enjoy a delicious quiet breakfast away from the strip, with EXCELLENT and friendly service! The French Toast and house potatoes were delicious and seemed to be the most popular items on the menu. Definitely will be back!
4	Good food, great service. Nice little mom and pop style cafe. Nothing fancy, but then again does good food need to be fancy? I think not. I will definitely be back.
5	We were looking for a good off-strip breakfast place to stop at on our way home to California. We found this restaurant through Yelp and since it was just west of the I-15 and on the south side of town it seemed like a good match.This isn't the place you would go to if you were trying to impress your relatives with the surroundings, because it is located in the middle of a little strip center with auto-related businesses, etc. and when you go inside it is just a basic decor. This is, however, the kind of place where you can bring the newspaper in with you to read while eating, which is what we wanted.We had the same experience as the other reviewers - we were welcomed the minute we walked in the door. Service was fast and friendly and we had the French toast, side of bacon, a Denver omelet with a cup of fruit. All of it was good. The biggest a surprise was the bill - for all that plus two drinks we had a check of only $20! After spending $70 the night before for a couple drinks and 2 appetizers at the MGM Grand we were thrilled.We will definitely be there for breakfast the next time we are in Las Vegas.
1	Truly terrible. Their ingredients are just piss poor. I was so hungry from hours on the road, and even the best spice couldn't help the sawdust they serve taste appetizing. Worst, most bland pancakes, and worst, most bland eggs I've ever tasted. A side avocado slice that had turned Brown and pinkish white tasteless tomatoes added insult to injury. Plastic chairs and tables round out a generally depressing atmosphere, with staff who are too cheerful to tell how bad the food is or how much they're screwing up. They got reprimanded by the owner for just about everything he could think of right behind me. Will specifically recommend to friends who visit Vegas to avoid.
5	We ate here on a vacation.  It was a welcome break from the strip.  Quiet, cozy, cheap, and so yummy!
5	YES, if your Balla-on-a-buget then this the place to go. Fast fun and friendly service. I asked for something and one or more the of the waitresses brought it to me. LOVED IT
5	Wow, truly a good find!  I was a little hesitant to come here but decided to give it a try rather than go with our usual Denny's. 1st, I cannot stress enough the great customer service this place has.  The owner takes pride and enjoys what he does and it shows.  2nd, my food was great.  I had an omelet plate and it was very tasty.  We come to vegas frequently, and I will be adding this place to our usual spots!
5	We ended up at Mr Mama's kind of by mistake but what a great mistake!!!  We were on our way to Phat Phranks for tacos but it was closed for the Labor Day weekend.  We started to drive up Decatur and I saw Mr. Mamas and remembered that it had a high yelp rating so we stopped in.  When we entered there was only one table available as all the rest were full.  We were quickly greeted by a man I think is the owner but we seated and asked what we wanted to drink. Our drinks came quickly and our waitress came to take our order.  I tried that day's daily special of blueberry pancakes with eggs.  The bf had eggs with sausage, hash browns and toast.  There are a lot of servers and wait people and we were constantly looked after to see if we needed more drinks or anything.  The food came very quickly even though the restaurant was crowded.  I ate my perfectly cooked eggs and then began to eat the most delicious pancakes I've ever had.  There were two big pancakes, plate sized and they were so light and fluffy with lots of blueberries.  I couldn't finish them all so took home 2 halves and even later I tried them cold and they were still delicious!!  The bf loved the sausage and said his eggs were cooked just right also.  They have lots of other selections which I will have to try now.  We were very happy with the service the food and the prices.
5	After leaving casino hotel for three days was looking for more of a home cooked meal, found mr mamas on yelp and it was just right, great service and food.
5	Great morning breakfast place... Nick and his staff are great. Food is superb. I'm a breakfast guy and Mr.Mamas does a great job. There is always a special. Just look on the board. I feel like Norm on Cheers.. Once they know your name, the staff and Nick always Greets you..! See you here! Great service and is super affordable.
5	This place was really really good! The pancakes were great and so were the hash browns. Plus for the price you just can't beat this place. The greatest part of all though was the owner. He was so attentive to each customer he had. Asking you questions, getting to know you. He made you feel special. It was like you were a guest at his home not his restaurant. Definitely will be going back next time I'm in Vegas! Thanks mr mamas for the great experience!
5	The best breakfast spot in Las Vegas! Why not leave the strip and find a reasonable priced and delicious breakfast spot! Family owned and super friendly! I ordered the California omelette and it was amazing! The portions are great for the price! Will definitely be going back on my next trip to Las Vegas!
5	What a totally hidden gem! So glad yelp directed us to this restaurant during our stay in Vegas! A million times better than anything we could've eaten in a hotel or on the strip. The servers were all so friendly! Kathy was our server and she was very attentive & made sure my coffee was always full :) Speaking of coffee... This place has the best coffee I've had in a long time! I'm a Starbucks fan and this coffee blew Starbucks out of the water. I believe they use Farmer Brothers which is beyond delicious! A gentleman who looked like the owner came to our table to make sure everything was ok with our food and also made sure we had enough refills. They really know how to make people feel welcome here! I should probably mention the amazing French toast huh! Well the French toast, eggs & bacon were perfection! My French toast was fluffy and powdered with cinnamon, it kinda reminded me of my mom's French toast back home. You gotta love a place that makes you feel like you're back home. So if you're in Vegas and want a delicious breakfast with a really great staff definitely check out this place! You won't be disappointed.
5	What a Great PlaceStopped in leaving townOwner /staff... Fantastic. Food....deliciousReturning....Absolutely
5	You like awesome food and service?! This is your spot! Prices are perfect, $20 with tip for 2! Attentive staff- clean facilities. Off the strip so none of the crazy. A hidden gem as they say. Normal portions and good coffee.
5	Good food and even better service. Staff was very friendly and attentive!Highly recommend this family run place.
5	Super awesome service. Nick, the owner walks around and makes sure everyone is taken care of. Staff can be overly helpful at times, if that makes any sense... Just numerous people coming around almost too often to check on drinks or coffee. Of course my wife and I would prefer to have too prompt service over not enough but if there ever was a negative that would be it. The food was great. We had Philly cheesesteak and albacore melt sandwiches and the side salad was decently sized. The home made ranch was good too!The French fries were awesome. Nick offered that they are topped with a little bit of oregano, white pepper, and garlic salt. I bought some to take to-go. We will definitely come back!!!!
4	Great customer service. Great prices. Most importantly, great food. Mr. Mamas seems to really care about the customers, the food came out quickly and, as mentioned, was delicious. Definitely will be coming back here.
5	We visited here on our last morning in Vegas while visiting from San Diego.  I really wish we had found this place sooner. It is a bit off strip (even further from downtown where we usually stay), but totally worth the drive.  Don't be put off because it is in a strip mall.  The interior layout is a bid odd because of this, but the decor is nice and the place is super clean.This is a nice family owned breakfast place (they also serve lunch).  The owner greeted us shortly after sitting down and was very friendly.  I love places where the owner is engaged. The staff excellent and the service was quick.  The food was outstanding and reasonably priced.  I had the Mama's short stack pancakes with eggs.  The pancakes were excellent and the eggs perfect. My wife had an omelet that she also enjoyed.  In summary, this will be one of our normal places to hit whenever we are in town!
3	I should have went with Breakfast. I should have ordered an omelet. Let's start with my biggest annoyance:I ordered a bottle of water. Menu stated $1.00. They rang me up at $1.25. Only a quarter, so I didn't complain or gripe about it. However, they should charge the prices on the menu or ring items up correctly.So my coworker read the blackboard and saw a special for Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich. So this is where I talked myself out of getting the omelet. I was like "mmmm, Philly. mmmmmm, cheese." So we subbed out the American with Provolone cheese and it was good.Our meals came, except coworkers was wrong. Instead of making a Philly, they made her pastrami. The waitress caught it so that is good. However, I really hate when one person is eating and the other still waiting for food.I did order a side salad with my sandwich and I must say, it was a pretty decent side salad. Too big even.Now onto my Philly. Overall it was a decent sandwich. It was well seasoned. I took two bites with bread and ate the rest sans bread. With bread, you would not have gotten any complaints from me. It all complimented each other pretty well. However, when you took the main ingredient and truly made it stand out on its own, that is another story. The meat was tough and a little dry. The guts of the sandwich came with lots of bell peppers, onions and mushrooms. This is a plus to me but in the end, I thought it could have used more meat.Customer service was mostly great. I am not sure of the beach tables and lawn chairs but hey, whatever works. They should keep flyswatters handy too because we were swiping those little pesky flies the whole time.Our waitress also didn't ring us up at the special price noted on the blackboard. She charged us menu prices. So again, it all comes back to my first complaint. Maybe if I had ordered breakfast, I would have had a better experience with my food. Shoulda, Woulda, Coulda.
5	Spanish Omelet was a little plain and dry for my taste. French toast was pretty good. They cook eggs a little on the runny side but I asked ahead of time thankfully and opted for over medium. I would come back. Service was GREAT!
5	I really don't think I could've liked this place more. I had the Cali Omelette and it was delicious. All the ingredients were so fresh. And the service was incredible! Everyone was super nice and the food came out fast. Will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Excellent service. Really good breakfast. Honest prices. Only issue would be better coffee.
5	Looking for a REAL MEAL!? Breakfast? This is the place you need to go. Yeah, there's a Denny's on The Strip, but Mr. Mama's offers fresh, delicious meals.We (group of 4) drove from San Diego to Vegas. We got there around 11am. Mr Mama's is about 5-10 minutes west of the Strip.I ordered the Greek omelette: it was really good, the spinach and mushrooms complemented the 4 eggs! that took to prepare this delicious grub. Side of sauteed potatoes.My friends ordered:The Denver Omelette: it was tasty and huge! he wasn't able to finish it allThe girls had the eggs, ham, potatoes, french toast and pancakes. This place is a must!The service: A+ (you'll have a server walk by and ask if you need anything or if you're ok, every 3-5 minutes)
5	Worth the drive from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  The food was top notch.  I ordered a more traditional breakfast of pancakes, bacon and hash browns, while my husband chose a breakfast burrito.  Both were amazing.  More importantly was the level of service you receive when you are here.  The owner circulates constantly and makes a point to stop and talk to everyone.  Between the servers and the owner our coffee cups were never empty and he even offered to call us a cab if we needed one to get back to the strip.  You can't go wrong here.  We will be back to try the lunch menu!
4	Yum Yum the food was delicious. Service in the place was very good and the place was very clean. Definitely a good place for breakfast when I'm in Vegas.
5	Mr. Mamas breakfast is the bomb! The biscuits and gravy are absolutely amazing and is well worth the visit. If you are looking for a breakfast spot off the strip, this is the place to go.
5	My hubby has been enjoying this gem for a few weeks by himself for awhile now!  Unfortunately it is not a convenient stop for me during the week but this Saturday we went in for an amazing meal with even better service.We walk and are warmly greeted by the owner, Nick!  He called Ken by name and we were both welcomed with a big smile and warm handshakes.  Coffee was quickly brought over by the sweet waitress, Juli.  I hope I didn't get her name wrong.  She was super friendly and provided the most amazing service - I would go back for just that, but I am very happy to report that the food was just as wonderful.Ken ordered french toast and a side of hash browns.  I have been trying to behave lately and was still in a food coma from Fogo de Chao the night before so I ordered their veggie egg white omlete with home fries and wheat toast.  Let me tell you - it was the best egg white omlette I have ever had in Vegas - so fluffy and seasoned perfectly with large amounts of FRESH veggies.  It was perfectly cooked.  The home fries were delicious too but I prefer them crispier - that's on me though there was absolutely nothing wrong with them.Juli was very attentive and friendly throughout and at the end Nick came by again to see if everything was ok and thanked us for coming.  I can see this becoming our regular Saturday morning breakfast place!
3	This to me represents the real Las Vegas that the locals would experience. When you look further than the glitz and glam of the strip you find some charming little (and odd) places. Mr. Mamas offers great food in an odd industrial atmosphere. The restaurant is in a strip mall industrial park. When you enter the building you feel as though you should be getting tires installed or picking up wholesale plumbing supplies. But instead there is a kitchen that makes excellent breakfast food! It's so weird!My wife had the breakfast wrap and myself the Cali Omelette. Although they did mess up my order (I had asked for no sour cream) they were quick to fix it and the server was very nice. I enjoyed the food; it was defiantly a step above Denny's. Fresh avocado and more than reasonable prices. I think our whole meal after tax was $16!Now the weird thing: they refuse to stock peanut butter! I've never experienced a breakfast place that intentionally didn't have peanut butter!I had a long chat with the server about this and apparently it's not an allergy issue, and many other people have requested it. She begged me to talk to the owner as he "will not listen to requests from the staff" and told me a story that only after enough customers demanded did they finally get Splenda despite the other servers all telling the owner how much it was asked for. I found the whole thing a little weird. Had I not been so full from the omelette I probably would have been more annoyed. I ended up not eating the toast as a result. Just can't do jam. Too sweet. So anyway all and all it is a great place to eat. Nothing special or exotic but if you are looking for cheap eats off the strip come on down. Good basic local food in an interesting location. If it were not for the owners not listing to their staff if give it 4 stars. I'll update the review on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Mr. Mama,Mahalo fo da hospitality!Have fun in Maui.  If you get one chance, go to Sam Sato's.  It's like your place. . . . .only locals.  Aloha!
5	Today is my husband'a birthday, and after dropping the kids off at school, we wanted to grab breakfast.  We've lived in Vegas since January and have not yet found a good local non- chain restaurant (we had a hand full of favorites in Cali)- until now. The energy, the service, the cleanliness and the food were outstanding.  I do not normally write reviews, but this place really deserves a great review.  The owner came over to greet us, we mentioned it was out first time and he said he will make sure it will not be our last!  He was right, we will definitely be back.  Oh and as we were leaving, I happened to glance over and saw one of their salads being brought out, it was ridiculously huge!  Easily shared!We ordered: The California Omelette, Mama's French Toast, and the Cinnamon bun!  I can't wait to try the lunch!
5	A friend introduced me to Mr. Mama's and I love it.  It's no ritzy place, it's just exactly what it is (if that makes sense).  The food is diner style and pretty damn good.  Consistently.  Everything from Breakfast to Lunch, all good.  Plus the staff is always happy to see you and thank you for coming, I like that.  Good people, good food, love it.
4	Went here this morning, had the chicken fried steak which was very good, and also tried there cinnamon roll. Food was served very quick and service was outstanding. Classic breakfast joint!
4	It's  difficult to give a 5-star rating to a breakfast place.  There is so much one can do with eggs.  That said, this place deserves 4 stars.  It's well run.  The menu includes mostly eggs and sandwiches serving all day long.  The price is reasonable.
5	I have not received this much great service in a small mom and pop place in a while. Great food, friendly environment. The owner and his staff are very charismatic. Delicious food!!!
5	I almost never give a five star rating. Mr. Mama earned it in every way possible.  Food, service, and cleanliness. Great family spot.  Nice portions.
5	In Vegas on vacation and did not want to eat at the tourist spots. I found all the great reviews for this place and they did not disappoint. Great food, great service, great prices.Try the sausage gravy- to die for.
4	First timer so far they provide an excellent service, in a customer friendly environment. Oh wow ... I'm impressed the food is DELISH will definitely recommend this place. AWESOME !
4	The food was fresh and very good. The menu needs some updating. There was nothing interesting or different and unique to order , except the regular breakfast dishes. It was  a great price and the staff was very friendly.
5	This place is awesome. Inexpensive and really good. Super friendly people. The owner Nick is a super nice guy and made us feel so much like family we went back the next day and ate there again. Cant wait to go back out to Vegas to eat there again.
5	Place was nice and clean, wasn't busy but I'm not complaining. The food was fresh and well presented and of course tasted great. The staff was very attentive,nice, and we were in good hands. The owner came to checked on us and even offered different sites for us to visit since we were from out of town. This was a nice gesture since you don't see that too often. I had the Cali omelet, and changed it up and they very accommodating which is a great thing. My only suggestion is that instead of fruit from a can, fresh fruits as a side would be the cherry on top. We would definitely recommend this place and eat here again.
5	Sooo this little place is really a diamond in the ruff. When we first pulled up to this place I told my husband " I do NOT want to eat here" but I was meeting a friend who wasn't answering her phone so I had to go in. When I walked in I was greeted at the door because my friend was already inside waiting and they kindly took us straight to her. After taking our drink orders we were greeted by the owner and he even told us a little hx. on the place. I thought that was pretty rare. Anywho, The food was Awesome. I had the French toast and my husband had a spinach omelet. The friend had chicken fried steak. No complaints! for 3 ppl we paid about $35 bucks that includes drinks and tax. I love this place I will be back.
5	Awesome breakfast and friendly staff. Its that good that its worth skipping hotel's complimentary breakfast.
5	We went to Mr. Mama's for breakfast this morning.  We were warmly greeted when we walked in.  The place was clean and we were served by Julie.  She was friendly and provided I great service.  A few minutes later Nick came by to say hello.  The food was great.  We both had omelette's and neither of us could finish it.  My husband is a big breakfast eater so we were far from disappointed.  We are staying at the Encore but wanted something off the strip.  Well worth the drive and we will be going back before our trip ends.
5	I will be back. The owner is friendly and checks on customers to ensure everyone is satisfied with the food and service. The entire staff is extremely nice and comes to your table regularly to make sure you have everything you need. Food is delicious- pancakes are full of flaver. We were adventurous and had the chilli cheese omelet.  Yum! It's heavy but will keep you full. Will be back again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	MMMMMM good! First time visitor, great food and service. Biscuits and Gravy are different, but delicious.  Pancakes are awesome, looking forward to a second visit.Sorry just don't have anything negative to report.   Give Mr. Mama's a try for yourself!
5	So yummy! Friendly staff always on their toes making sure you have everything you need. The food is out of this world good! Can't wait to go back and have that delicious omelet again.
5	Delicious food, fast and friendly service, great value, and a very clean restaurant. I had their Spanish Omelet with hash browns ; cooked to perfection! I also a turkey sandwich to get me through the return flight home. I'm sure that these folks can make a sandwich!
5	Very good local breakfast place.  The owner and staff seem to really care about quality of service.  The food was cooked correctly and served quickly.  If we come back to Vegas we will definitely come back.  If I had a breakfast restaurant, I would make it almost exactly like this place.
5	Great breakfast and service.! We will definitely visit again.
3	I really want to like this place, but the food unfortunately was only ok. The staff and owner were VERY nice, I would come back to try again. I love me a breakfast burrito, but this one was just ok. I don't know what it was missing, but it just left me wanting a little more. The salsa they brought with it was good, but I don't know, something was missing. The bacon looked like ham, but it was bacon, maybe there wasn't enough bacon. Hash browns in side were good. Good amount of cheese too. Friend ordered fries too, which were good. I tried a friend's biscuits and gravy and honestly wasn't impressed. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good. I really want to like this place, and it has such good reviews, but I wasn't blown away. I'm sorry Mr. Mama's but I'll try again. Especially for the price. I think my big burrito was only like $6.25 or somewhere around there. Makes my heart and wallet happy :)
4	Today was a multiple stop day and I included breakfast on the list of things I had to do.  I've been going to try Mr. Mama's for several months and today was it.As soon as I entered, a server told me to sit anywhere I was comfortable.  That's what they said to everyone entering the restaurant and it's really a nice way of saying, "Come on in.  You're welcome here.  make yourself comfortable."I had coffee quickly and the server gave me the password for the wifi which was quite zippy.  I like when it works the way it should.  I ordered the Cali omelette which is Cheddar Jack Cheese, Sausage, Pico de Gallo, Salsa, Sour Cream, Topped with Avocado.  With it came hash brown potatoes and two slices of swirled rye toast.  The menu says all omelettes are made with 4 eggs. The breakfast was really very good.  My coffee was refilled and I had a good time watching the cooks do their thing behind the counter.  They do a fair amount of take out and it was interesting to watch them get the boxes and bags ready.Mr. Mama's is in the commercial area in the Valley View/Decatur area and there are a number of car repair places there.Besides the good taste of the food, the thing I most take away from my visit is the genial nature of the staff.  You are welcome there and they let you know your business is appreciated.  Thank you Mr. Mama!
2	This place is so unprofessional. I'm not going to deny that the food is good but they were advised that I have a condition where I eat and drink very slow. While I was still here , they cleared my table, wiped it and practically asked me to leave because there was a party of 7 waiting. They even pushed another table against ours and gave us the impression that we have to go. I have never been treated this way in my 8 yrs living in Vegas. If you are willing to stuff ur food down ur throat, chug ur drink and run out the door, I recommend this place and ask for Julie. They normally interviewed u as u r leaving but they didn't even try with me because maybe they saw I was uncomfortable and pissed. Oh I forgot, while I was eating, the waitress asked around 5 times if I wanted a box or take our plates. Too bad my wife us a food critic for a local newspaper and the review is not going to be as good as mine. This is insensitive to people with special needs. I DO NOT RECOMMEND IN GENERAL. Take it to go!!!
5	The service was excellent and the food was even better! I highly recommend you try this place.
5	This little gem off the strip is bomb! I love breakfast foods and Mr. Mama's did not disappoint! It was the last morning of my Vegas trip and I wasn't about to jump on the plane without filling my tummy with some good eats.Biscuits and gravy, greek omelet with fresh feta, fluffy pancakes, and homemade crispy hash browns were so delicious that I couldn't stop stuffing my face with all the yummy'ness. Okay, I did share with my bff and husband but I swear I could've eaten everything if given the chance. This place serves up some great breakfast items for very reasonable prices. Service is awesome and ample parking available. Give it a try, you will be happy you did.
5	Awesome place! Went here with a family of 4, and ate real good food for under $40. We were all extremely full, and the service was great. Nick is a real cool guy, very warm and inviting place. Definitely recommend it for people visiting not trying to spend big $$$ on a overrated brunch buffet!
5	Everything was awesome!  The greek salad was so fresh and had loads of feta :)  My tuna melt was the best I've ever had and I loved the choices of sides instead of just the usual fries.  It was crowded but service was awesome :)  We will be back!
4	Nice place to eat breakfast.  The restaurant was very casual and the food was very good. I had the French toast which comes with eggs and bacon.  The eggs were moist and fluffy,  bacon was meaty and crisp and the French toast was great. The service was good and so was the coffee. Worth the drive.
4	tip: real friendly and attentive service.Chili omelet was ladled inside and out which was a real nice touch.  it wasn't drenched in it but just slathered in which was great.   French toast was average, nothing out of the ordinary, bacon was very thick which was good but could be a bit crispier.
5	Love this neighborhood breakfast spot!  The owner and severs make you feel right at home here.  I first ordered the biscuits and gravy and our server warned me it's not like traditional gravy, she let me try a sample first, although it wasn't bad. It's just not what I was used to.  I got the chocolate chip pancakes instead and a cinnamon roll.  My boyfriend ordered the biscuits and gravy and bacon and eggs.  Food tasted fresh and homemade.  Definitely coming back to try other breakfast specials and maybe even for lunch!
5	Great service, clean and great food, this place doesn't run shy of 5 stars in any way.
5	What a fantastic place for breakfast! My friends and I loved it so much we ate here two mornings in a row. Nothing but positive thoughts about this place. The owner was so nice and attentive and talked with us while we waited for a table. Great food and unbeatable prices. Really loved the chocolate chip peanut butter pancakes. YUM
4	great food!  Friendly service.  Decor is simple (plastic chairs and tables)
4	Visiting Vegas and wanted to get some good food. Casino Buffet was a joke and to expensive.  Saw the reviews for Mr. Mama's and decided to try breakfast.  We were not disappointed.  Good food for a great price.
5	Best lunch in town. Friendly staff. Always clean. I come here 2-3 a week and there's always something different to choose from.Watch out for that cinnamon roll..holy moly.
5	I love this place, great people, great food! Perfect little breakfast or lunch spot. All that and they love my shirt!!! Shirt image not available....
5	Just left breakfast, great quality food. What sets this place apart is the customer service. The owner is at the door, greeting every customer and making sincere conversation. All the servers are making rounds and refilling drinks, not just the one taking your orders. Prices are beyond reasonable, especially compared to the strip. I had the biscuit and gravy, which wasn't typical black pepper gravy. The waitress offered a sample before I ordered. The owner said it is sausage, bacon, and a little maple syrup. Not bad at all, although I personally prefer traditional southern style. My husband got the breakfast burrito and was happy with it. Not overstuffed, and you could taste every ingredient. Will definitely come back
5	Great breakfast. Omelets are excellent. Friendly and attentive staff.
5	This place is perfect. Excellent service, better than at some $$$$ restaurants I've been to. Hash browns were superb. French toast was very good. Only negative was the coffee, but that doesn't keep this place from being a five star establishment. Skip the typical buffets and head here!!!
5	We were looking for a great place to eat good food and not pay 'the strip' prices...and we found it here.Great food (I had the Western omelet and home fries), great service, and a great price.  Everyone was full and we paid less than $10 each including drink. Would highly recommend.
1	They didn't allow me to sit there for three hours during the lunch to do my work because there are getting busy. Will never show up here again.
5	This place really is awesome. If you are looking. For a really nice omelet, pancakes, French toast or just a good sandwich this is the spot. Very reasonable pricing, OUTSTANDING service and very good food...avoid the strip and enjoy a good meal with a small / local business. The owner was there the second time and treated everyone like family. I strongly encourage you to give this place a try!
5	Superb! Staff is extremely friendly and the breakfast is delicious. My wife and I are very particular on our breakfast sandwiches and the waitress took our orders with a smile and brought exactly what we asked for. Thank you!
5	We were on the way out of Las Vegas on Friday morning, and we yelped a place for breakfast.  Mr. Mama's will not disappoint.  The prices are right and the service was friendly and fast.  We will definitely be here again the next time we're in town!
5	Don't waste your time on the Strip. The food is great here and the people are really friendly and inviting. Great pancakes and steak & eggs!
1	I'm really not happy. I was really hoping to try here and called to order delivery. I was told they won't deliver to me because I live at the Mandarin Oriental Residences at the City Center and it's 'too far'. I'm literally a few blocks away?! Ten minute drive to be exact. This is a first for me on being denied delivery from a restaurant. Too bad for them since I'm always very generous in tipping. So I guess they don't deliver to apartment buildings.
3	We were eager for a quick breakfast.  We were greeted by smiling faces and savory aromas of the hash that was being slung!  The restaurant is located in a strip mall, with very easy access.  The owner walked to each table to greet us and find out about each of his patrons with friendly conversation.  The restaurant is clean and well lit, with plenty of helpful servers.The food was average diner style food.  We had the french toast (probably could have used vanilla and maybe whipped cream w/berries to jazz it up a bit)...but for diner-style, it was on par.  My husband enjoyed the pancakes, they were large and fluffy (one would suffice).  Eggs were fresh and cooked soft, the way we like them.  The breakfast bacon was thin, but cooked properly.  Skip the orange juice...it was very concentrated and tasted canned.  The only good thing was that we saved the 2 bucks it would have cost, because we "checked in" on Yelp!All in all, this is an okay place for quick, cheap eats.  The service and warm welcome we received are both worth a return trip!
4	My wife and I had a great breakfast. The staff was wonderful and helpful. Mr Mama was great going around checking if everything is OK. Very clean and nice place to eat. See you in January.
4	Definitely not frilly or gourmet. This is a room with lawn chairs and tables. The staff are friendly and the food is solid. I have a new favorite- Greek omelet with added gyro meat and a side of tzatziki (sp?) with home fries without onions and peppers. Boyfriend has had the pancakes and says they're pretty solid as well.
5	We found this little gem on yelp.  I would have never stopped here. In fact we missed it the first time we drove by. Don't let the location or simple sign out front fool you. I walked in and found a packed "dive" which is always a good sign. The wait was 15 min and we had a flight to catch so I walked out to check with my bf. The hostess ran out to tell us a table just got up and we could be seated immediately. (So nice!) we ordered quickly despite the large menu. We were looking at all the other diners plates as we walked by. The French toast looked amazing! We ordered coffee, OJ, the Greek omelet and the Cali omelet with a side of French toast. The coffee was smooth and strong. Coffee was not fresh squeezed (but that's ok for a dive).The food and service was above our expectations!
5	Had breakfast here yesterday~Thanks Vegas yelpers for the great reviews!My gf and I shared the breakfast burrito and popular french toast.Pocket friendly prices, great customer service, lots of seating, clean bathroom and no problems with parking. Love the hours!!!Will come back to try more things of the menu!-Miss Yelp 2013
5	We had the biscuits and gravy and the cali omelet and both were simply amazing. Everyone was so friendly as well. Will be returning our next visit to Vegas
5	Cheap, fast and delicious breaky food! Another great discovery off the Las Vegas strip! Loving the cheap eats whenever we travel. This spot beats any $50 breakfast buffet. Plenty of parking in a decent sized lot.Plenty of seating even when they are packed, the wait doesn't seem long. We were lucky enough to show up right before a huge crowd of people slowly woke up with their Vegas hangovers. :PI really liked how simple my omelet was and the portion wasn't too big or too small.Service was extremely attentive and friendly. The owner was kind enough to stop at our table and ask how we were doing (love that personal touch).A must for you car-renters when in Vegas. :)
5	Just had breakfast there last week.  Amazing!  Super excellent service, food was outstanding.  My husband had the chicken fried steak and loved the gravy. I myself am not usually a fan of cream gravy but their's is spot on. Excellent recipe.  More neighborhoods need a Mr. Mamas.
4	wanted to try food off the strip. this place is the spot! great food , gravy was soooo yummy. best part? the staff!!! very very friendly. will be back on my next trip to sin city..
5	Great breakfast at a great price!We tried Mr. Mamas today for breakfast based on other favorable Yelp reviews. We liked it! Julie our waitress was pleasant and accommodating. Nick the owner gets around to all the tables to check in with them and he too was very pleasant. We had the Cali Omelet. Very good. We tried the home fries. Just okay. We'll be trying the hash browns next time. We also sampled the sausage gravy and the chili. Both yummy. We'll be back!UPDATE - 11/14/2013We're back!  Today we had the Chili Cheese Omelet and hash browns. The omelet was very good, though we favor the Cali Omelet a bit more. The hash browns were very good. We much preferred them over the home fries. Claudia was our waitress and she was just as attentive to our needs as Julie was yesterday. Nick was his usual cheery self. Very warm and welcoming. We REALLY like this place. We'll come back next time we're in Vegas!
5	I'm lucky enough to work just a few blocks from this place and when I order a delivery the food is always fast, hot, and delicious. Their delivery driver, Sean, is always friendly and they don't hit you with some outrageous delivery charge that I would rather give as a tip anyway. On the rare day that I have had the pleasure of dining in the atmosphere is always laid back and the service is great no matter how busy they get. Trust me they can get pretty busy but they run like a fine tuned machine. Never once have I been told by the staff that I wasn't in their section. They all work together totally copacetic.
2	I didn't really care for the food and it was a little pricey. The gravy was salty, has browns were cold and my omelette was runny. I was extremely disappointed.
5	Mr. Mama's is the BEST, hands down. The food is delicious,  the Staff is outstanding with the best service I have ever recieved, and the Owner greets all guests when they enter, takes time to talk to the customers and always thanks them for their patronage. It is an experience like no other! You'll feel like one of the family.
5	Great place for breakfast!  Busy, but they try to keep everyone moving, without rushing you.  Food was great also.  Would love to go back and try lunch, but for now breakfast will do.
5	Mr. Mamas great food & service.
5	It was worth the 30 minute wait. I had the Cali Omelet. Fabulous ! Service is very good. Friendly people.Fenton give it a 2 thumbs up!Oh & reasonable prices.
5	Very delicious food. The service was great. Prices were reasonable. They give you a lot of food.
5	Hidden gem in Vegas. If you're looking for home cooking at a reasonable price, then M R Mama's is for you. A must try is the French toast, hands down better than any I've had in LV.
5	The Cali omelet is the best I've ever had. The avocado is fresh and the pico delicious. Very friendly staff who is attentive and makes service a priority. The decor and location are deceiving, Mr. Mama's could be in any major Vegas casino and top them all. Visit this restaurant, you won't regret it.
4	The only reason I am not giving 5 starts is the location.  However, do not let the decor food you. This was by far the best breakfast I had while in Vegas. I had the ham and cheese omelette with grits and hash browns. Whoever is the egg cook deserves a raise. The portions were large. I only needed 1 pancake as I could not eat all of it. And the service matched the food. Everyone greeted you with a smile. We were discouraged by the taxi driver as he said it would be difficult to get a cab back to the Bellagio.  However, Mr. Mama's has a dedicated cab company that arrived in 10 minutes.You have got to give this a chance. Do not be discouraged by those on the strip.
5	Let me just say that I have lived in both the Northern US and the Southern US and never would I have expected to have one of "THE BEST" breakfasts out in Vegas!  This little strip-plaza restaurant, that looks so unassuming, has some of the tastiest food I've ever had!  It's simple, everyday American food, nothing foo-foo or that you can't pronounce and the service was genuinely friendly and caring.Definitely try the French Toast and their country ham.  I was a little unsure as to whether or not to get the ham since usually restaurants make it too salty but I gave it a try and it was PERFECT!  The French Toast was light and fluffy and just plain GOOD!  It was certainly worth the $30 round-trip cab ride from our hotel on The Strip.
4	She had the chili omlette and a 1/2 order of the biscuits and gravy. I had the eggs with sausage and pancakes. Great pancakes and service. Omelette was kinda runny but still good. It wasn't something super special, but definitely will go back.
5	This was the most amazing breakfast I have ever had in Vegas!  The owner was awesome, the food was satisfying and so tasty!!  We will be back when ever we can!!! Biscuits and Gravy - OMG - I want more already!! Did I mentioned the service... awesome!!
5	Awesome service, awesome food...just like homemade! Will make this a regular stop when I'm in Vegas!
5	Our office has ordered here about 4 times over the past few months, all times we had delivery. The two most recent times were today and yesterday. My cousin, our GM, and I loved our omelets so much we had to order them two days in a row for breakfast. We called between 7:30a-8:00a both times and the food was literally to us within 10 min, no joke (our office is just around 1 corner from them). Hot and delicious. Hmmm if only Angelina's down the road could take a seriously lesson on customer service from Mr. Mamas that would be nice! Anyway...the delivery driver Sean is super awesome, always chats with us and very friendly. He seems to like his job there and has nice things to say about the restaurant which always make it a more enjoyable experience for the customer :) My cousin and I got the Greek omelet both times and both times they were great. The eggs are always cooked perfectly and you can tell the chef knows how to make an omelet; I've had some pretty nasty ones like where they were stuck to the pan or the edges were hard from starting to over cook. Eww. The ingredients you can tell are fresh and not from a can. In the Greek was spinach, tomato, and feta cheese which is my fav part. Our GM had the veggie omelet made with egg white only and side of sliced tomato's. Again egg whites cooked perfect. I wish I woulda taken a photo :( Anyway I could go on about how much I love this place. We will be trying the lunch menu next. HORRAY FOR A PLACE WITH GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE, FAST DELIVERY, YUMMY FOOD, AND DOESNT FUCK UP YOUR ORDER. FINALLY!
5	I cannot imagine a better example of how great Yelp is. With family in town for the PBR finals, I was tasked with finding a breakfast joint that didn't require a long wait in line for a mediocre meal. So, like any good Yelper, I turned to the one tool I can always rely on for great ideas: yep, you guessed it - Yelp!Clearly the Yelpers of Las Vegas have fallen in love with this unassuming little breakfast gem, and for good reason - absolutely the best prices you could imagine for a breakfast that's as good as it can be.You can tell the staff really love working here. Everybody's always smiling and the manager is bound to stop by and make sure you've got everything you need. The quality of the ingredients is hard to miss, from the thick-cut, savory bacon to the fresh avocado slices and some darn good marble rye bread, everything is prepared with the kind of attention that only comes from a team who cares about quality. I am truly considering becoming a morning person, just so I can make Mr. Mamas a daily stop.
5	There are places where customer service is non existent all over America. Mr. Mama's is NOT one of them. They not only have the book on the best customer service, but have added to it.They are very attentive and the owner makes sure you have nothing but the best experience!The food cannot be fresher and tastier. Wow! Hot, fresh, great tasting and prepared fast!The wait staff - simply amazing!I wish I lived locally as this would be our new favorite.We will be returning tomorrow for breakfast before we fly out of Las Vegas back to NY.
5	The food is sooooo good and the staff is very friendly!  We will definitely come back!
4	Once we walked in, the hostess was very nice and polite. It was a packed house but we were seated fairly quick. Our server was Julie. She was friendly, attentive and overall pleasant. The food came quickly. The biscuits and gravy was yummy. The pancakes were great & eggs were cooked on point. I think this is a mom and pop type joint so I can appreciate the quality put into it.
5	We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but it was well worth it. The buttermilk pancakes and breakfast burrito were fantastic. The coffee was excellent too. Would definitely go back!
5	GREAT Breakfast! On our way out of Sin City decided to try this amazing breakfast spot. Our server Julie was awesome! Party of 5 and we tried a variety of things from the menu French toast, mamas burger, Spanish omelette, ALL great! This place deserves 5 stars!
5	Based on a search for the Best Breakfast in Las Vegas we found this hidden gem. Nick, the owner, meets and greets everyone; he will even spend time chatting with you table side. The food is very good and plentiful. Well worth a visit.
5	I absolutely love this place!! The owner and staff are always super helpful and friendly. I come here at least 4 times a week and can never imagine getting sick of this place. The food is made fresh and always comes out hot :) just like I like it. Good job mr mamas for your hard work and excellent food!! You deserve no less than 5 stars. See you soon :)
5	A little outside the Strip, but one should definitely come here for breakfast.Food is amazing, service is excellent!!! We had the Spanish omelet n pancakes..pancakes are one of the best I have had...n the staff never let's your coffee cup go empty...a really good place in all!!!
5	Just left Mr Mama's (been there so many times, lost count) I always get the same thing, and it's always the same....excellent! It's worth the drive across town to get there and it's worth the wait to eat there! I recommend it to ALL who want a great breakfast experience :-)
5	So after reading the reviews we gaff to try Mr. Mamas it did not disappoint. The biscuits and gravy were delicious. They make the gravy with syrup and the waitress offered fir me to try a sample before ordering the biscuits, which was very nice, but it was delicious. My husband had the mamas burrito smothered in the home made chili and a side of Pico, he was very full and the food was great.While we were eating an unruly gentleman came in and started barking orders at the staff and making a scene. The owner kindly asked him to quite down or leave, the gentleman proceeded to be an Ass, So he was asked to leave, yelling out the door obviously. The owner handled it very nice and then came around to each table to apologize.
5	We were trying to eat at Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris hotel on the strip but their valet parking was full. So we searched on yelp for a good place near by...Mr. Mamas came up and so we went! Let me just say the owner knew how to show hospitality and take care of you to feel welcome. We were also greeted by a sweet and polite 15 year old busboy that took our drink order. And soon after that our female server took our order. Now she was also fantastic and took great care of us. She was that cute Japanese girl. My kids ordered the typical eggs, bacon, sausage, hash brown,  ham and pancakes combos. My wife and I decided to order the Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs. Everything was delicious! I highly recommend this restaurant!!! I was really impressed with how this place treated customers and the way they make you feel so welcomed. Excellent. I will tell all of my friends and we will definitely visit them often.
4	Came to visit Las Vegas and wanted a good breakfast place away from the strip. Thanks to yelpers we found a little gem.Everything was delicious based on the crowds and our selection of meals. Great French toast! Simple and fluffy. Nothing crazy. The chicken fried steak is amazing. Great breading and the gravy gives it an amazing finish. The gravy is not for the weak-hearted. Plenty of sausage, bacon and maple syrup! What? Maple syrup? yes, and it is wonderfully amazing. Biscuits and gravy? Awesome for the same reason stated above. Sausage patties are well seasoned and a cut above average. The service was good and attentive. Good coffee too. Wonderful experience and would return when in Vegas.
5	Had the greek omelet. ..awesome. husband loved the chicken fried steak. Definitely coming back. Good prices too. Quick service.
4	Hostess was very accommodating of our group, and kept us frequently updated on the status of our table. We were able to look at a menu before being seated, & the process of ordering was very easy. The menu offered numerous options & the portions were very generous.  Everyone was satisfied with their meals, from omlettes to pancakes. Friendly & efficient staff rounded out the experience. Tried this place based on other yelp reviews & it definitely did not disappoint. We will definitely visit again!
3	First time I tried this restaurant.    Food was very fresh and good.  Service was not good.  Took forever to get a drink refill.  Never came back with my change from the bill until I asked.  No spoon for the coffee.  I will try it again and hope I get a better servcer.
4	Fantastic service here. Really kind people. Told us the wait would be half an hour but they seated us in 15 minutes. I ordered the chili, which was a bit spicy for my taste, but I'm a spice weakling. The thing that stood out, really, was the seriously good home fries. The best I think I've had. My brother enjoyed his French toast, and my mom's custom order came out perfectly.Will return if in the area again.
4	Our first time here and def exceeds expectations! Hostess who is the owners daughter is super nice & sweet! Said wait time was 30min got seated in 15! We ate the biscuits and gravy and chicken fried steak which was the best we've had so far!! The biscuits were small but they make their gravy w sausage and bacon which was diff but tasted good! Service is good too, never felt like I had to search for my waitress! Overall great place to get filled for a decent price! Not your average Vegas prices! Def affordable! We left full and happy! Nap time! :)
5	After spending five days in the Death Valley / Vegas area I was in need of a good hearty breakfast to fuel my days journey. Being the owner of a small Chicago-land restaurant (Nu Crepes)I'm keen on the importance of Yelp to small independently-owned restaurants. Once again Yelp and their reviewers came thru for me. They directed me to Mr. Mama's.  Loved this place. Simple breakfast done perfectly. Which is not as easy as it sounds. Great staff, super friendly, attentive and accommodating. Worth the wait. Do yourself a favor and wait if you have to. Life is short, so be patient and savour the goodness that will come when you get your delicious breakfast. I will certainly be back on my next trip out west.
4	This was our first time here. . The service was Fantastic and Fast!!! The food is delicious and filling. ..we will be back soon!!
5	Amazing. Don't bother eating breakfast on the strip. Go where the locals go. You won't be sorry. Doesn't matter what you order you will leve happy. And full.
5	great service, great food and great prices.   i highly recommend this place!!!!!
5	This place is great.  Food served fast, and we were greeted by a  friendly owner. And my breakfast burrito was the best.
5	Yelper's definitely did me a solid! The portions are great and the food was outstanding! I think this is one of the most generous breakfast places I've ever been to!!I mean when you walk in it's nothing spectacular, and you look at their menu and think, wow they don't have as much as most breakfast places.....But they're so much better than most breakfast places! Our bill for 2 breakfasts and 2 drinks was less than $20 yet we couldn't even finish our food!I ordered the California omelette and OMG I definitely recommend that to anyone! Huge chunks of perfectly ripe avocado with really tasty pico de gallo! The omelette was literally the size of a football! The service itself is like any other breakfast joints, but definitely worth the trip off the strip!
4	Great way to end a Vegas weekend! We stopped into Mr. Mamas for Sunday breakfast. Thankfully it wasn't crowded yet.  The restaurant seems to fill up quickly. The service is great! You won't find yourself flagging down an employee here. :)The omelets are big enough to share, it comes with potatoes and toast of your choice. Their French toast had a great fluffy texture. This is a great place to have breakfast without breaking the bank!!!
5	As awesome as the Las Vegas Strip is, you have to venture beyond it's bright lights and try some of the other amazing things Vegas has to offer.  My boyfriend selected this location after asking a friend of his who used to live in Vegas where a good breakfast spot was.  His friend told us to immediate go to this spot.  To hang up and drive as fast as legally possible.We're so glad we listened to him.  Mr. Mama's is a hole-in-the-wall spot but you can tell it stays busy, with the amount of tables packed into the restaurant.  We were immediately greeted by everyone and seated, with our beverages soon to follow.  If you don't know what you feel like eating, be warned.  EVERYTHING on the menu sounds delicious.  I went with an idea in mind but still ended up having to choice between 3 dishes.  I settled on the chicken fried chicken dish and loved it.  Juicy on inside, moist on the outside and nice, thick country gravy.The owner came up to talk to us when we were done--it seems that it's his M.O. there and is a part of the charm of Mr. Mama's.  He pointed out that he remembered chicken fried chicken from his childhood and that's why he included it on the menu.  Hands down, this was one of the best food spots I've been to in Las Vegas.  Get away from the strip sometime and taste the awesomeness of this place. You'll be glad you did.
5	Came here for lunch while visiting from out of town.  Really enjoyed the chicken fried steak, philly cheesesteak, chili cheese fries and home fries.  Every employee was very personable and the owner makes the rounds to make certain that the experience was top notch.
5	If you're looking for some good ol' hearty breakfast while you are in Vegas, Mr. Mamas is the place to go.  Be prepared to wait about 20 mins or so if you get there after 9AM on any given day.  The owner of Mr. Mamas is Greek and he is the BEST!  Service here is top notch and prices are affordable.  Try their biscuits and meat gravy.  Very interesting flavors as they mentioned to me that the gravy has a hint of maple syrup in it.  Deliciously surprising!  Me and the wife went again the following day and would go again if we stayed another day.
5	Mr. Mama's is probably the best place where you can get a breakfast that will satisfy your tummy and wallet! The food is cooked home made and you can taste how well each dish is prepared unlike Denny's or I-HOP. As for customer service, it's great! The owner of the place truly shows he cares for his customer's by taking his time to talk to each table. I would recommend anyone to come to Mr. Mama's. Oh! And try to come before 9 A.M. if you want to be seated immediately!
5	My hubby found this place on yelp and we took a chance on it as an alternative from the casino/strip diners. The staff is amazing, and the food was great. I had a breakfast sandwich and it was perfect, lots of meat and perfectly toasted bread. Hubby had biscuits and gravy, the gravy was loaded with bacon and sausage, it was delicious.
5	We were looking for a good breakfast place away from the strip and found Mr. Mama's due to the positive reviews. It was about 3 miles off the strip which felt like an eternity in the car.We walked in and there was a 20 minute wait but the hostess was so pleasant that I didn't even mind. After I sat down to wait, she offered us homemade fudge samples. UM YES PLEASE! I happily ate my fudge and perused the menu...prices were extremely affordable and the food looked great from what I saw leaving the kitchen. This place was really different I noticed old black and white photos on the wall of a restaurant which I assumed was an old location of Mr. Mama's there was also a large Greece poster on the far wall, the walls were blue and they had a gyro special.  I thought that's kind of strange for a breakfast joint but the owners must be Greek. We were seated and our service was prompt and good. Food was excellent! After eating I got up and was waiting for the rest of my party and was telling the hostess how great everything was and she thanked us for coming in.. That's when I had my chance to ask about the old photos hanging on the wall. Turns out her father is the owner and the original location was in Michigan and she pointed out pics of her grandfather and her great grand father.  WOW! I love hearing a restaurants history.  She told me they are in fact Greek which explains the blue wall, the gyros and the poster.  Everyone that worked there was so nice and thanked us all for coming in.  Great experience. If I lived in Vegas I would be a regular.
5	Everything from the food to the service and the cleanliness of the restaurant was exceptional!  Exceeded our expectations!
4	Really good food. Try the Cali omelet with some gravy on the side......yum. With the wait!!!!
5	Outstanding food, service and prices! We had the French toast, biscuits and gravy,  and the Cali omelet. Super good!! The owner greets you and makes you feel welcome and important. We will def. keep this as a must go for breakfast when ever we are in Vegas!
5	Stopped in for Breakfast 2 weeks ago with a group of 6, and this was the best Breakfast I have had in some time. Prompt and Friendly service, and great portion sizes. Wonderful Coffee as well. This is not a Drive By but a Must stop in and enjoy!
5	Me and my wife were in Vegas for 12 days for the NFR, I found Mr Mamas on yelp.We tried it and we were glad we did. The food is great the service is top notch and the price is way below what you would expect for the food.We ended up having breakfast here every morning for the whole trip. The owner is real pleasant and friendly also and you can tell he cares how the service and food are.Thanks again for the great service and food, we will be back our next time in Vegas.
5	The best breakfast in Vegas! French toast was so good! Very pleasant staff. The owner came and introduced himself to my boyfriend and I. Come eat here, you won't be disappointed.
5	This restaurant is extraordinary. The owner Nick and his server Claudia were so warm and welcoming. Nick not only gave us a personal greeting, but gave us places to visit in Las Vegas other than being on the strip. Wow, what a nice guy! He took his time to greet each and every visitor. My significant other and I wish him luck@ Mr. Mama's. He is indeed a great proprietor. Thanks Nick for your list on sites to visit...
4	Walked 3 miles from the strip to check this place out.  It was well worth it.  The service was amazing.  Very friendly staff.  The owner even talked to us for a bit.Breakfast was delicious.  Their sausage gravy is made with maple syrup, and it is tasty.  Small local place, would recommend and hope they succeed.
4	Mr. Mama's isn't much to look at but the service was friendly and my breakfast burrito was pretty good. Prices were cheap too. Give it a try.
4	Sleeping for 3 hours the night before and waking up just to have breakfast is sacrilegious in my opinion. Who does evil things like that? Can you feel hungry when you're asleep? No. Can you feel sleepy when you're eating? Yes. Breakfast as soon as this place opened did not make any sense to me. The place was empty when we got here...maybe because nobody in their right mind wakes up super early on a weekend to eat?/endrantThis place is super blue. Blue tables, blue chairs, blue menus, blue walls...everything's blue. They say the color blue makes you lose your appetite. I had a particular song in my head:"Yo listen up here's a story about a little guy that lives in a blue worldAnd all day and all night and everything he sees is just blue like him inside and outsideBlue is his house with a blue little window and a blue corvetteAnd everything is blue for him and himself and everybody around'cause he ain't got nobody to listen toI'm blue da ba dee da ba die..."/endshenanigansThe server was lovely. We tried a few things: biscuits & gravy, western omelet and a cinnamon roll. That blue vs. appetite thing isn't true. I ate everything on my plate plus half the cinnamon roll.Mamas Homemade Biscuits and Sausage Gravy:2 buttermilk biscuits with sausage gravy, potatoes and 2 eggs. The gravy was so good and the biscuits were homemade. 4/5Western Omelet:Made with 4 eggs and for an additional $1, I got mine with egg whites only since I don't like egg yolk. This has sausage, green onion, peppers and mushrooms, a side of potatoes and toast. 4/5Hashbrowns:The best I've had in Vegas. Very tasty, crispy and golden brown on the outside, soft on the inside. 5/5Cinnamon Roll:The size of a small plate and smothered with glaze sprinkled with cinnamon. It was a tad bit dry and doughy. Eat this quick before it gets cold. 3/5
4	You will have to wait as there are a lot of people that like this place... I can see why. The wait was about 30 minutes. The owner greets you at the door and is more than willing to talk to his customers while they wait. He's also helping his staff. The staff turn tables pretty quick and everything is cleaned. The food was pretty good. We had the biscuits and gravy and the pancakes. Great service too. If you are looking for a local place that isn't over priced and off the strip I would recommend it here.
4	Chicken fried steak with gravy...yummy! Friendly staff with quick service.  30+ minute wait, but good food at a good price is worth the wait. We will be back.
5	BEST BREAKFAST PLACE off the strip! I ordered the breakfast burrito and it came with fresh spicy salsa. BOMB! The price is right and I want to come back tomorrow. Highly recommend. Also, the owner is warm welcoming and friendly! He greets everyone and is so hospitable! If there's a wait it's worth it. Overall great service and staff.
5	My boyfriend and I went here based on yelp reviews and our desire to get some good breakfast food near the strip but at a low cost. This place is awesome. The service was great, the food was very yummy and the price simply cannot be beat. We loved it so much we went again the next morning too. We both totally pigged out each morning, ordering french toast, pancakes, omelets, biscuits and gravy...and each time we spent about $10 per person including tax and tip. So amazing.
4	Wanted to eat breakfast off of the strip on the way home. The food was awesome! Service a little slow; put cheese on my order the first time but overall great food and restaurant! The staff were all friendly! I would recommend!
5	Great breakfast! Good size portions! Ask them to custom make you a gyro omelet! Da bomb
4	Great place to eat food was excellent and low cost. My family and I were satisfied we will come back again when we're in town.
5	BEST breakfast place ever. As a fellow transplant from the Midwest, I can tell you that I've searched high and low for a real breakfast spot to no avail--until I found Mr. Mama's. You can't go wrong with any of the dishes, but I highly recommend the chicken fried steak and gravy with the pancakes. The place is filled with mostly regulars who live in the area with the exception of a few visitors who find this gem. Forget the strip, Mr. Mama's will be the reason you'll be returning to Vegas.
4	It was one of those mornings when I was too lazy to cook breakfast (this actually happens 90% of the time) so my boyfriend and I decided to try this place down the street from our house.At first, I was taken aback by all the blue paint. But considering the restaurant was wedged between two hardware shops, I guess it makes sense....The staff was extremely friendly and very attentive despite the fact that it was so busy! Two people came by to greet us and let us know that there will be a small wait.. Which I didn't mind! It's the small things that matter :)The beef vegetable soup and chicken noodle soup was hearty and delicious! I love thyme in my soup and this one had plenty! I can already imagine myself ordering this and having it delivered to me for those cold winter nights in Vegas :)I ordered a custom omelette loaded with veggies and sausage, and it was huge!!! The omelette wasn't overlooked, the cheese melted perfectly on top and layered inside, so each bite was wonderfully goozy and delicious! Overall, the proportions here are huge and filled me up. I'll be coming back here again!
4	Very nice attentive staff. We had the chili cheese omelette with egg whites and the Spanish omelette with egg whites.My son had pancakes and bacon.The food was good but not great but I definitely would suggest coming here due to the very low prices, and friendly staff.It is very clean here and people constantly coming in even on a Thursday morning. I wouldn't suggest ordering The chili cheese omelette but looking at everyone else's food on the other tables, looks like they have A lot of delicious items.
5	In a town of over priced breakfast places and tourist traps, Mr Mammas is a very refreshing surprise! From the minute we walked in the door and were greeted by Nick to the excellent service of Abby the service was top notch! The food was excellent and at a fantastic value. If you don't mind wandering from the strip (10 min away) this is definitely the place to start your day.
5	Total great dining experience, food is great service is incredible . Price is very reasonable
5	First visit to Mr Mamas and it was excellent. Service was fast and very friendly. It's a casual breakfast lunch restaurant and it couldn't be better. Food was great!  Don't forget to try the warm cinnamon roll too!!  Mmmmmm
5	The food at Mr. Mama's is great, but the service is even better!Mr. Mama's is located about 10 minutes away from the strip, convenient if you need to fuel up (both yourself and the car) before heading out go town. It's on a block with auto parts stores, but will be easy to find because there will probably be people waiting outside when everything else is closed. We ended up waiting about 10 minutes at 9 AM, but the crowd grew bigger and bigger as we ate.My standard breakfast order is biscuits and gravy, but I decided to mix things up a bit (just a teeny bit) with chicken fried steak. Our waitress asked if I wanted to sample the gravy first because it was a little different - made with sausage and maple syrup. The gravy is a little different, very thick, with a hint of sweetness and a bit of tang. Still delicious though on top of a very crispy chicken fried steak. The hash browns are to die for - quite possibly the best hash browns I've ever had. Super crispy, like how did they get this thing so freakin crispy?? Pancakes are really fluffy and the French toast is made with huge thick cut bread.I can't wait to come back. I seriously started salivating at the thought of those hash browns. Great service, everyone is very friendly and we were checked on constantly. Definitely a hole in the wall to check out!
3	Hmmmm.... Well, this place certainly would not be 5 stars in my book. It was alright, busy on a Tues morning and we had to wait for awhile, but that was ok. The prices were pretty standard and the service was good. I told the husband that the food was a little too 'homey.' By that I mean it tasted like what any person could make at home with no real skill involved....like I got an egg and bacon sandwich with cheese and there was just nothing special about it...just an egg, a piece of bacon, and a piece of cheese on sandwich bread. I also tried the french toast due to the raves about it, and, again, it was totally standard home kitchen fare. Nothing I would go out to get. The only thing that was above and beyond was the gravy on the Husband's biscuits and gravy... it had bacon and sausage, and maple syrup in it....pretty different and interesting. Anyway, I don't know that I would go back on future trips.
4	This is a 4 due to the service and the price, the staff is very fast and efficient.  The food, is well, just breakfast food, nothing spectacular at all.  We had the 2 egg  breakfast and an order of biscuits and gravy.  Hash browns were very good, eggs were done right, toast was toast.  Gravy was a little odd, but I was told it would be as it had maple syrup in it... meh, ok.  The wait is LONG, be ready for it.  The atmosphere is severely lacking.  But for a $6 breakfast in LV, I get it.
5	Delish!!  Service was great and super friendly! You do leave with a smile and a happy belly =)  Every tasted very home made.  Will definitely be coming back.
5	AMAZING BREAKFAST! The eggs were cooked perfectly. Everything was fresh. The staff was friendly and attentive. The restroom was clean. Great prices. My new go-to place in Vegas! You won't regret coming here!
5	Awesome Chilli Omlette (The Omlette had like 4 eggs) and Hash Browns, Coffee and Pancakes!!! So Filling. Courteous staff!And I got all of that for $20 which is awesome! Had to wait for 15min during peak hour, but it was worth it!
5	Best place in the area!!! My daughter and I love to go there. We go since they opened.  Love their breatkfast! It's so fresh and delicioius. Great customer service and reasonable prices!!
4	Expect a wait any day you go, but it's worth it! Food is very fresh and good! I had the chicken fried steak & eggs. Their sausage gravy is infused with maple syrup, the waitress mentioned beforehand that about 9 of 10 like it. I was one of the 9. The home fries were really flavorful! Highly recommend! Nice place to go & get out of the bustle of the strip!
5	We found this place on Yelp, and after visiting, it's obvious that the ratings are well deserved. The French Toast is amazing. The Greek Omelet was fantastic. The service was great! We love it so much we went back the next day!
5	Having read the past reviews, I find it funny that some people have actually said that they got "tricked" by Yelp.I'm a local, and Mr. Mama's has been one of my go-to spots for brunch for a while now, and I leave happy every single time. The service is excellent, and I've never been disappointed with the food. Have you ever tried their hash browns?? They're always on point. I haven't tried any of their sandwiches though. So if you haven't ordered anything from the breakfast menu and you think that this place is 'okay', I say give it another shot!
5	Delicious.  Server was super friendly.  Owner came by during the breakfast and greeted us.  Coffee was really good.  The food came out in good time and hit the spot.  All 4 meals that my group had were filling and hit the spot.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars, I would. Food was amazing, price was very reasonable, and the service was the best I've had in years. I had the Mama's Short Stack and it was the perfect amount of food and so delicious. My drink was never below half full and the staff makes you feel welcome and like family. Another plus is the bathroom was immaculate. So happy we decided to stop here on the way out of town. Will be coming back and referring my friends here!
5	Great food! I was in the area and stopped in bc I read the reviews before. They were totally spot on reviews the food was amazing I had the Greek omelet it was so good so were the potatoes! Yum. I don't live close to here but I'd make the drive. Staff is super friendly too! Definitely recommend!
5	I'm so impressed!!! The food and  price is excellent. The customer service is great and the owner is very friendly. He checked us in and later came to talk to us. Also, we sat by his favorite picture and he provided us with a bit of history information on how the mafia was connected to his family history. We will definitely come back again!
5	Perfect if you want down home cooking.  The pancakes were fluffy, eggs were perfect and the customer service was awesome!
3	Went here based on the reviews for lunch and found the food and service very average. Had clam chowder and BBQ beef. Both were average at best.
5	Friendly staff.  You can feel the love of the family that runs business.  A kind man helped us with a sturdier chair for my colleague who needed a more comfortable chair.  Had a work meeting there.  Food was so good that I took my local friends there that following weekend.  Funny thing is, I was the out of towner taking them!  They loved the portion and customer service.  Will definitely make it my hot spot to eat when in town.
5	We make an effort to stop here for breakfast every time we come through Vegas. Mr. Mamas staff is always at the top of their game. And the owner is always present and making sure the service is perfect. The food is stellar for an excellent price.
4	Wow....the word is out. Good , solid, reasonably priced food with terrific folks giving good service with real appreciation for your biz. What a concept!Seriously, we have been coming here since they opened and I kinda miss the quiet days there but these folks deserve all the business they are bringing in. congrats on your success and will def be back for breakfast.  Note to self....try lunch.
5	A great little breakfast spot!  Wonderful service!  Breakfast served all day and reasonable prices!  Hacienda Hottie Approved!
5	In town from MD. Ate breakfast here 2 days in a row. French toast was great. Eggs taste fresh and delicious. If this place was near me, IHOP would never see a dime of my money! Omelet is 4 eggs minus all the useless filters. Hubby had the pancakes, also good. Today I had the Cali omelet. Loved it. Home fries with peppers and onions, really good. They are sliced like like lime pieces. The staff is so friendly and welcoming. They remembered we were here yesterday! If I lived here, they would know me by name! Great food and a breakfast for 2 people plus drinks only $23.
4	This place reminds me of Surf Shack on main street in HB. Breakfast is the focus and the pancakes are amazingly fluffy and light. Lucy had the french toast it was great. Service was great and a nice relaxed atmosphere reigns. Be prepared to wait but you will get hungrier and I bet it will taste even better, which is how I felt. Nuttin fancy. Just good home cooked food.
5	Went to Mr Mama's 2 days in row during our stay because the homemade gravy is the bomb diggity! The staff is super nice and attentive. Great diner breakfast!Check the daily specials hidden behind the Pepsi fridge!
4	Had a late breakfast here around 1pm. I ordered pancakes. .which were absolutely delicious. . Very fluffy and buttery. I also ordered their breakfast burrito... I've had better ones at local albertos, but it was ok and very filing. Hubby ordered the 1lb burger..I took a bite and it was juicy and yummy. The rest of my group ordered other random stuff and they said they all liked it. The restaurant is located in the outskirts. .nearby corporate offices. Not a very far drive from Mandalay Bay (since that's where we stayed at) definitely a good spot to eat brunch on the way back home to cali.  Price is affordable. It won't break the bank especially if you're down from gambling. . Lucky we werent! Hubby and I even picked up the tab for all 7 of us.
5	Just found our go to breakfast place. Fresh and yummy food with friendly great service. Portions are not super-sized, but plenty to fill you up. Had the chicken fried steak plate and the steak and eggs from the daily specials. Chicken fried steak was fried to a nice crunch and the gravy was as amazing as others cited. Steak was a rib eye of about 6 ounces and had a nice flavor. The standout thing was Nick, who greeted his customers and handled the seating courteously, setting appropriate estimations of wait time, and was a gracious host.
5	Awesome place, service is great and they are very friendly. Food is great and very affordable. Highly recommend. !!!
4	Good food and prices, great atmosphere, outstanding customer service. Located in a light industrial park, not where you'd normally look for a Great breakfast food joint. Mr. Mama himself, Nick, is a gracious and gregarious host taking great care of his employees. This is telling in the excellent CS. We came at the end of the breakfast rush MLK morning. The place was packed with a 15 minute wait. But once seated our server was taking our order within minutes and food arrived only a few minutes later. Had Mama's Special, classic pancakes eggs and bacon. Pancakes are why we came. I loved the taste and texture but my wife likes them crispier on the outside and fluffier on the inside. Said the batter was probably beat too much.  Coffee was too strong for me but if you like Starbucks you be right at home.
5	Great food, great service, fair prices.  What more can I say?  Real sliced ham steaks, perfect pancakes, and well seasoned eggs make this place exceptional.  My wife's omelet clearly was made with fresh ingredients. I felt that the employees really cared that I received good service. I will definitely return when I visit Vegas again.
5	I would eat breakfast here over the buffets in Las Vegas any day. The service is impeccable and the food tastes just like home. All of the staff are incredibly friendly. We were greeted by the owner when we arrived and once he learned it was my sister-in-law's birthday, he made sure she got one of his special cinnamon rolls which was DELICIOUS! As was all of the food we ordered. Can't wait to go back the next time we're in town.
4	Nice family run restaurant with well cooked food. Staff is very friendly and attentive.
4	Affordable, GOOD breakfast.  We opted to stop by here on our way out of town instead of eating at our hotel's buffet.  I'm so glad we did.  It was Monday morning of the holiday weekend, so it wasn't a surprise to have to wait about 15 minutes for a table for 4.  I observed that the hostess seemed to be a manager or supervisor of sorts; she was on top of every thing that was going on in that place.  Turns out our server was fairly new, and the hostess did ask us for any feedback on her performance.  Later one of the guys in the kitchen came out and made the rounds asking everyone how everything was for them.  It was evident that they really wanted everyone to be happy.  I really appreciate that.  I had the french toast, which was delicious. I wish the bacon were more crisp, but it wasn't overly flimsy; I just like mine extra crispy and I would've ordered it that way if I'd thought about it.  But it was Monday after a long weekend in Vegas.  Food was very good, but the commitment to service is what stands out for me. I'll definitely go back to try other things on the menu the next time.
5	The owner Nick is awesome.  The service is friendly and top-notch, the food comes out fast in humongous portions.  I have no complaints and will make this a regular stop when I'm in LV.
5	Outstanding and inexpensive.  The owner is the most efficient manager. Outstanding service, large portions, everything they do is super great.  I usually ate breakfast in Vegas at Peppermill which is world class, but this place deserves the same outstanding acclaim.  This is my new place and rivals Peppermill at half the cost
5	Very friendly staff! Food was out in a blink of the eye and was what's to be expected from a small and quick breakfast establishment. It was quite a hike from the main drag, but worth the trip for a quite family style breakfast away from the hustle and bustle.
5	Best breakfast off the strip! Great food, good prices and excellent service! And it's smoke free! Would come back for sure!
5	Great food and service! The owner actually goes around and makes sure that everyone is satisfied! We ate at a few buffets but this definitely surpasses them! Best we had out here on this trip :-)
5	Late breakfast before heading to the airport. Our waitress recommended the Cali omelet which was delicious, we had it w home fries & a biscuit. Great service - the staff works as a team so you never have to wait to get water or anything else. We finished at noon & the place got packed out for lunchtime
5	2 of my buddies and I went here before a round of golf...great breakfast place!  3 Big thumbs up!  Great fresh food!  Great friendly and prompt service!  Try the pancakes they're big and awesome!
4	We just ate here and I was really impressed. It's a basic American breakfast with really good Midwestern prices. We both had big breakfasts under $15 including the tip. Everyone was so friendly and made sure everything was tasting good and we had everything we needed. I was really pleased and I will be going back. Someone names Nick came to our table and introduced himself, told us they would try to make it a pleasant breakfast. He even held the door open when we left :)
5	Clean and good service!! Found this place with the yelp app and worth the drive from the strip!
5	The Pancakes are to die for!!!!!........ Nick (the owner) is a warm host. So glad I found this place for BF when in Vegas........
3	I was a little concerned with my husband's suggestion to leave our Strip hotel and head off the beaten path for breakfast. But co-yelpers didn't let us down. No wait at 9 am on Super Bowl Sunday morning. The staff was friendly and although the seats were on what I'd call plastic lawn chairs, the place was ok. Don't expect a gourmet breakfast, but by using an iPhone app, our server got our order correct and it was served quickly. My hubby had pancakes and loved them!  I had an egg & cheese sandwich on toast and it was like something I could make at home, but it was good. The home fries weren't my favorite, but overall we would say it was worth it.  A $20 check instead of $50 on the strip. :-)
5	Great food, great staff, a must to stop while in Vegas!!! Most all items are made from scratch and the owner is a wealth of fascinating knowledge and facts. Talking with him during our breakfast was a delight!
1	I went to have chicken salad at this place but it turned out to be one of the worst salads I have ever had. Reviews in YELP shows many positive feedback but I am pretty sure they are all related to the burgers and omelettes served at this place.Ideally a salad should be served as per the room temperature and if it says grilled chicken then it should be freshly made and warm. At this place when the server brought my salad it was freezing cold even the grilled chicken. It seems they just bought this salad from some kind of freezer. This proves that they do not make it fresh, all veggies are preserved even the chicken must be old. It was so bad that I returned back the entire salad. Didn't asked money back as they should always know through customer feedback so that they would really think about improving their standards.Seriously guys what it takes to make a simple salad? Please work on basics and then go for the main course.Not recommended to anyone if they are going for health food at this place.
5	Stopped by for breakfast. Was welcomed in warmly by the employees. I ordered the French toast combo. Comes with four slices of French toast. Three eggs. Hash browns. And three slices of bacon. Everything came out perfect. Not greasy or over salted. I highly recommend trying this place. It's my new breakfast stop.
5	I had the French toast and bacon with coffee, the food was just wonderful and the entire staff was attentive and helped each other with anything their tables needed. Will definitely come back soon!
5	For anyone that is in Vegas and wants a home made breakfast that is good in taste and on price must try this place. Every time I'm in town is a must!!
5	Looking for comfort food.... Away from home.....  Where to go? Well. First, check out yelp reviews in the area, and you may be pleasantly surprised as to what you will find. I'm trying to find a place to eat outside of the infamous LV strip and I see Mike O's review which solved my quandry.Located on Decatur, tucked away in the many warehouse and strip mall type buildings is Mr. Mama's. Simple menu, simple interior, open kitchen, friendly service, most times a wait for your table, good food! Good prices! And great and friendly Mr. Mama! Okay Mike !!! Chicken Fried steak. $9.75???? And enough left overs for another meal!and the tuna melt! Whole chunks (not flakes) of albacore... Choice of cheese and a choice of soup or salad, and the clam chowder ? chowder flavored with oregano... Filled our table and tummies!Yelp deal?  Get your deal before you go!
4	The food was very tasty, and the blue tones in the restaurant were very soothing.
5	We were looking for a good breakfast at lunch time and found it by the reviews on Yelp!  Mr. Mamas cooks breakfast all day and really knows what he's doing.  We were greeted at the door by the owner, who was very nice.  He also came to our table and all of the others to make sure everyone was happy. The wait staff was friendly and efficient. The restaurant was clean. I ordered the meat and cheese omelet with hash browns and was not disappointed.  The food was fantastic and not greasy like some of the chain breakfast places.  Just know that you get a lot of food on your plate. My husband ordered the "Mama stack" (3 pancakes, 3 eggs and a meat) and a side of hash browns not knowing how big the pancakes were. It took all he had to finish his meal!  The pancakes alone would have been enough for him.  Both of our meals were great!  It was very much like eating at home and we will definitely return when we are in Vegas.
4	Had a great breakfast with the wife. Very friendly staff and the owner even gave us his Greek luck to win a million dollar. How could you go wrong with that.
5	We stopped in when in town for work, looking for an affordable place to get breakfast.  It was under $20 for two huge breakfasts with coffee.  The food was good, and the manager/owner stopped by our table and was very friendly.  It certainly had a small town feel.   The staff was so polite and helpful!  They have cheap plastic patio chairs, inside but I won't hold that against them because everything else was spot on.
4	This is spot is a good mash-up of fun subtleties mixed with non-nonsense breakfasting. Between the fun, tatted-up staff and the plastic chairs at the tables, you get the feeling that this almost more of a family backyard breakfast than your typical restaurant. They keep it simple, yet comfortable, with their decor but they definitely deliver with their food. What we ordered: Biscuits and Gravy & Chicken fried steak.One tip: They will offer but if you're not sure: try their gravy. It is absolutely delicious but it is loaded with sausage and the taste is a bit different than other places might have. Be adventurous, just go it and you will likely love it too....but if you're the type who likes to test the waters first....request a sample.Long story short: if you're like me, on the rare occasion you go out for breakfast....you're all about taste and comfort food. Well, here's your spot. Just maybe....uhhh....make sure you have some room for post-breakfast relaxation/sleep....you may need it. lol
3	The burrito was amazing, everything else was mediocre... Eggs cold, hash browns cold and not very crispy, gravy was bland. Service was slow but attentive. Overall it was a positive and I would go back.
5	I love this place!  Delicious (and I mean delicious) food, solid service and great prices...you can't go wrong.  The owner explained that 90% of the food is from scratch, and you can taste it.  I got the Cali omelette, once with potatoes and once with hash browns, and a pancake, and everything was perfect.  (If you get anything that comes with pico de gallo, ask for extra. It's made from scratch and is some of the best I've ever tasted.)  I'll never come close to Vegas without eating here!
5	Awesome! In the order that I received... Host, the owner greets you and seats you, wonderful gentleman. Waitress fast, friendly, knowledgeable. Food, big portions, omelet standard 4 eggs, hash browns crunchy on the outside soft inside, bacon crispy and amazingly not oily! Sausage delicious and also not greasy! Fresh toast very good. Price, super affordable, you can afford to loose a few more hands at the casinos.  Definitely our to go to spot for breakfast anytime of the day!I think they cook their bacon on a George Foreman cause it's super crunchy and not greasy at all!
5	Excellent food abd service!! The Denver omelette was superb, coffee and French toast were fantastic. We are definitely fortunate to have found this place. Kudos!!
5	Loved the breakfast!!! The omlet was made to perfection and had super fresh ingredients. The coffee was wonderful and AWESOME service! I don't come to Vegas often but when I do I have to come here for breakfast. This place is the bomb!!!
4	Nothing special about food But the service is excellentWell.  The owner is excellent Some of the staff looked like they wanted to kill themselves
4	First time here. Stopped here early morn(6am) for a trip from California to Colorado .. Good food, quick service and a very friendly staff.
5	Breakfast was great!  Ordered the Western Omelet, the eggs were so fluffy and the hash brown was crispy to perfection.  The best experience of coming here was the atmosphere and the serve.  The owner greets U at the door and is so friendly.  A definite place to visit when were in town.  Don't forget to order the cinnamon roll and biscuit and gravy, a must have!!!
5	Yelp reviews led us to this breakfast spot today.  No exaggeration, this was our best meal in Las Vegas.  Incredibly friendly service, fantastic food.  Nothing to look at, but when you dig into the gooey cinnamon roll you won't be able to pay attention to anything but your taste buds.  Holy cow.Eggs were fluffy and not greasy.  Pancakes were equally fluffy, and flavorful.  Bacon was thick cut and cooked perfectly.I'm grateful this place is not local to me.  If I lived within 50 miles of this place I'd gain 50 pounds in a week.Oh, and did I mention all this - two entrees, two drinks and a cinnamon roll made by the Tasty Fairy herself- all for $22.  It was their valentines day special.Treat yourself.  Worth the car rental to get here.
5	Visiting from California my husband and I wanted to try something different than your average Casino food.   Thank God we found this place.  It is about a 10 min drive from the strip but so worth it.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted by who seemed to be the owner and the welcoming was awesome.  This place definitely strives for great customer service.  I ordered the French Toast and my husband orderd the Veggie omelet.  Both very delicious.  Very affordable.
5	By far best customer service I've seen in long time!!! Prices on the menu were great!! Not overpriced just about right! You Get good portions for your money!! They try to get you in and out as fast as possible and that's great!! Food is good not steak food quality but your not going to a steak food joint! Very impressed overall with everything def coming back!!
4	First time coming here and there's a 35 min wait... good sign for a breakfast place. The hostess was very nice and polite. The servers were attentive and nice as well. The food got to our table quite fast for being very busy. I got the chicken fried steak and my gf got the French toast. It was very delish. Their country gravy was flavorful, the Eggs were cooked to my preference, and the serving portions were very adequate. The coffee was a lil weak, but I'm used to my dark coffee. Overall it's a place that we would come back to.
4	It was time for brunch! I love reconnecting with folks you don't usually get to see.  Brunch is an amazing place and time to reconnect!  On this day, I was to meet with two friends who live at different ends of the valley from myself.  I live in Henderson, along the I-95, another friend lives downtown and the other lives in Southern Highlands.  We needed to find a joint in the middle.  Nothing better than an opportunity to use the good 'ole Yelp app to find a stellar joint!  When I pulled this place up, I noticed that there were 400+ reviews with an overall rating of 4 1/2 stars.  In my book, that's amazing!  The first thing I though of when I arrived was that it's located in a very awkward strip mall.  The mall consists of auto detailing shops and auto parts shops.  Then there's Mr. Mama's, a brunch joint opened until 2pm.  When I walked in, there was 30 minute wait.  Smaller place, compared to other brunch joints in the valley, however, it was quaint and homey.  Another thing you notice are the blue walls.  Holy moly, that's a lot of blue. Must have been a really popular color to the owner.  The table tops are usual 4-seaters, decorated with blues, yellows and greys.  Our server was young and super sweet.  She was pretty attentive the entire time and was super personable.  For brunch, I got a couple of things.  The first thing was the Western Omelet for $7.50.  This 4-egg omelet was stuffed with sausage, mushrooms, peppers and green onions.  This dish comes with your choice of potatoes, I chose hash browns, and also came with your choice of toast (mine was wheat).  The omelet was huge!  Full of flavorful sausage, chopped red peppers offered festive color and the hash browns were nicely fried.  The outside was crispy and the inside was soft and delicious.  The only think I noticed was that there was a lot of oil on the bottom of my potatoes and eggs.  So great but a little greasy.  I would still recommend this, though!  My second brunch item was the full stack of pancakes for $5.75.  It was 3 pancakes stacked with butter and maple syrup.  The cakes were light and fluffy, pleasantly fragranced with buttermilk.  Nothing beats a good pancake for brunch!  Everyone should also add this on to their meal :)All in all, I definitely see the hype to the ratings.  I will definitely be back for more in the future.  This is a great place, centrally located and offers a great menu for brunch.  If you're in the area and you don't check this place out, consider yourself missing out!!
4	Like most restaurants in Vegas outside of the Strip, this place is in a strip mall. I came here with my sisters and brother in law back in October. (I know, such a late review, but at least I'm getting to it now!) We arrived here for breakfast on our last day in Vegas. It's a very unassuming place but it was absolutely delicious. We shared a few things. Their famous fried rice, I can't remember the name right now... and it was phenomenal. Now, I will always think that my papa's fried rice is the best but this place came pretty close, and that is a huge compliment! We also got their red velvet pancakes. It tasted like we were just eating the cupcake in pancake form... needless to say, you should get it too. We also got a small order of their lemon ricotta. These were only meh, which is the reason for the 4 stars. Otherwise, absolutely fantastic little place with great prices!
3	Had Monday morning breakfast here and there was no wait at 8am.  Typical American style breakfast, no frills, no specialty items.I agree with others in that service here is excellent.  Servers are nice, prompt and attentive.  Coffee was decent and servers make sure your cup is always full.  Portions are generous.Veggie omelet:  ordered only egg whites with very little oil, and they did a good job with it.  Came with cottage cheese, which I like, and toast.Steak and eggs: smallish piece of steak but not sure we really should be eating more than that.   Hash browns were crisp but tasted greasy.They gave us a fresh cup of coffee to go when we asked for a cup for our current coffee --  that was nice of them!
5	Great food & service!  Such nice people.  I would definitely come back!!  The food was very tasty. The service was fabulous. Everyone is so nice that works there. Even the people coming in to eat were friendly. There is free wi-fi to have a business lunch. I did work after lunch while I was there & enjoyed a delicious brownie. I will come back & bring friends.
4	I am a Dodger fan and I love the color blue, but man, this place has blue EVERYTHING!Pleasant waitstaff. Quick to be seated, to take our drink order, our breakfast order, return with the food, and to get our bill. We only browsed the breakfast menu. I loved the hash browns.The portions were filling and cooked to order. There was a TV to watch sports/news. I would be back again for a quick and delicious breakfast.
5	Looked this restaurant up on Yelp from our hotel in Las Vegas, and was seated within minutes upon our arrival! The staff and service was great and the food was delicious, and that was just the first day! The whole family came back the next day and loved it which is a testament to the establishment.  Kudos to Jenna, Claudia and Nick the owner, who came to our table to check in with us. We will definitely be back to sample the lunch menu, next time. Great stuff!
5	I have visited Las Vegas many times and found a breakfast place that has good service and good food. The host will ask how is everything and they come around to refill your coffee. We came back the next day again for breakfast and should have come back a third time but wanted to try a new place. Big mistake. I'm looking forward to my return trip to LV and going to Mr Mama's.
4	Nothing special about the food (got the breakfast burrito and french toast).   It's just solid, well executed with no surprises.    Owner is around and greets tables so you know they run a tight ship.    I would also avoid lunch time due to the wait.   If you are looking for something special or more unique, I'd go to Hash House.    This place is more like more upscale version of Waffle House.
5	This is our fav place for breakfast pickup, it's far from us but the service and prices are on point :) has a small family feel and no frills. Good food at great prices that's it. It is in an unusual part of town (industrial area), not a place to come to for the environment.
5	Highly recommend this place! Best chili I've ever had! Great pancakes and gravy. And the service was great.
5	Thanks Yelp people..Good food.  We had chicken fried steak, breakfast burritos, and pancakes.  Fairly priced - for Vegas - and very busy on Sunday morning.  Food is solid.  I wish they had some real maple syrup for the pancakes for the kids...  Oh well.  now kids go finish those bacon.. :)
5	This place has simply the best pancakes i have ever had in my life. Service was quick and friendly.
5	We came by after seeing positive reviews on yelp. We were here for one day from Los Angeles and wanted a reasonable and delicious breakfast. We were blown away by the friendly staff, amazingly welcoming owner, and high quality food and service. We got breakfast burritos which were really tasty and had an incredibly pleasant experience. We will be back!!
5	Friendly and efficient customer service.  Food was delicious.  Nothing fancy just good fresh tasty food.
5	This place is amazing!! Customer service is great....food is great.....atmosphere is great.. and the price is unmatched if I lived in vegas this would be my all the time breakfast spot. The owner of the shop welcomed my wife and I and he genuinely cares about his customers.
5	This little inconspicuous restaurant just blew my mind. This is, by a massive margin, the best breakfast experience I've had. The food was exceptional and the service was unparalleled. I'd like to talk about the owner for a minute as well. There is a distinct difference between a "boss" and a "leader." This man exemplifies the very definition of a SERVANT leader. He runs his business from the tip of the spear and drags the "cart of business" as it were, from the front just like his employees. I am still reeling from the experience I had here. 11/10!
5	Hands down best breakfast place in Vegas!! The food was absolutely delicious and everything I wanted. My favorite were the pancakes and sausage. The customer service was outstanding!! The employees were so welcoming and friendly. Will be returning again tomorrow and everytime I come visit Vegas.
5	BEST breakfast in Vegas and exceptional customer service.  It's off the strip, but worth the drive.  Everything cooked to perfection...a good old American breakfast, just the way restaurants use to serve.  My father who is a retired chef gave it 5 stars as well. I plan to eat here again on my next trip to Vegas!
5	Great spot away from the strip.  Owner greets you at the door with his relocated Midwestern hospitality!  My husband will be craving his chili cheese omelette for a long time to come.  We'll be back next time we are in Vegas
5	Breakfast: The one meal that every single person should be able to cook... so when we go out to pay for it - we are all critical because we are all master chefs at making bacon, eggs, and toast right? How hard is that???Maybe so, but Mr. Mamas food gets an A+++ in my book for Taste, Freshness, Presentation, Speed, and most importantly AWESOME SERVICE. The owner is super friendly and is hella funny too!I miss this place already! Best breakfast/brunch in LV we will be back I hope you guys maintain these aforementioned positive attributes forever!!!
4	This small breakfast and lunchbreataurant pulls no punches... It is exactley what you would expect from a industrial strip breakfast lunch place.  The decor is simple and relaxed. The food however is fantastic.  I had the manhattan burger. Essentially a patty melt nothing fancy just quality ingredients to make a quality sandwich.  My friend had one of the Omelets which gave me a slight case of food envy, but I had seen the manhattan burg in a old weekly and had already made up my mind to try it and I was not disappointed
5	This is an excellent place for breakfast. Not your traditional gravy for biscuits and gravy, but was so delicious. Steak and eggs special was top notch. Excellent service, very attentive. Great to find an out of the way restaurant in Vegas that is soooo good!
5	We went here based on the reviews and were NOT disappointed! We created our own sampler and ordered the short stack of pancakes, a piece of French toast and a 1/2 order of biscuits and gravy. It was all delicious. The biscuits melted in your mouth and were so yummy with the delicious gravy! The bacon and hash browns were perfect and we loved the pancakes and French toast. But besides the food, the service was great and quick. This will definitely be on our list of places to return!
4	This place knows how to do a simple breakfast very well and they are very inexpensive too. For a weeklong trip here with my fiance, we needed to find places that were mostly affordable. Since we had a car, we didn't mind driving away from the strip to find it. We ordered two breakfast combos with flapjacks and everything was cooked well and our dishes looked consistent. The coffee was decent and I would love to try other dishes especially for lunch. I'd definitely make a trip out here again, no matter how long my trip is, as long as I have my car.
2	Came here with high expectations and left a bit underwhelmed. Had a craving for hearty and delicious breakfast food and everything we ordered was just... mediocre for the lack of a better word. I didn't care much for my omelette as it was lumpy and tepid and my boyfriend's steak was grey in color and it had a rubbery texture to it. The venue is off the beaten path but you get to avoid the hustle and bustle of the strip. Their servers were friendly and helpful.
5	The food is good, nothing that is really any different than you'd get anywhere else, but it is yummy and fast. The five stars is for the service. The owner is out there busting his ass with the staff, and checks on every customer.  It's phenomenal customer service that makes you want to become a regular. Oh I almost forgot, it's pretty decently priced- breakfast for two was $20.
5	Delicious breakfast! We shared some pancakes which I highly recommend. My husband had the breakfast burrito which he thought was great also. Great atmosphere and service. Best meal we had in Vegas so far and it was the most affordable. Can't be beat!
4	Very good breakfast. Food is very fresh and tasty. Chicken fried steak smothered with a maple sausage gravy.My wife had the omelette with the avocado also very good fresh.This is a Popular place so get there early. Staff is friendly and efficient.
5	This is a must stop when you come to Vegas! The country fried steak is slap the chef amazing!!!!!
5	Seriously...if you have transportation, put this place on your breakfast list. Fresh, tasty, filling breakfast choices, all with amazing service from Mr. Mama himself. Oh, and it's the best value in town and the best staff in town.
5	These guys are the best. I've eaten every day on my Vegas business trip here for 20 days straight. Mr mammas will be my first stop on my next trip. 6 eggs!
5	This place is close to my house and so low key. While waiting for our table (took 25 minutes on Saturday for brunch time), the host told us that the majority of their business used to be tourists. Now, more locals are noticing this gem. The decor is definitely nothing special, but will hold you while you scarf down their massive pancakes. Will definitely be coming back for my simple breakfast fix.
5	This place is superb.  Not only is the food delicious but the owner is a hands-on control freak in a good way!.  You feel so taken care of and welcome when you step inside. We had the specials which included our drinks -- around $10 each.  I LOVED the cinnamon chip pancakes and the ribeye steak and eggs with hashbrowns and toast.  The coffee was decent too.  I'll def. be back when I return to Vegas.
5	All I can say is WOW! The owner greets you at the door and makes you feel like your a regular. The food is excellent as are the prices. We might end up eating only at this place during our vacation. Thanks Mr Mama!
5	Amazing! The best french toast, biscuits, hashbrowns and omelet (california) I have had in forever! I came with a party of 8 and everyone was pleased from the toddlers to the elders. Owner is a very outgoing and personable man, food came quick and the service was very good! We will definitely be back!
5	This place is awesome Location is a bit off the main drag, and there may be a bit of a wait. But that's it for the negative. Nick the owner is friendly makes you feel like family.Good food, good prices, good service What more can I say. Check this place out when in Vegas it certainly is worth the trip
5	Amazing breakfast! Great prices, excellent service, and a perfect way to take a break from the overpriced, touristy strip fare.
4	Nice local business in las vegas. Nick the owner is very personable and greets u at the door. It seems there is usually a wait cuz he holds a clip board with the wait list and takes your name with an estimation of when u can be seated. U can also do take out as well as sit down.Venue is on the narrow side with two long rows of tables and chairs, still a good size. And everything is blue guessing his fave color to walls to tables to chairs and its a nice touch that he puts vintage pics of his family on the walls. Being a family oriented person myself I could def appreciate that.Menu varies from breakfast food to comfort food to subs and sandwhiches and burgers. My fiancee and I had breakfast the mamas French toast, with 3, eggs n two sausage patties, and pancakes and bacon with a brownie. All was delicious.  Pancakes were fluffy and perfect and the brownie was ginormous and it was served nice and warm. And it was only like $6.75 and $8.75 for huge servings.Service was good nick checked in on us when we were waiting for our main dishes and asked to staff to put a rush on our order. Turned out a big takeout order came in and they were catching up. We didnt ask too and they comp'ed the brownie. Overall nice breakfast eatery. Would come again for the chicken fried steak plate!
5	This place is awesome! Great food, great prices! If you get here after 10am there might be a wait but worth it!
5	My husband and I got to vegas on thursday and we have been back to Mr. Mamas friday, saturday, sunday and now monday before our flight back to Los Angeles! The owner is super friendly and greets all of his customers and you can see how dedicated and detailed he is when running his business. His team is also friendly and speedy to get your food in by using  ipods to take in your order. Their coffee is delicious, I love their ham breakfast sandwiches on English muffin. Their crispy hashbrown is to die for! They serve these delicious thick cinnamon flavor french toast...Omg! Its making my mouth water just thinking about them! Also, their pancakes are spongy and yummy! We will be back!!!!
4	A great place off the strip. Veggie Omelette and breakfast burrito were wonderful. Good service and nice atmosphere.
5	Owner is super friendly & greets you at the door, he's got a great smile & you can tell the place is run efficiently. You can also tell when a place is good when it's in some random strip mall on a Tuesday morning and is packed with people. This particular morning was my birthday & I was there with my mom & sister. The wait wasn't horrible & we were taken care of well. Suddenly a big beautiful cinnamon bun came out to the table & I was told it was for my birthday :) Such a nice touch to the morning-it was the best cinnamon bun I've probably ever had too. The rest of the breakfast food was tasty & great portions as well. I can see why this place is rated so highly on here :)
5	Found Mr. Mama's on Yelp and went there in lieu of my usual Vegas brunch buffet. Mr. Mama's breakfast and coffee were excellent! I ordered the Denver omelet and it was the best I've ever had. I got it with a side of hash browns, which was good, but next time (and there will be a next time) I'll ask for the hash browns to be well done. The coffee was strong but not bitter, just the way I like it.Lastly, I was super impressed by the service. I usually don't expect much in terms of courtesy at a diner-style place like this, but they did good. Thanks Mr. Mama's! Oh, and did I mention that the prices are actually reasonable unlike so many places these days?
5	This is a true family owned restaurant.  This was my first time with my wife; we loved it!Food:  I ordered the chicken fried steak; the steak had a delicious greek seasoned batter, gravy was out of this world, and my scrambled were perfect.  The portions were very generous.  Love the greek influenced seasonings on almost everything...the gravy was the best!Service:  Fast, friendly, and accurate service and ordering.  My tea was always filled and food came out just as I ordered it.  Mr. Mama is very friendly; I like how he personally tries to greet and meet all his customers, it gives his place a real "home" feeling.  Price:  At only $4 for an order of home fries and a half order of the best biscuits and gravy this side of southern nevada; it can't be beat!  Everything was reasonably priced.Location:  Great use of a commercial strip mall location.  I wish they had a huge sign because it's not the easiest to find if you aren't familiar with the area.  I always shop at McFadden Dale Hardware so I knew exactly where this place was.***Overall, this was a great first impression of a real Hometown Greek diner; love it.
5	There might be a long wait, or not, but it's worth the wait. This little gem of Vegas is worth the drive. Home-made flavors and reasonable prices. I recommend the biscuits and gravy, steak and eggs, the omelet that comes with feta cheese... yumm!! Can't wait to go back to Mr. Mama's.
5	Really love coming here. Food is so good.  Homemade at that! If you want breakfast or lunch I highly recommend it to you. The service is always good. Prices are not high. Might have a bit of a wait but it is worth it..
5	Ordering at a new place is always a risk b/c you never know if you're going to really enjoy the food.You won't regret it. It's reasonably priced, the food is delicious and the staff is generally friendly. What more could one ask for?
5	Love it, you can taste when people cook w love, and this has some much love, totaly coming back
2	Given the great reviews I had high expectations for Mr. Mama's.  They were not met.  It is clean and the staff is friendly but there is nothing exceptional about the breakfast other than the long wait to be seated.  The hash browns, omelette, and French toast were average and no where near as good as other reviewers described them.  I was surprised that they did not put out real butter.  If you want it be sure to ask.  The prices are reasonable and the food is not bad but I think that Mr. Mama's is living off the momentum of earlier popularity.
5	Loved the service here! From the greeter to our waitress Claudia, everything was top notch! My pancake was perfect, cooked but light & fluffy without me mentioning anything to the waitress. When we originally arrived, we were quoted a 50 min wait on a Monday morning but left because we were hungry. Went to Max Brenner (which closed yesterday apparently?) and returned about 30-40 mins later and had a 10-15 min wait. If your looking for a delicious, cheap eat provided by happy & wonderful staff, look no further! I would definitely eat here again if I'm in the area ;-)
4	Good food at cheap prices. The service is very good. The servers are extremely friendly & helpful.  I had the country fried steak with eggs and it was good.  The portions are big, so you can share one dish with two people depending on how much you eat.
5	Delicious breakfast. Owner greeted us at door and talked to every customer. Great way to do business. High quality food, good portions, fantastic prices. We had pancakes, French toast, and omelets and all were fantastic. Will definitely return. All servers were kind and helpful.
4	Having passed by Mr Mama's on numerous occasions over the years, I was finally able to stop by to try them out. We were greeted warmly by Mr Mama himself and were seated quickly. As we perused our menus, our drink orders were take and Mr Mama chatted with us a while. He told us they have been open for two years now and 80% of their business was tourists, which I found pretty surprising seeing as they are in a relatively industrial and local area. The place was packed but service was hospitable and quick. Refills were on point and the food came out quickly. My ham and cheese omelet was solid and so was the albacore tuna melt. Very tasty and reasonably priced. Everything we had was fresh as well. Definitely sad that it took me so long to give Mr Mama's a chance.With service and food as fabulous as it was, I anticipate returning to Mr Mama's often.
5	I love it! Great Food, friendly staff, small but perfect!!! I would definitely recommend !!!
4	Came here for breakfast after arriving on an early flight.  The place was clean and friendly staff was a pleasant way to start off our trip. Ordered the full size biscuits and gravy, came with 2 eggs and hubby ordered a pancake....It was enough for us to share.  The gravy was excellent, savory and creamy and is made with sausage and bacon....super yum!  They also grill the biscuits which adds to the different textures.  Our waitress was very attentive and the prices are very reasonable.
5	Extremely unexpected!! Driving by and seeing a breakfast place with rave reviews in a strip mall...almost made us drive away except we were hungry and visiting and wanted to try something new. Pleasantly surprised, 11am and a 20 min wait for breakfast! It was delicious!!! Not overly large and the plastic lawn chairs and tables don't make for much extra seating room but super friendly staff, speedy service, and just an overall great experience for visitors in town!!!
5	Biscuits and Gravyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
4	This place is the most popular and highest rated breakfast joint in Las Vegas according to Yelp. That's why we came and I understand their reputation.We've been at celebrity chef restaurants in the strip all week, so getting out of the center was welcome. It was the cheapest meal of the weak (duh) but it was closer to the top than you'd think.Family run, fast, friendly, the food is competent and prepared right. Nothing fancy but arching the kitchen, they know what they're doing. Great value.
5	BEST BISCUITS AND GRAVY IN VEGAS...thus far in my food journey!! Scrambled eggs were fluffy and the family owned, friendly vibe is amazing!!
5	My family and I were on a road trip. We stopped in Vegas for a few days...woke up and was debating where we should get breakfast..being a yelper, I got on yelp and found that Mr.Mama's had great reviews. Let me just say my family and I was not disappointed. The owner himself greeted us upon arrival. He was so very sweet and friendly. Told my kids how his grand kids names are both J's as well.. Seated us quickly within 5 minutes and off we are looking at their menu. Kids had their special White Chocolate Chip Pancakes with bacon and a side of sausage. They loved their food. Ate everything! Husband and I had their biscuit in gravy and their Cali omelet.. OMG!! Both dishes were sooo Yummy!!!! We love this place and most definitely will stop by again whenever we're in Vegas!!
5	Great breakfast, great service, great prices. The owner greets your table and ensures everyone is well taken care of. Had the greek omelet.  Amazing!
5	My husband and I came here strictly based on Yelp reviews, and I will state here and now that it did not lead us wrong.  This is one of the best breakfasts we had in Vegas, only rivaling Kailyn's Kitchen for taste, quality and price.  We lucked out with only a 5-minute wait, but I have a feeling that this is a rare occasion here.I had the breakfast burrito, a massive tortilla stuffed full of egg, peppers, mushrooms, cheese, onions, topped off with a spicy (though not overly so) sauce that was, quite simply, to DIE for.  Coffee was delicious and plentiful - the server kept coming back and refilling, over and over, without being asked or even prompted.My husband had the Greek omelet and said that it was easily one of the best he'd ever had.  I didn't try it for myself (which I'm now sorry for), but I could see feta cheese and lots of filling spilling out over the sides, which is always good news when you're hungry and hung over!The decor was ... interesting.  Sort of almost like a farmhouse, country style - the chairs are actually in the style of wooden recliners, something you'd see on a back porch somewhere in a rural area.  Service was great - I think the owner was actually in there running things on the morning we went.  Prices are very, very reasonable (especially for a touristy town like Vegas).  Don't let the strip mall location fool you.  We've found that a lot of the best places here are in little tiny strip malls like this one.  Mr. Mama's is well worth the drive and you'll get better food (and service) than any place on the Strip - I'd lay money on it.Highly recommended!
5	Everything was great!! Food was amazing!! Favorite breakfast place went there 2x on our vacation!! Highly recommend Mr Mamas.
5	What an excellent find!  Went there for breakfast with 3 others.  All our choices were good but the pancakes were awesome!  Light and flavorful. And they served them with a big pitcher of syrup instead of the usual mini thimble portion most restaurants serve that disappear after the first bite.  Never had to wait for coffee refills.  Our waitress was very attentive and we even got a visit from the owner who visited each table to make sure everything was top notch.  Good job you guys!  We'll be back!  P & friends
4	Very good breakfast place. It's only about a 10-15 minute drive from the strip bit it's worth it.We went pretty early about 9 in the morning and it was already pretty full and this was on a Wednesday.  So if you go there any later and on a weekend I'm sure you may hit a waiting time.We were seated immediately. We ordered Mama's french toast which comes with eggs and your choice of bacon, sausage or ham. I chose the sausage. Anthony ordered the ham steak plate and that comes with toast (he chose the Texas toast), potatoes, and eggs. Everything tasted right and was cooked nicely. I love my breakfast so it definitely hit the spot. Mr. Mama was even there himself and was a nice and dedixated, family centered man. Knowing someone like that ran the place was nice and he himself went around offering coffee to his guests.
5	We have been in Vegas for a week. Breakfast here at Mr. Mamas was the best. Food was hot and service was quick and very polite.  We ate here twice during our stay and both times the food was superb. Great place!!!
5	My friends and I were moving from one hotel on the Strip to another, and since we had a car we decided to come here for breakfast. It was a nice break from the Strip and incredibly cheap. It was a simple neighborhood place (although some people looked like they came from the Strip); the service and food were good. I had a 4 egg omelette with 4 fillings for $10 including tax and tip and it came with a choice of toast and hash browns. While I don't really eat gravy, they apparently make it differently here. The manager (?) saw that it was clearly our first time there and gave us a sample. It was delicious!Definitely go if you have a car and need a break from the Strip!
4	Pretty delicious!Found this place on yelp after thinking the hotel food wouldn't be good enough.  I ordered pancakes since they were the special.  I'm not usually a big pancake eater but these were just perfect!  Sometimes places overload pancakes and I can't possibly eat them all but these were light and fluffy and the ingredients were perfectly balanced.My favorite thing about this place was that they got you in and out quickly and there was little to no waiting time.Don't expect big Vegas vibe.  This is a normal place probably for the locals.The food was inexpensive and the service was ON IT!I loved it! I'd go here again :)
4	Review 100 right here goes to a guy named Mr. Mama!While that may not be the man's real name, the food's pretty excellent, so if his last name is Mama, the first name should be Slapyo... as in food so good you'll wanna Slapyo Mama!It's in a really tucked-away place, in an industrial area filled with cars and guns, so I didn't know what to expect when I went with Elite Emily, but we were pleasantly surprised. I liked my chili omelette (actually wish there was more chili, because it was great), and the hash browns were crispy good in a little slivered semi-cake of starchy yumminess.Highlight of our foodventure was the staff though. The owner was in there, personally seating and chatting with people, and everyone from the cooks to the waitcrew were smiling and pleasant, like they actually genuinely enjoyed their job. You know I'm a sucker for a happy staff, and there's a good bet we'll be back.
5	This is a little mom and pop place, the food is all made from scratch.  The wait was 45 minutes to get a table, and it was worth it!  Everything was excellent, and even my kids cleaned their plates, which, to my memory, has NEVER happened before.
5	The Yelp reviews were right on the money for this amazing breakfast/lunch place. The service was outstanding especially considering how insanely busy they were the morning we visited. The poached eggs were perfect, the Greek Omelet was fantastic and my breakfast burrito was the incredibly delicious.  Drinks and breakfast for our family of 3 totaled $25 great deal!
5	Like others visiting Las Vegas...we wanted a good breakfast, not some touristy place with inflated prices and mediocre food.  I googled "best breakfast in Vegas" and Mr. Mama's kept showing up.  I read enough reviews to know that we HAD to try this place.  Let me tell you....these reviews did not lie.  I had the Cali omelette, and I must say, it was the best omelette I've ever had.  I ate the whole thing (4 egg omelette with hash browns).  WOW.  The owner greeted everyone who walked in the front door, and as we left, he thanked us for the business.  This guy knows how to run a  a successful operation.  Great staff and great food.  Absolutely recommend!
5	Food fabulous. Blue walls, sea themed. Route 66 pictures. Cheap prices for great meals. Wait long, but food for a song. Everything looks good. People are regulars here. Host saw we had computers,Got us a back table by the plug. Free wifi for a packed place,We pinged 14 mbs up and down! Very friendly staff, Small place in a strip mall not much parking. We will be back next time we're in Vegas.
5	Fantastic food, amazing service. Very clean. Great place to come for breakfast or lunch if you are staying on the strip. Came two days in a row!
3	Decided to come here for breakfast because of the great reviews on Yelp.There was about a 30 minute wait on Monday around 11am so it's pretty crowded.  The owner/host is VERY friendly and made the experience a lot more enjoyable.  The food was good quality, though not anything to rave about.  I've never ever had breakfast food that's amazing.  Maybe it's just not possible to create a masterpiece out of eggs or pancakes! I was searching for waffles on the menu, but apparently they don't offer them... bummer!I ordered french toast and eggs.  BF got french toast with eggs, hash browns, ham and coffee.  The price for 2 meals and a coffee was under $16. Not bad! (Though I just had 1 piece of french toast and 1 egg)  The place is pretty small which is common for these breakfast/brunch places but they have 2 TV's which is great.  The service was great and the staff was very friendly. Nothing bad to say about this place.
4	This place is pretty decent. Their breakfast are tasty, the main reason I give them 4 vs 5 stars is their prices are bit high for the portion sizes. Their steak and egg "daily special" was $13, you can find steak and eggs ( I mean good steak and eggs) at a lot of location for a lot less. I had their white chocolate chip pancakes and they were delicious. My one friend always gets the chili omelet and he says it's his favorite.   The owner is friendly and always comes up and talks to his customers. I would definitely recommend this place and support local business's
5	Don't miss having breakfast at this place. The food is awesome. There is a wait for a reason.
5	Yelp reviews drew me in. So here goes mine. Wonderfully surprised by the large portion of food and delicious flavor. Add on top of that, cheap price. Don't be turned off by the location. Yes, it is industrial, but it adds to the uniqueness of this diamond in the rough.It is very nice when the owner greets you upon entrance. He is the Hostess with the mostess. He is friendly and even gave me the history of his family restaurant business started by grandpa.
1	This is what my wife and I call a yelp-bomb... Which is that yelp says it's amazing but in reality it is below average.  I love chicken fried steak and get it at almost every chance i can for breakfast.  So no surprise here that is what I ordered.  It looked amazing and seemed like it was going to be delicious but unfortunately it didn't taste nearly as good as it looked.  First the gravy was starchy and lacked flavor.  Then the steak was too thick and tough for my liking and it also lacked flavor.  I kept taking the next bit hoping it would be better but it wasn't.  Needless to say I will never go back to this place again.  My wife got an omelet and it looked pretty good but she was also disappointed.  Their French toast looked good so if you go maybe try that.  If you want a great breakfast head down the street to Egg and I... Much better food!
5	Was in Vegas for a week for Spring Break and managed to eat here, twice! Superb customer service. When the owner takes time to be the hostess,  you know he takes care of his people very well.  The food: excellent. The first time we ate there my son ordered a burger for breakfast. He loved it so much. That's the reason why we came back again. I had an omelette the first time and couldn't finish it all. Big enough to share.  The second time I had the BLT sandwich.  So good, couldn't finish it, but took the left overs to go and had a great snack on the plane back home. The staff: Friendly! The price: reasonable. Will definitely make Mr. Mamas a place to stop and eat at when in VEGAS!
5	Love this place! We go to vegas a lot and always  am looking for a good breakfast place and have finally found one! Menu is a good size not to many items so not overwhelming and everything is made from scratch and tastes great and the service is excellent! This will be a regular for us every time we visit!
5	Been here twice now and wasn't disappointed! The food is amazing and the people are too. The biscuits and gravy is amazing. The French toast is amazing. The Greek omelette is also amazing. Will definitely continue to return!
5	Amazing costumer service, amazing food. There was a 30 min wait when we went there bc it was supper busy but the staff were so nice and caring during the time we waited that we didn't mind waiting at all.The food was ammmmmmazzzzzing, totally worth the wait!I highly recommend this place!!!
4	Overall great first time experience. I'm a southern girl so I've been looking for a comparable southern diner here in the valley for the past 6 months since I've moved here. Mr. Mamas came highly recommended and the yelp reviews certainly backed that up. Came during the afternoon around 2pm; not busy at all and was warmly greeted immediately whom I would like to assume is the owner or at least the manager. Each time someone left as well, he made a point to thank them for coming in and wishing them well. Impressive customer service. Service is definitely comparable to a southern diner experience. The set up and lay out of the place as well. I would have liked to see actual seating at the counter being that I was eating by myself so I was seated at a table for 4. During busy hours this is a disadvantage for the business when there are single eaters wanting to dine in. The place is very clean and well kept. Now food: I ordered the Mamas chicken fried steak and eggs. Pricing is Very reasonable considering the generous hefty serving sizes. Most places offer only two eggs where on this order it is 3eggs made to order along with a large chicken fried steak. I was also very impressed that my meal was not salty at all. Battered and fried southern meals along with the country gravy that goes on top tend to be on the salty side, but Mr Mamas did not disappoint! The flavors and taste were all separated and not blended into a salty hot mess. I could taste the lightly battered fried steak and could tell the country gravy on top had a more robust taste. Again I was impressed with the hefty serving size and definitely a comparable dining to home style southern cooking. The good was rather very good... But I'm giving it 4 stars because I was missing the wow factor to get that 5th star. Maybe I'll come back for the lunch side then give it the 5th star. But I would definitely recommend the place and return. But there was no "oh my gosh" feeling for it to get 5 stars. It was just really good, but not an "oh my gosh" moment.
4	Thanks to yelpers we went to Mr.Mamas for breakfast which turned out it be delicious. We were sick of eating buffets in Las Vegas and wanted something healthier. It's bit far from the strip but worth the drive. Portions were huge for the price! They offered healthy choices such a egg white omelet/brown rice. The pancakes were fluffy and not dense like cake. Food was made as ordered and fresh. Not to mention house made hash browns (which is hard to find) not frozen ones. The service was fast and efficient. A hidden gem!
3	I was in Vegas with some high school classmates who had never been to the U.S., and they wanted an "American breakfast." Wanting to get away from the strip and who my visitors a piece of Americana, I Yelped a breakfast place and came up with Mr. Mama's.   To begin with that others have said, the servers and managers are all extremely friendly. We were greeted when we entered and wished well on our way out, which made the place inviting and great for us out-of-towners.   As a southerner, I ordered my safe but telling biscuits and gravy. The gravy actually had sausage in it, and the biscuits were good, but it was not the most outstanding version I have had. I know that one of my foreign friends ordered the same thing, and he was happy with the experience, which just shows that the dish does not disappoint even those who lack expectations.    One of my other friends ordered the California omelet, which looked traditional and delicious. The omelet was made with four eggs, sour cream, and a healthy portion of avocado on top making it a very appealing dish. My friend ate most of it, so I assume that it was not bad.   If you decide to go, just know that it serves very traditional but basic American breakfast foods.
5	WOW!!!!!! This place is the bomb. Great food great service reasonable prices and large portions. There on a Wednesday group of six, place packed always a good sign greeted by Mr Mom (nick) very nice and attentive. Thirty minutes wait which was more like twenty. Had 2 chicken fried steak, 2 cali-omelet, 1 steak n eggs and a vegy omelet every one every much enjoyed the food. Home-fries excellent. Went back on Thursday. A bit calmer nick saw us coming by the time we were all in the door he had several tables put together and called us by our names. Now that's what I call customer service. Again we had the chicken fried steak, the cali omelet. Chilli omelet and a burger with provolone cheese which was cooked a perfect medium rare.  The food again was perfectly cooked and fresh. The wait staff are excellent.  Friendly, attentive we will definitely come back every time we're in vegas.         EXCELLENT JOB GUYS
5	This place is a gem!! Not far from the strip, don't be surprised if you have to wait 20-30mins  for seating even on a week day but it's completely worth!! The owner is present onsite and takes a keen interest in service. Waitresses are super nice and very accommodating to your food choices and will customize options for you even if they are not on the menu. We loved going there and highly recommend it for brunch or breakfast.
5	This place is a gem We were playing with luck (and yelp) when we chose this place. Mr.Mama's doesn't disappoint! Great food for great prices. Friendly service. A bustling atmosphere that helps you perk up in the morning! The pancakes are KA-RAZZZZYYYYY GOOD!!!!! The Greek dude at the front is a talker!!! But hey I rather have someone who is genuinely a people person greet me at the door than.... Well.... One who's not!! We frequent Vegas and I hope this place stays!! I'm coming back for more!
5	Awesome!!! So delicious, great portions, and at such great prices! We will come back again and again.
4	This was my first time trying out the place. It was packed, and the wait was about 25 mins. Well worth it though. The food was good, the portions huge, and our waitress was awesome. One thing that did irk my boyfriend and I was how the host was talking to other employees. The man, whom I would have to assume is some type of management, was getting frustrated and it was easily noticeable. He mentioned to customers how employees weren't listening to him, and spoke to an employee in a rather rude manner. It made us feel uncomfortable. He should be more aware of his surroundings.
5	Great service and delicious food. Cool atmosphere and friendly people.  The hash browns were delicious. Definitely worth the short drive from the strip to visit.
5	Best breakfast in Vegas. The owner, Nick, makes you feel welcome and makes sure you leave happy. Well worth the short trip from the Strip.
5	We were just leaving Vegas after a fun filled weekend and found this place on Yelp. I wish we would have found this place the first day we arrived. First off, you come in the door and are greeted by I assume is the owner. He gets your name, gives you a menu to look at while waiting and keeps you updated on how much longer the wait would be. Great personable service by him that really just made the visit that much better. Then we sat down. I had the Chili Cheese omelet. I veryw seldom have this because I don't want the beans, but wow was I happy I got this omelet. It was by far the best Chili Cheese omelet I have ever had. The gentleman at the door said he has been making that chili for 30 years and you could tell. Everything about this visit was a great experience for breakfast. It is off the strip a couple miles, but well worth the drive. This will be our breakfast place from now on every time we go to Vegas. If I am lucky maybe I can talk him out of his chili receipt so I can make it at home. Probably not but it is a good thought. :-)p
5	If you're looking for an amazing breakfast place away from the crowded strip, this is it! The owner and staff are extremely friendly and attentive; you can tell he takes great pride in his restaurant. Our server Melissa was awesome! Definitely recommend the French toast and home fries with onions & peppers. Wish we'd found this place sooner- very reasonably priced!
5	My experience with Mr.Mama's was good! I love their gravy and I even love that they let you sample the gravy before they give you your food.  The owner is very nice and also the waiters. Everybody work as a team and even though our party of three came in a little close to closing time they was still happy! I will visit again I loved my chicken fried steak ate it all!!!!
5	This place is great!  We wanted to get a quick bite on the way home and came across Mr. Mama's.  The service was outstanding and the food was even better.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  A must stop if you are in Vegas!  Wish I had a Mr. Mams's in my area.
5	LOVE IT!!!!!! The place was amazing . The staff were amazing . The food was amazing . I'm from the south and it was nice to have a little comfort food while in Vegas. I had the biscuit and gravy and I was hook . I know I'm visiting Mr Mama's my next visit to Vegas .
5	Very nice place, very friendly welcome and alert personnel. Go there of you look for a REALLY good american-style breakfast! Veggie omelett with very fresh vegetables, tadty spinach, mushrooms, chopped peppers/tomatoes; Mama's short stack with pancakes, ham&eggs terrific...recommendation: get in your car& go there!
5	I always come here while leaving the Vegas compound.  Breakfast lovers' galore! Been here a few times and never let me down. Awesome boss standin at the front makin sure everyone is happy- tough because there is always a wait- it's worth the wait - trust me.
5	After a great mini honeymoon here in Vegas it was time to go home :( we wanted to end our visit with some great breakfast.....We where greeted with smiles and my husband got a friendly, welcoming pat on the back. Our server was fast and on point. Two sips into my coffee and our food is out,  I mean wow that was really fast. I got the French Toast with eggs and ham and my husband got bacon and eggs. All was delicious. I'm so glad we stopped by. Yet another reason to come back to Vegas
4	it's been quite a bit of time since my diet and schedule has allowed me a visit to a mom n pop diner, but i tell ya, waiting for mr. mama's was worth it. who would think you'd find a gem like this on the outskirts of vegas??thick, meaty gravy with bits and pieces of sausage, bacon and a sharp smear of maple flavoring all atop dreamy, flaky biscuits. a must re-orderhome fries cut so thinly, they were almost potato chipseggs cooked to a T.&a breakfast burrito that could rival kelly's back home. a smidge shy of crispy on the bacon, but it makes up for it in melty, cheesy goodness and a homemade habanero salsa that Hoang T. said he would drive 400 miles for& the best part? why, mr. mama, of course! "the wait's gonna be about 20 minutes, is that alright with you folks?" "would you like some water while you wait?" "this here is my grandfather...."   just like in the movies..mr. mama, I'm so charmed to have met you; I can't wait to come back
4	Mr Mama, can I get some breakfast please?So Mr Mama's is a heart and soul Breakfast brunch place that is heard but not seen. Hanging out with elite Yelper HH and her trusty sidekick RM, we after many back and forth landed at Mr Mamas for a hearty meal before a few sneaky afternoon beverages.Like a lot of hidden places here in Las Vegas, Mr Mama's is located in a strip mall, with a small sign and a far from cafe or restaurant styled front of house.Once inside Mr Mamas, it is clear this business is a well Oiled machine. With a basic decor of blue walls, TVs and a few paintings Mamas isn't anything fancy to look at. This place let's the food do the talking. Ordering the Denver omelet, white bread toast and an ice tea from the menu, our group waited maybe 10 or so minutes for the food to start rolling out.The Denver omelet was great, your typical omelet done right! The Hash Brown Potatoes were a little dry but tasty. Others in my group all loved the food, particularly our golfer Freind Shaun, who destroyed his breakfast sandwich like some sort of golf crazy hulk monster with zero body fat and huge guns!OverallFood: 4-5Service: 4-5Cleanliness: 3-5Coming back: For sure
5	Great breakfast!  Extremely interesting biscuits and gravy.  Loved the multiple meat combo with the splash of syrup.  We were asked a couple times by what seemed to be owners/managers if everything was ok and everything was more than ok it was great!  We'll be back to Mr. Mamas next time we come to Vegas.  The employees seemed happy to answer questions and in a generally pleasant mood.  My breakfast date said it was the best omelette they had ever had.  This place really delivers and I can't wait to go back!
5	Very cute home cooked hole in the wall. The staff was very friendly and super efficient. The manager came over (MR. MAMA) And introduced himself, making us feel right at home. The food was great! I had the Cali omelette with hash browns and cottage cheese. The prices were super cheap too :)
5	I am calling Mr. mamma's the "Cheers" of restaurants.  Greeted graciously upon entering, this joint is obviously owned by A Greek family or someone who really fancies the color blue.  It's rare to visit when this restaurant is "slow" because every visit (and yes, I've made several) there is either a wait for tables beginning or ending. (Yes, the food is that good).Two dishes, two drinks for just under $20?! Say what?! No drive through, just good old classic diner menu items serving up fresh eats for breakfast and lunch daily.My counterpart swears the French dip is one of the best out there and without a doubt their tuna melt (served on rye) will have your mouth watering at the very thought of it, days later.Cheap delicious eats? Yes please! Thanks Mr. mamma's for your mom and pop shop; keep up the good work! (See ya next week, and have my tuna melt waiting!)
5	Very friendly. Great food. Great customer service.
5	I found this place thanks to Yelp and I'm glad I did. The gentleman at the door was very kind and sat us promptly although they were busy. Our server Ally did a great job and we were definitely happy with service. The Chicken Fried Steak is the best I've had! It has a non-traditional gravy with bacon and maple syrup! I heard "bacon and maple syrup" and I had to have it! If you're in the area you have to stop! I'll definitely be coming back!
5	I was in Vegas for a week and have been here three times, and for a reason. The food has been better than just about everything else I've had, and the price has been the best by far. Wait staff is nice, there is a greeter who goes around to make sure everyone is feeling catered to. He's kind of a bro but a still seems like a good guy. I will recommend this place to anyone I know going to Vegas.
5	This place is awesome, we felt right at home, the staff was awesome, friendly and attentive. I ordered the Cali omelet and the hubby ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs, both of the dishes were awesome! This is a place you must go for breakfast while in Vegas!
5	My wife and myself visited Mr/ Mama's twice this past week while in Vegas. The first day I had the chili cheese omlete which was incredible. I had never thought of ordering a chili cheese omlette but after reading multiple reviews, claiming that it was great, I had to try it. The chili goes great with the omlette and isn't over done. Mr. Mama's has some great tasting chili!. The second day I ordered the pancake and eggs. It was another homerun. They make their buttermilk pancakes from scratch and you can really taste the differance. We will be coming to Mr. Mama's for many years to come.
5	Chicken fried steak is delicious! The owner was very nice also. Top notch customer service. The eggs were the most surprising part. They were really really fluffy. Breakfast burrito was also pretty good but not as good as the steak.
5	Found Mr. Mamas on yelp. Great place. We went about 830 on a Wednesday morning. No wait. Service was fast and friendly. Food tasty and very reasonably priced. French toast very good. 1/2 order of biscuits and gravy just right. Gravy is really good. Not your typical sausage gravy.Highly recommend this place. We will return.
4	Good food, great service, good prices. What else can I say.. I spent a bunch of money in Vegas, saved money here. I would give it 5 stars, but I just felt 4 stars was closer.
5	My business is a block away from Mr. Mama's, so I visit quite a bit.  The great thing about this place is that you are greeted by the owner when you walk in and again while dining, and again when you leave.  There are very few restaurant owners who meet and greet you in Vegas so this is really a nice touch. The menu is simple and the food is great.  Breakfast and lunch.  The tourists from Las VEgas Blvd flock here, amazing and well worth the drive.   If there is a line, usually only a 10 - 20 min wait, so no worries.I don't eat beef, so no idea about the burgers.  The CHEF SALAD may very well be the best of Las Vegas.  Also, Mr. Mama's makes most of its salad dressings, incredible.  Their french fry's are unique, not sure what is on them but so addictive.The hash browns are to die for.The Veggie omelet is also easily the best of Las Vegas.The tuna sandwiches are great.You really can't go wrong coming here...make the trip.
5	Excellent! I agree with all the reviews. It is like a small Cheers type establishment where the owner takes the time to assure everybody is happy. Who does that anymore? Wow! Very impressed. I couldn't decide between the French toast and the chicken fried steak. I got the French toast which was amazing. Then I tried my hubs chicken fried steak and I was like maybe we should come back tomorrow again. Yummy, yum, yum!
4	My boyfriend and I came here this past Wednesday for a real breakfast not on the strip. We love a good breakfast that is filling; Mr Mama's did the trick! The wait staff was friendly and attentive; the manager/ owner was there, having a sincere conversation with every single patron. Having worked in a mom&pop cafe before, I appreciated that the boss was just a genuine dude, unlike the doofuses I used to work for. The gratitude, kindness, and personality of the restaurant and its staff is just awesome. I just wish we had quality places like this back home! The attitude here spoke volumes about the business.Thanks Mr Mama's for filling us up with a yummy home-style breakfast!! KCCO
5	We came here with my newly wedded cousins who wanted to eat American food while they were in America for the day, so naturally I yelp searched the area and found this GEM.As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by (I'm sorry I forgot his name) but a really nice man who looked to be the owner!  We never had to get anyone's attention to ask for service because they were just really good at coming to us often to check up on us! The food was also just as delicious. Everyone loved everything! The Denver omelet, the Cali omelet, the pancakes, the hashbrowns, the French Toast,  EVERYTHING. If you're in the area and looking for a breakfast/brunch joint, 100% recommend Mr. Mama's!
5	Excellent breakfast in Vegas. Nick the manager is very friendly. Food is great. Prices are good.
4	This was easily the best breakfast I've had during 5 days in Las Vegas. Good portions (filling but not obscene), fast, friendly service and the food was top notch. Try the Cali omelet.The owner was personable and attentive. I'll be back.
5	Really recommend this place! I felt welcome from the moment I walked in and the service was excellent. The food was excellent too at a very good price!
5	This place was amazing! The owner is pleasant and the staff is awesome. We had French toast and the Cali omelette and they both tasted great and fresh. I always order poached eggs and finally someone got it right! Great job Mr. Mamas, I can't wait to come see you guys again on my next visit to Vegas. The owner himself is a great guy who welcomed us and was busy cleaning, helping his staff, checking on customers and doing anything he could to make our visit more enjoyable. Such a rarity to see such great hospitality and quality!!!
5	I love love love this place. Whenever we head to McFadden Dale's hardware we grab lunch at Mr. Mama's. It's always good, but the word is out. Get here early or you will have to wait for a table for lunch. Full breakfast menu, friendly staff, attentive owner and some of the best burgers in town make this a definite do-over.
5	This place is awesome.  The owner greets us and stopped by the table to visit.  The food was hot and fast.  The bacon was crisp and flavorful. I tried the chicken fried steak.  Cooked to perfection with the tastiest gravy I have ever had.  The staff is well trained and friendly.  A+ for both good and service!
5	Awesome breakfast and great service! French toast are really good! I'm glad we found this place while visiting Vegas :)
5	Mr. Mama's is a hole in the wall that serves excellent food and is located about 3 miles off of the strip. I would recommend anyone to try them out. Their place is small but worth the wait if there are no available seats.
5	Whoever the guy was that greeted us at the door and took our names was awesome, super friendly and made us feel like they would do their best to get us in right away, and they did! It was worth the 10 minute wait! Service was above and beyond, super clean location, friendly staff, great food and fast service. No complaints! Definitely worth stopping in.
5	Fast, friendly service and a very clean eating area. We were seated promptly, and the food was fast and very tasty!
5	Great service, great prices and great food. Best onion rings I've ever had! Really worth getting off the strip. Burger better than A certain angry British chef's. Honestly! Forget Gordon Ramsay come here for a better burger and support your local community!
4	I was a little reluctant to go there at first. It looked plain and blend. We waited for about 15 minutes, which was OK ( wow, they actually had people waiting which was a good sign). The service was good but not great. The waitress was nice, but not very experienced. She kept asking me if I want to top off m coffee which was a little annoying. I asked her how big the pancakes were for my sons and she said there were "normal small pancakes". Well, let me tell you they were huge and great. The food was excellent and big portions and the prices were very reasonable.
4	Yummy food and very friendly staff.
4	This place is very popular and we had to wait about 30 minutes to get a table, the food was good and well priced, we had french toast with eggs, a pancake and burrito. The coffee and tea get free refills but I'm not sure how long you can make a tea bag last as they only refilled the hot water.. pancake was nice after adding butter and maple syrup all over it otherwise it's a bit dry. My husband loved his breakfast burrito with the spicy sauce on the side. Service was good and the host(/manager/owner?) was really pleasant and friendly. Good diner all round.
5	Amazing all around breakfast in a clean organized and happy environment. Everything cooked the way it should be. Pancakes, French toast, whatever you crave Amazing!
4	Food was good. Coffee was delicious!! Place gets pretty packed. But staff were all friendly.
5	Gotta love a place where you can get good eggs, hash browns, toast, and sausage for under $10 ($6.75 to be exact). The wait staff is super friendly and the place is really clean! Will definitely come back here the next time we're in Vegas!
5	Customer service made me come back. Everytime I come to Vegas I make a huge effort to eat here each time. The food is great but the service tops it off for sure.
4	Filling American breakfasts and very good service.   If you want better than Dennys or most of the strip, this diner won't disappoint.   The owner greets you and makes the round checking on customers, the servers are friendly and attentive, and Allie was very helpful.  While you may wait for a table because this is a popular spot, the food will be served pretty quickly.  The chili omelet was tasty and filling with perfectly cooked hashbrowns. The coffee is okay, medium roast, and they keep refilling your mug.  My group ordered other omelets and pancakes and everyone enjoyed them and no one could finish because of large portions.  This is a type of restaurant you'd find on a TV show for good quality and good service.  This is the place to go if you don't want a lot of flash, but want good service, good food and good portions.
5	Nice
5	Fantastic welcoming by the staff.....serviced right of way with coffee & orange juice....place looks very clean staff well groomed love it so far! Started with a cinnamon roll delicious!!  This place is delicious the service is great & prices are VERY reasonable.
3	Thought we'd love this diner based on yelp reviews.  Totally agree that the owner and his staff are amazing!  Friendly and super nice!  Prices are very reasonable for the most part. The restaurant is clean and we were seated quickly. I was really surprised, tho, when are waitress explained that the side of fruit I ordered came from a can!  Our meal seemed to take longer than it should have to come to our table and it really wasn't anything special. Coffee was meh. If you are looking for a friendly restaurant with filling, inexpensive food off the strip, then this might be the place for you.
4	Service is good, breakfast burrito was good - add avocado, that is a must. This kind of dinner is what makes LV a great place. Take the time and get away from the strip.
4	The cali omelette was very good, and I'm not the biggest omelette fan.  The eggs were nice and fluffy and not overcooked and the flavours really went well together.  Topped off with some cholula for a nice kick.  The prices are great, as good value as you'll find at a diner.  You may/probably will have a wait depending what time you show up.They don't have corned beef hash, huevos rancheros, or eggs Benedict which are all breakfast staples I absolutely love.  This isn't really a knock, I'd rather have them do foods well then add more stuff and half ass it.
5	Great breakfast place to hit in Las Vegas.  Nick is a great host for a Detroit Tiger fan. Excellent quality food and many breakfast dishes to choose from.Good pancakes. You can order hash browns or home fries.  Ask for hash browns and make them crispy.Get here early especially on the weekends it fills up fast.
4	Really nice discovery by one of my cousins.  It is just a really nice breakfast place off the strip.  I had the ham and cheddar cheese omelette with home fries.  Really tasty.  I also had the biscuit with a side of sausage gravy.  Excellent.  I am a big fan of simple food, being well prepared.  Service friendly and quick.
4	Very solid (but unoriginal) breakfast spot. Didn't see a single unique or interesting item on the menu but the short stack I got (2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 3 slices of bacon) was satisfying. Nothing was greasy, bacon was high quality and well cooked, pancakes were adequate. Not sure how this place has 4.5 stars over so many reviews due to the plainness of just about everything but I also couldn't point to anything bad about the meal.
5	If I could rate this place any higher then a five I would just based on the service alone!!!  Everyone was super friendly, especially the gentleman up front...  He had nothing but great things to say and treated everyone so wonderfully that I'm assuming he had to be the owner. The food was great.  Nothing special or exciting but what they do they do really well...  I always order scrambled eggs but never really enjoy them and for the first time in a long  time I did...  I will be back everytime I come to vegas Andwill recommend coming here to my friends
5	Thanks to Yelp I was able to find this Gem that wasn't  attached   to a Hotel or Mall. we were greeted by a friendly host. The rest of the staff are very efficient & friendly.Very Good down home Breakfast...good fluffy French toast with a touch of cinnamon.  Hubby ate the well reviewed  Cali  Omelette...I just needed stronger coffee but the good food and great staff was definitley 5 star worthy!
5	So glad I found this place on yelp. It's a very small restaurant, but definitely worth the wait. Very affordable and delicious tasting food. I recommend the Cali omelette! I'll definitely be coming back!
4	We thought we try this place since it got excellent reviews. The place seemed clean, open, and friendly. Wait time, maybe, 20 minutes. We sat down got our drinks for breakfast and we waited. They had plenty of staff, but our waitress took maybe fifteen minutes to take our order. We decided to try some of the popular items like Cali omelet, chicken fried steak, biscuit and gravy, and pancakes. Overall, the breakfast was good. Their homemade gravy was decent, but needed more pepper and flavor in the sausage.If I lived on that side of town, I would come back to this place. However, there are great breakfast places around town that I would try before coming back.
4	This place does a nice job of setting your expectations low, in a strip mall, off the strip, and plain decor.  But the food can stand on it's own.It's not fine dining.  It's no nonsense, quick and easy.  You'll probably get an omelet.  The advertise 4 eggs is about what you'll get.  Bigger than your average, but hearty.  You'll get what you expect.  I had the spanish omelet (2 cheeses, spinach, and avocado).  Omelets aren't too complicated, of course, but it was served quickly, a decent portion, and it was better than I thought.Service was good, fast, polite, and attentive.  (Thanks, Melissa!)
4	Went here aroud 11:30am on a Sunday, there was a bit of a wait for the 5 of us. 30 minutes or so, but did not mind.  All of us ordered off the lunch menu and enjoyed our sandwhiches.  I was looking at the breakfast items walking by and will definitely go back to order off the breakfast menu.  They are only open from around 6am-2pm 7 days a week.  So make sure to get there early.
5	Yes, I know it's only breakfast, but this place is amazing! Everything tastes super fresh and tasty! Expect to wait about 25-30 mins., but i promise you it is all worth it. Not to mention the staff is super attentive and nice. Am loving this place!
5	Super friendly owner, great service, off the beaten path, obviously a lot of locals, not fancy but acceptable furnishings. Food was very tasty with ample proportions.
5	Great food and great service! We stopped by here after seeing all the great reviews on yelp. This place definitely lives up to the hype. Portions are huge, the food is delicious, and everyone is so friendly. If you come to las Vegas or are in the area you need to stop by and grab some breakfast or lunch. We'll definitely be back!
3	Very customer focused down to earth staff& food is home cookin& filling. Very packed dining area butt staff makes you feel like you are the only guests.Big variety in menu
5	First time here!  Service and food was awesome.  Staff is extremely friendly!  Owner is down to earth and interacts with everyone in the dining room.  Food was delish!  I recommend the country fried steak and eggs.  Definitely coming back next time we're in Vegas!
4	Great spot for breakfast. Away from the Vegas strip, so great to get away from all the hustle.
4	From the outside, this non-descript, strip-mall restaurant doesn't look like much, but the food certainly stands on its own. Quick, attentive service and large, delicious portions make Mr. Mama's a great breakfast spot for Vegas locals or tourists who have access to a car. I had the Western Omelette - something I've ordered at dozens of restaurants but this was definitely one of the best I've had. As I mentioned, they are huge portions and you could probably split one with another person... but it's really good... and you may want it all to yourself!
5	The best sausage gravy !!!! Great customer service!! Short wait was well worth it. I would go here a lot if I lived in Vegas !!
1	Zero stars if possible. On my family vacay and was suggested to come here by my sister. Our friend had got there first and reserved table for us first but when we got there the guy with the clipboard put us at the end of the list. Really?? Later on Guy with the clipboard refused service because my fiance was keeping the door open for my family?! Really?? Throwing slurs at us and being all mighty with his clipboard? Racist jerk.
5	Love this place! Awesome prices... Well worth the cab drive over! The gravy is to die for along with everything else! We had the country fried steak, biscuits and gravy, and pancakes (4 of us split) good portions and good environment!
5	Only thing that beats the food here is the amazing family service wonderful breakfast place while in Vegas!!!
5	It was nice to eat at a real mom and pop place for breakfast after eating at over rated tourist trap restaurants on the strip.   The staff was very friendly and personable .  You can tell they take great pride in their establishment.  Was greeted at the door by Mr. Mama himself.  Place was full on a Thurs morning but we waited only 5 min.  We ordered Greek omelet , veggie omelet (all egg whites) and my kids had the short stack combo .  Portions are very generous!  Bring a hearty appetite. All the food was excellent.  The ham that came with the combo was a nice thick steak, not a thin dried out piece you might get at an IHOP or Denny's .  Our bill was only $42 before tip.  I paid $6 for a regular coffee at the Mandalay Bay so it was a bargain.  Will definitely make Mr Mamas a stop whenever we go to Vegas !
4	We ended up here as we'd needed to look at some kitchen and bath fixtures at a store next door. The wait was about 40 minutes, but it passed quickly. All the people lined up outside and speed walking across the parking lot to put their name down; I'll admit it, I was intrigued. Quick summary. The French Toast was the best I've ever had. I loved the cinnamon! I'm not a French Toast nut, but I inhaled this. Came with eggs and some bacon. - Standard stuff.  My husband had the California breakfast burrito and he was more than happy. He offered me a bite, but no - sorry, I'm way too busy with my French Toast. Our kids shared a pancake breakfast, per our servers recommendation. It was the perfect size. The owner, Nick was at the front of the restaurant. He was taking names and seeing that everyone was sat promptly. He runs a tight ship. I watched/listened to him sternly speak to his line cooks about an incorrect temperature on a steak, and thought to myself that you'd really need a thick skin to work there.
5	For non-locals, aka everyone coming to Vegas for The Strip, the location of this restaurant is probably super random. But trust my words when I say that it is definitely worth your while to find your way here as you head out of Vegas and you're needing to recover. And for locals, you've got quite a gem! It's as satisfying as breakfasts get. You get delicious and large portions of food served by super friendly staff, at a super cheap price. WIN-WIN-WIN.I had the Western Omelette and a side of hash browns. Each omelette is cooked with 4 eggs, and if you want to pay just a little extra you can have it cooked with egg whites instead. The Western Omelette is made with the perfect combination of sausage, mushrooms, green & red peppers, and green onions. The cooks get this combo just right, and its a large serving so be prepared to have a little extra to take home.We arrived right before 9 am and we waited about 5 minutes as they prepared a table for us. I noticed it got very crowded after we were seated though. Makes sense with how good this place is, so try to get there early! Plenty of parking available too as it's on a kind of strip mall/plaza.
5	Best Spanish omelet the wife and I ever had. Spinach,  Cheese and Avacodo were very fresh,  and they definitely don't skimp on how much of the ingredients they give you. The biscuits and gravy were amazing. Very impressed.  We will for sure come back when we visit again from Arizona.  We had read a prior review from 5 days ago regarding racism? Huh??? Lol... The staff was friendly and far from racist. Myself being Filipino from Florida, I know racism.  I am also a Phx Police officer and deal with a lot of fake people and s***heads daily. Sean and the other staff were more than welcoming to us and any other patron of color. They talk to EVERYONE and all feel at home there...I laughed when I read that review. And also, if youve ever been there, you know that it was a nice gesture  from staff for the other eating guests to ask someone to please not keep the door open from the 110 degree heat. There are tables near the door!!! Anyways. A great place, great staff... Enjoy!
5	Everything was freaking delicious and the service was excellent. It is priced fairly, in my opinion, and the dudes working here are super cool. They asked us how the food was, and we had some short, funny conversations with the owner/worker as well.Portions are huge! There will probably be a wait, so while you wait, you will salivate!
4	Cali omelet was excellent. Had higher expectations for the biscuits and gravy. Had to wait for awhile but the quality of food and price were outstanding.
5	The best breakfast I have ever had. It was a 40 minute wait but it was completely worth it!!!!! I had the veggie omelet which was awesome. My mom and dad got the cali omelet which was the best omelet I ever had. Their French toast was also amazing. This place is great and you need to try it. I really recommend it.
5	It is obvious that Mr. Mama's takes great pride in what and how they serve their customers! Everything that we ordered was nicely done of the finest quality. Example one: Side order bacon! This $3.50 side order blew my mind with 4 thick cut, meaty, perfectly done pieces that is a bacon lover's trip to heaven.Example two: Our waitress brought to our attention that the toasts that she delivered may be slightly charred and she would be glad to replace them. We were startled because they were fine except for a tiny spot on the edge. More evidence that they try to serve only the best to each and every customer.We'll be back!
4	My wife found this place on Tripadvisor as one of the highest rated affordable restaurants in Las Vegas.  We gave it a try and were pleased we did!  While it is located in a small strip mall off the strip with a very uninspiring front, once inside I could understand the rating.  The owner met us as we walked in and made us feel immediately welcome and important.  The staff was super friendly and obviously loved their jobs and represented the place well.  The owner also came over to our table once we were waiting for our food (a properly short wait) and told us about the picture on the wall as being from his grandfather back in Pontiac Michigan and the restaurant he ran during the depression.  The owner and his staff rate 5 stars alone and genuine hospitality and appreciation for my business is so unusual these days.I had a French Dip au jus and my wife had a Grilled Chicken Sandwich.  Both were very good, cooked well with fresh ingredients.  The only thing keeping this from 5 stars was that the food needed salt and pepper but in my opinion, that is fairly common these days with all the attention being paid to sodium.  A small price to pay (adding salt) for having a very enjoyable lunch while supporting a business that appreciates it's customers!  I will definitely come back next time in Vegas and I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	We always stop by for Sunday morning goodbye breakfast, & this place does not disappoint. My husband LOVES the chicken fried steak & eggs and the gravy here is SO good. The wait staff is friendly and attentive, coffee is never empty. We will most definitely continue with our Vegas breakfast tradition!
5	This has to be one of the best local places in Vegas for a good breakfast. The staff is amazing, the owner at the door is just the best and really makes you feel welcome.Now to the important stuff, the food. I love the breakfasts here. I have been here twice and can't say enough about how good the food is. If you like Chili, you have to try the Chili Cheese Omelet. Wow I love this Omelet.The Prices can't be beat, especially when your in Vegas.
5	Stopped by on the way home from vegas. Had the Cali omelet and hash browns and substituted toast for one pancake free of charge :). My hubby had the greek omelet. It was good too. The pancake was sooooo amazing. The best I've had. Everything is from scratch and you can taste it . Our waitress Julie was so friendly and nice. Even offered us drinks on our refill to go for our drive back to San Diego. We were shocked! No one has ever offered us that before. We were kinda shy and cought off guard by the offer . So sweet! The best service and best food. Will be back again.
5	I really enjoyed this place. Visited on 06/14 (Saturday) around 11:30a. Waited about 30 minutes for a table. Had the Denver omelet (4 eggs!, ham, peppers, and cheese), husband had the mushroom Swiss burger, little had a pancake. The omelet was delicious and so were the home fries. Husband enjoyed his burger (was juicy, NOT dry). Little one polished off the made from scratch pancake. Truly, it is hard to make out of this world breakfast food, but there's something about a good breakfast spot that smells of delicious fresh-brewed coffee when you walk in. The pancakes were light and fluffy and delicious. Staff was very friendly and checked on us throughout our meal. We never had to ask for anything. This in itself is worth another visit. And maybe another one after that......
5	Was treated to a birthday lunch at a new place. I had the taco salad and have been craving another one since. The portions are ridiculously big but the price is not. Service was attentive and friendly. Place seems to be busy but so worth the wait.
5	Greeted with a warm welcome, sat very quickly! This place is a well oiled machine. Great pancakes, and the eggs were cooked perfectly.. The sour dough toast was sooo good. Really nice staff too!
5	I love eating breakfast here, the owner is very nice and greets everyone who comes in. Food and service was great! I will definately come back.Prices were great as well.
3	Hope you love blue cause there's lot's of it! Decor is simple and clean with an open kitchen so you can see exactly how they're making your food. Maybe I could be totally off but it appears to be themed after "Greece" everything is blue & white with two large art pieces in the back of Greece. It's a very hands on and interactive setting, servers acknowledge you right away they're seen constantly engaging the guests which I find makes this venue even more warm and inviting. The menu had a nice personal touch to it and it "put a smile on my face." It's your traditional American fare breakfast, no twists or turns very minimal and basic. Being a fan of chili I had to give it a try. I ordered a western omelet with good ol has browns and wheat toast. My friend ordered 2 eggs, hash browns, and rye toast with only 1 yolk, I know she's quite the health freak. We both could not resist the chili and unfortunately we were disappointed, it's a little too sweet to be chili. My girlfriend stated the meat tasted like meatballs and the chili tasted like Prego. Nevertheless we were still excited for our food, the flavor of the hash browns were bomb! My omelet wasn't anything insanely out of this world but decent. My girlfriend and I enjoyed our hash browns and toast the most, the flavors were so good. All in all it's great value for the amount of food we ordered plus drinks, our bill came out to $24 which is pretty sweet deal for two people. I would return again just to see if there are any additional standout items.
4	Food/Taste: BI placed an order for an omelet with american cheese, bacon, bell pepper and grilled onions with a side of hash browns, Texas toast and grits.  The omelet was good but after a while it tasted dry and like it needed some flavor (some salsa would've been perfect!).  Order Accuracy: DMy Texas toast because sourdough bread at pickup and my hash browns became onion rings (which come on, onion rings and an omelet doesn't even sound right! I know its Vegas and all but really!?!)Selection: AVery extensive menu and it's widened by many options that allow you to "build your own."Service: BAs soon as I walked in I was greeted and my order was ready.  The girl that took care of me had a bit of an attitude, but my day was off to a good start so I didn't let it get to me. Price: BThe price for my meal was around $15-17.  To me that's a little steep, but it was a lot of food and I was definitely filled up so I'll meet you halfway on this one. Other Thoughts:Whoever is working the phones/pickup area needs to be an outside of the box thinker.  Like I mentioned earlier, some salsa really would've made a huge difference on the omelet and they included no sugar for the grits.  It just so happens my hotel has a coffee maker so I was able to find some in the room.  You are literally right around the corner from the strip so it's not that far of a stretch to assume that you're going to get a lot of tourists.  If its someone's first time eating here, they won't know the questions to ask when it comes to what comes with the order or what they should've asked for. Be that person that thinks outside of the box for us tourists.
2	I dont understand the great reviews. Greasy diner food, served up in an industrial strip mall, with average customer service. They are ok, but definitely not worth 5 stars! So many other options offering up better quality food and ambiance.
5	Absolutely the best place I enjoy going for breakfast whenever i'm  visiting Vegas.   Owner is a very pleasant guy to chat with.  He made a point to drop by each table to see how everyone was doing.   Be sure to check out the big black-and-white picture on the wall of his dad when he was a chef "back in the day".   It's only a mile or so off of the strip so not far.
5	I figured I would stop in before I headed back home.. The place is cafe style.  Very clean and busy like a place should be. I was greeted by a stocky bald guy who was just awesome and the perfect person to be up front. I ordered the cali omelette made with egg whites and homestyle potatoes well done.  The omelette was outstanding.. one of the best I had.. I didn't even need to add tabasco like I usually do.. the potatos were perfect and not burnt..Staff was all friendly, very attentive and seemed to really appreciate the business..Highly recommended!
4	I have had it booked mark for about a month now and finally could go. I have to say I was not disappointed at all. The reviews I read are in point. I really lived the food. We had to wait for about 30 minutes to sit but it was definitely worth the wait. It is a little small. I think they could use a bigger spot cause the food is great. Service was excellent!!! We ordered French toast, 2 orders of eggs which came with hash browns or home fries, and toast and was only 4.95. French toast was 2.50. Also ordered the steak and eggs which is a thin rib eye, home fries, 2 eggs and toast for only 10.00. Then we also ordered the Cali omelet and that was 4 eggs, home fries and toast. Total with drinks came out to 35.00 for 5 people!!! The Cali omelet was so awesome!! Sour cream on top, sausage cheese and grilled veggies with avocado. Rib eye was juicy and flavorful not the best rib eye but great for a breakfast plate. My son said it was the best French toast he ever had too. Great for brunch too!!
5	Chicken fried steak and eggs rocks!!!!!!!  Service was excellent. Very attentive. Portions were big and prices were fair. Location was easily accessible with plenty of parking. Restaurant was clean and coffee delicious. We loved it. Great weekend breakfast spot.
5	Wooooow to this place! Me and my family usually always try to stop at a buffet before leaving town, but I yelped this place and it was scored 4.5 stars! I wanted to try it out! So we came here! Omg the food was amazing and filling! I got the special which was 2 breakfast tacos w/ a side and drink for $7, although the wait was longer then expected the food and outstanding service made up for it!! I was glad to leave town with a filling and happy stomach! I will be back here again!!
5	My first time, found on Yelp while in Vegas...  Food was excellent!! Service was great, from  the beginning to the end...
5	Good food, good service! Sometimes there's a wait, but I've never waited more than 25 minutes and it's totally worth it!
2	1. They don't serve freshly squeezed orange juice. 2. They don't serve fresh fruit. (only fruit cocktail out of a  can) 3. They don't serve real Jam. If you serve breakfast, and do not meet at least one  the criteria listed above, then your establishment belongs in the same echelon as Dennys. Why this place has 4 stars and 630 reviews is beyond me. I question if I even at at the right restaurant? During our wait, the host gave us a 5 minute speech on how "the owner buys only the freshest items for the menu". - Fresh like a can of fruit cocktail. The interior looks like a blue screen studio from Universal Pictures. I had steak and eggs. Steak was gray. Eggs were.... Eggs,  and... Nothing else to report. They should call this place Mr. Meh... Totally standard stuff here. Not the 5 star type of standard. The 2 star type of standard. Next time ill spare the 45 minute wait and go to Mimi's Cafe, at least they have fresh squeezed OJ, fresh fruit, muffins baked that the same morning, and decent breakfast...Sorry to kill the buzz here, but I am sure Mr. Mommy (if he even cares to read yelp) would appreciate some constructive and much needed feedback amongst the hoards of shallow praise. Go get some oranges.
5	Found this place through yelp. Service and food was amazing. I got an omelet as a scramble and the eggs were cooked perfectly. The biscuit was also toasted for me on the grill which I loved! ONE WARNING! The portions are GIGANTIC! I barely finished half my omelet. My boyfriend got the mamas and it looked like something out of man vs. food! If you hung over and hungry this is the place to go!
4	Let me say, this has to be one if the friendliest places I've ever been to! The owner greeted us as we approached the door. He also checked up on us during our breakfast. I ordered the Spanish Omelette, and it was good. Not the best, probably because of all the mozzarella cheese. My brother got French Toast, and it was amazing! I highly recommend that next time. I also tried the Breakfast Burrito, and it was delicious. I wonder how it would taste with sour cream.I'm glad I found this place on Yelp.
5	Everything we ordered was great. The country gravy is amazing!!! Everyone at the table ordered something different which worked perfectly because we got to taste 4 different meals. The steak was cooked to perfection. To top it all off, the staff is one of the friendliest groups of people I've ever met. Definitely a must do while in Vegas :)
5	Get the chicken fried steak! - The End
5	Food: AMAZING. One of the best breakfast places I ate ever. I ordered the Denver omelet which included hash browns and upgraded my toast to french toast for a $1. Everything hit the spot! Ambience: cute. It was very blue.Wait: Nope. Service: They paid a lot of attention! All the customers were locals except for us! LOL Will I come back:  Hell yeah! Every time I go back to vegas!
4	Went there yesterday, but didn't do a review. Small place perfect for what me and my husband like. Good selection of food. Not overwhelming like some places where you cannot decide what to eat. Finally a place where they cooked my eggs and hashbrowns EXACTLY how I like them. Only reason why they didn't get 5 stars is that they didn't cut the core out of my husband's tomato on his salad. Come on guys!  That's food prep 101. I don't want that on my plate.
5	Well, in my girlfriend and I's ongoing quest for the best breakfast around (that's reasonably priced), Mr. Mamas has entered as a serious contender for first place. After seeing all the great reviews on here, and looking at the incredibly affordable prices, we decided we had to try it. My girlfriend got French toast and I got the California omelette as a scrambler. My scrambler was INCREDIBLE. Seriously one of the best egg based breakfasts I've ever had. The sour cream/salsa/avocado on top really made the dish, and I happily finished up the 4 egg monster. The French toast was good, perfectly cinnamon, but not overly sweet.  I'm not a huge French toast guy, so I don't consider my judgement too accurate. What was also nice is that they had little coffee mate French vanilla packets. I haven't seen any other breakfast place offer something like this, and I don't know why! I love using flavored creamer in my coffee, it's one of my favorite things about drinking coffee, and having that option here with unlimited coffee just made the value that much better!The service was also great, and we really enjoyed chatting with the staff about the food and the restaurant. The decor was basic, but works just fine. I would say watch out Babystacks (our current number one), but the truth is they are very different. For an omelette? I'm going here. For a sweet breakfast of specialty pancakes and other sweet items, I'm going to Babystacks.
4	Mr. Mama's has caught my eye a few times so what better time to go check it out then on Father's Day? I decided to go earlier like a 9 am meet up time so when we got there it was busy but there were still tables open. Unfortunately we had to wait for our remaining party and their empty tables filled up quickly. We ended up waiting a good 45 minutes for a table of 6. I ordered the spinach/mozzarella omelet. A lot of flavor with yummy avocado on top! Who can beat that combination? Food came out fairly quickly after we got our order taken and they were so efficient for it being a busy holiday. My husband ordered the country fried steak and eggs and it was gone by the time we left so I'm assuming he enjoyed it thoroughly. There were no kids menu that I saw of so I just ordered a side for my tot. Overall, this place is small so get there early. When we left there was a bunch of people inside and outside waiting! This place is obviously popular for a reason and I definitely will be back.
5	I can't say enough good things about Mr. Mama's.  Good food, great service and  excellent prices. It's a breakfast trifecta. There will be a wait - but it will be worth it. Our whole table was pleased with their meal. And our server, Melissa was a real pro - friendly and helpful with perfect manners. Thanks for a wonderful meal!
4	Soooo it's breakfast, right, which is hard to screw up... but even harder to stand out. I was skeptical at first, because the prices were FANTASTIC and the decor is... diner. We had to wait about 20 minutes (but that was still an hour shorter than the place we tried before) but once we were sat the service and food was fast. The waitress was so very friendly, we felt like we'd met an old friend. Everything we had was super tasty, the gravy.. holy smokes. Great fluffy pancakes. We loved it, our kids loved it, when in Vegas we will certainly go out of our way to go back!
4	There was a little bit of a wait for our food, but our order came out perfect and the food was great. I had the banana caramel french toast and it was amazing. I came in with a group of 7 and we are all leaving with smiles. Steak was great, the Cali and Spanish omelet a were spectacular. The waitresses are so friendly and have great recommendations. If I ever visit Vegas again I'll be back!
2	I went a while back on the weekend and the girl that sat me was sooo rude!!! And unfriendly she really didnt make me feel welcomed. The food was alright not like how everyone makes it seem on the reviews. The egg and I is better.
4	Came here this morning for breakfast with my friends! I'm in Vegas for the next month and was looking for something close by the house we are staying at. Mr. Mamas is right down the street and I can't wait to go back! Their breakfast menu is very similar to most diners, and it's absolutely amazing! We ordered: chicken fried steak and eggs, French toast, sausage and gravy biscuits and hash browns. Everything was really well executed. Simple, but flavorful food. Despite the unhealthy sounding names, the meal did not feel heavy. I'll definitely be back, and will be sure to tell my other friends about this spot as well. Happy customer
5	Mmmm good breakfast I've had the French Toast and the California Omelet Both were great. If your looking for a quick breakfast spot try this one. Clean! Great Food for the $ and service w a smile.
5	First time visitor to Mr. Mama's and was looking for something off the Las Vegas strip so as not to spend every dime we had in one sitting... We also wanted something reasonable, local and good. Well Mr Mama's had good reviews so we gave it a try and sure enough the prices were good, the customer service was even better and the food was great... fresh, filling and hot. The owner and his staff treat you as if you were in their home... We watched the owner interacting with customers and children and he was very kind, generous and loving and you could tell he really enjoyys making people happy. This is the reason I gave it 5 stars... Keep up the good work!
4	This place had great service and atmosphere.  The food was great.  Definitely will be going again.
5	This place was OUTSTANDING!!!! From the service to the hot food. This is our everyday breakfast location from now on. Even though the owner is a Michigan fan we loved it!!! O-H...
5	Best Breakfast in Las Vegas! Nick, the owner greets each customer, talks to them, and thanks each guest. The staff are very pleasant and really take care of all your needs. We have been coming here for nearly a year.  We've tried several other places, but this tops them ALL!
5	Had the Cal Omelet. Ask for extra Pico de Gallo, it is fresh and wonderful flavor. My wife had the short stack, light, fluffy with thick sliced bacon. Great spot if you have transportation from the Strip
2	Ate here a couple weeks ago. Had chicken fried steak and eggs. Typical sysco frozen steak with gravy that just had TOO much sausage in it . The gravy was tasty but sausage saturated. I'll bet it would be good on Biscuits though.Service slow but ok.Just better out there.
3	I came this morning with my teenage sons. With all the high reviews on yelp and my.love for breakfast I had to give it a try. sadly I can only give three stars. the staff all seem vert nice and were on top of everything. I had the bf burrito... sadly - bland. no salt or pepper or seasoning of any kind. One son had a chili omelette... the flavorful rs very muted and the sauce on top was not good. the redeeming dish... my other son's steak and eggs. tastey steak cooked medium, very good home fries. so if I.come again I think I will stick with a basic breakfast.
5	For an amazing breakfast you HAVE to eat at Mr. Momma's. It's only a short distance from the Strip but well worth the time. Our server was Julie who was extremely pleasant and always kept our coffee cup full ( fresh ground beans every pot) .....Nick ( the owner) personally sits and chat's with each and every table, he is a very easy going and happy man. My wife had pancakes, bacon and eggs, I opted for the Western omelet and a cup of their famous sausage gravy....everything was fresh and extremely flavorful.....prices are a bargain compared to the Strip.We will be eating breakfast here each morning of our stay......you won't be disappointed.
5	It's a bit of a drive from the strip, it's in an industrial strip mall, and it's FABULOUS. The food is well priced,  yummy,  and the service is better than most upscale eateries.   The owner is friendly and does a great job managing customers and his staff.   Eat here.  You won't be disappointed.
4	When we arrived, we weren't sure about this place.  It's a hole in the wall amongst hardware stores. The host/owner was very friendly and greeted us when we walked in the door.  There was a 30-35 min. wait, but it was totally worth it!  The food was amazing. I had an omelet with cheese that was melted perfectly and the eggs were not over cooked. My wife had the French Toast and it was delicious.  The restaurant itself is a little hot, but it's tolerable. Over all, we had a great experience. We will be returning soon!
5	Me and my boyfriend are always looking for a good place to have breakfast , I found Mr. Mamas here on yelp . And let's just say this place was everything I could expect ! Delicious food , I had the Spanish omelet  , it was so cheesy and the spinach was cooked perfect my boyfriend tried the French toast and I finished them off because they were truly outstanding ! Definitely coming back for more :)
4	My friends and I were looking for a good breakfast place and found Mr.Mama's on yelp. The waiters and host were really friendly. The food took a little long but it was definitely worth the wait. The food was just what we were looking for and at a great price.  I would definitely recommend Mr.Mama's to anyone looking for a great breakfast joint.
5	Perfect way to end our Vegas trip. I had the French toast with bacon and it couldn't have been better for this tiny gem of a diner.  Bacon was perfectly cooked and the French toast was soft and fluffy. Small wait but the instant a table opened it was bussed and set up. Next time I come to Vegas I will skip the overpriced breakfasts on the strip and make the 10 minute drive for breakfast here.
5	Heading away from the strip on our way home. Needed to grab breakfast. Tried this place because of the already great reviews that I will add to. This place is fantastic! Service was awesome. Food came fast and it tasted fabulous. Not to mention the cheapest breakfast we have had our entire stay! Will be coming back here every time we visit. And will be passing it along to friends and family.
5	We just arrived in Vegas and read the reviews on local restaurants. We read about Mr Mama's and decided to have breakfast there. The food was great, but the staff is what made the difference. They were super friendly which made the food taste even better. Our daughter Eileen loved the home made pancakes. Needless to say, we went back the next day for seconds. Pay them a visit, you'll love the prices, service, and a nice break for the strip cattle lines! Enjoy!!
5	Best breakfast in Vegas. I come here every trip to Vegas to play poker. The owner/mgr is really nice and the food is great! Pancakes, French toast or an Omelet you can't go wrong.
4	Great/cheap/fast breakfast. Had white chocolate chip pancakes... amazing!! Not sure why this isn't a common thing, but it was fantastic.
5	Amazing! The food and customer service is wonderful! My friends and I ordered pancakes, French toast, eggs, and home potatoes. The bacon was the best. It's about a ten minute drive from the strip. Very small, but wait is only about ten minutes! Definitely go! All the staff care! (:
1	If I could give this 0 stars I would and usually give good reviews. I found this place on Yelp because it had great reviews. If you like plenty of food and treated like SHIT! Then this is the place. I checked in and ask for a table for 8. I was told "It's probably going to be a 39 minute wait and I'm gonna have to split you guys up". We said, "No problem" . We were seated within 10 minutes and my group was split up about 2 tables away. About 2 minutes later, before we ordered anything or even got water, a table opened up right next to me. I asked the waiter, can we move to this table so I can be next to my family. They said, "We have to ask the boss". The waiter told his boss, "they want to play musical chairs". The manager there told me that he wasn't able to give us the table, that he already gave the table away (even though they were still cleaning it). They we were "WELL, YOU CAN EITHER EAT HERE, OR LEAVE ". So we left. I get, he was busy and didn't need our business. I enjoy using Yelp because I try to support small businesses. I feel like bigger chains don't give you good service because they don't need your business or value it.  This place, definitely doesn't value your business. Actually, there was a worker there that apologized for her boss. The "boss" was a jerk, no eye contact or nothing. It worked out well for us, we left and went to the Bear Diner. It cost a little bit more money, but the service was excellent and the food was great.
5	Big mamma.... Big review!  We were staying at Mandalay Bay and could not use our MyVegas 2 fo1 buffett coupons on Saturday.  Not going to pay $30 for their mediocre buffet for adults and $25 for kids.  Raffles breakfast menu averaged $17 per entree.  What happened to the $3.99 steak and egg deals?Big mammas is great with huge portions!  Fluffy pancakes.  No kids menu but simply split plates with no fee.  A hop skip and jump from the strip.
5	Absolutely GREAT service. Its PACKED because everyone knows this is a hot spot. Locals and visitors alike. Waited about 20-30 minutes. Not bad considering theres always 2 or more parties waiting it seems. Breakfast was less than $30 for two people plus 3 drinks. Huge portions. The most expensive thing on their menu is a 1 pound meat burger and the chicken fried steak. Nothing is over $12. Avg meal is $8. Great greeter, jokes around and is super friendly. going back tomorrow before we head back home.
5	They serve the most amazing pancakes. Service was fantastic as well.
5	Excellent breakfast. Look forward to coming back next time we are in Vegas. We will definitely make this a regular stop .  The western omelette was delicious
4	I can always appreciate a great local spot where the owner cares about his patrons and Mr. Mama's is definitely one of those restaurants. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by the owner who was extremely nice and caring regarding our experience. Mike, the server who took our order, made sure we were taken care of and that our food requests were fulfilled. We opted for a to-go order of two breakfast burritos (one sausage and one bacon) and grabbed a French toast breakfast for the little one that was with us. A last minute add of avocado to the breakfast burrito made it quite remarkable. The location is about 5-10 minutes away from the strip but is worth the travel if you're looking for good food off the beaten path. More than anything, the quality service would bring me back to Mr. Mama's again.
5	Came in because of the yelp reviews trying to find a good place off the strip. I was skeptical but now I see why this place has such good reviews the food is great,  good sized meals, and excellent customer service!!!! Our waitress Melissa was so sweet and upbeat! I would definitely recommend this place who is sick of the strip prices while in Vegas and wants a good homecooked meal with great service!!
5	I think this place is delicious! The service was great and the build-your-own omelette I got for myself was amazing. Everything on the menu sounded delicious! Portion sizes were very generous and I ended up not finishing my plate while still feeling very full in the end
5	Decided to go to breakfast before the movie...found this on yelp.  We had pancakes, eggs, breakfast burritos, home fries, chicken fried steak.  Let me say that we have found a new breakfast spot.  Everyone was so friendly and the food was greeeaat!  Really enjoy it and we will return.
4	Mom, the boy and I all had the Mama Short stack with 2 pancakes, 2 bacon, and 2 eggs.  We all rated it a 4.  Very good breakfast, and the owner was walking around talking to customers, relaying the family history, which was displayed  on the walls.The service was super-great and the overall vibe of the place was wonderful.  I only wish I lived closer to Vegas to go to this place all the time.  It is good....please eat here!
5	Best breakfast off of the strip hands down. When this place says it gives you a home cookin feel, it most definitely does. The service was excellent, we got greeted by a cool friendly dude who had to handle the mass traffic. I went in there on a Monday like around 12 and it still took us 20 minutes to get sat. The locals rave about this place and it's packed so it's a good situation. Our server was real cool and attentive. I asked her what was the commotion about and she recommended the Mamas special which is the 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 turkey bacon and hash browns for $10. So I'm all in. The food takes the normal 20 minutes to make and it comes out looking all outstanding. Fluffy buttermilk pancakes with the perfect texture and sweet taste. The eggs and hash browns were seasoned and garnished with great flavor. The turkey bacon was cooked perfectly to the point before it becomes overtly crispy. I ate everything in it's entirety. Great Customer Service all around and if you're a baseball fan you can talk all day with Mr. Mama himself about your team vs his Detroit Tigers. Good food and good peoples.
5	This place is awesome !!! Amazing service from start to finish, super friendly staff and great food!!!!
1	The food at this place may well be as good as many Yelpers say, but we never got to find out. After driving 6 mi in search of a great local breakfast joint, we arrived at Mr. Mamas to find a short line out the door. We patiently waited at end of the line for the guy to take our name. Another couple arrived at the curb after us, only to be approached immediately by the balding guy with the clipboard, obviously bypassing us. It's clear that this place only wants to serve you if you're white, so if you're not, don't bother coming to this racist joint. There are plenty other restaurants who want our business.
4	Fantastic breakfast establishment.  Super friendly staff and nice assortment of entrees.  Clean and pleasant dining with low prices.  Only complaint I have would be the portions.  Breakfast burrito was great but it's toddler material.  Not all bad, wasn't placed in a food coma for the day as I was hoping for (half kidding).  Will return most definitely.
4	All I can say is order the chicken fried steak. Very good gravy.  Service is excellent here too.
5	Me. Mamas is located in a little strip mall with not many tables and with that is a wait. The greeter and the guy that seats you is funny and very personable. One thing that sticks out that he kept say was, "it's worth the wait". Well he was right, it is worth the wait. He must have said that to all that came in and as the ones the had eaten already were leaving, I heard them say to him your right it was worth the wait. I had the ribeye and scrambled eggs with home fries. The ribeye was cooked to the way I requested and the home fries were really tasty. Then I added some of the gravy on the potatoes. Let me say that gravy is phenomenal perfect on top of anything on my plate. The service was quick and wait staff very pleasant. And yes as I left I said to the greeter "it was worth the wait"Enjoy your meal.
5	This place is great! Great prices, great food! Normally going to breakfast restaurants don't cook the eggs right. Eggs were cooked perfect! The owner was here and very helpful.
5	This place is absolutely delicious and very affordable!!! My husband and I have been here twice so far. It is so worth the drive from the north west. Their food is fresh and the staff is awesome. Our drinks were always filled and the food is great!We will definitely be returning.
4	Took about 40 min to be seated. The place was packed at noon on a Sunday. Food is good. Prices are reasonable and the service is friendly. Not the nicest ambiance (bright blue walls like a movie studio) but overall enjoyed the food.
5	This place is amazing!  Vacationing in Vegas, looking for a locally owned place...Mr. Mama's won't disappoint. The French toast was perfect, our server let my son sample their unique sausage gravy with a hint of maple syrup, and burgers with fresh avocado slices. Oh, and a perfect cup of coffee with beans ground on the premises. We left happy and stuffed!
4	My dad and I went last week. I have to say that it is very reasonable with prices. The build your omelette was a great option for me. I took one star because the server had an attitude with my dad. I will defiantly will go back.
5	Fantastic breakfast!!!!Cheap and very good food and service.Kids loved it!!!We will come back!!
3	Had the biscuits and gravy and they were not the best. I have had better at other resturants so I was a bit disappointed but the service was great and everyone was friendly their.
4	I like this place my wife is on the fence. Nice wait staff and food is good what else do I need.
5	Fast, quick, exactly what you would expect from a breakfast restaurant. Passing through Las Vegas and we noticed this place had 4.5 stars.  The staff is friendly & accommodating. Thank you Yelp!
5	Hubby & I are visiting from San Diego & were looking for a breakfast spot outside of the hotel buffets... This definitely hit the spot... we ordered the Chicken Fried Steak which came with homemade gravy, potatoes, eggs, & toast. Nice sharable portions! We also got French Toast with Bacon... Everything was so fresh and delicious! Mr. Mama chatted with us... super cordial. Everyone working there is family & made us feel at home. I plan to return before we leave to try the lunch menu!
5	Dayum, that was some tasty porridge! There was a bit of a wait when we got there but Mr. Mama himself was right there encouraging everybody that the wait was worth it, and he was right. And for that matter the wait turned out to be a fraction of what he said it would be. Had the California omelette. Wasn't sure if I was going to be able to finish it because I'd had a couple of donuts at the Honda dealership. But I did!
5	A delicious breath of fresh air just off the craziness of the strip. Their breakfast is really good, and for a great price. Greek Omelette was huge and filled with lots of feta! Their French toast is thick and cinnamony! Everyone was really friendly and the service was terrific.
4	Really clean and friendly staff, the host was very personal and made everyone feel welcome as well as seating us very fast. The menu had a good selection of breakfast and lunch items on it and we ordered Spanish omelet, Short stack and grits. The food was made fast and to order and tasted amazing.The only down side is that they don't have a kids menu but everything was really spectacular.
5	Here for Roller Con..needed some amazing food and found Mr. Mama's ... soooo good. .biscuits and gravy..fat kid is happy and ready to skate !!!! And Mr. Mamma St the front door to greet you with his smile and charm..make it even better! !
5	Ordered the French toast, chicken fried steak and the biscuits and gravy. They all came out pretty quickly and in large portions. We were famished when we came in and left completely stuffed. Believe the Yelp Hype. This place ROCKS!!!
4	The food was good and the waiter was nice. I sent back my French toast and traded it out for a cinnamon roll. The chicken fried steak and cinnamon roll is the bomb.defiantly come back
5	We were looking for a good breakfast place and found Mr Mama's restaurant. We waited for a minutes and the greeter gave us a menu  to check out . Love their.cinnamon roll and the Denver omelet. My husband and my dad.enjoyed their pancakes. Also, my dad got a cinnamon bread for his 87th.bday....We will definitely come back for breakfast.
5	Almost didn't wait but waiting for a table was well worth it. Fast service and excellent food.
5	Great food, good service and affordable breakfast place.  We had to take two buses three buses to get here but it was worth it.
5	First time in vegas and my wife and I wanted to find a nice place off the strip and found the reviews for Mr mamas and decided to try it out. Food is great, service is even better and it has that quieter feeling when you just want to get away from the strip chaos. Another thing is this place reminds us of one of our favorite breakfast joints we visit in savannah georgia when visiting family called the breakfast place.
1	My girlfriend friend and I went to this place and it took about an hour to be seated and after getting a table our waitress didn't bring us a drink. Any other guy did after seeing that we were upset. To TOP it off 3 other customers sat after us and received their foods and some finished eating while ours was still being made. I order 2 pancakes and bacon and my girl ordered a California Omelet. This place might have great food food but the SERVICE SUCKS and so I just paid for the drinks and walked out. I WOULDN'T recommend this place to anyone. I wish I rate this in the NEGATIVES.
4	My family tried Mr Mamas this morning after seeing the great Yelp reviews.       I had the 2 egg breakfast with hash browns, which I thoroughly enjoyed. Absolutely perfect scrambled eggs and scrumptious hash browns. I don't know how they make their hash browns; they look like ordinary diner hash browns but there is something special about them that I can't put my finger on.  My family enjoyed their meals as well, a breakfast burrito, rib-eye and eggs, and Mama's French Toast.       Very friendly wait staff and fast service.  I can't wait till our next Vegas trip so I can try more items.
2	Ever get that one yelper stinker? this was it for me. I really wanted to like this place, like really really like it. I was sorely let down by the reviews. I dont understand what there is to rave about. I ordered biscuits and gravy and the hubby got an omlette(cant be bothered to remember it) biscuits were ok, loaded with butter- not that theres anything bad with that, but thats just it. the gravy was too thick, almost like gelatin, sausage in the gravy lacked flavor. gravy just lacked flavor, where was the hint of maple syrup the hostess kept talking about? one more thing.......seasoning people, if you can't make it taste like it has a 'hint' of maple syrup, make sure there's enough seasoning. The only thing that helped improve this meal? the 2 over easy eggs i had ordered and then promptly placed on top of my meal with pepper and salt.hubbys omlette was just meh as well.......and that frustrates me alot, because for a breakfast place to produce cripy omelletes? again lack of flavor, egg was way over cooked, it was so blah i dont even remember what all was in it much less came with it.totally affordable, but i guess i got what i paid for and definately not worth the 30 minute wait for us.We're foodies at heart and love mom and pop places but this place made me just want to take my business to an IHOP.btw the coffee sucked to!
5	Three words. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Absolutely happy with everything. Very reasonably priced, super friendly, and the food was wonderful. We couldn't ask for anything more, except a location closer to us because we want to make this restaurant a frequent stop!
5	Brought the whole family here and this place was great!  Great food and GREAT prices. Fed a family of 6 for 55 bucks.  His food is much better than a cafe at a casino an at a third I the price. The owner is amazing!  He is hands on and makes sure EVERY customer leaves happy and satisfied.  We will be back!!
5	Great spot for breakfast before heading back to LA and great service. Will surely return next time I am in Vegas.
5	Wow good call yelpers. Seriously amazing food huge portions and the service was awesome. The owner was the nicest man and talks to everyone. I got ham and cheese omelet and hash browns and my boyfriend got chicken fried steak and eggs. The gravy was soooooo good. Light fluffy pancakes too. If you are looking for great food off the strip mr mamas is your place
2	A standard diner with a depressing atmosphere. The food was perfectly acceptable. Not a good value. Simply meh.
4	One thing I have noticed about Las Vegas is that the customer service is on another level. We were in town for a basketball tourney and the team was staying down the street from this establishment and decided to stop for a bite before a long day of games. We were greeted by the owner and he was super cool and made sure he establish a relationship with everyone of his customers. The food was solid we ordered the French toast combo that came with eggs and hash brown and a few breakfast burritos. All In all a good experience!
3	This place was pretty packed for breakfast, but it seems like most breakfast places are. The food was average. French toast was the typical french toast. The omelet was good. I got a mushroom, spinach, tomato, feta cheese omelet. I enjoyed it, but its nothing special. The breakfast burrito failed! Avoid the breakfast burrito! The burrito has all the standards: sausage, potatoes, eggs, cheese, and bell peppers. The flavor of the bell peppers over powers the burrito and the sausages were bland. You cannot taste the sausage bits, and there is little sausage in the burrito to begin with. It's not worth the money.Service was friendly, but a bit slow. Mr. Mama's a nice guy, but this place is mediocre.
5	This place has the most amazing service. The wait isn't so long and even when it is it's worth the wait. Everyone is so sweet. The food is beyond amazing and it's huge portions as well. It's not expensive at all. The pancakes are so fluffy and everything here is so yum. I want to live in LV just to come here hahaha! Luuuuuuv it.
4	I work across the street and somehow missed this hidden gem. Craving breakfast I looked these guys up on Yelp and ordered my to go order. I had the Cali omelette with has brown, wheat toast and a side of bacon. It was flavorful and very filling. The omelette was on point with the fresh veggies and the hash brows were finished to a perfectly crispy brown. They were still crispy when I got to work after being in the container. I will be ordering from here again soon!
4	Da Bomb great food good service.  The host was awesome.  Never got his name but a big shot out to that guy.  He did everything he could to make everyone feel comfortable at this small cafe.  For those that get "irritated" at small cafe miscues maybe this isn't for you and that's cool, just more great food and less of a wait for me!
2	What is with the super high reviews for this place?! The food was SO mediocre and I felt disgusting afterwards. Two stars for the large portions and pretty fast service, but I couldn't even finish a quarter of my food. I split the chicken fried steak, biscuits and gravey and california omlette.  Everything was super average.  You know when you can tell if a dish is appetizing from the moment you see it? When I saw my chicken fried steak, I knew it was overfried, the quality of meat was NOT good, and the Cali omlette was simply too greasy and just overall Blah.  The biscuits and gravy was huge--and just Not good. I can't even get into the specifics about the composition of the dish and the flavors, the meal was not worth the calories and grease.  You'd think Vegas would have great bfast joints bc of the amount of hungover people in search for greasy hangover cures, but i was extremely disappointed here. The diner coffee and the country fried potatoes were the only good things about this place.
4	Really liked this place! The food was great and the servers were friendly... If you can, find your way here!
5	Our favorite breakfast in Vegas!  We have been lucky every time and got a table right away.  When we leave, there is always a waiting list.  The servers are friendly and efficient.  The food is well prepared and really good! I tried the French toast this time - it was fluffy and light. The man at the next table was raving about the pancakes.  If you like a good breakfast served with a smile, try them out!
5	I am always greeted warmly here!   The food is excellent and the service is wonderful.   My favorite dish is the mamas chicken fried steak and eggs.  My kids love the french toast.  And my wife says the coffee is very good.  We probably come here about once a week.
5	Just ate an amazing, very fulfilling meal. We were VERY hungry so ended up ordering multiple dishes and everything was good! The food wasn't too oily or greasy like most other brunch places..just wholesome goodness! Our server was pleasant and very polite. Great experience. Felt like writing this review right away!!
5	This is one of those times where it really paid off by being a yelper. This place was awesome! Food and service was the best!! Super friendly staff. Will visit next time were in Las Vegas. Oh, on top of great prices already, yelp has a deal where you pre purchase 20.00 value through the Yelp app for 15.00.  5.00 savings is always a good thing.
5	Thank you Yelp! This place has 4.5 stars for a reason. Worth the cab fare and 30 minute wait!! Staff is super friendly and food is great! Large portions and normal, non-inflated prices. I had the Cali Omelette - 4 eggs topped with cheese, sour cream, pico, and avocado slices. All super fresh and the food came out quick. If you're looking for local breakfast off the strip, this place is awesome.
5	Just finished breakfast here with friends. Omelets  were great, French toast superb. BUT the best was the pancakes. A must try. Great food a great team. Outstanding place.
5	So my son was acting up,  the nice person did was give him a snack , it help me out thanks guys. I love this place, I think I found my new place to eat breakfast.  I can't wait to try their lunch.
5	A must do while at Vegas! The staff is very friendly and the food is to die for. The Mamas french toast is extremely good and satisfying. The price is affordable which makes it a total plus.
5	Champ breakfast place! Loved their Greek omelet and white chocolate pancake. I love it that my hot tea is steaming hot! A must go!
4	The food and atmosphere was Great...you just gotta go at the right time so u dont wait too long. Thanx again Mr. Mama's Crew...we'll b back :-)
2	I ordered the steak and eggs. My wife ordered the pancakes and sausage and eggs.We tried to order soft and hard boiled, respectively, to be told "we dont boil eggs here"... um what? ok whatever, poached soft and poached hard, then.All the eggs came at an in between, not really hard, not really soft state. I didnt complain but my wife did, and in response the waitress brought a COLD hard boiled egg. When we told her we wanted hot eggs she went and 'warmed' that same precooked egg, which was grey in the center. When we commented on microwaving eggs, she said "we didnt microwave it, we boiled it". WHAT? I thought you "didnt boil" eggs? Then when the bill came she had charged us for that egg!I ordered my steak rare, it came out medium. When I commented on it, the waitress brought a replacement, that was rare, but it was very mediocre, and it was NOT a ribeye as was stated on the menu.My wife ordered orange juice, and what they brought was orange, but it wasnt juice. She said it tasted like SunnyD.Overall, we were tragically disappointed, considering the rave reviews this place had received.
5	On our way out of town and hungry, Yelpers directed us to Mr. Mama's. The place was full and a pile of people showed up after us. Everyone was pleasant, they were fast but didn't rush us. The food was absolutely delicious! Service was excellent and friendly. There were 3 of us and we each had something different although all had omelets. Excellent food, one of the best omelets I have ever had (spinach, mushroom and jack cheese). Well definitely be back!
3	C'mon yelpers! 4.5 stars?? I drove so far to try this place due to the awesome yelp ratings they received and was thoroughly disappointed.  I think the reason for the high ratings was the cheap prices. You do get what you pay for. If you want cheap big portions, and not too concerned about quality, then I guess you'll be happy. Anyway, let me start off by saying the people who work here were very nice and I have nothing negative to say about that.  The food is just average, greasy, diner food.  I ordered the breakfast burrito w/bacon. It had American cheese, bell peppers and onions, hash browns, and eggs. Was $6.75. The flavor was not bad but it was quite oily and not worth the calories! I also tried the breakfast sandwich. Got it on an English muffin with eggs, ham and American cheese. Came with side of potatoes and we chose the breakfast fries. This was also $6.75.  This also wasn't bad but there was sooo much butter on the bread. But it made the flavor good if you don't mind all the grease! The potatoes were bland, a little dry and not much to them. They came in a half round shape.  The ambience inside was well.. Not much of an ambience. It's in an industrial area so the restaurant was just an industrial type open room with the kitchen in the same space. Sunday at 11am there was a wait. If you're in the area and wanna try basic inexpensive  food, come try it. But I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
4	This place has pretty good food.  I mostly have eaten the breakfast food.  Breakfast burrito is pretty good.  Pancakes eggs...toast.  All good.  Service is a little inconstant.  Don't go here if you are in a hurry.  Sometimes it's fast, but other times it takes forever to eat there.  Still I recommend the place.
4	Wife and I were looking for a local place to have breakfast and found Mr Mama's.  Had to wait about 10-15 min, no big deal. Talked with the owner while we waited. Very personable guy. Got seated, ordered chicken fried steak breakfast and Cali omelette. Waitress was very friendly. Food came out quickly, HOT, and as we ordered. Just like mom used to make, awesome! Would definitely recommend if you like home cooked style grub. YUM!
5	Best small place to eat in Vegas....everything my family of five ordered was great....pancakes...French toast...hashbrowns..
5	Soooo good. Service and food fantastic. As soon as we walked in we were acknowledged and seated right away. Hash browns definitely a must..I had steak and eggs my boyfriend had chicken fried steak.  Both awesome.  Next time I'm getting the pancakes :)
5	Amazing place. Just had lunch there. Burger was amazing. Wait was a little long, but that was because it was so packed. Waiter was very polite and fast paced. Was a casual mom and pop spot but definitely wasn't lacking anything. Clam chowder was amazing. Great place for breakfast and lunch since it closes fairly early. Would definitely recommend.
4	Very good food,  friendly staff.  Location was unexpected but was sure glad I found it!
5	Great little place. whole in the wall style. The waitress staff is very friendly and the food is good quality and good prices.thanks to yelp nation for getting the word out about this place. living in Henderson you sometimes don't get info on great places like this one.
5	This place is off the chain! Food, service, atmosphere and speed of service are all top-notch. Kathy (our server) and Shawn (our greeter) showed great personalities and kept us smiling... in fact, everyone in the place was smiling. I'm adding Mr. Mama's to my list of regular Vegas stops!
5	If there was a Mr. Mama in my family I would not hesitate to be at their house during mealtime. That is of course assuming the food was anywhere close to that offered at this restaurant. Located in Las Vegas off The Strip but in a small strip mall and w/in two miles of a strip club (it's Las Vegas after all, so most likely) Mr. Mama's stands as a testament to delicious food served up in nothing more than a hole in the wall establishment. They are serve breakfast and lunch and are only open until early afternoon (about 3). It's not a very big place and the wait for a table can be a little long.We visited on a Sunday afternoon (around 1ish) on our way home. There were already several parties waiting ahead of it. We walked up to the guy working there to put down our name on the waiting list and he was super friendly and offered us all menus to look over while we waited. This was good since when we were finally seated we had already made up our mind what we wanted. My wife ordered the Cali Omelette, my friend got the Mama's Burger, and I ordered the Mama's sandwich (turkey, bacon, onions, avocado on an onion bun) w/ a side of hashbrowns. As we waited for our food, my eyes drifted over across the room to their tv that had the current NASCAR race on. I halfway expected them to have a copy of "Mr. Mom" in the DVD player.The food came not too long afterwards and was extremely hot. The hashbrowns had a decent amount of flavor and were nice and crispy just how I like them. Dat Mama's sandwich tho- turkey was delicious and there was plenty of avocado inside. The onion taste overall was not overpowering and everything tasted fresh and plate presentation was awesome. My only gripe was that I noticed every plate on our table had some sort of small chip in it and a spot or two on the wall next to us also appeared to have some minor paint chippage, but honestly this did not affect food or service and should be an easy fix.I really liked this place a lot and the friendly service and wonderful food certainly warrant another visit on a return trip to/from Vegas. Thanks again to Yelp as we would not have found out about in our own. Definitely a diamond in the rough that is the outskirts of Vegas.
4	A cute little place located in the industrial area off the strip.  If you've lost all your dollars the night before just know that you can still afford a yummy breakfast at this place. The wait can be long sometimes but the staff is super friendly and does everything it can to make it smooth. The food is honestly average but has a nice home cooked taste. The portions are generous and you won't leave hungry. We tried an big Greek omelet and their eggs and bacon breakfast. The omelet was giant and cooked well. The bacon was thick,  smokey,  and crispy. Only thing I wasn't a huge fan of was the home fries. They were large chips and not crispy at all.
3	Good spot for some yummy and inexpensive breakfast. Very welcoming and friendly! The food was decent down home breakfast goodness.. the wait was a little long, but considering we were a table of 6, I would stop by here again to give it another whirl.
2	Mr Mama's signage made it look like a tile store from the outside.  The restaurant was crowded and seemed to be doing well.  The service was good and friendly.I did not like the food here.  I got the chicken fried steak, I did not like the gravy, the fried steak was ok, but not great.   The home fries were soggy and bland.  The eggs were cooked correctly which was fine.   I also got clam chowder which was over seasoned.  My meal was not worth finishing.Overall the food all seemed to be prepared correctly, but the recipes that were used were just bad.  I will likely not come here again.
2	The food wasn't that great. I ordered a Western Omelet, and it arrived undercooked. Another moment in the pan probably would've resulted in less-runny eggs. I chose the hash browns over the potatoes after asking and taking the waitress'  advice, and those weren't very good either. The staff was polite and courteous, and split the check up for our party without a hassle. The restaurant was somewhat busy (noonish), and the service took a little too long to progress beyond the ordering stage. The food came quickly, but again, could have stood a little more preparation time. The rest of my party (mostly breakfast and 1 burger) agreed that their food wasn't very good.
5	I was in Vegas for a few days for some R&R with my wife.  We stayed at the Strip but wanted to get away to eat everyday.  I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to give them a try.  Spot on!  It is exactly what the reviews say: a cute hole-in-the-wall place on a strip mall just a mile or so away from the strip.I wasn't sure what to order, I like to look at other people's plates when I arrive at a restaurant and kept asking the server to tell me what they were. I'm a huge fan of biscuits and gravy so that's my go-to breakfast when in doubt. The French Toast on the table next to us looked delicious and I was leaning that direction.  Then, I saw it, the Country Fried Steak... holy schmoly, mother of all cholesterol... I couldn't take my eyes off it, it was staring at me from the table next door... and if I kept really quiet I could hear it calling my name.  So I canceled the French Toast and went with the Country Fried Steak.  The wait seemed like an eternity but my wife assures me it was less than 10 minutes; and then, it arrived.A huge breaded, fried piece of meat, laying next to a plateful of hash browns, three eggs on top of the potatoes, and gravy all over the steak.  I didn't know whether to smile or cry, I was so happy.  So after taking a picture I began the careful operation of breaking the egg yolks so they could infiltrate the hash browns.  This must be done carefully so that there is enough egg yolk to go around.  Trust me, with three eggs, there was plenty of egg yolk to turn the carefully-cooked hash browns into a golden, delicious pile of oh-my-gosh!  Each bite was celestial and I found myself quietly moaning inside my mouth as I enjoyed this wonderful breakfast.I ordered a biscuit and gravy on the side, just because it's not breakfast without biscuits and gravy.  The biscuit is not really a biscuit but a roll under disguise.  My recommendation, skip it.  My wife had the big breakfast with eggs, meats, biscuit and pancakes; she could only finish about half of it.  She loved it also.The servers were very friendly, the owner is a hoot.  He has a really groovy, deep, radio voice that fits his former wrestler frame just right.  The place can fill up fast, when we arrived there was no wait (10:30 am) but it quickly filled up and we saw people waiting for a good 15-20 minutes for a table so be prepared for either scenario.
5	So the first time I went was well over 2 months ago and I went by myself the first time. This time I came to eat with my sister and a friend and not even upon opening the door were we receiving EXCELLENT service right away. We didn't even open the door, the owner was the one that opened it for us. Definitely he started taking care of us right away letting us know it'll be a few minutes before being seated and gave us menus to look over. The place is clean and always well kept. The staff is definitely a reflection of the owner as the staff are extremely polite and always on top of it. This time I had a burger which was seasoned very nicely. For a "mom and pop" brunch diner joint it was a very big and delicious burger cooked to order. Your buck also goes a very long way at this place where as the portion sizes are huge. I also think they make their own ranch sauce which was also very very impressive. My friend and sister ordered their famous Mamas country steak and eggs. And it definitely did not disappoint.  The country gravy sauce on top really brings the meal together and yes the has browns are also seasoned and taste to perfectionWe also ordered a small cup of chili which was more a bowl size order to me. Just the right consistency on the chili, not watery and not salty. I like my chili chunky and it was just right and enough that all three of us were able to try it. There was so much we had to bring home. The place is always packed and the customers keep coming back I'm sure not just for the food but also for the amazing customer service received upon entering the establishment. Half of the dinning experience I always say is service and Mr. Mamas really has it all to a T! Again I give it to the owner who makes his way to each table to ask how they are doing and it makes the whole dining experience more personable. I love coming here and I cannot wait for their larger establishment to open and for them to move and get the bigger space they well deserve!!
5	This is the best place for breakfast in all of Las Vegas.  Went to the establishment with my BF last week.  The portions were very generous.  The food tasted great.  Service was excellent.  Perfect way to start the day.
5	Best breakfast I've had in a long time. I don't like country gravy usually but people said to try it....WOW.Nick the owner is awesomely nice and Claudia the server is great. A must visit in Vegas.
4	I have the hot cakes eggs and ham it was pretty good our waiter was friendly but my wife did not like the hash browns she said it taste like there was oregano in it
4	I have the hot cakes eggs and ham it was pretty good our waiter was friendly but my wife did not like the hash browns she said it taste like there was oregano in it
2	A yelp disappointment!  This place was no more special than your local Denny's.  Definitely not worth the 45 minute wait.  Save your time and eat elsewhere less crowded.
5	Great place off the strip. Yelp it. You wont regret it. Large portions. Wait is about 20 min. for large groups less for 2.
5	My favorite breakfast place! With great staff and amazing food you can't go wrong! Make sure to save room for a cinnamon roll!
5	Best breakfast is vegas. Close to the strip. Very friendly staff. The owner was walking around and stopped to talk to us, that dude cares, and it's nice to know. So get wasted, and head to Mr mama's in the am.
5	Finally tried this place. We saw a line forming and whenever I see a line, it must mean their food is excellent. We waited about 45 minutes for a table. I ordered the Cali omelette with hash browns and French Toast. Both were so good and cooked perfectly! The restaurant is small, they have 14 tables so there will be a wait. The employees are nice and they seemed to be working as fast as they could. Our breakfast was a steal. It's not as high as the other breakfast places we usually frequent. Just wish there wasn't a wait because I get impatient in lines when I'm hangry!
5	I don't know what I can say that hasn't been said for this place a thousand times on here already. I went there yesterday because of the reviews on here. They were right this place is fantastic its an odd location but who cares the food was great!
4	Very good breakfast place.  Great service (although it was a bit slow to get our food once we ordered, but they were pretty busy). Friendly staff.  Location is a bit "blink and you'll miss it."  Overall a good experience.
4	The staff is super attentive and totally ok with any variations we needed. The food was great. Since we've been in vegas for 10 days...it's nice to have someone cook the way you are used to. I'd encourage visitors to check them out.
5	This my all time default for a good meal and great service. A family ran place and everybody's greeted when you come through the door. A must try when your in town.
1	Terrible! Worst service I've ever had at an establishment. We will start with the good.Food was fastHash browns were some of the best I ever hadOkay now that's done, the bad......The chicken fried steak wasn't seasoned and there was so much breading on it that the out side was crunchy and the inside was mush. I asked three people where my husband and my toast where and it didn't come till I was already done with my meal. My husband never even got his toast. Four different people came to our table not once did anyone ask "how is everything? Is there anything I can get for you?" All the waitresses were huddled around the soda machine talking....one flaying her arms around and one bobin' her head like she was sha nay-nay. All of them asked if we wanted refills we said yes every time but no one ever brought us any. What made it worst is when I'm assuming the owner came and asked how was everything I couldn't say anything I took a long pause and all I could say was I just got my toast and I'm done with my meal. He says oh I'm sorry the toast was late. No guy my toast just came as you walked up. All I got was a "sorry" No I won't be back and I won't ever mention that anyone should go...P.s. I did hear him say they were moving down the way to a larger place so I guess that's nice if you like this place.
5	This has become our go to breakfast place. Fantastic food and service.  We had their double chocolate chip pancakes.  Yum!
5	My fellow Yelpers, thank you for writing your reviews. Your reviews led me here. Yum! I wanted to go someplace away from the casinos, a place not so commercialized and not a buffet. This was just the spot. The food was so good. The service was friendly. I ordered a half side of biscuits & gravy and the California omelette. It was big enough to split with my partner. We both enjoyed our meals. If you come to Vegas, give this place a try. Yummmmm.
5	Mr mamas is by far my favorite breakfast place to eat, hands down. The best sausage gravy this side of anywhere.  I highly recommend eating at Mr. Mamas. You will not be disappointed.   The service is quick,  courtesy,  and precise.
4	It was decent. I had the breakfast burrito & out was good. It wasn't the best breakfast I had while visiting Vegas, but it was worth driving off the strip for....affordable & tasty.
5	We have been coming to this place for over a year now and we are never disappointed. They do have a long wait time during certain times, but well worth it! We have tried their steaks and eggs, French toast, biscuit and gravy...All delicious!The service is also very good, all are very friendly!
5	We found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed. There was a short wait, but the restaurant does an excellent job of getting customers in and out quickly. The service was friendly and fast. We really enjoyed the food; excellent value!
5	We were in the area looking for a branch place and found this restaurant close by. Went in and found this to be very popular. Very cozy atmosphere. When the food was served, we were pleasantly surprised cuz it was big plate full of food. I had my best pancake experience here. Love this place and will visit next time I am in Vegas. And yes, it is child friendly too.
5	Mr. Mama's is a great breakfast restaurant. So what makes it great?- The Food. Portions are large (an omelette comes with a side of hash browns and they are super super tasty). It's one of those large ovular shaped plates that will last you two breakfasts. You MUST try the BISCUIT!!- The value you get based off the large portions is awesome.- The service. We got to meet what seemed to be the owner there and he gave us all a hearty hello along with how we liked everything and even held the door for us as we left. The other servers were so diligent in making sure we had everything we need.So quick tidbit: Mr. Mama's it not named that because of a relationship to a mom (even though it may seem to be that way). Rather, it has origins of Greek descent and the owner is so happy to share it with everyone. It's well worth a try if you are able to make it off the strip.
5	I'm a person when I'm LV usually we opt to going to breakfast or brunch buffet this time me and my buddy decided to try a local restaurant for breakfast instead and of course yelp for the rescue on choices... after reading about few we decided to try Mr. MamaI was impressed from the moment we stepped in and we were greeted by the owner and he told us the approx. wait time and he was very honest up front about it and we decided to wait anyway after all it is morning rush that is admirable to make sure your patrons are happy and well informed of their wait time unlike other restaurant where they say oh 20 min and 40 min later your still waiting with no ETA ...The food was amazing great portions and delicious me and my friend decided that this will be one of our definite stop for breakfast every time we are in LV great food great services and very friendly owner who took few minutes of his time while managing everyone and taking down the names of the folks for the waiting list to chat with us and explain his family heritage in restaurantsBottom line highly recommended and well worth the waiting time
5	My bros and I stopped by here during our vacation in June and it was the best breakfast we ate in town(better than on the strip)!! The managers were really down to earth and stopped to have a nice convo with some of us cool guys from the Chi. Must see spot!
1	How has this place gotten such good reviews? Everything about it is mediocre at best. Atmosphere and decor is frightening, and for the kind of food you get, it's terribly over priced. 2.50$ for a TINY cup of shitty coffe?(it should be no more than a buck), the gravy that came w the "biscuits and gravy" tasted like it was a premade- packaged gravy mix (not home made) the home fries were overwhelmed w oregano. French toast was good but not special. I don't know- I just hate going out to eat at a place that makes me feel like I can make better food at a cheaper price.
5	First time to Mr. Mama's. It will not be our last. I tried multiple things today. I had chilli, biscuit and gravy, a Denver omelet. All of it was good. It's off the beaten path in a strip mall but don't let that deter you from going.
5	One of the best breakfast places we have found so far.  Chicken fried steak is awesome and the portion of food is HUGE so easy to share.
5	Great Gravy and Fun Staff. Worth braving the heat and leaving the casino. It's better than home made
5	Fantastic biscuits and gravy!!!! My husband and I were traveling cross-country from NY to CA and trying biscuits and gravy everywhere we stopped. We were shocked to find that the absolute best biscuits and gravy in the country are in Vegas!! Seriously. Bacon, sausage and a hint of maple. Sounds crazy, but it doesn't taste sweet. It's pure genius. The coffee was not bad either, and the customer service was wonderful.
5	A breakfast joint located in middle of nowhere, in an industrial complex neighborhing gun stores, motorparts, autoparts, and other man toys.  There isn't much ambience, but the food is delicious, especially the pancake, they were so buttery!  We ordered the Mama pancake combo and it was good size portions with fresh home fries and eggs.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	A good selection of breakfast items and as I'm told by my wife the beat Greek Omelet in Vegas. Relatively small but the wait if any usually goes fast, not located in the most convenient of places but still worth a trip for something different that won't disappoint. With the owner actively walking the floor greeting the patrons and checking on their needs it reminiscent of time when that sort of behavior was the norm opposed to the exception as it is today. Good service and decent food makes Mr. Mama's an obvious choice for those in the area.
3	It was ok. Sausage Gravy from biscuits and gravy looked and tasted like raw pork. Potatoes were good and not tough to fry a couple eggs. My wife's pancakes were very good.   Probably won't go back.
5	Great place for breakfast.  I especially like their French Toast...very fluffy and not too sweet.  Their ham is the better quality meat.  Each meal is very large portion.  Friendly staff.
4	We wanted to give this place a try. It has pretty good reviews and figured it would be nice to try a new breakfast place. Firstly, the staff is extremely friendly and are super efficient. I love that they use a iPod ordering system, but thats cause I love technology. Secondly, the food was good, it was not the best breakfast I have had in Vegas, but it was very good. The breakfasts meats are large, unlike some area places. The pancakes have a great flavor. My son had the chocolate chip pancakes and said they were delicious. The decor in this place could use a little work but for a nice little dive breakfast place Mr. Mama's gets it done. Definitely worth a visit or two. Also want to mention the pricing is a little better than some breakfast places, but they do not have a kids menu. That alone is the reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars.
5	This place is yummy, with very good service. Everything we had was good , the cinnamon rolls are YUMMMY!!!! The biscuits and gravy are a different mix if sausage, bacon and maple syrup in the gravy different but still very good, my husband had the breakfast burrito he said it was pretty tasty with lots if meat, eggs and cheese not stuffed fill of potatoes. Overall this place is great. Go early because when we were leaving there was a line out the door.
4	Great food, I had chicken fried steak and eggs the sausage gravy was great not spicy, more food then you can eat.  My husband  has the short stack pancakes with eggs and sausage. Great !  The service was Super.  Multiple people assisted, coffee cups never empty.  if you go to Vegas, skip the hotel restaurants for Breakfast.  go to Mr. Mama's.
2	BreakfastSmall place, about a mile off the strip.  He mentioned that they are looking for a new spot though.  His turnover rate on the tables was incredibly fast, so a wait of 15 minutes is pretty typical.  The food is your basic fare, nothing that stands out.  However, our waitress did an up sell, without telling us that that there was an additional cost.  Now, 50 cents isn't going to break the bank, but they really should tell the customer.
5	Flavorful,  like-home-cooked food; genuinely friendly service; reasonably priced. Win win win! Eggs cooked perfectly,  potatoes were crunchy,  French Toast moist and cinnamony, Greek omelet had tons of feta. 5-star breakfast worth the weekend wait.
5	After first stopping at Denny's we were turned away from all the smoke from smokers, I clicked on yelp and found this hidden gem. They serve breakfast all day even at 11:00 when we got here. Space is nice and cozy. Waited twenty minutes but guess what NO SMOKING!  That was worth four stars, Started with a cinnamon roll which my wife and I shared, I had to fight to get some from her.The food was fabulous and the guy in the kitchen was funny with his jokes and quick wit while putting up plates. I will be back.
5	Excellent homemade food prepared with love!  The staff is welcoming and friendly. The portions are generous to say the least, and the prices are EXTREMELY reasonable!  If you want a bite of heaven, order the cinnamon roll as an appetizer and share it at table, YUM.  We will definitely be back. Another bonus for us; no smoking allowed!
5	The Bay Area must represent!!  My boyfriend and I visited this place last week while hanging out in Vegas and I'm giving it 5 stars because not only was the food on point the service was as well. The owner was amazing and we enjoyed the breakfast.  Thank all of you for making us feel welcome and serving us a great breakfast.  P.S.  We enjoyed Rolling Smoke too. :)
3	Bottomless CoffeeButtermilk BiscuitJumbo Cinnamon RollDouble Chocolate Chip Pancakes with Two Eggs and Bottomless Coffee (Daily Special)Single Serving of French ToastOne of the longest standing members on my breakfast 'to-do' list and a place to which I'd purchased a $20 discounted gift-certificate some six months prior it was finally on Saturday that I drove down to Mr. Mama's and although the small breakfast and lunch spot is unlikely to win any awards for innovation it can only be said that this truly is a place committed to putting a smile on each patron's face.  Undoubtedly a locals institution in which nearly every other customer was a regular with orders frequently anticipated by staff it was just past 7:15 that I was invited to seat myself and with no less than three servers offering to get me coffee as I perused the menu it became immediately apparent as to why the restaurant was filled to capacity by eight o'clock.  Focused mostly on diner staples with a whiteboard of specials just left of entry while prices trend far lower than almost anywhere else in the 702 my meal began with Mr. Mama's oft-raved $3.50 cinnamon roll and with a soft, yeasty base rife with cinnamon and butter beneath sweet frosting the hype proved justified, a smallish biscuit proving less worthy its $2.75 tab, though still quite good.  Preceding next to plates more hearty it was with a thin slice of French Toast that my meal moved on and opting this time to bring my own maple syrup from home the result was improved, though still nothing to write home about, particularly when compared to fluffy flapjacks studded with dark and white chocolate, a daily special matched with two eggs and at least six cups of coffee for less than $9.Likely generating its fan base more through low prices and friendly service rather than by location or particularly excellent food I cannot say I'll be rushing back to Mr. Mama's soon, but for locals on a budget or those with little one's looking for a good breakfast at a great price the restaurant definitely fills a niche - the open-kitchen of blazing-fast line cooks and televisions tuned to college football providing a bit of entertainment for those interested in such things, as well.
5	We went on a Sunday more around brunch time and there was about a 20min wait. I ordered a cinnamon bun, and pancake platter. All of it was delicious, great fluffy pancakes. My husband got the steak and eggs, his only complaint was that the steak was a bit too fatty. I really liked the sourdough bread they use for toast. My son are so much of his food it looked like a competitive eater competition. My only regret is that I didn't order the Cali Omelet. Holy cow. I saw several of those being served to people and it looks incredible!!! Next time.
5	The owner made it for us! Good food friendly service, off the strip prices! Thanks nick, we'll be back for sure.
5	I Absolutely love Mr Mama's! They have amazing food i have never had anything bad with this place. The staff is great and friendly, I usually order and pick up my food, but  last weekend i brought my family there and it was a 30 minute wait which sucked but it was so worth the wait! Definitely my favorite Breakfast spot in Vegas!
5	Without question, the best dinner food in Las Vegas. The service is amazing too!
5	Wow! I honestly did not expect the food to be so good! But it was so good we had to come back the next day!It was worth the short ride away from the strip and the modest 30 minute wait both Saturday and Sunday. As soon as we walked in it felt like we were visiting friends. The staff was courteous and friendly. We were given menus to peruse while we waited and noticed people waiting had coffee in their hands. Nice touch!After being seated in the small dining room (side bar: why are the best places always so tiny?) we knew what we wanted so that sped up the process. Our home-cooked style meals arrived and we were blown away. On the first day I had the egg sandwich with cheese and avocado on Texas Toast and hash browns. Upon our return the next day I had a cheese omelette with home fries and hot chocolate. I loved both meals equally!This is the place to go to if you want a no fuss, home-cooked style meal. Don't come here expecting something fancy or gourmet.
4	This place has your basic breakfast food but done well.  Very welcoming place with big blue walls.  The waitress was nice and didn't rush us, and the prices are reasonable.I had some pancakes and hashbrowns and my friend had some french toast and hashbrowns.  We both agreed the hashbrowns were done perfectly.  The pancakes were good too.  I'd like to come back and try and omelet and a cinnamon roll.
5	5 stars for hitting all five imperative points when it comes to breakfast (in no particular order):1- Cleanliness : simple decor, clean restaurant (tables & utensils, etc.) and put together staff/uniforms.2- Friendliness : greetings when we walked in, conversation about my broken leg & knee scooter, history of restaurant, 2 Check-Ins on the food & thorough good bye's!3 - Price : $6.75 for my Egg sandwich w/ Hashbrowns AND a drink - PERFECT! 4- Taste : DELICIOUS. ..Egg Sandwich (over hard) w/ American cheese & bacon on Marbled Rye and side of perfectly cooked Hashbrowns in which they add Sage(?) Which gives it a unique , almost Mashed Potatoes taste...REALLY GOOD! 5 - Speed : Though we went during their self proclaimed , 'down time' - so not sure how accurate this is for others. However, we were seated immediately & got our food within 5-10 minutes! Bonus - The water, though served in the OLDEST SCHOOL cup, was SO crisp & De-lish! Altogether-YUM! MUST TRY!
5	I've never given a five star review  but today is the day.....we came in for breakfast on a Friday morning after reading some yelp reviews.....we were greeted right away and asked to sit at the first table inside the door "the best table"....haha...it was great service to start off and only got better....We order the chicken fried steak combo and pancakes and eggs...gravy was really good....it was delicious....everything can out quickly and hot.....pancakes were really good, fluffy and nice texture, no rubber nasty microwaved pancakes here.....Shawn and Julie took care of us but the owner was walking around talking to everyone who came in and left.....will be back on next trip..... =)
5	Everytime I come to Vegas I will go here for breakfast. It was that DELICIOUS. Their GREEK OMELETTE was one of the best omelettes I've ever had. And the same can be said about their FRENCH TOAST, which was also fantastic.INEXPENSIVE, DELICIOUS, and FREINDLY customer service!I was greeted with a smile and friendly conversation at the door, after calling ahead by phone and speaking with two other very friendly employees.This place is an absolute MUST GO for breakfast in Vegas!
5	Best breakfast place in Vegas for that darn hangover. The food is inexpensive, delicious, our order came in super quick, and the staff was so friendly! We weren't sure if venturing off the strip was a good idea, but it was so worth it. Great find!
5	Great small location. Weather you on a budget or just looking for some good food this is your spot in vegas. Must come in early to avoid the long lines though. Worth the wait
5	My bf took me here for my birthday and it did not disappoint. Hands down the best scrambled eggs I've had at a restaurant! I know it's such a simple food dish but it's exactly how scrambled eggs should be. Not to mention the hashbrowns was cooked to perfection! The sausage gravy was not my favorite but the chicken fried steak itself was amazing! The service was fast and friendly but the food definitely won me over! We'll be coming back for sure! Thanks for getting my birthday started on a great note!
4	Ordered the Breakfast Burrito w/salsa, Mr. Mama's did not disappoint. Very good breakfast option while in Vegas!
4	The food is great but the owner/manager needs to get out of the way so the servers can do their job.
5	My family and I went to Mr Mama's for breakfast our first morning in town. My fiance and I had the Cali Omelet which was delicious. Not sure what my folks had but they enjoyed their meal. The service was excellent and the manager(owner?)came out to meet and greet with the patrons. I love it when a restaurant has employees that care about your business. I highly recommend Mr Mamas's for breakfast when in Vegas. We will go back!
5	I've been here several times I've always got great service. Food is freash. Everyone makes you feel like family as soon as u walk in the door. This is the to go to spot for a a nice freash meal great service and at home feeling.
5	There's a reason this place is rated what it is. Extremely fair prices. Huge portions. DELICIOUS pancakes and omelettes. Wife and I had a bill of $22.70, we've had to leave tips larger than that on the strip for service that doesn't touch Mr. Mamas' staff. Bald dude that greets you at the door may be the owner; he is genuinely nice and conversational. Waitresses were happy and helpful and got me a free pancake cause we didn't need two plates of toast.. Hell yes! I can't wait to come back.
5	Off the strip but well worth the drive. The pancakes are phenomenal. I am not a pancake person but I could make these pancakes a habit- fluffy and light. Biscuits and gravy also very yummy. Hubby had the breakfast burrito and liked it.Great service and cheap
3	We were in vegas for the weekend and wanted to try the local scene. We saw all the reviews and decided to come here. The service was great and the restaurant was clean. To be honest the food wasn't as good as the reviews had said. The gravy was bland and needed seasoning and the steak was okay. Our eggs came out cold. Biscuits were good but the pototoes needed some help. They were oily and slightly over done. The price was fair but not sure if I would come back or recommend.
5	Excellent food, quick service as well. We went with an order of French toast as well as biscuits and gravy. Definitely at the top for restaurant B&G. Will be back!
5	great food visit everytime im in Vegas one of the greatest breakfast places in town and is super super delicious 6 stars
5	World's best pancakes. The service was excellent and the food was 5 star. I was happily surprised when we got the bill $38.00 for 4 people.
5	Excellent.  Only about 4 miles off the strip.   I came for breakfast.  I waited about 10 minutes for a table. Worth it totally!  My $12 breakfast had a custom 4-egg omelet (ham, mushroom, spinach and jalapenos) with hash browns and coffee.  I am stuffed.  And will eat a lite lunch.  The atmosphere is casual and everyone is very friendly.  So as Ah-nold once said "I'll be back."
5	Absolutely great! Very friendly service even though the place was jamming, food was great, order was accurate, wait wasn't a big deal at all. Kids loved the house made cinnamon roll, I had several veggie options to consider, and the prices were great! I spoke to the owner and they are moving shop down the road (west of Decatur I think?) later this year. If in Vegas and you want an affordable local type joint go HERE!!
4	Had the Cali omelette since I'm from Los Angeles... It was great.  My recommendation is to have seating outside and serve coffee to waiting clients.  Keep them happy! Great food... Awesome value
3	Not bad, just not great! It's solid if you looking for a cheap meal however there are some sanitary issues. Let's just say my cutlery was as clean as it could have bee and the same goes for the table. Once all that was resolved it was okay. The potatoes were definitely the highlight of the meal.
4	One hour wait, 45 mins later we finished eating and left. The cafeteria decor with good employees delivered great food at our request.  We ordered the Cali omelet which was cooked to perfection.  We also ordered the Chicken fried steak which tasted a  little like  cake batter,  but good thick gravy. The biscuit was small and dry so I couldn't tell if it was great because it was covered with gravy.The french toast was dense and ordinary.  The pancake was the BEST item served: so delicious.  It was very light, fluffy, and yummy.Was it worth waiting for in a sterile decor with a young crowd, not really!!! It's not an energetic and happy place to enjoy breakfast. I
4	Ordered the Cali omelette but changed the side to the most amazing biscuits and gravy ever.  Oatmeal was so so,  but the coffee was  good.  Even their toast is good.  Loved the vibe, everyone working there seemed to be having a good time.  Their biscuits & gravy are amazing and I never really was a fan of it before.
3	I really want to like this place. The constant line out the door tells me I SHOULD like this place...I was finally able to get a table here this weekend with no wait; I know that's a rare thing here. We usually do a little drive by on Sunday mornings and opt for another breakfast location when we see the horde of people standing around the door. But this Sunday was our lucky day!The staff was super super friendly upon our arrival. The "Make yourself comfortable" line got me too. It's a very customer driven way to say "Have a seat." Nice touch, guys.I wasn't impressed with the menu. It was incredibly ordinary. It was pretty much your standard diner/American fare menu. No playful item names or interesting combinations. I was at least hoping for an original take on an breakfast tradition (I love that!). I opted for an egg white veggie omelet and my partner went with the breakfast burrito. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time and white nice and pipping hot! However, I really can't say that there was anything memorable about it. It was a standard egg white omelet with a side of toast and fruit. I did appreciate that the waitress told me the fruit was out of a can. Many places wouldn't be so forthright with this information. The breakfast burrito wasn't great either. It was a little on the greasy side and a tad undercooked on the hash browns inside. The food was done well, but again, just very standard.What I took away from this place was the stellar service. Julie, our waitress, was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. She told us they all read the Yelp reviews and do everything they can to improve on their business with the customer feedback. Multiple members of the waitstaff came to check on us and refill our coffee - all with a smile. Like I said at the beginning of my review, I really want to like this place, but there was just nothing memorable about the food. If you are craving a simple home cooked meal with stellar service, this is your place. But if you are looking to experience something new, you might want to look elsewhere.
5	This place was bomb!!! From the moment we stepped out of the cab we were greeted by the owner to the wait staff. Everyone was super friendly and the place was packed. We did have about a 20 minute wait and it was on a Monday morning, I can taste why!! The pancakes were fluffy and I'm sooo not a pancake person but a sucker for white chocolate so it was a must try, best decision I made all day!! It was like eating a cloud!! Our table pretty much ordered the whole breakfast menu and not one thing was bad. I also did order the cinnamon roll and it too was amazingly fluffy. You must go and try!!! Order the iced coffee too!!
5	This little breakfast/lunch spot is in an industrial area. You'll miss it if you aren't specifically looking for it, but not many people miss it because on Sunday morning it was packed!Ambiance is diner-style/small cafe, small place with not a lot of seating. Be prepared to wait if you come when it is busy. BUT - wait you shall, because they are serving up yummy, stick-to-your-ribs breakfasts that hit the spot!I opted for the Cali omelet which came with Cheddar Jack Cheese, Sausage, Pico de Gallo, Salsa, Sour Cream, and Topped with Avocado. The omelet was well mixed, I got a bit of everything in every bite. Pico and sour cream are a nice addition, but too much SC and the omelet gets a little funky, so when I go back I will ask for it on the side. This dish also comes with your choice of home fries or hasbrowns. I got the home fries which came out as thickly sliced discs of potatoes, very good, and it comes with your choice of bread (two slices). I washed it all down with some delicious coffee. Not sure what type they brew here but it has a very good, flavorful, almost sweet taste which I really enjoyed.Service was on point. Check out their specials when you arrive, they are on a white board by the front entrance. Overall, this is a spot worth checking out, especially if you are a lover of breakfast.
5	Found this place by YELP -- excellent breakfast and best biscuits & gravy in town!!  Loved it - will come every time I'm in Vegas!!
5	Came here for breakfast after landing at the airport. We were greater by the most friendly host I had ever seen. As we sat down he asked where we were from and we he heard we were from the SF Bay Area, he immediately made us feel at home. He then found out it was my daughters 21st BD and sent over a housemade cinnamon roll! Portions are good size and service is beyond awesome!! Just a tip...if your order the biscuits and gravy then you need to know that their gravy is a little different BUT still very good. Taste it first before you order...they encourage tasting because they want you to leave happy....can't beat that!!
5	Great place! Had the California omelet and it was amazing. The girlfriend had French toast which was delicious as well. Next time we are in Vegas we will definitely be heading back to Mr. Mamas.
5	EXCELLENT Service! Delicious Food. Unbeatable prices. Mr. Mama's is my favorite breakfast place in Vegas. There is no going wrong here.
4	I'm not a breakfast connoisseur so I have to say that by itself the food tastes like most breakfast places. A couple things stood out like their biscuits and gravy and the phirry cheese steak omelet (no that's not a typo that's how my Asian aunt ordered it and raves about it...herro). But what really stood out was the service, they're attentive, polite and some of the staff actually took the time out to have a couple funny conversations with and that somehow made the breakfast that much better. Rearry rearry better.
5	Breakfast is my favorite meal.  Everytime I go I try something different,  still keep going.  They have flavored coffee creamer!! I recommend the pancakes super fluffy and buttery.  Yum
4	My only complaint is that there is often a wait so it prevents me from making it a regular lunch spot. My first visit was with my brother, we had heard about the hashbrowns so they were a must despite ordering a gyro ($7.75) and patty melt ($8.75). They were great and we enjoyed our sandwiches. Service was friendly and they seemed really happy to have us.I've since returned twice for breakfast with my family. I had the pancakes both times. I really like that I can get a short stack with bacon and it doesn't cost a fortune. Bacon is thick and rich with bacon flavor. The pancakes are large, thick and fluffy. One of these times, I'll explore more of the menu. My family has always been pleased with their selections too.
5	We tried this place based on their high Yelp rating with so many reviews. The rating and many reviews were accurate! This is a terrific breakfast and lunch spot! The service was exactly at the level we  wanted, and the food was terrific!
5	Stop what you are doing right now. Leave the casinos and come eat at this place. The staff is friendly and top notch. The food came out fast and man oh man is it tasty! The biscuits melt in your mouth and the omelettes are fluffy and just the BEST. Do yourself a favor - EAT HERE!
5	Outstanding. O U T standing!We missed it the first time by, but turned around and found it the second time.Too small for the crowd but the atmosphere was still comfortable.  The food was great and service was prompt.  We had biscuits and gravy and they were very unique! Unlike anything else but still delicious.The owner was there walking around and talking to everyone while we were there.  He has a huge personality and was a delight to interact with.
5	Love this place! They food is fresh and delicious!! Service was great too! If you like clam chowder, try it here...it's made fresh and you can definitely tell!!
4	Flew the red-eye into Vegas and came here for breakfast.  On Saturdays, they open at 0700, and so I had to wait until they opened.  Was one of the first in the door.  Small place, probably only room for about 50.  Ordered the cali omelet with potatoes (should have ordered hash browns as the potatoes were just okay).  The omelet was fresh, tasty.  Came with toast.  Had coffee.  With a tip it was $15, so a fair price.  The others in the restaurants seemed to be pleased with their meals, and the service was very friendly (with lots of waitstaff).  I'd go here again for sure, but if the previous reviews about lines is true, not sure it would be worth waiting for.
4	Went here for breakfast & it is soooooo yummy! But you want to get there before about 8:30 cuz ppl start lining up about that time. ;)
5	Back again...like every time we come to Vegas. FOUR egg omelette. Yummy!  And shareable.
5	Breakfast burrito is my favorite :-) Always look forward to having lunch there.Great service and phenomenal food!
4	Small spot with a short but strong menu. Sometimes a large breakfast menu can be overwhelming, but the choices at Mr. Mamas are simple and they allow substitutions. I ordered the Spanish Omelette with Cheddar Jack in place of the Parmesan and it was delicious. Portions are large but manageable, and the prices are very reasonable. I ordered both coffee and orange juice (I do this often) and the coffee was slightly bitter for my taste, but all can be forgiven because they offer CoffeeMate along side creamer!  The staff are attentive and the manager (owner?), came and personally checked on how my meal was. I will definitely be returning!
5	Great food and excellent service! I love their chicken fried steak, the best I've had!
3	We were looking for a good breakfast burrito,  and came across Mr. Mamas on Yelp.  The restaurant was easy to find, clean, and friendly.  The customer service was great and our food arrived really quick and hot.Unfortunately I didn't care for my breakfast burrito as it was like a scrambled egg skillet wrapped in a tortilla.  My husband got the Cali omlett that had lots of cheese and fresh avocado so (yum) but was a bit bland for our tastes.   We tried the biscuits and gravy based on other's reviews of its uniqueness.  They were ok, but had a meat that looked and tasted like crumbled spam - we were not fans.I want to be fair and remind readers we only tried 3 -menu items and the food was very fresh... just not the style and seasonings I personally prefer my food to be prepared.
5	Stopped there thanks to Yelp. Tried the cali along with the biscuits and gravy. Very delicious and very fast, courteous service. Even with us walking in there at almost closing time. Thank you for an excelent meal!
5	Great service! Good food! Can't wait to come back to try something else... Too many good stuff to choose from.
5	Best omelet I've ever had & the home fries are the best thing we ate! Great atmosphere & the owner came around to ensure everything was good! We will be coming back (I wanna try the pancakes that kept going out to other tables that looked AMAZING!)
4	Solid 4.5 stars.Was craving country fried steak and eggs and this place definitely satisfied my craving..The batter on the steak was crispy, the sausage gravy was so delicious, flavorful and chunky. We didn't care too much for the cinnamon roll.  We also ordered an omelet and it was pretty good too. The main were large and generous portions for sure.Service was excellent.I'd definitely come back here again!
4	Great comfort food place!Super crazy on the weekends, but worth the wait!
5	One of the best omelettes I've ever head. No kidding. Came here near closing time and didn't have to wait. Clean. Decent seating area. Good sized menu. Reasonable prices. Very friendly main host who came and chatted with us and welcomed us.Food came out quick. Excellent omelette with the cheese, spinach and chicken all blending in nicely. Throughly enjoyed the fresh avocado on top. Fresh flavorful crunchy hash brown. Great home fries but I liked the hash brown better. Yummy rye bread with butter. Good hot fresh coffee. Excellent waitress who kept the coffee flowing and was very pleasant. Love places like these with excellent food, great prices and a warm welcoming atmosphere. 5 stars!
5	Probably the best breakfast I ever had. Go here and you will NOT be disappointed. I had the chicken fried stake and eggs and it was amazing.  We had a party of 7 and everyone left full and happy. The hostess and waitresses were awsome, I tip my hat to the owner of this fine establishment.
5	This is my second time here.  I keep missing out on the cinnamon rolls but that's what I get for sleeping in.  I've tried both lunch and breakfast now and both ate delicious.  Breakfast is where it's at.
5	I admit, I am a Mr. Mama's boy... This was recommended by a friend for breakfast/brunch. I ordered Mama's French toast and was thoroughly impressed. The French toast was delicious, however, the eggs and bacon was heaven. I can imagine what their omelettes taste like.My friend raved about their cheeseburgers and cinnamon rolls ended up ordering a breakfast sandwich. He was equally impressed. If you are looking for a good breakfast or brunch spot and don't want to deal with the long lines at some of the other places definitely stop by Mr. mamas!
5	Great, great food. Priced very fair. Staff was great and on point. Kids loved the pancakes and French toast. I loved the chicken fried steak. Our new favorite "go to" spot. A well earned 5 star. Just a heads up.. It has become, deservingly so, a very popular place, so you may want to call in advance to check wait times on weekends. We had to wait 20 min but it was absolutely worth it. Highly recommended.
5	You feel the family ambiance as soon as you walk in. The server's are very attentive and greet you with their name. The food is great! My party of 4 had the Mamas Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs, Mamas Breakfast Burrito, Denver Omelet and French Toast. The food was delicious! The restaurant is small however it's worth the wait.
5	The BEST chicken fried steak I've ever had. The prices were good and the staff was great! If you're looking for a good breakfast off the strip, check this place out :)
5	Best breakfast in vegas. Worth the drive, Worth the expense.Headed here on our way out of vegas. We knew we were headed for mass traffic so we filled our stomachs.Chicken fried steak. One of my favorite breakfast meals and this place makes it perfect. The gravy was rich and the chicken fried steak was tasty. I think this is a must have in vegas.
3	Flight landed in Vegas at 8:00 a.m. and we were hungry.  This is a weird, little strip mall joint but the food was good and the service was fast and the waitress was really nice.
5	I absolutely adore omletes. It is my go-to breakfast or brunch food.  I make them at home because I enjoy them that much. With that said,  you can trust when I say these are great omletes.  Specifically the California Omlete. The eggs where fluffy and had a nice spring to them. Excellently prepared.  Topped with homemade salsa and sour cream,  the flavors blended with the avalcado  so well that I felt bad adding hot sauce to bring up the heat level.  It still tasted great...even with the new flavor. Fairly large dining room.  Calming blue decor makes you forget the scorching sun outdoors.  The owner was on site checking on customers and their enjoyment.  I like those brief encounters.   He didn't stick around to micro-manage that shows he trusts that his staff is well trained and can operate without him.  I overheard him singing their praise to another customer!  Fantastic approach to management/ownership.Stop in here while in the Vegas area!  This is what YELP is for,  to share great locations that are off the beaten path.  VISIT!!
5	Amazing food, great prices, and exceptional service. Owner Nick sat us, brought us coffee, and took our check. Very friendly and hands on. This place is a gem just off the strip
4	Landed in Vegas and went in search of breakfast. Saw the reviews for this and decided to give it a try. Yummy goodness! At our table we had chicken fried steak, Denver omelet, biscuits and gravy, and pancakes. We all sampled bites of the dishes we chose and agreed we made a great choice to come here. The owner even came to our table to greet us and make sure we were happy with our food. We would definitely go back and based on the constant flow of customers while we were there it is a local favorite as well.
5	Awesome biscuits and gravy!  Fast friendly service.  Highly recommend if you want to support a local business and get away from the strip.
5	Great people, delicious food and wonderful service! Coffee tasted delicious too!Massive portions - breakfast all day!!! Place to be with you Ohana!
5	Excellent breakfast! The owner Nick was fantastic - he makes you feel right at home. Service was very efficient. It was worth the wait.
5	Nick the owner was very friendly and made us feel welcome. Food was great and service was top notch! Highly recommend
4	I stopped off here on a sunday morning to grab some breakfast to go for my group of friends I was with. I grab a few of their breakfast burritos, their hashbrowns and their pancakes. The staff there were really nice and helpful. They set me up with some coffee while I waited for my food. I thought the salsa is what made the burrito! Also they have turkey bacon option for their burritos. I thought it was the right consistency of eggs with onions and peppers with cheese and meat of choice. I would definitely like to try this place again and have a sit down breakfast here. Definitely check it out.
5	This is a must try breakfast  place . Service is great & foods are delicious . I ordered the Cali omelette since so many good reviews about it .
1	YUCK!!!! I feel sick just writing this review. Yelpers you have let me down. The food was downright rotten (literally,) my Cali Omelette smelled and tasted rotten. I don't know if the egg or cheese were old or artificial. The home potatoes lacked seasoning and were extremely bland. I only ate a couple of bites and sent it back. I refused to reorder anything else, I just didn't trust this place after that. My husband ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and the Cinnamon Roll and he enjoyed them. I had a couple of bites of the Cinnamon Roll and it reminded me of the fake Pillsbury Dough rolls. Not a Fan!!! :( If I need a Breakfast fix, I will go elsewhere.
4	The plaza that this breakfast joint is located in consists of a bunch of car stores, lol. I was confused and thought we might've turned into the wrong plaza, but nope! Upon arrival, the door was opened for us by a friendly gentleman who also seated us. Menus are already on the table. Everyone here is extremely nice and attentive. We opted to order the Biscuits and Gravy with Hashbrowns, French toast (2), a Cinnamon Roll, and a side of Sausage Patties.Biscuits and Gravy: One of the best I've had thus far. Different and delicious! It was perfectly seasoned. Since the gravy is prepared differently, the waitress asked us if we'd like to try a sample of the gravy first before committing to the dish, but I was already set on getting this dish and needless to say, I was really glad I ordered this! Most places overly salt the crap out of the biscuits AND the gravy, but not here! You won't be disappointed!Hashbrowns: Perfectly cooked and seasoned. I don't know how to describe the exact seasoning, but it's not just S&P. It's surprisingly good! Crunchy on the outside, but soft on the inside without being mushy. Mmmmm, more please!French Toast: Standard, but still satisfying. It's hard to make French toast really stand out unless you get fancy with flavors.Sausage Patties: Great flavor and cooked well! I hate places that cook the freakin' meat out of the damn patty to where it is hard and dry!Cinnamon Roll: By far the most disappointing thing ever! It did not taste like a cinnamon roll...plus the icing was all powdered sugar. I prefer the cream cheese based icing for cinnamon rolls, or if you're just going to go with the powder sugar icing, at least flavor it in some way so it tastes more than just wet powdered sugar. Yuck. I feel like the Pillsbury crap is better and tastes more like a cinnamon roll. I wouldn't buy this ever ever ever again.A must try for a hearty American breakfast if you're in that kind of mood!
3	Let me preface with this bias. I am not a American style breakfast fan. I grew up with a lot of traditional light Taiwanese porridge foods so heavy eggs and carbs in the morning is definitely not my thing. However, Mr. Mama's impressed. Any other place would've left a taste of childhood disgust in my mouth but the service, speed and overall attentiveness of the staff made the experience worth it. My sister order the Mama's French toast, I ordered one piece of french toast, white chocolate pancakes and an egg. All of them were alright by my taste buds!Expect good service when you get there :)The food is nothing too extraordinary though (but that's just my opinion - coming strictly from someone who doesn't like American style breakfast foods)
4	Loved the bacon and the service. My husband also enjoyed his Denver omelet. A refreshingly tasty breakfast at a reasonable price when you have been eating on the overpriced strip for a few days.
5	Located in an industrial building but don't let that scare you off. The place was packed and had a 15 minute wait which our friendly greeter informed us of. It was well worth the wait! Great food, service, and staff. I had the biscuits and gravy, probably the best I've had.
5	We just left Mr mamas after finding it on Yelp the owner could not have been more personable the waitress was so friendly we could not have felt more at home great people food was great great presentation great service again you couldn't have been better PR than the owner
4	Thanks to Yelp we found this great little breakfast place while visiting Las Vegas. It's away from the strip, located in the middle of an industrial plaza. We went on a weekday and waited about 15 min to be seated. We were greeted warmly and offered coffee while we waited. The coffee was excellent. When I asked the waitress about it, she said that they grind the beans in house. The food was also very good and the service was outstanding. The ambience wasn't my favorite -think strip mall diner-noisy and crowded. The friendly owner was walking around greeting everyone and told us that they're planning to move to a nearby larger location early next year. We like to support local businesses and will look for Mr. Mamas new location the next time we're in Las Vegas.
5	AmazeBalls!!! Had the country fried steak and a pancake and boy o boy did it hit the spot!!!  The guy who takes down the names is so welcoming you'll feel your part of the family. The waitress is so attentive even though I didn't know her name, but from what I saw every waitress was on point! Definitely coming back this will be my Vegas come to breakfast joint!
4	This was our first time here and since we are from out of town I chose this place solely on yelp reviews. It did not disappoint. the staff were kind and welcoming and the food was just like home, only better as i didn't have to cook it. .. or clean up.
5	Yeah. Just go. It was great. Nick was friendly as hell. And a Michigander to boot.  Excellent food and service.
5	All I can say is --  if you're in Las Vegas go here for breakfast!!!  Nick, the owner greets you at the door with a smile and a sense of humor.  That alone would get me to like the place.  But , the food is amazing.  I'm not normally a breakfast person but I ordered the Cali omelet with hash browns and I would go back tomorrow and have it again.  The omelet was light and fluffy and the hash browns were the best I've ever had.  As a bonus, the service was top notch !!!
4	Becoming a tradition when passing through Vegas. Hardy food at good prices. Very friendly staff.
5	This place was wonderful! The owner greeted us at the door by opening the door for us. He then told us which plates on the menu were his favorites! The Chicken Fried Steak was so tasty the amount of flavor was just right. The Cali Omelet was cooked to perfection! This along with the welcoming atmosphere made this place one for the record books and we will return again!
5	This place was DELISH! !! Their biscuits & gravy are to die for.  So was the country fried steak, pancakes and french toast. We had a feast and loved every bite.  Def coming back on my next vegas trip!
5	When looking for a breakfast place & a restaurant has over 800 reviews, well, I knew we'd come here. A really clean & nice looking restaurant located in a strip mall. We had the Greek omelet, biscuits & gravy plus hashbrowns. The addition of garlic to the Greek omelet made it go from ordinary to extraordinary! Fresh ingredients & liberal use of feta cheese was tasty. The gravy was sausage, bacon & maple syrup. It was bad a**! Very different & lighter than usual gravy. Biscuits were homemade & were light and flaky.
5	i got to say there is not enough stars here to rate this place, the best food i have ever had if it wasnt for the fact that i work at lees autocare i would have never knew this place existed, but from the massive lines that gather outside this place, you know its a hit just about everything i have eaten here was the best big portions great prices the service is out of this world, and nick the owner stands out front and greets the customers and talks to the customers table by table, i watch him a lot what a great guy, the cooks are very good and friendly, even when i went there on a sunday with my girlfriend we waited 40 minutes my girlfriend got fussy i told her to be patient because it will be worth waiting for and she waited with me when it was all said and done she agreed it was the best she ever had she loves it at mr mamas as well as i do to i wont eat any where else, im sold as being as small as it is and hard to see its a good place, and very blessed with business, keep up the great job everyone from mr mamas from all of as at lees autocare, and everyone that knows about you from the M casino where my girl works all her coworkers rave over mr mamas my girl says she hears the great reviews chatter about mr mamas keep up the great work we all love you guys there is not enough stars to give you guys this place over exceeds 7 stars.
4	Make your product just a little better than the competition. A little more freshness. A friendlier smile. Something to differentiate with consistency. Oh, and be in the right place. A general recipe for success in a market full of competitors. Mr. Mama's does exactly this.What are your choices around town? Egg & I? The Cracked Egg? Whatever. This is your spot. "But Ardie, they pretty much all have the same menu!" Well, here's that recipe for success on my veggie omelette.1. Everyone is happy! You're greeted happily and waited on happily.2. More. You're getting another egg in your omelette. Yes, 4-egg omelettes. They're huge! You're getting lots of toppings. In my case, plenty of fresh veggies.3. The eggs are cooked right. I mean, seriously, I'm not sure I can do better. They got this down. But just so you know, they default to cooking in butter. I requested oil on my veggie omelette.4. The home fries are not over-seasoned abominations laying around until they're ready to be scooped. These are simple sliced potatoes. They came out hot, crispy, and topped with fresh chopped peppers and onions if you want them.5. The hash browns are crispy and not too greasy.6. Everything isn't salty! I'm talking to you, every other breakfast place ever. You don't need to salt everything.7. Price was veryreasonable at a mere $8.That's really all it takes. Do everything a little better, at the right price, and be in the right place.Next time, I'll be trying another omelette, or maybe those monstrous burgers I've been seeing so many pictures of. I'll be back!
5	Totally lived up to the hype!!! That's all I gotta say, great service and great food!
5	This place was so pleasant to visit! The owner told us a story about his family and how he started the restaurant. Staff was very attentive. Everything tasted fresh! I had the veggie omelette with home fries and English muffin. Can't wait to try more items off the menu.
5	I joined my friend for breakfast here. It was new for both of us. We ordered the breakfast burrito. And it was delicious with the right amount of ingredients and not very heavy. The other dish we ordered was the Mr. Mama's Chicken fried steak. It came with eggs, fried steak, gravy, biscuits, and hash browns. Everything was tasteful, fast service, and friendly staff. I recommend this place. Happy eating!
5	Had a wonderful meal, and the service was fantastic. Was greeted warmly as soon as we walked in made us feel right at home. Take the time to go around to each table and check how your meal is, even talk to everyone trying to find a connection with everyone. The food is top notch made from scratch and you leave feeling satisfied. Service is unbeatable and i was highly impressed for this being my first time there. I'm most definitely going back and the prices are very reasonable. Love the atmosphere and pretty light blue painted walls. Ihop has no chance next mr. Mama's lol.
5	This place is what a local Las Vegas business is all about.  We actually waited 20 minutes to sit down and it was worth it.  Prices were good, service was good, place was clean, food was great!!!  I would definitely recommend this place for a great old fashioned, homemade breakfast.Well done!
4	Yummy in my tummy :)Service: My friend and I were greeted when we came in, escorted to table, and checked on often. Quick effortless refills, prompt billing, and the guy (assuming to be the owner) walked to the door and opened it for us when we were exiting and thanked us for having breakfast with them. Nice people they got here.Food: Greek omelette was so yummy. You can taste each ingredient which complimented each other so well. At first I was worried that it had garlic because I don't want it to be overwhelming but it was delicious and balanced the dish. Hash browns had great texture.  My friend thinks they lightly butter it for the crispiness.Coffee is so smooth. Nothing like the bitter taste of Starbucks. $2.50 cup with free refills. Faaantastic.
5	This place is a dream come true..Greeted at the door by a gentleman by name of Nick. Restaurants could take customer service lessons from Nick and his staff.I had the P.B. & Banana Pancakes..off da chain. Wish they had a one these back in Frisco..Thanks again for great food and service.
5	Super friendly people & huge portions for breakfast. It's close, but not on the strip so prices aren't nuts. Would definitely come here again!
5	Mr. Mama's is extraordinary! The model for running a successful food business should be pretty straight forward:  provide stellar customer service, operate with efficiency, keep the restaurant clean and above all, serve the best food on the planet.  Why is this so hard to achieve?  I don't know the answer, but I do know that Mr. Mamma's has figured it out.  I wouldn't have expected such a down-to-earth, truly fabulous establishment with reasonable prices in Las Vegas.  I continue to be amazed...
5	Breakfast done right! Friendliest staff I have ever come across. Very knowledgeable servers and everyone smiles crazy concept. I had the biscuits and gravy which rival the best I have ever eaten. Huge pieces of bacon and sausage. I also tried the breakfast burrito which was really good. When I'm out in Vegas again I know where I am getting breakfast. Thanks!
4	Found this place on Yelp thought over 800 people gave it high ratings it must be good. Well ..IT WAS! I had the French Toast , 2 eggs, and Hash Browns . French Toast was amazing thick piece fluffy bread - perfect egg ration with a hint of cinnamon- The eggs are also delish fluffy (scrambled ) with parsley gave it a fresh taste. The Hash Browns I ordered them crispy they were good not great - next time I'm doubling up on the French Toast and skip the Hash. Service : Amazing - Friendly , feel good type of place!
5	Great place!  Went based on reviews and we all loved it. Good service. Short wait for a table (10min). I got the cheese steak and next time would get breakfast. My 2 others with me got breakfast and I has a taste. That's why I say it.
5	Leaving to go home from vegas, stopped here for a quick breakfast.greeted at door by owner.  Food was perfectly prepared and served in a flash. Will defenitely go there next time in vegas.
3	Friendly service, manager or owner came by to check on us. Good omelette, nice balance between eggs and content, moist and fluffy not over cooked and just eggs as you find in many restaurants. Choose home fries over hash browns, home fries were well seasoned and yummy, hash browns were cooked perfectly but under seasoned. Why a three and not a four? The coffee, not horrible but just meh. Typical diner coffee and a bit weak. I would go back and give something else a try.
5	If you want a hearty breakfast,  come here! Food is great and service is superb!  :)  I recommend the homemade chili and ice coffee here!
5	Came here on Yelp recommendations and did not disappoint, Solid breakfast, great waitress, and friendly atmosphere.
4	Good food friendly atmosphere.  I will be back to this one.  I had one of my favs biscuits and gravy!  I think I will branch out next time.
4	Do yourself a favor, ask to sample the gravy...it's ridiculous. I would have given it five stars had the pancakes been better. They seemed to be missing some flavor depth. Ham is good, eggs are good, service is good. I also like that the place doesn't try to cram 400 people into the place (which they could). Overall, their Yelp reputation is well deserved. P.S. They're moving in two months (today is Nov 7, 2014).
5	Food was great and the service is amazing. Staff is so friendly I would come just because of them! I had the mamas sandwich and it was perfect for lunch. Big portion so I gave half to my coworker and she loved it too. Glad to have found this place!
5	The wife and I were looking for a breakfast joint off the strip and found Mama's via Yelp ....glad we did ! The service was over the top for a joint like this ...the guy at the door was totally cool and seated us as soon as a table cleared.The servers also care for each others tables without asking ...that was a nice touch.Our drinks were never empty.I had the biscuits and gravy ....definitely a different take on the gravy.I believe it was maple enhanced making it sweet and savory and piled onto some fresh biscuits...toallly bomb gravy! The bacon was fried perfectly ...."stood" up when you held it but not overcooked or limp... I swear our food came in less than 5 minutes so we were in and out of there fast.Loved this joint ...well worth the 10 minute drive from the strip and a 1/3 of the price as well !
5	Very very good food ! I were there for breakfast. I eate the pancakes. A friend had the cheese omelettes with American cheese. We will come back.
5	We found this place because of my friends that had visited the during a trade show. First off, this place is well worth the little out of the way drive off the strip. We were greeted by Nick, the owner of this fine establishment. He was very helpful and made the little wait enjoyable. We sat down and the staff was very fast and courteous. I ordered the French toast and eggs and my gf ordered the Cinnamon bun and side of ham. Both very very very very delicious. This will become a regular stop for us everything we come to Vegas. Keep up the good work Nick!!!
4	We found Mr. Mamas on Yelp and decided to give them a try as they are so highly rated. We were met at the door by Nick, and he's very nice and personable. We were given a 45 minute wait time but were sat in 25. There's plenty of staff and good customer service.  The food is good and plentiful. Nothing really exemplary about the place for us but still, no complaints.
5	After searching for the perfect breakfast place for a year, we've finally found it! Mr. Mama's is THE place for breakfast in Las Vegas. We were a party of two and were promised 45 minutes, but waited an hour to get a seat here on a Sunday morning (we arrived around 10:20). While we waited, we were given a menu to look at while more and more people arrived and joined us to wait to be seated. Once we were seated, we were promptly greeted and given drinks. Service was quick and hospitable and our glasses were never empty!  We ordered a cinnamon roll, breakfast burrito, and full order of biscuits and gravy.  Everything was great and we left with full tummies- there was waaaaaay too much food, but we didn't mind because it was delicious!
4	Stopped at Mr. Mamma's for brunch today, which is almost hidden in a small strip mall.  The owner (who happens to live a couple of developments down from me in Henderson) greeted us as we walked through the door, added us to the wait list, and gave us a menu to peruse while we waited.  He advised that there would be a 15 minute wait, but it turned out to be less than 10 minutes.  While we waited I noticed that he interacted warmly with everyone who came in and kept a keen eye on the food coming out of the open kitchen as well as on the service.  This is an owner who takes great pride in his restaurant (IMO) and I appreciate that.  Once seated our waitress was quick to take our order and bring our drinks.  The iced tea was fresh brewed and I am told the coffee was very good ($2.50 each).We started with the cinnamon roll to share.  This thing is huge!  It came out hot and fresh.  The icing was too sweet for my taste, but I ate around the icing without issue. $3.50I had the short stack pancakes (2 cakes) & eggs with extra crispy bacon.  The pancakes were also huge, but they were fluffy and had a nice traditional flavor.  I almost got through one!  The scrambled eggs were good and the bacon was thick cut.  $7.45My dining companion had the steak and eggs w/ hashbrowns.  He advised that the hashbrowns were fantastic, and that the steak was okay, but he would likely order something different in the future. $9.95We felt that the pricing was reasonable, the staff fast and friendly, and the food was good.  I like that you can order breakfast all day, but the burgers and some of the other lunch orders coming out of the kitchen also looked appetizing, so I may try one of those next time.As we were leaving, the owner shook our hands and asked about our experience.  Nice to see he cares this much.  We will be back.
4	As soon as we walked in I had a feeling I was going to love this spot. We had about a 5 min wait for our table, and during those 5 min my boyfriend had a conversation with the owner about what he should order. The lamb gyro was on the specials board and he was talking about getting that...the owner said he had to be honest and it wasn't his fav. and recommended another sandwich except wrapped in tortilla and grilled. Then went on to say that if he didn't love it that he (the owner) would buy his meal. Needless to say my bf found it to be amazing. I had eggs toast hash browns and French toast and holy cow: those hash browns were AMAMZING. Whatever they season with is perfect. Everyone I was with was beyond happy and even more happy with the check when it arrived. Absolutely recommend this spot. The only downside and reason I'm giving 4 stars versus 5....I really love some mimosa with my brunch and this spot doesn't serve any alcohol.
5	They critics don't lie. This place was cheap and the food was fantastic. I had the Cali Omelet and my Wife had the Greek Omelet. The service and good and the food was super good!!! Take the time to get off the strip and come and enjoy a really good breakfast!
3	Quiet off the strip breakfast spot. Food was good not great. Their pancakes are huge and service is excellent. We got the veggie omelette and it was nothing special.
5	We are in Vegas visiting from Virginia and we decided to try something just out of the city. Found this place on yelp.  The service was great. We were greeted by Nick(the owner)and he even shared some of his family history. Very nice.  Between the four of us we order a basic breakfast of bacon and eggs, biscuits and gravy and French toast.  Oh and I almost forgot the huge cinnamon rolls!!  The food came out fast and  everything was cooked perfectly. If I am ever in the area again I will definitely be stopping by
5	Great Bfast spot. I go there twice a week at least, always satisfied. The gravy is like nothing else. yum!
4	Quite probably the best breakfast in LV &  definitely the best and friendliest service!
2	ANOTHER BIG TIME FAIL FROM MY YELP COMMUNITY!!Craving some serious breakfast after a long night of partying. I had already bookmarked this restaurant prior to my Las Vegas Trip based on the stellar reviews. We ventured away from the strip to this restaurant located in an industrial area inside a small strip mall don't flinch you might miss it. My wife and I arrived at 1pm., placed our name on the wait list, Very friendly gentlemen greets us and tells us there is a 25min. wait. I says no problem. We were seated within the time frame, our waitress takes our order right away as we were starving. I usually stop at Starbucks to get a coffee when eating at most breakfast spots as the coffee tends to be weak but I overlooked my instincts lazily and decided to try theirs. Well unsurprisingly the Coffee was super weak. As soon as I added creamer it turned milky instantly. My Bad $2.50.Food/Prices- I opted for the DENVER OMELETTE with home fries and Toast Price was decent under $9. I asked the waitress if I can sub bacon for the ham that comes with the denver she said no problem.  Our order took a little while to come out. The presentation looked great big portion for sure; better than it tasted. My OMELETTE- TOTAL grease pit, they used tons of oil to cook it, plus the cheese stuffed inside was your poor quality cheese used at most LA style burger joints that increased the greasiness further. First couple bites were very mushy eggs were not cooked that well, upon further inspection I also noticed very little bacon in my omelette so I began to open it up and noticed they didnt even cook the bacon at all prior to stuffing it in my omelette. The potatoes were the only thing that came out good they were hot and crispy. I couldnt finish it even though I was starving i did enjoy the potatoes but was very dissapointed. My wife ordered the French toast special, served with Eggs and Bacons under $9. Her eggs also cooked with tons of oil, bacon was good. The French toast that everyone raves about was weak yo. First of all it was served cold, next it had no flavor you couldnt add enough syrup to give it flavor. No moistness, no tastes of eggs or cinnamon ever touching the bread. Maybe they dipped the texas toast in milk and pan fried not sure. Was a total fail. Waitress came by asked us how our food was, I told her I was disappointed with the french toast coming out so cold. She opted to warm it up for us but by this time I was completely disillusioned with my meal. I decided to pay, leave and will not come back. Prices are Good; Portions are Big, Service Is Good, However, I prefer quality over quantity food was not on point. Sorry Yelpers this was a fail dont do it! Should have tried the breakfast spot at my hotel not worth the hassle of leaving the Strip.
5	The biscuits and gravy here are AMAZING. No seriously, biscuits and gravy is my go to dish when ranking a place. This is the best I have had. They nail the biscuit, and the gravy is rich and flavorful. My wife had said that the omelettes are absolutely top notch. We have eaten breakfast here every day since finding this gem. The staff are cheerful, friendly and fast. If you are looking for a great breakfast spot, look no farther.
5	Great service.  You feel like family as soon as you hit the door. Food was great, with a very big selection for breakfast. Owned by a Greek boy from Michigan. We will definitely be back
5	Great prices, fast friendly service. Def recommend! My husband loved the fluffy pancakes!  I am always looking for a place to cater breakfast for my sales team so I will be calling Mr Mamas very soon!
5	Very nice man at front door managing the line, kept Ya informed of wait times etc was very efficient and friendly.  Food was amazing, and didn't take long for how busy they were.  Waitress forgot my toast and due to that she gave me my drink for free because she felt it was the right thing to do. Highly recommend and would go back if I lived closer.I had the chicken fried steak it was very very good and the gravy is also amazing
5	Thus place is so great.. great atmosphere, and food. When we visit vegas again, we will definitely be back here for breakfast.  :-)
5	What a great experience we had. My Wife and I love good food, and nice people, and this place has them both. We had the Chicken Fried Steak and the Cali Omelette. Both absolutely delicious. Not greasy like many breakfast places in town. Lots of flavor and spices. And the Cinnamon Roll was also amazing. Very soft, warm and fluffy. The people are very nice and there is plenty of staff so that they can spend more than the usual attention on each guest. The owner Nick is such a nice guy, and he has a great philosophy; focus on his product and the rest will follow. He spends his money on his staff, which makes the product amazing for his guests, and they leave happy and tell the friends and then yelp about it. That is money better spent than on advertising a poor quality product. Definitely recommend this anyone who loves good breakfast and nice people for a great overall experience.
5	All I can say is amazing all the way around. Nick which was I assume the manager and the hostess was so welcoming and checked on us at all times. The food is delicious. Only thing as a warning the hash browns have oregano on them.
4	We went here for the first time today, and it was really good. You have to try the biscuits and gravy. I had the veggie omelette, and the potatoes which I really liked. My dad had the chili omelette and the chili was amazing. The husband had the sausage and eggs and he really liked it. Everything is a decent price, for the 3 of us we spent less then $40. It was about a 30-40 minute wait, but I think it was worth it. I would come back next time I'm in Vegas. If your a local, I would get it to go, so you don't have to wait. The owner greets you at the door and was nice, he was honest about that wait, they were so busy that people didn't want to wait and left.
5	All I'm going to say is Mama's Breakfast Burrito, best ever. Do it!
5	Stopped in for a quick breakfast while on the road, and was pleasantly surprised by this little haven amongst mediocre restaurants. I was greeted by the owner as I entered and he did a great job checking up on me throughout the meal. Ordered coffee, and the short stack combo with Pancakes, eggs, and bacon. While the eggs were a little on the dry side, everything else was cooked perfectly and tasted great for being a traditional breakfast. On top of it all, the prices were VERY reasonable - paying under $13 for a VERY filling breakfast with the combo, coffee, and a muffin.If I find myself in the area again, I'll definitely stop here for a quick, delicious, friendly, and affordable meal!
4	Had the Chicken fried steak after seeing so many reviews.  It was very good.  Next time I will have the biscuits and gravy.  The same gravy comes on both and boy IS IT GOOOOOD!  The service staff is friendly and the it did not take long to get our meals.  Good food at a good value.  Not much more you could as for.
5	Super Yummy, fast and very friendly service. Large portions, enough that we took some home and the kiddos ate it for lunch. My sons french toast was even good leftover
5	This place is always packed and for good reason.The friendly service begins with a greeting and a smile from the owner. Coffee is great here, according to my dining companion, but alas no herbal tea for me. On to the food, though. Today we had western omelets. They arrived quickly (with a smile) and were oh so tasty. Nicely seasoned and filled with enough veggies and sausage to add to the flavor but without overwhelming the eggs.
5	No glitz and no glamour here. It good hardy breakfast food. It is only a few miles from the strip and I am tired of the same old thing and I was not disappointed.
5	Very nice experience overall. Food was great, generous portions and very nice staff. Would definitely go here again if I get the chance.
3	Cool owner, great service and ALWAYS packed....that said, the food is as average as average can be...did I mention its always packed....
5	Good food, great service! The host at the door did a wonderful job of keeping us posted with the wait time and made sure we were fine with the time frame he quoted.He under promised and over delivered and we were promptly seated .The server was equally efficient, she was quick and attentive and the food arrived minutes after we ordered . Wonderful experience from start to finish .
5	Probably the best breakfast place in Vegas. Definitely the best I've had. Great service, delicious food and low prices. I had the Cali omelet and my bf had the chicken fried steak. They even have French Vanilla coffee creamer. Definitely a great "hole in the wall" find!
5	This was the absolute BEST breakfast we have had in a LONG time. The pancakes were nice and fluffy, the eggs were delicious and the bacon was cooked to perfection! The guy at the door is a great host and pretty funny. The wait staff is very attentive and everyone seemed to be helping each other. We will definitely be back!
5	Thank you my fellow yelpers for the right on reviews. The customer service was great and everybody was friendly. Nick is very proud of his establishment and also shared a family story of the pics he has on wall. I love the fact of how spacious it is and they do not pack you in like sardines. If this was a breakfast spot in Los Angeles they would have added at least 15 more tables so that when you get in and out your seat it's like moving down a movie aisle row with butt in people's face, ridiculous!!! But anyway our fabulous waitress informed us they are moving to a bigger location next year, so I'm sure this will be even better. So I had the biscuits n gravy, they let me sample it first because it is a distinct flavor, and something different. Flavorful and fresh plus they have nice size portions. We will return because we're always in Vegas and I have to try that cinnamon roll totally forgot when we were there.
5	The Greek omelet was amazing. Seasoned perfectly, cooked to perfection. I'll come for breakfast next time I'm in town.
2	Went for breakfast based on the yelp reviews and was one of our least favorite breakfasts in Vegas. French toast was good as was the hash browns. Bacon was overcooked, dry, flavorless and tough and didn't even finish half of the order. Biscuits and sausage gravy is on the menu but they warn you the gravy has meat other than sausage and it was not good. Salt and pepper helped a little but walking out, none of the four people who ordered the gravy was eating it. Not sure the point of having a product that you warn people about when they order. The biscuits were dry and overly brown so overall not much flavor. Prices were good, and fairly busy and seemed like mostly egg and potatoes were being enjoyed but also saw a lot of food pushed aside, pancakes included.
5	Friendly family fun business!  Coffee was exceptional!  Service was attentive and FAST!!!!  Served French Vanilla Creamer.  Served everything in the menu so I could get a hamburger and my daughter could get the Philly Cheese Steak Burrito and my husband could get Waffles.  The Bacon was perfectly cooked with a nice thick rind.  Get there early or prepare to wait cuz it is popular but worth it.
4	Very friendly quick service.  Came here once before and the kids were the ones who wanted to come back.  Great omelets and meatless friendly which is a plus for me.
3	First off, the customer service here is great! That was the best part of the experience. The staff is very friendly and accommodating and I really appreciated that. The reason I'm giving Mr. Mama's 3 stars is because the food did not live up to the hype. It wasn't BAD food, by any means. It just wasn't amazing, like the Yelp reviews led me to believe. We had the cinnamon roll, biscuits and gravy, and the Philly cheesesteak burrito. The cinnamon roll was okay, but not better than a Cinnabun. The biscuits and gravy were a little bland, so I had to add quite a bit of salt. The Philly burrito was good, but like I said, nothing worth driving to the other side of town for. If you live near by, it's definitely worth a try! But if you live further away (like we do) hold off and try something closer to your neighborhood :-)
5	Really Great customer service! And food was out in a timely manner.  We heard their french toast and Cali omelet were the best here.  They weren't lying. Eventful was good. Definitely will come back next time I'm in Vegas
5	Love this hidden little place! The owner always greets us with a smile and his staff are just as nice and attentive. The breakfast is amazing (Cali omelette is my favorite, the man likes his breakfast burrito). One of the few places that actually does the biscuits and gravy the right way-chunks of sausage in the gravy! YUM. Word is he's changing venues to a bigger location, which is great-he needs it. Awesome seeing his family-owned business thrive!
5	Lots of good home cooking. I had the chicken fried steak and it was so big I couldn't finish it. It was darn tasty as well. Also had the hash browns and they were perfect.Wife had the biscuits and gravy. It could use a little salt but the biscuits were very good. Prices are reasonable. The decor is a little "blue" but I'd go back. It was pretty busy Saturday morning.
4	Had a good regular breakfast. Definitely a diner, but everything tastes good and the service was good.
1	Food is nasty and owner/manager is nastier. He is very rude and his "minions" waitresses aren't any better. Went there last week and worst experience ever. Go to Eggs & I they have the best food!
5	Being a chef on the strip you get to know your food.  This place is what it's all about good food, good service, super consistent
2	Based on yelp we headed on over as soon as my plane landed.  PEOPLE OF LAS VEGAS, THERE IS NOTHING SPECIAL HERE.  The Chicken Fried steak is purchased frozen and they dunk in in the oil.  The pancakes, just plain pancakes.  The sausages not made here.  The egg, they are just eggs.  The OJ, not fresh squeezed, just purchase.If you can't figure out how to scramble some eggs and open an container of OJ then I guess you will love this bland, basic, store bought food.
5	Totally worth the wait on a Sunday morning.  The Mama's french toast is outstanding.  The boyfriend had the California omelet, he said the home fries were the best he has ever eaten.
5	What's a girl to do when faced with the responsibility of choosing a breakfast joint the day after a long road trip? Yelp, and Yelp it good! I exhaustedly scrolled and read reviews. "Black Bear Diner," I thought, "Nah, it was just okay and the dishes weren't clean and lipstick stains were every where on our utensils and cups there... Oh, ooh, Mr. Mama's? What a paradox! Let's look at the photos..."I was sold. By the ratings, reviews, and especially the photos. I texted everyone where we would meet in the morning, and on the drive there on a Sunday, the roads were clear and our GPS led us to a pretty industrialized part of Las Vegas that I've never seen before. My friend and I were earlier than three others, but we were instantly greeted at the door and our table was ready as soon as we were given menus to look at. The joint is bigger than you would think as they utilized their unit very well with their seating arrangements. But, wait! You don't want to hear about seating arrangements! Let's talk food.Our table ordered: the chicken fried steak - which had the perfect amount of gravy; greek omelet - it was very great, but I got tired of eating it after a while, but I also added bacon on the side; cali omelet - that thing is PACKED with things, I mean avocado... F'real; and french toast - which was not too soaked with butter or soggy at all.Overall, the experience was memorable and a pleasant way to finish a Vegas trip with my friends from all around the country. I truly recommend Mr. Mama's for their service and their fast-served, but amazing tasting food!
4	Not bad if you're looking for a hardy breakfast that won't break the wallet (that's already broken in Vegas!!).Good home cooked meals but the wait is about 30-45 minutes. That's expected when the Yelp reviews are plentiful and great! The staff was very welcoming and friendly (bumped them up to 4 stars for this).I ordered the gravy and biscuits which I'm not 100% sold on simply because of the biscuits themselves; they tasted kinda "broken" and not solid, almost like they were old. BUT the gravy was delicious! You can tell it was homemade and didn't make you gag after a few bites. Very light and just the right amount of flavor. My wife ordered an omelet which tasted "okaaay" however she ordered it w/o yoke and cheese; the very two ingredients I love so I cannot base it on that. We'll likely visit this place again one day soon and a more accurate review will be given then. But overall first impression is solid. I'm confident in recommending.
4	Taste: 3.5Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 2.5Service: 3Bang for your buck: 3When in Vegas Mr Mamas is the place to be; that or The egg and I depending on the line situation and how hungry you are and let me tell you both places are busy. Mr mamas feels to me more hyped with foodies and drunks coming to eat breakfast after not sleeping and partying all night. The break downPros- Food is good, the basics hash browns, egg, bacon, pancakes- bang for you buck; this place is easy on the wallet- Service here is for the most part good, depending on how busy it is can range per experience Cons- Atmosphere, for the most part its small and loud- parking sucks when its busyOverall I love this place and eat here every time i am in vegas and thats 3 times a month
5	Mr. Mama's was AMAZING!  Good ol breakfast,  fast, friendly service,  and the Owner is a stand up guy.  Try the French Toast!  They even have Turkey bacon which is why they get the 5 star.
5	As soon as you walk into this place you can already tell that this place will be delicious. I was greeted the moment I opened the door, and I knew that I would enjoy my experience here. I had the Cali Omelette and it was like the angels singing hallelujah as I savor each bite. This place is definitely a must go to if you're in Vegas! Come early though its first come first serve for diners!
5	Excellent food. Nick the owner greets you at door. Even with line he gets you in quickly. Staff smiles & all work together and gets your food quickly. 4 egg Omlettes are yummy, crisp hash browns. Clean and pays attention to your needs. The place to go for breakfast & lunch. Moving to a new larger location shortly.
5	Great service. Mr. Mamas is very friendly. He talks to everyone. Food was a great. Need to go early as the place is packed.
5	Mmmm mmmm good!!! Try the Cali omelet with mushrooms instead of sausage and the cinnamon roll
5	We came to Vegas for our company Christmas party. We went to yelp for help looking for a place with good food and reasonable prices and came across this one. Food was good and prices are very reasonable. What we liked the best about this place was the friendliness and excellent service. The owner is so down to earth... Loved it! They make you feel right at home. We liked it so much we came here twice. We will be back when we come to Vegas!
5	Had the Cali omelet with English muffin and coffee. Great. Waitress was friendly. Would go back.
5	Food was great! Service was great (Denise)!!! The prices are a MUCH APPRECIATED VALUE!! Order a cinnamon roll...HEAVENLY! The owner does a FANTASTIC job facilitating the door! Very friendly place that I will definitely revisit!!
3	For locals, this may be a weird location to go for breakfast/lunch. On Decatur between Hacienda and Russell, it's a relatively industrial area. I went because I have been craving chicken fried steak, and this place popped up on yelp. I book marked it and visited when in the area.  Close to the strip, so compared to the hotels, the prices here are really favorable.I ordered the chicken fried steak ($10.50)-came with choice of 3 eggs (soft scrambled), potatoes (hash browns), and toast (biscuit). The gravy was creamy, thick and included not only ground sausage but bacon pieces (my waitress told me about the bacon-had she not, I'm not sure the taste was noticeable). The hash browns looked perfect (I was trying to assess whether fresh potatoes or from bag/processed-I couldn't figure it out for sure). The crust was perfectly fried and the flavor of the chicken fried steak was pretty good. The eggs did not have a lot of flavor and assumed it was carton/processed scrambled eggs. The Pros: - value (good/large portions for the price). - the owner and staff are very friendly and communicative.- I ordered, literally, before I sat down in the chair at the table, food came out fresh and hot, 10 minutes laterThe Cons:- the parking lot is busy/full on weekdays - little strip mall with at least 6 other businesses - wait time can be unexpected. I went on a weekday at 11:45ish, and the wait was 15-20 minutes-the est. was right on- the atmosphere is not great. I think overall, it felt a bit dirty.- I sat by the kitchen door and later (after I ate half of my meal) noticed that the shelves had a lot of cans (tomatoes, beans?) and boxes (biscuit mix). I prefer when I go out to eat minimally processed/fresh/scratch made food. I can use pantry items and boxed bake mixes myself. I wondered more about how scratch made my meal was-this may seem kind of nit picky, but when you go to small mom/pop places, I think it is more likely/expected.Overall, my visit was OK. Would I return, maybe, but only if close by. I also would have to consider the time/day as I gather (based on other reviews), the wait time can be long.
5	Super fast service and excellent food. Pancakes were homemade and tasted great! Will definitely return.
4	My family and I are visiting from out of state and love to adventure off the strip. We came for breakfast but I still got a burger and all of the food was great and very reasonably priced. The Manhattan burger was delicious but a little on the greasy side; cooked exactly as ordered and with a good side of fries.
4	Just discovered this hidden gem a few months ago while at the hardware store next door.  Good food, good prices, friendly service - worth waiting in line for and worth just driving across town every couple of weeks.I love bacon and their's doesn't disappoint.  Plus, Mr Mama I assume working the door - you just don't see that anywhere.Good job,
2	I'm not sure why this place is so highly rated; the food is below average and I am convinced my mom, who doesn't cook--which the world should be thankful for--can cook better than the cooks here.  I ordered the egg sandwich with sausage and was extremely disappointed.  The sausage, which I think was supposed to be pork, tasted more like turkey sausage that was about to go bad and the sourdough bread I ordered turned out to be Texas toast instead.  I had the house potatoes on the side, which were more like fried potatoes than actual house potatoes. They were extremely salty and hardly palatable.  The only part of the meal I enjoyed was the poached eggs which was perfectly cooked and had a creamy center. I'm giving this place a higher rating than I normally would because the staff is extremely welcoming and friendly and the food is cheap.
4	Nice little mom & pop / hole in the wall type place with very friendly staff, and the crunchy French toast was delicious!
5	Food is phenomenal, service is even better and the owner is one of the nicest dudes you'll ever meet. Always a must when coming to Vegas. It's only a few miles off the strip and its 100% worth it.
5	BEST BREAKFAST IN SIN CITYChicken fried steak comes with 3 eggs, potatoes and toast... everything I had envisioned and more.French Toast made with egg bread and 2 eggs... thinking of my next visit on this side of townMake no mistake the greeter is the gregarious Greek owner. He's like the air traffic controller. Get that confident  feeling you're in good hands.Best way to put it, it's the closet breakfast experiece to a must visit truck stop.
4	Very good!Chicken fried steak was awesome! Not very greasy and the gravy was great!Chili cheese omelette was not as great but still good
5	We were on our way home from Vegas and we wanted to get some breakfast.  We yelped some breakfast places and this one had lots of reviews so we went here.  Glad we did, because the food here was great and the service was fantastic!
5	I want to move to Vegas and work here. Even though they are crazy busy, everyone is calm, friendly, and extremely attentive!!! Country fried steak and gravy was out of this world. I got over easy eggs, hash browns, and sausage patties. So fresh, and I added a side of chili and smothered my breakfast. I usually feel sick after eating so much, but everything is so fresh that I felt full but great. Nick is the owner and he is the nicest man I have ever met. Jackie was our server and she was on it, but everyone works as a team. You can tell that Nick takes pride in who he hires. I cannot rave about this place enough. Go there, you will not regret it!!
5	Business owner was exceptionally pleasant and food quality was outstanding.The prices are great and country fried steak and veggie omelette was mouthwatering.definitely coming back to its new location that will be a bigger restaurant.
5	This cute breakfast spot is simple & close to the strip. Nothing fancy but the service and food was amazing. It was very crowded so to me that was a great sign that the food is probably good and indeed it was!! The owner greeted us, he is very personable and was really great with our kids. I was so impressed with the overall experience we will be back when in Vegas!! I recommend this spot to anyone looking for great service & amazing food for a great price!! Our family of 4 had the Cali omelette, pancakes, hash browns, home fries, French toast & bacon.... Every thing was delicious, no complaints!
5	Awesome breakfast. owner greeted us at the door and was very accommodating.  waited about 20 minutes on sunday morning at 9am. or server,  melissa, was very good,  anticipated or needs and very polite. food was awesome in all areas: price, presentation, and promptness. definitely come back here as part of our Vegas routine
5	Found this hidden gem here on Yelp. Food was awesome and the gentleman at the door named Nick was wonderful. All of the staff was very kind and helpful and the service was fast and good. I will definitely come back to this place next time I'm in Vegas!
5	We were heading home from a fun filled Vegas mini trip and was hungry for breakfast. We yelped and found Mr. Mama's breakfast joint.  It has a high rating and almost 1000 reviews so we decided to go.  I almost passed it as b/c the "Guns" signs grabbed my attention LOL.  I walked up and saw the wait.   The owner mentioned up front 45 min wait, we decided  to wait and boy was it worth it!   All I can say was   CHICKEN FRIED STEAK with that famous white gravy!  It was sooooooooooooooo freaking huge and delicious.   The huge portions and the great prices are definitely worth the wait. I like how the staff work together and share all duties. I overheard the owner stating they are moving to a larger location b/c this one only holds 54 people.   Congratulations on an awesome restaurant
3	The food tastes alright. The portion is rather large. The price is very reasonable.The line is long.
1	The owner is a total ass hole! He likes to pick fights with his customers. He personally acts as a greeter and hostess. This was my first time to this establishment and when I asked for a tble for two he put me off to ask other patrons who were not looking to be seated if he could help them. After they said no, he came to me and said "the wait is going to be 45 minutes do you want to wait?" I noticed only 2 large groups waiting to be seated so I politely asked how many other tables for 2 were before me. He rudely said "do you want to wait or not!" I said "that is why I am asking how many are before me because it may move faster than 45 min and I'll wait if there aren't several tables for two waiting." He then said "three, so are you going to wait or not!" I said yes and sat down to wait for my friend to join me. When my friend arrived and asked how I was doing I told him quietly that the host guy was unnecessarily rude to me. The owner/ host guy overheard this and approached us picking a fight with me and being extremely hostile and arguing with what I said privately to my friend. I said "you were rude to me for no reason and there is no reason for you to continue harassing me." He then said "I own this place and you need to get out!" I said "what? You are an ass hole." I was obviously confused and rebuffed by what had just occured and left. While discussing alternate breakfast plans he came outside to continue to harass me. I truly hope that any business owner who is abusive to patrons is put out of business.
4	Everybody and their mother must know about this place now because the place was VERY busy the day we went!!  It's a small, very casual burger joint.  Burger joint?  If you're ever in L.A., there are literally TONS of these little independent joints around.  And their specialty is good ol' homecooking.  Most of them are also Greek-owned and they have great burgers and stuff and just like this place, great breakfasts!  Although this place is more like a sit-down restaurant in that they have waitstaff that wait on you. The portions for most items are pretty big, but not everything.  The prices are about average.  Not really cheap, but not really expensive either.  I got the pancakes and bacon and eggs and they were great!  And of course, we got the chicken fried steak, which was big too, and also pretty good!  A GREAT change from the expensive stuff on the Strip.
4	We ate here twice while we were in LV Dec 18 to 23.  The food is good, good portions and they cook things the way you want it.  I asked for it to be "light" for my omelet with less oil and both times it came out like it.  The service was good, better the second time we visited.  Our waitress on the second visit was very helpful and told me where I could find some of the Cholula hot sauce.  There's a large menu and lunch items too if you don't want breakfast.  It was busy but things moved quickly with Mr. Mama greeting and signing people up on the wait list.
5	Amazing! Great food, big portions, good prices, great customer service... this place gets packed but we'll worth it
5	This place is amazing. You walk in and feel right at home. Decor is bright and cheerful, makes for a light and pleasant atmosphere. I was able to order one French toast and one egg. Yummy, hard to screw up though, right? Well my hubby had chicken fried steak and said it was to die for!
5	Written by a picky girl: this restaurant is heaven. My husband and I went every morning after we found it during our honeymoon in Vegas. Everything is delicious: pancakes, sausage, eggs, omlettes. Only down side: expect a 30-40 min wait regardless of what day or time you go. The resturant is supposed to move in January 2015, so hopefully they will have more room and not a long wait! It's so worth it tho! The owner Nick is so kind to everyone who comes in. We wish they would just move their resturant to California!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. I really, really, really love this place and so totally wish I couldve taken it home to S.Florida with me.The service was AMAZING. We walked in and were informed that the wait would be atleast 30 minutes. We considered leaving but decided to just waited out. So glad we did. Once we were seated, we understood why the wait was so long. We began with coffee and a cinnamon bun. The bun was the size of my head... Literally. We devoured it within seconds because it was delicious and perfectly warm.We then ordered breakfast. I dont recall the exact name of my dish, but it was heaven on a plate. It had omelet, with pico de gallo, sour cream, avocado and cheddar cheese. All my favorite things! Probably one of the best breakfast Ive ever had.The food was amazing, but even more amazing was the staff. The place was packed to capacity, but the staff did not seem annoyed or hurried, but rather pleasant and charming.Definitely a great spot to start your day!
4	Busy place but, excellent service and delicious food!!! We had a party of 10. The owner was taking names for the waiting list, he was incredibly kind and courteous. Once we were seated, our waitress quickly came and took our drink orders. Shortly later, she came back to take our food order. The wait time for our food was minimal. The staff was truly courteous and attentive, without being annoying. The food was very good! Will definitely come back. Owner even remembered my name, as we were leaving!
3	The wait time was a little long (45 minutes) but the staff were fairly nice. I figured with the great reviews the food would be the same however unfortunately it was not. I ordered steak and eggs and should've sent the steak back as soon as I noticed it's discoloration upon delivery. Sad to say it was the worst steak I've ever had in my life. My first impulse was to get the country fried steak and by the statement of the gentleman sitting next to me, "This is the best country fried steak I've ever tasted", I should've went with that notion.
5	This place is great! The wait can be a little long, but it's definitely worth it! The food is absolutely fantastic and prices are beyond reasonable. I love the California Omelet.
5	Months after my Las Vegas trip, I still have fond memories of this place and its charming staff. Excellent food at amazing affordable prices. Thank you for the great breakfast and we will return the next time we're in town!
5	We were in town for a week and we were determined to eat breakfast at a great little diner. This was probably the best place we ate at during our stay in a Vegas. There was 4 of us and as soon as we arrived there was a huge group of people waiting to get seated. The gentleman, whom we assume is the owner, greeted us and let us know it would be about a 30 minute wait and asked if we wanted to stay or go somewhere else. We decided to stay and the huge line in front of us dwindled down quickly and we were seated within 20 minutes tops. We got served coffee and it was delicious. The coffee was very smooth and it just tasted like good quality fresh coffee. Each couple ordered the cinnamon bun to share and it was huge. It wasn't the best I ever had but it was very good. I decided on the chicken fried steak with a side of pancakes and it was delicious. The chicken fried steak was nice and crispy and the meat was juicy. The gravy was delicious and had great flavor. The pancakes were amazing, not everyone can impress me with their pancakes but these were perfect. My partner and her friend both got something from the lunch menu while me and my friend got something from the breakfast menu. We all were in heaven and we all agreed that the place was great. The food is great, the service is great. If I ever make it back to Vegas this is where I want to eat at first.
5	Just visited for the first time while in town. Service was awesome. The owner, Nick greets you at the door and thanks you on the way out. All staff in between were friendly and efficient The food was great!  We had pancakes, bacon, French toast, chicken fried steak and Philly cheesesteak. All were generous, fresh and very tasty!  The restaurant was very clean!  Worth the wait!
5	Amazing food! Owned by a Greek family so the hospitality was superb. Above and beyond. Every restaurant should take notes!  Highly recommend if your in Vegas and want to eat great food that's not pricey at all.
5	This is one of the best breakfast places I've been to. A great find just outside of the heart of Vegas. Low prices, wonderful service, and impeccable food. The owner is extremely friendly and sincerely wants his patrons to be happy. I highly recommend Mr. Mama's to anyone who appreciates amazing food and doesn't mind a slightly longer than average wait. Well worth it.
5	Busy but well worth every minute of the wait! Everyone was extremely attentive and friendly! The owner Nick takes a lot of pride in his establishment and ensuring every guest leaves happy. My Greek omelette was one of the best breakfasts I have had ever and my boyfriend loved his chicken fried steak.
4	On our quest for a delicious breakfast before heading home from Las Vegas, my husband and I discovered Mr. Mama's, and we're glad we did!I should start by saying the place is packed. We waited 30 minutes for a table, and word is that the wait is pretty standard...but it's worth it! During the wait, we had a great conversation with the owner, and we quickly saw why people were loyal to this place. He seemed like a really great guy running an honest establishment.When we finally got seated, we realized that the great service is universal at Mr. Mama's -- everyone was friendly, our coffee never ran out, and our food came out quickly. Not to mention, the food was just what we were looking for -- simple diner-style breakfast. It was a perfect end to our Vegas getaway, and we'll definitely be back next time we visit Sin City!
4	I hate walking into a place less than 30 minuets before they close. It feels so disrespectful to the staff. I found myself and a group of friends sheepishly walking into Mr. Mama's about 25 minuets before close. We proceeded to ask if it was okay. There was no one else around and presumably the staff was more than ready to go home. We were about to turn around but the owner was overjoyed and demanded that we stay because he is here to serve us. He made us feel very welcome, and genuinely happy to have us come in. We sat down at our table, the only one taken in the place, and got out orders taken. The breakfast menu is huge and made it quite a challenge to make a quick decision. We got some omelets, chicken fried steak, and cinnamon roles mostly because of the yelp recommendations. The cinnamon roles were godly. The frosting seemed to be home made and very thick. Omelets were delish, and all of the breakfast side fixings were perfectly prepared. My chicken fried steak wasn't all that extra special. I couldn't finish all of it because there was so much breading on it, that my mouth and stomach was a little overwhelmed. Regardless we were so happy to have eaten here for brunch. Made our bellies happy after a long Vegas night. Next time I stay on the strip I bet I come back here, just hopefully a little earlier in the day!
5	Great service they seemed to care for the hungry customer,  supper yummy breakfast my kids loved the french toast and i loved the clam chowder soup delicious i totally recommend this restaurant
5	We had basically everything on the breakfast menu and it was all delicious. The pancakes were so fluffy, the eggs were absolutely perfect, the cinnamon roll was gone in seconds. We were seated fairly quickly for a group of 5. Our food came really quickly. We were in and out in about 45 minutes which was good. They do get busy though so be prepared. But the wait is well worth it.
5	Three things to say about this place. AMAZING SERVICE great food And excellent price. I loved the service from the minute I walked in to the minute I walked out. Nick really knows how to take care of his customers and not to mention how friendly and nice his daughter was helping me with my order.  Being a first timer there looking for a quick and delish breakfast before heading back to Cali this was definitely a great choice. Will definitely be returning for moreOh and the breakfast burrito and pancakes are delicious ! Not to mention how great their Cinnamon roll is
5	Great food, great service! There's a bit of a wait, but that's probly because of the holiday season and the influx of tourists. We ordered the Mama's Burger, the spanish omelette, french toast, pancakes, and the cinnamon roll, all of which were served in large portions. The food was delicious and came with a loq price. Looking forward to coming again!
5	Very good breakfast.  Our whole family enjoyed it.  Owner was very friendly.  Excellent service.
2	We split the Western omelette. I really really wanted to like this place but sadly I just can't make it something that it wasn't. The omelette had about 5-6 small cubes of sausage and bits of mushrooms but mostly egg and green onion. The home fries were basically flat wafers of potatoes and were kind of rubbery. We ordered a side of home fries for 2.50 and honestly the side and what came with the food still didn't quite make up a great serving. People rave about the amount of food but I am but sure why. The omelette was supposed to be 4 eggs but there is NO WAY that was the case. So about that coffee. I could tell when I saw the waitress pour it and I could see through it like water that it was a problem. Very disappointing. Fortunately I was so cold that it just was nice to have a hot  beverage. Service was very accommodating and friendly.Sorry Mama but this time you struck out.
5	Great service and great food. Very busy and small restaurant but the service is top notch and they get you in quickly and food came out pretty fast.
5	Delicious! Great customer service, the owner is very nice!!! Speaks to everyone who comes in
5	Only good thing to say about this place, I love the food I love the people and I will be back every time I visit Vegas
5	Everything was excellent as always. The owner meets you at the door to welcome you to Mr Mamas. His staff is knowledgable, friendly and efficient. The food is well prepared and tasty. The pancakes are huge and the cinnamon roll is great to order and share as a breakfast appetizer. We plan to visit here every time we are in Las Vegas. Yum!
5	My wife and I came back to Vegas for New Years 2014 and the first place we said we were going to eat at was Mr. Mama's.Well New Years day they were closed so we were sad but we found another great place if it happens again. We came the next day Jan 2nd and had breakfast with the kids and they were amazed at the cinnamon roll. They ordered their food and said yummy.We left a tip for the Kitchen and of course our waitress got a nice tip. Food was hot fast and fresh.Now on Saturday the 3rd we came back again and had same table and waitress. We ate and had a great time again and left tips for all the help. Trust me you will not be disappointed with service. We counted and had four if not five different people ask if we needed anything or cleared plates quickly.They will be moving about a mile up Russell Road in a week or two. I hope address changes on yelp so I can visit them when I come back to watch the Super Bowl at the end of Jan.  I would miss my chance to being a regular.
1	Everything was great. Except we got service by this waitress named Jacqui who was just plainly rude. She made faces when we were trying to understand confusing menu. We have been coming here regularly for past few trips but after this level of service I will never recommend anyone to visit this place again. Jacquis manager should have a word with her about getting that smirk of her ugly face.We ordered omlet with no meat. One time it came with ham. They took it back to redo it and next time we found sausage in it. Seeingly uneducatef kitchen staff also seem upset rather than apologetic for their mistake. WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!
4	I had the Greek omlete here on my first time.  We were immediately greeted and told the wait would be 25 mins or so...we waited maybe 15 minutes and were seated. The omlete was to die for, my boyfriend had the biscuits and gravy. The waitress told us that their gravy is made with sausage and bacon and a bit of maple syrup,  but we didn't think it was going to be gravy with massive chunks of sausage in it; but other than the big chunks of sausage in the gravy, we have no complaints.  Will definitely be coming back!
5	Really Great customer service! And food was out in a timely manner.  We heard their french toast and Cali omelet were the best here.  They weren't lying. Everything was good. Definitely will come back next time I'm in Vegas
5	Came here cuz a friend recommended mr.mama's..so happy she did...food is great..service is fabulous..and price is affordable..what else do you want...next time we are in vegas definitely will be coming here again
5	Service was great, food was good, floor was slippery! Not sure why but be careful when walking you don't want to be the person the eats it. The manager/owner dude is on top of it, he will not seat your party until you are all there. The serving staff is a bunch of young wholesome looking girls and smelly guys. Everyone says hi when you come in, and goodbye have nice day when you leave. The only bummer was that the cinnamon rolls are gone by 11am if they last that long. Our party was 6ppl we ordered chicken stripes and fries 8/10, chicken fried steak 9/10, pancakes eggs sausage 9/10, cheese burger 9/10, Cali omelette 10/10, French toast 9/10. Everybody was happy with what they got, I believe our server was Cathy she didn't miss a beat we always had refills when we needed them. We will be back next time we are Vegas.
5	On this trip to Vegas we made it a point to venture off the strip and find some awesome eating establishments that were considered "local gems". Then I found Mr. Mama on Yelp. We headed over for breakfast before heading to Red Canyon...there was a 30 minute wait, but if this place is THAT packed and people are waiting with no problem (and they have over 1,000 reviews...) we knew it'd be worth the wait.I'm still pretty blown away by how good it actually was. You know the feeling...you read the reviews...you see the photos...you over hype a place in your mind so much so that when you actually eat there it's a let down. Well, not here. Mr. Mama delivered! First, we have to start with the hostess - who is Mr. Mama's daughter. She greeted everyone with a smile. Handled the list like a pro. Bussed tables. Sat people. Even helped bring out plates. We had to tell her at the end of the meal how awesome she was - I really meant it. That place runs like clockwork mainly because of her. She made it a point to say her dad taught her - love family run businesses!Ok, so on to the food.Giant Cinnamon Roll - fluffy, gooey, sweet, delicious. WHOA! Get this. Mind you it really IS MASSIVE...so share it. But man, this was hands down the best cinnamon roll I've ever had. *come to think of it, it was the only homemade cinnamon roll I have ever had, but still....get it!Choice of meat and eggs - 2 eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and toast. $6.75. WHAT? First of all, it was delicious - BUT THAT PRICE THOUGH!?!?! It's crazy they can make a profit on it. The hashbrowns were great. Eggs are eggs...and the bacon was thick and crispy! It was quality food...at a super discounted price!The wife had the Cali omelet (minus the sausage) - I took a bite and it was delicious as well.The coffee they serve was also really good. They bring little french vanilla creamers which might not impress most people, but I thought it was a super nice touch.Overall, we left stuffed and only spent ~$25. If we lived in Vegas I'd be the DUKE of this place, I have no doubt about it. If you're in town visiting and looking for a great meal on the cheap...hit it up! As for you locals....I envy you.
5	I have no idea why I haven't written a review for this amazing place, I've been going here for almost a year and it is for sure my absolute place to get breakfast or brunch. The atmosphere here is lovely, filled with amazing staff and friendly strangers. I'm always in a good mood whenever I step a foot into this place. I get the French toast and I request for extra powdered sugar and they, I kid you not packed on that sugar exactly how I like. Something that is a MUST try is their famous cinnamon roll. It is incredibly soft and taste even better paired with coffee or milk. Highly recommended place, I always recommend it to my friends and they absolutely love it.
5	I drove all the way from San Diego California to have a great breakfast experience. And I got exactly what I got here. So for all of you tourist wasting your hard earned money on the strip, you gotta support the local community. You won't regret it. The omelette is fantastic and the oversized French toast is the bomb. Now I will get off my pulpit. So get over here for a great breakfast and some super quick service.
5	Fantastic service and attention to detail. Omelette and French toast very good and enjoyable.  The staff goes out of their way to make sure your meal, and coffee cup is always full. A great find in the strip mall.
4	5 star for customer service and 4 star for food.  This place could have served poop, and still would earn a 5 star for customer service.  They make complete strangers feel at home. Service was great, attention to detail, and able to meet your dietary needs.   Like who does that? We were a group of 5 and all shared 2 enormous cinnamon rolls that could kinda sorta give you diabetes on the spot...LOL! 2 ordered French toast and would not stop talking about how good it was.  It's a short drive from the strip, but who cares. Food is amazing, but more amazing is the comfort in which you are received.
