5	My husband and I came from Boston to visit his parents and we decided to go for dinner nearby and we ended up here. Our server was Lesley and she was super sweet and very helpful. She explained everything on the menu and all her suggestions made our dinner even better.We ordered the wild mushroom flat bread, Toro burger, the Panna Cota as the desert and espresso and a cappuccino to end the night. To say this place is amazing is an understatement. We ended up going out tonight for our last night in Arizona and taking my in-laws here for dinner. They ended up loving this place and kept on thanking us throughout the night for bringing them here. So, if you love amazing food, good customer service, great ambiance and a place to impress your in-laws, this is the place to go. I promise it will not disappoint. I loved this place so much that I decided to write my first review on Yelp about it.To be honest, I was a bit lazy before about posting, but this place was definitely worth it.
5	Hello! ...Second Yelp reviewer here and they are not even 'officially' open yet!! If this was the 2nd week of their soft opening....WOW!...how can this be improved upon? Our entire dining experience was fabulous. What does Scottsdale, AZ have in common with Dubai and Hong Kong? TORO.  We are staying at the Fairmont Princess so you can catch the complimentary Mercedes shuttle from the main portico at the hotel...it's only a mile or less to the restaurant. It's Asian + South American fusion. And it rocks! Sushi + ceviche? Sashimi and lomo saltado? Why not?   As we perused the menu, we had a lovely visit from the Rum Princess (love that they have a Rum Princess in lieu of a sommelier) to help us navigate the extensive spirits selection. Rather than narrow our choice down to two mains, we ordered five small plates/apps and ALL were terrific.After ordering, a couple of warm, fabulous, cheesy rustic rolls appeared with a light and bright tomato/onion ...then to find out it is GLUTEN FREE, made with yuca flour - very HAPPY!!  We tried the hamachi toradito, lamb skewers, angry tuna roll, short rib flatbread and the steak tartare. Now, if we were forced at gunpoint only to choose three of those again, we'd say that you CANNOT MISS the lamb skewers, steak tartare, and angry tuna roll. Huh? Yep. A sushi roll, and grilled skewer and a classically french dish...all at the same restaurant and all are standouts.  Nah - we'd probably just take the risk of the bullet and order them all again. The flatbread with the pulled pork rib meat, manchego cheese, horseradish cream, caramelized onions...yum! The hamachi with sriracha...everything is better with sriracha. GF? - you are in GREAT shape here. Tons of choices. Vegans, pescatarians, frugans, paleos, carnivores, finicky kids...I think you've found a happy place. There is something here for everyone and that includes foodies alike.   A wonderful Martin Codex albarino topped it all off...absolutely perfect. Here we are, ranting and raving about the food because that is the point of dining out - you do not notice the service because it was spot on and the ambiance (center bar with tv's for those wandering sports fans' eyes) was very complementary.      TIP: Food production was FAST. If ordering multiple small plates, order in waves so that they do not all arrive at once...or let your server know to stagger the order. Great job, all you peeps at Toro! Good luck on your grand opening!!
3	I note at the time of this review this restaurant is newly opened and still might be working things on the menu out.First of all maybe the most useful information needed is that you must use the address posted on Yelp and not the Fairmont Princess Address posted on the Toro Website or you will be in a mess and will have to use the Fairmont Shuttle Bus that may or may not be running to get to the Toro Restaurant and Rum Bar.When we finally found this restaurant sort of hidden in the Fairmont Golf Course we found that it didn't have a sign. You will know your in the right place when you see the bottles of rum and restaurant tables.The interior of the restaurant is very slick and modern with a big sushi/ceviche bar in the middle of the room.  We decided to sit on the patio with lovely views of the golf course and the McDowel Mountain Range.The menu is Pan Latin Cuisine. We were told the menu is mostly Peruvian with flavors but blended with Asian too. This restaurant features a rum bar but I didn't partake in alcohol and had Iced Tea and water instead. The restaurant could use more filtration as the water had an off taste I didn't like.We started with the Angry Tuna Roll. It was made with quality Tuna that was delicious. I liked that they dotted each piece with actual wasabi sauce. The tuna really was spicy and the rolls sat on some sort of Thai Chili Sauce. The Angry Tuna Roll was really very good. For me what wasn't as well received as the Tuna Roll was the Chicken Soup (Caldo De Pollo). It was presented to us as cold pulled chicken in a bowl with some rice and a little bit of something like pico and a little pitcher of warm water laced with a little bit of chicken flavor that you pour on. This soup was very weak in flavor. TO BE FAIR as possible I do think maybe the soup might have had more flavor if the liquid was hot enough to bloom whatever was in the bowl and maybe you might get a better tasting soup than I got. The waiter asked us how it was when we were finished with it and my husband told the waiter the soup was very bland. The waiter thanked us for the imput.We also shared the Lomo Sactado. It was delicious and made with Medium Rare  (almost too close to rare for me) Tenderloin and Crispy Fries as promised. It was really a very tasty Stir Fry in a Soy Jus. The tomatoes and onions just tied it together. I do think they should ask you how you want the meat cooked in this dish. I'm OK on a tenderloin with M/R but not everyone is.The kitchen was very good about splitting our plates for us.I really want to give this new place 3.5 stars but if I have to decide between 3 and 4 I'm closer to three stars on this one mostly because of the Weak Chicken Soup, the very high prices on the iced tea and soda ($5.or a small glass of soda) and the rest already mentioned.3.5 stars
5	So good!I had lunch here and the food was great. The restaurant is beautiful and the views of the golf course are lovely!We started with a couple of sushi rolls. The Seared Salmon roll was smokey goodness (avocado, crab, masago, tamago and bonito flake)! We also had the Angry Tuna (chipotle rouille, spicy tuna, cucumber, avocado and sesame) which was really great too. Everything was very fresh and beautifully presented. (I love the metal chopsticks)For our mains we ordered salads. I had the Toro Chopped Salad and added chicken. This salad is good! They mix in chayote, fava beans, queso fresco, lots of panchetta, roasted corn and tortilla strips.This is a fantastic restaurant in north Scottsdale if you are looking for great food and beautiful views.
4	Have been a long time customer of the TPC Grill so was anxious to try out the new Latin concept.  Richie Sandoval's menu is delicious and unique.  Everything we had at lunch was great.  Wonderful salads and sandwiches.  Even the ketchup is different. As always the golf course and mountain views are beautiful.  Only thing that keeps me from giving the place 5 stars has nothing to do with the food.  I can't wait to try all the different entrees.  It is the staff that needs a little fine tuning.  Hostess seemed in the dark as to the style of food.  No offer of a dessert menu, water glasses not refilled. Maybe the staff just  needs a little more training.  I will tell all my friends about the new menu.  Great job Senor Sandoval.
5	Looking for new seafood restaurant to try, and this one came up on yelp.It is located inside the TPC club house.  The view from the restaurant is beautiful, especially now, a little over month away from the PGA tournament, the green was at the perfect condition.Service was great. We had our server, but there were two other servers helped us with bringing food and refilling drinks.I had artichoke Atlantic salmon lunch. Salmon was very thick and juicy.  Sauce they poured on top complimented the salmon and mushrooms.They used really good quality salmon and I enjoyed every bite of it.They offered three different desert the day I went. I decided to try their vanilla pudding.  It was overly sweet, and fresh fruit mixed well with the pudding.Espresso was really good as well. It complemented the desert and was nice way to end a great lunch.Since the view was very nice, I would like to come back for early dinner during sunset.
2	Meh.... Had the oysters to start and they were gritty and not shucked properly... Moved on to the lamb kabobs and were not at all expected..... Thought would be chucks of lamb instead was a slab lamb pop wrapped on a stick ... Tasted ok but expected different and expected better.... However.... The fried rice was Awsome!
1	Had a reservation on Christmas Eve.  We got there a little early and were seated promptly.  The menu items looked good, but unfortunately nobody would take our order.  After 20 minutes, we got up and left.
5	This place is top notch. The sushi was excellent as was the service. Great upscale atmosphere and bar. This place isn't just for golfers. It's worth a night out.
5	Great ambiance, plenty of good rums in menu. Wine list wad very good too I love my food, had two appetizers. Love the music they play  I will be back. Did I say the service was spot on?
