5	My experience working with Scott is one of complete success. We had him replace all the shower heads and controllers in three bathrooms. My sons call he the "Bootie Man" because Scott insists on wearing foot booties while in the house. We highly recommend him for most any job. Thanks Scott
5	After months dealing with leaky bathtub spouts and a pipe under my kitchen sink I decided to call a plumber. After searching for one close to home I came across EZ Flow Plumbing. I read the reviews and checked out their website. I was impressed with the "A" rating from the Better Business Bureau so I gave them a call. Scott was very honest up front with the work I needed and the price; unfortunately. He was neat and didn't take too long considering what needed to be done. I definitely would use them again!
5	I recently had a plumbing issue come up at my office, and I found EZ Flow Plumbing on Yelp. Scott was very friendly and professional to deal with.  He came out and dealt with our problem quickly.  I appreciated the fact that he was dressed well, as he had to be in the office around our clients. We will definitely call him again with our plumbing needs. A real quality company!
5	Had a plumbing disaster from a hot water pipe that broke in our concrete foundation. Steve at EZ Flow quickly came out and estimated the cost lower than anticipated. EZ Flow Plumbing is very trustworthy and I would definitely recommend this business to anyone that needs an honest/reliable plumber.
5	Scott  was great to work with. He responded quickly to my hot water heater leak and was very upfront and honest about his pricing. I would highly recommend EZ Flow to anyone in need of a plumber.
5	I was so impressed with Scott! He was kind enough to come help me change out some old water valves under our sinks, even though he already had another scheduled appointment. He was there in less than 10 minutes and in less than hour, the job was done. Great, great service and a quality job. Will definitely use EZ Flow again.
5	I had an overall great experience with Scott installing my RO system. Very reasonable quote that was actually what I paid, no hidden fees or up selling other services. He was running late the day of my appointment, but called me ahead of time to give a heads up of when he'd be by. I completely agree that Scott is very nice, professional, and conscientious with his work. Within a couple of hours, he put in my RO, and even fixed a broke garbage disposal pipe and looked at a misbehaving toilet while he was here. He cleaned up everything, and besides the new RO faucet I could barely tell he was in my kitchen. Will definitely call again if I need more work done. Highly recommended!
5	I had a very good experience with EZ Flow Plumbing.  I had a shower/tub that had no hot water, and although the problem was not critical he was still able to come out promptly to look at it.  He was very prompt, professional, courteous, and competent.  He identified the problem, obtained the parts, and returned and had it fixed a few days later.  And the best part, is that he did it at a very reasonable price.  I am sure I would have paid a lot more with another plumber, and certainly not gotten any more professional or competent service than with EZ Flow.  Altogether, an outstanding experience and I will definitely be using him again with any future plumbing problems.
5	Awesome service, nice guy, beautiful work! When the only advice I could get from other people was "don't use X company", I turned to Yelp and found EZ Flow and am happy to have found someone I can recommend to others! You have a customer for life!
5	As a result of the great reviews on Yelp, I chose to go with Scott from EZ Flow Plumbing for some work in a condo.  Work included: Installing tub spouts and drains, installing shower heads, changing the drain on the kitchen sink, etc.  Pretty standard no frills stuff.The work he did on those items was efficient and exactly as expected.  What really impressed me was when I asked him to install a pan and drain line off the hot water heater, he first checked the age of the water heater and advised I reconsider that since the work needed to do so (draining the water heater, etc) and cost associated to do so would be better spent on a new water heater, not that he was saying I needed one, but just that the age of my existing water heater was getting up there and may not make this effort worthwhile when a pan and drain could be installed on the next water heater at a fraction of the price.  Mr. Plumber, you want to save me money?  um, ok.Scott had noticed the garbage disposal had some cracks in it when he changed the sink drain and drew my attention to it.  As a result of the money saved elsewhere and the obvious good nature of this guy, I asked him to replace it.  He drove to get one since it wasn't in the original scope of work, and did not charge me any extra for the change in plans since the new work was about the same as the old work we decided not to do.On another day, when an unrelated pipe in a very different wall began to leak, Scott was unavailable, but he made every effort to get another plumber he trusted to come out and help.This is a great plumber! Rest easy when you go EZ.
5	Awesome job done by Scott from EZ Flow Plumbing! I am glad I found him on YELP to get a repair done.  Highly Recommend!
5	I've had Scott do a couple jobs for me recently. The first was installing a Toto toilet that is much more difficult than a standard toilet install. His quote was right in line with other plumbers I called, and he took the time to read through the instructions before beginning work -- and the install was perfect.The second job was installing a sink and new disposal, and it looks immaculate. My wife had put down vinyl mats under the sink, and he actually took them out, cleaned underneath, and then put them back in place. I can say with confidence that you can trust Scott to provide a reasonable estimate and (more importantly) do clean and professional work for you.
5	We've had Scott out a couple times and he is great. Highly recommend him for small projects and repairs. His prices are reasonable and his quality is top notch.
5	Superb job done by Scott to fix water leak in bathroom shower faucetI reviewed yelp's high rating for his business and his performance exceeded my expectationsI highly recommend his services to anyoneThank you very much ScottFrom kim and sunny
5	Scott is very responsive, honest, and skillful at his trade.  A true professional.  I will call him first for all my plumbing needs.
5	I've had Scott work on plumbing issues at my house twice.  Whether it's installation of a water purification system or addressing a plumbing problem, Scott is attentive, works quickly, and most important, gets the job done right the first time. Normally, you pay a premium for more effective, efficient service.  Scott's quotes are often at, or a bit below, market rates...which is a bonus.  Will use again for any plumbing issue, and have recommended Scott to others.
5	Scott came out and added a new drain line for a second sink for my kitchen remodel plus he installed new plumbing for my main kitchen sink.   He did excellent work at a reasonable price and was available in a reasonable time frame.
5	Needed a plumber right away as we discovered our Hot Water tank was leaking in our garage. Did some research and came across EZ Flow and all the fantastic reviews about their service, so I decided to give them a try. And as expected service was wonderful. The owner Scott called me back within an hour of leaving a message and scheduled me for same day service. He ended up coming an hour early (which was even better), discovered our Hot water tank which was almost 8 years old needed replaced. He quoted us a very fair, reasonable price and did the work right away. He hauled away our old hot water tank, installed a new one as well as a few other recommended items and we couldn't have been more happier with the service received.
5	There is a very good reason why you do not see any bad reviews for this company.....they are very very good.Mark showed up right on time and this was not a surprise since Scott had called to tell me he would.I called them over to fix a couple of issues in my home. One of the issues turned into something more complicated. It and the other issue were dealt with promptly. If I have another Plumming issue I would only consider EZ Flow.Thank you Scott and Mark.
5	Great service and they came within the window they said they would. Mark was easy to describe my problems to and he finished the work in short order. We're sure to use them again.
5	I will be referring EZ Flow Plumbing to all my neighbors. Mark did a great job installing my new hot water heater. If I have any other plumbing issues I'm calling Mark at EZ Flow.
5	Needed a gas dryer disconnected and a new one hooked up.  It's not a tough job, but you don't mess with gas unless you are really brave.  I'm only a bit brave, apparently!  And I kinda like our house and don't want to blow it up.  Saw that this company got positive reviews on yelp, so I called on a Tue and they sent someone out the next day.  They called me to let me know they had a cancellation and asked if they could come earlier than the schedule time, which worked great.  Service guy was super friendly and did a good job.  I used the $30 off coupon from yelp and the price was $117 for this job, which I think is slightly high, but based on the quick service and efficiency, I would recommend them.
5	I woke up to a backed up sewage line.  I called five companies and EZ Flow was the first to respond.  They told me 10AM and JD arrived at 9:45AM.  The clog was fixed in less than 30 minutes.  Since they were already out, I had them replace the cartridges behind the shower handles.  I have an older house with 'questionable plumbing' and obsolete components.  JD did an excellent job of explaining the issues to me in advance so that I wasn't surprised by the pricing.  Based on previous experiences with plumbers, I think that their pricing is very fair and reasonable.On a different note, they also email you a notice with the name and picture of their plumber who is going to come out.  While I personally don't care, this makes me feel much safer if my wife needed to handle this while I was out of town.
2	I called EZ-Flow plumbing to get a toilet fixed and drain pipe in bathroom sink to be replaced. I asked the plumber to not come before 4pm. They said no problem, after 4pm we will be there. The day of service he called at 3:35 and said he was outside. For the sink he looked at it and said, "That's a lot of work." He then proceeded to tell me they would need to rip the sink off the wall and that I would need to hire a handyman to repair the wall. I told him to forget about the sink to look at the bathroom toilet. He looked at the toilet and said this needs to be completely rebuilt. The plumber then proceeded to tell me the parts I had were crap and he would need all new parts. After going back to his truck for 10 minutes to look at "his book" for pricing he came back and quoted me $227.31 to fix ONE toilet. I told him I can go to home depot and get a new one for less. He left and emailed me a quote. The plumber that came to my house had zero customer service skills. The next day I figured out how to fix the toilet after buying a $19.99 fixing kit at home depot. Before approving this company to do work at your house, research, review and see if you could do it for $19.99 instead of $227.31!
5	Found a water leak early in the morning at the toilet shutoff valve.  I called Scott and he had JD out to my house in about an hour.  EZFLOW uses a text and email service to notify you when the technician is en route.  JD arrived and was very friendly.  He explained what needed to be done and how everything worked.  Price was fair and competitive to others I've seen.  After he completed the job, JD and I talked about my old water heater and he took the time to answer all my questions.  I would definitely recommend EZFLOW Plumbing to my friends and family.  I will definitely use them again and have them install a new water heater for my home.  Thanks Scott and JD for the great service today! You made a customer for life.
3	The overall experience with EZ Flow Plumbing was great - from the first phone call, the tech that showed up on time and was friendly, and the customer service in general.  The reason I give 3-stars is their prices were really high for the job that I needed done.  My kitchen sink needed unclogged and my quote was $280 (basically for them to professionally "snake" the drain).  I really appreciated their time and friendliness but that seemed way off the mark.  I had another company come out and do the same job for $59, with no issues, just as friendly and professional, and the sink works perfectly now.  I would say if price isn't your concern EZ Flow has a great thing going, but otherwise get a few estimates.
5	Any time I need some work done on my personal property or one of my rentals, I email EZ flow.  Its really convenient to be able to just send an email, get a quick response, and it gets taken care of without further effort on my part.  They send me a text and an email letting me know the plumber's name and that they are on their way with an estimated time of arrival.  Their pricing is more on the higher end, but I believe it is worth it.
5	I called Scott at EZ Flow Plumbing after reading the excellent reviews in yelp and was very glad I did. Just moving into a new house with terrible water. So bad I wouldn't even let my dogs drink it. Scott went over all my options and I selected my system of choice for clean, fresh tasting water. Mark arrived on time, installed the system and within hours I had all the pure drinking water I needed--from every tap in the house.The install took a bit longer than expected and I had to leave for another appointment, but felt totally comfortable with Mark finishing up the install in my absence. When I returned home the system was completed and everything working as expected. EZ Flow Pluming even has a very cool payment processing system and notification system so that you know when to expect their plumber.Mark was very professional, friendly and efficient. Thanks to Mark, Scott and the EZ Flow Plumbing team, I now have clear, drinkable water!!
5	We've been using EZ Flow Plumbing for almost 5 years now. We first used them when we purchased our home and gutted it. The kitchen was down to nothing but concrete slab and walls.Scott came in and dug a trench from one end of the kitchen to the other because we wanted the sink to be on the opposite side of where it currently was. They've replaced our hot water heater when it flooded our garage, and just recently, J.D. came out and helped us out when our front yard was flooded. I'm sure they don't have to go into as much detail with my husband, but plumbing talk is a foreign language to me, and they're really kind and patient with explaining things to me and even writing down what they're doing and why so I don't forget. We will never go to anyone else, and are loyal customers for life!
2	The Techs and the owner are friendly, but the cost is way too expensive.I have them come to the house and quote me to replace a vaccum breaker and faucet out side of the house.  They quoted the labor being about $450.  Something like $350 (labor) to replace Vacuum breaker and $140 (labor) to replace the faucet.   All the work will be done in same trip.I rejected the quote and got another contractor in and job is done within 55 Min.  Cost =$120.   You be the judge.
5	One of your technician Mark came and he did a remarkable job. We were shock about the estimate but we thought it's time anyway to get all kitchen and bathroom repairs done. So we decided to take the estimate. Now our house is worry free since all plumbing concern were repaired and upgraded! There were some warranty disclosure and I need to read them asap. Thank you.
1	I AGREE with g bb they hit me with a $300 bill for a leaky bathtub drip....it was fixed in like 10 minutes
5	We were very thrilled with the service Mark provided us. He was on time, very friendly, informative and honest. He made us feel comfortable with the decision to go with EZ flow! Thanks for quick response and great service.To add to onsite service...the all around service the company provides is A+. They communicate well by sending a prep email and a follow up email asking for feedback. Are polite on the phone and gave us a good price. Companies like this are hard to find these days.
5	I'm in a rental house and turned the outside water on and it wouldn't shut off completely.  I called EZ Flow Plumbing and they came out right away.  Scott explained what he was doing, other issues he observed, replaced the facet,  Their system use of text, phone, and email was impressive as well as the price and their work!  I highly recommend this company in the Chandler, AZ area.  Thanks EZ FLOW PLUMBING!
5	Great service from Scott!  A water heater in a rental property broke and he was able to get there the next day.  He also fixed a toilet issue  He was able to service our water heater the day after that and installed some extra values on our sink for easy water shut-off.He was kind, courteous and pleasant which is unusual for service people.  He kept me updated about what was going on and how much things would cost.  My home can be a bit difficult to find and I warned him about that - he actually looked at a map BEFORE getting on the road and called me with questions.  Payment was a breeze and receipts are emailed almost immediately.  Prices seem fair and reasonable although I don't know the first thing about plumbing and what things cost.  I always appreciate hassle-free service experiences and this is definitely one of them!
4	We went through a lot of aggravation trying to figure out why we were not getting hot water in our house. We had the owner of the company that manufactured our solar water heater come out and look at our system who stated it was running fine and that we had a plumbing issue. We then contacted two separate plumbers who stated it was a water heater issue. So, we again called the owner of the solar water heater who just reiterated what he previously stated that it was a plumbing issue we needed to get resolved.At this point we were back to square one and going on our third week of NO hot water. So my boyfriend reached out to EZ Flow Plumbing. When Mark arrived he knew exactly what the plumbing issue was and had it fixed in less than 15 minutes. He was courteous and professional. My only complaint was the price. It was quite high for the amount of time he spent working.In the future if I have any plumbing issues I am torn if I will use them again. For one, I did not get any type of warranty in writing guaranteeing the work they did or part that was replaced and secondly, the price was so high. I do appreciate that after weeks of back and forth with other companies we finally have hot water again!
4	I had EZ Flow Plumbing out for  RO and a soft water system installation awhile back and was very happy with their work. Keep in mind they were not the cheapest but they were price in middle and dependable. My water heater went this month and needed a replacement water heater and EZ Flow was there same day service and replace the water which was 10 yrs old.Remember people you get what you pay for I've always found EZ Flow very reasonable in price, and the service is AAA+ quality.
