5	I only discovered Sonic about a year ago, my boyfriend introduced it to me. I was missing out on Sonic for all that time! Hands down one of the best fast food places around. The menu is large and everything I have tried is delicious, even their dollar menu burgers are very tasty and good for a small meal or to fill up on their amazing onion rings or mozzarella sticks. Everything is SO reasonably priced! My favorite order has to the be the Bacon Cheeseburger Toaster meal with a Watermelon Slush and Tots (instead of fries). YUM!! I also find that when the Vegas heat is at its most brutal, a Route 66 fruit slush is the perfect thing to cool down on. It's 66 ounces of cold, sweet goodness. I must point out the Sonic Blast. You can get the Junior Candy Sundae size for $1, or a regular sized one. It is so good, but let it be known that the regular size is so filing it's like a meal just in itself.This particular Sonic always has good service as well. Quick, accurate orders with friendly workers. Sonic also has happy hour EVERYday 2-4pm where drinks are half off. One thing I like is that you can take it to go, eat in your car, or also eat outside on benches in front of the establishment. If you haven't tried Sonic, it's time.
1	Me and my families first time was last Saturday, about 5 pm.  All we ordered were soft drinks and mozerella sticks.  The wait was very long.  But what was more frustrating was the were jumping cars and giving them there orders before us!!!!!!  I asked the kid why did it take so long?  And he said there are short of staff and they have new employees, well which is it?  But for as far as the food, it was awful.  I will never go back to this company at all.
3	I've come here on a few occasions, usually because I'm on my way home and in a hurry to get something on the super quick. In terms of other options that I have on my route, there's also a KFC and a Taco Bell, so...I want to like Sonic. I like their commercials, I like their cool drinks, and I like their concept. But I can't get behind this place 100%. Nothing here is exceptionally good, I usually have to wait a long time, and the prices aren't even super low. I'll continue coming here every now and then, but I'll never do it over In N Out.
3	TLDR: roller skating carhops; drive-thru open late; iffy service; happy hour availableSonic Drive-Ins pride themselves on providing an enriching experience with every visit. I think they miss the bar at this location. The food and drinks are standard and came out as expected. I always try to make an effort to attend during happy hour and get a Route 44 strawberry limeade or lemon berry slush paired with a corn dog as a midday pick-me-up. The service was...interesting. I was greeted by an individual with cornrows who appeared to be bothered by the day. Maybe it's the heat, or the other customers, but she needed to wash her face because she got that dirty look on there and it definitely was not intended for me. Additionally, I'm gonna need these carhops to calm down. I almost hit one with my car as they zoomed by in the crosswalk. I hope they don't get hit. All-in-all an okay experience. I rate it between 3/3.5 stars. I would return if in the area.
5	Love the deserts here. And the food isn't half way to bad. Service is prompt. Just double check your order before leaving if it's a big order because they sometimes will forget something in that order
1	We pull up, about 9:30 pm. We pulled up into a stall. When we were ready to order, we were told the stalls were closed for the night,  ok cool.. we go to the drive thru , one car ahead of us . We ordered an all American dog,  lg. Chili cheeze tots , and a sonic burger. .. we waited 14 mins.  the lady acted clueless when we gave her our order. Our chili cheese tots came in a lg coney box and was only filled half way. No seriously,  half the box was empty. And the burger was cold. Only thing that was good was the rt.44 ocean water.   Thanks YULIANA  and crew I'll go to another sonic from now on. It looks like yall ate half our food. For real
4	The sonic here makes an awesome milkshake. Fast food milkshakes are hit or miss but they've been hits here. The problem is, it's 10:22 PM and I've been sitting here in the drive thru for the past 20 minutes. The good news, coconut cream pie shake is delicious. Be patience or leave, your call.
