3	This place has the Eye Profiler, which is supposed to read your Eye Precription closer then any Doctor can !  I was referred to this Doctor, by a friend, the contacts I was interested in are Synergeyes, which help with my Astigmatism ! I paid $10.00 plus $150.00, just to get a prescription for these contacts, I will need to go back for another appointment, that will take an 1hour and a half, to get a fitting for these contacts, which will cost $345.00, this is with 20% off, with Insurance, I also wanted to find out a price for Eyeglasses, I was looking at Designer glasses, I thought their prices were on the high side, will probably not buy Eyeglasses from here, but will get my Contacts from here, with these Contacts I will not need readers, which is a big Plus for work !  The Staff is very Friendly !
4	Acuity is a clean, professional, smooth running Eye Center, I have been coming here for the last 4 yrs and have no complaints. I love how their appointment system runs, they email me after I set the appt to verify then call me 2 days ahead to remind me, and as busy as life gets I appreciate that. Dr. Heather Betsko is very knowledgable, friendly and listens, explains in english so I understand what is needed for me.
5	They did not know me from Adam, but they treated me like i have been going there for years. I have never experienced great service like that. I loved the attention and care they gave me from start to finish. The assistant that preformed most of the tests was very kind and considerate. Another staff member made suggestions about my eye wear selection based on the types of glasses i continued to try on (without me prompting him). The thing that really made me want to come back was the Doctor.  I have a unusual eye disease that I go to a retina specialist to address. The doctor wanted to take expensive pictures of my eyes at no cost to me. She stated she wanted to monitor the progress of the disease next time I came in. WOW!  I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND them to anyone! The environment is so inviting... if I didn't like my current job so much.... I would of asked if they were hiring :)
5	Very Friendly and patient staff. They also have the most Advanced technology which makes things run smoothly and faster. First Impression as I walked in: Clean, organized, friendly and educated .. Thank you for a pleasant visit.
5	I have been a patient of the office for 4-5 years now, and have had great service every year.  The office is clean and well run, and Dr. Betsko and her staff are extremely efficient!  There is never a wait, and prices are reasonable for cash paying patients like myself.  A couple of years ago I had some issues with my contacts, and Dr. Betsko saw me multiple times in a week time period to help resolve the issue (which turned out to be an allergy to the product).   During my last visit Johna helped me select some new glasses, which I absolutely love!  I always recommend the office to anyone looking for eye care in the area, and everyone always comments on having a similar experience to mine.They recently started with a text message reminder system that reminds you about upcoming appointments and also let you know when your glasses/contacts are in.  Handy for a busy person like myself!
3	Pretty well rounded office. Good selection on glasses, helpful/knowledgeable staff, minimal wait times, great parking, great doctor.
5	I have a pair of vintage Ray Ban sunglasses that were much too loose and would fall off. My wife suggested taking them to Acuity Eye Center since she had gotten eyeglasses there and was happy with their service. Upon entering Acuity, I was greeted with a pleasant smile and a happy "can I help you?" by one of the ladies behind the counter. I explained that my sunglasses were too loose and asked if they could fix them. She assured me she could and asked me to have a seat. Less than five minutes later, she returned with my Ray Bans and they now fit perfectly! I asked what I owed and was told, "No Charge!"  Keep in mind, they did not know who I was or that my wife is a customer!
1	I found this office from Zoc Doc based on the reviews and the proximity to me and was sorely disappointed. First of all, there were far too many people working at the front desk for the lack of patients visiting the office that it almost felt like vultures the second I walked in. I was bombarded with directions on what to do and questions immediately which was a bit intimidating. After all of the preliminary tests that I'm more than accustomed to after years and years of visiting eye doctors, I finally met Dr. Betsko who was less than charming. She had zero personality and was the most unwelcoming doctor I have ever met. She took about 3 minutes tops with my exam and left the room and never returned. I was then escorted out to the front where again I was bombarded with people telling me what my options were for glasses/contacts based on my insurance. I only took this job a few months ago so the insurance is new to me and they did a horrendous job of explaining it to me. I almost felt like they were trying to sell to me rather than help me and I ended up getting the least from the plan because I was so confused and so frustrated with them trying to push things on me. And to top it all off, I was told that my contacts would be ready "no later than Friday" when my appointment was on the previous Wednesday which was perfect considering I was leaving for my wedding less than ten days from my appointment time and wanted to be sure I had backups on my wedding day but they weren't ready until the following Wednesday. I received a text message Wednesday afternoon saying my contacts were ready for pickup but because of the millions of things to do to get ready for me to leave did not make it there until Friday. Unfortunately, no one thought to give a heads up that they would be closed the Friday before Labor Day. I would have appreciated a courtesy call saying my contacts were ready for pickup and to make sure I get them today or tomorrow since they close for a four day weekend but apparently that's too much to ask. I left a voicemail immediately explaining my frustrating and received a return call the day after labor day, when I was already out of town in Texas for my wedding and they assured me they would be overnighting them to me so I would have them before my wedding (on September 6th) and before we checked out of the place we were staying. Here it is September 8th and I still don't have them. We are no longer in the house we had rented for the week and will only be in town for a couple more days before we leave to go back to AZ and I don't have much faith that they will be here by then. This has been THE WORST experience I have had from any doctor's office. Completely unprofessional, unwelcoming and irritatingly lackadaisical about their patient's well-being and requests. I will NEVER go back here.
