4	This is too shocking...I can't believe this!I used to live in Leith and this pub is on the otherside of my apartment (or 'flat'). I remember making International Calls on the otherside of this pub, in a phonebooth, right next to a busstop, this pub is where Leith Walk turns left and keep on going...I don't really remember much about the pub apart from being cheap beer and old men sitting around all day....This sh*t brings back memorirs...
5	i wasnt going to do this, cause this is my favorite bar in the city and i felt i should keep some things to myself. but last week the bartender gave us a 'special' shot. it was so special that i wondered what part of the car it came out of as i ran to the one toilet there is with vom in my mouth. then i vommed in the toilet as the non locking door swung in the wind before a nice older woman came in, looked at me like i had vommed on her face, as she watched the rest of my vom show.so i guess what im saying is that to punish that shitty bartender for giving us insta-vom-a-shot,  i will now hopefully fill the place with any american who may be coming here for the festival as said bartender would hate me for it- especially when the entire bar sings "sunshine on leith" (the highlight of every closing weekend night)what im also saying is that despite my recent vomathon, it is still my favorite bar and it will be yours too. its the diviest bar in town, with the best weekend dj in the city.it is a must do- and bring every american with you.
5	It's a 5 star establishment on a Friday and Saturday night from 9 onwards. Noisy, rowdy, funny, great music, cheap drinks, fun people. It's lived in, it has character, and while it might give off the vide of local-pub-for-local-people, it's a friendly place.During the day or even week nights it's an average pub; quiet but a little strange at times. Good strange.Having recently endured a night of clubs in Edinburgh itself it brings it home to me - this is where I want to be at midnight on a Friday.
5	Fabulous,friendly wee bar,with an eclectic mix of local personalities.Good music and atmosphere,especially at weekends.Reasonably priced and great fun especially at weekends.Live music on sometimes,which always draws a crowd.A fantastic night out for all ages and abilities!
3	Colourful.....I think thast probably the word for it. I dont think I have ever been anywhere quite like this place, in their favour they rock a great cheeky vimto!!
