5	Damn Good Pizza!I Love a pizza without tomato sauce and NYPD's White Pizza does it right! Check out these slices of Glory (see pics) One with Tomato and Ricotta and the other with Spinach and RicottaThey had about 6 or 8 different pizzas to choose from for a slice, not to mention a full menu of signature and custom made pizza, calzone, pasta, soups, salad and appetizers.The pizza had a  crispy crust with a fluffy interior, not too doughy but just like a perfect french bread, I Loved it!Great spot for lunch to grab a slice or two and maybe a salad.I would love to try out some of their dinner items as well.
5	NYPD Pizza is New York-style pizza done right.  Much better to the style they try to emulate than BJ's 'Chicago-style, but that's another review.The thin crust was thin, there was plenty of sauce, and just the right amount of cheese.  The pizza was delicious- 'nuff said.  I would definitly come back again and try some of their 'specialty' pizzas.The Garlic Knots weren't bad, but they wouldn't be on my list of things to try again.  There was a definite absence of garlic on the garlic knots, and they were covered with sesame seeds, which didn't do much for me (your results may vary).Have a pint of the NYPD Blonde beer, grab yourself a big, foldable slice, and you're good.  Service was excellent, attentive, and relatively quick.As for improvement- turn up the 'garlic' flavor on the garlic knots a notch (not too much, but enough so you notice its garlic bread), and hold the toasted sesame seeds... aside from that, you're good!
5	Excellent pizza, but make sure you get a whole pizza.  In other words, if you want their best pizza, don't order it by the slice. I got into the habit of getting a slice or two after I work out at the gym, and the slices were just o.k. That was because they heated up the slices from a pizza they made earlier.  But one weekend, I ordered a large, freshly made pie and what a difference! Some of the best tasting pizza I've ever had!  I've been going to N.Y.P.D. since they opened, and the staff has recently changed (within the last year or so).  The original staff I all knew by name are long gone. They'd throw in a free soda quite often, but after checking with the newer employees, a lot of the original ones were let go for giving out freebies.  Too bad. A little hospitality goes a long way in my opinion.
5	I love pizza and I love the pizza here. Delivery is a nice touch. Try the meatballs on your next pizza. Fact: NYPD has their water filtered so it's exactly like the eater in Yonkers.
4	I like in Ahwatukee.I like nypdAnd this location delivers to my place!  Huzzah!I like thin crust soggy type pizza, and this fits the bill.I prefer the Brooklyn.  Sausage, pepperoni, sauce, cheese and fresh basil.Deeelish!
4	I have tried a few different pizza's here and recently Chad M suggested I try the meatballs and jalapeno. Seriously good! The secret to this place is to have a few toppings  instead of loaded to the hilt.  If you are not into customizing your 'Za than try the Brooklyn -  it's a favorite.
4	Met a group of friends for lunch at this particular NYPD location.  I've been to their Chandler restaurant a few times, but now that I've visited this one - gotta admit - I kinda like this one better.Staff was very friendly and professional. Prices are always good.  They have a kids eat free night (Wednesday?) which impressed me, as well as a nice kids menu.Restaurant was clean, bathrooms were clean and overall, it's a nice place.
4	As someone that grew up in NY state, restaurants touting themselves as NY style aren't going to immediately impress me. However, these guys are doing things right. Went as part of a decent-sized group (about 20 people) for a tweet-up...service was great, and the calzone that I had was pretty good. This location doesn't have a ton of seating, but carryout is available.
2	To start off, I will say the food here was wonderful. I got a 14 inch pizza which was a lot bigger than I thought it would be and it had green peppers and onions, my boyfriend got the 12 inch joeys special. Both of these pizzas were delicious. We also had gotten the garlic knots with cheese and they have some killer marinara sauce. Everything was fresh and delicious. Their pizza crusts are also awesome.As for the bad part. The service sucks and I would highly recommend doing a pick up and bringing it home if you go later on in the day (after 5 pm). Our waitress was your typical 19-21 year old college chick who would rather spend time talking to the other servers in the back and we barely saw her. I finally got sick of waiting for her to come get my card to swipe it so I brought it to the front counter and the manager came over to take care of it and who comes running out to take care of me? To say the least, the tip was not good.Also, my boyfriend got a beer. The beer expired in 4/2008. They REALLY need to check their stock. Then his second beer got to foamy and spilled and the waitress came over with our food and we mentioned the beer spilled but she never got us additional napkins or anything.So again, awesome food and kudos to the pizza cookers but the service sucks otherwise. I went later on in the day however so the daytime crew (before 5 pm) may be better.As for the restaurant itself, it's nice inside. Our table was wobbly which was kind of annoying but no big deal and was fairly  clean. The bathroom had no hand soap in it though but otherwise it was really clean.Also, go for the nights that have deals on the pizza, we got 1 pizza and then the second was 50% off. This is for mon/tues nights.
4	WOWSA- we just moved here from NYC and this pizza is like home :)  We tried the Brooklyn and Da Works  pies and the Brooklyn was WAY BETTER. I didn't like the Da Works (don't care for fresh tomatoes on top of my pizza).  This will be our regular pizza joint for the area- we were both impressed and will order many more Brooklyn pizzas from NYPD! Having just moved from NYC we can speak with authority when we say "It's authentic NY pizza!"
3	This place claims NY style pizza however the pizza is undercooked unless you ask them to make it well done. this pizzas here take a very long time to cook, and there is no by the slice option on weekends.  In addition to pizzas of various types there are calzones and standard Italian fair all at fairly low prices. The sauce is not too sweet, the cheese is decent when well done but the crust is lacking with the pizza. It is nice to see granulated garlic a standard condiment on the tables as it helps to add some much needed flavor.The atmosphere is casual and it is a sit down style dining on night and weekends. During the day one has the option to get a quick meal from the pickup counter. As pizza goes in AZ this place is better than most, however it is still far from the best pizza ever.
5	The white pizza with breaded eggplant added is amazing.  Lunch deals are wonderful too.  Always a fun place to go.
3	I worked about a mile from here, so this was a staple for us.  I'm torn-- on one hand I thoroughly enjoyed stuffing my face with reasonably priced pizza, salad and garlic knots, but I also felt tremendous guilt after eating a reheated slice of oily cheese an hour later.  I must say though, the lunch specials are quick, efficient, and wonderfully priced.  Is it as good as eating a sloppy, fresh slice of pizza in NYC?  Of course not, but it certainly will satisfy a quality, yummy pizza craving in the desert.
4	The boyfriend and I were in the mood for pizza and wings last night so we decided to head over to one of our favorite places for dough and chicken - NYPD Pizza.We've been there several times so we pretty much knew what we wanted before we even got there. Cheesy garlic knots and honey BBQ wings were a must. But then I ordered a small caesar salad and he ordered a calzone. We've had their pizza before and we both think it's really tasty - good crust.The garlic knots are SOOO good. Little garlicy dough balls covered in mozzarella cheese and served with a side of marinara. Yummmm-o!Both the knots and the wings came out quickly and were piping hot. The wings are good too, they slather on the tasty sauce.The boyfriend's calzone came out later (they told us calzone's take a while) and it was ginormous. Seriously, this thing was like a large pizza folded in half. You could easily feed two with that behemoth.The service at NYPD is always friendly and fast. So while I wouldn't say it's the most remarkable place in town it's a great, dependable place to get flavorful food.
4	3 or 4 stars? They're definitely capable of 4 or more and this time was a 3.5 so I'll go with 4. To start the guy on the phone was really personable and friendly, I think that's important. I ordered delivery and could definitely tell there's a lot of potential but it just didn't quite add up on this occasion.The pizza ingredients were fantastic! I had the NYPD Blue and added mushrooms too it, great tasting pizza! My only problem was it was a little on the cool side and should've been a bit hotter.The wings were a definite no go... not much meat and overcooked. I don't think I'd be ordering them again. To follow up my delivery guy was very friendly when he delivered my food.
3	Went with a couple guys from work.  Being new to the area...kind of anxious to find some "good pizza."  Still searching.  This isn't bad...it's just pizza.  I'd stop in again, but like so many others...nothing that I've "gotta have."  The garlic knots that were raved about I didn't find to be up to the hype.  Their flavor didn't "pop."  Not enough of a garlic flavor to them.  Kind of like soft, fluffy, buttered rolls.  It was all good...just not 5 star break down the door gotta have it good.
3	I went to this place after seeing all the good reviews on yelp.....but i didn't like it all all. The slices were big and I will admit it was rather cheap but that didn't make up for the fact that it was hardly any sauce on the slices. The people that work there are nice and friendly and it is a nice place to chill but the food is blah. I ended up not even eating the second slice and tossing it. I gave this place 3 stars not for the food but because the staff is really nice.
2	Good pizza. Too pricey though. The price implies some sort of specialty, but in reality its just the same old regular NY style pizza. Garlic knots are interesting, but I think this place needs to address the pricing issue.
5	Ive eaten here several times. Great Food!! As for the reviews I see from a couple of  people saying its too pricey, all I can say is Huh?!! Its a lot of food for not a lot of money.  If anything, the prices are like that to keep the cheapies like them, outta there.  If youre complaining about the price of a pizza, maybe you should go through the pizza hut/ taco bell drive through next time. You can get a whole pizza and feed a whole family for around 20 bucks. Not a bad deal at all. I'll be back again really soon!!! Oh, and ask for Nicole. She was fantastic!!!
4	This is the 4th nypd that I've eaten at and it's always good no matter what location you are at. The pizza is true new york style where you can give it a nice fold and chow down. The wings have incredible flavor and have a nice crisp to them. One complaint- they only have dine-in on weekends. During the week you can order at the counter and seat yourselves if your in a hurry and don't have time for full service. Why only offer this on weekdays? They get just as packed on the weekend. I would eat here twice as often if I was about to get out of there a little bit faster. Don't need a waitress, thanks though.
5	pasta sauce is a little spicy which I love, great meatballs and calzones and the pizza of course is great!
5	My boyfriend and I stopped by to grab a bite to eat before work and long story short-Greeted immediately -Lots of variety-Meat lovers pizza is amazing-Ask for Tawnya she's really nice and a wonderful server -Will be back, loved the excellent service!!
5	Went for lunch and had the pizza/caesar salad combo.  I went with the sausage/pepperoni pizza and I must say, it wasn't bad!  I know that they pre make the pizzas and re-heat them for you so I can only imagine the pizza being better when ordering a fresh one (which I'm looking forward to!).  The caesar was very good!  Another bonus, got 10% off for being a local employee!  And to the people that think that they're pricey must be used to ordering from the $1 menu from McDonalds or going to Taco Bell.  The combo I got was under $6 and I was full!  I think someone else posted that they only offer dine in on the weekends?  I was there during the week and the hostess asked us which we wanted--sit down or counter service...maybe they have changed it since that review.  I definitely look forward to trying them out again!  Finally, a Chicagoan found great pizza in Arizona!
4	Well, unfortunately I am just out of their delivery range but I do occasionally go in for a carry out and of all the "NY Style Pizzas" in Tempe, this is one of the best. Their service is always great and the pizza is delicious
4	Great pizzas with crispy crust and fresh tasty toppings.  Mondays and Tuesdays are buy one, get one half off days for pizza.  Their wings are also quite good, full of flavor.
4	I went to dinner here last night. The customer service is fantastic! They had a Facebook promotion about a week ago offering a free 10" cheese pizza with a coupon, but apparently there was some sort of issue and they stopped honoring the coupon midway through the promotion. I commented to management about that, and instead of simply giving me a 10" cheese pizza, they gave me a $50 dining certificate! So, I tried all sorts of things on the menu I normally wouldn't have tried.Mott St Meat PizzaThis was DELICIOUS! I can't wait to order it again!Mozzarella SticksI wasn't blown away by these and thought the menu price was too high for the quality and quantity.Garlic Cheese KnotsThis was by far the best part of the meal. I got it with Alfredo sauce. Next time I think I might just have a meal of these. Meatball HeroThis was so-so. The meatballs were yummy and there was tons of cheese, but the sauce was very sweet and I don't think the bun was toasted because it was soggy.  The chips they came with tasted like they came out of a bag. Homemade chips would have been a nice touch. CannolisThese were good, but very small for the price. CheesecakeThis was delicious and the portion size was nice.Overall, I'd say that if you order what they're known for (pizza and garlic cheese knots) you'll be blown away!
4	This is a review for their pizza as I have never eaten in the restaurant.I am a big fan of Siciian pizza and they have some of the best I have had for delivery / takeout.  I highly recommend it if you are in the mood.   If you go in for pickup the staff is very friendly and helpful. SO i would assume dining in would be pretty great.I am deducting 1 star as I live very close by and it takes 45-hour to get delivery.  Even if you go pick it up it always takes 30 min.  It is good pizza, but not an option if you want it quick :)Try:- Siciian Joey's Favorite- Siciian Pizza Blanca
4	REALLY love their pizza because it reminds me of what I grew up on at the Jersey Shore. When my family comes to visit, we always order NYPD (although they do balk at the prices--don't expect $5.99 for a pie at this place; but if you demand a better quality pizza, give this place a try!)For lunch, they have a variety of pies for per-slice sale, which is great when you wan to mix it up. Their cold cut sub has tons of meat and is SO much more substantial than what you get at Subway! And the Pepsi from the fountain is the best tasting fountain soda in the Valley! The perfect amount of carbonation and syrup (I don't know why some places seem too heavy on one or the other; and Pepsi is so much harder to find at restaurants). I love the garlic knots with a side of red sauce. Lots of garlic and butter. Yum!I've tried all of their salads and my favorite is the Soho, which comes with a pizza crust base (very clever), so if you can't decide between pizza or salad, you don't have to with the Soho! The dressing is a very tasty combination of ranch and vinaigrette and it works SO nicely with this meal. Never disappoints.The pizza is my favorite. My kids' choice too whenever we go for pizza. NY style crust and you can put anything you want on it. The Bianca and The Brooklyn are the adult's favorite and my brother favors bacon and pineapple. Always delish.The zeppolis for dessert are my favorite. Hot, sweet and enough for the whole table!Recently, I tried the calzone and I wasn't impressed at all. I'll be sticking with pizza/salads from now on. Oh, and we had a bad experience with their pizza cookie (rock hard!) once and never ordered it again.Service is also always good, from the people who greet you at the door, to the counter help and the wait staff--consistently helpful and attentive.
1	A sporadic text message from my friend had me wondering what to have for lunch. Before I could figure it out, he was already ready to go. So I turned on the GPS on my phone, and found a place nearby on Yelp. I really hesitated to go here, and was so close to insisting on Chipotle instead. However, I figured I would give NYPD another shot.I rarely leave food unfinished, even if its mediocre. But the wings that came with the lunch special were so bad that I just could not finish them. If there wasn't any hot sauce, I probably would have vomited. Did they decide to just take week old wings and serve them? I am incredibly disappointed. I seriously have never had wings as bad as NYPD's in my entire life.The pizza slice was ok, but seriously why bother selling stuff that is just plain terrible? I'm really going to hesitate coming back here. In fact, I probably wouldn't come here even if a friend invited me for lunch and paid for it. One of my worst experiences ever.
3	I really like this place, especially for lunch. They have a few options for lunch specials and they're all a good deal for the money. The wings are decent. The pizza is great. The quality of the toppings is quite a bit higher than most of the pizza places around here. The garlic knots are addicting. The only reason it doesn't get 4 stars is because the service tends to be a little slow/inattentive. Last time we were there we were pretty much the only ones in the place at around 1:30 and we waited several minutes before anyone realized we were standing there waiting to order. Prior to that, we were in for dinner and it was like pulling teeth to get refills on drinks. Overall, it's worth the trip if you can deal with sub-par service from time to time.
5	This is as close to NY style pizza you will find in any other part of the country. The prices are good and you get a good slice of pie. I liked it a lot. I went for lunch had a calzone that cost $4.99 and it was very good. Sausage, peperoni, onions, mozzarella and ricotta cheese. Highly recommend it. Kids eat free after 4 on Wed.
5	I can not believe that pizza could be this good. I had good pizza on a recent trip to NY, and this really is the closest that I can find to the pizza out there.They say that its the water, but I am skeptical of that. I guess it doesn't matter what they did to make the pizza, it was really, really good.
4	This is my favorite order in pizza.  Their sicilian is very good and comes in quite a few vegetarian options which is always a bonus.  I have eaten in the restaurant a few times since my last review and the staff are very nice and attentive.  I highly recommend it for dining in, carry-out, or delivery.Try:- Sicilian Joey's Favorite
5	I am vegan and my ENTIRE family is not.  I was blown away when i found out last week that they have a VEGAN pizza!  I am always up to trying mainstream restaurants with a healthy dish for us non-carnivores.  I ordered a 10 inch Veganizza and added red onion. My husband and father-in-law ordered a medium 1/2 pepperoni and 1/2 red onion.  Each person was completely happy with the pizza.  My pizza was delicious.  They used Daiya cheese, basil, spinach, garlic and red onion.  I will for sure get it again.  It's so close and so delicious.  I wondered why they even made a vegan pizza and it turns out that the owner's son is vegan.  Who knew!  This pizza was created for him.  LOVE IT!!! Nice job, NYPD!  Nice Job!!!
5	While the Hells Kitchen wings leave something to be desired in the heat department, they were still tasty. The pizza was awesome and Shelby, our waitress, was great. We were surprised at how empty it was for Super Bowl, but that worked fine for us!
4	3.5 starsBumped up the rating because the service was really good.I'm from the tri-state so I've had my share of pizza. The pizza isn't really comparable to the real stuff but in general, their pizza isn't bad. Thin, crispy, and they load on the toppings. The calzone was much more dough than filling which was a bit disappointing. The garlic knots though were one of the best I've had though.
2	Moved here from NY a couple months and I went to this place hoping to satisfy a craving. I was disappointed. The pizza did not taste like anything let alone NY pizza. I did not think this was bad but I definitely will not be having pizza from here again. Now the fried chicken...is a different story. They gave me a piece of fried chicken for some strange reason and it was really good. I don't see it on the take out menu but I'd definitely ask for it.
4	This review is for the delivery service only!I've ordered from here a couple of times. While I think the food is a bit on the pricey side of things, (most of) the stuff here tastes pretty scrumptious.I highly recommend the white pie, garlic knot appetizers, and the Caesar salad. (But for the last one, there are very few places that mess up a Caesar salad...) I think the chicken parmigiana sandwiches are pretty good here, but my friend disagreed, so... good-not-great. And taking the prize in the Yuck! category are the calzones - they are super greasy and have no saving quality. The only dessert that really holds up under delivery conditions is probably the New York style cheesecake - ask for all three sauces.
3	Chain or not I really like the pizza here.  The ricotta is great so the calzones are awesome too.  Also, the spinach artichoke dip is stellar.  That said, order take out.  Don't try to go eat at this location.  The service and management the times I've been are bad.  Not like, they forgot to put the dressing on the side bad.  Like, I'm going to go fight the manager bad.  I've seen people screaming at a manager.  I've seen people walk out.  I've seen people give up the will to live.  I guess when you have a 19 year old manager, this happens.  You'd figure the ownership would get fed up with watching thousands of dollars walk out the door weekly due to incompetent hosting/managing but whatever.  Order take out, add 10 minutes to the time they give you and you'll be ok with the result!
5	this is the best pizza on earth. i would go back to this place anytime they have such a nice location its perfect. . mama mia
4	After a day of shopping the fam was starved, we decided pizza would please us all. We ordered a large pepperoni, wings, and zucchini sticks. Everything was delish. The pizza really shined, thin crust, the foldable kind. Perfect cheese, sauce ratio. The crust was the best part! I love this pizza and can't wait til our next trip to PHX.
5	Too bad this place closed, our family had a wonderful dinner and time here on a Friday night in August. Was totally unplanned to go here, as we tried to get in to the sushi place next door and the line there was out the door. So, we wandered next door to NYPD pizza. This is my actual favorite pizza, but this was my first time at this location. The staff there was super friendly, fun, and top notch. I promised to Yelp great about them if I ever got on to write a review, and I finally did. So, even if this location is closed, the pizza is consistently amazing at every location. The absolute best if you like thin crust, large piece NY style pizza.
1	I have been to NYPD a few times and have to say that I have no intentions of going back.  My first major issue with it is that their food is extremely over-priced.  I do not mind paying more if it is going to be great quality but I honestly think you do not get what you pay for over there.  I ordered a pizza there and it barely had any sauce or cheese on it and it was extremely undercooked.  It was supposed to be a Margarita pizza but it was disgusting.  The tomatoes were obviously from a can, as they were soggy, and the mozzarella was not even melted because it did not cook long enough!  I also go the egplant parm sandwhich.  It took forever to arrive and when it finally did I was able to tell that it had been sitting aside forever because the bread was increadibly soggy.  Overall it was a bad experience with not that great of food.  The people that work there were nice but the food was disgusting.
