5	This place is awesome.  I used to get my brows done at the "...R Us" place and Patel's is far superior, from customer service to pricing to actual execution of the threading.  I always see Khina for my brows and upper lip--her work is consistent and thorough.  I love that I've been there often enough now that she recognizes me and knows exactly what I want without having to ask.They also do really beautiful henna art.  I got my first one from them this past weekend and was really pleased with the final color.  I don't know the name of the other gal who works there but it's only two of them.As of 7/26/10, the salon is located downstairs near the Henderson Community Police offices but they'll be moving upstairs next to Macy's very soon.Stop waxing and plucking and get over to Patel's for some threading.  Your eyebrows will thank you!
3	I was doing some shopping at Galleria Mall and noticed Patel's Threading near Macy's. My eyebrows were in dire need of some TLC, and I had time so I decided to stop in to get them threaded. When I first stopped in there were two people already waiting, and I still needed to do some shopping so I decided to come back on my way out. That ended up being a good idea, when I came back at 5 pm there wasn't anyone waiting, just one guy being threaded. When it was my turn I was taken over to a chair and the lady went to work. Not sure if it was because my eyebrows were a little overgrown but the process seemed to take a while. Waxing is definitely a quicker way to go and less painful in my opinion. Waxing is like ripping a band-aid off, threading is like pulling it off slooooowly. $10 is the cost for eyebrow threading for woman, for some reason men are charged $2 more. Overall not a bad experience but I think I will stick to waxing for my eyebrow upkeep from now on...
4	I discovered this place while walking through Galleria Mall one day. They do a great job at threading and I always love the results. Weekends are very busy and they do not have a very organized system to track customers waiting...they do have a number system which I think can be improved. The staff are very friendly and what keeps me going back is the fact that they do a fab job. It would be great if they improved the system to handle customers waiting!!
4	I intentionally walked in on a Wed afternoon because I knew there wouldn't be a wait. The lone threader was finishing up a client, and then it was my turn. My tech didn't offer her name, nor was she wearing a name tag and of course, I forgot to ask. She was quick and efficient. My brows are tidy and thankfully, symmetrical. To be fair, not the best shaping ever, but mine are puny on the outside and hard to arch. (a threading lady at The Meadows Mall has actually coaxed an arch out of these things. But, I live in Henderson and wanted to find someplace close.) Ten bucks, standard rate and they are just fine. I'll definitely go back.
4	The only place I take my daughter is Patel's! Quick, caring w/ young girls, and priced great too!
4	I love Patel's! I have been threading for about 2 years. When I first started, I asked a friend for recommendations, and she suggested Patel's. I didn't know what to expect. I had never even waxed before. The whole process took about 10 minutes, maybe less. It was fairly painful, but not too bad, because I was accustomed to tweezing my own brows. I had wonderfully shaped brows with a great arch. My eyebrows can be particularly difficult to groom, because the hair grows in differently on each brow. Patel's always provided great results. The ladies are friendly, and the price is fair. This location does get crowded in the middle of the day. The waiting area is pretty cramped, so I would avoid coming here from 2-5 on a Saturday. Sundays aren't as bad.
4	Patel's is amazing! I used to go to a place on Paradise until one day I showed up and they were gone. Turns out they had moved all the way to the other side of town. I'm so glad they did, because a coworker recommended Patel's to me. It's much closer to my house than my old place was. Patel's eyebrow threading was $3 more, so I was a little skeptical, but decided to check it out. IT WAS SO WORTH IT. The place I used to go on Paradise was the first and only place I'd had threading done. They used to dig the thread into my skin, sawing back and forth to get the hair out, and they used to leave my skin very red. They would also inevitably leave a couple stray hairs. Not Patel's! I don't remember the name of the woman who worked on me, but she was very gentle with the thread and I ended up with hardly any redness (of course, threading still hurts, just not nearly as much as it did at the other place). My brows were perfectly shaped, and she covered a large area, even going all the way from the sides of my brows to the hairline. I got my brows and upper lip done and I was very happy. She even removed my nose hairs at no extra charge! They have definitely made me a regular!
5	"Disclaimer"   I did not have the eyebrow threading procedure done to me but I witnessed the procedure done in person on a close friend. Her name will be "X" to protect her from any pain in future visits.Like a lot of guys that are dragged to places like this, you have to make the most of the experience. On one such occasion I did just that. As "X" not her real name was waved over to the chair she mumbled something under her breath. I was confused to what the problem was because "X" had done nothing but talk about getting the procedure done for about a week. Rashnar or something like that gave a sigh and began to work as "X" held her eyelid taught.   Rashnar worked her hands skillfully in the manner of a 4th chair violinist. As millions of tiny hairs flew thru the air, Rashnar bobbed her head up and down much like a pigeon eating some parking lot trash. I leaned in closer to get a better view of row after row of tiny hairs being plucked in a rapid manner. As I watched I was intoxicated by the aroma of garlic goat, which made me imagine this being done far away by the crystal blue waters of the Ganges river. When I awoke from my day dream, Rashnar was slumped in the chair tired from the ordeal with a dollar bill in her hand. And before me was "X" looking lovely as ever. After seeing the before and after I would recommend Patel's to anybody looking for a pain free alternative to waxing. Enjoy!
4	Always quick and affordable! Like most guys, I don't like my eyebrows to look too thin, they do a good job at just cleaning up the areas that get out of control.
5	I had them do threading for my daughter. She was very nervous. The woman who did her eyebrows was very kind and quick. She kept my daughters eyebrows looking very natural and suitable for a young lady. She didn't look plucked. Very good!
5	Love them. It's just suck-y that their location is the mall....... because we all know how the galleria can get. Especially in the summer, with the middle school-ers being dumped off by their parents.As soon as I walk in, I am almost taken to a different place. The music, is..... intoxicating. I feel like I am in a Bollywood film with the music, the henna art, and other beautiful things that they sell in the case under the cash register.I can never remember mine of course, but they do have a "punch" card system, where if you buy 5 services, you get the sixth free... A plus.I have been threading for the last year and a half... I had a bad waxing experience in a Henderson "salon" where my eyebrows got thin, and then I broke out from the wax itself... which had never happened before, and my co worker recommended them.The feeling is really something that you never get used to. It hurts me more than the birth of my daughter did. But that's just me. haha.
1	I haven't had my eyebrows done in a while and had forgotten that I needed to help hold my skin taut while she threaded my eyebrows but instead of giving me a gentle and courteous reminder she was quite rude and abrupt with me throughout the whole threading process. She was definitely not customer friendly because she spent the whole time talking to her co-workers while she raked over my brows. I did expect there to be some minor discomfort but once I left the salon the side of my brow started throbbing so I checked in the mirror to find a chunk of my skin on the side of  my brow had been raked off! Needless to say that was the first and last time that I patronize that place because I'm sure there are far better and more professional salons out there than this place.
4	I had a great full face threading Done here.  No hairs left beHind. The price is steep At $45, but the service was great so I will come back.
2	The first time I came here was awesome.  The second time.. not so much.Can't remember the girl's name, but after 30 seconds of starting she stopped to use the phone.  Then, she stood in front of me (while I was leaned back in the chair) for a good 15 minutes just gabbing on the phone.  Three other workers were standing around me as well.. none of them had the decency to finish my brows.  Also, throughout her conversation, she kept holding her finger up and telling me to "wait," even though I wasn't saying anything.  When she finally got off the phone, she finished my brows.  At one point she yanked really hard and my eye watered.  She then called me a crybaby.  Thanks?When I went to the register to pay, she asked me how much I was leaving her for a tip.  Wow.2 stars because both times I've been here, my brows looked pretty good.  However there are a million other places I'll go to instead who can do just as good of a job without the rude service and horrible location.
1	I used to go here a lot but I went in today and I thought the threading was a bit more painful then usual but that aside... I left and looked in my car mirror and noticed I was bleeding! so angry I just spent so much money and I don't even feel smooth. and I got a cut on top of it... this place has gone down hill. good luck if you go here.
