4	Oh Bonnies! I miss you!The staff here are lovely, especially the owner. The paninis are great and not just your run of the mill stuff either. Nice veggie options too. There is a usually a lush selection of sweet things, oh the danishes! All very reasonably priced and perfect for that one summer's day in Edinburgh when you can have a picnic on the meadows and get your milk bottle legs out for a burn. : )
4	After walking past this place time after time I finally decided to go in and see what all the fuss was about at lunch time. This was further provoked by the fact they finally took down the scaffolding that had been obstructing it for the best part of last semester.There are comfy couches and a few tables but it's not huge by any means. The staff are lovely and friendly and do not try and rush you with your choice just because it's busy (I am a picky eater). I had a Danish pastry and a tea, all very yummy, but my friend's sun-dried tomato, mozzarella and basil pesto was delicious and the bread was soft and fresh.Definitely stands out from its neighbouring sandwich bars, and great to grab something and head for the Meadows in the sun!
3	we tried the flat white. milk temperature was good, on the cool side. strength and flavour was good but no real milk texture that would have lifted it.  a good option though if you're in the area, especially if you're hungry as there are heaps of good sandwich options :)
3	The welcome at Bonnington's was very warm, and their meatball sandwich was one of the best I've had, recently, but their soup was sad, which was a considerable shame. Overall, we said: "I found Bonnington's to be "hit and miss". The soup was a let down, but the toasted meatball sandwich was great. I'd happily pop back, as the welcome was warm, but next time I'll choose something other than their soup to match with one of their excellent sandwiches."
4	Good coffee, great sandwiches and very nice people.
3	I love their Batman sandwich.  Rocket, avocado, bacon, tomatoe and mayo.Their soup is just alright.  Recent one I had was carrot and orange soup. A bit lack of seasoning. Something liquidy to go along with your sandwich. Service is good if you go there often enough til they recognise you. Or else this will just be one of those walked by sandwich shop.  Get your food and leave.
