1	Why am I the first to review this place? It's been on the map for as long as I can remember and it's been the same icky, weird staff and "just okay" Japanese food for just as long. In any case, it makes a compelling case as as nicer than average restaurant. It's a large building and has all the hallmarks of a great Japanese eatery. Sushi bar, live seafood you can choose yourself, and management that hires native Japanese to serve you. All signs point to greatness!Somewhere between the Greatness road sign and the arrival at actual Greatness, someone seems to have taken Mr. Potential and kicked his teeth in before repeatedly punching his groin and laughing as he robbed him of his money. Let me explain:I have give this place repeated chances to show me that it's worth the real estate it's planted on and repeatedly I have felt like Mr. Potential must have felt after his beating. I've been there with groups, alone, on dates and each time it's either inattentive or rude wait staff and middling food that isn't anywhere near the price of admission.The last (and final) time I went to Ichi Ban (ironically meaning Number 1 in Japanese HA!) I took my girlfriend of a year as a treat for both of us. Why did I go here? You ask a good question and I have no acceptable answer other than I may have subconsiously wanted to break it off with Sandie (I now have nick-named her "The Sand Demon" - say it out loud. It makes sense... seriously. Sand Demon... Sandie... but I digress) and this was a perfect way to do it. The food was once again quite bad and to add insult to injury, after delivering our food our waiter began his assault. Upon finding out I speak fluent Japanese, he switched entirely over to speaking Japanese. Leaving me to translate everything into English for the Sand Demon. As if that weren't bad enough, he began asking me if she was "a dirty girl" because she sure looked like one to him. I couldn't believe what he was asking me and definitely wasn't going to translate it for Sand Demon, but just in case I misunderstood him, I asked him to explain what he meant. He went on about how she had a nice rack and long legs and that she just looks like a good time in the sack. Some people might view this as a compliment in some way, but I usually don't have kind words for a guy who tells me my girlfriend looks whorish and a good lay. I told him in my most polite Japanese that he'd never get the chance to find out since he most likely couldn't get laid in a brothel and we left. At the time it wasn't funny, but it's pretty funny now. Sure, he was being rude but in retrospect she was kind of a whore. But there's no review area for ex's by the name of Sand Demon so that's all I'll say about that... for now.
4	This is a great place to get sushi. The atmosphere is so-so, but the staff is Japanese and they do not hold back on the quality of food. The picture of me is actually at the Ichi Ban drinking the Volcano. 2 of these ENORMOUS drinks will get you buzzed, so I have 4 or 5. The fresh eel is the best the place has to offer, and it comes highly suggested. Give this place a try and you'll be back. And by the way, it's HEALTHY FOR YOU.
5	It seems like(judging by the previous reviews), Ichi Ban may have changed their staff out recently. Jamie and I have been frequenting this gem since early January 2009, and we're in love with it.we've never sat at the hibachi tables--only at the sushi bar, where Johnny(san) has been endlessly friendly to us.I always order the 'Cucumber Special'--sliced cucumber rolled around spiced tuna(maguro) with pickled, sliced radish, sliced crab, and wasabi. Jamie has tried nearly everything on their menu, but his favorite has been the roll filled with grilled freshwater eel, cucumber, deep-fried crab, etc...all deep-fried. for dessert, Johnny-san would always slice up some oranges, mangoes, etc(all free). also--pre meal, you get a complimentary bowl of perfectly-seasoned miso soup, and sometimes, complimentary edamame pods--salted and wonderful :Dhonestly, we were frequenting Ichi-Ban weekly, but we haven't had the time to go there recently. so my upcoming review will be much more detailed...sorry :( bottom line is, the service is spectacular, the food is phenomenal, and we love the place. this is what REAL sushi is about.
5	On a Friday night this is the perfect place to go after work for a nice drink and a quiet dinner.  I like to sit at the sushi bar where my buddy Johnny comes up with some crazy sushi combinations that are definately not on the menu but should definately be.  Reasonably priced sushi + saki bombers = a great dining experience.  I can't speak for the Teppan tables, but the show Johnny can put on is worth it.
5	I have had the pleasure of being served by Johnny(san) three different occasions and under varied conditions... 1. Busy, 2. quiet and 3. over the top busy where I felt like I should jump the counter and help!!!  This is one cool calm collected Sushi Chef.  He is fantastic and full of class.  Much respect to Johnny and his staff.  I only know him through being a customer...he excels at making you feel like family.  The Sushi is very very good and great care goes into the preparation.  I love Sushi and this place has moved up the list of my closely held favorites.  I'll qualify this by saying that I travel quite a bit and I ALWAYS try the local Sushi... LA, NY, TOKYO etc...
2	Just had dinner (sushi) and was not impressed. Every roll lacked in size, flavor and presentation. (And it cost the same as those fancy sushi places) I was excited for the "Rattlesnake" but it came to us "doughy" and had absolutely no flavor.My sons karate kid plate was delicious.. however $9 for a childs portion seems outrageous to me. The family at the teptable was having a great time.. so the courses might be awesome, but I would not reccomend the sushi.
4	For the price, the sushi and sashimi are decent. The best time to go is during happy hour where sushi/sashimi are half price, so 5 orders can fill your tummy and not leave your wallet empty.
3	Went here for some teppanyaki. Although the food was good, the staff seemed to be having an off day. I went with my one buddy so it was kinda weird when they didn't sit the other people at our table . . . and it ended up being just him and me and the chef.When our chef started cooking, I noticed the next table got their soup & salad. I asked if that came with the meal and they said "oops" and brought it out while we were already starting to get our entrees. My water didn't come until almost the end of the meal either. Then, the chef forgot my filet and it took them until after everyone elses food was done to bring it out for him. They cooked the fried rice first but put it on the plate instead of in a bowl so it was a bit more difficult to scoop with chopsticks. The filet and scallops were awesome and he even hooked us up with extra shrimps, so there was an obscene amount of food.The chef was really cool. He even did lava in his onion volcano, which I had never seen. And lots of fire. Fire! Fire!I'll try it again and see if the service is always like this or if it was just an off night.
1	I went in to eat but stopped in the men's room to wash up and EGAD! That bathroom had the worse urine smell I have encountered north of the Mexican border! This is a men's room that hasn't been cleaned in months. Do the employees use this restroom also? The manager obviously doesn't. I looked around at the neglect and filth in the bathroom and wondered what shape the kitchen might be in. But instead of finding out, I took my party and left to go to Benihana's which has clean bathrooms and kitchens.
4	ok, so i went back here and had a better experience. they remembered to bring the soup and salad before the meals.and my buddys gf came with and we got sat at a table with some other people who were pretty cool. it wasnt as awkward as when just my friend and i were sitting alone at a table with no soup or salad.the soup sucks though, its like 99 parts water to 1 part chicken broth.the best part of this restaurant is the cooks. both times we had this cat named yoshi (make sure you ask him about mario and luigi, he loves that!) the cooks have fun and interact with you. he even had us play a drinking game where every time he put butter on the food on you had to drink. he even was trying some new "experimental" tricks. one of the most fun teppan restaurants i have been to!except put my damn fried rice in a bowl!!!!! its way to hard to eat rice off a plate with chopsticks
4	My boyfriend and I have been going to IchiBan constantly for sushi for the past two years. We love it. They know us and always greet us with complimentary edamame and sometimes even soup. At the end they even bring us fruit!Ever since half price sushi, there's just no reason for us to ever go anywhere else for sushi. We love it.As far as the cooking tables, I'm not a fan. I like cooking tables at other places but IchiBan is a much better sushi restaurant. The cooks are friendly and creative and entertaining but the food itself is just sub-par and the prices are a little high. All in all an AMAZING sushi place but I wouldn't suggest going for the hibachi tables.
1	If I have my way, last Saturday night will have been the last time I ever visited this Ichi Ban location.  I was disappointed by something different each and every moment that passed.The sushi was not impressive as we were told it would be, the teppan grill chef was not that engaging or interesting, the overpriced food (from the fried rice to the scallops) was drenched in butter and otherwise tasteless, and the service was mediocre.I could on, but I'd eventually start to feel bad.  I think you get the point.  If you are looking for good sushi or teppan grilled food, there are far better choices nearby.
4	I like the place - of course, I love food.  We came here a really long time ago (read:  before kids) and had a good time.  Now we showed up for teppan because it was the husband's choice and he wanted a show.  But the show "showed up" in an unlikely place - it was watching our 7 year old's delight with the chef and performance.  She was thoroughly entertained.  We had the table to ourselves since it was a mid-week.  A lot of people were there for sushi.  Staff was attentive and very friendly.  The shrimp could have been bigger but like I needed MORE food???
1	We wanted to try some Japanese food. A nameless coworker of mine suggested Ichi Ban, located on Alma School and Baseline Rd. Apparently he told us that he had drove by it and thought it would be worth a try. He must have drove by it drunk. The appearance of the building is simply a monstrosity in and of itself. The architects must have been on acid when they designed it because it is such an eye sore. I keep hearing in my head, "..don't judge a book by its cover", yet my judgments usally end up being correct. When we walked into the establishment that is Ichi Ban there was nobody in there. I mean it was totally dead. At that moment I felt that if we continued to sit down and eat we might just die. Ichi Ban had Kitchen Nightmare written all over it. I mean, if when you walk into a restaurant and nobody is there take that as a sign from God not to eat. So we sat down and ordered some food. Everybody got soup. I guess it came with your meal. I didn't try the soup myself, but I looked around and watched as others did. And the reaction on their faces told me that it probably tasted of dishwater. A while after we got our soup our main courses arrived. I had the Teriyaki Chicken. Let me say that the rice was mushy and the chicken was cold. I could hardly eat any of it. The chicken was served on top of a nasty piece of lettuce that just made me want to barf. Forgive me if I am being a little sensational here, I am trying to make up for the lack of sensation I had when eating the food. Two of my other coworkers had some noodle dish of which they complained that there wasn't enough chicken in it. As we were eating what we could I saw the cook at the sushi bar premaking some food. There was nobody in the restaurant and I wondered who he was making all of it for. Clearly the food isn't prepared fresh and I could taste it in my own dish. I thought to myself, "..how long ago was this chicken cooked, because it is cold now." I must say that Ichi Ban had one thing going for it, great tasting Coke. After we finished, we got the bill and it ended up costing me $12! I normally don't complain about prices. I'm not poor. But for what we got, it just wasn't worth it. I was pissed. Perhaps I had been a bad boy and maybe that is why I got such horrible food. As we left we all decided not to come back, thank God. I wonder how long Ichi Ban will last before it goes under. It looked and tasted pretty grim.
4	i pretty much love this place. yes, i understand that in order to get phenomenal sushi, i should probably go to some place on the west coast with instant access to the freshest seafood possible butttttttt since i live in arizona and really dont feel like hopping on a plane to LA every weekend, i'm going to make due with what i have which is Ichi Ban. i love this place for many reasons:1. 1/2 price on sushi rolls when you order 5 or more (dine in only)2. super friendly sushi chefs that are extremely hilarious and will take pictures with you.3. fun atmosphere with an easy access sushi bar4. they serve alcohol (yes, i know you expect this from restaurants but i always like to point out the fact some place as liquor because, well, i'm a lush sometimes. yes, sometimes.)5. variety of sushi and specialty rolls6. you can have teppanyaki if you really want to.i mean really, how could you go wrong? well, you could just inherently suck, but who's judging? the past 4 times i've gone i've had a great experience with excellent service and tasty sushi goodness. so happy ichi ban is right around the corner :)
3	Only reason I gave this place three stars was because I have not tried the food yet BUT I will say this place is a good place to stop by and go to the bar for a few rounds of sake bombers. Ridiculously cheap, me and the boyfriend had four rounds and only spent about $23 bucks that was including the beer as well. The staff is awesome as well, very attentive and funny as hell. We had such a good experience just having drinks at the bar that we will def be back for a full experience with food. I'm not a huge sushi person but glancing over the menu.. They have ALOT of sushi if that's your thing. The appetizers really looked good, will be trying those next time fa sho :)
4	Unique and fun. Sushi chefs are funny and entertaining. Great rolls and AWESOME specials. If you buy 5 rolls you get them all half price, this includes the tamago which is only about 2.50, so if you don't want alot of rolls you can get that and still get the discount. Sake is really good too. The hours are odd, that would be the only negative to me
2	We got there at 8:11 and didn't leave until 10:30 because it took the waiter at least 5 times to get Everyones order right. It took probably until almost 10:00 for everyone to get their food. Only reason I give it 2 stars is because the sushi was great and I got it after a reasonable amount of time. I would only go back here to sit at the sushi bar because they were good and the sushi chefs looked like a good time to have conversations while you eat.
3	Look past the overgrown weeds, and faded 80's exterior, and take a trip back in time, to the days when Sushi was an exotic delicacy, and a wise cracking Hibachi chef makes comically poor attempts to land grilled shrimp into your mouth..  Upon entering Ichi-Ban, I was fairly sure this was going to be a 2 star experience. The place hit it's heyday in 1986, I'm guessing, and the concept and decor are so outdated, it actually ended up being almost like a fantastic retro-dining experience for me. The food, was actually really good too! My previous experiences with Hibachi style Japanese places were LONG AGO, and were not very positive.  Aside from the rather surprisingly racist, and misogynist jokes the Hibachi chef made, I was shocked by how good everything tasted. I had the Calamari ($15.95) which was cooked very nicely right in front of me, and was absolutely delicious.  The simple broth, and salad served at the beginning of the meal were also quite delicious... I could drink the salad dressing by the glass. Super tasty, and everything was very fresh. There was so much Sushi, that I'm even going to list all of what I tried, but everything was fresh, served beautifully, and at the perfect temperature. While it may look practically abandoned on the outside, there's some surprisingly good food being served on the inside.
5	Why is this place so hidden!?  I totally dig this place.  Order 5 or more sushi plates and its half off! Yeah you heard me right starting NOW NOW NOW!!! Go Go Go!!!  Kampai!!! Besides the cheap price I thought the Sushi itself was pretty good; then again I'm no sushi snob a-har a-har a-har...(is Tsunami really a sushi roll?) :)  Our service was pretty good -- she was attentive and you know what, I really appreciate the traditional Kimono she was wearing. I love it!  Moreover, the decor was awesome!  Japanese art and traditional murals that give this place a homey feel.  All that is left is to take off my shoes and put on some zori sandals. - Enjoy!
5	IchiBan is great. The sushi is extremely fresh, and the sushi chefs are more than willing to chat with you and even demonstrate how to make the sushi. The prices are excellent, and the service is good. I like to drink hot tea, and my cup was always filled with fresh tea. Dirty dishes were removed very quickly, and service was attentive. I've eaten sushi around the world, and except for in Tokyo, I haven't had anything better. You can get creative sushi in many other places and pay top dollar for it, but this sushi is wallet friendly and of excellent quality. The chef checks items regularly, and won't serve anything that isn't perfectly fresh. The restaurant also has Tepanyaki tables. I haven't sat at them yet (I've only been a customer for about 11 years), but they seem to be popular. The only drawback is that when the tables are going full blast, it can get a little bit warm near them. I'll keep going back to IchiBan. Their name says it all - IchiBan translates to Number 1.
2	I've been a somewhat regular customer here for 3+ years. I've been eating at places like this for 20+ years. I can see the impact the economy has had on this place. It's been slowly getting worse everytime I visit. Last night was a joke though. No bartender to make mixed drinks. They were out of Bacardi and Captain Morgan. Who doesn't have a bartender and popular alcohol on a Saturday night? Oh well, lets move onto the food. The food was not very good at all. I was surprised because it's usually decent. The filet was not good meat and the lobster was dry. The cook forgot to bring enough rice to the table, he forgot chicken, and not enough cooking supplies. He would keep asking the server to bring him these items asap. I don't see myself ever going back. The total was over $100 for 2 people. For that kinda money I expect good service and good food. Anyone that thinks this place has good sushi, has never really experienced what good sushi is like. I would compare it to the sushi I can buy at Fry's grocery store.
4	It helps to have reservations and to prepare ahead of time.....  Been twice and the second time was not a great experience.  ONE chef to 6 tables.....  NOT good for a friday night.  They were over booked and they had guest serving themselves drinks and water......  But...  It is a great experience!  and the chef we had was AWESOME!  GREAT food!
3	It is a nice restaurant that is within a minute from our house.  The staff has changed and the food is okay.  Last nights experience just wasn't up to my Teppan Grill standards.   The prices aren't to bad and I've never really liked their sushi here.
3	Not the best food, terrible building, it has been everything from a barbecue to a steak house in it's checkered past. It is cheaper than most Japanese restaurants. It is near my house and I get sushi to go. I keep going back since the sushi is good and they are fast.
3	As a child, loved going to this place to see the chefs entertain you with their cooking. They  create huge flames, toss cooked onions onto your plate with the flick of a wrist, and chop and slice things very fast. That said, not sure if those are enough to keep me entertained as an adult. And the food is good but not great. All in all, a fun night for young ones and probably a little underwhelming if you want to pay for great flavor not cooking antics.
3	Was out and about on a Sunday night with a couple of girlfriends and one wanted to stop at Ichi Ban and since I have never been, I was up for the adventure.   When we walked in their wasn't that many people there, maybe a handful and I have to say service was fast & friendly, and that's always a nice touch.I ordered the tempura, teriyaki beef with 6 California rolls; I have to say the tempura was delish! It was light, crispy and very good, was sad when it was all gone.  The teriyaki beet had good flavor, but I wasn't impressed, the California rolls were fresh and tasted good. We also ordered some rolls & nigir and have to say I wasn't really that impressed with some of the rolls.  I am glad I got to check it out, have heard friends talk about the place before, but I'm not sure if I will be coming back any time soon.
5	Great food, great service. Great place to bring the family. Or just to grab a quick bite
1	I specifically signed up to Yelp to write a review for this place.  That's how bad our experience was.  I was really excited to eat at this place, since I've passed by it several times.  We went last Thursday evening around 6:00.  There were only about 4 tables sat when we got there.  We got seated, and that was the last we ever saw of anyone.  We waited for about 15 minutes and no one even came to acknowledge us.  The table right next to us got sat and had their drink and sushi orders taken right away.  We spoke to the the waiter and the manager about the situation, and they appeared to be uninterested and didn't even care.  We ended up leaving.  I'd like to think we weren't being profiled, but who knows.  The place wasn't busy, and they chose to ignore us.  Manager/owner couldn't care less.  Don't go to this restaurant unless you like bad service.
4	Went here for the first time on a Saturday night, and was surprised that the place was completely dead.  The place was on the warm side - which I don't mind - and when my friends asked for AC, they turned it on.  And the wait staff seemed a little miffed by the number in our party (9) and that we all wanted to sit together, but we got it worked out.  Half in our party ordered off the grill and the chef put on a very nice show at the table.  My husband and I had the sushi which was very good except one roll.  It was fried and while the outside layer was a reasonable temperature, the cream cheese on the inside was scalding hot.  And of course you eat sushi in one bite, so the scalding part wasn't discovered until we had put it in our mouths.  So I won't order the cooked ones again, but for the awesome prices I would definitely come back. Two people with appetizer, drinks for my husband, and six rolls plus tax and tip was $40.
4	Great service and pricing, sushi was pretty good too.
3	Ichi ban has pretty decent sushi. What really keeps me coming back here though is the half price sushi menu. I have had numerous bad experiences with their staff, as they are pretty disorganized and don't communicate well.However,  my friend and I keep coming though because we always enjoy the food and wallet friendly price at the end.
5	I love sushi!! This place was great for the price they had a great deal for a guy just wanting to have a variety. Friendly staff also. Great conversation with the chef with family in the sf Bay Area .
1	sadly, they are now closed.
