3	The boo found this spot! I am always excited when it comes to BBQ or soul food. (Do I say that alot? I get excited about a lot of things... lol) So we decided to give it shot. I was relieved to find out it was fairly close to us. Located in the shopping center across from the Santa Fe Station Casino where a movie theater used to be. That is now replaced by a church. The Santa Fe Mining Company is in that same shopping center, just go all the way to the back. Honestly we would have never found this place just driving by.  Once we got in, we found ourselves to be the only ones there. I don't know why, but that always makes me nervous. Our server, who we came to find out is one of the owners, sat us wherever we wanted. It was actually quite nice being the only ones, meant VIP service ;). So after chatting a bit we found out that there was no BBQ due to complaints regarding the smoke from the smoker. So that left fried foods. I wasn't complaining, I never turn down an opportunity to try fried chicken. (not talking KFC here either) The fried chicken dinner - I opted for white meat which came with a boneless breast and 3 chicken wings. Not the traditional way, but I was going to give it a fair shot. It also came with two sides - I chose mac n cheese and potato salad. The chicken was pretty good. I do enjoy ripping it off the bone, but I found this easy and less time consuming. The breading on the chicken was golden, crispy and delicious! Now as for the sides it was 50/50. The mac n cheese was soooo good. Cheesy, gooey and flavorful. The potato salad was good, but not my cup of tea. I am one for a mustard potato salad and this was a very sweet potato salad. I had 3 or 4 bites and set it off to the side, while I picked up the side of mac and stuck my tongue down the inside of the cup to get the last bit of cheese out. It's so very hard to find good mac n cheese, so hold on to one that you find. I am very much used to getting a corn bread muffin or some type of biscuit with my meal, but this one came with a garlic ciabatta roll. Not bad. I liked the change up. So the ultimate kicker here for me is the desserts. I am probably the biggest peach cobbler fan EVER! I have yet to find that one that will leaving me with late night cravings, so I continue on the hunt. Lucky for me they have it as an option. Sadly not available when we were there. So of course I will be back to try it! We did get the opportunity to enjoy the banana pudding. It was delish. I left so full, my pants almost busted. I can't wait to go back and try something else, but I do hope that the complainers in this world will let us have some BBQ soon! BBQ! BBQ! BBQ!
5	My Hubby and  I took my Sister and Mom to eat at Legends and everyone  loved their food. I had the pork chops, potato salad, pinto beans and yams, very delicious. My Mom loved her chicken, my Sister got the catfish dinner they gave her 4 large pieces, my Hubby had the chicken wings they were great. Everything was seasoned well, and very fresh and cooked perfect. The service was great. We will be back. our bill was less than $40 for 4 people. We will be back.
5	This place is good! I just moved to Vegas and spotted this restaurant and quickly went there and the workers were really friendly. I got the Catfish meal with Collard Greens and Red Beans. Omg, it was amazing! Then the lady working suggested that I get their Kool-Aid which wasn't just regular Kool-Aid it had Fruit Punch and I think something else  in it and it was one of the best drinks I ever had. Definitely try this place.
1	***** CLOSED****It was closed, bare and NO notices signifying if they are remodeling or just shut down.  Very disappointed
