5	Compendium is a new show at Planet Hollywood in which musicians pay tribute to legendary bands featuring live music, multimedia and acting during breaks in sets/costume changes. The first band they're paying tribute to is none other than KISS so when I heard that I was all about it. One of my friends who came to town is a huge KISS fan. I arranged to take him along with some other friends to see the show. My entire party had a rockin' good time!The Sin City Theater at Planet Hollywood is on the smaller side but it makes for a more intimate show. Seating was comfortable and waitresses bring drinks directly to your table. As far as I could tell, there wasn't a bad seat in the house.Some of the classics played were "Calling Dr. Love", "I Was Made for Lovin' You", "New York Groove", "Lick It Up", "Shout It Out Loud" and "Rock and Roll All Nite".Luis Reyes does an amazing job as Gene Simmons! That tongue... geez! I was the lucky recipient of a guitar pick from him when he threw it to me. Thanks Luis!At the end of the show, the band stayed out on the red carpet to take photos with fans which I thought was a really nice touch. The entire band was very personable and friendly.You can see the Sin City KISS show now through June 30th. Tickets are available on Ticketmaster here:http://www.ticketmaster.com/Compendium-tickets/artist/1996989The next band featured will be U2 starting July 3rd.
4	I like when you leave a show smiling and feeling entertained. What can I say, Great show (if you like KISS, and I do,) Talented talented band members. Band members are very gracious and hang out for meet and greet photos after the show.Only negative is the venue. They have a drink minimum and call you cheapskate if you order soda or water (don't hold that against the band.) You know I do drink but don't like being told I have to.Highlights for me were solo by SinCity Gene and SinCity Chris. Okay I like bass and drums. Like I told SinCity Chris after the show - drummers rule, try playing that $@?# on a bass. All members did a GREAT job as their KISS counterpart. Seriously, what are you waiting for - Go see this show!
5	This review is for the Nirvana tribute band, which I thought did an amazing job. The venue is crazy small so you'll have a good view anywhere. I sat at a table up front, but I might check them out again and try sitting around the back somewhere. It's a one drink minimum which I didn't mind since I was planning on buying a drink anyway. Overall I would definitely recommend seeing it, if you're a nirvana fan.
5	Fantastic show!!
