4	McHealthy touts itself as having fast natural and organic foods and that is exactly what we got. They have hot entrees, salads, soups, panini style sandwiches, cold sandwiches, and desserts. Service was very friendly and informative. About 4 booths and 10 tables in the place. I started with the Carrots Elvira soup which was fresh and not too creamy. Excellent. Followed by the Turkey Lover Panini. Still trying to determine if your go into a place that states that the food is natural & organic and that makes the food seem to taste fresher and better or if it actually does taste that way. I'll save answer for the results of the blind taste taste. Either way, the sandwich was fresh & delicious. Limited drink selection; again had to let go of my fountain drink and refill requirement. I guess it would be hypocritical for a place that is natural & organic to serve sodas filled with chemicals. In any case, with the 2 bottled waters in my, I feel more hydrated than I have in a long time.
1	I really wanted to like this place. I even prematurely took a menu because I thought I would be ordering dinner as take out from this place as everything looked super healthy in a biggest loser sort of way. I ordered the Antioxidant Salad (see photo) and it was AWFUL. The lettuce was fresh looking but had tons of wilted slimy pieces on it. The chicken or turkey was dry and chewy. The walnuts were not candied and the salad dressing was non existent. Basically this salad was not even edible and I ended up throwing it out after I picked out the edible bits. Sad :(
5	This place isn't closed, I was just there.  Good spot for a quick meal.  I had the hummus veggie wrap and it was great.
3	McHealthy, what happened to you?!  The last two times I've been to visit haven't been stellar.  There seems to be a new pricing structure and the food quality is going down hill.  I got the Chicken Caesar wrap and wished I'd gone to Chick-fil-a instead.  I'll have to stick with the salads and veg options here.
