4	I've been coming to this Bashas' location for as long as I can remember, and I really like this location! The staff are very friendly, and I never shy away from asking for help if I need it. The prices are reasonable and the selection is decent. The reason I wouldn't rate this five stars, is because you could go to Fry's or some of the larger grocery stores and get better prices and selection. However, if you're looking for a friendly neighborhood market, this place is great!Lastly, this location has a full service Wells Fargo branch. The employees at this bank are always really nice and helpful. Overall, this grocery store is great!
2	This Bashas is really annoying. Not much for selection and I have often bought expired items. The self check out stations have a goal in life to piss you off and waste your time. Trying to buy a card? Put it on the scanner and wait, because obviously that card is a fruit of some sort.In a hurry? 5 items won't scan and the helper is nowhere in sight.Feel something dripping down your leg? That's right sucker, the soy milk you are about to purchase has a hole in it. I go because it is the closest to the house and sometimes it is to dang hot to drive all the way to the blingy Fry's on Tatum.
1	Totally never coming back to this or any bashas store. I had an issue with a very rude employee at this store (who also had a huge chew in his mouth). I called to talk to the manager about it and lo and behold it is the manager with the chew that was rude. So..I go to their website and leave a message in their comment/complaint section. It says that you will receive a response within a couple days. Never got a call back to discuss. So, the final step....a negative yelp review. Sorry Bashas I tried to reach out and you slapped me. Off to Frys from now on!
5	Just did a new remodel on the inside of this location. It looks great! Cant beat a home town grocery.
4	Great donuts here!! Also Espolon Tequila, both Silver and Gold!!!
1	I visited this store earlier in the week and bought roast beef from the deli section.  I noticed a plastic container with cheese samples.  As I reached to turn the dome and retrieve a piece, I noticed mildew around the edges of the dome.When I returned home, I was going to make a sandwich.  The roast beef had an odd taste and upset my stomach.  I returned it to the store and told the manager the roast beef was bad and made me sick.  He informed me that he could not understand that, that it takes 36-72 hours for a person to get sick.  He said he had taken a food management course and learned it takes that long to get sick.I asked if he was the manager of that store, and he said no, that he is the director.
4	Great store - good neighborhood place to get staples.  Prices are definitely competitive.  It is such easier access vs. the Fry's at Tatum and TBird.  Very friendly check out people.
2	Okay store, they don't offer double coupons, only at face value.  Only come here for eggs and milks.  Surprise that they are still in business!
