3	Big buffet restaurant. Lots of options, lots of seating.The food was reasonable quality for a buffet, and the food seemed buffet quality fresh even an hour before closing. Lots of choices for meat eaters (vegetarians, see note below). I was amazed to see French fries and mac and cheese at a Chinese buffet, but there they were alongside the egg drop soup and fried spring rolls.I'd say the food is not health food (e.g. the noodle dish was quite greasy), so it's fairly standard Chinese food style eating.Don't miss the ice cream freezer in the back. About 8-10 flavors of scoop your own.Not a place for vegetarians. That's what I am, so that's my main perspective. While they do have a few vegetarian options in the buffet, they were just meat dishes without the meat. No tofu to be found anywhere. If you're vegetarian and end up here, you'll be able to eat, but you probably will be disappointed.
1	The buffet is of a good size, and it does appear to be kept relatively fresh, but I'm going to have to say that the quality is... questionable.  I'm not trying to say that the food is undercooked or anything along those lines.  Just that when you bite into a piece of teriyaki chicken on a stick, it should generally taste like chicken (or at least a meat that tastes like chicken).Doing so here tasted like, well, something else.  In fact, just about everything here tasted like something else.Again, it wasn't that the food was bad or out-of-date or anything.  It is just that everything - meat, vegetables and even sauces - didn't taste quite right.  It's quite possible that the taste buds in my mouth were off or something, but a bite a short while later at the bakery was just fine.  So my money is on the Lotus Buffet.  You can draw your own conclusions.
2	Not bad but not the best.We've eaten here twice. The first time was so-so, the second time was better.  Food-wise(Gross out side note: their bathrooms need better ventilation. The second time we ate here, we were seated on the side near the bathroom. Let's just say that after someone went in, we had to move to the other side of the restaurant to escape the smell.)The price is okay. Better if you have a student ID.
3	Decent buffet.  Good price.  If you are looking for a large selection- this is not the place.  But if you want to fend of hunger and need a decent meal at a decent price this is the place.
4	I like Lotus quite a bit, by far my favorite buffet in Charlotte. I usually go during lunch hours (before 4pm) because the dinner buffet runs about $10 plus drink and tip... I believe it's $6.99 for lunch.Lots of vegetarian items! The mai fun, fried rice, and lo mein on the buffet are always vegetarian and I believe they make their own vegetarian spring rolls. I really like their sliced fried zuchini, it's not always served though. They have a dessert bar as well as a freezer with about six varieties of ice cream and sherbert.
2	The epitome of the Americanized Chinese buffet. As much fried American food as there is Chinese. Sushi is all surimi. Everything tastes the same, the way food does when you have a cold and your nose is stuffed up. Service is usually decent. It's cheap and the place is always packed; there's obviously a big market for this sort of thing.They really need an extra person doing some cleanup on the food bar. The last time I was there you could literally feel the grime of everyone who had picked up the food ladles. Really grossed me out and have never been back.
1	Literally the worst Chinese buffet I have ever been to. I'm shocked this place has 3 stars. My husband enjoys buffets so I allowed him to drag me here, but I will not be returning. -Execution of everything was poor. Sushi was mushy. Vegetables limp and overlooked. All sauces were too sweet and most tasted the same. Some items had no flavor at all. Just mush and a colorant. -Nothing on the buffet was hot. Nothing. It wasn't even warm. I have no idea how this hasn't failed a health inspection. -The ice cream variety was nice. But the amount of kids hanging into the case and slobbering into it was disconcerting.
2	Not the worst Chinese I've had, but definitely not the best.  Good for a cheap lunch, but very Americanized selection.  Wait staff is friendly and attentive, the food was hot, buffet was fairly well maintained.  More like fuel than food!
2	Greasy unappetizing fried food. Low quality ingredients. Pretty much tastes all the same.Never again.
2	Since there are more options in the area Lotus has really took the last place to go. The buffet area look very small compared to the other Chinese buffets. The pricing is a bit high. I would definitely choose a different buffet overall. The food is ok, I only go when we get their coupons in the mail or they have a promotion. Cause it's really not worth the $10.99 they charge
5	best chinese food! people that work here are so nice!
5	10 years ago I came in regularly and enjoyed.  The bar lost its self and I stopped going in completely.  Earlier this year I got a coupon and decided to walk in to take a glance at the selection.  The restaurant wasn't crowded at all, but I was shocked how fresh the food looked so I settled down to enjoy excellent cooked crab legs, cray fish, shrimp. Salt/pepper octopus..  great cooks and fresh,  also ice cold beer.  The only thing that can use help with is the sushi.  They do not do any real selection but everything else out ways the sushi.  Enjoy!!
4	My husband and I frequent this place pretty often. The food is always delicious and fresh. I love the crab ragoons! Best I have tasted! Staff is always friendly and service is nothing to complain about. We always get a friendly, "come spend your money with us" smile and greeting every time we come, which is wonderful in today's society. Considering the fact that some businesses feel they don't have to appeal to, or make any effort to earn your business. The watermelon is really sweet and delicious too! Health/Sanitation grade was 98.5. Enjoy! I always do! OMG! I almost forgot,  the Sake is the bomb.com!
3	Ate here today with my ol' lady, and the food was great. Had 2 plates and a plate of fruit. Now here is where it gets tricky. I was full, and my lady discovered that they hadn't cleaned the shrimp properly before they cooked em.  Being that I had already ate about 6 or 7, ewww. So I'm like whatever, I'm about to eat this fruit, The grapes had seeds. ITS 2014, we got cars that drive themselves, we can flush toilets hands free, I should not bite into seeds in a grape. But like I said, the food was great. I'll let you judge. I got
5	I was looking for a Chinese food cater for a small group party. Lotus catered a couple of friends' wedding so I called them to give it a try, though I had not been there before. Linda was super nice and she definitely knows how to do catering business and make her customers happy. I ordered fan fried dumplings and chicken wings. They were delicious. My guests were happy with the food too. Linda not only asked if I needed extra paper products and dipping sauces also followed up and asked how the food was. Linda was also very flexible with order amount and offered great prices for my orders. Great experience, also cater!
