4	Okay, we've all been to JC Penney at one point or another. I recently have been on the lookout for some drapes and heard they were having a huge sale so I wandered over. They have an enormous selection and, for someone who's never purchased drapes before, it can be extrememly overwhelming. I picked out the only set I liked, which of course, didn't come in the size I needed. I needed both 84 inch and 95 inch, and apparently 95 is hard to come by. I was about to throw in the towel and leave, but the sales associate came to my rescue and assured me that we could try to order them and I'd have them within the week. She held up the line in order to cater to me and called around searching for which other stores carried that size until she found it. As I was told, they came a day sooner than she promised. If you need drapery, go to JC Penney - they will go above and beyond for you!
3	It's been a while since I've been to JCPenney.  Probably a decade.  Seriously.  The only reason I went this time was because my mom sent me some clothes for Christmas, and, well, I didn't really care for them.  And keep the jokes about my mom dressing me to a minimum, please.  I was taking them back, thankyouverymuch.There are three problems that I have with JCP - one is not really specific to this store, so I'll cover it first.This is the only one anywhere near our house.  It's the only one in Charlotte (and it's actually in Pineville).  There was one in Eastland, but it closed some time back, after a brief experiment as an outlet.  It's just odd, but you can't really count that as a strike against this store - I just thought I'd mention it.Second is the size of the place, and again, that's not really a fault here, as it is a department store.  What is a problem is the organization.  There isn't any.  Say you want to find something in the men's section - it's all over the place.  Finding anything is nearly impossible.Lastly is the staff.  They are just about useless.  I took my return to a desk to see how much I had to work with (having only a gift receipt).  He told me $24.99.  So I found something for $24.99.  After returning to the same guy, he told me I owed nearly $9.  How is that possible?  He scanned the item's barcode, not the gift receipt - so I promptly made him figure it out - which should have involved changing the price of my item to the discounted price.  But it took him a while to figure that out.I did get the discounted price, which is why I enjoyed the experience overall, and I probably shouldn't have - wouldn't have even expected it if he had scanned the right thing in the first place.  But it shouldn't have taken nearly that long.The real reason I think it's worthwhile is that the prices (at least right now) are awfully good.  Lots of 50 and 60% discounts, so it's a good time to back up the truck.
4	JCPenney is not high fashion.  Indeed, most people would consider it to be mom fashion at best.  Those people are not 6 and a half feet tall.See, here's the thing: when you're as tall as I am, your options are limited.  Trendy stores don't sell clothes for you.  You're stuck with specialty (read expensive) shops, the internet (if it wasn't for this, I'd be naked), and a couple regular retailers that have a smattering of tall sizes.JCPenney falls into this last category.  Their smattering is actually a lot bigger than most others' (that sounds gross).  The pants in their big and tall section are usually just big (50 x 29, I mean), but they have a reliable selection of tall shirts in reasonable girths.  Some of them are even pretty attractive.The reason this store doesn't get a higher rating is that it's pretty unorganized.  You kind of have to wander all over the place to get what you want.  Chances are, however, that it's there.Don't go out of business, JCPenney.  I need you.
4	After seeing myriad commercials and advertisements everywhere for the new JCP, I decided to pay them a visit.  It has been many, many, many years since I have even set foot in JCP.  I had not even given them a thought.  However, it is a new year and times have changed.  My visit netted quite a few items for my girls, not so much for myself.  Shopping on a Friday evening after work is, in fact, hard work.  The staff members were very nice and all of them greeted me cheerfully.I ended up shopping online and found a couple items that I am quite pleased with.  I will say that many items were out of stock online; this is a clear indication that JCP has ramped up their merchandise quality and many haven taken notice and are reaping the benefits.  Shop JCP online to take your time viewing the merchandise.  If you are up to it, shop the store.  The 1st and 3rd Friday sales are on limited items that are on clearance.
4	I used the ship to store feature on the website to get free shipping since the mall is really close to my house. It was quick and easy, and definitely better than trying to fight people for product in the store. I didn't quite understand where I could pick up my order, so since it was shoes I walked to that section to ask. The girl at the front was really friendly and she called up to the receiving department who brought down my shoes. I checked to see that 1. it was the correct shoe and 2. that they were the correct size. Both were true, so she printed me a receipt, and I signed that I received the merchandise, then I was on my way! Very pleasant experience and definitely worth it to save $8.
5	This review is for the salon. I was looking to get my hair cut but no place could fit me in. I stopped by jcpenney where they made me an appointment with Chris. He was awesome. listened to what I wanted and gave me a great cut for under $40. I will definitely be back!
