4	We love coming here for breakfast, they offer several great tasting choices, and always with a great view of the Las Vegas valley down the hill to the north.
1	Never has been anything to rave about but in the past week I know of 3 people who have gotten sick within a couple hours of eating breakfast there.  I am calling the Health Dept in the morning.....service is always bad but getting sick is over the top and we live here....something is not right in that kitchen.
2	We come here a few times a year with our in-laws, who live down the street.  For several years, the breakfast was beyond serviceable, with some really good choices, prepared properly and quite flavorfully.In recent years, though, things have changed...and despite multiple complaints to our server for the kitchen, they clearly don't get the message.  So we are done.Issue 1:  when serving a large party, while it is classy to serve the whole table at once, either you need to teach the chef to time his meals better or serve them as they are ready so everyone gets a hot, fresh meal.  I received a plate this morning with cold Benedict and hot potatoes...yuck.Issue 2:  speaking of the Benedict, poached eggs are served with an easy yolk, not a hard yolk.  And hollandaise isn't supposed to be flavorless.  Yours is.  And when a patron wants a side, serve it warm...like their meal.I tell you this every time I come...and it hasn't changed.  Not coming back.PS:  the 2nd star is for the wonderful party we had there...staff was nice, if not slow.
3	Breakfast served was better than average. Service was ok. Worst feature was that windows in dining area were badly in need of a wash. Bad feature in an establishment featuring a Strip/ valley view.
5	We love to have breakfast here a couple of times a week.  Eggs, bacon, home style potatoes and toast are served fast with a pot of coffee or pitcher of iced tea placed on the table by a friendly, efficient server.  Views of the valley and strip are remarkable.  There is a hummingbird that flies along the flower bed underneath the window every time we are there, along with quail, ducks and rabbits.  This is a great place to relax and have a good breakfast.
1	Awful service at lunch.  Food okay but you need to be prepared to spend the afternoon here.
