5	OMG!  This is THE BEST food for a strip mall, non-descript bar and grill in the universe!  Yes, the universe!  The motto on the door as you walk in states: "Warm beer, Bad food"....NOT!!!  This place has it all: GREAT FOOD, GREAT, FRIENDLY SERVICE and incredibly reasonable prices.You just can't go wrong here with anything on the menu, but you must have the all-you-can-eat Fresh Fried Fish!  My family took me here on my first night here in Phoenix and I can't wait to go back!  I ordered the fried fish dinner with fries, coleslaw and 2 home-made sauces for the fish: a cucumber-dill tartar sauce and cocktail sauce which isn't afraid of horseradish. Other party members ordered the all-you-can-eat pork chop dinner (every Thursday nights special) with mashed potatoes and gravy, coleslaw and dinner roll .  Sweet Mother of God, this food is good!  The service is so friendly, I felt like a member of the family there!  Our waitress, Debbie, was so attentive and just so personable, I feel like adding her to my Christmas card list!Now, I have to tell about the dessert....are you sitting down?  Okay, they make these brownie bites they lightly deep fry and serve with warm caramel sauce.  Yes, I said, deep fry!  These caused me to nearly faint from a foodgasm.It needs to be said that the deep fried foods are NEVER greasy. The oil is absolutely fresh and nothing is cross-fried...the fish is fried separately from everything else and it seemed the brownies had their own fryer too.It is definitely a local place with the customers well known and well taken care of and I'm sure a weekly, if not nightly destination.I can't wait to go for Monday's special all-you-can-eat Chicken Fried Steak dinner!Oh, my Weight Watchers leader is going to spank me when I get home, but it was worth the extra points/pounds!
4	This is another one of those places that you would typically miss when driving by in your car, or even if you were stopped at a light right there on Olive, possibly even if you were sitting at a bus stop across the street. It has blank concrete and glass facade. But inside, it's like Cooter's garage, but cleaner, and way bigger.I was a bit fuzzy when my friends dragged me in here, but I seem to recall high ceilings, neon, and aluminum signs. But I could be wrong. I definitely remember that I utterly devoured a platter of hot, fried shrimp served with a nicely spicy, horseradishy cocktail sauce, and that our server was so sweet. I've heard that their Friday fish fry can't be missed. Judging from those shrimp alone, I'd say that's probably very true.
3	Okay, based on the food alone I would give the Q 4 stars.  Good fish which isnt greasy and is worth the trip there.The decor on the other hand is terrible.  I am a vegetarian (that eats fish obviously) and was pretty freaked out with all of the stuffed dead animals hanging all over the restaurant.  Like big bears and all kinds of heads right over your table, it was too much.Also, after leaving here, everything you are wearing and your hair smell like fish, even the next morning so you have to shower after you leave.  I might have to try take out and give it another review.
3	Q Bar and Grill is nowhere close to home for me.  However, most of the people I spend my time with live in the Glendale area and I have been in need of a reliable place to stop in for a drink on the Westside.  What I've found is A LOT of dives (but not in a good way) OR big name resturaunts with bars in them and ridiculously over priced drinks.  Last night I refused to do the whole "where do you wanna go, I dunno" back and forth convo so I yelped before leaving the house and it didn't let me down. This little gem is so hidden- my cousin who lives 1/2 mi away didn't know it was there.  We walked in and the place was packed!  My cousin and I barely squeezed in at the bar.  It smelled like yummy fried shrimp inside.  This place has a "margaritaville" type decor.  It's a little tacky but hey, I'm there have a good time, not buy home furnishings.  The drinks and food were very inexpensive, we got our drink on for 3 hours then split a selection of fried veggies $37 + tip, cheap night out.  The service was great!  Very quick bartenders, cute but not bitchy which is a rare find in the bars around our lovely city. I always like to comment on the restroom when I go to a place because I'm not a big fan of using public restrooms and I know I'm not the only one out there.  I can't say they were that great.  Dirty and dated.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It' got a dark, quirky atmosphere that reminded me of a little hick bar up in the mountains.   We had heard about it from a friend, and the reviews were pretty good, so we thought we'd try it for lunch a few Fridays ago.  I guess our first mistake was not getting the fish- that's what they are famous for.  But we had gotten the zucchini/mushroom basket and didn't care for the breading (too greasy) so we figured the fish wouldn't be all that great.  I ordered the rueben sandwich, and all I can say is it was the strangest one I've ever had.  I don't know if it's because the grill might not have been clean or what, but the meat tasted exactly like a shredded hot dog.  I know that sounds weird, but that's the best description I have for it.  But the beer was ice cold, and the waitress was feisty, so that scores a couple of points in my book.
4	This place is right across the street from my parent's house and though I used to live there a few years ago, I never once was interested in going in. It's in a strip mall so it's not very easy to spot. My fiance likes coming here with his buddies for dinner during his Guys' Nights. He always came home smelling like fried food so I was never curious in the slightest sense to come here. He brought me home some Thai Chile Wings after a night out with the guys and I found those delicious, but I still couldn't get over the smell of fried fish every time he came back from this place. He and some friends dragged us here after a day at the shooting range. I was still skeptical when we walked into the bar, but was pleasantly surprised after trying their food. Their buffalo wings were good. I had the spicy beef sandwhich, which I couldnt finish because it was fairly big. The nacho cheese made it somewhat messy, but delicious nonetheless. My fiance loves the Buffalo Burger here. The beer came out nice and cold and the waitress was very friendly and constantly came back to check on us. She knows the guys by now because they come in so often so they had a little fun banter back and forth. Left here smelling like fried fish, no doubt - even though no one at our table had any fish. THat's really my only complain about this place, but I have to admit I really enjoyed the food. Very casual, good food, friendly wait staff. The Mr. wont have to drag me to come here again! :-P
4	Yay! I think I finally found a cool dive bar close to work to frequent. I stopped in a couple of weeks ago for an early happy hour/quick bite to eat. I was a little nervous about ordering food from the appearance of the outside of the bar. My kind of place to drink, but not necessarily to eat. The inside looks better, but still dark and bar like. I asked to see the menu and was surprised to see the selections, and even more surprised by the pastrami sandwich I had. It was tasty. The best part was the bread, grilled to perfection. I would definitely recommend a cocktail and a bite to eat at the Q. I wasn't there long enough to give it a 5, so I'm going back today to try it again. If you drive by that area, stop in and give it a try.
4	Great little Bar & Grill.  a real Dive.  I loved it!  The place was packed but we walked right in and found an empty table.  We ordered the "All you can eat fish" and it was on our table before we knew it.  The wait staff was very friendly and prompt.  The drinks were cold, served quickly, and inexpensive.I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a "Mom & Pop" type place full of locals.
3	Went here over the holidays w/my parents, sister, and parents' friends.  This place is definitely a dive.  Good, relaxed atmosphere.  They had a Hawaiian breeze drink special that night--those were good and reasonably priced.  I had wings for dinner--they were mediocre.  Not too spicy.  I am kinda picky about my wings.
5	BEST FISH IN TH VALLEY...........HANDS DOWN!!!!!! GO CHECK IT OUT!!!!  Oh, and the other food is good too!!
4	I really like the grilled cheese with the green chilies. Great bar food but you WILL smell like fish fry when you leave so not great for a date night unless you are already in that comfortable stage. Oh and the corned beef is stellar too.
3	Surprisingly good food for a dive bar. The all-you-can-eat fish fry is their specialty and we get it often. I do think it is priced a little high, but if you eat a lot, it's worth it. Their coleslaw is the best. Pastrami sandwich is great and so are their fries. Nothing fancy, just cold beer and good food.
1	Lived by and drove by this place for many years, didn't know such awesome fish could be served in a hole in the wall place, the Pollack is amazing, my go to place for all you can eat fish on a Friday night... Staff is very friendly and prompt...~~~~~~~~UPDATE~~~~~~~~~~Very very very disappointed with this place,  the pollack was awful,  the more pieces I got the worse it got, the fries were like pieces of rubber.Will probably never go back
4	Great fish I grew up in the Midwest and this is as close to a mom and pop bar and grill as you get love the rustic cabin feel will defiantly be coming back.
2	its a good place for  awesome fish fry all you can eay on friday nights.yummy, so if you are in the mood for fish drop by.
5	Nice place to hang out with friends. Good beer and friendly staff! Excited to come back to this bar close to home!
5	The servers and atmospheric are fantastic....you feel at home the second you walk in...I havent had service this good since 1998! The only fish you can get FRESH in Phoenix! !!!!!! I will definately return often
1	We have been going here for fish for years. We continued to go even as the price kept going up.  We went in this past Friday, July 25, 2014.  The fish was awful and at $13.00, no way, not even for free.   Not only was the food bad, it was just dirty.  .I know the tables are coated with something that makes them sticky, but not the menus and salt and pepper shakers...  Just gross.  Wow this place has really gone down hill. Very disappointing.  We will not be going back, nor will other family members, who come to find out had a similar experience a few weeks ago.
2	Came here to enjoy some fish fry. Sat at our table for 20 minutes and hadn't even got greeted. Finally we get up to leave and the servers who repeatedly made eye contact with us told us "have a good night!" Ummm we haven't even been served.. I am giving two stars rather than one for the fact that the manager ran after us and told us that if we came back in he would make it right. At that point we were starving and didn't even bother going back in. I would really like to try this place sometime, hopefully they get it together!
5	Atmosphere was very pleasant and easy to have conversations without having to yell across the table.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.  The food was very good and a lot for the price.  We had the "All You Can Eat Fish Fry" was very flavorful and filling.  We are going to go back on Thursday to try the pork chops...
