5	I used a groupon for one dozen cupcakes yesterday and the order was fulfilled by Cakes on a Mission (nb: groupon was originally for Shannicakes, but I'm guessing they have an agreement with Cakes on a Mission to fulfill a certain number of orders due to volume?).  My cupcakes were delivered to my workplace on time and were in a large white bakery box.....upon opening the box, I saw twelve beautifully decorated cupcakes in assorted flavours (lemon, chocolate, red velvet, vanilla, coconut).  I had a lemon cupcake and the cake was moist, lemony, and flavourful.  The lemon buttercream was lovely and tasted great.  I didn't find the cupcake or the buttercream too sweet (I find Retro Bakery's buttercream very sweet for example) and I was very sad to finish eating my cupcake.  My husband had the red velvet and he also was very impressed (he is NOT a cupcake person, so that is sayin' something).  Can't wait to try another one!  Support local businesses!
5	I had a few cupcakes left 3 days after I bought the original dozen.  They were still moist and the buttercream was still yummy.  Happy tummy.
5	I had a really difficult time finding a bakery to do my cake for my wedding in Las Vegas.  I think it had something to do with my wedding being the day after Thanksgiving.  Cakes on a Mission was actually recommended to me by the only other bakery who even responded to my inquiries.  I was impressed.Cakes on a Mission also donates some of the proceeds from each cake to charity, another aspect of their business I was really impressed with.I've admitted before that I was completely not a bride-y bride for my wedding, and this carried over into my wedding cake.  I really ordered a wedding cake b/c it was (for some reason) really important to my mom.  And since I was dragging my family to Vegas for my wedding the day after Thanksgiving, and wasn't having the big wedding at home in Chicago, I gave in and decided to order a cake.See above, where this turned out to not be an easy process.  Other bakeries just would not call/email/anything me back.  But in swoops Christina from Cakes on a Mission, and she takes care of everything.  She's obviously really passionate about what she does and (rightly) takes pride in her work.  She was the only vendor in ALL my Vegas wedding plans that I didn't have to constantly hunt down.  She contacted me, followed up, and (god bless her) put up with my lack of imagination and forethought re:wedding cake.  She was awesome.We decided on a simple, classic, with Vegas themed cake.  I chose red velvet cake with cream cheese filling for one layer and vanilla-bean with raspberry mouse for the other.  The red-velvet was amazing, everyone said so.  And the cake design was exactly what I wanted.  Christina instilled so much confidence that I didn't really think about the cake, until we got to the reception and I was so happy to see it there waiting for us.I can't say how the vanilla bean cake layer was b/c its at home in the freezer.  Yep, me, the girl who really didn't want to bother with the cake became so attached to it, that I had the top layer wrapped up, frozen, boxed, and shlepped it all through the rest of our trip, made it my carry-on, sat with it at the airport for 10+ hours of flight delays and finally got it home.  My bridal shoes and bouquet were not this lucky.Oh and Christina was also the only vendor who followed up after the wedding, and was much appreciated.I loved this cake!
1	Horrible experience and cake.  I spoke to Christina and we agreed on what I wanted.  The delivery girl showed up with something totally different.  The writing on the cake was misspelled and was half the size I ordered.  I called Christina and she argued with me over the phone about it and then wouldn't return my calls or answer her phone when I tried to get my $ back.  She ruined our big day. Do not use her.
4	Christina did an AMAZING job on my daughters first birthday cake. The details on the cake were executed perfectly! This would have to be the most beautiful cake I've ever ordered next to my wedding cake. Christina is extremely nice and easy to work with. She even hand-delivered the cake on time! I ordered a red velvet cake which was really dense but dry and lacked the rich red velvet flavor but the presentation of the cake made up for it. The best part is that a great portion of the proceeds go to charity! Cakes on a Mission is not only a great business but also an inspiration.
