3	Named after a man - but a womans paradise. Hmmmm. I like it! Michaels is a great place to go for all your crafty needs from holiday decorating to scrapbooking. Make sure to check your paper as in almost every add they will have %40 off one item. Always helps!They also have a specialty framing center in the back so check it out. I have never used them to frame anything before but...well...its there.Happy Scrapping, Scrap-booking...ext hahaha
3	This location is suffering a little bit.  For a store that offers things to make arts and crafts, it looks more like Costco.  The quality of the items is a little sub par in general, but for a place that offers general supplies, it's not bad either.  You can easily find better art supplies for a better price via the internet.  However, the staff seems really friendly.
4	We went here to get some needed art supplies.  This store has a much larger selection than other Michael's with multiple price points for an item.       I also got a clearance orange butterfly hair/clothes clip for fall/halloween by happenstance.   This store could be hours of fun searching for stuff depending....
4	This year my husband and I decided to make gift baskets for many of our friends and family members for the holidays. This meant many trips to the various craft stores in the Henderson area. Of the Henderson area craft stores, Michaels is my favorite. It's easily accessible, open 7 days a week and the pricing is very fair.Bonus tip: Michaels accepts mobile coupons! So if you are like me, always forgetting to print the coupons you need for your shopping trips, no worries, just hand over your cell and let the cashier scan the barcode!
3	From time to time I get into a hobby that will keep my interest for a little while. Most recently, it is jewelry making. Gentleman's accessory tend to be bland and cookie cutter, so the best remedy is to make your own. The act of sitting down and working on something is also good for the mind. It provides time to just sit back and concentrate on your hand/eye dexterity. Mine are as efficient as a toddler's, but that does not deter me from trying. Look in the local newspapers or mail for Michael's 40%-50% off coupons. Twine, wire, beads, clasps, and other jewelry equipment are inexpensive. It just takes some time to weed through everything.
4	On saturday, we were in the area, so went to this store location, for a change. This store is much bigger than the regular go-to store we go to, on Decatur. I was looking at the semi-precious beads (left side, after the stickers and scrap booking supplies), while my husband looked at the picture frame selection. I went to the end caps (inside, towards the wall) and discovered the clearance sections. Well, I found some contenders, so I was here a while. I found lots of jolee's jewels- swarovski beads packages marked down to $1.99 and $2.99, regularly $4.99! I also found some natural red coral beads @ $1.99. We also went to the sticker section to check out the Hawaii stickers, also by Jolee's, for $4.99. I tried using my 40% single item coupon, but learned that the stickers were on sale, too. So I passed it along to the next customer in line (would rather someone use it than for it to go to waste). All in all, I was pleased with the bead selection. What I love about Michael's beads (compared to Jo-Ann's), is that the beads are categorized, which makes it easier to find what you are looking for (ie. natural (wood, pearls), glass (manmade), semi-precious, crystal, etc.). There were quite a few customers here and the checkout line was long, but quickly dispersed, after another cashier came to help out. There is a slightly different selection here, this store is much bigger, and it is newer, too. I like it. If we are in the area, will need to check this place out again, definitely.
4	Nice staff!   FYI military discount not given at this location.
2	I am very irritated about my most recent trip to Michael's. I am a frequent craft store shopper, and have been a customer at this location for some time. So you will understand my irritation when after shopping for almost 2 hours and filling a cart with everything from paint to picture frames, I was told that there is a 20% off sale tomorrow... The catch is that I either had to forgo the discount and purchase my things today, or leave my full cart and come back tomorrow. I requested that they hold my things until they open tomorrow so that I can adhere to their policy of not offering a discount on previously purchased items. I was told that they were unwilling to do that. My irritation is not at their policy exactly, which is not very customer focused or accommodating, but more with the staff. Had I been informed of their 20% sale when I entered the store, I would have certainly forgone today's trip and come tomorrow to better spend my 2 hours of browsing and shopping time. Due to the total dollar amount (over $100) that I was planning to spend, the discount is significant... Needless to say I left my full cart and plan to stop by tomorrow. Since I have no desire to spend the same amount of time again, I will most likely scale down and get the necessities. Not only did they miss out on a high dollar sale, but they have lost a customer as well, I will be going to the one on eastern instead. It's the principal and the lack of customer service.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Michaels.I am not into crafting, but over the last few months I've had to frame around 200 pieces of artwork, making Michaels a necessary evil.On the plus side, you are almost always guaranteed that no matter what your framing need is, Michaels IS going to have what you are looking for, period. In addition to that, almost everything in the frame department is generally either 40%-50% off, or buy one-get one, etc....so the prices which are normally high, are usually reduced to normal, or at least reasonable.The downside is that you need to plan for extra time, for a couple of reasons.....First, they are always understaffed. So while there may be 6 registers, I've enever seen more that 1 or 2 open, so that usually slows the process down considerably if there are a few people in line.Secondly, and maybe it's me, but it seems that almost every time I go, at least one of my purchases doesn't ring up at the sale price, causing someone to have to go look. Which when you are short-staffed to begin with, can be exhausting.So in short, Michaels gets a 3. Not bad, but not great.
4	Love this place, maybe too much at times!!!!!  Always need to get away fast!!!!
4	Great place. Only issue is they are very tricky with the sales. You can save money I you buy at the right time!
4	These folks usually have everything I need for crafts or art. They often have good sales too. Today when i went a bunch of $1 sand buckets fell on my head,  but that was an anomaly.
1	This is my review for the framing department.  I took my husbands jersey in to have it framed.  The gentlemen helping me seemed so disinterested in his job.  I don't think he wanted actually wait on me.  Im one to usually let it go since I don't know what else he has going on in his life.  After he took all of the measurements and framing options, I thought the price was a little high even with my coupon.  I took my quote from Michaels over to JoAnn's....  They beat it by a huge margin! Since this review is only for that particular department, I know I'll be back in that store for my scrapbooking or baking supplies.
5	I love the unique placement and ambience of product placement & I get some really unexpected ideas.
2	Prices seems to be going up while service is going down. Staff is noting interested in talking with friends than helping customers find things. When you do track down a staff member they only half listen to what you are asking and just get back to chatting with their friends. Prices have also gone way up. The selection is down and not worth the trip.
4	I like this michael's much more than the one on Eastern/silverado ranch.They have cute little carts that you can put items in, or, if you're like me, put your baby in the large part of the basket, and use the little "seat" as your basket. They have the long pole attached to them. SO PLEASE, remember that you can not walk out with them...Like I tried to do today, and make a huge ass out of myself as my cart was clanking on the door...Anyways.I always feel that the isles are too small here. If you and another person are in the same isle, prepare to make nice....or to suck it in.....or keep walking and come back when the other person leaves...which is what I tend to do. I found exactly what I wanted here. Who would have thought that I would have found wood plaques for around $4, here, and not at Lowes? So, you can't build a house with them, but that's not what I am trying to do.I also found a stamper/puncher to make the perfect heart, at 25% off, might I add.Of course, they always try and get you with these baskets at checkout while you wait in line. Well, they got me. I found the cutest floral blank cards/notes with envelopes for .75 cents. I believe there is six in a package.Made it out of here in under $25. Yeah, I'm a fan.
2	From Burning Man to EDC I have a lot of projects that I'm always working on. And I've become quite familiar with the various national chain craft stores that are close to Sunset and Stephanie in Henderson. Michaels is a place I'll go to...but being honest it's usually my 3rd choice. This particular location is one of the larger Michael's stores I've been in. But that being said I've found their product mix be lacking for the type of stuff I need. If you want kids crafts and knick knacks to decorate yourself this is a great store. But if your one of those people who works on projects like you'll find in Maker Magazine or are embellishing the latest project you ordered from Adafruit you'll likely leave here shaking your head at the prices or leaving empty handed because they didn't carry what you wanted. Pricing:: I typically find their competition has better pricing on almost every item I'm looking for and that's before coupons or app deals kick in. Store Layout: When I walk down an aisle at Michaels I feel the shelves are too tall and too packed. They have stuff stacked up so high that in places you can't see across the store. There are some sections where it looks like a group of teenagers were in a hurry to get out the door and they just tossed the inventory into whatever space they could find for it on their way out. And there are sections where those tall shelves or racks have too many empty spaces because someone can't seem to order products back in. Customer Service: Well the people working the registers know how to smile and take your money. If you need much more than that...good luck. Michaels does carry a few things that I can't find locally anywhere else. But for the most part I find better deals, better service, and better selections to choose from elsewhere. 2 Stars...it's the best I can give them.
2	There is a wonderful selection of items available at this conveniently located store.  Much of the clutter has been removed making the entryway far more accesible.  Good changes.Unfortunately, the item I stopped by for, while available, was not priced.  The display was prominent,  and the multi - packs of prepared canvases were present.  The products that did have a price associated with them were the drawing table and table top easel.  Lovely.  The canvas packs?  No discernable prices.Looking for someone to help me was a frustrating experience.   No one seemed available except the cashier, and I was not prepared to wait in THAT line.Having a great selection of products is nice.  If I cannot purchase them, you might as well close your doors.
1	It's takes a lot for a business to earn a 1 star and I have this place multiple chances to earn a higher rating and unfortunately they didn't come through. This store started off on the wrong foot as they never had the items I needed in stock, but then, they introduced bulk ordering which as an added bonus offered a discount  when you ordered a high enough quantity. I was more excited about bulk ordering so I could purchase large quantities to limit the amount of trips I made here since there were several products I needed a lot of. Recently, Michaels removed the bulk ordering process in store, which made me happy that it would now be via online, which is awesome - less gas and less time, probably much more convenient since I'm pretty computer savvy ... Wrong!  This new system doesn't allow all items from the store to be purchased so 20 minutes on the phone I finally find this out and they direct me back to the store. I called the store and spoke to the manager on duty that remembers me and the amount of money I spend with them and said he would look into it with corporate and get back to me. It's now been over 3 weeks without a call back from him. When I called to check in a manager that was a lady on duty had not offered any help to my situation, was short and rude over the phone and didn't care to direct me to get help at all. Went back to michaels today to get a few items I needed and to my surprise ... They were out of stock!  This place not only has terrible customer service, but can't keep inventory up. Went to Hobby Lobby and not only did they have cheaper prices they had plenty in stock.  Looks like Hobby Lobby earned all my money as a new customer. Big loss to Michaels. Hope they can get their act together.
2	Super polite workers, they simply need more help!Messy store as well. What would it be like for service and organization to be immaculate? Hummm?
5	I came to the store a few mins before they opened. Waiting outside with a fever other people, the man (who im assuming was a manager) was extremely friendly when he opened the doors & greeted everyone individually. After wandering the store in a hurry and like a lost puppy,  the same man was walking around the store & instantly asked if I needed assistance. I eagerly accepted his offer for help and he led me straight to the fondant /cake section. After showing me he didnt just walk away, instead he asked what I was making, if I needed anything else, what color I was looking for, ect. I was in a hurry so I hustled over to the checkout counter where the girl was friendly and offered to give me a coupon as well. After that as I was leaving the manager jokingly said to bring in pics of the cake I was designing,  which was just a friendly way to make me feel personalized at the store,  not just a once in a while customer. Great service & organized stock.
1	Normally I go to a Michael's in Summerlin but the closest one is this one in Henderson but won't go there. I called and asked for a specific product, which I know they carry, and she had no clue what I was even talking about. I asked for the Boogie Board ezwriter  tablet and she said that boogie boards are only carried during spring and summer. She was only thinking about the ones you take to the beach, duh. It's very unprofessional to not know your inventory and then claim to be a manager. She couldn't even give me information on her manager when asked. EVERY MANAGER KNOWS THEIR MANAGER. Also to still insist you don't carry whatever I'm talking about when other Michael stores carry it is ridiculous. Very unprofessional and I suggest on avoiding such a rude store in Henderson
