5	I love Chipotle's because of this location. I happen to love having a great big, huge burrito filled with fresh ingredients and wonderfully spiced meat right after my workouts at the gym down the road. I had never been to a Chipotle's before I came to this one, and I'm impressed; by the service, the food, the price and the cleanliness. I'm almost a regular here.
4	It's like a MIX food, Mexican and Asian style except avacado and chips. But I love it sooooooooooooooooooo much especially add avacado (extra charge for it).
5	Still lovin' this place! Good food, friendly service, very clean, and a great value - for $6 plus change, you can get a HUGE burrito with all the fixin's. I especially love the barbacoa.
3	Kind of boring I wish there more Qdobas in Vegas
5	I don't like Burritos but for some reason I love Chipotle's burritos. I always get the same thing: Barbacoa fajita burrito with the cilantro lime rice, black beans, mild salsa and corn salsa. Of course, can't forget the spicy salsa on the side. Yum! For a chain restaurant, it's good, fast and cheap.
5	Well. For a place that I visit at least once a week, what higher compliment can I give than spending hard earned money there? Well I could write a great review! I used to be obsessed with Barbacoa tacos, but recently for diet reasons, switched to Barbacoa Burrito Bowl. Yum. This is the closest thing I will get to fast food. AND....they are organic and don't use companies that practice animal cruelty. All in all, its the perfect lunch/dinner place for healthy food.
5	Amazing food and great service!!
5	I've been to this location a lot and absolutely love it. The food is amazing, everything is fresh and cooked to perfection. It is clean and has outdoor seating. I come here at least twice a month. ;)
5	I am so in love with this place right now. I have the lap band and so I cannot eat like the normal everyday burrito eater. I get the burrito bowl and chips to use to scoop with. I love the atmosphere and the fact that everything is made fresh and you can taste the natural flavors in the food. Amazing. It makes the perfect lunch or dinner...or in my case, BOTH! :)
5	I am a huge fan when it comes to Chipotle. My proportions aside, this place is one of the fastest growing changes in America. I've not had a bad experince here yet. I don't imagine I will have a bad time here, but I'll leave my future options open. This location is particular was pretty darn classy. Here's a trick I picked up:  Order a burrito bowl (for here or to go doesn't matter) and ask for extra rice. Then ask for 2 tortillas and dump the contents onto your tortilla plates. This makes it easier to mix the goodness around and you can eat the plate! I usually roll it into a burrito when its less-than-exploding-mass is all that's left over.
5	I love this location!! But not only that i am in love with the cliantro lime rice!! I try to copy it but just never turns out like theirs!! Amzing place never have any issues!!
5	One of my favorite places to eat and can be worked into a healthy diet!
4	When I first moved here this was the first place I was told to go to. I'm glad I did! This place is great for some yummy mexican food. It's kind of small but it's a nice relaxed atmosphere. Food is aaamazing and the service was good. I try not to go around lunch time though because it gets super busy!
1	Very disappointed, its my first time eating at this place and charged me an extra $1.65 for guacamole.  Thats like another 2burritos from taco bell, what a ripped off and never comin back again....
1	How horrible to give me a terrible attitude while i am ordering food from your resturant. I dont care if your having a bad day, you shouldnt treat customers with such horrible attitude! First my bowl had no food in it! What is that when i have to keep asking to ut more in my bowl? I aske for lettuce i got literally 3 pieces of lettuce, asked for more please and she gave me such a horrible attitude... Had to ask again! Makes me sick i had to pay 7.50$ for half an oder of what i ordered! Crap service i cant believe this place! Check my photo!
4	BURRITO HEAVEN =) i always seem to show up with my stomach rumbling and ready for it to be satisfied ....ALWAYS works lol the menu isnt so elaborate but its enough for me =)
4	If Chipotle had a frequent flyer card, I'd be in trouble. And so would they. I come to this one so often that I could probably walk out of there with the correct order without even saying a word. This is a problem for many of my pairs of pants and sometimes my wallet, but when the service and food are consistent, well then popping a few buttons is just a risk I'm willing to take.If you've been to Chipotle before, you know the drill. The employees aren't extraordinarily outstanding, but they've always provided decent customer service and can move a line of 40+ deep out of there pretty fast. Yes, the line can get long between 11am-1pm, so if you're looking for an in and out lunch experience during those hours, you likely won't get it. This isn't to the fault of the staff-everyone has a different order and some people are making up burritos that don't exist which can dig into the wait time. There's almost no seating during those hours, but they do have a patio which can be utilized during the four weeks of the year when it's safe to sit outside without getting sun poisoning.The manager at this location is super nice and I've seen her quite frequently working the line, cleaning tables and running the register. That's generally a sign of good management and I think it sets a really great example for her staff.Definitely one of the better options for lunch if you work in the area.
5	CHIPOTLE! Been here numerous times and I haven't had a bad experience yet. Every time I come here, I always get the burrito bowl cuz if you think about it, you actully get more food than if you ordered a burrito itself and its less messy cuz you are eating it with a fork! Dont get get me wrong, a burrito is still good but messy cuz the contents tend to spill out cuz of the enormous size factor. You cant go wrong with whatever type of meat you pick. I usually get the steak. Occasionally I would get the barbacoa or carnitas. Just recently they added brown rice to their simple menu. I love brown rice so that just gave me all the more reason to eat here! If I could I would eat here for everytime I see a subway! Not to bag on subway, but I dont think you can beat the real meat they use here and I love the sauteed veggies they have. They seem to cook it perfect every time! You know, its cooked to the point that its still crispy but soft enough to chew properly. The different kinds of salsa, sour cream, and guacomole are the icing on the cake!
4	Great inexpensive food - I especially like having vegan options!
5	Love Chipotle!  Fresh, healthy, inexpensive!  I'm a Mexican food lover.  As much as I like to be served, Chipotle offers a great casual sit down environment but just without the server.  They gave you the gigantic amount of food which gives you the value you won't find it anywhere else.  My son loves to come here to hang out with his friends.  He can afford to pay from his allowance money and have a great time with his buddy.  My favorite order is burrito bowl with steak with EVERYTHING they have.  I love the rice, black beans, grilled veggie, salsa, hot sauce, sour cream, guacamole, cheese, lettuce.  Yes, that's everything.  I also like the chicken.  If I try to be healthier, I'll order chicken without the sour cream and guacamole for less cholesterol.  Otherwise, steak is the one for me.  Their employees are very friendly and efficient.  Usually there's a line, but I can always get my food in 10 minutes.  Great service and good food!
4	Yay! I'm a fan.This place is quickly turning into my back-up plan if I forget to pack a lunch.  If I'm not feeling for anything in particular, I'd probably hit this place up.  And that doesn't count the times when I just plain hanker for Chipotle's.I can't, and will not, call this place Mexican, but man do they know how to use Mexican flare.  I'm also not a fan of chain/franchise restaurants, but somehow I'm okay with this place.  Two aspects that usually make me run away are overwhelmed by the fact that they know how to make one tastey, healthy meal.  I see nothing but quality ingredients before me, and I couldn't be happier to taste them not minutes later.Key is to avoid the lunch rush if at all possible, but even so, there's outdoor seating.  If you're not in the mood for meat, note that their awesome guacamole is free in vegetarian burritos.  If you're in the mood for many meats, why not get a taco for each of them.  If you're in the mood to watch your carbs/calories, just get the burrito bowl.  Fast food done right for once.
3	A very clean and nice place to get a chicken bowl with guacamole on the side,it was crowded about a 10 mins. wait in line.Was greeted by the friendly staff which was really cool on this HOT day in N.L.V.only one complaint is that the seating is too close.
3	Thank you chipotle for giving me a burrito the size of my small asian d...oughnut.By normal food standards this place is a four star but by chipotle standards I give it  three stars. I ordered a steak burrito, now if you have ever been to chipotle you know that they load their burritos to the max to where it's just too big for your mouth to get a good bite in, but sadly this burrito was just normal burrito. It wasn't that chipotle burrito where I felt my taste buds getting a massage from the burrito gods. In fact, I bet the burrito gods were highly disappointed with this burrito and its maker. It's $6.75 for the steak burrito usually I'm content with that price, but it was meh this time. Went here around the afternoon and this place wasn't really busy, maybe it was because its near the gym :D.*~*~The workers here really do skimp on their food, the portions are so small.*** I mean if you're into burritos that are small and potentially could've been amazing then go for it but if not head to another chipotle location.TIP: You can get extra rice, lettuce, beans, corn, and fajitas for free just ask for it. Extra meat cost extra doe.
5	Quick and fresh.  Friendly staff.  Wear a sweater if you're eating there when its warm outside. They blast the air conditioning.
4	One of the better Chipotle's I've been too. Food is always fresh and tasty :). My go to "fast food" place as I wouldn't call it a real restaurant. Chicken Burrito bowls with pinto beans and everything is so good! So happy that this place is so close to where I live now, because my previous location didn't have a Chipotle joint for over 10 miles :(.
4	I always like going to this Chipotle.  It is always fast.  I went there today at about 11:30 am for lunch, but about 20 people in front of me.  It took less than ten minutes for me to order and get my food.  The workers are all so friendly and efficient.  This Chipotle has it down to a science on getting people in and out FAST.  The only complaint I have is my steak burrito had 4 pieces of meat that was either just fat or some other beef part that was chewy and inedible.  Next time I'll stick with the chicken or carnitas, what I usually get.  Other than this it was a very good burrito.
4	It really depends on the day for this location.Some days your burrito comes out HUGE, others they seem much smaller than usual. This time, they had run out of steak and had to quickly prepare it- a lot of it came out quite rare. I like rare steak, but I can see how some people may not enjoy it. Also, the girl helping at the register seemed a little frazzled; there was a cup of hot salsa that she had forgotten to put onto someone else's tray, she put it on ours. When we told her it didn't belong to us, she picked it up, and a few seconds later put it back on our tray. She also forgot to put my burrito in a small tray, so I asked her for one.. Hopefully she was new.Even when the line is long, they always manage to get people through relatively quickly, which I always appreciate.
4	One of my favorite places. Great staff and fast service! Don't come around 12 on weekdays though, the line is out the door.
5	Delicious! The food is always good and fresh. Don't go during normal lunch hours though as it gets crazy busy!
4	Great food! Behind the counter help needs work...Price is reasonable, Ice Tea is good and fresh! We recommend this place to many!
1	I feel bad giving a Chipotle one star because in general it is my favorite "fast" food restaurant, BUT this particular location is the wooorrrrsstttt!!!!! Easily the slowest service in Las Vegas, possibly of all the Chipotle restaurants I've ever been to. A few of the previous reviews warned not to visit during the weekday lunch hour, but it is always slow any time of day, whether there is a line or not.  Tonight I walked in at 9:15 pm, there were 5 customers in front of me, and I did not walk out with my veggie bowl until 9:30!  All due to slow customer service.  Then they had the nerve to have a tip cup by the register, really?!?  Unfortunately it is the only location any where near my home, so I don't get to have Chipotle as often as I would like.  I still give it a chance every once in a while just hoping one of these times it will be better, still waiting on that day!
3	I've never been a huge fan of Chipotle, but you do what you have to do when you're pressed for time, looking for some quick proteins, and don't feel like cooking.  First of all, this parking lot is crazy. There's no sense trying to park close to the restaurant. I suggest parking close to Jamba Juice to avoid the linger drivers and the ones not paying attention. As for the restaurant itself, it's clean and they're busy too. Weekdays during lunch time is usually packed with a line that wraps around. But due to their assembly line process, the line goes fairly quick.Chipotle is known for their stacked burritos, their meats with no hormones, and tasty brown rice. What got me going to Chipotle recently is simple...side chicken and side steak to go.  According to Chipotle, a scoop is 4 ounces in case you measure your food.  I've come here and ordered as much as 10 scoops of this stuff. Yes, that's 40 ounces of chicken or steak.  The employees are cool about it, even though they usually have to cook a new batch just for me. Overall, can't complain about this Chipotle. Their busy, but quick. They're always accommodating too. TIP:  -Ask for heaping scoop of steak or chicken. They usually hook it up for me. Sure doesn't hurt to ask.-The chicken or steak isn't totally clean eating. Each 4 oz serving has additional 70 calories and 1 gram of carbs due to the seasoning. I'll usually wash this stuff off the steak and chicken. Yes, I wash the taste away. But I'm also eliminating about 70% of the bad stuff too.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (413/500)
3	Been eating here for 3 years, only order the Steak Bowl, recently the Quality of the steak has become tougher, and I have noticed I constantly have to repeat myself or the orders are totally wrong. If the person filling your order is new the order is going to be screwed up, watch while it's being made or you may get home and find its not your order.
2	Online order was not ready. Hell, it didn't even get started til I walked in and asked for it. I asked for sour cream on the side but it was blopped in the bowl.  When the cashier asked the guy who made it if the sour cream was on the side like the order asked, he simply answered, "uh, I guess we'll find out". SERIOUSLY!?!? Fantastic service.
4	I have always been a fan of Chipotle restaurants. That's after I got sick and tired of haHaha Fresh. Some would say that this is not authentic Mexican food but I would have to disagree. Freshness is the key factor for their success. Sure, I like dirty "C" rating hole in the wall restaurant but not everyday. The service is fast, efficient and friendly. The establishment is clean and very well maintained. I always get a burrito and I always try to mix it up every time I order just so I can taste the variety. My favorite is t he barbacoa and  carnitas. All the accoutrements are tasty. I rarely get the guacamole because it sky rockets the cost of your burrito and the added $ is not really worth it. Basically, a burrito will set you back $6.50 but that is not bad because you get somewhat of a bang for your buck. I agree with some of the yelpers that they can skimp out on the meat at times and it's a bit disappointing but overall I am very happy with the end product. I am always in the mood for Chipotle.
4	Wow.  I have been coming to this Chipotle since it opened, and I have to say, back then, only the neighborhood people, the police, and the military knew it was there.  Much better then, not as busy!  But now you walk in there and it's quite crowded.  I don't blame you all, but we don't have that many good places on my side of town so I wouldn't have minded keeping this one quiet!  I agree with Mel C, the parking lot is a little ridiculous.  Not that there aren't enough spaces, but with Five Guys, Subway and Chipotle right there, there really is no sense in trying to park in front.  Just park away and walk.  These burritos aren't low calorie!The dining room is very clean and the service is great here.  The food is quite good.  With an open kitchen you can see food preparation, and the food tastes great.  It hasn't been sitting around.I had this particular Chipotle cater my dad's 60th birthday party and it was a big hit.
2	I used to like going to this Chipotle, but lately it has gone downhill. There was no line when I arrived, but soon after the dinner rush showed up. I noticed people were waiting a long while and had angry expressions on their faces. Another thing, they ran out of chicken. How do you run out of chicken? They were also out of forks. Really???It would also be great if they posted the children's menu. It wasn't until I was paying that I saw the take home menus that has choices for kids. Oh well, now I know for next time, but it won't be at this Chipotle.
3	When they get crowded they skimp on the protein and if they run out of the steak they barely cook it and its bloody. Also they are so busy talking that they forget how to do your order...Three times I said no red salsa and each time you put it on there.  Three stars because its hit or miss.
4	Delicious! I am sans gluten most of the time and really enjoyed the bowl option they have at chipotle's. The food was consistent with what I've experienced at other locations (fresh and tasty) and the restroom (ladies at least) was tidy. I'd eat here again if I were in the area.
1	Slowest chipotle ever.  I have been to 25 diff chipotles and never experienced such a slow place.  There was 10 people at most in front of me and I'm in line for 15 mins.  I posted that comment in line.  Now I see why, the people working are not very bright.  I repeated my order 3 times.  Training needed at this establishment.
5	The best thing about this Chipotle is they're always busy so you always get fresh meat! The line workers move fast so the wait isn't long
2	This is not mexican food or grill. They have this bs white ans brown rice. Thats sone asian stuff. Wheres the spanish rice!! Also food was cold. Would not recomend for mexican food
1	I LOVE CHIPOTLE!!! Just not this location -_____-I feel horrible giving this place a one star but even Steve Ells (Chipotle GOD) would be appalled to see the long, stagnant lines in this place!! I mean 30 minutes to actually get your order in and another 10 minutes as you go down the array chipotle goodness... 40 grueling minutes just get your food! All due to inexperienced, always flustered, untrained staff... BYE FELICIA. *take note I usually go here around 230pm and 8pm... Not really peak times for it to be crowded. It's like this location messes with my emotions , I get so pissed waiting almost an hour for my chipotle bowl ... But once I take a bite out of that chicken... I fall in love with chipotle all over again.... Ugh! Management please do something about how your staff is trained !And PLEASE teach your staff to change their gloves,,, wiping your nose and touching food is only okay if it's your own not for customers ......
3	Closest Chipotle to my new house. Too bad my first visit did not leave me with a great first impression.Place was not too busy on a Sunday afternoon when my husband and I entered. It's smaller than some Chipotle's I've been in.Ordered typically - a burrito, this time I went for steak, my husband got a chicken burrito. When the girl went to wrap our burritos, both of them broke in the middle, which was weird, because I've never seen that happen to my burrito before at any other Chipotle. My husband on the other hand - he gets his stuffed so much they usually have to double-wrap, so I wasn't surprised.Sit down with our burritos to discover - the tortillas were not properly steamed. Mine was quite dry and crunchy on the ends. Either they are using tortillas past their prime - or they are not steaming them enough. Usually I love Chipotle, they are typically on their A-Game. Not this time around.
1	service is really slow on a Saturday night...disappointed, dodge this spot around 7pm ...maybe from 7pm to 10 pm
5	I Love Chipotle Dearly. At this particular location everybody is So Nice, every time i cosme in a  feel like a somebody.
