3	I can't give a chain 4 or 5 stars, I just can't. But if I could, baja would get 4 stars. I have enjoyed BF for 10 years now and it never gets old. They still have the best salsa bar on the west side. Don't hesitate to stop and enjoy yourself.
4	Service was great, Food was excellent...the down side was the tables were dirty! The place only had one table in use when we arrived!
3	I wanted to like this place as much as I LOVE Chipotle's.  I have been going to Chipotle's so much (I think that put some thing in the food to make you CRAVE it) that I needed to break away to try something else.  We spotted Baja Fresh, so hey....  It was good, staff was friendly, but it was not GREAT!!  I got the bean and cheese add chicken burrito & chips with queso.  The bean was ok, I did not see or tasted too much cheese, and the chicken was ok.  The chips that weren't too over fried were good, but we had 50% that were overly brown.  The queso was pretty good.
3	My wife and I wanted to try somewhere different for lunch.  She loves mexican food.  Well we decided to try Baja Fresh.  The food was ok.   I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.   I would rather eat rubios or chipotle to be honest.  The table was dirty and we had to ask it be cleaned.  The service was quick though.
3	Friendly, ready to take your order but pushy if you are not ready to order. Dining area really needed attention of cleaning and for the amount of people there it was an usually long wait for the food.
5	Always delicious and always there when I need it. Here is another place that I am a creature of habit! Side by side salad no pico and extra salsa!Fresh and tasty.  The side by side salad isn't on the menu, but they are always ready to make the exception and create my favorite meal.  Lettuce, mexican cheese, sliced avocado, grilled chicken drizzled with their green tomatillo salsa.  Of course I make a visit to their salsa bar and add some hot red salsa, lots of cilantro and a few squeezes of fresh lime!  Ahhhhhh Baja Fresh...I Love you!
4	The place is very clean and bright.  We had a 'Deal Chicken' coupon and was pleasantly surprised that the young lady at the cash register was well aware of it and knew exactly how to handle it.  It came with a very large basket of chips and the salsa bar was excellent (especially if you mix the salsa and the pico de gallo).  I had the carnitas burrito and I thought it was too dry but that is sometimes true of carnitas.  However, it was a simple fix with addition of the salsa/pico de gallo.  My wife had the scrimp tacos which  were very good.  I am not much of a fan of rice in my burrito so that was a little bit of a turn off but then again I could have probably ordered it with no rice had I known.  It was a very safe place as there were 8 policemen there for lunch!! LOL   There are better Mexican food places in Phoenix but I would certainly not mind going back if I was in the area as it was quick and the selections were plentiful.
5	Closed.  Rent went up and they couldn't keep the doors open.  This is my go to place on late nights at work.  Sad.
4	Quick, fresh, lots of salsa choices, and CLOSEDGood little places to get away from the standard fast food.  Likes their salsa bar and services was usually quick.  Sorry to see that they are closed as of around 4/1.
