5	If you need rehab, this is a great place to go... friendly staff that know what they are doing.  They helped me get full movement back after hand surgery and now I'm going to see them for another injury.  They work with all kinds of athletes and injuries... There is always a lot going on in the building, but they manage to treat all of their clients in a timely  manner and have great customer service!
5	This is a gym goer's gym.  Serious people only; not your Fufu trying to pick up on someone, I can't get away from looking at the mirror, hey what's your name gym!You need to get your "donkey" back in shape you come to Rehab Plus.  No bull!  Warren and his boys will get you working and performing at a new level.  I got killed climbing the ropes.  I didn't think much of it, but how dare I underestimated it!  My arms were so weak and tired in the end.  My hands.....well let's just say calling them raw is an understatement.  I don't recall how many times I climbed that rope and did pull-ups, but yeah it was hell of a workout.  That was just my first time too!  Can't wait to go back........hahahaha!  I laugh because I just realize how ridiculous this is!  Here I come Tough Mudder!  The gym doesn't have all the high tech equipment.  You want that; go to a gym where they offer manicures!  Suck it up and welcome to hell!  Basic equipment, but very innovative technics and training.  They have an artificial turf area and a free weights room where looking at it makes you feel a lot bigger.  Are those really my biceps -- wink!
5	If your new to exercise and want to learn the SAFE/PROPER ways to get involved or a bonafied "gym rat" it doesn't matter. Simply put, Rehab Plus is the place to go in order to not only reach your fitness goals the right way, but obtain the knowledge and motivation to surpass them. Rehab Plus is NOT the huge corporate gym with run of the mill trainers only interested in hitting on chicks and making money. Every staff member not only has the education but the passion and interest in exercise/fitness you want to from your trainer to keep your workouts fresh, interesting, and the body improving. Its not just for the adults either. If you want to get your kid off the couch or give your young athlete that serious leg up on the competition, Rehab Plus will take them to that next level with fun and fresh workouts. Rehab Plus has all the equipment you could want/need to get that amazing and unique workout in. Climbing rope, weight sled, artificial turf area, kettle balls you name it. In my opinion its not the equipment that makes the work out, it's the knowledge and creativity of the trainer. I workout in some form 6 days a week (1 if which @ Rehab Plus) and the only day I consistently get that "good" soreness is when I go see my boy Dan at Sports Rehab. He always has new and challenging exercises that keeps my body guessing and avoiding that dreaded plateau effect. Not only that, but the exercises I learn at Rehab Plus allow me to keep my own workouts fresh and interesting.Not to worry Dan isn't the only trainer at Rehab Plus. He's just one of the amazing trainers there and they all have their own areas of expertise. From former NFL players and strength coaches to elite level swim coaches, Sports Rehab has a trainer/program for everyone. It doesn't matter if your 50 trying to get that 30 firmness back or want to get your young athlete to the next level, Rehab Plus knows how to do it right! The abundance and range of expertise of the trainers at Rehab Plus would even allow you to go in there with your kid and both get a workout in at the same time! I don't think any other gym could offer that.It doesn't stop at the exercise/fitness level. Rehab Plus is also sports physical therapy center that isn't just worried about the minimum. Dedicated to getting the athlete back on the field, court, board, slopes, whatever your sport they have the education and put their knowledge to use when it comes to getting you back to your top performing levels. I only wish I had a place like when rehabbing my torn knee. I will definitely use Rehab Plus for any services they can offer me in training or rehabbing injuries.
5	I tried Rehab Plus out after injuring my shoulder and I really can't say enough great things about the place and staff.  Throughout my baseball career including: high school, collegiate, and semi-professional, I thought that I had experienced what I thought was some of the best rehabilitation and training in the country, but after visiting Rehab Plus I was wrong.  From the first time I went in to the last time, the staff was very knowledgeable and very supportive in helping me get back to full form.  The trainers and Physical therapists at Rehab Plus are second to none.  After only about five sessions of doing unique strength, rehab, and stretching exercises I had already felt ten times better.  Being an athlete my whole life I have always been a huge believer in positive thinking and having a proactive attitude.  I can tell you first hand that the personnel at Rehab Plus share this fundamental belief.  The atmosphere at Rehab Plus is very supportive and positive created by the trainers, physical therapists, and residual staff.  A couple of things that give Rehab Plus an edge over similar places is that the personnel are progressive and are so well versed in their areas of expertise.  Many places I've been to in the past are stuck on old philosophies that don't get optimal results.  Rehab Plus strives to be the best by catering to the needs of their clients such as: rehabilitation, sports performance, strength and conditioning, and much more.
5	I want to learn the DEADLIFT with proper form, for the fun of it. Today I had an almost two hour evaluation and preliminary training with Ethan, tonight I have early onset rigor mortis (and we still haven't touched a bar). I'm so impressed I can barely stand it. Yesterday I questioned if I'd ever DEADLIFT 400 pounds at age 54 with very little experience under my belt. Today that 400 pound dead-lift is in my sites. Ethan's training, experience  knowledge, and encouragement are awesome.Now I know why putting down the bottles to pick up the barbells would be worth it. Sober people can get really strong.I've watched a lot of free training on YouTube and from other online resources, but the connection between the mind and the muscles when the trainer is right there is incomparable in value.I've got a lot of work these next four weeks before my next visit!
5	This place is great! Smart, effective Physical Therapy. They are seasoned, sports minded therapist. They're focused on service and getting you back to the level of activity that's important to you!Sad to say, I've seen a lot of PT over the years. The atmosphere here is the best! It has a very down to earth, professional vibe. It's all about recovery. My doctor recommended I go to rehab associated with his practice. But it seemed too sterile. A friend recommended Rehab Plus for his successful recovery from knee and IT Band problems. My hip and knee arthritis was keeping me off the court and day to day activities were painful. My therapy regimen included basic strengthening and sport specific exercises that improved my game.Someone's with you at all times to ensure you're doing the right thing, working with proper form. They're attentive, enthusiastic and patient.I highly recommend Rehab Plus!
