4	My review may be a little biased, to be honest.Nonetheless, this is a brand new restaurant and it's decor is absolutely amazing. My sisters, my boyfriend and I ate a $200 meal that I hoestly didn't think was worth it -- however, it was free. =]Nonetheless, an overview of what we ate..SPICY CHICKEN WINGS - Perfectly sweet and spicy while still crunchy.DRUNKEN NOODLES - we got level #4 spiciness and boy was my mouth burning..it was so delicious though!PINEAPPLE FRIED RICE - Nothing too special, thought the that it was served inside an actual pineapple was cute. The pineapple chucnks could've been a bit bigger. BUT the shrimp was the best part of this fried rice. They were so fresh and suculently huge..they were like mini lobsters. =]SASHIMI PLATTER - A bit disappointed that it only had ONE slice of Toro -- nonetheless, everything was REALLY fresh -- but certainly not worth the $80 (maybe if it had 3 more pieces of Toro :D).BLACK COD - Texture was perfect -- but, I could tell that the fish wasn't from the same day -- was a bit fishier than I had expected.SHRIMP DUMPLING (HAR GOW) - The crystal wrapper was nice and soft and the shrimp was amazingly fresh -- definitely the best har gow I've ever had -- but it'd dim sum, and you can't really go wrong with that.And I think that's pretty much all we ate..The service was NOT GOOD..I don't know how the waitors and waitresses that work there even got hired. We asked a waitress who walked by, "Excuse me, are there refills on soda?" And she kind of walked away puzzled and never came back..Then, we asked OUR waitress if we could have a box for the fried rice and she totally forgot about it and remembered it 10 minutes later..WONDERFUL. The service is not up to par with the food, and that's gotta change. However, I suppose the restaurant is still fairly new -- afterall, i went there in the 9th day they were open. Just hope the servers learn as they go!
3	3 stars for the food only. The service... not very good at all. Ate here for lunch while I was staying at encore. The sashimi was fresh and there was a decent selection given its not a sushi restaurant. The rolls and the stir fry were also both very good. But the service... we had to ask at least 2 times each time our water was empty before someone would finally come over and fill it up. Our forks were bent and everything was generally slow and the restaurant was not that full. I understand the place just opened, but it was a decently expensive lunch so I expect better service. Would I eat here again?? doubt it... there are too many other good choices in vegas.
5	We had lunch here about a week after Encore opened. I didn't find anything wrong with the service. The servers were very attentive and professional. The food was expensive but very fresh and had a nice presentation. The Northwest roll and Wazuzu roll were especially good. I'd love to go back again.
1	Let me share with u fellow yelpers about the experience I received from this restaurant...I hope they don't delete this review just like my bad review of Red Chair Salon in SF that was deleted with no apparent reason. It was around 9 pm that me n my friend was starving to death since we were too busy to walk around the strip to actually stop to have a nice meal. we figure that we could have a really nice dinner to make us full...so after several restaurants menu we read along the way...we stopped at Wazuzu n decide to try it out. we sat down and it took the waitress about 15 minutes to acknowledge us to take our order. the waitress came n it was this old chinese lady.....usually they don't really understand english very well but since its an upscale restaurant I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt. so I asked her "how many pieces of sushi do you get in the Crunchy Roll special menu?" she said "Its a ROLL!! what do u think? its usually 6 pieces!" she was giving me an attitude!! even my friend across the table was shocked! so being the sassy girl that I am...I replied "Well since its not written on the menu...how was anyone supposed to know that its 6 pieces?!?!?!? some places has 8 or 10 so its not my fault that I don't know these things...not to mention lady this is my first time at this restaurant!" I can't believe that the first question I asked her she gave me an attitude!! I mean hello???? it was $21 for that specific roll! of course I'm gonna ask u questions when its $21 per roll!!! Then I took a deep breath n asked her "how big is the portion for the Minced Salmon with green onion?" and she respond "Its in a bowl!!" I'm like ?????? how big is the bowl?!?!??! by this point I was just so mad n hungry so I just basically ordered my roll n spicy hot wings with rice n thai ice tea. before I finish telling u the whole story..let me break down the price of the things I ordered: Crunchy Roll $21Spicy hot wings $12White rice $5Thai ice tea $5Now the Spicy hot wings turned out to be sweet...I have no idea where the spicy words come from. and the roll turned out to be covered in this little japanese fried balls that taste pretty weird with the shrimp tempura, cucumber, seaweed n rice (which is what a crunchy roll is) well I am paying $21 for this stinking roll..so I might as well eat it instead of wasting it. So I decided to take off this little tiny fried balls with my chopstick and just eat the plain sushi by itself. then that waitress stopped by n I kid u not this is what she said to me "U are one spoiled girl huh????" I'm like "EXCUSE ME?!?!?!" " YEAH..I CAN TELL THAT UR SPOILED BY THE WAY U PICK AT UR FOOD" ohhhhhh man!! I can't believe her!! I mean just because I don't like the little fried ball things n picking it out doesn't mean I'm spoiled!! n who is she to tell me that I'm SPOILED?!?!? I'M HER FREAKIN' CUSTOMER!!! WOWW!!! NEVER IN MY LIFE I RECEIVED SUCH BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!So being the nice girl that I am...I dont like to make a scene instead I decided not to tip her cuz u know what?? the hell with it...I always tip at restaurants even when the customer service was bad. but this time hell no! she is not getting a dime from me n plus the overpriced bad food cannot make up the bad customer service! n really the thai ice tea was the only thing that was decent in that place. I mean c'mon they charge $8 for green tea!!!! Most places its free!!! Hello?!??!?!? if that's not overpriced I don't know what is...n rice for $5?!?!? white rice?!??! yeah u do the math and save ur money to go eat somewhere else.
5	Anyone who says they had a sub-par experience at this restaurant is telling you a lie. Chef Jit is absolutely awesome, and even came by our table to greet us. His cuisine is spectacular, and everyone all around us agreed. It was like being at a dinner party, only everyone was at different tables and no one knew each other. With each new course, we all looked at one another and delighted as if we were friends. Can you really say that about the buffet? Please.
3	Five stars for the service, three stars for the food, three stars overall.I read a few of the other reviews for this place by other people, and I have to say my experience was the opposite.My service was top notch. Water glass was always full, cocktail always full, food came out correctly, staff was efficient, etc etc etc.I had the lychee mojito which was out of this world. I haven't had a drink like that - like - ever, and it was fantastic. For an app, we started with the pot stickers. They were a little bland, to be honest, and I wasn't a big fan of them. I was sort of hungover, so I got a very simple chicken teriyaki bowl with brown rice. The chicken was bland, but the rice was decent. The sauce really didn't have much flavor to it. I don't know, sort of sub-par for food, especially in a place like Encore.It was good enough to go back to for a lunch, but I wouldn't make this a regular destination, there are so many better places to eat in Vegas. Like--- just next door at Okada, for example.
4	Tried this place out as the BF was feeling under the weather and was craving some spicy Asian soup.  He had the Tom Yum (very good) while I had the spicy sweet chicken wings (for some reason I was on a chicken wing binge 2 days in a row!).  The wings were finger lickin' good  and I could have eaten another order easily!  I had to refrain as we were due at Michael Mina in 3 hours and I didn't want to spoil my appetite!Would go back here for a proper meal, even though it was pricey.  Then again, it's impossible to dine anywhere within Wynn or Encore for under $50 for 2...
4	Like all over the hotel, the servers were extremely friendly. Thai ice tea- mmmm... not too much condense milk so the taste was perfect.papaya salad- wayyyyy too sour. AOK!crunch roll- love the crunchy ball on the outside. tastes good with the sauce. salmon sashimi- sliced way too thick, but tasted very fresh.
2	My husband had went here for lunch on Sunday. It was the worst experience of my life. I had order Hamachi special was like $25. It was not worth it. It was five small fish with a very small radish on top. There was a chili but that was really tiny too. My husband order teriyaki bowl. We had to wait a thirty minute of it. By the time, I finished my dessert. He had his teriyaki bowl. The total with everything is like a $100. That night I had gotten soo sick. I have to stay in the hotel room the whole night. Luckily, the restaurant manager gave us a refund as I complain to her regarding the food. The only thing it is good are the thai ice tea and the coconut ice cream. However, I would not go to this restaurant ever again!!!
4	My parents and I had a delicious meal here!  I must confess the 28' crystal dragon on the back wall of the restaurant is quite captivating.  It's actually the reason we decided to dine here.  The restaurant is on the smaller side and opens directly into the casino.  However the service and layout provide a pleasant experience.  My parents aren't huge fans of sushi (ok, I'll be honest they can't stand it) so I didn't sample any of the sushi items.  We stuck to the specialty menu and it did not disappoint.  We started with Tom Yum Goong soup and Miso soup - I had the Tom Yum and the flavor was perfectly balanced.  Yes, $14 is a bit steep for soup, but the three large prawns made up for the price tag.  The Wazuzu Pineapple Fried Rice was another big hit for me.  I also tried the Wazuzu Smasher (beverage).  I was expecting it to be pretty intense, given the name.  It had delicious crushed pineapple and the presentation was great, but it seemed to have very little if any alcohol.  I would suggest sticking to the sizable sake list.
3	Wazuzu is not the best Asian restaurant I've ever been to, but good for what we got when we ate dinner there (January 2009).We were seated fairly promptly. The waitress who served us was very nice and the service was good. I ordered a sampler platter of different dishes: duck, sweet and sour pork with different sauces, and we each shared a serving of rice. I also had chai iced tea to drink, which was pretty good. I have to add that their water cups are GORGEOUS! I actually wanted to swipe a couple of them and take them home with me (tacky, I know), but I didn't. ;-) They also have an impressive-looking dragon completely made out of Swarovski crystals, although the rest of the decor is kind of gaudy, as is the rest of the hotel (IMO).Back to the food. It was pretty good, decent. I have no real complaints, but as I said about Society, Wazuzu's food is not exceptional, but I wouldn't write this place off completely. Perhaps I will go back someday to try it again and see if my opinion of it changes for the better. Not a bad restaurant to try at least once.
3	The most expensive Asian meal I've eaten.. I guess my meal helped pay for the ginormous 3D crystal dragon in the background. This was our last meal in Vegas before we headed back home. I ordered the Beef Fried Rice and the bf ordered the noodles (blanking on the name right now... not Pad Thai but the other ones...) We also each ordered a soup. He ordered the Won Ton Soup and I got the Tom Young Goong Soup which was this spicy but sweet soup (not hot & sour). I actually liked my soup a lot. It had a nice blend of spicy and sweet.Overall, the food was decent. It tasted like every other Asian food. The service was a bit slow and all of us were sitting there starving our butts off. Would I come back? Maybe if I'm dying for Asian food in Vegas but I doubt it.. they charge like $8 for kimchi!!!! *GASP*
5	Just got back from Vegas - ate here 2 times.  Their sushi rolls were the best items on the menu, we tried a little of every thing.  The drunken noodles were good  too but we ordered them with 5 star hottness(we like it hot)!More expensive than Red 8 about $20 - 30 for a roll.Atmosphere - Okay looks into the casino
4	I like Wazuzu!  We had a light dinner.  Ordered 2 different sushi rolls - they were wrapped with a white rice paper and not seaweed.The rest of my party had the Beef Chow Fun with bean sprouts and the Pad Thai.  They were quite good.  It's also good for sharing as the dishes are quite big.  For dessert, we ordered Ice Kachang.  Love it!  Not quite like Singapore's Ice Kachang but a spin-off of it.
3	This place it pretty fancy. By the way, this place does not take gambling credit. Very pricy Asian food. I had a pinapple fried rice. I will say that it was really good and it was served in a half of a pineapple. Be willing to spend a decent amount though. But of course I do feel that it is over rated.
3	Had Kanpachi, tobiko and halibut, and it was fresh, not fishy tasting. Nothing outstanding or fancy but definitely pleasant. The server was really nice, too.The dragon/crystal boa on the wall is disturbing and you either look at that or the casino.
4	We were staying at the Encore and though I didn't eat inside the actual restaurant itself, I got takeout from there twice and the service was always very friendly and very speedy but most importantly the food was so good.I ordered the panang curry with a side of rice and it was honestly the best panang curry  I had ever had. It wasn't too flaky or grainy, it wasn't runny, and it was a nice deep yellow color. For me the flavors were all there. I'm sure that anyone who likes really authentic Panang curry, as my cousin does, wouldn't enjoy it as much but I really liked it and still crave it sometimes. The rice it came with wasn't too sticky or fluffy either, which is always a fear when you get East Asian rice. The prices here are about in line with Osha in SF and you get pretty much the same amount of food. In fact, the second night we were in Vegas I had the leftover panang curry and went downstairs to get some rice to-go from Wazuzu and had that for dinner. Luckily, the rice was just the right temperature that the fact that the curry had been sitting in the fridge all day didn't matter.I would definitely tell everyone staying at the Encore to check out Wazuzu at least once.
4	This was my second time dining here. Immediately, I love that this place serves a variety of Asian food and isn't afraid to give it to you spicy if you really want it!Like many places in the casino, the inside is beautiful, but your eyes (and ears) are often distracted by the all too near and intrusive casino.But, let's talk about the food:Yellowtail Serrano Roll: too small without enough fish; but it wasn't badHamachi Chili: really pricey, but super good!Cha Gio Imperial Crispy Rolls: Good flavor; Thai Chili Sauce on the side is too watered down. What I really wanted for a condiment wa some sriracha (you know, the rooster sauce!)Drunken Noodles with Shrimp: good portion size and good flavor. I love the thai peppers and jalapenos you'll see, and taste, throughout the dish!Sichuan Wok Beef: again, good portion and flavors. also love the peppers here. The food is good, albeit pricey. Service is great. I'll return for more spicy goodness!
1	1 out of 5 dishes I ordered was decent.  The rest were horrible.  The one dish was the seabass.  The texture was great, but it was a little bland.  I would not recommend this restaurant.  The resort itself, Encore, is very nice and I enjoy staying there.
4	The Jennifer and I went to Vegas last weekend. We had stayed at the Encore and decided to check this place out. I am a fan of "fake" Asian food so this was my cup of tea ...no pun intended. The decor was great, very nice and classy. It matches the people that stay at the hotel. We stayed at the hotel and got RSVP so there was no wait. The place was packed and every seat was taken. I recommend RSVP for dinner. For lunch, place was dead. Food: The food was very fake and very high in quality. Again to all the ASIANS reading this - NOT Authentic!! Don't complain about it. The quality was awesome. We weren't entirely hungry but here is what we ordered: Starters - Spicy Tuna Roll - small but good quality diced tuna, very red.Main Plates: Ginger Scallion Sea Bass - Very good, high quality fish that flakes right off.  Again, small portionKorean Ribs - This was awesome and smelled sooo good when they brought it out.  In fact, the server brought it to the table next to us and that was the reason why I ordered it.  It smelled that good.  The meat came right off the bone.Fried Rice:  I love Fried Rice, how could you go wrong.  Again, very tasty and this was actually a good size bowl.Sushi Nigiri:  Awesome, Fresh, and it melted in my mouth.I recommend this place although the service was sub par at best even though they really tried.  It look like they really could have used one more server.  However that did not hinder our experience.  Prices:  This place is pricey, but all places in the Encore is.  Be prepared for mid 100s for a good meal. Everything in Encore is a rip.  Encore means "after blowing all your money at Wynn, come to Encore for another wallet cleaning performance". From words of Fergie "If you ain't go no money take your broke ass home"  well at least away from Encore and Wynn...
4	A lot of the things at the Wynn and Encore are just complete rip-offs, but I found that at Wazuzu you can have a very high quality meal for a relatively reasonable price if you order smartly.  First of all, do NOT order tea here.  I was asked if I wanted anything to drink once I sat down, and "tea" automatically came out of my mouth since that is what I'm accustomed to drinking at dinner.  I've never been charged for tea, though, and once I found out that it DID come with a cost, I was too yellow (in both senses of the word, ha!) to retract my order.  Damn fool, I was.  It's $8 per PERSON and all you get is a lousy teabag sitting in nasty Las Vegas water.  No thank you.   But hey, you're in Las Vegas, why would you be ordering tea anyway, right?  Don't be like me and live life on the edge instead.As for the food, I tried the hamachi nigiri sushi and I've had better at almost every Japanese restaurant in California for half the price, so I recommend staying away from any nigiri or sashimi here.  If a restaurant charges steep prices for fish it better be damn good or stop trying.  I haven't tried any of their *special* rolls either, but judging from the prices, I highly doubt they are worth $20, $30, or even $100.  If you wish to splurge, however, be my guest and alert the Yelp world if these rolls are worth it.  Otherwise, I suggest the following dishes:The unagi and avocado roll.  Only $9, which is sort of a standard price for a roll.  Granted, there weren't *that* many ingredients in it, and most other places outside of LV won't charge more than $7 for such an item, but the quality and taste more than make up for this.  Instead of using the traditional nori (seaweed) for this roll, they had this fantastic melt-in-your-mouth edible white paper--I loved it!  The rice was perfectly vinegared, simply born to complement the unagi and avocado.  They could up the price on this baby and I'd still get it!The beef special.  I forgot the actual name but it was the special of the night and not on the menu.  P-E-R-F-E-C-T.  Around $30, I believe (no more than $40, that's for sure), with generous portions and glorious flavors.  Egg noodle soup with roast duck.  Don't recall the price but it wasn't exactly cheap.  Around $15, I believe, but the noodles are tasty, great broth, and the duck meat was amazing.  A lot of places will serve some of the worst parts of the duck or even worst--primarily the duck fat--which would be the reason why one could get the "same" dish for half the price, but here, all the pieces were of the highest quality.  You are getting what you paid for, really.Our meal ended with "dragon balls" which is basically the Chinese dessert eaten during New Year's comprised of rice balls filled with black sesame.  SO GOOD.  One of our "balls" wasn't cooked long enough though, so that one was gross, but other than that, not bad.  The broth, however, contained ginger, which definitely wasn't something I was used to.  In Chinese culture, both ginger and black sesame contain "yang," which gives this dish, in my opinion, an imbalance in yin and yang.  Traditionally, these rice balls are not served with ginger, and I think the dessert would be more refreshing if it had been left out, which brings me to my next point...Like Doug C. wrote, the food here is really fake but really high quality.  it's fusion for a reason, people!  Lastly, service was great.  Donald was our waiter and even though I felt slightly gypped about the tea, he was overall highly attentive to our needs and really on top of things without being intrusive or obnoxious.  Restaurants in general need more waiters like him.All and all, even though my chi was all messed up after the meal, and my wallet significantly lighter, I had a great time and am looking forward to coming back to try the plethora of other fun fusion dishes!
4	This is a nice place for lunch. The whole table shared a lot of food. We had a variety of foods, from different styles of fried rice and noodles to wonton soup and crispy shrimp rolls. Everything was very tasty. Although the food was great, I would of liked it to be a little cheaper as I felt I was overpaying for my lunch.
4	Definitely one of the best asian meals I have had in Vegas.  The food here is amazing!We stopped in for lunch and had some sushi (very fresh), dim sum, and a thai beef stirfry.  Everything was so good and of high quality.The only downside is the prices are pretty steep.  I think the lunch menu prices are same as the dinner prices.  Probably the most I have ever spent on lunch at an asian restaurant, but at least the food was worth it!
5	My boyfriend and I went to Vegas this Labor Day weekend.  One of the places I wanted to visit was Wazuzu.  I knew Chef Jet from LA and love his cooking so I made sure to visit his restaurant.  We checked out the restaurant Friday afternoon and there were maybe 3 couples there which was expected from reading the reviews.  We decided to go there Saturday evening.  It was packed.  We waited maybe 10 minutes for our table.  We had the Sashimi Platter, Roti Panang, Crispy Fish with Thai Herbs, and Thai Spicy Basil Stir-Fry (all recommended by Chef Jet).  We ordered all but the sashimi with a spicy level of 5.  I must admit... our meal was delicious!  So it was pricey... big deal... we were in Vegas!  Btw, my boyfriend is Thai and if he approves, well... this restaurant is worth returning to.The decor was nice.  Loved the "crystal" dragon and the "metal" dragons surrounded by roses.Service overall was great.  We didn't have to wait long for our dishes to come out.  Chef Jet came out and chatted with us.  Even took a picture with him.Bottom line... We're definitely going back!
5	The asian fusion food at Wazuzu that I ate last night was AMAZING! Off the Wazuzu menu, you can order thai, japanese (sushi), and/or chinese. I am still day-dreaming about the melt-in-your mouth dishes! I went with my cousin, aunt, and uncle on our last night in Vegas... Here's what we loved:- pork potstickers: four big, juicy potstickers with yummy dipping sauce. These were so amazing that we had to get a second order!- thai beef salad: very spicy with great thai flavors. I mostly ate the veggies rather than the beef... this dish tasted SO fresh!- pork & shrimp shumai: four much small pieces; these were a bit too small in my opinion but very good and came in a cute little box- pineapple fried rice: pork, chicken, and prawns served within fried rice served in a pineapple. Most tables seemed to order this as I saw a lot of pineapples going by. Pineapple fried rice is always good but this was the best I've ever had!- bbq platter: tons of chicken, pork, etc in a chinese bbq style with a yummy dipping sauce- salt and pepper prawns: good taste but I would have preferred non-fried prawns (I didn't know these ones would be fried...). The prawns were huge though!- green tea and red tea mochi balls: I LOVE mochi and these were great ones!The prices were a bit high ($10-$14 for appetizers, $13 - $26 for a main) but really very reasonable for Vegas especially for such unbelievable food! The servers were all very nice though not very talkative and the venue overlooking the casino is nice and comfy. I thought that Red 8 at the Wynn was great but Wazuzu at Encore is even better!
2	Eww, this was not a fun experience.  I had a reasonable amount of dinner and one cosmopolitan.  It was $77.  For that kind of money, you expect to have good food.  The fish was just so-so -- as the old joke goes, the portions were small, too.
1	Overpriced. Bland, boring, mediocre in every way. I can get better Thai curry for 7 bucks back in NYC. Sushi was also very pedestrian. The miso cod was just way way too sweet - not balanced at all. Would not recommend, will not go back.
2	For our final evening in Vegas, my friend and I were interested in trying something low-key and decently affordable.  We had been walking the Strip all day and were finishing up at the Wynn, so a convenient stopoff seemed like the best option before heading back early to our hotel room.  Both my friend and I tend to favor Asian-style cuisine, so the beautiful Wazuzu seemed perfect.The restaurant was only about one-third full when walked in around 7 pm on a Sunday evening.  The decor was quite shocking with the brightly painted red walls and massive glass dragon hanging along the back wall.  The environment seemed to be more of a Chinese influence than Japanese.  We were immediately seated and debated over trying the sushi or the hot meals.  When it comes to modernized Japanese places, I find that it is always a struggle to know which type of food they are known for (if any). My friend ordered some sushi rolls, which she enjoyed well enough.  However, my Salmon Terriyaki Bowl was terrible.  The large bowl was almost three-fourths full of brown rice.  A very small helping of  sauteed peppers and onions was thrown in as well.  The salmon was dry, fishy, and bland.  It tasted like something you would get at a low-budget diner.  The sauce was flavorful, and obviously I had more than enough rice to soak it up with.  However, the fish was a disappointment and more vegetables would have been appreciated.Wazuzu was a marginal experience, but not a place I would return to.  If you are looking for something similar, I would recommend Sushi Roku in Caesar's WAY before this place.
2	It's definitely not worth the price.The sushi was standard and the drunken noodles were actually pretty good, but the curry was below average. I think for the price, there are way better restaurants with higher quality food. I wouldn't suggest this place unless I knew they were a fan of Americanized Asian food. Hey, sometimes even us Asians love Americanized Asian food, but only if it's absolutely delicious and worth the money....
3	I went here for a quick bite while figuring what to do on the town.  The service was rather nice and professional. Water was refilled frequently and they were pretty nice. Had a beef rice bowl...probably not a signature dish but I was in the mood. The rice was some nice long-grain rice that was cooked fantastically, the beef was pretty high-quality...so it was like a very upscale "beef bowl".  HOWEVER it was like $18.  So minus a ding for the price for what you get.  Also another ding for an unknown reason...while the beef bowl was upscale-ish, it still didn't satisfy my palate for some reason...the vegetables somehow torpedoed the meal for me and I kind of left unfulfilled.
4	Great service and wonderful decor! We ordered sea weed salad, Hamachi Chili, Thai Spicy Basil Chicken, and Korean BBQ Ribs. The food was very good and I would definitely dine there again.
4	It's like PF Chang's. Authentic, no. Delicious? Sure. We got the potstickers, har gow, and shu mai to start. I liked them all. Then we got the beef chow fun, salt/pepper shrimp, and miso cod and all were good as well. It's pricey but service is good and portions were decent sized. I'd recommend it for a quick lunch if you're looking for anything other than feeding yourself at the trough that is a Vegas buffet. Oink!
4	Came back for dinner. I'm big on Chow Fun (it's a broad noodle) and I like theirs. Other dishes are solid. Good mix of borderline authentic / Americanized food.
5	The best thing about this place is the decor. All red/black, modern decor - oh so perfectly decorated, with a crystal dragon on the wall. The food presentation here is amazing. The plates, chopsticks, everything is thought out. The food we had was very good too. I had the "drunken noodles" dish, and my wife had some sashimi, which was very fresh and well presented (that is all sashimi needs to be.)So come here and get drunken noodles and sashimi.This place is on the expensive side, but it is worth going to, at least once.
5	Excellent service and an excellent meal. There are a wide variety of Asian dishes spanning from Japanese to Thai and everything inbetween. You can go as nice as toro or modest as a teriyaki bowl. Looking forward to going back and exploring more of the menu! Thanks Chef Jet!
2	$25 pad thai.tasted like every other pad thai ive had
3	Came for lunch before catching a flight home.  The decor of the restaurant is defintiely something to see.  Crystal Dragon.  'Nuff said.  If you don't plan to eat here, at least walk by and take a gander at the dragon.  It's quite something.  I wouldn't go as far as to say it's gorgeous or it's tacky...it's just something.Beyond the dragon (or perhaps including), the decor is a bit over the top with all the red and gold, but let's remember that this is Vegas, so I am not entirely surprised.Like everything at the Wynn/Encore, I feel like the restaurants are about 25% too expensive for the food, but because that is to be expected, I cannot in good conscience factor that into the rating.  The prices are what I expected to pay.For lunch, we had some edamame (pretty standard, nothing remarkable either way), a california and a spicy tuna roll (solidly good, fresh ingredients, fresh rice), and a bbq eel rice bowl.  This was definitely the highlight of the lunch.  The eel was abundant and cooked with a well-balanced eel bbq sauce (not too sweet), and laid atop a mound of rice and asian veggies.  It was so delicious.  If and when I return, it will be for the rice bowl.
4	We stuck to the Japanese side of the menu since we felt like a little sushi.  Seaweed salad: tasted so similar to the seaweed salad at our local favorite sushi joint, just a little more lemonyHamachi Chili:  wouldn't recommend this, the Hamachi was good and fresh and the plate looked beautiful but there wasn't much flavor or heat and it was just like eating sashimi which is fine but this was suppose to be a special plate and was overpriced for the result we got.  The rest of our meal consisted of a spicy tuna roll, avocado salmon roll, and hamachi roll.  All delicious standard rolls and just what we wanted.  Not terribly overpriced and absolutely excellent quality and freshness.  All in all we were quite satisfied with our meal and went off happy.  I will comment on the decor also, just like the rest of the hotel every detail has obviously been planned out, the dragon is amazing and I loved the chopstick holders on the table...more sushi places should have those.
5	Awesome awesome awesome. Absolutely love this place. Great ambience and a beautiful crystal dragon that graves the back wall sets the tone. Try the pineapple fried rice and the crispy fried trout. Everything was wonderful including their service.
2	2.5 starsI thought the food was mediocre and would easily recommend Lemongrass at Aria over Wazuzu....food was very similar to your standard Pan Asian fare at half the price.
4	Came back and the unagi & avocado roll is now $12 :(  Still delicious, though.  They really pack it with unagi so you're not getting gypped.Also tried the miso black cod.  Complete and utter love.
3	Only if you're staying in Wynn/Encore will you likely wander here. Otherwise, its nothing special. The food tastes good - it's your basic asian fusion mix (you can get curry, noodles, sea bass, etc). It's expensive, has an incredibly long wait, and can't really compare with all the other amazing food in LV. I will say, if you plan to go here, definitely go and put your name down, then walk down the hall towards the craps tables as you'll likely be waiting for ~30-45 min.
3	We did pre-show dinner here and were pleased with the efficient service and the food overall.Like the Encore and its sister Wynn this place is a treat for the eyes, with its decor awash in bright red hues and gold, and the striking crystal dragon on the back wall.  Our server was extremely poised and made good recommendations.  The food was pretty good.  I had the drunken noodles with chicken--the sweet soy sauce balanced the heat of the chiles well (while it's noted as "spicy" on the menu, you can select just how much).  My dining companion had the Thai spicy basil stir fry, which was good though we agreed the noodles won out.  Regardless, both dishes were of generous portions and were good value for the money.
5	I don't know what kind of experience folks who gave this place a "1 star" rating had, but the experience we had tonight was excellent - as I would expect from any establishment in this caliber of hotel.The wait staff was extremely attentive (we had no less than 3 people serving us, and checking on how we were doing, how we were enjoying our drinks and food, and if we needed anything or had questions). We started with appetizers (Kimchi and Seaweed Salad), both of which were excellent. For dinner I had the Korean Spare Ribs, and my boyfriend had the Drunken Noodles - both were fabulous (I *loved* the spare ribs). I also ordered a sake off the menu and it was quite delicious as well, while my boyfriend opted for the Thai Iced Tea. With tax and tip we spent about $100, but that's about how much we'd been spending on dinner at most places in the Wynn/Encore so it was not unexpected. I highly recommend this place if you love Asian Fusion and don't want to have to get too dressed up (they had no dress code compared to some of the higher-end places we dined at).
1	Steve Wynn should be slapped for this garbage establishment.I'm not saying it's the worst food I've ever had but I left feeling VERY disappointed. It's not Wynn quality. i wouldn't even put this place in Circus Circus.I just remember getting the bill and being pissed. I think the hotel ended up comping that lunch though.
4	Great food, chill atmosphere, pleasant staffSmooth, refreshing chilled Sake, 700ml bottle - checkLight & airy Cha Shu Bao filled with delectable bbq pork - checkBuddah's feast with perfectly cooked baby bok choy, brocolini, & mung beans - checkFresh sushi of buttery salmon, tangy yellowtail & robust tuna - checkSuper fresh veggie roll with a distinctive yet unidentifiable flavor - check Ready to leave - negativeSpicy tuna roll with avocado, topped with black sesame seeds and red pepper granules - checkFresh water eel cooked perfectly and topped with the sweet (but not too sweet) eel sauce - checkReady to leave - negative but we couldn't afford anymore...money-wise or stomach capacity-wise
2	Food is overpriced, which is not a big deal since we were in Vegas, but the quality was ridiculous.  Poor taste, no flavor, worst asian fusion I have ever had.  Would not recommend.  More of a place to grab a light appetizer before a club, not good for a decent meal.
5	Excellent food, excellent service, good decor...it's a win all around!Four of us enjoyed dinner at Wazuzu this past weekend, and we didn't stop raving about it all weekend long.The sushi dishes were delicious...very fresh ingredients and different than any sushi we've had before (and we eat a lot of sushi here in San Diego).The drunken noodles were a huge hit! And don't miss the crunchy roll! Amazing!We also had the pleasure of meeting Jet, the head chef, and he was very nice and thanked us for coming in. Overall one of the best dining experiences we've had in Vegas and we can't wait to go back!
5	Wazuzu serves up incredibly sexy, Asian-influenced cuisine that should not be missed when you're in Vegas.  Bright red walls encompass the cozy, open restaurant.  A giant crystal dragon watches over you as you debate which dishes you'll try this time.  And with that - the Hamachi Chili Sashimi was amazing.  Even the non-sushi eaters in our group loved it.  The Crunch Roll is a work of art that you want to frame rather than eat, but trust me, it's much too delicious just to look at.  The oversized Pork Potstickers with Ponzu Sauce are expertly seasoned and not greasy at all. For the main course - Drunken Noodles, Salt and Pepper Prawns and Thai Basil Chicken.  All three were equally impressive and the portion sizes were very generous.  The Prawns almost look as if they need a sauce, but after biting into them, you them so juicy that a sauce would only mask their true flavor.  The noodles on the other hand beg you to finish off the accompanying sauce that complements them justly.  The crisp red and green bell pepper adds a nice touch of color to the bowl.  Wazuzu is a MUST try for any foodie in Vegas.
2	I ate here for brunch with my family. I thought the food was lacking in creativity. There was nothing special about the food. The service was good. The atmosphere was fun looking out onto the casino. The food was overpriced for what you were getting, which was simple plates. So, I don't recommend it to those on a budget and want good chinese food.
1	I know it's Vegas, but this place was ridiculously overpriced for what it is. I came in with a friend for a light, late dinner. The place is cute enough, but somewhat noisy since it's open to the Encore casino. I wasn't that hungry, so I ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad ($16) and a pot of green tea ($8!). The server turned to me and said, "Is that all you're getting?" Which struck me as bizarre at best and rude at worst. As if my paltry $25 order of a salad and tea wasn't worth her time? I asked, "Why, is the salad small?" and she replied that it was. So, I opted to order the pot stickers as well.  My friend ordered three hand rolls and a Diet Coke.So for all that we ordered it came out to $80 with tip. Worth it? Hardly. My salad was, surprisingly, not that small but decent sized. Was it good... eh, certainly not bad, but nothing that exciting. The pot stickers were equally middling: you only get four (anywhere else on the planet and you get six) and decent, but not great. Best thing about this place was that it was halfway from my show at the Wynn and my hotel room at the Encore. Otherwise, pretty much a ripoff for what we got.
3	Wazuzu.  Pan-Asian.  I can't really complain about the decor.  There's a huge ass shiny dragon and gold colored enormously oversized pears everywhere.  Bright red walls and white padded comfy booths.  The cha sao plate with the bbq pork and bbq duck came out looking really pretty.  The duck was too dry but the bbq pork was pretty suculent and tender.  The duck curry was flavored well.  It's definitely pan Asian cuz the flavors were a bit different from usual Thai fare.  The pineapple fried rice was a little dry but the flavor was good and the prawns were big and juicy.  The pad thai was pretty good, no complaints there.  All in all, it was a little steep for the price, but the ingredients were pretty quality and the service was excellent.
2	This place was a huge letdown in addition to being overpriced.  We went here while starving for lunch and read the menu outside the restaurant which sounded great- nothing uniquely special, typical thai-japanese dishes but we looked forward to ordering dishes that we were already familiar with.Put in our names, hostess said it wouldn't take more than 15-25minutes max.  She took our cell phone number and said they would call when it was ready.  We checked back 30 minutes later after no call, still no table.  Another 20 minutes later and now even more starving, they finally seated us- they had never even called us to tell us our table was ready.  Not sure if they may have written the number down wrong.So after the 50 minute wait to be seated we already knew what we wanted.Salmon skin rolls, pad thai, mongolian beef, bok choy, miso soup, and a thai crepe dessert.The salmon skin rolls were fishy and not up to par of what my friends were used to at other japanese restaurants.  Even though they were starving they didn't even want to finish the rolls.The pad thai was AWFUL! The only good thing about it was the giant shrimp that came with it.  Couldn't pinpoint what exactly made it so bad but that was another dish that went unfinished.Bok choy was good but how badly could a nice restaurant like this one mess up a stir fry vegetable dish?Mongolian beef was the only main dish that was good.  After trying all the main dishes we cancelled the crepe dessert in fear of getting served another plate that was another disaster version of a favorite dish!The only upside was the service and the thai iced tea.Such a disappointment for a restaurant that should have been a high quality meal in one of vegas's nicest new casino additions.Hoping we came on an off day, the server said that sometimes the dishes vary depending on the chef.  Unfortunately I don't intend on going back to find out if that's true.
4	How can 2 dishes of food = $100?  Easy in Vegas and easy at this place.  We ordered the Drunken Noodles and Ginger Scallion Seabass, a glass of wine, and a Thai iced coffee.  As we were waiting for our food, I turned around and noticed a massive dragon.  I was like, "huh nice plastic beads".  The waiter quickly corrected me and said it is ALL Swarkovski crystal with the exception of the head and the feet.  He also mentioned that that fucking dragon (he didn't say "Fucking', I did) cost $1.5 million!  No wonder our dinner cost so much.  The dragon was sucking the cash right out of my wallet behind me.I'd have to say the food was quite tasty, although not $100 tasty.  Next time, I'm going to a place where they have cheap wall decorations.
3	wow!!! this place was quite expensive. Food was ok... I ordered the tom yum soup and it was yummy as well as the terriyake salmon and some sushi... everything was good.. i'm just not sure it was worth the price that i paid for... i Probably will not go here again... THey dont give a lot of food also... try others
4	i love their food :) soooo good... to the sushi (always fresh!).... to panang curry (get the appetizer the bread is sooo good.. kinda oily sometimes tho).... a little expensive overall tho if you do sushi and rolls. but i like!!!
5	As far as asian food goes in Las Vegas, Wazuzu is hard to top!  While standard tourists will complain about the "high prices" Wazuzu is easily the most reasonably priced fine asian restaurant on the strip, especially for what you are getting.The Korean short ribs are some of the most amazing things I have ever tasted, and their sweet and sour chicken elevates way above an 8 dollar styrofoam box from Panda Express.Everyone I was with had a difficult time finishing their food, although everyone tried as it was all so delicious!Like the semi-casual arrangement of the restaurant that looks out on the casino, keeps it open and energetic, and not the standard quiet secluded bamboo garden of a typical Asian restaurant.
3	By three stars, I really mean 3.5, and by 3.5 stars I really mean: this place was good.It's Asian fusion, a bit pricier but I guess that's the price you pay for fusion now a days. I had the crispy fish with thai herbs - the flavors were spot on but I wish the fish was crispier and hotter, it was more slightly soggy and lukewarm :(The mongolian beef was mongolian beef. Portions here are alright, wish they were a bit larger and prices were reasonable, considering you are in Vegas for peet's sake. Though I wish I tried some of the drinks - they looked fabulous!
3	During my 4 day stay in Vegas we ate here three times. It was quick, easy, good, and cheap. We tried most things on the menu. Everything we had was very good minus the eel avocado roll. My boyfriend and I had lunch here on our first day and I ordered the eel and avocado roll. My boyfriend didn't have any but I finished it. Several hours after lunch I had a short case of food poisoning. I felt very nauseous and couldn't move. I stayed in bed the rest of the day. I will be back again if I am in the area but i will not be ordering the eel avocado roll.
3	Our bill came out to be about $500. We ordered one of the Soju, but did not realize that it was nearly like Vodka - 80 proof. Word of caution: Don't order that "soju vodka" drink.As for the food, it was "MEH." For $500, we ordered about 5 dishes. Typical plate is about $30-$40 or so. Alcohol adds on another $30-$50/person, so it's safe to assume that it's $100 a person.Food wasn't anything special. It was like going to any other Chinese restaurant in California. I would rather have paid an extra $50 to go to Botero. Don't get me wrong - the food is still pretty delicious, but being Chinese, it was truly nothing special.
3	My mom and I were staying at Encore and we had just seen Le Reve. She wanted to eat soup noodle, so we decided to go to Wazuzu (even though I was looking at yelp reviews on my phone and it wasn't that great). She got Egg noodle soup and I got Tom Yum rice noodle soup. Maybe because I wasn't that hungry, but I seriously didn't care too much for my soup. Her egg noodle soup was really good though. Ambience 5 stars, Service 5 stars, Food 3 stars.I would give this place a 4 star if it wasn't so overpriced or the food was better. We got 2 glasses of white wine and 2 bowls of noodle soup, and paid over $80. Definitely NOT worth the price. I don't mind eating mediocre food when it's cheap, I also don't mind splurging on really good food, but Wazuzu fits neither of the two scenarios. If you are at Wynn or Encore and want to eat Asian food, go to Red 8 in Wynn. It costs just about the same, but I think their food is worth the money.
2	This establishment, inside of the Encore Casino, has all of the authenticity of what you would expect a Chinese restaurant in downtown Hong Kong to feel & look like. My waiter was even from Hong Kong! However, the food was only average at best. The rice in my main course was terribly underdone! For the price per person I would not dine here again.
5	Another great meal at Wazuzu.  Chef Jet is a star and food is solid.  Its not cheap Chinese and you will have sticker shock if you are looking for the 3.99 lunch special but if you want great food in a spectacular environment you wont be disappointed.
5	amazingly delicious! so worth the money.
3	Located inside EncoreThey came by to refill water but other than that, no one really checked on us.Tom yum soup - Standard tom yum soup. Yummy, but way too smallMatsu special - fabulous sauce...I could eat this alone
4	Very good asian restaurant.  The food rates a 5, and the interior of the restaurant is beautiful, especially the crystal dragon was splendid.  The one drawback I found was it was open to the casino, which really made it much more casual than it should have been.  I had the mongolian beef, which was superb, while my wife had an assortment of sushi.  For a starter we had the wonton soup, which is one of the 5 best wonton soups I've ever had (right up there with Wo-Hop's in NYC and Jade Palace in Scottsdale).
2	I understand that all of these hotels feel that when you come to Vegas that you have cashed out all of your savings and are willing to spend copious amounts of money for EVERYTHING but c'mon $14 for a small bowl of wonton soup?  I received three small wontons with some fresh julienned carrots and two tiny leafs of bok choy.  Next time i'll take a cab to something better.
3	The American waitress asked me as I was ordering a bottle of white wine..."So you would like a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon Blanc right??" I understand that not everyone knows about wine but c'mon! I had to doubly repeat myself in case she got it wrong. Any dining establishment that gets their servers (snooty-might I add) to introduce themselves with pomp and ceremony and how they shall be looking after you for the evening....and then disappear really should halt this practice cos its irritating. Food was fine...nothing hectic. I've tasted much better Pad Thai down the local Chinese take-away. The whole experience was bland much like the food....but the prices certainly were not. Would I go again. No.
2	Stayed at the Encore - went here for dinner our first night when we arrived.  We were hungry and both ordered the prix fixe menue.  It is a good deal for $30.  I started with the miso soup, husband started with the chinese chicken salad.  Both were large portions.  For dinner I got the basil chicken and hubby got the chicken teriyaki bowl.  Definitely good quality meat and vegetables being used.  Only complaint is that the cups they use for water are tiny, and we were constantly looking for the wait staff with the water.  Service was slow - but I think that was just our perception because we were starving.  Mochi balls to finish and we were FULL.  Not a spectacular meal but not bad either.
4	Came here with my mom for dinner. She was craving noodles and they had the best mein with bbq pork, wontons and chicken. Delicious!I'm vegan so i had the mixed vege stir fry.. very clean and not oily.. great selection of veges.
4	We were persuaded to visit after Giada de Laurentiis reco'd their drunken noodles as "the best I ever ate with chopsticks" on the Food Network. Despite being "booked" for reservations online, the hostess at Wazuzu seated us promptly for dinner on a Sunday evening. We were seated on the outer perimeter of the restaurant closest to the slot machines. On the table for review: + Tom Yum Goong Soup - Thai hot and sour soup. Serving size is for one, but is easily split for two is AHMAZING and, aside from the Wynn Buffet, has made it to my personal "must eat while in Vegas" list. Perfectly balanced and well seasoned, with GIANT, tender prawns. This is the perfect cure to ANY hangover! +/- Drunken noodles w/ beef - drunken? why drunken? the common hypothesis being that the noodles and other sauteed fixin's are absolutely doused in sauce! Other than the celebrity chef appeal, these noodles had little remaining gusto going for them. It's not bad (not overly greasy, too spicy, or too small - definitely fares as a larger sharing dish), but it's not great. I even dare say that I've had better flat wide noodle dishes in a hole in the wall Asian restaurant in Los Angeles. Sorry Giada! + Salt & Pepper Prawns - GORGEOUS. PHOTO WORTHY. WILL HAVE YOUR TASTE BUDS DANCING! TOTALLY RECOMMEND!!! For a dish that is indeed deep fried, it is perfectly crisp and light. My guilty pleasure is ordering a side of rice and scooping up the remaining fried tidbits of garlic, onion, and jalapeno and mixing it together just to get the last bits of amazingness. Coming back for more? ABSOLUTELY! I wish Wazuzu had other locations beside Las Vegas, I would order out from here weekly if not monthly if I could. Great destination for: * casual date * Asian fusion * when you're too lazy to walk around a buffet line* before you hit up the slots
2	Most overpriced mediocre Asian food ever.  Everything tasted like something you could get at a fast food Chinese restaurant.  It's ridiculous that they charge $18 for a plate of vegetables and $28 for some rice porridge.  I don't understand why people even come here!  I would never choose to eat here if I was actually paying for it.
5	Last night of our stay, we couldn't be bothered going 'out'. So glad we ended up here. Roti Panang was delicious, my drunken noodles was tasty and hubby wants to go back to Vegas just to have more Nasi Goreng.
4	Don't really have any major complaints about this place. I think what I liked most about it was the location and the decor inside. Huge sparkly dragon along the wall, everything is warm, golden-tone. It's relaxing with a hint of Asian fusion. The service was nice, went during lunch so it wasn't too busy. Food-wise: the drunken noodles are your best bet, if its your first time. They use the flat rice noodles, and the taste was pretty good. I ordered the panang curry, and it was delicious! Although it was a little expensive for noodles and curry, the portions are good! I wasn't able to finish all my curry and shared it with the table. Thai tea was too sweet. Didnt really taste that authentic, just like something from a can. So caution there.
3	I ate here with my dad. It was good but not the best I've ever had.It's like every asian country mixed into one menu.We spent like $200 on a lunch for two of us.
3	We went to Vegas for the week for a convention and Wazuzu was our first dinning experience of the week. Since it's a fairly high end restaurant at the Encore hotel, we thought it would be reflected in the service. How wrong we were.First off, we showed up with a group of 8 for our 8pm reservation, which they claim they didn't have. Fast forward 30 mins later, we finally get a table. No apologies, no explanations, just here's your table... The menu is an eclectic mix of Asian cuisines. They have a mix of Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai and Vietnamese dishes.Since we were a large group we ordered a variety of maki rolls and dim sum. The dim sum was good and so were the maki rolls. However, at $30 a pop, I didn't notice any difference from the $6.99 rolls I can get at any hole-in-the wall sushi bar. For my entree, I ordered the mongolian beef, which was very well done in a nice spicy sauce. The portion was a bit too big for me.The wine and cocktail list is decent with a good selection of red & whites as well as a selection of sakes from Junmai Daiginjo to Junmai.
2	Yet another overpriced Wynn restaurant with average food. As much as I love staying at the Wynn/Encore I'm struggling to get past the grossly overpriced food.We tried the drunken noodles and Malaysian fried rice. Both were average in taste, presentation and portion size but with the Wynn price penalty. It's like paying for an oil change on a BMW....$120 instead of $30 on a Honda. If you want the convenience of average Asian food in the Wynn/Encore at a ridiculous pride then give the up-the-wazu a try.
1	Are you freakin' kidding me 5 guests (mind you, one never ate) and $200 bucks later we're still hungry? Are. you. kidding. me. Mmmyea... goodluck staying aboard.
1	Whenever I travel to a small town, say in Europe or the US, and I see that one lone 80s-style Asian take-out restaurant that offers "Chinese / Thai / Korean / Japanese" food, I always crack up.  Think of how much more they can charge for their food if they could update their sign to say "Asian fusion", put in some trendy furniture, and dim lighting?Well, those smarty-pants at Wazuzu have done just that.  You can find everything but the kitchen sink on their menu - from sushi rolls (Japanese), to wonton soup (Chinese), to Pad Thai (Thai) and hey, even kim chi (Korean)!  So really, they should bill themselves as a "Chinese / Thai / Korean / Japanese" restaurant after all!  But then they wouldn't be able to charge the prices they do.When you are a Jack of All Trades, you cannot expect to be an expert in anything.  This shows in the food at Wazuzu.  The teriyaki bowls are deconstructed plain stirfried overcooked beef or chicken slices - you have to pour your own teriyaki sauce over it.  Hmm....  This is accompanied by over-steamed green veggies on the side, dry rice in the middle, and plain stirfried peppers.  OK, this looks like an amateurish arrangement of buffet food.  Prices lean more towards the upper teens for entrees, and they charge $13 for JUST the wontons in soup.  Over at Red 8 bistro, you get a whole bowl of wontons AND noodles for the same price.  Hmm.... guess where I'm going back to next?Wait staff is unfriendly and don't even try calling them directly for reservations.  They don't pick up their phones even though there are often 2-3 waiters standing around with nothing to do.  Yes, that's correct, this is a pretty empty restaurant even at dinner time.  I guess people are voting with their feet....
4	Wazuzu with it's imposing gold pears at the entrance was one of our meals at our staycation at the Encore. With Tal Ronnen coming to the Wynn properties and revamping their vegan menus, I have to say that all the restaurants at these resorts have seriously commendable options. Our order:Dim Sum : Gardein "Chicken" Shu Mai-Considering my experience with Shu Mai has been...nada....this was a new epicurean experience for me. The dish was executed well. It had the flavors of sesame oil and Chinese five spice. The Gardien was shaped to fit into the Shu Mai wrapper and steamed well. $9 for 4 (rather small) piecesDim Sum : Jade Dumplings-Spinach dumplings with shitake mushrooms. Steamed to come out as a translucent green dumpling, this was a treat to the eyes. I enjoyed the simple Asian flavors of these dumplings and for the heat-lover, the side of red chili in vinegar would kick up the notch a bit. Again $9 for 4 (rather small) piecesCantonese Fried Rice- Crispy white rice fried to perfection with mixed vegetables and slivered asparagus. This is how all fried rice should be. $16 for a bowl. I thought the pricing of this was rather ridiculousSweet and Sour Gardein "Chicken"- Now, when I read this on the menu, I immediately vetoed getting it. You see, Gardein makes a similar dish available in the frozen aisle. But my husband coerced me into OKing this order as he was sold after reading that the Gardein was crispy. The presentation was spectacular. The mix of the Gardein pieces, bell peppers and onions and sweet and sour sauce was scooped into a half piece of hollowed pineapple. And yes, this dish was not quite as similar as the frozen entree that is available at Whole Foods. The Gardein used had a different texture and shape and the sauce was definitely freshly prepared. I would (in a heartbeat) order this fantastic concoction again! $17 for the dish.Our waiter, Mario was efficient and got us everything we needed in a timely manner. The restaurant itself is not exactly formal dining but nice enough to wear a pretty dress and strappy heels to. Jet Tila (the chef) was hanging around the place. This to me is a positive sign since he's actually looking at what's coming out of his kitchen. I really like the menu here at Wazuzu and yes, it is pricey. But it's also pretty good.
4	Wazuzu is actually a fairly affordable option if you don't order sushi, and I was surprised that everything that arrived at our table was much better than expected.Uni (sea urchin) on the sashimi platter was very fresh: it was noticeably sweet and freshly briny, where urchin that's past its prime gets a dull flavor. Tom yum goong (hot & sour Thai lemongrass soup) with shrimp was excellent - I ordered it full-on Thai spicy, and it indeed arrived loaded with chili oil and thinly sliced green chili pepper. The heat and sourness was well balanced, the shrimp were perfectly cooked, and you could still taste all the ingredients despite the heat.Drunken noodles with shrimp were very good, as well. Again, large shrimp perfectly cooked. Seasoned well, with just the right amount of chili heat. Sure, it probably shouldn't cost $20+ for noodles, but it's Las Vegas. And it's tasty, and filling. I normally don't leave food on the table, but I actually didn't finish about a quarter of the dish so the portion size was more than adequate.Contrast Wazuzu with the Palazzo's Zine, and the choice is obvious.
5	Wazuzu has never let me down!!  Can always walk right in, even on a Saturday night.  Drinks are amazing, sushi is great and the drunken noodles are to die for!!
2	Very overpriced and throughly average sushi/asian food place in Encore. Rolls and pieces are more than double the price of sushi in socal, and no better than your typical hole in the wall spot in oc or la. Moreover, this place doesn't really have an identity-- serves sushi, chinese food, japenese food-- and there isn't even a sushi bar, which is weird. Overall I found it to be the kind of meal where you wish after you'd just gone to Subway or something, because it would have been just about as good and alot cheaper and faster. Go next door to La Cave at Wynn and have a great meal for less money.
2	We did Wazuzu on Saturday. Needless to say it WAZ-ok-ok.More fluff than filling. Way overpriced but I guess it comes w the territorysince its at the Encore Hotel.Best thing of the whole experience was the 3 foot lazy susan on the table and the $1.7 million Swarovski Crystal dragon hanging over our heads.Hamachi was ok, the Kobe Beef plate was good, they were skimpy on the shrimp Panang Curry but the assorted bbq plate was ok.
4	We visited Wazuzu due to its fantastic vegan menu.  The food was absolutely delicious and featured tofu and gardein based dishes.  The food was a little expensive, but worth it if you're a vegan in vegas.  I also made a video review that can be seen here:  http://youtu.be/EsKIJ0-7gG0.
4	One of my girlfriends treated us out to dinner here at Wazuzu after our insane day pool party and VIP table next to DJ Afrojack at Encore Beach (Lil Jon was at our same table). We had the whole dinner comped - yay! We were all starving due to the entire day dancing. So, all six of us ordered one or two rolls, which cost about $30 each. This is pretty expensive for sushi that was wrapped in a lot of rice. I thought the vegan rolls were creative though. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I've had fresh sushi before in Asia and in the states like SF, Miami, and NYC, and Wazuzu is definitely not up to par. However, we were able to walk right in after a crazy day at the pool party (and after they made me put a tank top over my bikini - lol so lame). The dessert on the other hand was DELICIOUS!!! This was my official birthday dessert moment in Vegas after four days of non-stop craziness! The chocolate cake literally melted in our mouths, the mango/lychee/coconut sorbet was so yummy, and the coconut crepe was devine. All three desserts made this three-star restaurant a four. Mmm.. sweets!
4	i found out about wazuzu after watching this one episode on food network. giada de laurentiis claimed that one of the best things she's ever eaten was the drunken noodles at wazuzu. i just so happened to be in vegas last week and had the pleasure of ordering the drunken noodles for myself. IT WAS YUMMERS. my friend ordered the sweet and sour chicken and that was yummers as well. the food came out in a pineapple! we thought the drunken noodles alone wasn't going to be enough to fill us up but there was more than enough food. i would give this place 5 stars if it wasn't so expensive. =/
5	first of all, maybe i'm biased, but the chef is half Thai and half Chinese (HK) which makes him and his restaurant waaaay awesome! i will say that the food is very delicious!  I came here with my girls and we weren't that hungry going in, but knew we had to eat something before the night so some of us ordered rolls and rice bowls.  pineapple fried rice- this was probably the best pineapple fried rice i have ever had (sorry mom!) it had Chinese sausage, shrimps, and duck meat in it.  3 things that i love!  It had the perfect hint of garlic and sweet and tartness from the pineapple.  My friend ordered this and I wanted to finish her bowl for her.  YUMMZA~me and my friend ordered brown rice bowls which i loved.  I love eating brown rice and after eating so much junk food in vegas this was perfect!  i had mine with crispy tofu and hers was salmon.  Both were delicious! The tofu was fried perfectly without being oily and it was layered with onions, carrots, and bell peppers, all topped with toasted seasame seeds and a sauce that reminds me of eel sauce when you order cut rolls!I really wanted to try the drunken noodles...  I was torn between that and the rice bowl, but i figured brown rice was healthier.  next time i'm back, Im def getting the drunken noodles!  i just saw that it was Giada's "best thing i ever ate"  ;-)q u i c k   t i p If you get the chance, say hi to the owner/chef Jet.  he's super friendly and really an awesome guy!w h a t   i   d i g huge crystal dragon on the wall.. its so perrrrtyyyyyyy!
5	Awesome dinner on August 8, 2011.  Steamed miso cod = delicious! Jade dumplings = outstanding!  Chicken curry was terrific too!  We will definitely return on our next trip.  Flavorful and interesting food, wonderful service - - Wazuzu rocks!
5	Cami and I stayed at the Encore and took some friends to dinner before going to see our friends Penn And Teller perform. This may be the most upscale Asian restaurant I have ever been in. It is absolutely exquisite. The Decore, including a one million dollar dragon made of  swarovski crystals is beautiful. We all shared numerous dishes including sea weed salad, edemame, salmon skin salad, beef chow fun, miso marinated black cod, pineapple fried rice and Korean short ribs. Every dish was PERFECT.  We also ordered the shu Mai, hut unfortunately they forgot to bring them to the table. It was ok there because we had plenty of food and it was so delicious. Besides the waiter was so embarrassed and not defensive of the screw up, so that was fine.  All in all it was an EXCEPTIONAL experience, and I gavenit 5 stars, but I'm always troubled paying $40/person for Asian food, no matter how elegant and delicious.
1	The boyfriend and I knew we were in trouble once we sat down and looked at the menu. Waves of thai, chinese, and japanese dishes pulled us under. I've never been to a restaurant that "specialized" in so many cuisines... But I guess that's asian fusion for you. It means whatever the hell you want it to mean! (aka mediocre food royally dubbed fusion). We ordered an avocado & unagi roll. Nothing special. Wrapped in clear rice paper, I believe. Not the traditional seaweed. I also ordered the crispy tofu teriyaki bowl. The tofu was soggy. Not worth $18. I could've made that at home. Hell, a non-asian could've cooked that at home. We noticed that the dim sum was $9 each. It normally costs $3. No thanks. We ordered hot jasmine tea. $8! Would probably never come back here, but at least now I can say that I tried it.The service, however, was superb. Very attentive.
3	(+)- nasi goreng- thai tea(-)- priceyDecided to try this place on Sunday afternoon. It wasnt very busy and we got to sit at the big table under the head of the humongous dragon attached to the wall, totally rad! I got the nasi goreng (fried rice) which was 23 bucks and thai tea which was 5 bucks. Both were good though I don't think the nasi goreng was worth what I paid. Pretty good service, they box your leftovers for you in reusable plastic boxes too, legiiit.Service was attentive. Good food but high prices.
4	we were dying for noodle soup.  as we were going to go to the Encore beach club that sunday, we thought to stop here for lunch before heading there.nice restaurant.service was awesome.  we got seated right away and it was not that busy.  upscale chinese restaurant for sure.you will not be getting paper napkin nor plastic anything.table settings to ambience is of a 5 star restaurant.but definitely not your regular chinese restaurant prices.  $20 for combination noodle soup bowl.  the wonton and soup were perfect, noodle was not that good.  they pack it in with a lot of chinese brocolli.overall, nice restaurant, decent food, vegas prices and great service...4 star it is :)
2	What should have been an hour dinner took two and a half hours. We did a whole lotta waiting. Not that I didn't want to spend some quality time with my lovely companion (who works in the casino, and yes they knew this ahead of time which makes this all the more ludicrous), but the insane wait time and overall awkwardness was just too much to bear and made this experience excruciating. We show up, and there is a 20 minute wait time. That's fine, it's a small restaurant. But as we later learned, the wait time probably could have been cut down drastically if they had decent service. Since they don't have a bar, we ran over to Society where my favorite waiter recognized us, and even though we weren't eating there sent us over some pretzels and vegan butter. A+ service there. We hoped Wazuzu would be on par since they are only 2 doors down from each other, but they were not.We get seated, and we placed our drink order. 10 minutes pass. Jasmine tea (lovely, very fragrant) comes out and then we order our food. First problem is the vegan part of the menu - it says vegan/vegetarian menu. Some of the names of the vegan items said vegan right in the title, but a lot did not and you had to go by the ingredients to see if it was not vegan. I wish they would have split it up differently or had some sort of marking to make ordering easier. My friend ended up ordering a vegan crunch roll, and I asked for the jade dumplings and a vegan drunken noodle dish with Gardein chicken. We expected a wait time for the food, but I was getting restless already. Food came out all at once and it was lovely.  The jade dumplings are in fact a bright shade of green, and quite delicious - I loved how it was served. The crunch roll was served just like a regular sushi roll, and even though I do not have an affinity for cucumber and avocado, it was decent; the mango sauce really made it for me, however. The drunken noodles were delicious, with just the right amount of spice. I really couldn't complain with my meal. The one thing restaurants do that annoy me unlike no other- especially ones that have more of an upscale element - is if they aren't good at refilling water. The cups at Wazuzu are TINY so you would think they would be generously refilled at any occasion. Not so much. I had to ask for a refill, and it still took a couple minutes to come around; and when there is spicy food involved, Adina needs water NOW. We saw our waitress standing around - a lot. So much that it was very obvious. I was blown away with the lack of customer service - she did not come to ask us how we were doing once, and was very quiet. Plates are picked up as my friend goes off to the bathroom, and she asks if I need a box for my meal. That's it. Another 6 minutes or so passes, I get my box, and only then does she ask if we would like dessert. We were going to order immediately, but she disappeared AGAIN to get menus, dropped them off and ran off again. Son of a...We order dessert which also takes a while, which is strange since it's pretty much pre-made. We got the vegan brownie sundae, which the ice cream looked like it had a giant thumbprint in it. Not appetizing. I still downed this like crazy, but I feel like the peanuts on top kind of kill the flavor. If the ice cream was peanut butter and not chocolate, I think it would be better; or even vanilla. It was still very tasty, but I would order it sans peanuts next time. Finally, the check is dropped off. And we wait. 15 minutes. She comes over and asks us if we want the check processed. THAT'S WHY WE'RE STILL SITTING HERE!! I don't know if she thought she was psychic and knew we were paying with the right amount of cash, but damn. We could have been paying with a card as well, cheese and rice! Just take it and ask if we want change or see how we're paying. Bachi Burger all over again. I left this restaurant infuriated. I LOVED the food, but would only order take-out from this restaurant. You couldn't pay me to sit through that horror show unless it was with Shia LaBeouf and I was dying to spend more time with him - THIS is the restaurant I would take him to. Food and decor would be 4-5 stars, but the service was -4854789547, which is a 2 -star average. I can do math!
3	My girls and I came here to have dinner before going to the best club in town, XS. Wazuzu hands down prettiest restaurant in Encore. The beautiful red decor and that Swarvoski dragon hinged on the wall awes you and before you know it you're sitting at the table ordering wonton soup and fried rice! Haha. So we ordered the panang thai curry, spicy tuna roll, imperial rolls, wonton soup, and duck noodle soup. The sushi, duck noodle soup, spicy tuna roll were all really yummy. The wonton soup, eh, I make better! And the imperial rolls were crap. Don't get it. Service was alright, our waitress Yoko was lurking around the table waiting for us to order, seriously Yoko, calm down. Anyways, it was a pleasant experience in all. On your way out make sure you grab their mints - best mints ever! Chocolate and peppermint, I should have grabbed a handful!
3	drunken noodle, fries rice, great flavorsushi rice is not sushi rice
3	The service and atmosphere were great, however the food was quite mediocre for the price. If compared to other Asian places I've been to in Las Vegas the whole experience was probably the best so far, but that's not saying a whole lot. What this place does have that most do not is a fusion themed menu, so you can get Chinese, Indian, Thai, Singaporean, and Japanese foods.
3	Am I the only one who had the urge to say the name of this place with a kazoo in my mouth? Wazuzu! Kazoo-zoo! The ambiance and service? Fantastic. They handled our large party well, making sure everything came out how we wanted it. And how can you not love that giant crystal dragon on the wall? It's so shiny and pretty! The food though? Not so fantastic. If my dim sum dumplings had a face to slap (maybe I could have created one as I can get quite artistic with my food), I would have slapped it for being a disgrace to dim sum. Everything else I sampled was merely mediocre. Ok, fine, I would have preferred generic Chinese carry-out.
5	Loved the vegan options! Great service, decor and terrific food. Would definitely go back.  But be warned you need to have deep pockets.  But that's true of all the places in the Wynn.
5	This is one of my cousin's favorite restaurant to go to when she is in LV . So naturally, I was very excited to eat here. As you walk in the restaurant we were greeted with the hostess where she sat us down in a large round table that was dressed will traditional yet modern place settings. You're immediately drawn to the main wall where it had a gigantic but beautiful, crystal dragon, which is rumored to be $1million in cost, it was quite impressive. The service was on point. The waiter had a very strong accent, but nonetheless super happy and friendly. He always filled our water glasses, as well as helped us with the menu selection. Their prices and portion were decent. We ordered the shrimp dim sum which were great little pillows of goodness. I could have just ate that all night.  We also got the drunken noodles, which were featured as Giada De Laurentiis favorite dish on "Best Thing I Ever Ate" and the Kalbi beef. All the food were nicely flavored and not too greasy. We ended with Rotti bread and their homemade coconut ice cream. Over all it was a well balance meal with great service and atmosphere. I will definitely come back again this is a  5/5!!!
2	We came here for the sushi, so my review is only as to the sushi. They also serve Chinese food and Japanese Terriyaki but we did not try it. The rolls were very simple, and did not have the flavor profiles one would expect for $30 specialty rolls. We ordered the red dragon and the crunch and both were rather bland. The hand rolls were good and around $8 each but were also rather simple. I was expecting more given the price and in comparison to other sushi establishments that we have been to in Vegas.
4	I really, really wanted to try Wazuzu, after seeing the episode on tv about the drunken noodles being the best thing Giada had ever eaten.  Our lunch was certainly very good.  I loved that we could dine overlooking the casino floor at Encore.  The drunken noodles were quite good but not amazing.  My husband ordered something that the waiter suggested, I think pepper steak, and it was very good, as well. I did not like that our waiter was constantly trying to sell us more and upgrade us ....with the rice, water, etc.  A bit over the top.Will be back.  We really enjoyed our lunch!
5	OH MY GODDD. BEST DRUNKEN NOODLES OF MY LIFE. Make sure you get it SPICY- there are different levels and my sister-in-law told me that she tried the drunken noodles mild and it just didn't taste as good as when you get it spicy. We must've ordered at least 10+ dishes (kalbi bbq ribs, red dragon roll, terriyaki bowl, miso black cod, panang curry, roti, vegetables) and the 2 things that stood out were the drunken noodles and miso black cod. I had no idea that the drunken noodles were featured on a tv show but I'm not surprised at all. Well deserved.
1	Waiting 20 minutes to get seated, then coming to find that this was just overpriced, mediocre Asian food. Very trendy, nicely decorated, but I thought the food was really bland. Nothing we ordered was really good. It lacked flavor, and the portions were tiny. I mean, it's obviously in the Encore, so I shouldn't have expected much, but if you're going to have an Asian restaurant, at least attempt to do it right.
3	I originally wanted to give this a 4 out of 5 but after some thinking this is really a 3.Like the vast majority of the upscale restaurants on the strip, you're buying the experience as much as the actual food. Its not really fair to go and downgrade the restaurant on price alone. Just because the meal costs 5 times more here than panda express doesn't mean it should taste 5 times better. Its not a linear relationship. Now that I get that out of the way...I thought the restaurant was "nice" and I can't think of a better word to describe it. The service was good, the food was tasty and the dragon on the wall looked cool. It took us about 30 minutes of waiting on a Friday night but that doesn't seem unreasonable.It seemed like an older crowd but there were a couple of families with little kids eating here.We got a bunch of different dim sum orders and they were all good but nothing really blew me away about it. The chicken drunken noodles were pretty good, they're packed with fresh herbs - basil and a bunch of other stuff I can't recall. The nice thing is that none of this tasted overly greasy like a lot of the chinese food you get around.Nothing about this restaurant stood out and there isn't a single reason i'd come back to eat here. I mean its fine if you feel like getting some chinese  and don't want to pony up for Wing Lei. They have rolls too but why go to an obviously Chinese restaurant and get rolls...
2	Never trust a 'high-class' restaurant that doesn't  know what it is serving.  I saw Chinese, Japanese and Thai food on this menu. the prices were also 10x regular dim sum fare.  I mean obviously, Las Vegas is not Monterrey Park, but give me a break.  The next time I want authentic Asian food, I will go off strip! If I am lazy, tired, hungover,or my baller mom is paying, I will go here.PROS:  - sea bass- pretty crystal glasses- attentive service- all the water you could drinkCONS:- chewy, large grain brown rice (maybe this is just expensive rice)- seems like crazy prices for dim sum- average sushiThe drunken noodle was def NOT "the best I ever ate".  It was pretty unmemorable!  Giada obviously doesn't know what she is talking about.  PSSHHHH, Food Network!
2	Seemed a bit overpriced and overly ambitious.  I love the decor and ambience of this place, but I get the feeling that Encore tries to overdo EVERYTHING in its hotel but trying to make everything as upscale as possible.  It took the unfortunate step of reinventing classic Asian dishes to "fancify" the food and still charge an arm and a leg.  I would have preferred the original dish at the upped prices.
5	My experience at Wazuzu was perfect. The staff was friendly and efficient. I eat a vegan diet and enjoyed the tofu with green beans and the vegan fried rice. Beautiful presentation and delicious. Wish I had some right now!
4	We saw this on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate - with chopsticks" featuring their drunken noddles. It's more of a Pan-Asian restaurant.That dish was pretty good but not the best thing, the spicy fried rice was good, the thai basil spicy beef was really good (the tastiest dish we ordered), and the dim sum was damn good too (sui mai & hai gow). Everything was with great quality ingredients!
4	Very nicely decorated restaurant. Service was great and food was overall good. We ordered: Miso cod - cooked to perfection, very flavorful w a bit of sweetnessDrunken noodles with beef - overrated. It give it 3 out of 5 stars. A little dry and the meat was a bit overcooked. Duck Curry - Never had duck cooked this well! It was juicy and the flavors of the curry was just the right amount of spicy. (ordered everything mild)
5	I'm an Asian food junkie. Thai, Vietnamese, Japanese, Chinese, Korean...I love it all. And living in a place like Los Angeles puts me at an extreme advantage for finding top quality Asian food. That being said, I will usually avoid fusion places because I think it's a little sketchy to be able to order a rainbow roll and pad thai in the same restaurant - how can you do such different cuisines in the same place well? After passing by Wazuzu on my way to the Wynn, I decided to throw aside my doubts and give it a try. Food in Steve Wynn's hotels has rarely disappointed me, so we put our name down (they don't take reservations) and waited. The wait was unsurprisingly long, so we shopped a little until they called us.As much as I love Food Network, I hadn't known that Giada came here to sample the drunken noodles until after, when I was browsing the reviews in the hotel room. Chalk it up to the Asian foodie in me, but that's what I ordered, with shrimp. My mom ordered the Chinese chicken salad. I got a spicy tuna hand roll as an appetizer. A common trend with most restaurants I've been to in Steve Wynn's hotels is that the food takes a little while longer to come out than what I'm used to, but I'm assuming this is because they're preparing things from scratch and fresh instead of defrosting or picking up something that's been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. Wazuzu was no exception.The drunken noodles came out in a large bowl (big portions make me happy!) with shrimps half the size of my fist. It was love at first sight. But it tasted even better: soft noodles, sweet sauce, fresh seafood, the perfect amount of spice. They got it just right. I sampled my mom's salad and was also impressed - it was super fresh and the dressing was divine. My hand roll was pretty good too. Overall, it was great. And we had enough for leftovers, and I left stuffed. All for a pretty reasonable (Vegas) price? I'm a fan!We came back again because we liked it so much. This time I ordered the Thai beef salad, which was just as great - citrus dressing, rare beef, fresh greens. And the interior is absolutely gorgeous - the crystal dragon hanging in the back of the restaurant was definitely a sight worth seeing. This was definitely my favorite restaurant at the Encore/Wynn. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!
4	We had a group of 10, and considering we didn't make a reservation and we went during lunch, we were seated rather quickly. About 10 minutes later, we were all seated at this huge gangster booth/table.The waiter was very attentive and carefully took our orders. The food took a while to come, but that was to be expected for such a large group.It really didn't seem like Asian fusion to me. Coming from LA, I tend to have high expectations for Asian food and I tend to avoid Asian fusion. But I really did enjoy all the tastes and textures the food at Wazuzu had to offer.- Northwestern Roll- spiny tuna roll, topped with salmon sashimi and wasabi tobiko caviarPretty typical for sushi. Nothing too fancy here. But I ordered several small dishes, so the portion size was perfect for me. But for others, I expect one would want something more substantial for a 30-dollar roll. - Drunken noodles with beef- Fresh rice noodles with Thai basil, sweet soy sauce, chillies and onions.The waiter asks how spicy you want it from a scale of 1-5. I got 3 and the dish had just the right amount of spice, not noticeable after just one bite, but definitely present throughout the whole dish. This was a little heavy (everyone was extremely hungover), but I enjoyed it. The portion size was larger than the other dishes I got, so I think this would be a good entree for someone with an appetite.- Tom Yum Rice Noodle SoupI normally wouldn't order $17 soup from a restaurant in Vegas, but everyone was recovering from the night before and I thought soup would be the perfect cure. This soup was pungent, very well spiced and, especially in my condition, hit the spot. The serving was rather small, but I enjoyed it and didn't feel too full after. Oh yah, HUUUUGE shrimp, I likes.Maybe not the best Asian food I've ever had, and definitely on the pricey side for small portions, but I would definitely come back here. Quality food, friendly staff, and upscale ambience (did I mention we were seated under a huge crystal dragon?!). Yay Wazuzu (:
5	Vegan sushi! Amazing food! Service and atmosphere is great as well. A bit pricey.
4	I rounded up to a four star.  But would have chosen 3.5 if option. Food was great.  We had a first time sushi eater at the table.   They won him over, he went back for seconds.  The hostess made us wait longer than was necessary   This was my only strike against the place.  Service was fine once we made it pass her.
1	Average at best.... FROZEN FROZEN FROZENAnyone who loves sushi knows, fresh fish is the key. Everything at Wazuzu was frozen and thawed... UNI - they simply didn't have it, nor Mahi... um guys it is Vegas, and it is on your Menu. If I remember correctly, this is the Wynn, are we not at the pinnacle of indulgence yet?Hamachi - very bland and obviously frozen. Ahi - just pitiful, guessing the steaks came from the local walmart frozen section. The final straw... the Salmon made me sick later that night, simply wasn't good.Beautiful setup, great service.... total crap food. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME.
2	Was staying at encore so I popped in for lunch.  I had high expectations it fell flat.  Dare I say pf changs is better?  Not impressed for the money much better options in Wynn/encore for lunch.
1	Anyone who likes Wazuzu must not know how real Pan-Asian food is supposed to taste. Not only is the food here not authentic whatsoever, it's overly-saucy, overcooked, and packed with more salt than you need for a week.-------------FOOD:Drunken Noodles = Way too salty and saucy. We asked for very spicy and it was just barely spicy.Korean Short Ribs = Meat wasn't very tender and it just tasted very cheap. The flavor was more like Teriyaki than true Korean Galbi.Crispy Tofu w/ String Beans = Horrible. There was so much sauce in this dish, filled with so much salt, that it ruined something as simply good as crispy tofu and string beans. The tofu was overly-fried and the string beans were undercooked.Yellow Curry = A huge bowl of bland yellow liquid. This is not curry -- this is watered-down curry broth.--------------It's such a shame, because Wazuzu has great decor (their crystal dragon is definitely a sight to be seen) and is inside one of the best hotels in Vegas.I mean, even being slightly starstruck from having Jermaine Dupri sitting at the table next to us (I'm a 90's hip hop fan) couldn't even remotely salvage how horrible food is here.
3	Nothing particularly special about this place.  I've bee twice just because we happened to be in the Encore and weren't in a position to go super out of the way to find better food.Although a little overpriced, the food is pretty good but not generally exceptional.Panang curry = the one stand out, but I hate places that charge you separately for rice.  How are you supposed to eat curry without rice?!  Absurd.  Careful about the spice level you get.Pad thai = *insert Obama Not Bad meme here* Orange Beef = it's hard to go wrong with deep fried beef drenched in sauceDrunken Noodles = nothing beyond what I expectedThe service was adequate, but not really to the level I thought it would be for an Encore restaurant.
5	I had a late lunch here since dinner wasn't until 10 and we spent all day at Encore Beach Club. The food was great, they allowed bathing suits in (which many of the Wynn restaurants DO NOT), and the service was awesome. We were able to have a very fulfilling meal while having fun and doing saki bombs before heading off to get ready for dinner and Tiesto. What a great little spot, smack dab in the middle of the Wynn casino floor!
4	I love Encore and have stayed there my last 4 times in Vegas. Wasuzu is my regular stop for lunch or afternoon snack. Their menu is varied and I've yet to try most items as I have my favorites, Sashimi, Seaweed Salad are both really great! I reccomend you ask for a side of Chili Sauce to add a little extra flavor to their noodle dishes. Service and ambiance is great and as other reviews mentions, the 1.5 million dollar crystal dragon is very cool!
2	We went here based on the Food Network "Best Thing I Ever Ate". We even ordered the drunken noodles based on this show.The verdict. I think Wazuzu must have paid the Food Network for this advertising! PF Changs would have been a much better choice!  Cheaper, too.The drunken noodles are no where close to the best thing we ever ate. Bland. No explosion of taste. Boring! Below average taste at best. The rest of the meal was just general dishes you can get at any Chinese restaurant with nothing spectacular. We probably won't go back, and with all the other options in Vegas there's no reason to do so.
3	I came here for a late afternoon early dinner as I was in the Wynn area and both Giada and a few friends had raved about the drunken noodles here.  The beginning of the dining experience started off quite nicely. They take your name at the front, so that the waiters can refer to you by name.  I ordered the drunken noodles with beef, which was delivered piping hot and quick.  While not life-changing, the noodles were quite tasty. Would've preferred a bit greater proportion of noodle to beef. It's a bit heavy if it's your sole entree, but probably great for sharing.  The loss of stars comes from the service after my food arrived. I was asked once about the status of my meal, and no acknowledgment was to be found until I waved down somebody to get my check and leftovers wrapped up. I'm pretty sure my original server's shift was over as he disappeared into thin air.  I waited probably 10 minutes for the check to arrive.  The lady apologized for the wait, but there were probably 5 other tables in the entire restaurant.  I waited a bit for the receipt to return as well.  Bummer ending to a highly anticipated meal.
2	The service and decor were great, I would give more stars if only the food were good. The much acclaimed drunken noodles was a hoisin based chow fun wok dish (beef in our case), which was pretty good, I liked the fresh grape tomato and other veggies with the noodles - and the noodles themselves were thin and separated, and actually much better than many I've had previously, but the sauce was nothing special - heavy on the hoisin and salt and light on unique flavor.  If you have lived in SF you have likely tasted better for 1/3 the price.  The panang curry was neither yummy nor authentic and the tom ka gai was bland, ...really really bland by SF standards (compared to nearly any SF mission district Thai spot). Sliced Serrano chiles should not define the flavor of my favorite style of soup.  The galanga/lemongrass flavors were muted or missing and straw mushroom was almost the only solid thing in this all-white soup that really shouldn't be all-white when made right.  The few mini bites of chicken I dredged up from the bottom was downright plain.  We finished the soup, and when the noodles and curry came we had a few bites of each and felt full, but unimpressed.  Took it to go, and did have some of the cold noodles later when hunger returned, but dumped the curry.  Forgot to diss the curry properly.  It had a small amount of curry paste, more like a pink rendang curry, not a deep full red panang style at all.  It was overly thickened with corn starch, so it tasted mostly of canned coconut milk and bland boiled chicken.  We will try a different joint in the Encore next time, maby Botero?
4	While staying at the Wynn, I opted to "take out" at Wazuzu and bring dinner back to my room. I've never done this before but when I asked, they were more than accomodating - much much better choice than room service.I opted to go with a bit of "dim sum" for myself. I went with the pan fried pork dumplings, spicy tuna roll and shu mai (shrimp and pork dumplings steamed). All were delicious, served with enough sauce, utensils and napkins. Very delicious and flavorful.  The restaurant was quite busy when I was waiting for my order so I would say whether eating in or taking out, go for Wazuzu if you want a great Asian meal at Encore (or Wynn which is attached via a corridor).
5	So.good. I love Wynn and encore restaurants because they all have vegan menus! I went with two other girls and we all loved it! We got a carafe of the sale and it was delish! Lychee in each glass.we started with the gardein shu Mai and could have eaten that all nite and been very happy. I got the sweet and sour gardein and it was fantastic- the sauce was incredible and there was so much! I also got The shiitake nagi and was a little bummed... Not enough eel sauce!
5	Likes: Panang curry with roti, hamachi, tuna roll with rice crackers, soft beef cubes, yummy drunken noodles, refreshing watermelon juice, sweet lychee blueberry cooler, AMAZING service, located inside the beautiful Encore hotel near the beach club, awesome 27 foot long dragon made of 1.5 million Swarovski crystals wired together (yes, wired in, so don't even think about it ;))Dislikes: Everything is delicious.  Prepare to gain some weight.
4	This isn't a super big place, but it was hella good for Vegas. I mean, no matter how awesome the place looks, usually Vegas food suffers from the Disneyland effect. Serving so many people in a stream can cause attention to detail to suffer, but honestly everything we ordered was great here.I haven't heard much about this place... and we wandered in here because we were staying at The Wynn and had on cute shoes that didn't really want to walk around much more.. but i am glad we did...  yummy noodles.. really good cocktails tooTRY THE DRUNKEN NOODLES
4	While staying at the Encore my boyfriend and I ate here for lunch.  It was nice to get in before it got crowded.  The food was delicious and fresh and the service was excellent.  Our server even offered to take our picture after seeing my camera on the table.
5	One word: DELICIOUS!Dishes you should try: DRUNKEN NOODLES FOR SURE!!!! Also, the Orange Chicken is a close second. The Mongolian beef is also great!One of the highlights of staying at Encore was dining at Wazuzu every night of my vacation in Vegas! I'm usually the type that likes to try new restaurants, but the food was so good that I happily settled into routine. It's got a great ambiance, but it's also convenient and allows take out so you can just order food from your room, pick it up right next to the guest elevators where the restaurant is located, and eat it in your room while getting ready/ pre-gaming for a fun night out in Vegas.
2	I was not impressed with this restaurant. The food was barely average and the prices are ridiculous. We had the spicy tuna roll, Drunken Noodles and the Chicken Lo Mein. Both the Drunken Noodles and Lo Mein were too salty and did not have enough chicken, peppers, onions, etc in them. They really skimped on everything except the noodles. The spicy tuna roll was decent but not great. Since it is in the Encore, the decor was the best part of eating here.
4	Delicious dinner!! Loved the spicy tuna. Can't wait to go back!
5	What a gem.  Great service, great atmosphere and great food and drink selection.  You will find a nice selection of vegan options here such as drunken noodles, sushi and pad thai.  In addition, you will also find a vegan desert other then sorbet (chocolate brownie sundae).  WOOO!In addition to great food, and service they exceptional drinks.  Such as yuzu lemonade, with acai vodka, if this isn't good enough try the coconut sake with thai basil and lemongrass.  Simply Divine!Great for picky and not picky eaters.  Exceptional service.  WIlll come back for more!
5	Drunken noodles and ice kachang dessert is to die for. Exceptional service.
4	Wow awesome food, really spicy! It's cool that they ask you how spicy from 1 to 5 so you know what to expect (of course I had to prove myself and request a 4 - didn't have the guts for 5). Great service, nice decor, and okay prices considering Wynn lists it as "contemporary dining".
4	A relatively decent option in the Wynn, though it is interesting to note just how many Asian-oriented restaurants there are here now, with some overlap in terms of dishes.Service was fine, though not particularly attentive.  The food was of decent quality, but much of it not all that different than you'd get in a decent noodle place in LA or SF for about 1/6 the price.Drunken Noodles appeared to be some form of the Thai Pad See Ew, and had decent flavor.  Nasi Goreng was surprisingly light; we ordered it "spicy" as possible, which served to prove they are on some sort of western spiciness calibration.  It was somewhat spicy, but not particularly so.  Chicken Lo Mein was predictable, though slightly more greasy than we appreciated.Three vegetarian dim sum - Jade Dumpling, Palm Pocket, and White Lotus came in a nice steamer basket stack - they all had the same overly sticky wrapper in different forms with different fillings and together cost more than the entire dim sum meal for four we had at Ping Pang Pong.  Taste was good, but not particularly distinctive between the three forms.Dessert of Ice Kachang was large but disappointingly icy.  I know it's a shaved ice dessert, but the texture left a lot to be desired.Overall - not a bad choice if you're stuck in the Wynn and resigned to paying the price, but certainly not the pinnacle of Asian cuisine.
4	Surprisingly good asian food - definitely exceeded my expectations from the typical asian-themed restaurants peppered around the strip.  Menu straddles a number of cultures from Japanese to Chinese to Thai so there's something for everyone.  As in most Encore locales, the food is pricey but that comes with the territory.  Service was fine.Nasi Goreng was great as was the barbecue beef plate.
4	Likes:1. Delicious Asian fusion food.2. Excellent service3. Beautiful decor, and great atmosphere.Dislikes:1. Overpriced food. They also charged us $16 for two teas.Food I recommend:1. Tom yum noodle soup2. Crunch roll2. Wazuzu rollOverall, it was a good experience. I would dine here if I visit Vegas again.
5	Good service,good food.They're har gow(Dim Sum) very delicious.Beef salad very good,too.
5	This is my favorite casual dining restaurants on the strip. It is a beautiful restaurant with vibrant red and gold colors with a handmade Swarovski crystal dragon that stretches from one side of the restaurant to the other. The food and sushi are very very fresh! My husband and I eat here several times a week and are never disappointed with the food or the customer service. Our waitress Naterra is a sweetheart and is always certain that we are taken care of. If you love Dim Sum, or if you are new to dim sum, please try the JADE Dumpling... Ahhhhh healthy and SO delicious! I also always love the Tom Kha Gai soup and the Chinese Chicken Salad is addicting. Not a bad place for "people watching" if you sit beside the banister. Order a few Encore cocktails and chill.....
4	We just went to the Wynn and ate dinner there last night.   Really a great place !  We were overstuffed from the Buffet and wanted something lighter and Asian.  This was perfect and the portions were large !  Okay... so we got stuffed again people...hey its Vegas !   We had the Drunken Noodles (Chicken)... it was right on yummy.   And, we got the Chinese Chicken Salad -- that was also very good.  Overall a great place and good pricing for Vegas food at a great great hotel.
2	It's a cute place with a gigantic cool dragon in the background.  The tables are rather close to each other, but the booths looked comfy.  They serve Asian food of all sorts... Thai, Chinese, Korean, Japanese... maybe they should've focused on one or two types of cuisine at most and done a better job with those.We started off with sushi and got the Crunchy Roll and Philadelphia Roll.  The Crunch Roll was not impressive at all for a $20 roll.  It was 6 pieces of your basic shrimp tempura, cucumber and avocado.  They made it unique by using japanese rice crackers as the crunch but they should've stuck with normal tempura crunchies because it just wasn't a crunchy roll.  They should call it something else.  The Philly Roll was average... a little too much philly cheese though.After feeling "eh" about the sushi, we decided to try the Pineapple Fried Rice.  There was a lot of flavor going on with the chinese sausage and spices, it was like a party in my mouth.. not necessarily a good thing.  It did have juicy large shrimp though.Service was on the slow side even though it was late at night.  They also brought out the wrong dish at first without any apology.  Overall, not what I was expecting from a restaurant at the Encore.
5	Pot Stickers and Duck Pad Thai FTW!!
3	Good food, exceptional service.Great atmosphere and decor; the silver dragon sculpture on the wall is splendid. I would say it's a semi-luxury restaurant because it's connected to the casino and doesn't have the privacy of a real high-end restaurant. Still, the decor and food is nothing to look down upon. The pad thai tasted very clean and simple without too much spice to distract the taste. The Wazuzu roll was also good. My only disappointment with Wazuzu was my expectation for the food was very high. You can find a similar pad thai dish around town and you can buy an AYCE for the price of one Wazuzu roll, which was good but not exceptional. The food is a safe bet.
3	Would give 3.5 stars.Cool atmosphere-very pretty inside with the crystal dragon hanging above you. We were a party of 8 and sat at this killer table for a late lunch. It was a huggeeeee round couch with a lazy susan in the middle. Very cool.Excellent service.Food was good, not great. My favs were the pad thai and the sweet/sour crispy chicken. The sushi roll we ordered was very good too, but I can't remember the name of it. I liked the food because it wasn't super heavy like a lot of Chinese food is. I ate a ton and was still able to feel light, and more importantly, fit into my tight, Vegas dress 4 hours later.
2	Dinner was fine but people doing shots at a nearby table was a real pain and no action was taken by the management and you could tell it was distrubing everyone in the place.
5	This was my girlfriend's first trip to Vegas, so we did extensive research into everything - hotels, restaurants, nightclubs, etc - and this was one of the two restaurants we chose (our other nights were going to be buffet nights).  We chose Wazuzu because other reviewers compared their Asian restaurants to Wazuzu.  Additionally, our evening was going to start at XS in Wynn, so we wanted to find a restaurant in the vicinity.Wazuzu did not disappoint.  My girlfriend got Panang Curry and I got Nasi Goreng (look up the menu for the descriptions).  What we got doesn't matter as much as the fact that is was delicious.  Food was top quality and while its difficult for me to praise Asian food that isn't from a NY Chinese restaurant, I have to give this credit, it was superb.The atmosphere is also beautiful.  The Wynn in general is a gorgeous resort, and this restaurant follows right along.  From the giant crystal dragon to the tables and decorations - you really feel like you're in for a classy treat.Service was fantastic, and our waitress even followed us around the restaurant to help take our picture in a better location (under the crystal dragon).  I'd post the pics, but then Yelp would have the rights to them.Anyway, if you want really good Asian food in a classy restaurant that might be a bit pricey but won't break your wallet, head to Wazuzu. Piece of advice though - they don't take reservations.  We were told they tend to go on longer waits (30 mins+) on the weekends around 8:30.  We got there at around 8:00-8:15 and got sat right away.
5	What else do you expect from a restaurant inside a Wynn property? Nothing less than five stars. My mom, brother, and I have been going here ever since they've opened Encore. The staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable and their food is delicious. We always order the pineapple friend rice, the three meat platter, and the ice cachang. This time I ordered the filet mignon. I thought it was going to be the size of a single medallion, but I was completely wrong. It was a large dish worth sharing. The meat was so tender and juicy and the sauce complimented it well. I can't wait to go back again. I personally like this better than Red 8 which is located in the Wynn.
4	If you like insanely overpriced sushi, you will love this place. I mean the sushi is AMAZING, so if money isn't a big deal I say it's worth the throw down. Especially if you win big at the tables. Which I never do in any large or small way at the Wynn/;Encore. Steve Wynn has it rigged I swear.I digress.Brown rice option for the health conscious like myself. Salmon melted in my mouth. Some of the sauces have soy in them (beware to the gluten-free aficionados like my sister). And the spicy sauces are actually spicy (for those with a sensitive palate like my mother).And be specific - "sauce on the side" apparently means "the bottom of the plate is okay". Fine by me, the gluten-soy-spicy food lover at the table. More sushi goodness I don't need to worry about sharing. Lovely ambiance in the lobby of the Wynn. Of course everything Steve Wynn touches turns to elegant and enjoyable. Great drink menu and good wine list (yes I drink red wine with literally everything, even fish. I've never been one to follow the rules). Impressive dinner, we really enjoyed ourselves, but glad my dad was footing the bill.
4	We started with cucumber seaweed salad to cleanse the palate. It was mostly cucumber and there was plenty of it. Nice sunumono style dressing. If you want seaweed, don't get this- there is a separate seaweed salad. Next, for our shared main dishes we had  miso glazed black cod, Nasi goreng, and XO green beans. Cod was delicious! I wanted to lick the sauce off the serving plate but did not given my wife's look when i suggested doing so. Green beans were crisp and fresh with just that right snap and the XO sauce was salty and savory as it should be. We ordered the Nasi at heat level 3.5 which was perfect for us but not super hot. If you like spicy, turn it up to 4 or 5 for more kick. Big prawns, little shrimps, and tasty bits of Indo sausage made this dish a winner. We might have liked a little sambal olek to go with, but it was tasty without. And yes, there is a really cool, giant glass dragon on the wall, so there's that. All in all, good portions, relatively fair prices, and tasty grinds.
2	Wazuzu isn't all that great but it is better than Red 8.  Service is a little better.  Sushi to be overpriced should be super fresh and a wow that was tasty!  May sure you make reservation or you'll be waiting forever here.  My friends wanted to go early, like 2 hours before our reservation time and they had to wait close to our reservation time. I would rather do Nobu, Yellowtail, or Blue Ribbon.
2	Given it's environs in Encore, I would have expected a little more flair from Wazuzu's Asian food offerings, but instead the restaurant primarily featured basic dishes that all tasted good but definitely not great.  With plenty of other offerings along The Strip, dining at Wazuzu should be more a matter of geography (i.e., you're hungry and staying at Encore) than a journey for particularly tasty cuisine.The Miso Soup was pretty good--chock full of mushrooms, greens, and tofu.  The Cha Siu Bao had a decent filling, but I suspect may have been sitting around a little too long.  The Drunken Noodles also tasted okay but didn't really stand out in any way.  I would recommend it as a plate to be shared (perhaps with one of the specialty dishes) as opposed to enjoyed on its own.  Kudos, however, to the server for nailing my desired spice level after asking for what I was looking for on a scale of 1 to 5.Overall, Wazuzu did not seem like anything special but adequately fills the obligatory space in the design of a casino resort.  I did consider it a plus to be able to look out on the Encore gaming floor from a slightly elevated standpoint while dining.
5	If you are ever in Vegas you MUST try this place. They have coconut mojitos that are to die for! Their sushi tastes so fresh every time. It is more of a simple styled sushi restaurant but it is by far one of my favorites for lunch or afternoon pick-me-up. This place will not disappoint and the wait staff is incredibly friendly.
1	i usually do not eat japanese food in vegas just because you could basically find good basically anywhere in california. But my friend insisted we eat here because sushi should be pretty quick but man were we wrong. We waited well over 45 minutes to get one sushi roll, salmon sashimi rice and sashimi. How long does it take to make food that require no cooking besides the rice? The sushi came out and was smaller than a average vietnamese spring roll and my god it tasted horrible. First off this place is supposed to be a high end "asian restaurant". The sushi was worse than those pre made plate you could buy at safeway or costco. The service was not all that great as well. This place has to be hands down one of the worst places to eat sushi that i have tried within the last ten plus years. Very disappointed in the overall experience. To top that off we had to pay basically 100 bucks for a crappy tasting roll and a few pieces of sashimi. I would advice anyone who loves sushi not do dine here. Long waits and crappy food complemented with crappy service. They need to focus less on decor and invest more money on the kitchen staff or new head chef.
1	Wazuzu you really disappointed us. Me and the husband went to Wazuzu around 11pm on Saturday night for a pre-anniversary dinner celebration. We were staying at the Encore,starving, and love any Asian food, so it seemed like a good choice considering their varied menu. We ordered a couple sushi rolls - they were tiny and terrible {Yellowtail scallion and some sort of Tuna- Crunch hybrid). We also ordered the Pineapple Fried Rice - this was not fresh. This was rice that was left over that they re-fried with leftover sausage, dried shrimp and pineapple. I did not taste any roast duck!! Not enough spices, not enough flavor, and so greasy. Gross greasy. And this dinner was so flippin' expensive! It was more than $100 - we both left there feeling used. The service was pretty bad and just added to the bad experience. Never again Wazuzu, never again.
1	While it was Okay, the problems were bad service, the Panang Chicken curry was good, but we paid $5 for a small cup of rice which was barely full, and not enough for even 1/3rd of the Panang chicken.  They wanted us to pay another $5 for more rice, which is ridiculous--they should at least give enough rice to match the entree you buy, if they don't want to refill a side-dish, then at least make the initial helping not the meagre amount they gave out.  Additionally, the pot stickers were likely pre-made, nuked in a microwave and then lightly fried in a pan.  Really not good pot stickers.   You will have better asian food at Panda Express, sorry.  For the atmosphere and money, we were expecting a LOT more than what we got, and we left feeling used.
3	Came here for dinner on the first night of my friend's bachelorette bash at the Wynn. Beautiful  decor and space - our party was seated right under the crystal dragon head.The service was quick and very friendly which i noticed a lot throughout everywhere in Vegas - coming from nyc, you're not used it - my fellow new yorkers know what i mean lol Anyway on to the food - i got the pad thai which was ok - the portion was very big and they didn't scrimp on the shrimp - could easily feed 2 if you ordered an appetizer or side sushi. The prices were expensive as with anywhere in resort casinos - for the convenience and portion though - it wasn't too bad. For the food itself - i think we've all had better.
5	Favorite sushi place in NV!  Price is reasonable and food is incredible!  I will eat there every time I go to Las Vegas.
4	This is a solid "Asian fusion" restaurant with many styles of foods. Lots of Chinese and sushi choices. Great Saki selection! We had the salt and pepper shrimp which was a big favorite. Nice sushi platter as well!
3	To me, a slight step above your typical Chinese restaurant, due largely in part to the upscale location and surroundings.   (To me, this could be comparable to Fin in Mirage)There are some interesting selections on the menu - including a very large vegetarian and even vegan selection.  All of the ingredients were very fresh and prepared well.  Service was extremely slow - almost like they went to catch the fish slow.  And woah- better just resign yourself to a pricy meal in advance.
5	What restaurant at the Wynn/Encore isn't great?  The service to a "t" as always.  Even the pomegranate iced tea had exactly 4 blueberries as a garnish - how delightful!  My sister ordered the cream cheese/salmon roll for the table - very, very fresh.  We decided to share - she ordered the ad the  and I ordered the drunken noodles w/chicken.  Very, very yummy - a little bit sweet and spicy.  A must try.  We enjoyed watching the large party seated right below the beautiful Swarski crystal dragon, moving the large lazy susan.What a pleasant and fun lunch.  I told the manager I would eat at Wazuzu if I were staying at the Wynn - it's that yummy and Asian is one of my favs!  It's worth a try!
2	I have read through many of the reviews here and they have confirmed my findings.  I  was staying at the Wynn with my girlfriend and we decided to give this place a shot.  Let me start by saying that if you come from a town that has real high end sushi places, you will find this place to be mediocre.  The environment is clean, nice and friendly.  The service was slow for us.  The food was OK, not great though. The quality of food did not justify the price.  We had 3 rolls, 1 soup and 1 salad, 1 beer and 1 cocktail and the bill was $110. I'm used to paying about half that for places just as nice in Los Angeles, or the same price for a much higher end sushi restaurant.   I know its in a casino resort, but I still expect a bit more.  I would have given it 3 stars but both my girlfriend and I got sick from the food.
1	Absolutely rubbish. Way overpriced for something that is worse than what you can get on a street. I came here while we were staying at the wynn and we ordered 2 dishes even though we were super hungry though we would rather starve than eating here. The panang curry should have been named the super disgusting union curry which bombarded with oil. The chicken drunken noodles were not even worth 5 dollars. Save money. The only reason that I am giving it one star is because of the chandelier. NEVER EAT HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Food is good, service is horrible. Came from Encore beach club, wearing a 100dollar bathing suit with a dress cover we bought from the hotel and they turned us away because of their "strict dress code" of no beach wear. We went to our room, changed and came back only to see tons of people in their restaurant dressed how we originally were....
4	The food was really good and it would be five stars if not for service that started out great but then fizzled out.  If you love sushi it's worth stopping.
5	Fabulous restaurant, from the food to the service and the atmosphere...all top notch!! Loved the decor which was classy and elegant, with my favorite being the huge Swarovski crystal dragon on the wall :) Service was excellent, attentive and super super accommodating for food allergies for my mom. We ordered an item which had bread in it, the waiter said it had egg which my mom is allergic too, we said no problem just bring it. Instead the waiter had the chef make the bread without egg!!! My mom was so happy, now that is what you call service!Now on the food! For appetizer we had the Roti Panang and jade dumplings which were amazing. The roti panang is probably some of the best I have had! Loved it!!! I still dream about it on some days....it was that good :) For entrees we had the drunken noodles, crispy tofu and chicken panang curry. Yes the panang curry was so good we ordered it again!!! All of the food was delicious including the cocktails. This was by far my favorite meal in Vegas. If you're in Vegas and want Asian food or just a nice classy dinner out in Vegas that won't break the bank come here!! You won't regret it!! Mmmmmmm Panang.....
4	Reasonably priced pan-Asian food in the middle of the elitist Encore. If you sit by the rail, you get a free show watching all the nouveau-riche poseurs and douchebags strolling past.The food is really good -- I had veggie drunken noodles, some kind of naan appetizer, and kimchi. All were excellent, and reasonably priced for being at the Encore.I'd probably go here again!
4	Wynn gets credit for having among the better restaurants of all the casinos on the strip (especially Asian-style).  Wazuzu is one of these restaurants.Here's what we ordered:1. Rotti with curry: the 5 thin pieces of roti tasted good.  Curry had nice balance as well.  However, the best rotti in the Vegas vicinity is still hands down "Island Malaysian" in Chinatown (Spring Street).2. Mongolian beef: delicious.  Beef was perfectly tender and sauce was perfect.3. CA. Vegetarian fried rice: too much oil!! The cook needs to use a little more rice/veggies to balance out the dripping oil.  Flavor was fine though.4. $9 for 4 pieces of shumei (which was delicious and fresh tasting, by the way).  However, we only ordered it because one of the VIP's in our party loved them.Technically speaking, the food was "mostly" cooked well (chopping/prep, cooking temperature, wok technique, quantity of sauces & ingredients, etc.). The sous chef and line chefs must have been well trained.Extra star for the decor--beautiful crystal dragon.  Great hostesses in the front too, really sweet!
3	It was okay in general. Very asian. I love the red dragon roll. i kinda think the drunken noodle too spicy, though the beef inside it was good. Nasi goreng is more malaysian style. It has lap chong in it (pork sausage) sliced thinly. it was okay. Service was okay.
5	We are delighted and extremely satisfied every time we go to wazuzu. From the spicy tom ka soup to the drunken noodles and the refreshing lemony seaweed salad....mmmm. Not to mention the shave ice dessert served with lychee and a mango pineapple mixture. To die for.
5	We had Andy as our waiter and he was great! Super helpful with my vegan options, made our night super fun and special. All the staff was very nice and food was just awesome. VEGAN options were fantastic! Drunken noodles was superb, vegan brownie sundae just lovely. Thanks Wazuzu and Steve Wynn for being vegan friendly!
5	I love everything about this restaurant. It's classy but still semi casual. The decor is soo lavish. Deep red paint, white leather chairs and a Huge Swarovski crystal dragon!! It's a head turning restaurant. Food is delicious!! Drunken noodles with beef are my all time favorite. The seafood fried rice was perfectly seasoned and crispy.  Huge pieces of scallops!! I love Wazuzu
4	Must try the brussel sprouts! They were the best I've ever had. The rest of the food was good, but forgettable.
3	This place has good food I think...I don't remember much.I only know how much I paid...the next day using the Bank of America app...Come here if you won a lot from gambling..otherwise stick with Earl's Sandwiches.
4	The food here was delicious. I had the crispy brussel sprouts  and the vegan vegetable drunkin noodles. They also have a gardein option for the vegans out there. Portion size was large. The vegetables were fresh and plentiful.  Fours stars because it is a bit too expensive.
3	Pros:The ambiance and decorations are really nice and classy.The toro roll was delicious. Melted in your mouth like butter. Good selection of alcoholic beverages.Cons:The food was overall only okay:-The beef chow fun noodles and egg soup noodles were okay, but not life changing.-The sake roll gave me an upset stomach. There was way too much going on in that roll. There were onions on top that were marinated in what tasted like gochujang (korean spicy sauce).-The food took a while to get out.And of course the price. You know you're gonna spend A LOT because it's in the Wynn/Encore, but it still hurts when you're paying $160 for lunch, knowing the same meal would have cost $60 elsewhere.
5	drunken noodles !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  their drinks are yummy too!
5	Wazuzu is the best Asian I've found on or off the strip. Love the atmosphere, but the food is the highlight. If you haven't had the drunken noodles from here yet you're basically wrong.
5	As always, so delicious, amazing service, and fabulous drinks!  My favorite cocktail on the planet is served here- Thai Silk.  It's coconut lemongrass sake, Canton ginger liqueur, lemon and lime juice, muddles with fresh basil.  I make it at home, and friends have lovingly named it "vacation."
1	The food here is horrible. I don't even know how they serve it to customers. I ordered the pineapple fried rice and it was just so terribly dry and bland I swear my dog wouldn't even touch it.  Take my word for it, skip Wazuzu if you're ever at Wynn/Encore in Vegas.. However if you're craving Asian cuisine definitely try out Red 8 instead.
4	Stomach loved it, wallet hated it!Wazuzu (much like the rest of Wynn/Encore) has a very elegant Far East decor.  The beautiful Swarovski crystal dragon adoring the back wall sets quite the ambiance.I had the Baked King Crab Roll and the Surf and Turf Roll, both excellent choices, with the sorbets for desert. My only regret was the price, but what do you expect from Wynn?
4	I'm Vegas for the Pizza show and staying a the Encore.  I had just came in from the airport and I was starving so I had checked in and headed to the room and then I saw the Wazuzu Thai restaurant and thought I would get a bite to eat.The room is very nice and the service was also exceptional. I had the drunken Noodles with chicken.  This noodle dish is one of my favorite and I try to eat every where I go, I just had to try here in Las Vegas.The dish was good the noodle weren't over cooked and a had a fair amount of chicken.  But not great. Maybe because I'm in Vegas or maybe it was because I was at the Encore, but not as good as I thought it would be or as a lot of the Thai restaurant in Detroit.  If your in the Dearborn area then you must try Bangkok 96!  What a wonderful wonderful place.  The owner Genevieve and her family ( daughter ) have made this place one of the best Thai in the state.  A 5 out 5 stars.Some time the best places are in your own back yard.
4	Wazuzu is the Asian restaurant located inside the Wynn.  My parents come to Vegas semi frequently and love this place.  Decor is beautiful and I was mesmerized by the crystal dragon that ran along the entire back wall.  Service is very good, food was delicious and typical of casino restaurants, pricing is steep.We ordered the Pineapple Fried Rice, Cantonese Barbecue, Thai Beef Salad and Orange Flavored Beef.  All of the dishes were good and portion size was decent.  The pineapple fried rice came with large shrimp, sliced Chinese sausage and pineapple; very flavorful.  The Thai Beef salad was so good ... very spicy due to the peppers in it and my sister ordered a 3 on the 5 hot scale ... perfect!  The Orange Flavored Beef had good cuts of beef and was crispy, not greasy.  The Cantonese Barbecue had melt in your mouth roast pork, ribs and duck.  We asked for Hoisin sauce on the side to boost the flavor.Dessert was a Korean shaved ice dish (pat bingsu) that was outstanding.  My sister, who is pretty finicky, declared this her favorite Asian restaurant in Vegas ... high compliments indeed.
4	We've eaten at Wazuzu roughly a dozen times so I think this review will be very fair. We've been here so many times only because of convenience, and the variety they offer on their menu, not because it's great, delicious, can't wait to have more, etc.. nothing like that. Solely for convenience purposes. "Wazuzu at Encore offers Pan-Asian flavors inspired by Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Singaporean and Thai cuisine." Especially convenient when one is craving say.. Chinese, and the other Thai or even Japanese.Each time the food has been very consistent over the years, even down to plating and garnishing.I couldn't say the same about the service. It always seemed barely there.. as though non of the servers really want to be there. It takes a while for them to drop off and top off the water, a while longer to take your order, and once the food is delivered, don't bother for any service, if you care for some, be prepared to wave someone down. They are quickest when it comes time for you to pay, each and every single time. That's suddenly when they appear, fake smile, and actually give you more water! (We normally just order a large bottle of Figi or Pellegrino along with our drinks so if and when we need water we just pour it ourselves.)What we've ordered here: (most roughly a dozen times...we normally order the same stuff, and tack on something new to try each time)Live Lobster $88Ginger scallion, garlic crusted or Singapore curry (We normally alternate between the ginger scallion and the garlic crusted)Sashimi Platter (Chefs Choice) $80Cantonese Sea Bass $38Choice of crispy panko crusted, steamed ginger scallionor traditional soy bean crusted (We typically opt for the healthier alternative...steamed with ginger & scallions. It's so simply and light, so can't go wrong if you plan to order many dishes)Wok Tossed XO Filet Mignon $38Asparagus, mushroomsBaked Miso Black Cod $25Sweet miso glaze, gai lan This dish was very pleasant. (Simple and light)XO String Beans $18Gai Lan $16Steamed or wok tossed with garlic sauceBaby Bok Choy $16Steamed or wok tossed with garlic sauceChoy Sum $16Steamed or wok tossed with garlic sauce(We always order at least one of the four listed green vegetables listed right above. They seem to always run out so we end up having to opt for another on the list, but have gotten all of them at one point or another. Both steamed or wok tossed are simple and good, but for a more "clean" taste we go for steamed.)-Combination Cantonese-Style Fried Rice $25-Korean Galbi Short Ribs $25Soy, sesame, brown sugar-marinated beef short ribsLobster Cut Roll $25-Wazuzu Pineapple Fried Rice $23Thai Jasmine rice, roast duck, Chinese sausage, shrimp, pineapple-Pad Thai Kon Kaen $23Rice stick noodles, tamarind, shrimp, eggs, bean sprouts, peanuts-Beef Chow Fun $23Chinese broccoli, bean sprouts, onions-Thai Beef Salad $18Lemongrass steak, seasonal greens, chili mint dressing-Spider Cut Roll $16(Softshell Crab)-Sweet Shrimp Sushi $16 (2pcs.)-Spicy Tuna Cut Roll $14-Tom Yum Goong Soup $14Hot, sour and spicy prawns, mushrooms-Philadelphia Cut Roll $12-Mochi Ice Cream Duo $12Red bean, green tea-Fiji (Large Bottle) $8.50-San Pellegrino (Large Bottle) $8.50-Blue Lychee Cooler $8Muddled blueberries and exotic lemonade mix (non alcoholic)-Jasmine Rice & Brown Rice $5 (each individual bowl)-Thai Iced Tea $5Fun Fact: "Wazuzu's drunken noodles were featured on Food Network's "Best Thing I Ever Ate".
4	Caveat: I wasn't paying for this meal....but DAMN was it amazing. I was in town for a convention and got taken out to dinner by a big group of guys. I sat in the middle, under the head of that insane glass dragon...and yes, I got a picture of all them bowing down to me. Seemed appropriate...Oh, the food, right.It was REALLY good. I'd always been a little hesitant to have sushi in Vegas, since I live in LA and can get very fresh, very good sushi for very good prices whenever I want. They head of the party ordered pretty much all the rolls and sashimi on the menu (including some drunken noodles that were spectacular), so I didn't have to worry I was picking the wrong thing of the pricey menu.Will I go back? If someone else is paying again!!
3	First learned of drunken noodles from a Cooking Channel show, & w/ further research, that from Wazuzu seems a must-try.  However, being 10 hours away, my first taste had to come from other nearby places and even tried making my own. Then I had Wazuzu's the other day, and I must say it was good, but it was just as good as mine at home.  This isn't taking anything away from Wazuzu. Heck, it's the closest if not the only good pad kee mao on the strip.  If anything, I'll take it as a benchmark, and dammit, nailed it.The place itself is fine, right by the casino.  Customer service was good.  Misis had beef curry, and KiT had tonkotsu ramen.  Both were fine considering a pretty sophisticated Asian restaurant, just fine if you REALLY must have ramen.  As for the Thai items, I say if you're in town, you have yet to have your first ever drunken noodle, and you have to have one then and there, then why not?  Expect prices to be just as up there as a cup of coffee at the Bellagio.  Otherwise, try some of your local Thai eats and have them hold the fillers except for basil, garlic, onions, tomatoes, the heat, the sauces, and the egg.  Oh, and if they offer extra-wide noodles, say "yes, please."
3	We had lunch at the Wazuzu while I stayed at encore.  The restaurant is located in the encore near society cafe. The place is upscale and has awesome red decor with a big crystal dragon inside. The sushi was meh. We ordered the crunch roll and it taste like a wack Cali roll with rice crispier around it. We also ordered the smoked salmon sushi which was nothing awesome but it was fresh enough to pass my is bit fresh test. We got the pineapple chicken fried rice which came with shrimp and pork as well and it was the bomb diggity. The service was ok and they kept my water flowing.I did not have high hopes because there's not a lot of good sushi spots in casinos plus I'm from southern Cali I just assumed no way Vegas could keep up
4	Wazuzu was delicious! We ordered the Roti Panang as a starter. I was a little hesitant at first since I have never had curry. It was amazing! We ordered it with a heat level of 3 and it was perfect! I have to say that I am officially addicted and must find a place back home where I can get it.There were 3 of us dining for lunch. We each ordered the Drunken Noodles. Two with beef and one with shrimp. Again, I was not disappointed. It hit the spot. No one in our party had eaten at Wazuzu so we didn't know what to expect. The Drunken Noodles could feed two people depending on how hungry they are. Also, the server gave us an option on the heat level ranging from 1 to 5. We all ordered a level 3. I can handle spicy food but this was just a little too spicy for my liking. It was still yummy and I ate it.I craved the panang and drunken noodles my whole trip! In fact, after laying by the pool for a few hours, I ordered some to take back to my room for lunch! I got smart and ordered the panang at a level 2.5-3 and the drunken noodles at 2. Both were perfect!Again, this was my first time trying either dish but I fell in love. I also liked the convenience of being on the property. However, the pricing is a bit on the expensive side. After coming to Vegas for several visits, I know that it is not cheap. I did expect to pay a little bit more as the Encore is one of the higher end hotels on the Strip. Don't expect to come here for a cheap and quick meal.I will say, I already plan to make this a must have during any future trips to Vegas.
4	I must admit. They're food and cocktails are pretty good! Although, the service here needs a little tlc.I had their famous drunken noodles and thai beef salad.Their DRUNKEN NOODLES were delish! That perfect texture too their noodles (not too moist and not too dry or chewy). We all know the drunken noodles is all about the noodles. THAT BEEF SALAD was definitely a personal favorite out of the usual salads I have. It has that nice, perfect beef slice to it. Very tender and juicy. This I ordered a level 2 in. While usually spice rating range from 1 to 10. I assumed that since theirs is a 1 to 5 it's double the spice. So I ordered a 2 which was perfect (just don't chew the jalapeno unless you're into that).I also ordered this really good cocktail as well which was a coconut base. It had a really good light coconut taste, but with this spicy kick to it. It was pretty good. If you've been to the Lucky Rice Market Festival at the Cosmo it is a lot like that Thai Curry cocktail, but with a coconut base rather than a curry base. Service was a little bit off. They kept confusing orders with a bunch of other people's tables, and they also got our checks wrong too. They didn't add our discount, and then forgot to charge us our drinks, which after we had divided, had to redivide again.
3	Food was good, handmade sushi rolls and jade dumplings were great - drunken noodles were good.   Service however needs some definite improvement.
4	During our stay at Wynn last week, three of us came here for the first time for lunch.  We usually only eat at the Wynn restaurants on our annual visits but I particularly wanted to try the infamous drunken noodles and dine with the crystal dragon on my birthday.We ordered the Drunken Noodles with chicken which was great and did not disappoint.  The noodles were fresh and the amount of chicken in the dish was generous.  However, my favourite dish was the Crispy Orange Beef...just delicious!   We also ordered Buddha's Feast which was a good vegetable medley in light garlic sauce.  The portion size was very good for all three dishes.Overall, we really enjoyed our meal in this beautiful casual restaurant.  Service was fine and I loved dining beneath the stunning crystal dragon.  We will definitely return next year to Wazuzu during our annual stay at Wynn.
5	Had dinner here last night. I ordered the drunken noodles with beef. It was so amazing. The beef was so tender and flavorful and cooked medium rare. My friend ordered with the chicken, and it was also good but not nearly as delicious as the beef. We also ordered a Philadelphia roll (eh, decent)Pork sprung rolls (delicious)Gardein sweet and sour chicken (yum)Pork ramen with added shrimp (the pricey shrimp was not worth the added expense. But the ramen itself was really good)It was one of the best meals we ate on the strip this weekend. Most food court meals ended up being 10 or $15, so paying about $25 for amaaaaazing food was worth it.
5	This is a good sushi restaurant on the strip. To be honest, I have had better sushi at lower price, but the food was still very good. I give it 5 stars because of the location (in the Wynn/Encore), the ambiance, and the service. We sat in front of the glass dragon on the red wall which was a great photo opportunity. Also, the whole dining area overlooks the casino floor, which is nice too. The nigiri sushi pieces are on the small side. I got an order of toro, which was $ 30 for two pieces. Very small sizes for the price and it was good but not great, as I would expect for toro. So I wouldn't order that again. But the other items I had included salmon, tuna, yellowtail, albacore, and smelt roe; and they were all very good. This is worth a try.
5	Being situated inside of Encore, I actually expected for this joint to serve westernized Asian-inspired dishes that's remotely different from what the natives are used to eating back in their motherland.  Surprisingly, everything we had was quite delicious and even better than what you can find from most establishments along Spring Mountain!!First off, I like how the menu is influenced by various food from several Southeast Asian countries.  In this case, everybody's taste buds can be satisfied as each person can have whichever cuisine they desire; i.e., one can order Thai and the other Japanese.  One dish worth noting is their Nasi Goreng--spicy Malaysian fried rice with shrimp, barbecued pork, lap cheong, sambal oelek and topped with a fried egg.  Not over-hyping it but it actually brought me back to my last trip in Malaysia!!  This version was actually even better especially with the sambal oelek, lap cheong and tiny dried shrimps.Overall, Wazuzu is definitely worth the hassle going to the strip.  Due to its location, prices are steeper than your typical Pan-Asian restaurant but that won't stop us from eating delicious food.  Trying out their Drunken Noodles next time!!
5	Delicious! Service and Atmosphere were perfect! Of coarse this is the Wynn and wouldn't expect anything less. Our food came out promptly and hot. Even charged our phones for us while we dined. Had Sweet & Sour Chicken, Shrimp Fried Rice, and BBQ SpareRibs!! Bomb!! One of my new Favorites in LV !
5	The best place we ate at all WEEKEND!yummy food, a ton of Gluten Free options, knowledgeable staff.You must eat here if in Vegas By the way, tank tops are not allowed here
2	The food here is okay. However the service is terrible. Had to wait about 20 minutes before any waiter or waitress came by.  Portions were small but filled with side items .  I could have gone to another place but I was so hungry that this was my only option at the time ... I could barely get them to come by so I can pay the bill... I definitely would not be coming back no matter how hungry I am... It's not disgusting, hence the two stars.
5	Had the black cod, ginger sea bass, Mongolian beef and short ribs. Black cod fave. Great service. Highly recommended.
4	I really liked this place! Service and food were both really good! The drunken noodles were pretty amazing!!!
3	After hearing Giada talk about Wazuzu's drunken noodles on the show The Best Thing I Ever Ate, I bookmarked Wazuzu.We were seated right in front of the "million dollar" dragon. I ordered:Roti with chicken panang curry- overly greasy roti; panang was Americanized and the coconut milk was all I could taste Drunken noodles- Giada must have had hers specially made or her palette is seriously flawed because the one I tried was unmemorable, lacked any bold flavors, and had minimal seasoning. Mongolian beef- pink in the middle; I wish all Asian restaurants used quality beef and cooked it this well; putting the crunchy noodles at the bottom made them soggyFor how Americanized the food tastes the inflated prices are not warranted.
2	First time was AWESOME.  Second time sucked.  Hit and miss at its worst.  We had the lobster our first visit and we were raving, saying that we had to come back and have the lobster.  So, second time, we came back and ordered the lobster and something happened, perhaps a new cook?  But, the lobster was soggy, not seasoned, and overall just plain was not the same taste.  Could honestly say it sucked.  Hit and miss is the tale of this place.
4	Wazuzu is a good Asian restaurant that marries a fusion of Asian foods, including Chinese, Japanese and hints of Indian (I think they use curry powders and other spices on some dishes) and Thai.The prices are in one breath high, in another breath both fair and on par with other high end restaurants.Dinner for 2 which included 3 entrees to share and an appetizer came in at about $100 before tip, and was enough food to even feed 3 people lightly or maybe even a small group of anorexic club going girls on their way to Surrender or XS that want to nibble while still looking good in their form fitting outfits.We had the Albacore Sashimi, which I highly recommend, for $22 the portions were good.The Miso Black Cod featured 2 respectfully sized pieces of fish over a bed of Chinese broccoli for $30.The Wazuzu Fried Rice had a hint of Indian spice maybe curry and had some dried shrimp, 4 large prawns, some chinese sausage and duck with pineapple mixed into flavorful jasmine rice.   It was a bit on the greaser side, not so much light and fluffy, but very tasty.  The portion size is good for $23 and enough for a few to share with other dishes.The Vegetarian Sweet and Sour "Chicken" (probably soy or tofu based) is all about the sauce, so less about chicken or mimicking the taste or flavor more so than the texture and cost $17The service was friendly.  They, I don't think take reservations, so we only waited about 20-30 mins around 10pm on a Friday Night over Labor Day Weekend, so easily killed time walking around the casino and they called us when the table was ready.I'd say this is a great place for larger parties of 4 or more to share in multiple dishes "family style" to enjoy all of the diverse tasty flavors they offer on their menu.If you're Asian and more working class Asian American, you may be taken aback at paying over $20 for Chow Fun (a dish you can get at any Chinatown for about $6), but you're not in Chinatown and this is also not "Panda Express" (nor P.F. Changs or Pick Up Stix or buffet styled cuisine) either and is gourmet Asian food.  Some negative naysayers may call it "White People's Asian Food" but it's to me, simple good if not great food without any prejudice other than the known price tag of the dishes clearly visible on the menu and available to see before you commit to dining, posted outside of the restaurant.  I like this place to recommend it and revisit it again.
5	Simply delicious. Best Chinese I've had in I years. Grilled brussel sprout appetizer was excellent - no bitterness and delicious. I sampled some of my wife's drunken noodles with tofu - very flavorful, great textures, a delight. My entree was stir-fried filet mignon with chinese broccoli and mushrooms. The filet was succulent and flavorful; simply a great dish.
5	Beautiful setting. Attentive and courteous staff. Beautifully presented, great tasting food. A lovely experience that is well worth the price. (A bit on the expensive side). Also, they have multiple vegetarian options. I will be coming here every time I am in Vegas.
5	Wazuzu is amazing!! I think I've tried almost everything on the menu and the food is superb! The waitstaff is EXCEPTIONAL and there's always a smile on everyone's face. Some of my favorite dishes are the XO FILET MIGNON wok tossed with asparagus and mushrooms in a spicy XO sauce, the ROTI PANANG which is Thai Red Curry that comes with a side of Indian Flat Bread, the TUNA TATAKI ROLL, the RED DRAGON ROLL, and for dessert.. the THAI CREPE which is a crispy Indian Flat bread with condensed milk, coconut flakes, and the best coconut ice cream I've ever had! Yum! My favorite cocktail there is the THAI SILK which combines a basil flavor with a coconut based nigori sake. It's a very refreshing drink! The prices are a little high but I don't expect anything less for a hotel like Wynn/Encore especially being on the strip. I highly recommend this restaurant if you're in the Vegas area!
3	Modern-Asian bistro? I do admit the 27ft crystal dragon was impressive, and the hostess was kind enough to take our order right away since we were in a hurry. Since we were headed to Surrender following the meal, wanted to keep it light. I chose the eel/avocado (unagi) sushi roll for $12. When it came out it only had 6 pieces and a pile of ginger. I was so hungry and sad at the same time. Not even hangry. The other girl got the drunken noodles with shrimp ($24) and that came out pretty spicy so I couldn't eat any of that either. If we weren't in a rush I may have considered something more substantial such as Egg Noodle Soup with wonton or BBQ pork ($17). Expensive but nice ambience.
2	Had dinner here 9/27 and the atmosphere  was nice and the coconut mohito was good.  The drunken beef was good and very tender, hamachi was good too and the softshell crab roll was ok, but very small for the money. I expected a lot more given the  venue. Service was poor as the waiter never checked back with us after food was delivered, didn't refill water or ask if we wanted another drink. I would not go back as there are much better options.
3	More of a 3.5.Came for dinner Saturday and was seated promptly with the place pretty busy but not fully packed. Initially intrigued by their menu and wanted a noodle soup fix, and this place seemed to fit the bill, especially as my sister is a vegetarian. Setting and decor was very nice, with a giant crystal like dragon on the wall.We got the jade dumplings and vegan crunch roll to start. Didn't find the rice crackers on the roll to be too appealing, but it did give a nice crunch. Loved the noodle wrapper on the dumplings but it was quite bland, even though it was packed with mushrooms and veggies.Got the tonkotsu ramen, as sis had the veggie ramen. The noodles itself were cooked perfectly with the right amount of chew to it, but it could have been eggier in flavor. My sis didn't care too much for them, as she thought they were doughy. My egg was perfectly soft boiled. I wasn't sure how I felt about the broth. It was milky in texture, but too light in taste. My pork was also dry and did not melt in my mouth like it should. The veggie ramen was odd. It was abundant in veggies, but was a mixture of American spring salad mix and Chinese veggies. Hers was not too flavorful either.Service was all very good. It was nice that they consistently checked to see if my jasmine green tea pot was empty. All in all, I enjoyed that everything tasted fresh and their portions were very satisfactory. They also nailed it on the textures of their food. However, for flavor, everything was quite bland. I didn't expect super authenticity or anything, but everything tasted super flat and even some salt would have helped, but I guess I would prefer something that is bland and fresh over something that is overly salty and doused in MSG.
3	Nothing too special. Food is more expensive than needs to be. Drunken noodles are decent, and spicy levels aren't too spicy.
5	Delicious asian cuisine! Everything was cooked perfect and wasn't too busy on a Friday night. No reservations.
4	Great service and a very attentive staff.  The food was excellent also. We had several types of food in this Pan-Asian restaurant and all was great
4	I had an early dinner at Wazuzu on Sunday afternoon before departing from the Sin City and it did not disappoint. The prices are definitely on the high end, but what can you expect from a restaurant at the Encore. Especially since they have a $1.5 million crystal dragon on their wall. Here is what I had:Fresh-squeezed watermelon juice - SO refreshing especially after a long night of drinking at XS Tuna Sashimi - 3 pieces of extremely fresh tuna, and they were in thick pieces too! Sweet Shrimp Sushi - MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH BUTTERY PIECES OF SWEET SHRIMP. so good. i can literally have 10 of these in a row Wazuzu Signature Dragon Sliders - these were so cool, the buns actually had dragon designs on them! (see picture) and the wagyu beef inside each bun was just SO tender and perfectly cooked. one thing I did not enjoy was the asian pickled veggies inside and I just took them out and enjoyed my bun that way! They are extremely expensive though - $38 for 3 small buns. Drunken Noodles - this was featured on the Food Network's The Best Things I've Ever Ate, so you know they were amazing. you can choose the spicy level between 1 - 5, because my stomach was not feeling happy from the previous night's drinking, I went with a 3. It definitely had a kick, but not enough on a normal day. The noodles were really amazing though, it was one of the best pan-fried noodles I've ever had! Full of flavor from the basil. Tuna tataki roll - amazing presentation and since I am a huge tuna lover, I really enjoyed it, a lot of spicy tuna and avocado, just the way I like it!Personally, I liked this restaurant a lot more than Red 8, which is kind of the equivalent at Wynn. I think Wazuzu is better because I get to have a more Southeast Asian flavor in addition to Chinese food, and also really fresh sushi!
5	Best Drunken Noodles outside of Asia.
5	A staple favorite... I landed into Vegas late and we couldn't decide where to go w no reservations... I can always count on good food and service here.  Duck and pineapple fried rice, sea bass, eel sushi and Mongolian need #nomnom
4	Stopped by here yesterday when we were still drunk and starving!! Pretty good reminds me of PEI WEI.  Won ton soup was great!!
1	I had lunch there yesterday.They have a very nice ambience and perfect service. The staff is great.I wouldn't recommend the pineapple fried rice or the nasi goran because it had a funky taste. My pineapple fried rice came with a duck and Chinese sausage... Didn't taste fresh to me.Very overpriced... Disappointing.
5	Amazingly good food in here. Was going to see Le Reve and had reservations at Andrea's at 6pm but we felt it was cutting it close to our 7pm show so we tried Wazuzu instead and couldn't be any satisfied with the service and food. Great Ramen, Lo Mein and dim sums.
4	Second time eating here, first review. Would probably give 3.5 but I will round up because I'm in a good mood. We had to wait about 10 minutes to get seated, but our waitress came quickly after that. Our appetizers (2 orders of dim sum) took about 15 minutes to come out, which seemed like a little long but I didn't mind. However our food did take another 30-35 minutes after that, and I grew a little impatient. The manager even came over to apologize for the delay (there were a couple large tables and our order probably got stuck behind one of those) and offer a free dessert or after-dinner coffee item for each of us. I'll take it! Our drunken noodles with tofu was amazing,  not spicy at all (we said we wanted a 2/5) and the free vegan brownie with chocolate sorbet was also good, however I probably wouldn't order the dessert again if it wasn't free. Despite the long wait for our food this time, we will definitely be back.
4	Nice variety menu, had the Orange chicken, sushi, rolls, etc, great service with the waiter addressing us by our name.
4	I had dinner here with friends.There's no chinese on the menu but I do like the Chinese food here! Nice dim sum and fried rice!
3	Someone had an $800 comp for this restaurant so four of us decided to try it.  Had the wagyu sliders, lobster, sashimi platters, seafood fried rice, duck, chinese broccoli, etc.Food: 3.5Food was good.  Nothing really stood out.Ambience: 4Decore and noise level was very good.Value: 3Quality of food does not match price.  Service: 3.5Waiter made a mistake with our order.  If we had to pay, I would be upset but since our food was comped it wasn't a problem.I rounded down to 3 stars since only the dessert (Thai Crepe) was memorable.
