2	I work near here, so it's the most convenient place to get coffee when you're hungover and already 5 minutes late. But every time I go in I wonder why I had.Starbucks' coffee isn't really that good for the most part, but I've definitely had some good baristas that know how to make a good latte. The baristas here however, are obnoxious teenagers who don't know/care what they're doing. It's dirty and hectic, and they're always throwing empty pitchers around and sighing heavily at the STRESS of it all. You probably won't be addressed for a few minutes when approaching the register, as the girl will be frantically stirring some frappuccino mix and mumbling to herself about how much she hates her life.At least the coffee's been hot every time I've been in here. But guys. Relax a little.
5	The staff is amazing!! They are so friendly and willing to answer any questions I have! Love this place!
2	On Thanksgiving morning my husband and I wanted to make our one-and-only outing for the day a stroll to our nearest Starbucks. I go to a different Starbucks near my office on a daily (sometimes twice daily) basis. On this day, I order my usual non-fat latte and was disappointed at the flavor, or lack of, to be more accurate. It had little to no espresso taste, and was not the right temperature. I told the barista that my latte was not up to par (compared with what I get every day at another store) but received no acknowledgement or apology. She promptly made me another (again no acknowledgement or apology) which tasted exactly the same - blah.  I then conveyed my displeasure with the order taker, even offering to pay for another just to have it made correctly. Now I was getting somewhere, as she finally explained her awareness of a problem with their machine, and has been waiting for some time for management to do something about it. I'm not sure why she didn't explain this in the first place. In any case she (the order taker not the original girl) made me another, which actually tasted superb. So at that point I wasn't sure if it was equipment or server deficiencies, and her explanation left me confused and not sure if I ever wanted to return.
1	Don't
2	Very peeved when I was enjoying some fascinating books on Star Wars ;) at B&N today and then go to order a latte with my SB Au Card and they don't accept them nor SB rewards... whuuhh?  Seriously??  Why even carry the name of the chain if you're not going to treat it like a chain.  Girld told me I could get a B&N card.. eh, me thinks not!Sorely disappointed... felt tricked.
2	It's crammed on the inside and they don't have any comfortable chairs to sit in while there. Don't plan on spending any amount of time here with no place to hang out-chairs they have really hurt your back.
2	It's just your typical Starbucks, nothing special to report here.
