5	This place has apparently been open for 20ish years. My first visit was this morning. I stopped in on my way to the gym for a pre-workout drink to go. The lady behind the counter was the best. Knowledgable on all products I expressed interest in. Smoothies can be made as sweet or as clean as you want them to be. Prices on everything run from average to some really great discounts. I will definitely be visiting again.
4	Great nutritious smoothies
5	In my quest to find healthy and quick meal options I have come across One Stop Nutrition, and it turned out to be everything I'm looking for and more. One Stop is similar to GNC or Vitamin Shoppe in the fact that they cary a large variety of workout supplements, vitamins and other health products. What sets One Stop apart from the competition is the made to order nutritional shakes they offer. You start by picking the type of shake, "meal replacement" "post work out " "mass gainer" or "the slimmer" are among the options. you then choose a base "non fat yogurt" "soy milk" "juice" or almond milk. and finally you pick a flavor. Today I got  The meal replacement with non fat yogurt and pina colada flavor, and i must say It got the job done!  It was very tasty, i enjoyed every sip. The shake was Filling, enjoyable and affordable at only $5, Can't beat it. In addition shakes & supplements they have nutritional offerings such as high protein pancake mix, energy drinks, vegan protein cookies, power peanut butter and even a variety of healthy nut and trail mix combinations. The place really lives up to the name "One Stop" because if your trying to make health conscious choices it is the only stop you need to make. One stop earns 5 stars from me because in my extensive search for fast and healthy meal solutions I haven't found anything like it. Anytime a business can satisfy an unfulfilled need and do it fast and at reasonable cost it will get 5 stars from me. One Stop hits all those marks and they just earned a repeat customer.
4	Very quick and helpful. The gal who usually makes my smoothies is kind and knows her stuff! They also have almond milk upon request :) Other items (besides smoothies) a little lover priced but I will only come here if I need a great after workout protein shake!!
4	I was nervous going in the first time...... Kinda like not knowing how to order at Starbucks for the first time. The girl working the counter ( Jamie) was on top of her game. Nice, friendly and walked me through the process.  I was impressed and will definitely be back.
5	This One Stop Nutrition is hands down then BEST location I have ever visited. Jaimee (sorry if I spelled that wrong)  and Leah (sorry again for spelling) are amazing. They both have great knowledge when it comes to nutrition and they take a genuine interest in your health. It makes a big difference when you can visit with someone who cares about you and takes an interest in your goals. Support local small business and purchase all your supplements from One Stop....Shakes from knowledgeable beautiful ladies who walk the walk and not just talk the talk, fair prices and clean supplements....what else guys???....THIS IS TRULY A ONE STOP NUTRITION EXPERIENCE. Can't be beat! Jaimee makes the BEST "butterfinger" shake you can imagine....It is my all time fav! Big thanks to everyone!!!Blake
