4	Five colleagues and I  recently visited this new restaurant at the Fairmont Hotel in Downtown Pittsburgh. First, the good:- The food was tasty (though not perfect...ravioli appetizers were pretty bland...but the pork bellies were fantastic and plentiful).- The decor is modern and chic. Definitely a place to go to be seen.- The kitchen is open and looks clean and efficient. Always a nice touch.- The wait staff were friendly, knowledgeable, and, for the most part, prompt.The Bad:- When we arrived, no one was there to greet us. We waited for a few minutes before I walked most of the way into the restaurant to find the hostess. Only then were we seated.- The atmosphere is a bit too noisy for intimate conversations, but certainly consistent with the vibrant scene.- Some restaurants have the annoying habit of taking the wine away in between pours. This is one of those places. Not a deal breaker, but pretty annoying.Some more about the food:- The tandor lamb was tasty and a nice portion. Not too big, not too small.- The flank steak was juicy and prepared as ordered (rare).- The carrot cake was delicious (not too sweet).Overall, this is a great addition to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene, but the kitchen and the staff need to work out a few kinks.Would I go again? Sure, but only if someone else were paying!
3	Overall, Habitat offers a number of very creative cocktails, appetizers, entrees, and deserts. Some are outstanding; others are good at best. The dining room is modern and tastefully arranged, has interesting views of the city, and could work for a date or business dinner. The wine list is extremely overpriced, however, especially considering the mediocre wines available at lower and middle price points, and they remove the bottle from the table each time they pour the wine. This is annoying, because the waitstaff is not particularly attentive and thus you can go 5-10 minutes waiting for someone to bring the bottle over and fill your glass. A second problem is that they charge $15 for valet parking in Pittsburgh, and will not validate your parking even if you're spending $100/person on dinner at the restaurant. That seems absurd to me. If these frustrating problems were rectified (as they could be quite easily), I would give the restaurant 4.5 stars.
3	Given that two of my colleagues have already written about their experience here, it seems a little much to weigh in here, but here goes anyway.I wasn't wowed by Habitat - it's a swanky place to take clients if you're stuck downtown and can't get anywhere else more interesting.  The hotel itself is really nicely done - our guest was shocked that we could have such a nice hotel in Pittsburgh (although I think that says more about Pittsburgh than it does about the hotel).  The entrance to the restaurant is rather unassuming, and the host podium is oddly situated.  It's neither right in front of the door, nor is it off to the side.  Someone did not get the flow on that entry right.Anyway, nobody was at the host podium when we arrived, which was a little shocking.  However, I liked the wait staff, and especially enjoyed the open kitchen concept.  The food is good, but not spectacular.  I didn't find it particularly inventive, and it was almost certainly a little overpriced.  However, the quality of ingredients were top notch.It's a place to go to see and be seen.  They do the whole local, sustainable thing, which is fantastic, although one might wonder why it is so expensive if it didn't have to come very far.  I will also say that one huge detraction is the acoustics - it is super loud in here.  For a place that is supposed to be tastefully modern, that doesn't seem consistent with the ambiance.I'll also mention that the bathrooms are awfully far away.  Again, I think whoever the architect was didn't plan for a lot of these small little details, and it's unfortunate that they have to find out about it after the fact.
4	Wonderful addition to downtown Pittsburgh.8 of us went for a work dinner - and had a variety of food preferences...seafood allergies, vegetarian, picky, etc. And the somewhat limited menu was able to satisfy all.There were more indian dishes than I expected and was somewhat surprised - but that was just poor research on my part.The small plate selection covered a range of flavors and options.  The beet, goat cheese, and honey salad was excellent.The Naan and Edamame were delicious.  The butter nut squash ravioli were very rich, but had great flavor.  The Dark Chocolate pot de creme was one of the most delicious things I've ever had.  There is a large communal table in the center of the room - which fit our entire group.  But the table was oddly too wide - making conversation difficult.  I'm not sure if they plan to truly use it like a communal table.  If the case, this will work.Everyone in our group was very pleased with their food - not an easy accomplishment. Service was excellent.  Knowledgeable, accommodating, timely.It's pricey  - but is a nice option for a higher end meal.
3	As our restauarant choice on special occasion, we were excited about what we had heard about Habitat. The ambience was really great and the service was very friendly and professional. We loved the local and seasonal focus of the menu. The sustainability and organic features on the menu were a highlight for us. Our starters were really tasty. For a fresh choice, we had the beets. And for a cheap snack, we had the edamame, which was prepare with a pepper blend. The entrees were tasty. The reason I give this only 3 stars is because of the portion size on the lamb loin, the most expensive choice on the menu. For $38, I received only about 3-4 ounces of lamb and 3 small potatoes. It was very dissapointing in comparison to the healthy servings of bass, salmon and beef all around me. All in all, I might go back but for my money there are other amazing choices at this price level in pittsburgh.
2	Very disappointing. Not at all a locally sourced menu. The ingredients used were not even seasonal. I had three small plates while I sat alone at the bar. A green salad that was so overdressed the greens were going limp before my eyes. The greens were lovely and tender, but drowning. Second I had a seared tuna. This was unbelievably overseasoned-salty and over spiced. You could not taste the fish at all. Made me wonder what was being hidden under all that spice.Finally I ate a pork fried rice dish that was actually quite tasty. Wish i'd just ordered that in the entree size, rather than bothering with the rest. Will not return, space sterile and staff not very polished for the price point.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars because I appreciate the swanky addition to the Pittsburgh dining scene, although I thought the actual food experience was really 3 stars when price was factored in. Beautiful space, open kitchen, live jazz now on from wed - sat nights, excellent service.  Waiter knew the menu cold, very attentive, addressed me by my name, switched my wine when i didn't like it without charge. my thoughts/reccs (note, I am very critical with food)1) park in garage for $6, avoid valet2) limited wine list, should be revamped, bottles not available! 3) delicious tuna tartar with tangy avocado layer, tobiko and potato crisps $14. best thing i had. 4)  grilled octopus appetizer on perfectly sauteed fingerling potatoes - tasty, surprisingly tender. $9 5) romaine salad with poached egg and oversmoked bacon bits - creamy dressing needed salt 6) sirloin steak ordered medium rare - be specific about this bc they overcooked this and seved me medium!!!  came with very creative celery and parmesian gratin. $34 7) rice pudding with fruit compote dessert $9 - served cold. blah. the pastry chef specializes in chocolate so i'd go that route next time. I wish I had tried some of the indian inspired dishes as well as the pork belly.  i will probably go back because every now and then it's nice to put on heels and feel like you're in a big city.
5	I dined at Habitat shortly after it opened.  I was incredibly impressed with many things, including the service.  I was attending a special event, but still got to experience this restaurant in all its glory.  The food was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  The server was friendly and accommodating to my needs to eat quicker than the others to make another appointment.  I like the open feeling, and modern design for Pittsburgh.  When compared to the older design of the William Penn this was a nice change (it reminds me of my time in LA and NYC).I haven't been back, but only because my work schedule is super busy (and I can't get a date!).From one wine-loving cook to another, I highly recommend!
5	One of my go-to's in Pittsburgh! I first dined at Habitat shortly after it opened and have returned twice for special occasions. (Mother's Day and gf's birthday). Habitat is intimately tucked into the 2nd floor of the impressive new Fairmont Hotel in downtown. The main dining room is both chic yet fairly spartan in design, allowing attention to be drawn to the busy but immaculate open kitchen. The menu items change less frequently than I would like, but it doesn't really matter because I was able to go for the pork belly app a 2nd time! (It's no longer on the menu I believe) The chef's use of quality ingredients in creative ways is perfectly executed. I prefer good food to speak for itself, and nothing that I have tasted was muted by over preparation or seasoning.Then the staff. In three visits, the GM Alan recognizes me on the phone and heartily greats me at the table. He poured free champagne for my gfs birthday party as well, a nice and appreciated touch. The servers are knowledgeable and friendly, without being overbearing.In a handful of very well done restaurants in the Pittsburgh area, Habitat holds it's own. As in another comment, ship the valet and park yourself to save an outrageous valet charge. And go, seriously. Go check it out, you can thank me later.
5	The desserts are the best part about Habitat.    I totally recommend the Raspberry Panna Cotta.The crab mac & cheese which I had was pretty good but next time Im here I'll have crab and ahi tuna appetizer.    I also loved the lobster with curry.   its a sweeter curry dish (there are lychees in the curry sauce) but its also one of the more fun curry dishes that i've had.While the number of contemporary american restaurants are growing in Pittsburgh, seems like they are scattered geographically (Isabellas on Mt. Washington...Salt in E. Liberty).   Its nice that Habitat and a few others are centralized in the downtown area.
4	I was here with a party of five on Thanksgiving. The restaurant is very impressive visually. Very upscale. The food is very good. Everyone enjoyed their appetizers and main course. The desserts were a knockout. Aside from being pretty pricey, dining here was a relaxed experience. The kitchen is open. Sitting right near it, the chef asked how everything was- a nice touch.
4	I get to The Burgh about once a year because of a yearly conference. Overall, I've been pretty impressed at the quality of food here, and Habitat was no exception.A friend made the reservation several days before we left Philadelphia, and I looked at the menu online. My friend is a much more adventurous eater than I am, and looking at the menu made me a little nervous. I like simple things, nothing fancy. The menu definitely screamed "FANCY!" to me. After browsing the dinner selections, I figured I couldn't go wrong with the Chicken tikka masala. It seemed safe enough.The reservation had been made for 5:30 on a Friday night. We were a party of four, and two of us showed at 5:15. There didn't appear to be ANYONE inside, and, in fact, the doors to the restaurant were closed. The two of us began to get nervous wondering if the place had closed without us knowing it. Within minutes, the host showed up, and invited us to sit at the bar while we waited. I didn't think this was such a good sign, but the beer selection was pretty varied. I was pleasantly surprised to see one of my favorites, Lancaster Brewery Strawberry Wheat, was available. This settled my nervousness.Our party finally arrived, and we were introduced to our server, Deb. She was very knowledgeable of the menu and was very helpful in helping us make some choices. She convinced me to try the Roasted Butternut Squash Soup with Autumn Spiced creme fraiche. WOW!!! I was already impressed, and this was just an appetizer. The Creme really added a LOT to this.For an entree, I was convinced to try the Venison Loin. The online menu differs from what was available at the restaurant, in that sides are served a la carte. I selected the Lobster mac and cheese, and couldn't have been happier. I ordered the venison medium well, and that's just how it came out.Having read a few reviews on here, I was really looking forward to dessert. I decided on the Apple confit. It was the perfect combination of sweet apples and crunchy pecans. It was a fantastic end to a great meal.I would definitely recommend Habitat to anyone, even those of us who don't like to venture too far off the beaten culinary path.
2	We went to Habitat for their Thanksgiving buffet, so this review covers only that specific event, not their general menu.The good points: the food was generally very tasty. Service was very good -- we wanted some special things and the staff was able to provide them. I see that others commented on the utensils and dishes. We actually were impressed by the choices, such as having a coffee set that also had a place for a companion desert. Speaking of deserts, they weregreat. One that stood out was a "turkey cookie" which had two standing cookies surrounding a pumpkin filling, with icing designed to look like a turkey.On the not so good side. First, much to my amazement, they ran out of turkey. Yes, on a Thanksgiving buffet, they ran out of turkey. Second, there was very little selection (compared to what one might expect of a Thanksgiving buffet). For example, for the breakfast part of the buffet, they offered eggs Benedict. That was nice -- but that's all they had for eggs. Perhaps one could have asked for something else (see service comment above), but it was not clear how far one could go "off menu". Similarly, no soups -- you might expected something like a pumpkin or squash soup. Few salads. Lots of cold cuts, if you like that kind of thing. Third, some duds in the food. While most of the food was very tasty, there were exceptions. For example, the mahi-mahi was chewy, not flaky. Finally, the price: for $70 a person, I would have expected everything to be great, which along with the very limited selection, strongly influenced the rating to 2 stars as a Thanksgiving Buffet.
2	My husband purchased a Groupon for this restaurant so we went this evening. The food menu is limited while the drink menu is extensive!The waiter (Cody) made a good rec. for a white wine I enjoyed. But, it stopped there. The bread arrived and I took a slice and added some butter. I bit down on something salty and crunchy and at first I thought  the crust area had some mixture of seeds and salt. I soon realized the butter itself had large chunks of sea salt in it, resulting in very salty bites each time! I scraped it off and enjoyed the bread plain. I ordered seared diver scallops and a side of crab mac and white cheddar cheese. The scallops were pretty close to raw and luke warm. The greens placed on top were attractive but largely tasteless (unless you are a rabbit). The designer mac and cheese was alright but a bit too saucy and could have used more flavor.The waiter explained that the chef's approach is to under cook most dishes and that is was not cooked wrong but not cooked to my liking. He also commented on the fact that most of my dish was eaten... well, there were THREE scallops. I ate one, gave one to my husband to try and just could not eat the third..  The waiter later agreed the scallops were not cooked enough and gave us our desserts on the house. So, after being told the cooking was not wrong he then recanted with his revised statement. It would have been more appropriate had he examined the dish immediately and decided...The raspberry/fig tart was good, esp. the vanilla ice cream. The chocolate ganache type creation was not very good. Yes, chocolate being only so-so! The bitter chocolate was VERY bitter and the sweeter choc. so sickeningly sweet, not a good flavor combo. on the palette. The passion fruit sauce along side the dish was great! Give me the ice cream with the sauce and there would be a winner!Service was decent (we had  6 of the staff who come to our table!) and the view of the Roberto Clemete bridge was neat. If it was not for the Groupon deal I would have complained more about the scallops. For the price, the quality was poor and a disappointment.
4	In honor of receiving a 4-star award recently, Habitat chose to offer a $4 special on its burger at lunch (regularly $12).  With that offer, how could I say no - an opportunity to try one of the hot-list new dineries downtown?  So my coworker GH and I braved the bitter cold for a chance at nirvana.Environment:  very mod. Loved the color scheme - very soothing blues and browns.  Open dining room.  Dishes are very cool (white but not your typical plates) - and the salt and pepper are so unique, it was tempting to slip them into the pocket (no, I didn't take them, Chef, but I REALLY liked them - that was the first thing GH noticed on the table).  The water pitcher was even better - but that would never have fit into a pocket.....The commmitment to green manifests itself in everything from the placemats to the lighting - despite the grey winter day, the room takes advantage of all of the natural light available with the glass curtain walls.  Pittsburgh is not known for having an overabundance of sophisticated cosmopolitan dining establishments.  Habitat made me feel like I was in Frisco or NYC.  Contemporary, not cookie cutter mold, and not at all stuffy.Very quiet restaurant which means it is conducive to talking without the next table eavesdropping.  That alone makes this is a unique restaurant these days - I get weary of trying to talk over the music and hear about the next table's most recent fling or surgery.Wait staff:  very good.  Rajee was our waiter.  Attentive, but not overbearing.  Service was quite fast - when I remarked to the server that our lunch came quickly, the response was "we recognize that most folks don't have a long time for lunch so we try to serve you quickly".  I liked that.  We lingered way too long chatting after our lunch was consumed and, yes, we were still back in the office within the allotted hour.  I have a hard time doing that with any restaurant downtown.Now on to the food. I came for a burger. I wanted that burger.  But I looked at the menu and found a dozen other things I wanted more.  But I went for the burger (so this is an indication that I will be back).The burger was good. I am not going to say it was the best I have ever had, but it was good.  It is served on a wonderful egg bun with nice thick ripe tomato, a slice of onion, lettuce, and a crispy dill pickle slice.   And the burger is a nice size - with all the fixings, it was a handful.  GH could handle it, I cut mine in half so as to not look like the ravenous carnivore that I am.  The meat was rare as I requested - but here is where it doesn't yet earn it's fifth star.  It wasn't messy.  I understand that a well-done burger will never drip juice - after all, you don't expect shoe leather to be juicy, why would you expect a well-done burger to be any different.  But a rare burger should leave some juices running down your fingers or chin (ok, it's a nice restaurant, maybe the chin thing would be too much).  But there was no juice which kind of was odd to me. The meat seemed to be chopped more than ground - which was not a bad thing, a little different but not bad.  It was not dried out or overcooked, it was just not juicy.The burger came with a white cheddar slice melted on top.  And the flavor was kind of lost on the burger.  Now, it was not a large thick slice of Cheddar (after all, the sandwich is a loss leader) so maybe a thicker slice would hold up to the flavor.Again, the same with the bacon.  I knew it was there but didn't get a really good taste of it.  Again, I am willing to consider that because of the low price, perhaps the bacon was quite thin and lost on the sandwich.For sides, GH chose the obligatory fries which came in a cone and seemed to be quite good (when a coworker doesn't offer to share a fry, I figure they must be good).  I chose the butternut squash soup which is on the menu daily.  That soup alone brought the 3-star lunch up to a 4-star lunch.  It is not a large side serving of soup - maybe 1/2 a cup at most.  But it was a tasty soup, just the right thickness, lightly seasoned.  It came in this adorable little cup/bowl - which I wanted to lick clean then stick in the pocket behind the salt and pepper shakers and the frog pitcher.  I would come back for the soup alone - and one more chance at those salt and pepper shakers.... So I am holding at 4 stars.  I will return - I will need to try that burger again to decide if it deserves a better rating or not.  And that naan pizza with ricotta and hummus is just calling my name....
3	General American hotel fare that you would find in any large american city. For Pittsburgh this might be special but  a destination restaurant - it is not if you've traveled and sampled other city delights.The design of the space is the very functional and modern styled aesthetic one would expect from a firm like Gensler. Feels hotel-y in the use of plush carpeting and heavy furniture, but manages to remain cozy and light (i think the wood slats and the views outside help this) Seating is dispersed as to reinforce the sense of intimacy and you never feel too close to another table. The space is simple. The food is simple. We had a trio of appetizers. The brioche was pretty boring. Bread, obligaroy herb, poached egg. Check.  Salmon with roe was fresh but familiar. The standout was really the oxtail gnocci. The plump squarish pillows of dough were perfectly light inside and browned on the outside, they melted away in your mouth on a wave of delicious gravy that coated the base of the plate. The oxtail had a wonderful smokey taste - the chopped veggies mixed in seemed like an afterthought and really didnt offer much. Id nix those.. Main course for me was the Alaskan cod with fresh grapefruit on a lentil base. The lentils swam in more gravy and I pretty much left them alone after a few bites - the cod was really delicious, fresh and cooked to perfection sliding perfectly onto my fork and really having a pop paired with a cold fresh sweet slice of grapefruit - wonderful combination. My friend had the "butchered today" beef - i dont remember the cut but the waiter sold us on it. It was for for me at least, a dissappointment. Despite it being cooked medium rare, it felt and tasted more like well done. At 38 dollars, it was not worth or indicative of the quality of which it was described. Give me Elysian lamb for that price point, give me well marbled organic beef tartar... dont give me a slab of dry steak and tell me it was dressed that morning. I dont remember what it came with, a mash of some type. Forgettable.Desert was a coffee mouse with banana in a graham cracker pie crust, with way too much whip cream. It was delightful and I ate all the mouse and banana. A comfortable, recognizable simple treat. We drank the non-alcoholic drinks - I believe I had a pomogranite fresh and my friend had a basil and strawberry concotion - both are made with sparkling mineral water which I looooove. These fresh drinks were outstanding. Overall it was a pleasant experience. I didnt find the frog water pitcher all that cute.. I get that the hotel incorporates artisian touches but that is not one that I appreciated. The prices were exorbitant for such simple food. Yes the meal was overall good but it was not memorable for that price point. I get it its a hotel.. but I probably wont be coming back here for a destination meal - unless its a business meeting or someone is staying there that dares not venture out to sample Pittsburgh's other offerings.
3	There are other restaurants in PGH that I prefer, and serve similar food but better and cheaper.  I'm thinking of Eleven and Nine.  A good stand-out in the downtown area.  Everything is of fine quality, which I feel is a bit of a *kiss of death*--it's good, it's expensive, but the food doesn't *wow* (though the Fairmont service does).  The pewter froggy water service pitcher is BEYOND cute.
2	We celebrated Christmas eve this year at Habitat. I had been wanting to dine here since they opened and this was our first opportunity. Just as we suspected, the restaurant was not at all busy. We both liked the ultra modern interior design, the dark woods and the bright punches of color. We were led to a table by one of the windows with a view of PNC Park in the distance and cold and lonely streets in the foreground. I luckily brought along my coat so I would not freeze!! From our table, we also had a view of the open kitchen. We were greeted by Raja, our warm and friendly server. BJ ordered his typical beer and my got my usual adult beverage. It was a drink with something extra, a huge lipstick imprint on the rim. So, we were not off to such a good start. The menu is limited, we shared a salad and the roasted butternut squash soup with Autumn spiced creme fraiche. It was brought out and served with a flourish. The bowl was placed in front of me and then the soup was poured from a small tureen. The only bad thing was, there was barely enough soup to cover the bottom of my bowl.  But it was good.BJ ordered the locally raised grass-fed beef. I had warned him that other Yelpers advised that the beef was tough. They were right. Good thing BJ is strong enough to wield his not so sharp enough knife to actually be able to cut thru said beef. He also got a baked potato and a side of white cheddar crab mac. We both felt that the mac needed a bit more flavor. I ordered the shrimp pad thai. It was served in an interesting bowl and was an average size portion. I did enjoy the dish, however, I had a serious case of hives shortly after dining here. I feel it was connected to the pad thai. We also shared one of the desserts. It was interesting, but not enough that I remember much about it. Much like my experience at Habitat. It's nothing that is worth repeating.
5	Service, presentation, food, all off the charts.   The best part is the dessert.  Just when you think it wont get any better.The locally-source menu and amazing service make this place an experience.   We will be back
4	My boyfriend and I were on the hunt for grass fed burgers in Pittsburgh when we discovered Habitat. It's not the cheapest place, but the menu ingredients are locally sourced and I imagine the overhead at the Fairmont Hotel is pricey. We biked over there one day in early spring, arriving hot and sweaty, and ready to get our burger on. We did not feel uncomfortable in our street clothes, despite the fancy atmosphere. We sat at the bar and had a pleasant conversation with the guests sitting next to us who were visiting from NY (we just moved here from Brooklyn and found we had a lot to talk about). We couldn't resist a few small plates before we moved on to our burgers. We shared the chilled english pea soup that went nicely with a glass of rose as well as a beet salad with goat cheese, wild honey, and coriander. Everything tasted fresh and loved! Our burgers were a special treat for us. Cooked just as we requested on a lightly toasted brioche bun with Pennsylvania cheddar cheese and all the fixings. Plus, the fries were perfectly seasoned and HOT! My only complaint is that they did not have homemade mustard, only Dijon.We've been back several times now. We recently tried the Spring risotto, which was also cooked perfectly. We hope to expand our selection in the future, but the burgers are just so tasty.
3	As far as buffet style brunches go it was decent but overall something was missing.  Lacking ambience (hated the carpet) combined with buffet style brunch instead of a la carte led to slight disappointmentThe dessert section was delicious though
4	From start to finish, our experience here was excellent. The host was extremely friendly, our server was fantastic and the food was fantastic. A bit pricey and portions can be a bit small but the quality and taste was well worth it.
3	This place is a solid 3.5 stars.  The presentment of the food is fantastic here, and prices are reasonable, considering it is a more gourmet establishment.  I had the spinach and arugula salad, which was excellent.  I also ordered the filet.  It was under cooked, but quite a tasty piece of meat.  Also, I couldn't get over the wine prices, as they were very cheap.  We had a Malbec; it was only $24 and tasted great!Will definitely be coming back.
3	Not bad, not bad at all, but not that great either.  I went here for lunch with a friend and had the grilled vegetable wrap with sweet potato fries.  When I read grilled veggies, I want a variety of grilled veggies - and I like them grilled - you know have those little charcoal lines on them.  Well that wasn't the case for Habitat's version of grilled veggie wrap.  It was your usual suspect veggies - eggplant (a bit chewy and hard), red peppers, and some leafy greens that were doused in the dressing they put on there.  That was probably the saving grace - the doused dressing, it helped to cover up the lack of grilled veggie taste.  But I was in the mood for veggies and this sorta hit the spot.  The sweet potato fries were good...maybe that was the meals saving grace.  The desserts looked really good at this place, but we didn't have the time nor the space to try them out.  Service was great.
5	Best steak of my life! Hands down! Great menu and excellent food. Our service was amazing!High quality ingredients and our food was made with pride!
4	Excellent food, though the menu is small. I love that they serve so much organic and local fare. They even created a very nice vegetarian dish for my Mom and she was pleasantly surprised. Nice ambiance for a quiet dinner, good looking waiter was a bonus. The night manager Gerry was very generous and took meticulous care of our table.
4	I went to dinner last night with coworkers at Habitat, the restaurant in the Fairmont Hotel.  We went on the suggestion of my foodie manager, who has been working in Pittsburgh for almost three years now and has scoped the dining scene several times over.  Needless to say, I expected it to be excellent.I'm happy to say that Habitat delivered a beautifully presented, delicious meal.  There were eight in our party, so I got to see and hear about many of the items on the menu (which as other yelpers mentioned, is not extensive).  Each dish was meticulously put together and plated - the presentation wins full points in my book.  The braised short rib with roasted root vegetables was tender, fatty, and rich, just as short rib should be.  Another highlight of the meal was actually a side dish: the roasted local mushrooms.  The mushrooms were cooked and seasoned perfectly without masking that warm, earthy, mushroomy flavor. (Note: mushrooms aren't even a favorite food of mine.  These were just awesome.)  The only complaint in my group came from our resident vegetarian - the restaurant offered an off-the-menu pad thai with tofu, but they had run out of tofu. Sad.Beyond the food, my favorite part of Habitat was their open kitchen. We sat at a table which had a clear view of 8 chefs, bustling around, preparing dishes.  The restaurant wasn't very busy last night, so the kitchen was not chaos, but it was still a nice visual to watch between table conversations.  All in all, a great dinner - I'd go back!
4	Good food and wonderful staff! I was there for the Restaurant Week promotion, and while I'm certain portion sizes were smaller to accommodate the price, the food was still great.
5	We went to Habitat for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week and were very impressed. It was my second time there and my friend's first. He was fascinated by the open kitchen concept and the space. We were seated right across from the kitchen. We could see everything that was going on in there, which, since I cook, is an additional treat for me. I got the mushroom tart with Parmesan cream and my friend got the beets with goat cheese. We were both very impressed with the appetizers. I got to try the beets-goat-cheese app, and it was fantastic! We both got the scallops for dinner. I guess the regular menu portion would have been a bit bigger than our two sea scallops, half a fistful each of wilted spinach and ratatouille, but the portion was just perfect for each of us. We also wanted to save room for dessert. Although the menu mentioned that you could select  any dessert item from the regular dessert list, they only offered the Opera cake to us. I love Opera cake and this one exceeded my expectations. I could have licked the plate if I were sitting on my couch and devouring this. I think I should have anyway... Next time!
4	Ate here during Restaurant Week. It is an expensive place but they had a pretty good fixed price menu. Excellent service and food was tasty, and we got lucky to get a seat near the open kitchen which is a nice sideshow (but be warned there's a large portion of the restaurant that's just 'regular' seating). In the new Fairmont hotel, so definitely upscale. Portions are small, but not small so you are hungry, just small compared to the amounts given at other restaurants.
3	I really don't find too many hotel restaurants that impress me. To be honest, most are downright awful (Mitchell's cough cough).  But Habitat seems to try and break that mold.  You can't beat the beautiful views and there's definitely a classy feel to the place.  I felt out of place a bit among all the suits.  But you won't find me suiting up anytime soon, don't you worry!They have a stellar lunch special called the "express lunch."  You order a soup or salad, sandwich and dessert for $16 (just soup/salad and sammie is $10).  I reeeeeally wanted to go for the dessert option, but since I'm trying to watch the sweets I stayed away.  I settled on the beet salad and butternut squash soup.  The beets were presented in a way I had never seen before.  It was probably a full beet and half (I'm very aware of how much beet they server since I'm a beet nerd) with goat cheese and lettuce and honey drizzled on top.  It was different, but good.  I really liked that you could add on a protein to the salad, so I opted for the ahi tuna.  It wasn't bad either, not the best I've had, but not bad.  The butternut squash soup was also good, but was missing the really creamy consistency I enjoy.  It was creamy, but just a tad off.  I believe our waiter wanted to sit down and enjoy the meal with us, he was so present.  That kinda sets the stage for how attentive their service here is.  I mean, your glass gets below the halfway mark and they're there.  You order, give them your menu, blink and then your lunch is in front of you.  Seriously, that's some attentive service.Side note: The water pitcher is a "trademarked" silver frog that an artist designed for them.  It's seriously adorable and you can buy one for the low price of $150 (I know, not low) but the proceeds go to Habitat for Humanity, which makes the purchase awesome!  You can also put your business card in for a free one!I would definitely try out the dinner at some point, I think it would be a really romantic date night spot.  Maybe they can wow me at dinner.  I feel like they're just on the cusp on doing that...
4	I feel like I can't fully review Habitat because I was only to dine from the Restaurant Week menu, not that I'm complaining! :) The mushroom tart was OUTSTANDING! I also reallllly enjoyed the bread pudding dessert! Can't wait to go back and try the whole menu out! Our waiter was very friendly and accommodating as well.
3	The food was decent, and the servers were attentive. I'm lowering the rating because for the price, I don't think it was quite worth it - I've had better food, or certainly comparable food for much less money at other fine Pittsburgh establishments. Habitat also felt a little snooty to me - I probably won't be back for another $120 two person meal anytime soon. I had the halibut, and while it was fine, I didn't love the way they prepared it.
4	I came here with my sister for my 27th birthday (yikes I'm getting up there in years!).  The host was FABULOUS.  The waiter was INSANELY knowledgeable and funny.  The food was great, I got the steak daily special.  Everything was so fresh, and the cocktails were to die for and I almost did I could have had 10 of them.  Since it was my birthday the waiter picked out his two favorite desserts and brought them out for my sister and I to chose from.  Birthday girl picks first!  I had the apple dessert.  So much apple in so so so many different ways.  If it wasn't so expensive, I would probably eat here everyday.  The open kitchen and views from the giant windows are just a bonus to the deliciously interesting and complex flavors and foods they offer.
4	Habitat has quickly become my favorite (or one of) restaurant downtown. Now I must admit I only come for their lunch but I never regret it.Every time we go I am always happy with the service, both from a service aspect and a food aspect. The wait staff is always on top of their game and the food is always delicious. I tend to be rather boring with my selections, but I absolutely love their chicken sandwich. It comes with avocado, which normally I don't like, but love with this. Their fries are amazing. And I'm not joking when I say amazing. I don't know what they put on them for seasoning, but they're so freaking good. I also always get their butternut squash soup. It makes for a rather large lunch, but that's what the gym is for right?For a hotel restaurant I don't think you really can beat the service, quality or price. It's definitely a great place to take a date, client, or anyone for that matter. It borders on the swanky side, however, I would feel ok wearing jeans there. And if you're in a rush they have express lunches available depending on what type of meal you're interested in getting. The express lunch I believe is designed to have you in and out within 30 minutes, but please don't quote me on that and for a busy downtown worker bee like myself it's kind of idea.
4	OK, I am upgrading my rating for Habitat. When we first went here, almost two years ago to the day, they were working out their opening kinks. But now, they are a much smoother operation. I am a fan of the whole locally sourced commitment, and they have very interesting taste combinations. They also dabble in the whole molecular gastronomy thing, which is always fun.You know how sometimes hosts/hostesses can seem both solicitous and snobby at the same time? The host here seemed to walk that fine FINE line between seeming like he was used to dealing with high status clientele AND that he wasn't sure which class we should be categorized in. We were probably among the first diners that night, so maybe he hadn't gotten into the spirit of things yet, but I felt like I had been weighed, measured, and found wanting. That being said, he didn't do anything overtly to make me feel bad, but... anyway, just a heads up. But our actual server was incredibly gracious, and we enjoyed talking with him. We started with compressed watermelon with prosciutto, which was really divine. I haven't had watermelon in so long, and this was like a breath of fresh (spring/summer) air. Hubby had the burger, which was also quite good, and I went with the wild sea bass, which was excellent (and also about 3x more expensive than the burger... eh?!?! what is going on when wild caught fish is 3x more expensive than locally sourced grass fed beef?).  Overall, we really enjoyed Habitat. The service was nice, and the atmosphere wasn't as pretentious as it was last time. But, it was really expensive for what it was. That is, there are so many more options in Pittsburgh that give the same level of quality of food for less that it's hard to rationalize coming here. But if you are on an expense account and want to impress a client, by all means, Habitat is an excellent choice.
5	This was my first dining experience at Habitat. I had never actually hard of it, but based on Yelp reviews, and the quick online glance at the menu, we decided to go. We arrived at about 9:50 p.m. after finding out the restaurant closed at 10:30 p.m. There is always a risk when arriving so close to closing time that both service and quality will be lacking. Not the case at all. Service was terrific~attentive, informed about dishes and ingredients, and friendly. Atmosphere is slightly upscale, but not pretentious in the least. I felt completely comfortable in a tank top and simple, flowy skirt and my boyfriend in shorts and t shirt. The food was phenomonal! Many vegetarian options as well as seafood, red meat, and poultry. There are also enough options for a gluten-free meal, a vegan meal, a macrobiotic meal, a diabetic meal, a heart healthy meal.....and these combinations were easily accessible on the last page of the menu. Kitchen is completely open and there is a female chef (which won Habitat extra kudos in my book). Most ingredients are locally sourced and/or received from cage-free, grass fed, kind animal husbandry farming practices. It is on the expensive side (only water to drink and 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and a bowl of miso soup brought the bill to approximately $120). On this night, there was a live jazz band playing downstairs on first floor of hotel, and the music was a nice touch while eating. The dessert menu looked good enough to eat...but after such perfect portions, we were too full to indulge. That's why we are going back tomorrow :).
5	Hosted a small dinner party for my son, who graduated from CMU last month.  The food was amazing - all 14 people in our party raved - and the staff was so helpful.  I'd go there again, if I make it back to Pittsburgh for any reason.
4	My wife and I came here for her Birthday and enjoyed our meal greatly. The atmosphere is very modern with straight lines and dark colors.  The food was excellent, I had the local steak which was a little more medium rare then I prefer but melt in your mouth good. My wife had fish which she enjoyed and was very crispy exterior and perfectly cooked. It was a weeknight and the place seemed a touch understaffed so we waited for a bread a bit longer then I would of preferred, other then that excellent meal I would go back again!
3	DH & I decided to meet up for lunch here, a place we've been meaning to try for a while.  The space is gorgeous, and clean.  However I was surprised that the chairs looked old and were marked up everywhere for a relatively new restaurant/hotel.  The service was prompt and friendly, but the restaurant was mostly empty during peak lunch hours.  I wasn't surprised though, because the entrees are pricy for downtown overall.  I ordered the chicken paillard (served along with goat cheese, pine nuts, orange segments, and arugula, dressed with a oil), it tasted fresh, healthy, and but was average overall.  It lacked any depth of flavor.  We were served complementary bread with our meal which was paired with cold unflavored butter.  That was also quite surprising to me as restaurant of this caliber will typically serve a warmed whipped butter that has been flavored.  It was missing the mark on little details like these, that made our experience just average.  We might try it again for dinner, but we definitely won't be rushing back anytime soon.
4	I ate here this past Thursday evening with my girlfriend and her friend.  We decided to come here since it was Pittsburgh restaurant week and they were participating with a fixed price $30 3 course meal.  I had made reservations and when I arrived I was greeted with a welcome back and also a welcome to dinner for the first time.  Apparently they keep track of my open table account from which I make reservations which is both cool and creepy at the same time.The dinner for all 3 of us started out with the Lobster Bisque which we ordered in addition to the three course menu.  The bisque came out and had a nice orange color and was both creamy and delicious.  For my appetizer I decided to start off with the Pork Belly.  The pork belly came out on top of a bed of roasted corn puree with onions.  The meat was fatty and savory as expected with the puree adding some body to the appetizer while the onions provided a little of the needed tartness for the dish.  When eaten all together the whole dish tasted very good.  Even though I am generally not a big fish person I decided to have the pan roasted golden trout for my entree since my only other option on the price fixed menu was chicken thighs and I hate chicken on the bone more than fish.  The trout came with the skin on and was placed on top of a bed of purple potatoes, eggplant and collard greens all of which was surrounded by a circling of vinaigrette.  It was quite the beautiful dish visually.  I thought the the fish was decent with the standout portion of it being the skin which was crisped nicely and almost had the feel and taste of a potato chip.  The vegetables were also good, especially when combined with some of the added sauce.  My dessert was a dish that was appropriately named Strawberries n'at.  It consisted of a strawberry streusel bar topped with strawberry ice cream beside fresh strawberries with strawberry meringue shards.  I enjoyed it, especially with all of the different textures at play between the coldness of the ice cream, to the juiciness of the strawberries and the slightly crunchy meringue.  It ended up being a lot of strawberry by the end but I still happily cleaned my plate.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Granted I would not order the same meal but the chef clearly knows what he is doing and has enough whimsical and well thought out dishes that I would like to come back.
4	Overall, we really, really enjoyed our meal here.I'm not going to comment too much on the food specifically, as I understand it was the last week for the particular menu we had, so that wouldn't be terribly useful for future Yelpers.  However, I will say that everything I ate was perfectly executed, and the portions were generous. At this level of cooking, any criticism is just being nitpicky.  We were able to taste most of the dessert menu - definitely save room!The waitstaff was very well informed, helpful, and professional.  We didn't sit very near to the kitchen, which was fine with me because I think it could have been a bit distracting.  According to my Foursquare checkin, the frog water pitchers are for sale, though I didn't ask!We ate here for dinner, I'd like to try it for lunch sometime, I'd be interested in comparing.  Overall, I thought the value at this price level was really quite good and the food stands up to the other restaurants in Pittsburgh in its category.
3	Good spot for a hotel restaurant.  Solid food, the use local source products which is cool. The atmosphere is just not great but the kitchen is super clean and well maintained.  The dish I had,  halibut it just lacked taste and size.  I think many folks will like the place it's just not me.
4	I wanted to surprise my mum with a cool new restaurant for her birthday. I remember walking into the restaurant and  being  impressed with the coexistence of nature in the restaurant design.  The waitress was very friendly and helpful with our orders. I ordered a fresh squeezed watermelon juice and I ordered eggs benedict with smoked salmon and hollandaise. My mother ordered a spicy tuna burger with Wasabi mayonnaise, and pickled ginger. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal. I will return here again! Be sure to check it out too! It's located in the Fairmont Hotel in downtown.
3	My Partner In Cuisine (PIC) and I stopped into Habitat for a weekday lunch.  The restaurant itself is absolutely gorgeous with an open floor plan and cool decor.  I also liked the fact that it had an open kitchen (nothing to hide.)  I don't know about the dinner menu, but the lunch prices were actually much more affordable than I had expected when walking in and seeing the decor and clientele all dressed in suits and such.  The service was pretty decent, but not really exemplary.  The server was friendly and kept our water full, but it did take quite a while to place our order.  The PIC and I both ordered the preset lunch which came with a 1/2 pulled pork sandwich, soup, salad and individual pumpkin pie for $16.  For the most part, we enjoyed the food, but the pulled pork was dry/ bland and the salad was EXTREMELY mayonnaise-y - to the point where neither the PIC and I could take more than a few bites.  The crowning jewels were the butternut squash soup and the delicious pumpkin pie.I give Habitat three stars because while it was good, I would have expected much, much better.  The PIC and I will definitely be back - probably for dinner, but in the meantime I'll leave  the three stars in a holding pattern.
3	Make it 3.5 stars.  My wife and I shared a variety of dishes, including the roasted beets, smoked salmon, the trout entree and a side of lobster Mac and cheese.  I'll go from worst to first.  The lobster Mac was a disappointment. Way too many favors, which drowned out the flavor of the lobster.  Next comes the beets and the salmon.  Both tasty.  The salmon would have been superb if it wasn't for the dill and caper ice cream that came with the dish.  It tasted fine, but it was hard to reconcile the cold ice cream with the other warm ingredients in the dish.  The best dish was definitely the trout.  Never had a pan seared trout that good.  It was flaky and slightly crispy.  Perfectly done.  It was the highlight of the meal.  In general, we had a very nice experience and would return.  Was the food a little too "innovative" at the expense of letting the ingredients speak for themselves?  Maybe.
4	What a wonderful dining experience, top to bottom, start to finish. The restaurant itself looks beautiful and I love that their menu is local farm-to-table and seasonal. Additionally they have a special dietary restrictions menu, which made eating gluten-free very easy. The roasted beet salad was one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten and my husband enjoyed the smoked salmon. I took a bite and it was incredible. We both had the NY Strip as our entree and it was cooked perfectly and full of flavor. The mashed potatoes were so good I could have gone swimming in them. :)On top of delicious, fresh food, our waitress was super accommodating and very lovely. I would definitely come back here again the next time I am in Pittsburgh.
3	I finally made it there for dinner and I have to say that Habitat still holds at three stars.  While the service was impeccable, the food was overly ambitious.  For example, the warm salmon appetizer came with some kind of weird ice cream that made the dish completely unbalanced and the risotto was overly sweet rather than savory.  The main dishes were good, but the smoked salmon was extremely salty and the king crab pasta came with this 'splash' of black (squid ink to go with the calamari in the dish?) on the plate that was entirely unappetizing.  Yes, it was all tasty for the most part, but generally between the overly ambitious chef and the things the food being as pricey as it is, I'd have to pass on Habitat in the future.
5	I've eaten here twice now, and it was worth every penny.  Last night was the bibb salad, Lake Erie walleye, and German chocolate cake for dessert.  All equally delicious, prepared with the utmost care, and presented so beautifully I hesitated to dig in.  Attentive waitstaff, elegant decor.  Would be a great place for a very special night out.  Pittsburgh is one lucky city to have Habitat--a foodie's dream come true.
5	So we decided to go her for Valentine's Day, and I have one word.  Wow!  First off when the reservation was called in, we mentioned Vegetarian. They had prepared a special menu by the time we got there.   I loved it, everything about the place.  There was a piano playing in the lobby of the hotel that gave us music through dinner.  The food was out of this world good.  Now let's talk about desert.  Holy cow, it was the best i've had in the longest time.  The manager Gerry was really friendly and our server Nate knocked it out of the park.  Can't wait to go back!
4	I suppose it's fitting to pick Habitat for my 100th Yelp review, as--much like the amount of time I spend on the internet--it's an impressive accomplishment, while in many ways still a work in progress.I've been here thrice now, for a lunch, a dinner, and a holiday, and each time I've been quite happy with the experience.  The space is wonderful--classy and refined without being busy or pretentious--and no matter how crowded it gets, you never feel cramped.  The service has always been top-notch as well--polite, attentive and helpful.  Even little details (like the frog-shaped water pitchers designed just for the restaurant by some local artist).Of course, the most important part of any meal is the food, and they do it quite well here.  The kitchen works together to pursue a clear vision of locally sourced yet globally inspired cuisine.  But while some dishes are perfect (and true delights), not every item I've sampled has met the standard I'd expect.   A perfect balance of flavors, colors, ingredients, accents and even artistry is no easy trick, and unfortunately the execution doesn't always measure up to the idea.  Still, I always enjoy the experience, because even in the less successful dishes, there's a glimmer of potential and creativity that isn't easy to find in Pittsburgh (or for that matter a hotel restaurant).In my personal experience, the poultry is wonderful (I've enjoyed chicken, duck and turkey); the risottos range from good to great; the soups are usually good, though my first was so-so; fish and seafood can be a little hit-or-miss; beef and pork dishes have been very good; and the desserts are always an excellent way to finish any meal here.  The only category I wouldn't try again would be the salads.One thing worth noting, if you want to try Habitat without committing to the expense of a full dinner, they do a $16 "executive express" lunch during the week, which gives you four small courses--all served at once for expediency.  (That was my first experience there, and while the soup and salad were unimpressive, the sandwich and amazing dessert convinced me to come back--and I'm glad they did.)While I've had a mix of experiences, everything I've seen tells me the best is yet to come.  There's a lot of potential in Habitat, and I'll definitely be back to see what they accomplish.
3	J and I went before the ballet on a Friday - early.  We decided to get the prix fixe valentine's day special with consisted of an onion pancake with creme and smoked salmon - tiny and delicious; arugula salad - goat cheese might have been the best I have ever had in my life, but there were these little squares of what looked like white jello that I am still not sure what they were.  Interesting flavor though; he then had the king crab ravioli which he felt was too creamy and not crabby enough and I had the 14 ounce ribeye.  oh. my. god.  Hands down, best steak I have ever eaten - ever.  It was mouthwatering, flavorful and spiced perfectly.  It had a full head of roasted garlic on it which I was eating by the piece rather than rubbing it on the steak as intended.  However, the dessert course was highly lacking.  We got one of each choice - some chocolate raspberry heart and a strawberry galette.  I am not sure what either of them were.  The heart had little flavor, but the raspberry sauce was delicious.  The "galette" as they were calling it was a mish-mash of lemon and strawberry and goo that tasted like granola.  It was odd to say the least.  I would normally say that I would go back cause the steak was out of this world, but when out massive bill came, that pushed me to think this would not be a repeatable event.  Beautiful location though, highly attentive service (I agree with Rachel that the frog pitcher is adorable and I desperately want one) and the drinks were awesome (I had the raspberry fizz which was amazingly good and not too sweet).
5	Me and the hubby went to Habitat Saturday after a matinee show downtown.  We had never been here before.  It was absolutely fabulous and we are definitely fans!  It is a beautiful place with views of downtown Pittsburgh out every window.  We were seated and received prompt, excellent service.  Our waiter was attentive but not overly so.  It was just the right amount of service, not in our face constantly yet we always had a full glass.  We started with the Naan bread as an appetizer.  This comes with three kinds of spread.  The one was forgettable however the other two, we didn't need the third.  We very much liked the banana chutney, just the right amount of heat.  The hubby does not like hummus but I loved their's.  It was a black olive hummus (and I don't like black olives). Their hummus was perfection!  I chose the Scottish Salmon for my main course.  It comes with what I would describe as a brussell sprout salad.  The brussell sprouts were stemmed and incredibly tasty.  In this salad, so to speak, were chunks of smoked salmon - oh my goodness - I could eat this stuff by the pound.  It was smoked and had just the right amount of saltiness.  I also got a side of mashed potatoes, whipped up to a perfect consistancy (light and creamy and seasoned perfectly).  The hubby enjoyed the honey glazed duck for his main course.  We have never had duck that was so good.  It had a good smokey flavor to it and it was tender and juicy!  He also had a side of asparagus, we always love asparagus.  We had to try dessert too, of course.  I got the Tropical Oasis.  it was sweet and tart all at the same time.  It was, most certainly, a tropical oasis in a cup.  The hubby chose the German Chocolate cake, wow!  I am not a true coconut fan or a german chocolate cake fan but I would get theirs.  It was terrific.  The food was phenomenal and the wait service was impeccable.  We will certainly go there again!
5	This was my first time here. I found the decor very modern and upscale. Our waiter was extremely friendly and great with the recommendations. I am a creature of habit, but I wanted to eat outside the box. I usually order steak or pasta. I was eyeing the braised short ribs, but was unsure. However this was one of our waiters recommendations, so I ordered it with a side of Mac n cheese. The short ribs were off the bone and so tender that a knife was not required. The ribs were so moist and tasty and I wanted seconds. The pumpkin gnocchi  were also tasty and the Mac n cheese was creamy. One of the best meals I've had in awhile.
3	I found myself in Pittsburgh recently and in need of a place to meet a friend for lunch.  My friend suggested Habitat and, after checking out the menu, I was sold.  As others mentioned, the frog water pitchers are adorable and the service is fantastic.  Both my friend and I opted for the tuna burger, which was excellent - cooked to rare perfection and completely delicious.  My side salad was fine, but completely overdressed.  I managed to snag a few sweet potato fries from my friend, which were tasty as well.All in all, food and service would make this place a solid 4-star spot.  "Why the 3-star review then?" you ask.  Well, I'll tell you why.  I pulled out of the airport in my shiny new rental car at 12:45pm and did not end up sitting down until over an hour later.  For those of you keeping track, that was about 25-30 minutes of driving, and then another 30 minutes of looking for a place to park, since street parking is a joke and the hotel's garage was full.  After a while, I finally stumbled across a garage and walked the two blocks in the rain to the restaurant.  Here's a hint: if you want people to enjoy your restaurant, make sure there's a place they can park when they get there - they'll be much happier for it.
4	Went here for a Saturday brunch while in town for a wedding. Food was great but slightly overpriced and service was good, not great. Would recommend if you're looking for something a little more upscale and tasty but not if you're looking for something different or really outstanding.
3	The decoration and restaurant itself is very nice. I went for lunch and the food was just OK! But the service was very poor, which you don't expect for a place like this. They only had 2 servers, which made the service very slow. Also our waitress wasn't very friendly either.
5	The dinner at Habitat was for a 5 year wedding anniversary. My wife and I recently moved to Pittsburgh after having lived in larger, more established metropolitan areas like San Francisco and New York. So finding a great place to celebrate was tough at first. I must say, we were not disappointed. Everything was extraordinary. I am so thankful this is here for us in Pittsburgh.Upon making the reservations I did mention that this dinner was for a 5 year anniversary. I mentioned it for no real reason except that it was true. When we arrived the hostess immediately greeted us in a very friendly manner and congratulated us on our anniversary. We were a bit surprised (happily.) After being seated our waitress greeted us by name (Mr. and Mrs. Kitchen) and also congratulated us on 5 years together. She was very knowledgeable of the menu and the origin of the ingredients making up the meals. Zero stress was placed on us to rush an order or order any drinks. She was timely on water yet not over bearing on caring for our every need. She gave us space. The food  and the customer service is why I give this 5 stars. for two big reasons. 1) There was no need for the hostess, our waitress, the other staff an later the chef to congratulate us on our anniversary, but they did anyway. 2) The fact that the menu changes seasonally and uses local products was a huge plus. Knowing that the food we were eating is extremely fresh an well cared for only added to the experience. While we ate, the hotel lobby had a jazz band playing for the patrons at the bar. However, we got to enjoy in the music as well. As mentioned before the chef came out and greeted us and thanked us for dinning with them that night and presented us with a bag of cookies and pastry samples from the pastry chef. Everything was just above and beyond the needed actions.Over all when writing a review I want to put things into a measure of how your senses will enjoy the experience on a 1-10 scale.Sight: 8 (great decor, soft lighting and the open kitchen makes for fun visual effects)Hearing: 7 (the music down stairs adds a nice touch but it also isn't to loud that you cannot hear each other speak.)Taste: 10 (natural, local grown, excellently prepare food!)Touch: 4 (not much hear, but the mugs for coffee are Villeroy an Boch witch was fun)Smell: 6 (just enough of the food in the air without distracting you from enjoying everything else)I hope this method is helpful.
1	Went here last night for dinner and the service was excellent as always; however, the Ribeye was atrocious. It was easily the worst piece of meat I've ever had, akin to cutting leather with a butter knife. It was a local piece meat so they may have had something to do with it, but for $38 that is entirely unreasonable. I am not sure if the piece of meat was frozen prior to being cooked but I did see it come from a vacuum sealed bag since the kitchen is open.This restaurant used to be my go-to for breakfast, lunch and dinner downtown, but for the price and food quality, I can no longer recommend this establishment. Eleven or Bluebird cafe are much better bets in my opinion.
2	This place just isn't worth it.  I have tried lunch here on 3 or 4 occasions. Each time, I leave disappointed. The ambiance is modern and sort of cold, not warm & cozy. The  The service is excellent. But the food.... oh the food. It just isn't anything special. It's not bad, it's just not *good*. I've had several of the sandwiches, most of which involve their white cheddar. While it melts evenly, it has a gritty, spread-like texture that makes it messy instead of gooey. Their french fries are a huge disappointment, frozen or frozen-like blahness. Large serving, but in one of those paper-lined cones. Great presentation, but leaves the bottom half of the serving soggy. Chicken parm wrap was bland and boring. Soft drinks & iced tea are $4. Prices are sky high for what you get. I will only go here at someone else's request.
4	This restaurant is located inside of the new Fairmont Hotel, and has a nice upscale flair. Needless to say, the prices are a bit steep here, but the food seems to measure up.I got the buttermilk pancakes one time and the brunch buffet the other time. The buttermilk pancakes were very fluffy and delicious, however you only get four pancakes and maple syrup. I'd rather have them cut down on the number of pancakes and give me some fruits on the side. As for the buffet -- there were a few choices, but nothing that was super special or different. Think of a fancy American-style breakfast buffet with better ingredients.The mister got the bagel with lox and it was loaded with smoked salmon though -- he could only finish half of it. I was so jealous and wish I could get off my vegetarian diet sooner so I could munch on the extra smoked salmon!In other words, if you like meat and fish, the food would be great and the price wouldn't seem too bad, but if you happen to be vegetarian, you might have a tougher time justifying the cost (versus going to Pamela's).
3	This place is good, but not great.  I started off with the Frito misto.Chicken drummette, pork belly, homemade biscuit, summer vegetables, heirloom sauce.  The chicken was good, but the pork belly was cold.  The biscuit had very little flavor.  For the main course I had the Halibut.  The fish was perfectly cooked and the portion was huge.  To be honest it was twice the size it needed to be.  The fish was very good, but it was accompanied by a bunch of different beans...some warm some cold...it was too much beans and not a great flavor to the beans.   I ate all the fish and left about two thirds of the beans.   The service was very good and I liked the look and feel of the place.  I liked the open kitchen.  We were seated where we could watch them cook.
4	Absolutely the best service I have ever received at a Pittsburgh restaurant. A date and I enjoyed the lunch express--a soup (I had the excellent butternut squash soup with sour cream, date had potato leek soup), tomato salad with basil, sliced red onions, and capers, beef empanadas (yum!), and chocolate cake combination. When I had made reservations at the restaurant for this meal, I mentioned my date and I were celebrating her graduation. I never expected to receive a beautiful dessert platter of chocolate-dipped strawberries, blueberry tarts, and chocolate cake with 'Congratulations' written in chocolate. My date cried (I think). Habitat is a must experience when you're in town.
2	Salt must have been on back order.
3	This place is good, but not great.  I started off with the Frito misto.Chicken drummette, pork belly, homemade biscuit, summer vegetables, heirloom sauce.  The chicken was good, but the pork belly was cold.  The biscuit had very little flavor.  For the main course I had the Halibut.  The fish was perfectly cooked and the portion was huge.  To be honest it was twice the size it needed to be.  The fish was very good, but it was accompanied by a bunch of different beans...some warm some cold...it was too much beans and not a great flavor to the beans.   I ate all the fish and left about two thirds of the beans.   The service was very good and I liked the look and feel of the place.  I liked the open kitchen.  We were seated where we could watch them cook.This place is almost there... it would be good if they could just kick it up a bit...scale back the portion a bit and work on the accompaniments.
3	I tried this place out for restaurant week. Bottom line- this place has potential to be great, but there needs to be additional focus on the actual prep/cooking of the meal, and less on presentation. I would go back just for the white sweet potato soup though.Food: Everything looked pretty on the plates. The white sweet potato soup was to die for. The clover oil added something special to this soup. It was simple yet interesting enough for me to fall in love with it! I definitely recommend this appetizer. My main course however, wasn't as great. I ordered the braised pork shoulder. It had the potential to be simple and delicious, but the meat was sadly overcooked. This is not acceptable in an upscale restaurant. It was very tough, not what you would expect with braising. I wanted something that would melt in my mouth. The dessert was a deconstructed lemon cheesecake- good, but not good enough to make up for the pork problem. Drinks: We ordered the spicy hornito. It sounded great, a margarita rimmed with salt and pepper. It wasn't what I expected though, as it was way too sweet to be a quality margarita. Service:  The service was top notch. When the waiter asked about the drink, we told him it was too sweet, but we would drink it anyway (I felt bad complaining after already drinking half of it). He still acknowledged the disappointment and removed it from the bill.Atmosphere:  Very modern and on the upscale side, definitely feels like you are in a hotel with the carpeting. I enjoyed the open kitchen.
5	I was in Pittsburgh on business and met some friends from the area.  My friend suggested this spot. so we went in and put in our names.  The wait was pretty long, so we ended up sitting in the bar.  The bartender (who ended up being our waiter) was so friendly and helpful and their drink selection was wonderful.  We finally were seated a bit after the time they had told us.  The staff then went completely out of their way to ensure that our time there was an exceptional experience to make up for the delay.  Delicious food and drink, incredible staff and wonderful atmosphere!  The manager even came over to check on us a few times and was so helpful and friendly.  I would highly recommend this spot, especially if you are trying to impress clients or entertain friends!
2	These people are just screwups. Ordered the miso soup, listed on the menu as having tofu and scallions. No tofu or scallions, but tons of mushrooms. Also got the veggie burger which is listed with sweet potato fries, but no fries came with it. The only reason they get two stars is because it was a delicious veggie burger.
5	Arrived at Habitat 5 minutes before closing but you would not have known it.  Raj gave me the best of service.  I was impressed with him as he explained that he went to the Burns ranch where the beef comes from and explained all about the meat.  That was great!!  Now for the NY Strip steak, it was second only to Emerill Lagasse's in Orlando.  The texture of the steak was awesome and it was cooked to perfection  with roasted mushrooms.  I would highly recommend this restaurant!!No complaints whatsoever!!!
4	Good dinner, food was really good and service was prompt.
5	Just got back from breakfast and was there last night for dinner.  Both were exceptional meals.  For us it was "as good as it gets."  Some highlights from dinner - you've got to try the roasted beets - really unique & delicious.  The naan was all the more tasty having seen it made in the open kitchen.  The whitefish was succulent & juicy and VERY fresh and the pork chop was a generous 12 oz portion perfectly prepared. Our breakfast today was also a delight - called the "lifestyle breakfast entree" - the egg white omelet was heavenly but the side of cherry tomatoes roasted with garlic and onions was the best side in the morning.  So overall I would say this is a winner.  Locally sourced products, imaginative menu, beautiful venue, and pleasant service makes this worth a visit.
4	The family had the breakfest buffet and it had a great selection for all to like.  The cost was 25 per person.  Your options are limited on a Sunday morning.  I would do it again.  The service was good and my daughters omelette was very good also.  the fruits are very plentiful and a great addition to the bacon.
4	Very nice for vegetarians.  Little expensive bit great for special occasions.  Loved their fries.
3	Restaurant week is a time to explore new restaurants with mouth watering menus.   Our selection this season was Habitat.  The playing of our dishes was beautiful: modern style yet still making you want to dive right in.  I selected the salmon tartar as my appetizer, scallops for my main course,  and their ice cream pie for dessert. The tartar was a play on nachos.  Little chips with dollops of avocado and a small salad for texture.  I loved the tartar and avocado,  but this dish was incredibly salty.  The salad was inedible due to the salt quantity.  I drank lots of water and wine while awaiting my next dish. The scallops were cooked perfectly.  Played with a chips and sauce which also was incredibly salty.  I barely touched anything but the scallops.  Water again was my friend. Finally the desert - a take on a Dairy Queen ice cream cake.  The chocolate tasted a bit waxy, but the ice cream was tasty.  I enjoyed the chocolate covered pretzels, as well.  Thankfully there was no salt in this dish. I am willing to return the Habitat to explore their main menu.  Their presentation was nice and it seemed that they knew how to cook...  someone was just heavy handed with with the seasoning.  Perhaps next time I'll leave with more of a pleasant taste in my mouth... and not salt.
5	This place is awesome! Great food, quiet atmosphere. I'm a vegan and they had lots of options for me and my meat eating friends! This will definitely be a place to come back to whenever I'm in town! I had the naan bread, roasted cauliflower appetizer and the veggie burger! Yum!
5	If you want the entire spectrum from prime steak to macrobiotic salad this is the only serious choice in Pittsburgh...  Top quality ingredients, organic, sustainable, delicious!! The peach Old Fashioned is amazing!! Do it!!
4	I always recommend Habitat! The food is great, tasteful and clean! The service is almost perfect. Was here once for lunch when I was already sold on this place and dinner the other night was so good, we had the pork chop with blue cheese polenta, apple and pear and the Alaskan halibut. And for dessert shared the blueberries n'at. Also saw there was hemp icecream served with another dessert and asked for a sample, was very Interesting and delicious!!! Habitat is great!
3	The manager makes a fantastic gin martini.  The food is great but the atmosphere is just fine - better than what you find in most hotels.
5	Ate here after seeing an early show one weekend. The atmosphere was simple but elegant. The staff was helpful at recommending wine and entrees. Before dinner we had cocktails at the bar while waiting for our party to arrive.  I highly recommend the Golden Triangle Mojito. It has ginger infused rum, a refreshing and spicy twist which hits the spot.  For dinner I had the rack of lamb and my wife had the duck breast. Both dishes were expertly cooked, moist, and flavorful.  For dessert I had the strawberry fields which is an angel food cake. Light and sweet perfect portion size after having a satisfying dinner. Our whole table enjoyed the meal and the service. I recommend it without any reservations.
3	Food here is very good. My disappointment was in the main dish. I had the duck. I think it was overpriced at 34 especially that the fat was rendered properly over the duck breast. Service was a little slow too. But I did enjoy my carpaccio appetizer and the drink I had.
5	I really enjoyed this place.   It's probably the most fine dining feel of any place I have been, but it wasn't pretentious or stuffy at all.   I'll start at the beginning...Reservation online at Opentable - appreciate things that are easy.    We go up the elevator and are offered coat check - very welcome since it was wet and gross outside.    Our table is by the window with a great city view.   Water comes to the table in a really cute silver frog pitcher (which incidentally is crazy heavy - the servers get their workouts here).   Drink service was professional and prompt, with the added courtesy of wine by the glass being offered like bottle service.  They bring the open bottle, let you taste, and pour the glass, and take the bottle away.   Our drinks were reasonably priced given how fancy the restaurant was.   Then on to dinner.   We decided on naan as a first course and then two apps each since they all looked so good.  Our server knew without asking which dishes where meant to serve as the 2nd and 3rd courses.  The naan comes with three dipping sauces and is definitely a must have.   The beet salad, potato and vegetable terrine,  gnocchi, and risotto were all fantastic.  I'd order any of those again.   We skipped dessert, but I imagine it to be as amazing as the rest of the meal.  Overall, I couldn't find a flaw.  Our server was great.  She was friendly with a great personality and she appeared at just the right moments.   A winner for sure.
3	Have eaten here several times as a guest at the Fairmont. It's very well done, for the most part, and their regular menu has a nice array of quality options.That being said, I felt the $75 Christmas brunch fell quite short. The options were rather limited and a bit on the thin side.
