4	How does everyone not know about this place?I decided to try out based on Mona's review and I was completely shocked.  I happened to have my camera with me and I think I got a little camera happy because I knew that no one else would believe that something like this was at this location, and looked so amazingly nondescript from the outside.  From the outside, the only thing that sticks out in a "this might be a cool place" kind of way is the sign.  Industrial, but cool.  The rest we decided was more a stucco meets industrial look.  But once I opened the door.... wow!  Like the roller coasters that take your picture at just the right moment - there should be one for when you walk through the door.  Beautiful dark wood u-shaped bar with accents of diamond-plate in and behind the bar.  A few booths and tables around the edges of the room.  Several TV's in the bar, and a big flat one pointing out toward the pool table.  Beautiful stone accents along the entry wall that takes you out to the patio where those stone accents are carried over into the fireplace.  There is a good selection of outdoor furniture and a full BBQ that is often used during private parties.  It was really amazing.  Jasmine, our bartender was very friendly as were many of the patrons.  They all invited us to partake in the munchies (chips, dip, veggies) that was available on a side table.  Very hospitable.  The only reason it's a 4 star vs 5 is the neighborhood.  I can completely understand why a girl might not to walk into and out of this place alone at night.  Also, we had a few "interesting" walk-ins from outside.  They were good for conversations.One note, one of the guys I was talking with, Joe, mentioned that the only downfall to a guy like him in this place was the general lack of women.  He said while he loves the place and always has a good time, well, let's just say there might have been a reason that I and my blond friend were getting some extra attention.  So ladies, feel like getting flirted with for a few hours?  Go by and say hello.  And if you're cute, ask for a guy named Joe.
4	"It looks shady outside but trust me--It's fabulous inside!"  When a friend guarantees 'fabulous' who can resist?So, after taking 17S (when I shoulda taken the 17N) from the 10 and showing up 20 mins late, I'm irritable b/c it's blazin hot outside, I've wasted gas, and the skepticism starts to set in, as I pull into the small parking lot next to what looks like an abandon 3-story motel.  The front door is unmarked and fashioned out of the metal commonly seen on tool boxes embedded in pick up trucks.  For all I knew, it was the service entrance and after wandering to the Grand Avenue side, where I assumed the front door was located, I return to the shiny metal door.The door flies open and I step into a swank little place with a beautiful mahogany bar, flat paneled screens, and various paintings on the wall.  My friend introduces me to Renee, (the owner) and in an instant I go from being the 'new' person to feeling like a regular.  At one point in the evening, the generous man seated next to me, buys everyone at the bar a shot and we all toast to making new friends.  Before the night is over, I sing back up with another regular, while my friend takes lead vocals on a song during karaoke.This is the kinda bar where the patrons make you feel like an old friend and you don't have to worry about dress code or obnoxious aholes.  The crowd is a mix of couples & singles, twenty-something's and older folks that just want to hang out and relax.  I didn't go outside but noticed a pleasant looking patio with misters.Happy hour is technically from 4-6PM but the drink prices are so modest, it's a non-issue.  They also host various events during the wk.  Wednesday is karaoke night, Thursday live bands play and Fridays there's a DJ.  I absolutely adore this place and agree with my friend--it IS fabulous!(4 stars only b/c the bathroom accomodates 1 person @ a time)
4	OMG 6 rolls of toilet paper in the ladies' room!  All unwrapped, on really nice wooden bars.  That's huge, boys.  Huge!I love the front door - it's metal and shiny and heavy.  This actually is used throughout the decor of the place.  Don't be fooled by the 'hood it's in.  Once you get inside, it's a different world.The center of the room is a U-shaped bar, like it should be!  On the far wall are a couple booths and high-top tables.A really long table is on the right, when you enter, and it's also got that steel-thingy going on.The bathroom is HUGE.  It's only for one.  They never run out of toilet paper!  *Shameless self-promotion warning*We do comedy here every Monday night.  It's $5.  Half the door goes to the winning comic.
4	The Grand Avenue Tavern is on the corner of Grand Avenue and 24th Avenue, an intersection in an area that is dotted with industrial warehouses, auto repair shops, and strip clubs. This particular building is right up against a very seedy looking motel that advertises singles starting at just $29.95. (What a steal!) As other reviewers have already said, you would definitely not expect to find a sleek, clean, and modern bar in this spot. But in many ways this place's unexpected style is part of its charm. When we walked in, we found ourselves in a really dimly lit room that looked like just another dive bar, and we wondered whether all the Yelpers who raved about how classy these place was despite the locale had been talking about a different place! However, once we sat down at the U-shaped bar and our eyes adjusted, we observed all the details that really make this place stand out from the crowd - beautiful glass storage for liquor bottles, a sleek mahogany tone to the bar counter, sleek flat-screen TVs that were built into the bar cabinetry, and plentiful seating. The bartender who took our drink order was efficient and friendly, and the drinks (only $4 during happy hour) were nice and strong. The only downside was the DJ was playing the music so loudly that we couldn't hear each other talk, so we decided to check out the outside patio. We were so glad we did because the patio was even nicer than the inside of the bar. The ground was covered in Mediterranean pavers, and there were plenty of nice-looking and comfortable outdoor furniture sets. There was also a canopy over the space, as well as misters, to keep things cool. We sat on a L-shaped couch in the corner and enjoyed the rest of our drinks. Because the furniture was oriented to allow for individual groups/couples to carve out separate areas within the space, we were able to talk and hear each other, while still enjoying the bar ambience. I really appreciate the fact that the bar owner took the time to create such a nice outdoor space and therefore provide an alternative to the noisy bar area. I noticed on the bar's website that they have karaoke on Wednesday nights, so we will have to go back to check that out. Since we live on the Phoenix/Laveen border, this location is convenient for us and may just become a regular spot.
4	So I ventured out last evening to try something new with a favorite boy of mine and based on the reviews I read, we decided on Grand Avenue Tavern. It did not disappoint!! The drinks were good and strong (like I like) and reasonably priced. The bar is actually quite cozy in a "really nice east coast basement bar" kinda way. It seemed to be a fairly mellow night, everyone enjoying themselves. The one thing that really put a smile on my face was that we went out front to smoke...... (yes, I smoke when I drink sometimes and I don't wanna hear shit about it, okay mom....) and the owner, Renee came out, introduced herself to us and kinda took us on a little tour of the place. (patio etc.)  She was extremely gracious and sweet and you could tell she really put her all into this bar. (plus, I'm sure with how nice this place is on the inside she didn't want us standing out front smokin' our stogies like a couple of hood rats).Based on my first experience, I will be back. Probably alot. Maybe every night. So if you see me in there come say hi... say hi to the owner too, awesome lady.
5	I wish 6 stars was an option for places like this. Awesome decor - gorgeous cherry wood mixed with shiny diamond-plate steel everywhere, comfy and relaxing patio furniture on the patio, comfy bar stools, and even a beautiful bathroom! Friendly patrons and super friendly staff! Our first visit there on a Tuesday afternoon one of the regulars bought my husband and I both a drink, the bartender chatted us up for awhile and really made us feel welcome, and the owner (Renee) made a point of coming over, shaking our hands, and introducing herself. I have never, ever felt so welcome at a bar before. Renee let us know that she has open-mic nights, as well as full bands playing regularly. She has been in and around music for many years and we even had an opportunity to hear one of her songs during our short visit! I'm so sad that I didn't venture into this place long before my departure from Phoenix. Despite this place not being walking or short-bike-riding distance from home, I would have made a point of cabbing it for the pleasure of hanging out here for real.
5	How positively onanistic to review an event with my screen name for the Century Club posting: The Blue Ribbon Bacon Tour. Divine! Hosted by Renee's Grand Avenue Tavern, catered by Bacon, the Scottsdale restaurant curiously attributed to my screen name, and with bacon provided by Vande Rose Farms, this was an amazing event at an amazing venue. Once I was able to think about things non-bacon (bacon pinwheels, BLTs, bacon cookies, plates spilling over with bacon) I was able to register how warm, friendly and groovy the staff are here. In my bacon aficionado club, I was in heaven. Honestly, I really don't have a clue how much bacon I ate tonight. All I know is, it was good. All of it! And Heather Lauer, author of "Bacon: A Love Story" and hostess for tonight's event, was truly a spectacular person. (Shhh...don't tell anyone. She gave me a heaping plate of bacon to take home. I just snacked on some, which is why my keyboard is presently slippery.) I just can't wait to identify with her book!. Understand that it's very hard for me to focus on this review, as my eye is constantly drawn back to that plate of bacon. Hold on... Oh yes, come to papa! Alright, now that that's over, on to more pressing issues: GAT is honestly one of those places that shines through all the grit that surrounds it. Some think Grand Avenue is something less than classy. I think establishments like GAT represent all that is possible with any given area. Posted outside the bar is their Zero Tolerance Policy, which included fights, vandalism and other acts unbecoming of civilized persons. There are daily specials/events that are updated on their website.
5	Who came up with these crazy angled streets out in the avenues?After driving around in a couple of circles trying to figure out how to make a left turn onto Grand Avenue, I finally made it here tonight. I went with the #dtfn crew on the recommendation of cenpho.com, and wow was I impressed. As the other reviewers have noted, it is in a shady neighborhood and the exterior isn't much to look at, but the interior decor and atmosphere is stunning. They had a live DJ spinning great tunes and they have Blue Moon on tap, which is always a plus for me. There is a very industrial-chic updated interior and a huge bar with more servers than you could ever possibly need. Service was prompt, the outside patio area was great, and the vibe is awesome. You should definitely make the trip out west to check out this great spot--sure to become a new phoenix classic.
4	I really like this place.  It's a surprising oasis of cool in the midst of a scary industrial part of town - strip clubs, auto repair, industrial industrial industrial.   At first I thought it was part of the Grand Avenue art scene, but I hadn't paid enough attention to the address - it's waaay north/west of the art scene downtown, even northwest of the Madhouse on McDowell - 24th avenue & Grand.   Yikes! I attended an event organized by CenPho.com peeps together with the Downtown Friday Nights crew, and they had some AMAZING deals on drinks.  They have a nice misted patio, with comfy furniture.  The interior decor is almost over-the-top when you consider the barbed wire and boring stucco exterior of the place. The bar staff was superfriendly and I too met Renee, the owner, who introduced herself. Great place.  I deduct a star because the location is too far north west for my taste; and, oddly, there was a bathroom attendant after a certain point in the evening.   So instead of going in the oversized and attractively decorated "onesie" ladies room and locking the door behind me, a woman was sitting on a chair with the door to the bathroom propped open.  I was instructed to enter, and then enclose myself within the toilet area by dropping a heavy red velvet curtain around myself. I felt a little like Alice in Wonderland at that point in the evening.  Time to go home!
4	The Grand Avenue Tavern is a gem in the middle of an industrial wasteland.  Don't be fooled by the location or exterior of the building, as once you step inside, you'll be transported into an urban oasis.GAT is a cross between a local pub and a trendy nightclub.  Pub wise, they have all the requisites: a long bar with comfy stools, friendly bartenders who remember you name, and a decent beer select, including Blue Moon and Guinness.  The nightclub vibe comes from the sleek cherry wood and polished steel decor and the DJ spinning tracks.  If the interior is an urban oasis, the outdoor patio is an Mediterranean sanctuary.  Complete with shade sails and misters, it is a great place to hang out, even on a hot summer night.  For those venturing here in the cooler months, they have a huge fireplace to help keep you warm.
5	DO NOT JUDGE A BOOK BY IT'S COVER!So a friend invited me to karaoke here. I had never heard of it before, but when she gave me the address my first thought was "Screw that! I'm not going to a bar in that area!" But I forced myself to go anyway. It had been a long week and I needed a drink. So I find this place and again thought "Screw this, I'm outta here!"Its right behind the (SL)EZ-In Motel and in a very industrial kinda scary part of town that I drive through every day to and from work.I had actually seen the bar hundreds of times before and was never compelled to stop in.That said, I am SO glad I forced myself to go. The area of town it's in isn't the best and looks rather shady. This is proof as to just how looks really are deceiving! The area was quiet and safe. The inside of the bar was spotless. It was clean, warm and inviting. I met Renee and one of her staff (or business partner maybe, not sure) Desiree (please tell me I got her name right!) They both are so friendly and welcoming. They shook my hand, remembered my name, made small talk with me. It was great!  I definitely felt like I belonged. The people singing karaoke were really good too. I was expecting something reminiscent of Cameron Diaz in My Best Friend's Wedding but I was wrong. Listening to them, you almost forgot you were listening to an amateur performing at a karaoke night. They were a pleasure to listen to! And the man performing MC Hammer's Can't Touch This was hilarious!!! The DJ was great too. apparently it was his first time and I never would have known. He seemed very comfortable and had a great personality. I would have stayed longer, but I was hungry and needed to eat before I wasn't able to drive myself home. Definitely planning a trip back!
4	I went to this place on back to back weekends and had a blast each time.  As Lucas R. states, don't judge this place by the outside, it's quite nice inside and there seems to be a good crowd on the weekends.  Rene and Will (Mother and Son) have fun doing what they do and always treat you great.  The location isn't all that great, but not once did I have that scary movie feeling, I was totally comfortable and so was my girlfriend.
