1	I got stuck going to this restaurant one night, and could tell just by looking at the menu it would suck. To minimize the damage, I tried to pick the item off the menu the kitchen could least screw up - the spaghetti and meatballs. Boy, was I wrong. It was still a disaster. It tasted like cafeteria spaghetti and meatballs, and the taste of the meat sauce was so terrible I slogged through it bite by bite just to eat something. I still left half of it.The best thing about this place is the advertised special of steak, salad, beans, fries, and a beer for $10. That in itself isn't the best thing; the best thing is that the ad for it says, "The price makes it good." That has to be the worst tagline ever. Talk about not inspiring confidence in the taste of the food.
4	We ate breakfast here and aside from the slow people serving you and clearing the tables, it wasn't too bad.I had the pleasure of having a club breakfast, which included 2 eggs your choice, bacon, sausage or patty, and then toast.  The orange juice was pretty damn good too...
4	i just read several reviews on this place and i felt i had to write my own because most that have reviewed this place ...THEY JUST DON'T GET IT !!!  It's a 24 hour coffee shop at a local casino...what the hell do people expect...it's a cut above denny's...and yes ...it is a cut above denny's ...it's at it's best late nite / graveyard...they have some $2.25 or so breakfast specials that are decent...$4.00 steak special...also ok for what you get.  no...it is not mainly chinese food - do they have a chinese menu ...yes...why...the casino caters to asian customers and when PPP closes, you need to keep the customers happy....the noodle soups are decent....personally, i feel it's one of the better 24 hour casino coffee shops out there and i've eaten at most
2	My boyfriend and I always end up here when we are at the gold coast. It tends to be where all of our friends want to go when we're there for VLV. I don't know why. The service is slow but the food good. It's about one step up from Denny's.  I would only go here if I'm already in the casino.
