4	There's only one reason I go here. Pillows. They have the only side sleeper pillows I've found that don't suck and don't break down after 2 weeks. If you're into window treatments, a few overpriced towels, and other odds and ends to try and decorate your house like it's getting ready for a magazine shoot this is also your place. But for me it's all about good pillows. Life is too short to be miserable from a lack of sleep and Anna's has what I need. (And no I'm not talking about the down filled pillows that cost $2 more and don't hold up). Thank you Anna's for helping me to get a good night's sleep and have one less reason to be grumpy. I can let crappy lunches at Due Forni and Lotus of Siam make me grumpy instead.
5	I love this store the staff are helpful and kind. Yes the store is clean and the prices are on point :)
3	Always been a fan of Anna's (Ha! That's the name of their loyalty program now!). I shop here frequently for items to beautify my home. Over the years, other places have popped up and I will not name them here out of respect, that are seriously beating them in the price category. For example, I bought two contour pillows from here for $19.99 each and days later, found the exact same pillows (company and all) at another favorite store of mine for $7.99 each!!! Argh, I was so mad! Had I have not slept on them already, I would have immediately returned!!Overall, they have some really nice items in this store. I have decorated at least 40% of my home with Anna's fashions. Their quality cannot be beat. But, and I don't know if it is just me, it appears some of their items are priced higher than I remember. I am not a cheap-skate in any fashion of the word, but I love a good deal, and this is why I shopped Anna's in the first place. But lately, I've been finding either the same items or comparable items in other stores for a fraction of their cost.
3	This place is just your avg linen store. Thryve got a large selection of curtains but the longest they carry are 95" and of course we need longer than that. I did score some place mats on clearance for .50 :) They've got a little As Seen On TV section and that's about the highlight of that trip.Friendly workers,  clean & organized store.
