1	I was completely taken advantage of!!  After being told that included in the $1800.00 Viking Sewing/Embroidery machine I purchased was all software needed to accomplish my objectives, NOPE!  That will be another $700-$800.  I really relied on their expertise in getting me started and now find myself with a machine that is basically worthless since it is unable to do the things I specifically told them I needed!  I now find myself needing to spend and additional 700-800 which was NEVER communicated to me.  NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!
5	Eager to learn the basics of sewing I signed up for a class. Savi (the owner) is *awesome*. She explains each step with patience of ... well, someone who can talk to a complete idiot. Turns out I have no skill in the fine art of sewing. (Yes, I'm that bad.) However, I loved my introduction to sewing class so much I signed up for the series. (Saving myself $10. The 3 discounted classes are $95.) Classes run about two hours. If you have a machine you can learn on that. However, I opted to learn using one of Savi's machines. (I'm not entirely sure what brand or style I'd like to purchase quite yet.) My first class was on a mechanical machine, second with a digital interface that performs magic. The store carries a number of brands so you can try different things out. There are tons of things I liked about the class. Highlights:+ Small size (4 ppl max)+ Super enthusiastic teachers+ Fun vibe+ No strong sell to purchase a machine (or further classes)Yep. That's right. A visit here isn't like buying a car. It's very entertaining and you'll want to go back. Obviously this is a sewing store. They sell machines, fabric, zippers, scissors mwah mwah mwah things you need to be very crafty.So the sewing. + 1st class: Basic instruction on a machine. How to thread needles, buy them, fabric basics, rolling a bobbin, thread basics and getting comfortable with a machine.+ 2nd class: Creating a zipper bag+ 3rd class: Creating something from a pattern (which you purchase separately and provide fabric)If you haven't ever sewn this place rocks! If you're an experienced sewer there are project classes you can join. (Open sew sessions, serger use, creating dolls, placemats, costumes,  BBQ mitts, and so on.) Neat place, I really like it!
5	Savi is the best! After getting a new machine for Christmas, I took a class (back home in Texas) that was absolutely terrible. I was nervous to try sewing again, but Savi was so welcoming and made me feel right at home. The very first class is based around sewing a pillowcase, which helped me feel accomplished because I actually had something to show at the end. Even though it wasn't perfect, she was able to show me how to make adjustments without making me feel stupid. I took a few more classes at Sewing Nuts, and was equally as impressed. It's a very clean shop with lot of fabric options and the classes are typically very small. Would recommend to anyone starting out!
5	Savi the owner is such a great, positive, patient teacher! I feel like I am at home. Never a rush and lot's of good company, tea and treats too! I have never sewed before. I am on class three and feeling accomplished! Never any pressure to buy anything either. Very thoughtful, laid back, personable, and sweet. Savi is adding a whole tea bar to her place...so it only gets better!  I am definitely going to make this my hangout spot.
4	Took an intro to sewing class with my gf. 2 hour course from 10am-12pm and it was very informative, without overloading you. The instructor was nice, courteous, and smart in the trade. she spoke at a good pace, and made it fun.Well stocked with items and supplies of you need anything sewing related. One small bathroom in the back. Has a funny sign in there- I won't spoil it for you, but make sure you go check it out...
5	Good deal! I brought two kitchen aprons to personalize with names and short phrases and Savi, the lady at the store, did a wonderful job! She was attentive and meticulous with all my directions and I had my aprons ready in two days, just before Christmas! The price also was really fair. I'm totally satisfied and I think I'll come back for any sewing work. :-)
