4	Came here the other day trying to find a new bed set but had no luck. Prices on certain things are just through the roof and ridiculous. On the other hand Bed Bath and Beyond does have a huge selection of everything you need for you home. MANY choices of bathroom sets and kitchen supplies. My boyfriend was trying to find gray and forest green towels for his bathroom and we went to a dozen places only to find them here. While Target and others only offer in season colors with a few basics I think Bed Bath and Beyond has every color towel imaginable! They usually send 20% off coupons in the mail and through the Sunday ads of the AZ Repub. Will come in handy with those prices!
4	Customer service is always top notch - returns always easy, greeters always helpful.  I have never had a problem using 2,3, 4 or even 5 coupons for 20% off or their $5 off discounts either.  Great clearnace, good end of season sales, amazing selection of colors for bedroom or bathoom.  Excellent space savers & container suggestions for clutter.Love their glassware like Ridel & Elisch & Mikasa stemware.
4	while I didn't purchase anything here the service was super fantastic!   I was looking for a specific item that they did not have, the lady that helped me out spent about 10 minutes looking online to help me find someone locally that might have it.    Thank you and well done folks!
4	Very nice experience. I went to get a new set up for the bathroom- shower curtain, trash can, rug, towels etc...they only had the curtain and the trash can but they ordered the rest for me- no charge for shipping and I even got 20% off! YAY!
5	use you coupons! they never expire!
3	...they only offer 20% off because their prices are marked up 25% from nearly everywhere else.  Shop the clearance to get some deals, otherwise not much found here can't be found at Kohl's, Wal-mart, or one of the major department stores for less.
4	Who doesn't love the 20% off coupons. Best marketing strategy ever! Whether expired or in multiples, the cashier always takes them with a smile and never with hesitancy. The employees, in general, are always friendly and willing to help. On my last visit to B B & B I noticed a section of the store that usually sold artwork and garden decorations has now morphed into a small drug store dubbed the "beauty and wellness section" offering toothpaste and other toiletries I am not familiar with seeing at this store.. While I have never purchased bedding from here (I think some items are marked up to allow for the 20% off coupon) my two bathrooms are elegantly decorated thanks to Bed Bath & Beyond.
4	Well I learned something very interesting today that may cause me to frequent this locale more often in the future. The 20% coupons that we are ALWAYS receiving in the mail......DON'T EVER EXPIRE. The manager was talking to a customer today and she informed her that while the coupons do have expiration dates on them.....DO NOT THROW THEM AWAY. You can also use multiple coupons as well for the same item.....which can add up to some pretty good savings especially for BIG TICKET items. I don't think you will save much on other items in the store because they do mark things up pretty good....so even with the discount savings you would probably come out better at another department store. The store is very large.....great selection....awesome staff.....and has outstanding customer service. The store is very neat.....clean....well lit.....and organized. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	Soooooo... I'm at "Bed, Bath, and Beyond" in Paradise Valley picking up items for a trip to Texas. I ask the associate who works there where I might find "Black Hair Care Products." She walks up and down five aisles and is unable to locate products for Black hair.  She calls another associate who also walks up and down the same aisles and is also unable to find anything for my hair.  As embarrassed as I was, the expression on both of these women's faces was heartbreaking for me because they both had to acknowledge that there was nothing for my hair on the shelves. Graciously they call their manager, Bryan, who walks over to me and says, "We used to have a whole row of product for that kind of hair but no longer carry anything for Black hair. Not enough is sold so we discontinued selling the product. "I know that not everyone will  understand why this HURTS my heart, but in "2013"  for someone to tell me that "Black people" are not worth a space on a shelf speaks volumes about why we as a country can't move forward!  I have friends and family members from every race, creed, and walk of life and  am completely enraged at what I just had to face.  I do not know anyone more culturally sensitive then I am and find myself frustrated that the gentleman that I just spoke to could not understand why I was so upset.  The moral of this story, forgive but never forget that we have a long way to go.
5	Wow! The customer service I only minutes ago received forced me to use the new posting via mobile option. Every one of the employees we came in contact with was amazing. They knew their departments, helped in others and if they weren't sure made sure someone who did know was available. The manager, Todd, even though he was not a gift wrap aficionado, went and found the perfect box for our needs. The lead? Of the fragrance and future food and wine area just happens to be a former wedding planner and not only helped us wrap (read, did it for me) but seemed to enjoy it. Amazing. I wish I lived here, or they ran my local store because leaving them will hurt. Go here people.
5	Bed Bath and Beyond stands out as the place to go when you're dressing up your bedroom, bathroom, and beyondroom. We like it so much that we put it on our wedding registry. I give this location 5 stars because it's simply the best BBB I've ever been to. What's so great about this location? 1. An integrated Cost Plus World Market with huge assortment of specialty foods and beverages. On certain days, they've got mimosa samples.2. Amazing customer service. We really felt welcome. They even did a great job of helping us with an online-order return. 3. A special post-wedding discount for couples with a registry. Basically, you go in, they'll print off your registry, and give you a discount on your total purchase that day. There was even a continental breakfast for those who showed up for the occasion. I don't know how often they do this, but it's a tremendous idea. Come on, it's Bed Bath and Beyond! And, I'm a shameless fan.
5	This Bed Bath and Beyond keeps getting better they already had a personal care and beauty section; now they added a World Market food section. This new food section is bigger than the food section in a regular World Market store, with wine and beer along with all the gourmet foods you usually find in the standard stores.
