2	I am so tired of this baskin robbins location that I am taking the time to warn others... This is the worst baskin robbins I've been to. They don't answer the phone, they won't take an order unless they have 2 days to fill it and after firing nearly the entire staff a year or so ago it has gotten no better. I think the ownership of the Ahwatukee location has much to do with the problems Sad, we now drive into Tempe @ Guadalupe and McClintock when we need a pie or cake and have never had any issues. After trying to get hold of the Ahwatukee branch today for an hour with no success I called the Tempe BR to order a cake for tomorrow night and they were more than happy to do it for us. Time for a drive to Tempe...
4	I don't know why, but when I get a migraine (sadly, that's sorta often) ice cream helps dull the pain.  I'm really not a huge ice cream fan, but like I said when my head is pounding, ice cream is a great non-narcotic pain releiver.  So I had a migraine this particular day and I came in to get a scoop of Daquri Ice and the young man behind the counter was just so friendly and helpful.  He really was awesome.  While I was there I decided to pick up a couple of pints for my freezer for later, and I am glad I did since I definitely needed them!
4	I had not been to a Baskin Robbins in a very long time. But, we came here one day just because of that.31 flavors,it always reminds me of Ferris B.It is clean in here which is a plus. The girls here are working hard. On this visit we both got the sundays. Two scoops of Ice Cream with Hot fudge and nuts. We both declined the whpped cream.  Chocolate with Peanut Butter for T, for me bubble gum with Rocky Road.They were great!   After that, I signed up for the Birthday club. Just get on line and sign up. They will send you a coupon for your big day for a free Ice Cream cone! Yes!!Also a great place to get an Ice Cream Cake, a little something different.
5	Went there with three kids. The service was excellent. The ice cream was great and the kids had fun choosing from the many delicious flavors and treats.
5	Came in to get a little snack and ended up getting a good deal too! (Celebrate 31) the place is fairly clean and the staff is super nice!! I was told to have a scooper day. Haha how fun!! Good job guys good job!! :)
5	best root beer float ever!..this place is in the process of a remodel and i love the new modern look.  they have also done a few cakes and pies for me which were always a hit with my family.
4	This is a great place for ice cream or just desert in general. I have been here many times, and they are always friendly, the ice cream is always plentiful and delicious, and it's a clean, modern place so you can bring the kids or family or whatever, and feel good about it.Here is my personal recommendation: Get an Oreo ice cream sandwich. This is Oreo ice cream in between two giant Oreos. It's kind of a mess to eat, but they give you a cup with it so you can catch your crumbs and eat them at the end. It's delicious. I could eat 4 of these things except I'm not a freakin' pig!
5	Only $1 for kid sized scoops on Tuesday nights!  Everyone gets ice cream and I'm the best mom ever.
