5	Outstanding experience.  Great food and ambiance and the food presentation ws also great.  The wine list is lacking in great Italian wine.  Many of the wine prices are unreasonibly high.  Monsanto $60, with a wholesale of +-$15, Antinori Santa Cristina $60, with a wholesale of under $10 and can be purchased online for under $10 at the wine library.
2	Checked this place out for AZ Restaurant Week because the menu they were offering sounded terrific. I felt a little guilty after finding out it was in Digestif's old location, but decided not to hold that against them. The service was very accommodating and the ambiance was great. Onto the food... they brought out a terrific aoli for dipping bread; however, the bread plate only contained 2 little rolls and we were never offered any more. First course we shared both the calamaretti and caprese. We were a bit shocked to find the calamari coming out looking like a giant stuffed shell! It was tasty, but I expected more prosciutto than ricotta; the stuffing was basically a thin cream with bits of prosciutto and thyme for flavor. It certainly didn't pair well with the Cabernet, the thyme and tomatoes brought out much too much acid in the wine. The caprese was good, with excellent balsamic touches, but the tomato wasn't what I would consider ripe. Overall the first course was a nice presentation and tasted fine, but a disappointment from the descriptions.Main course was the braised lamb shank/osso bucco. With 2 giant shanks, it looked fabulous. The meat was tender enough, but the flavors of the dish just weren't very good. Here I found myself staring at a decadent dish that tasted like mom's old pot-roast. The risotto underneath didn't even work well, but perhaps it was all caused by what I would consider a poorly executed wine sauce on the lamb and surrounding the dish. My friend had the Gamberri Angelotti Alla Carbonera that looked like seafood in a bowl of cream. Very little pasta, but she said the flavors were good.Dessert was a standard lava cake that was presented very beautifully. The best part was likely the light strawberry sauce provided on the plate to complement the rich chocolate. All in all, the experience was exactly what Restaurant Week is meant for; try out various dishes at local restaurants for a great price and determine which ones you'd want to go back to with a fuller wallet. With so many other great restaurants out there offering amazing flavors and freshness, this one just didn't make my cut.
3	Myself and two of my friends decided to check out Tutto for Restaurant week as the menu sounded very promising plus they offered a glass of wine with the meal. SOLD We were able to sit outside which was really nice. The inside was great but very empty for a Friday night, but then again the weather was really nice so most patrons were outdoors. The host was really nice as my party was running a few minutes late and as soon as I mentioned their name, he already knew who I was an informed me that they had called and would be arriving shortly. Kudos for that. The waiter we had outside, I never did get his name and although he was nice enough, his smile never reached his eyes. Just a random thing I noticed but anyway, on to the food. For the appetizer I ordered the Cozze Alla Sambuca - Braised Black Mussels and it was ok. Lots of tomato sauce and plenty of mussels, but I wish I would have had some more bread to dip in the sauce as it was alot. It was missing something, but I couldn't quite put my finger on what it was. For my main course, I ordered the Agnello Osso Bucco and it came out with two huge shanks which was nice and the meat was very tender, but get this, it actually needed a little salt, which is odd to me because I RARELY ever add salt to anything. So for me to say it needed salt was HUGE! The Risotto was nice and creamy and I actually wished I had more of it, but alas, I saved one of the shanks for lunch the next day because I had to save room for dessert. I ordered the Creme Brulee which was not on the menu, but the waiter suggested it as he stated the chocolate molten lava cake could be hit or miss during restaurant week because it is a popular item and they tend to make a few ahead of time just in case. I took him up on his offer as I had already had my chocolate fix at another restaurant that week and I figured I needed to try something else. The creme brulee was good and had very minty taste. It was actually very refreshing and glad I chose it. My friends both had the Caprese Salad and the Gamberri Angelotti Alla Carbonera for their appetizers and main course but one chose the Tiramisu and another chose Chocolate Molten Cake. They both enjoyed their meals very much but they did say the that the pasta dish they had was really rich. I was able to taste a little and I must say it was good and very rich indeed. Their desserts were both really good as well and my friends molten lava cake came out just right. I am not a fan of Tiramisu but the presentation of the dessert was very different to say the least. All in all the company I was in was great, the wine was good, and the food was ok. I was happy that I was able to try this place out during restaurant week and I may give it another try someday.
4	A couple of weeks ago, my wife and I were planning to head to Mexico on vacation, and had a connecting flight through Philadelphia.This doesn't quite explain how we ended up at dinner in Scottsdale.Well, partially.  Due to depart on 12/20, I was packing the day before while scanning channels, and saw a nasty, snowy video on the weather channel.Philly.  Expecting their biggest 2-day snow accumulation since 1909.  Needless to say, we were going to have to find other options to Mexico, which brings us to our one-day delay and visit to Tutto in Scottsdale.Just a few days before Xmas, we picked the place out because of its huge outdoor patio.  We started ordering things, and started liking what we saw.  The food was (with one small exception) very tasty and impressed us. (one of our group is very Italian, and a very good cook, and SHE liked the Italian there... not an easy feat)The service was... simply flawless.  Might've had something to do with the fact that it was a couple of days before Xmas and the entire downtown was dead on a Monday night.  But, I like to think that they were friendly like that on a normal day, as well.  We had an ongoing conversation with the waitstaff, who'd have been very at-home in any European restaurant in terms of their service levels.  Eventually they brought us a couple of free schnapps to thank us for coming and spending on a slow night.Overall, this experience helped salvage the beginning of our vacation.  This would have been a "5" if not for one small exception with the food.  My dish had mashed potatoes, which are not a delicacy by any means, but instead a good measure of how well a restaurant does the "simple things."  Granted, it was a slow night and they might've been out of some things.  However, I have to be honest when I say that they tasted like powdered potatoes, instead of the real thing.  If I was paying $4.59 at a diner, no problem.  But at a reasonably classy place, dropping $350 for a party of four?  Nope - expect better than that.That having been said, the service and everything else really made up for it.  Overall, a very solid place with great service that will provide a very pleasant night!
4	Edit 3/28/10: closed.From the: http://vesperbistro.comOur monthly dinner get-together took us to Tutto this past weekend.  Tutto assumed the location of the fallen Digestif right across the street from Cowboy Ciao.  Tutto, meaning "everything" in Italian is a fitting name as the menu offers pretty much everything Italian form traditional carpaccio appetizers to the standard tiramisu and "take the gun, leave the" cannoli desserts.  The owners of Tutto didn't bother redecorating their predecessor's restaurant and they didn't necessarily need to as Digestif opened only 2 years ago.  So this is a good thing as you don't feel like you are in some hokey "Under the Tuscan Sun" or faux Las Vegas restaurant.  While Digestif was a great "foodie" restaurant, its allure was lost on most their demographic.  Tutto on the other hand brings something everyone is familiar with - great Italian food with an upscale twist. Our service at Tutto was amazing.  Granted it was a slower night and our waiter was doubling as the bartender - but obviously knew the menu and offered great recommendations.  We sampled three appetizers - beef carpaccio, calamari and mozzarella caprese.  The mozzarella caprese was terrific, thick slices of buffalo mozzarella and beefsteak tomatos, drizzled with a basil balsamic dressing and served with mixed greens.  This appetizer could have made for a light meal.  For dinner, the Conniglio Pappardelle was a great dish - the rabbit was rich and tender and paired perfectly with a hand made pappardelle and a tomato cream based sauce.  The tiramisu was rolled in a chocolate shell and artistically served standing upright with a chocolate garnish.Hopefully the word gets out that good eats are back in this location on the canal, and the owners of Tutto make it longer then their predecessor.
