3	Converted from the AMC in the most hallowed of Montreal buildings. Some of the theatres are a bit small. Even the IMAX isn't the giant IMAX you see elsewhere, but a much smaller version. Lines to buy tickets are usually log, but they have a lot of terminals. Parking after 6PM is $6 downstairs.
4	Went there for the first time since it was bought by Cineplex.The improvements were obvious, such as the ticket pickup using iPhone and the addition of Ultra AVX.The Ultra AVX, in my opinion, was better than the IMAX. The screen was really large, the sound quality was significantly better, and you get much more leg space.In addition, with the Ultra AVX, you can choose your seating when purchasing your ticket, so you do not have to arrive 15 minutes early get a good spot.
2	My personal opinion is that this should still be the Montreal Forum. Un point c'est tout.Location: Ste. Catherine and Atwater. You can access it from the subway without stepping outside if you want to avoid this polar vortex situation we have going on. Space: I don't like it. I find the whole place to be uninspiring and bleak, right down to the color choices and the decor. I like that they've kept some of the old seats, and that they showcase photos of players etc. But in terms of this being a theater, it just doesn't work for me. It reminds me of the 80s, where it should simply remind me of the 'good old hockey days', and 1992 when I saw my first U2 show. Theater: The theater we were in was very small, and the screen was also smaller than those I'm used to. The sound was incredibly loud too. I don't know if they were trying to deafen us but they came close! Not to mention that the experience was marred by this rude and stupid old couple (I have nothing against the elderly!) who came in a half hour after the movie started and caused a serious ruckus for about 10 minutes as they walked around looking for seats, and before they finally sat their asses down (next to me, of course). They disturbed everyone in the theater, then spent 10 minutes talking, THEN decided the movie was too much for them so they made another scene as they were leaving, with the old man muttering about 'this f*cking movie'. First of all, maybe you want to read up on the movie you plan to go see before you buy your ticket. No? Secondly, if you can't make it to a movie on time, then stay home. Frankly, theaters should really know better than to sell tickets after a movie has started if it means patrons who actually made it on time, are going to be disturbed. Lastly, the theater wasn't even clean when we went in. The staff came in to start picking up all the crap that was lying around after people had started seating themselves.Just, NO.
5	We were in dire need of finding a movie theatre that showed movies in English. We were tricked a few days prior. Most movies here in Montreal are in French. I love being amidst different cultures, but it's hard to really enjoy a movie if you they are being dubbed in French. 5 stars is given to this Cineplex not only for having movies in English, but for the best popcorn EVER. Seriously.I have never  had fresh popcorn as good as I had on my trip to Montreal. There must be MSG or something that makes the popcorn taste more buttery. The added butter was bonus. It didn't seem super greasy the way it's served in America. Somedays I dream of traveling back to Montreal to enjoy another popcorn. And to have it with a Tim Horton's Snow Cap? Dead.
3	The establishment seems unsymmetrical and in some measure postponed for some later years that never came about.The food station at the bottom level is not open. The place feels abandoned and grimed. I do still come for off the margin features. I much prefer the Scotia Bank movie theater located further east but they mostly show blockbuster films.
4	Everybody loves cinematic adventures. Especially me.
4	Well-kept theatre, up-to-date movies, and expensive eats and drinks. What more to say?
4	How cool is it to go to a movie where they used to play hockey?Came here to the movies to see "Lucy" in IMAX and really enjoyed it.  The theater is efficiently run and very clean.  The IMAX was not that great but the seats were comfortable and sound and picture quality was excellent.Very convenient to get to, I'd definitely go back here.
