1	If I could give negative stars, I would. The first man I encountered was very helpful and got me to put a down payment on a mattress to save the sale price. I go in four days later to buy my mattress in full and the second salesman I encountered was rude, pushy, and overbearing. He didn't want to give me my initial receipt back (literally stopped me from grabbing it off of the table and acted very shady.). He talked down to me the entire time (probably because I am young and a woman) and was very aggressive. I still paid for my mattress but left VERY upset. I immediately went to another mattress store and got a much better deal down the road at mattress firm. I will never again go to best mattress. I am STILL waiting for my refund to be processed!! Waste of time and money at this place!
5	We needed a mattress for one of our guest bedrooms and visited a number of mattress stores in Henderson.  Because it was a guest mattress, we didn't want to spend a king's ransom, but also didn't want to provide our guests with a horrible night's sleep.  In each store, the salespeople were either overbearing and pushy, or would immediately show us either their cheapest, lowest quality mattress, or something that was just unreasonably expensive for a guest bedroom.  When we got to Best Mattress the experience was pleasant and stress-free from the get-go.  Troy and Steve worked together with us and totally understood what we were looking for.  And each time we were set on something, they would come up with better but even cheaper options!  We got exactly what we needed at a terrific price.  Will definitely come back here when we're ready to pull out all the stops for the mattress in our next master bedroom!
5	The salesman, Troy, was great to deal with.  He was extremely knowledgeable and very easy going to work with. No sales pressure at all. We also dealt a bit with  with Joe and Steve who were very accommodating, as well. There are tons of places to buy mattresses and it can be very overwhelming. Save yourself the leg work and just go here. Their prices are fair and the selection is good.  We got a Cal King adjustable split with a Simmons latex foam mattress. LOVE the whole set up. Great to be able to adjust the head and leg positions.  Sheets are hard to come by, but can be gotten on line.
4	Didn't want to go all over town looking for a mattress!   So we ended up here!  The place that has the sheep on the commercial!Sales man greeted us, asked us some questions.  Gave us a pillow, and had us lay on a bed, and asked us what we thought about it.   So from there, he put us on another one?   And another, and another.  We finally narrowed it down, and picked one that was best for us. This was a very easy process for us.  We scheduled our delivery date:The delivery guys called in the morning to make sure we were on the same page.  Great, where good to go!   Then they called me 15 min before they were here!  Wow, That was awesome!  Delivery was fast and professional, they took our old bed away, and they set up our new one!  I would recommend Best Mattress for any one in the market.
