3	OK this is a real chick store in the truest sense of the word.  There are book by, for, and about women.  There's lotions and creams for every mood and skin ailment, as well as things that defy explanation.  Things like the boxing nun puppets, and these things called mid life crisis dolls.  It's a fun place to poke around.
4	I wandered into this store after getting a smoothie from Smoothie King. It's very eclectic, with handmade jewelry, wall hangings and other items. Definitely a girl's place. The sign outside reads: "Break the Chains! Shop at Independant Stores". If you are going to follow, you want to shop here. It was so refreshing to walk in and have the employees greet me with a smile, and offer to help right away. They were so sweet, unlike the pretentious girls in the clothing stores nearby. You could wander around this store for a good hour or more looking at all the cool items. I really liked that they support local artists too, and you'll find lots of one-of-a-kind gifts here. I will be returning here soon!
4	The Bag Lady is a great store with a great vibe. The staff is friendly and gave a warm welcome. The store offers a wide variety of gifts: cards, encouraging sayings, jewelry, trinkets, etc. Some of the gifts call out the inner feminist in us all, which brought a smile to my face. Stop by The Bag Lady to see all the fun items they have to offer.
4	Many of Charlotte's Metaphysical/ New Age stores have made a quiet exit in the last few years - Where's a girl to go these days for some healing stones or tarot cards?  Just when I thought I would have to order my new pendulum online, a dear friend told me about The Bag Lady.  I knew I was in for a treat when I walked in and the girl behind the counter was wearing a tiara!  There is a great energy in the store, and the focus is completely on celebrating the Female Goddess in all of us.  The light smell of aromatherapy and soft background music invite you stay awhile and wander through the different collections, ranging from humorous magnets and bumper stickers, to Wiccan Spirituality.  Literature is abundant throughout the store, and all very current.  Local jewelry, candles, statues and tons of novelties fill the shelves and walls, in a way that makes me feel like I'm once again nosing through my Grandma's treasures in her packed house.  (one of my favorite pastimes as a young girl)  I was impressed with the classes and other activities that jam their calendar each month, particularly the noteworthy authors coming to visit.  Although I probably wouldn't bring my Southern Baptist mom in to shop, I could find something  for every dear woman in my life.The Bag Lady is NOT a mainstream store, which I think is a great reason support their establishment.  Have you explored your inner Goddess lately?!
5	This is a great place to go if you need to buy a gift for someone and you don't want to splurge and you don't know what to get. I have found some very unusual gifts at The Bag Lady and I love supporting an independent local business. Check it out!
3	If I liked to hoard random stuff, this would be the place I'd go to do it. The Bag Lady is bubbling over with estrogen and new age-iness. Within the store is a variety of merchandise such as sarcastic magnets, silly gifts, stationery, books and jewelry. They even have a magic/wicken section (with ceremonial candles and tarot cards).One thing I give super props for is the fact that they're really good about stocking items/crafts from local artists. I'll definitely keep this place in mind next time I need to spontaneously get someone a gift!
3	Tarot, wands, wicca, estrogen.I actually collect Tarot decks, don't look at me like that. It's about the art. THE ART. The Lady had some classic decks and some I'd never seen - def leaning more toward the 60s/70s stuff than newer, and all super-reasonably priced. Some random bedroom articles - sex checks, etc - but this is more about naturey, dreamcatchery, gemstones and tonics and lotiony womanhood. You can smell the patchouli from a half mile away.And that's just fine.
5	Really cool store!!!!!
4	The Bag Lady makes me want to take up Tarot.  And dip my toe into goddess worship.  And make my own wand (it sells at least one book on home wand making).It smells pleasantly of incense and the faintest whiff of crazy, and every time I pass through, I imagine my life as it would be filled with swishy skirts, long hair, beautiful but odd jewelry, and a straight left turn toward the spiritual.As it is, the naturalist in me likes to peer into the ever-wistful world of The Bag Lady, but I never really stay very long.  I do like to visit, though.  It makes me feel like I'm in Rivendell.
4	I love the Bag Lady because I can always pick up something for my girl friends.  Jewelry, books about women, health, scarves, purses, cards,and an assortment of things to browse through.   Great local independent store.
4	NOT Just Bags! ! !  Not just for ladies either!They do not have a whole lot of stuff for guys, though I would buy someone a gift here (I'm not saying who because then they would not be surprised, so OK I just gave that one away)!Cool Name for a shop and the lady working here (not the owner) asked me to spread the word, that it is not just bags and I said I would so I did.Note: They do not have very many Bags, they only have a few.  Jewelry, yes!  Art, Yes! LOCAL Artist Artwork OH Yes!  Less usual gifts, Very yes.
5	Before you ask ... this isn't about Purses. It was kind of a play on a social stigma. I asked the owner. She has a collection of everything known to man and a special connection to everything she sells. It has a great energy in there, some of the lowest priced stones and crystals, and a very very good rate and selection of Oracle cards, Tarot Cards, and other divining tools. If you go there, be sure to ask her about "Sparkles." Her statue of Michael is pretty awesome too!
