5	How much can I say that I love one business... I had the great luck of having my house flood.. Anyone that has had to deal with the insurance company's knows they say take it to someone and have it done... But who do you go to why West Flamingo Fluff and Fold.. I called and talked to Robert I had a million questions and he answered them all. Plus my family has very sensitive skin and he let me know they could wash my items in whatever I wanted. Let me tell you I dropped off a pickup truck load of clothes and he had them done the next day. They where also so great they weighed the clothing after it was dry... He gave me a call to let me know how much it was because they take cash only but hey that's what ATM are for..... They do big or little jobs and made everything look great. So thanks to everyone there especially Robert......
5	I found this place through Google like 5 years ago; and I have been going since.  Since it is impossible to wash comforters in our washing machine, I go here to get them done.  Its located in an older shopping center across Wendys.  And sometimes I hit up Wendys for some nuggets and fries while the comforters are in the washing machine! :)  Every time I go; I see Robert...I believe he is the owner?  He is so nice.  There was one time where I had a lot of nickels and dimes in my car.  And I needed 2 dollars in quarters to complete my wash.  He was kind enough to take them and exchange them for quarters.  The washing machine I use requires 19 quarters which is $4.75.  Now, I don't ever recall it being much back in the day or when I was living in CA.  I thought an average wash is $0.75.  Maybe cause I'm using the heavy duty washing machine?  The dryer is $0.25 for 7 minutes.  Normally, it dries in 20 minutes...so only $0.75.They have a bench so you can wait, a sink, video games, free coffee, ice cream, vending machines for soda, candy, gum, laundry stuff and a TV while you wait.  This is the only coin laundy place I know of in Las Vegas.
4	our dog chewed up a hose in our washing machine! grrrr-we went over here with a lot of clothes and--- just because we were finally getting out to a laundry matt--  a whole bunch of blankets, sheets, pillow cases, etc.  we came in and it wasn't busy at all.  lots of people were coming in and out actually picking up laundry that they left to the laundry matt to have done for them.  lots of washing machines-- different sizes for small to extra large loads.same goes for dryers.   it's kept very clean, and if you have any problems or questions- there is a very nice gentleman who will answer every and all questions that you have.  it's located in a shopping area-- and there's a park across the street!  So if you got the kiddos with you, and you have a supervising adult handy while you do the laundry, it's very convenient.  we've since replaced the tube--- but II will frequent this place to wash my comforters!
5	This was my first visit here and it was beyond great. The new owner gave me a local discount which was very nice of him. My items were done about 4hrs earlier then expected. They smelled good and were all folded and wrapped up very nicely. I will defiantly be coming here again.
5	Great fluff and fold! We've travelled for a few weeks and dropped off a duffle bag of laundry. The very enthusiastic and friendly manager told us it would be ready by 6 (we were there at approx 1-2), and it was finished and nicely packed back in our duffle when we picked it up! Great!
3	Needed to wash a couple of sleeping bags and didn't want to destroy my top loader machine.  So, I got my first trip to a Las Vegas laundromat!Overall, these were my impressions:1.  Lots of machines.  Big machines, too.  If you need to wash some down comforters and don't want to pay $20 to a dry cleaner, come here.2.  $4.75 to wash clothes. Eek! A bit expensive.....However, my laundromat experience is limited to cheapo places in Cleveland and Detroit, where I thought I might die.  This place is not murder-y at all. So, $4.75 seems more reasonable.  Plus, the dryer only costs .25 cents per 7 minutes (my sleeping bags were done in 14!).3.  They have Ms. Pacman.  And, unlike at Insert Coins, there is no line for it.4.  There is an attendant.  This adds to the less murder-y atmosphere.5.  Massage chairs. Fancy.6.  Coin only.Good laundry spot!  I'll definitely come back to wash the big stuff.
5	Super friendly and helpful staff, nice big washers and fast dryers. Plus free coffee and wifi.
4	Hadn't been to a laundromat in quite a few years. I remember them being dingy, dirty, and packed full of people ready to fight you over a machine. But I was pleasantly surprised with this place!They had tons of machines, different sizes/costs depending on the size of the load. The place was clean and the staff was super friendly and helpful! They had some game entertainment as well as some REALLY good massage chairs. Like seriously, some of the best massage chairs I've ever used- which is a nice treat to enjoy while waiting for your clothes to dry. I knocked a star because I thought it was a little pricey. Then again, I'm used to prices of 7+ years ago in California where laundromats are packed, ugly and cheap. Also, the dryers didn't dry as fast as I thought they would... Even for a small load you're looking at about 20+ minutes. Overall, I thought the place was awesome. I will definitely be back to wash comforters and all that other big stuff.
5	I haven't been to a laundromat in years so I don't really know what to compare this to. Was in Vegas 5 days, then headed straight to Disney so had to do some laundry. Found this place on Yelp and it was close to our hotel. The lady working here was very nice, she helped us with washers and dryers. There were plenty of open machines, and it wasn't too expensive. I enjoyed a $1 massage while waiting. Lots of places to sit as well. If you need a place to do a quick load, this is your place!!
5	This place was great!  Several attendants on site that were very eager to assist should you need help folding or have questions.  Several size washers and all in working order!  Ample seating, free coffee and even massage chairs should you feel so inclined.
5	I figured that I would contribute to the many yelp reviews that led me here in the first place.  Our washer just recently broke down on us and I needed to find a great place to wash my clothes in the meantime.  I went to one other laundromat before I came across this place.  It's kind of adorable and has plastic flamingos randomly placed throughout.  The washers are all thorough and aren't outrageously priced per wash. (around 3 dollars) Despite all of the positive reviews regarding the washers, it was the complimentary coffee that sold me.  I'm not saying that it's incredibly off the chains nice, but it's cute and efficient.  The lady on staff was so helpful and attentive as well.
4	Free wi-fi available while you do the laundry.It's like any other laundry place. They had flat screens up on the wall, so that made it easier for time to pass by. There was a girl in there that asked us if we needed any help. That was cool because in other places, there no one around. If you don't have the time to sit around and wait for laundry, there is also the option of dropping off your laundry to get done. They charge $1.99/lb. Maybe next time I'll try that out.
4	I am staying at the Rio hotel for two weeks and needed to wash clothes. Found this location on yelp and I was a very satisfied customer. It was relatively close to the hotel and not in a seedy or shady area. The shopping center it was in was a little seedy but the area wasn't too scary. I went w my 3yr old so if it looked creepy on the outside I wouldn't have gotten out of my car. I was very impressed with the customer service that this place offers. They always have an attendant on duty and they are always available. As soon as I walked in I was greeted and helped out. The staff seems very honest and friendly. The gentleman there personally walked me over to the machine and showed me how to use the machine. Later a woman helped me with the dryer. I can only speak to the do it yourself service and experience. They offer a service if you want to drop off your clothes and have them wash, dry and fold them but I didn't do it that way. I would recommend bringing your own washing detergent and fabric softener. They do have a vending machine that sells the detergent but its quite expensive ($1.75 for a small one load box). They also sell fabric sheets (4 for $1).  The machines are operated only by coins (quarters) and they do have two change machines that take denominations up to $20.  There are small, medium and large washers. I used one small one and it was $2.75 and I used one large washer and it was $4.75.  I am not sure about the larger machine cost to wash.  There were a lot of machines to wash with no wait. There were a ton of dryers with no wait and i only saw two dryers. One for regular clothes and another set of bigger ones for comforters.  The dryers cost .25 for each 7min, the girl recommended paying $1 to insure that everything dries.  The only reason I didn't give a 5 star was the girl there told me to stop taking pictures. Otherwise it was a 5star experience. I forgot to mention that the kind man at the beginning turned cartoons on for my son. The free wifi is awesome and I saw the coffee and massage chairs but didn't use them. Hope this is helpful!!
5	The nicest people ever. Mom and pop business. Son is about 16, helps everyone the minute you walk in. The daughter and mom are busy working. Knowledgable about the machines, and easy access to purchase soap. Place is clean, and surprisingly big. Had to stop here due to our washer being broken, glad I did. :)
5	Hi Everyone, just traveling USA with my partner, we needed a quick laundry service that wasn't through our Vegas hotel as it would have cost $300, so I looked to YELP and found west flamingo fluff and fold, at $1.99 a pound min 10 pounds I was sold. I grabbed a taxi from the strip dropped off my Laundry around 11.5pounds for 2 people @ 5:30pm , including delivery to my hotel was only $24 + $10 delivery , taxi was $20 each way.They even called my mobile and my hotel room to leave a message, this is great service.We finished watching KA @ MGM and my washing was waiting at bell desk for me all in only 4hrs amazing.
5	Great service great price!!I went in and dropped off hit a quick dinner and my clothes were back at my hotel. I'll def use them again when I am back in Vegas.
5	Traveled from NY with my hubby and two kids, you can only imagine the amount of laundry we had.  I researched before we left and liked the reviews that this place had.  So I drove 25 min from my hotel and arrived promptly when they opened.   I was greeted by a lovely young lady who took my 33.5 lbs of laundry and promised me it would be done by 5.  For an extra 10.00 I could have it delivered to my hotel.   Would tide and downy be ok she asked...perfect in my book.  I highly recommend this place beautiful job, folded and returned just as promised.
5	These guys did a perfect job on our laundry! There was a slight issue with the delivery -- the car broke down and they couldn't deliver to my hotel at first but they worked it out and delivered within a few hours of having dropped it off. Saved us from paying $13 for each pair of pants and $$$ for everything else. Awesome!
3	Suggest dropping off clothes in a disposable bag.   I brought my clothes in a duffel bag.  Assumed they would take my clothes out of the bag but the lady on duty took the duffel too.  When I returned for pick up, there was no duffel bag.  Was told my bag was mislabeled and being delivered to another customer.  Had to wait an hour or their delivery driver to return with my duffel.  The different employee was very apologetic and my clothes were washed and folded nicely but it would have been nice to have not wasted the hour I spent waiting for my duffel bag.
