1	This place already had a listing and for some reason it was taken down.  I had a bad experience here when seeking some fresh roasted beans.  Young kid doing the roasting at the roastery told me the beans for sale are outside in the grill under the lid from last week, and it's an honor system where you put your $10 through the slot in the door.  But, I simply wanted beans coming right out of the cooling bin if possible.  Uhm, no.  Employee mocked my request "seeking the freshest beans possible, huh" or something roughly like that with rolled eyes at the same time.  They weren't for sale, I was told, because they hadn't degassed yet and then this young kid proceeded to explain what degassing was as though I was a total newb even though I've homeroasted beans and enjoyed great coffee for longer than he has probably been alive.  Gotta love it when a retail customer service person doesn't understand his role.What a failure for a local place.
5	Roastery of Cave Creek (Roc2) has been roasting estate grown coffee in the Valley for over 15 years.  We are a wholesale roaster, but do offer retail sized bags to the public.(our former retail business, The Cave Creek Coffee Company & Wine bar was sold in 2007 and closed a few months ago.)We roast for the finest dining establishments in the Valley such as Lon's at the Hermosa Inn, Tarbells, Rancho Pinot, Richardsons, Beckett's Table, Citizens Public House, Eddies House, FnB, The Tuck Shop, Matt's Big Breakfast, Posh, The Roaring Fork, La Grande Orange, Kitchen 56, Vovomeena, The Herb Box and many others.The China Mist Tea company also distributes our coffee.Places in the Valley where retail coffee is available include La Grande Orange, The Herb Box, French Grocery, Vovomenna and soon Whole Foods.(Albert....the coffee in our retail cabinet typically 2-3 days out of the roaster....the "kid" you spoke to has roasted several hundred tons of coffee)
5	Thank you for offering your coffee to local walk up customers. It is common that  wholesalers don't want to deal with individual customers because they are not set up for it.  This is a great way for us who enjoy fresh beans to get them within a day or two from the roast, as opposed to store shelf bean that have been there for weeks or more. I hope ridiculous requests, such as "right out of the roster Albert" doesn't cause you to lock the doors and stop the small bag sales from the grill. Great coffee!! It would dearly be missed if gone!
5	Amazing,  great tasting coffee.  Central American blends. Learning the process is worth the drive as is the coffee
5	NEWTIMES announced their "BEST OF" winner for best coffee in the Valley.....YES, it was the Roastery of Cave Creek.  (or affectionately know as Roc2)served at the finest establishments in the Valley and throughout Arizona! http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/bestof/2013/award/best-coffee-beans-3820481/
5	We looooove this coffee. We bring it with us when we travel. We spent thanksgiving in a condo that didn't have a grinder, so we preground our ROC2 beans and brought with us.Seriously good stuff.  I'm partial to black & tan, a med/mild roast. Hubs is exploring all of the roasts.It's not a coffee shop; it's a Roastery, with beans for sale.  I talked w/ owner once, he is a stickler for fresh....like, would not sell me more coffee than I can drink in a week.For convenience sake, we buy 2 weeks worth at a time. It's amazing stuff.He roasts the beans and puts them in a metal box outside (they fill the box several times a week with fresh coffee). It's organized by roast type. $10/bag, slip money in the mail slot to the left. HONOR SYSTEM! Only in cave creek!
