1	A month ago, I called the online store to order some panels.  The operator transferred me to the Scottsdale store (Kierland Commons ) because she said that the store still had some.  She put me through there and then I got to talk to a salesperson named 'Catherine'.  From the beginning, she was already very rude and snobbish.  She seemed to me that she didn't care my business while all along I had been showing apprections for her help.  The first call (May 30, 2006) I made I ordered 3 silk long panels.  I first checked with her the number of stocks she still had because I told her that I actually needed 2 more but I got to discuss it with my hubby first that night.  She asked me for my number so that she could check.  Throughout the conversation, I didn't hear her saying 'thank you', 'please', 'have a good one' at all but 'hmm hmm'.   When she called me back, she said she found the panel that I wanted.  Then, she asked me for shipping information and credit card details.  I told her slowly but it seemed to me that she was not ready at all.  She kept mis-spelling my 'four-letter' common last name.  I had to repeat the information for her several times without her appreciations.  I asked her when I'd get the shippment.  She said that she didn't know.  I asked her which company was responsible for the shippment and she said with uncertainties that it could be UPS or Fedex.  There was no confirmation number, no nothing.  Before I hanged up, she offered to hold 2 more panels for me for 24 hours.  I appreciated her help and told her that I'd call her back before the timeline which was around 6pm (May 31, 2006).  When I called her the next day at 11am, she told me that she already shipped it out and she told me that she had nothing to do with that.  I asked why and she just told me that she didn't know.  I reminded her of her offer and my desire to ship all 5 panels together to save some shipping and handling costs.  She replied that she didn't know.  Throughout the conversation, again there was no apology.  I was so pissed but I still thanked her for her help and as usual, she just 'hmm hmm-ed' me.  About 10 days later, I got my first shipment and I got my bill already.  Out of my expectation, I received my second order - 2 panels but not my first order and the size of one of them was wrong.  I was so upset and then I called straightaway.  John answered the phone and told me that Catherine was not there.  I told John what was happening and expecting that John would offer to help me but he just shunned me off.  I called again the next day and got to talk to her.  She said she didn't know why and she told me that she could not check for me.  She asked me for my number again during lunch and she promised to call me back but she didn't.  I had to call her back after 5 hours.  I asked her for updates and she said she was too busy to do the research.  I was so pissed because I couldn't go out just because I didn't want to missed her calls.  She then required me to tell her all the information she was supposed to have AGAIN including when I made the purchases, credit card information, address, etc.  I was so angry and she asked me to fax her my credit card bill because she suspected me of lying to her.  She asked me to send the panels back as a proof so that she would send the correct ones over.  I asked who would pay for the shippment and she said she didn't know but I had to arrange it.  The whole thing was terribly ridiculous.  I was so on the fire and requested for speaking with her mgr and she told me that her mgr was with a customer.  She AGAIN asked for my number so that her mgr would call me back.  After 30 minutes, my hubby came home and I told him my unpleasant experience and the fact that the mgr didn't call me back yet.  He called and talked to the mgr.  The mgr apologized and offered to arrange Fedex pick up for us. He said he would give us the money back once he got the panels back.  As we checked, they got the panels a long while ago already but they still didn't do the credit yet.  We reported to AE and made sure that they WOULD never get the money.  We are so sure to tell you that we'll never shop at Z-Gallerie again!
1	I order curtain panels before Xmas and receive them 2 weeks later. Ellen, was the person who helped me and shwas rude and not friendly at all. She walked around and had a scowl on her face.I opened the box ( which the curtains came in) recently  (which I was informed that both panels were in there) and found one panel.I called the store and re-order the panel with the manager (Marco). Marco assured me that they would be in no later then 2 weeks. He would call when they came in. I asked him again, are you sure they are going to be in there in 2 weeks? Oh, yes. Well I have not received a call from them, so I decided to call the store. Well,  when I called to ask to see if they check my order, I was told call customer service and that if I had not received a call then they must not be in. I was also told that only a manager could check on an order.I told the sales person ( Brian) my situation and that actually Marco had re-ordered my missing panel 2 weeks ago, he said he would get Marco on the phone.Brian then came back to the phone and told Marco would call back.I asked when... he huffly stated when he is not busy. 2-3 hours.I thought customer service you made that person with the issue feel important and you would try to get back to them right away.Everytime I go into that store a majority of the  customer service people are RUDE and disinterested what is going on with the customers.I have spent a lot of money in Zgallerie, but I also go for the experience.Zgallerie has definitely changed and I think I am going to be shopping there less in the future.
2	Maybe I saw too much of you Z, back in your 80s heyday in LA. You know, you were all the rage, with your first store right there on trendy Melrose Ave. You were more popular than the shoulder pad maker for Designing Women. Or maybe the set designers on Melrose Place went a little too crazy in Amanda's apartment cuz it looked like you threw up all over apartment 12. For a while that mid century modern meets Victorian was oh so en vogue. Purple velvet framed mirrors. Golden sun wall decorations. And silver laminate dining room tables with mismatched chairs. Now, sadly. Your just a bit dated. More so than Scott Baio at a bimbos convention. All the best Z. Yours truly, T.
1	Today I really had to question the priority of customer service at Z Gallerie at Kierland Commons.  I wanted to purchase something, but they only had one and it was in the window.  The gentleman who is the manager refused to sell it to me and offered two extremely inconvenient solutions - (1) order one, wait a week and return to the store to pick it up OR (2) drive an hour out of my way to purchase at another store.  As a customer it was extremely frustrating to want to pay for a product that is right in front of me, but the manager won't allow me to buy.  I think this was a last straw, I will no longer shop at Z Gallerie.  (Service like this might be part of the reason so many of their stores have closed!)  There are plenty of options out there when it comes to shopping.
3	One of my fav Home stores.  I can literally spend 1 hour just browsing through the whole store.  Shame on you, for having cute things.
4	Although on my last visit I did not purchase anything, I had a nice suprise.  I saw the manager who assisted me with a bedroom furniture purchase I did almost two years ago there.  She went out of her way to see if there was anything else I needed help with, even though I did not find anything.  They have good furniture sales here, and would compare the furniture selection to Macy's.  I left really impressed as they met one of my most important rules as a customer-know me.  Thanks to the store manager, I'll continue to consider Z Gallerie for future home purchases.
4	Love this store, whether to purchase stuff or just get some good ideas on how to decorate.  the staff is always super nice and helpful and always have lots of great stuff in stock.
5	Love the furniture and friendly staff !
5	My friend and I decided to look at side tables here on June 22, 2014, after the horrendous customer service at Crate and Barrel (see my review there).  We were hesitant to touch r set down anything after Crate and Barrel, but this AMAZING customer service representative (Guy with short dark hair.  He breezed by so quickly that I didn't get his name) said, "Go ahead.  Sit down.  Spin it even, it's really comfy.  I highly recommend it."  Then with a smile he left.  All other representatives were equally kind and open.  Great service!
4	My favorite store in the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall. Who needs clothes when you have art?I absolutely love this store. It is pricey but the selection is grand, that's why. The art section is my favorite, lots of stunning paintings. The furniture and accents in the rest of the store are so unique and gorgeous too, they have animal heads (porcelain, not real, don't worry) as well as luxurious yet still somewhat affordable furniture. The seasonal selections are also stunning, so make sure you take a peek during those times as well! The staff is always pretty friendly and helpful as well. I dare you to walk in and not fall in love with something. ;)
