5	THIS GIRL KNOWS HAIR!Gals & Guys, if you want someone who's as passionate about your hair as you are, get thyself to Tiffany's chair! I found Tiffany to be extremely knowledgable about all mane things: color - she knows the science. If you show or tell her what you desire, she will get make it so. I also love it that she will let you know if that hot red you desire will turn brassy sooner rather than after your next appointment, and if she tweaks it, it will compliment your own skin color. Precision cuts: Know what you want? Tiff snips fast and exact based on your hair type. Don't know what to do, but know what you have isn't working? This is the girl for you. After the first visit, I was so impressed, I now ask her what I should do and am not afraid to step outside of my color comfort zone.She also makes your wedding magical with hair and makeup. Did I mention reasonable rates? Wish I had found Tiff long before those years and high dollars spent at the Aveda salons...What a treat to review enthusiastic talent and to look forward to my salon visit!
5	Loved how she cut my hair! I have been over paying for horrible haircuts
5	Tiffany is an awsome hair stylist. Professional, friendly, and really knows hair. Been coming to her for 4 months now after leaving Rolfs rising prices and revolving less experienced stylists. I am extremely happy with Tiffany and my hair color and cut.
5	Almost 2 years with Tiffany now and I wouldn't even look at another hairdresser! Tif has art and talent. Cut, color, condition and products, she has it all. I wish I could visit her chair every month...
5	Tiffany is the best. For years I've been doing myself a disservice by going to cheap chains that were, at best, hit or miss with stylists. I found Tiffany by chance at another location, and I don't know why I've ever bothered with anywhere else. Tiffany has a friendly chair side manner, and takes great care, time, and pride in her work. You'll never feel rushed, you'll never feel like you're inconveniencing her, and you'll leave feeling good about yourself.One more thing: I think Tiffany might be magic, because she is somehow able to do exactly what you want her to even if you're not completely sure how to tell her. If you're like me, that helps a lot. :)
5	Tiffany did hair and makeup for my November wedding. She was amazing! I planned my wedding from out of state and went by Yelp reviews when choosing somone for our hair and makeup. I made the right choice! Thanks, Tiffany, for the perfect hair and makeup for my big day!
5	Got the keratin blowout...love it!  Wonderful stylist. She recommended it but didn't sell me the most expensive on. She advised that I get the one that lasts for 3 months to make sure I liked it. She was right! I spent the extra money and got the one that lasted longer. Love how she doesn't force product on you to buy.
5	To all you girls who's been wandering to find the right hair dresser!THIS GIRL KNOWS WHAT SHE'S DOING! SHE IS THE BEST IN ARIZONA! I would NEVER go to anyone else but her as long as she's in business.She was recommended to me by my girlfriend, and I decided to give it a shot, and I am so glad I did! I have been going to her ever since and it is been a year now. She is very talented and artistic, and a very nice gal. I highly recommend her, she is worth the drive no matter what part of the valley you're in.
5	I went for a hair cut and to get extensions put in (I'm an extension noob) and she was so helpful. Tiffany did an amazing job on my hair! She didn't cut my layers as short as I wanted but what she did was better because she told me it would look too thin at the bottom. It actually does look a lot better the way she cut it! I love my hair and the product she used in my hair completely tamed my frizz it's awesome! I highly recommend her! Best stylist in the valley!!
5	I am new to Arizona and found Tiffany on Yelp. The salon is very cute and clean. Each stylist had their own little room. Tiffany is very nice and fun. I am very pleased with my highlights, lowlights, and my haircut. I would recommend her to everyone and will be going back for sure.
5	Tiffany is Awesome and does amazing with hair! i highly recommend her! i have been going to her for several years now and won't let anyone else but her touch my hair! her salon is beautiful and she is so sweet and very easy to talk to! he skills are amazing and she always listens to exactly what i want and over exceeds my expectations! HIGHLY recommend her! i send all my referrals to her only ;)
