5	HolySmoke"It's all over Town"702-773-8654The newest fashion in town for the dining crowd is Gourmet lunch wagons. I grew up with lunch wagons when I worked on the docks in Brooklyn and over in Newark. They were a way of life. This is how hard-working longshoremen got hot, fresh made, comfort foods to keep up their strength and keep them warm or cool inside as they threw around 200 lb. sacks of coffee beans like they were tissues.In California and across the mud in New York, these wagons and trucks have evolved into just about every kind of food style in the world. Here in Las Vegas I have become acquainted with Steven, who operates HolySmoke - "On Site BBQ".  His Nephew Lee assists his Uncle' with the methods used for old smoke taste and smooth BBQ sauce. They drive around to certain spots each day to sell off what they have smoked the night before and in the morning. Their big white pick-up truck pulls along a trailer with a very large steam cabinet where all the smoked goodies are still gathering up extra smoky BBQ flavor.You can find out were they will be stopping during the day or where they are headed next by giving Steven a call at (702) 773-8654. The menu is usually Brisket, Pork Ribs, chicken or a hot link dinner at $8.00 with two sides and a dinner roll. If you are one of the lucky ones, Steven may have turkey legs or turkey wings on the trailer that day. That is probably the best BBQ meal I have ever eaten. The Guys also have Pulled Pork, Hot link, Brisket, and Chicken Sandwiches for $6.00. There is always Mac and Cheese that is better than your Mama ever made, Greens, Baked Beans, and Potato Salad. As a side with a sandwich your choice is $2.00 a serving. Two sides come with the dinner. They will also offer you napkins and the old knife, fork, and spoon picnic pack so it is truly an anywhere meal. Steven changes things around sometimes to keep everyone on their toes. He will also talk with you about special requests. While you are out around town all day give Steven and Lee a call. They will make arrangements to be somewhere that you can meet them during their daily run. You won't be sorry. This is really fine home made BBQ with smooth luscious sauce.HolySmoke: Steven and Lee  (702) 773-8654
5	The girls in Wicked @ Sola Salon love Stephen & his delicious BBQ! Never disappointed!!!
