2	Watched his first show at Caesars Palace,  Las Vegas on 12/26/06.   Liked his TV episodes but definitely not the talk show in CP, big disappointment.  The opening comedian is much better.  His joke contents need a lot of polishing and work-on.  Especially  we had to pay high price for it.
5	This was an awesome show!!! I did not go in with any expectations but I left wanting more and thinking that time flew by. Jerry was a great talented artist and he does not need to graphic or swear throughout his performance to make a funny point.  He was classy and organized.  I highly recommend that you spend the money and experience a great night in Vegas with Jerry.
2	I saw Jerry Seinfeld at Caesars Palace Las Vegas on Jan 30, 2009 and I wasn't impressed. He just wasn't that funny. It totally ruined my perception of him. However, his opening act was awesome.  I'm not sure, but it could have been comedian Tom Papa as the opening act.  I'd see Seinfeld again only if the tickets were free and I just wouldn't expect much. HUGE disappointment.  Save your money or go see Celine Dion, Bette Midler, or Jeff Dunham instead.
3	I'm a little perplexed as to how to write my review for Jerry Seinfeld's show at Caesar's Palace.  Reason being is that I won my 2 show tickets (along with my 2-night stay at the Octavius Tower) from KOST1035.  Free makes everything 5 stars!  I'll try to type something from the viewpoint of an actual paying customer.  Here goes-Having not watched Seinfeld ever, even though it was part of NBC's "Must See TV" lineup,  I wasn't familiar with his style of comedy.  I've seen Jerry on TV every now & again, but nothing substantial to where I can form an opinion on him as a comedian.  The Colosseum was the show location, the same place where Celine Dion performs.  I forgot the name of the opening act comedian (something Schmidt), but he killed.  I actually thought he was funnier than Jerry Seinfeld.  He made witty observations about subjects such as his mother, the 99 cent only stores and doctor's appointments.  He supposedly is a regular on "The Tonight Show", but I  haven't seen late night talk shows in a long, long time.  His set was short, but definitely wasn't filler.Jerry himself also killed.  He made hilarious observations on relationships, marriage, kids, coffee and even restroom stalls.  He didn't resort to foul language or gross-out humor, which is a plus for me.  Shows more creativity.  I LOL'ed many, many times and felt great doing so.  After his set, he came back out & had a mini Q&A session.  Jerry was a class-act that evening.I checked the price for tickets at Tix4Tonight when buying tickets for Donny & Marie, and they were being sold for $66.  For that price, I would recommend attending Jerry Seinfeld's show.  However for the regular $125+, I would pass.  I enjoy comedy, but not for that much money.  I'd rather see a musical act, Cirque du Soleil or impersonators for that money.  However, I did enjoy my evening and still have some of his one-liners in my head.Excelsior!
3	Got last minute tix to Jerry Seinfeld.  I was surprised he had someone open for him.  To me, a comedian opening with another is a no win scenario.  If he's not as good as Jerry we're feeling ripped off.  If he's as good we're feeling Jerry's being watered down.  If he's better than Jerry, egads.  It was too close to call at times.  Honest.Playing Caesars is only playing one of the best theaters in the country.  It's like 4000 people in there.  You have to be a Carlin or Cosby or someone who can carry on for a quite a while.  Someone who can knock us dead slowly but effectively.I love Jerry but he frankly isn't this league.  I think Lewis Black and Chris Rock are better at a theater this size.  He didn't suck, but like his classic sitcom, you left feeling the hour or so had ultimately been about nothing.  George Carlin, rest his cranky soul, would never blow such an opportunity.A Note To Jerry:The night I went some lady asked "Where's Kramer?" in your final Q&A session.  You responded kind of offended and said, hey, this is MY show.  You've got to understand nearly every last audience member was their because of your sitcom.  So, instead of being a sitting duck for someone to look back with some awkward question like that, be in front of it.  If I were you, I'd be ready to do impressions of every cast member.  You might think you suck at impressions, but no one will care.  That will only make it funnier.  If you're passable or even kind of good at impersonating those characters, the audience will literally swoon for you.  Trust me.
3	My friend took me to this show as a surprise, but I didn't really know who Jerry Seinfeld was since I don't watch TV. LoL. I thought he was funny though. The jokes were more geared towards married couples though... and yes, I'm not married.
5	The opener was really funny and they usually aren't.  I will have to research and find out his name.  I was really impressed. Then Jerry came out. He was everything I expected and more. I have been watching him on t.v. since age 9 and I am 31. So this has been a long time dream to see his show. He is so funny my stomach hurt from laughing.  I hope everyone can see this show.
4	The show was very funny and we had great seats front row. My family is a huge Jerry Seinfeld fan and so it was great to see him live. His show is all new stuff and similar humor to his other routines. I would give the show 5 stars except for one small thing. At the end of the show, Jerry does a question and answer improve bit with the audience. My brother, who is a life time Jerry Seinfeld fan , asked him to say "Hello Newman". Instead of doing that though he went on some weird rant to a fan who asked about when the DVD was coming out. I think the crowd would have enjoyed him saying "Hello Newman" more. Jerry, if by some weird chance you are reading this... could you possibly do a "Hello Newman" for my brother now? :)
3	I should start off by saying that I am not a Jerry Seinfeld super fan. Probably not even a regular fan. To be honest, I didn't even know what to expect from him. Sure I have seen a couple of episodes of his show but not more than that. What can you expect? Clean and adult family styles jokes. He talks about marriage, kids, things adults love & more. For me the funniest segment was the marriage skit. However, within my group I must have sat in between the biggest Seinfeld fans because these guys could not stop laughing. I mean really, based on how much they were laughing I feel bad for giving three stars. But this review is based on my experience right?Overall, I had a good time. The venue is nice, Jerry has a good grasp on his audience and can tell a good clean joke and still make us laugh.
5	Saw him today 12/27. Jerry is fantastic...what else to say. Was laughing thru the show.  Good holsom humor.  Recommended.
5	I am not quite sure  why he got a low review score.  I was looking at it before the show started and was a bit nervous.  To be fair, I am a 100% Seinfeld fan.  From the shows, he does a bit of his own stand up, which was usually hit or miss to be honest.  Well, he didn't disappoint.  He started off kind of slow... but after about 5 minutes I was dying.  Honestly my cheeks, abs, face lungs hurt so bad from laughing the whole time. My hubs isn't such a huge jerry fan but he thought it was HYSTERICAL.  Go see him!!! :)
5	Fantastic show @ Caesars. Opening act was Larry Davis. Larry was good and only on for 10-15 mins.  Jerry was great - funny, worked the crowd and reminded me of the old Seinfeld show.  Would see him again.  Show went from 7:30 - 9:15.
