5	Looking at the National Monument my feelings are bittersweet. On the one hand, it's sad that the construction of what would have been a phenomenal building was never fulfilled but on the other hand, it looks pretty darn cool as it is, and as well as having a huge presence in the are, it also has a story to tell.It was built in 1816 and was meant to be a copy of the Parthenon in Athens in memory of the lives lost in the Napoleonic Wars but due to lack of funding it was never finished. Today this unfinished building is a well known tourist attraction and popular with locals too, from here you can get gorgeous views of the city and I even saw someone sunbathing on the steps last week.
4	Sometimes things happen for a reason.The National Monument is one of those things. Never completly finished, this amazing structure holds more presence in the city of Edinburgh than a lot of buildings that are much more grand and completly built.You may think it looks out of place, and it certainly does amongst the gothic city - but this classical reconstruction of the Parthenon stands out and is really something special.It's no wonder they call Edinburgh the 'Athens of the North'.
5	Ignore all the nonsense you'll read in tourist guides about this being "Edinburgh's Shame" as there was no money to finish it when it was built. I think it looks cracking just as it is, and when the light hits it at dusk, there are no eerier or more imposing monuments in Edinburgh. Whilst it's certainly not Edinburgh's shame, it certainly was my shame that it took me so long to take the walk up Calton Hill to take a look at this monument. I always did think it looked a bit odd and out of place, but only after doing a bit of research for myself did I find out the interesting story behind all that. It's also around a ten second walk from one of the most mind-blowing views you ever could see. Fantastic.
5	This unfinished monument is an interesting fixture in Edinburgh - you can see it from many points throughout the city, and its ruinous appearance is haunting and alluring.Designed to be a fascimile of the Greek Parthenon, it was intended to be a tribute to those who fell in the Napoleonic wars, but due to lack of funds the building plan was left incomplete.It is a marvel that they started building it, however - its grand, decayed appearance is attractive in a melancholy sort of way. Although at the time it was nicknamed Edinburgh's Disgrace, this seems to be more about money than anything else. Edinburgh's pride was dented during the creation of this monument, and when Glasgow had apparently offered to cover the remaining costs it was clear Edinburgh became even more insulted at the suggestion (there was a rivalry between the two empires during the Victorian period that is merely playful flyting between residents of both cities nowadays).There were talks a few years back about finally completing the structure, but debate rages on with many people opposing the proposal. Personally, I think it should be left as it is since it's a gorgeous relic and fits right in with Edinburgh's reputation as an educated, classical city. It's a legend within its own right now, and its skeletal shadow has presence over the streets of Edinburgh.
