4	This is a great neighborhood bar and has a suprisingly tasty breakfast and the food is VERY reasonable priced.  They have Blue Moon on tap, so be sure to get a "Blue Moon & O.J." instead of a mimosa with brunch.Live band on the weekend nights is very entertaining but can be a bit too loud for conversation.  TVs just about everywhere provide excellent coverage for whatever game(s) are on.This place isn't flashy, but it's always clean.  Just be aware that you'll end up smelling like a deep fryer after spending any amount of time in here.The crowd is always friendly and the service is usually top notch.
3	Popped in here awhile back, watched a decent local band do classic rock for about :30 min. It was pretty empty for a Friday night (the place is deceptively bigger than it looks from outside). Mostly older, rougher crowd, they mostly felt like neighborhood regulars. Drinks were cheap (why they get three stars).Kinda dingy atmosphere in here, felt old and tired. With a face lift and some hope, perhaps the OBR can rise again... you let me know....
4	I remember driving by this bar a couple of years ago and laughing out loud because the parking lot was packed at 8am.  I was asking myself, who the HELL *are* these people, getting loaded this early?!Fast forward two years later, and I've become one of "those people"  Well, with the caveat that I'm not getting loaded.Now I figger that my excuse is about as good as they come.  I'm working nights from 6pm to 6am, and after putting in a 12 hour shift, sometimes a man wants to have a damn drink, get something to eat, read the newspaper, relax a bit.  This avoids the unwelcome alternative of "unwinding" by drinking at home alone at 7am,  which tends to generate feelings of being a total loser.So anyway, ye Old Brass Rail opens bright and early at 6am, which is perfect.  As with any bar opening at this hour, there is your contingent of old man alkeeholic regulars, but this particular place also seems to be popular with the nurses getting off the night shift at a nearby hospital.  They usually enter in groups of 2-4, ordering double long island ice teas, and getting their drink on in their scrubs.  Some of them are even cute.The service is attentive and low-key.  Drinks are cheap and there are several breakfast specials available for under $5.   The food is nothing amazing but it gets the job done and the price is definitely right.   The first time I walked out of there after paying $7 for breakfast with a tall  gin and grapefruit juice, I knew that I had found a winner.There is a smoking patio with misters, but much to my dismay I got bawled out one day for taking a plate of pancakes out there. APPARENTLY, there is no food served on the patio, nor is the consumption of food that you have brought out to the patio yourself tolerated.  The reason given was pretty lame too, it basically boiled down to the fact that they didn't want to deal with people bitching about smoke ruining their breakfast, or something, blah blah blah.   So far, that has been my only negative experience at this place.The joint could use face lift, like another reviewer mentioned, but doing so might erase some of its character.Just watch your step on the way out the door, there's a slight incline that's easy to get tripped up on. :-O  Regulars will back me up on this.
3	Yeah, it's a little dingy, but that's kind of part of the charm. Sort of. Not sure I ever would have taken the time to check it out were it not in my hood, but it is, and man, it is always hoppin'. So my curiosity got the better of me. It's been described as a neighborhood bar in previous reviews, and it definitely has that feel, as though we might have been the only ones there that hadn't been there before. Been there twice now, once for breakfast on a weekday, once for drinks on a Friday night. Service was friendly and efficient both trips.Breakfast on a weekday:Ordered the veggie omelette, and it was... ok. It was cheap, and cheap is good. Makes you a little more forgiving.Drinks on a Friday night:Cover band called Velvet Tigers played a well rounded rock mix from the sixties through present day. Drinks were cheap, and strong.Will I be back? Yeah, probably. I don't know that I'd go out of my way to get there, but it's in my hood, like I said, so I don't have to.
4	If you want a good cheap breakfast this is the place to go. There food is very good and reasonably priced. I try to get there at least once a weekend. Very nice atmosphere. Seems like a good neighborhood hang out.
4	The Old Brass Rail has replaced Ihops and Denny's pretty much completely for me.  The breakfast is just perfect for me and its 3 bucks!  2 eggs any way you want it, 3 bacon/sausage, hash browns and 2 slices of toast.  I eat pretty much all of it and I'm neither stuffed and slothy nor wanting more.  3 bucks!I gotta say once in a while the bacon is a little bit too crispy, and the hash browns aren't as crispy as I like it, but hey for 3 bucks I'm taking that risk every time!  And its not like I haven't paid more for flops at a more expensive place before.  I would also recommend the spicy/seasoned fries.  Very good.  Other than that, the sandwiches and burgers are pretty run of the mill.  Good pricing of course.They also have dinner specials.  I think something like meat loaf dinners and pork chop dinners on certain nights for like 5 bucks.  Never tried it but have been meaning to.All in all, this place is pretty awesome once you get past the dark, dingy atmosphere.  But I think its on purpose.  :)
3	Divebar..where the drinks are cheap.. its in the Phoenix  ghetto , and you can play darts and bar games. Sounds o.k. ..Wouldn't seek this place out.. Wouldn't avoid eitherSome of my friends have beforenuff said
3	popped in for lunch and beer today. Had the special, BBQ Beef w/ fries and Cole slaw. It was okay. The slaw was actually better than many places it had flavor beyond just mayo. The half pitcher of beer was cold. The bartender/waitress was friendly and had a sense of humor. The jukebox was playing and it was pumping out a great selection of classic rock hits. The place is pretty big. The bathroom is tiny and somewhat dingy. There must be 20 TVs there to watch. They have karaoke one night a week and have pretty good size stage/floor for that. They have a daily special and offer their cheap raved about breakfasts meals until 2pm daily. Half price on some appetizers as of 3pm and discount drinks. Place is a bit dark but clean. There is one pool table and two arcade games. It seems to me that it must be a serious drinking place because it doesn't offer much to do in the amount of space that is there. Oh and there is plenty of bar space to belly up to, the bar is huge! The menu is so-so , nothing fancy or extensive but one should find something on it, with most things under $9. I suspect I will eventually pop in again to try the raved about breakfast menu.
2	I went in for the cheap breakfast for the first time at noon today. I had the $3 plate. It was okay. My toast was perfect & buttery. I was going to have the $4.75 plate with french toast until I learned it came with one slice of toast! That was very disappointing to learn the price jumps a $1.75 and you get only one slice of dipped toast but could get two pancakes, it doesn't make sense. I wonder how big and fluffy the pancakes are, but not enough to risk it and order them. I just don't get it, why they think one slice of french toast is a fair deal. Anyhow the eggs and bacon came with that, they were cooked okay. Could have done a more presentable delivery of the meal at home. Have seen a more presentable job done at many other eateries through out the USA at independently owned or chain restaurants. So I'm in no rush to return here for the breakfast, even if it is cheap. Unlike some I won't be abandoning other long standing breakfast joints for this. After all you get what you pay for. And i prefer my breakfast in a sunny and brighter place as well verses a dark drab bar, but to each their own choice.
4	I was staying at a nearby upscale resort and my date took me to OBR for Sunday morning breakfast. When he told me about the $3 breakfast, I thought to myself, "Geez, is this guy cheap or what? No champagne brunch?" But, he was right! The #1 was really good, certainly not something you'd expect from a place that is essentially a bar. It was certainly heads and tails above Denny's. He had the one w/ biscuits and gravy - rich and heart-stoppingly delicious (I had a bite). And, the service was friendly and efficient. While the atmosphere is dingy and tired (but clean) as reported by other reviewers, it seems to all work together, including the interesting mix of patrons and wait staff. Even the just two choices of jam (concord grape or strawberry) seemed fitting. We were there before 10 am when alcohol could be served, so I think I missed the full OBR experience. I guess I'll just have to go back... It was one of the highlights of our visit to Phoenix, for sure!
4	This place is great!  If I want breakfast (served until 2pm!) it's hard to come up with something that sounds better than the Brass Rail.  It's cheap and it's straight forward, delicious breakfast!  I've had the eggs/bacon/hashbrowns/toast meal, which is hard to beat, and the pancakes, which I scarfed down without giving a second look a the appetizer that I had ordered (which was also very good).  What more could you want than delicious, traditional breakfast, very low prices, and friendly service?  Try it!
4	Please keep in mind that this place is a "DIVE BAR" and an excpetional one :) Having had the $3.50 breakfast, a dive bar mimosa (Blue Moon beer with orange juice), great quick, friendly service under $10 - - priceless.  It has a ton of old sports flags from all leagues and teams ... very clean (including the bathroom).  This place is kinda outta the way but definitely worth it.  All my friends visiting will experience this place at one point or another (closer to PHX :)
4	For some reason, probably a reason associated with heavy drinking habits and/or retardation, I can't ever remember the name of this place.  Since I'm unable to, whenever I bug my coworkers to go there I simply make up a new name for it.  For example:"hey guys, we should go to old Mcdonalds house of Brass Railroad Tracks."or"Hey, lets go to Brass Traintrack Rails at noon."Since most of my coworkers have not been afflicted with heavy drinking habits and/or retardation they know what I'm talking about.I sought this place out as a lunch time place during work hours since often I crave a simple beer for lunch instead of caloric "food."  Usually my fellow workers and I will end up at the Dirty Drummer, since it's right across the street from our office building.  This was fine for a while until I realized that The Dirty Drummer is actually fucking gross, the atmosphere is depressing and the servers are visually annoying.  Thanks to my obsession with Yelp and alcohol, I was able to find this little gem, a simple and tasty dive bar that is literally four minutes from our office.  Old Brass Rail is large and not at all intrusive, it's not so local that everyone looks at you when you walk in and it's not so detached that they don't care that you're there.  Plus, they have those high top bar tables that are fun to sit at, especially when they're spread out and you don't have to hear other people's conversations.  They have a million flat screen TV's for when the conversation slows or when you dine with boys who are distracted by lights and moving objects around them.I've only been there twice, both times we had the same server, both times all my comrads ordered the amazingly reasonable and genius idea of a three dollar breakfast until 2 p.m.  Everyone loves breakfast, and to serve a cheap breakfast at a BAR until 2 p.m. is god damn fucking brilliant.  The server was super nice, sweet and friendly, remembered us, offered suggestions, was not put off by the fact that we are an unlikely group to be at bar in the middle of a weekday.  I can honestly say that both times I thoroughly enjoyed my Old Brass Railroad Tracks experience. I didn't order breakfast because I am not a "breakfast food" person.  I order lunch, even in the morning.  I ordered the chicken strips and a salad, I've also had the fries.  Everything was what you expect as far as bar food but genuinely not gross, with the added bonus that it was NOT, in fact, The Dirty Drummer.  Also, it's not over priced for what it is, 7 for an app, 7 for a burger, cheap beers, good specials, 4.50 pitchers, such a great find.  Also, 3.50 breakfast AT A BAR- GENIUS.  In addition to the totally acceptable food, pleasant service and good prices, you get the added bonus of checking out an old school cigarette vending machine on your way out.  I hope to return to Train Tracks of Brass Railroad Bar soon.
5	If you like too drink but don't want a big bar tab this is the place to be. My boyfriend and I love to drink heavily when we go out and I was amazed at the bar tab when we left. I believe we drank about $75 worth of liquor and paid $30. The band on Fridays was good blues band and well worth the entertainment. We went back on Sunday to try there breakfast...I was amazed at the food you get for such a low price. A breakfast for two $13 including coffee and OJ. Our waitress Angie was delightful and very nice. I am a picky eater and cookie cutter places like Ihop and Denny's don't impress me with there over priced stale foods and horrible service. This place gets 2 thumbs up from me!
5	I really like this place. It's close to home and the staff here is pretty cool. Great specials on drinks and I have been impressed with their food. I either order chicken fingers with honey mustard because it's kinda spicy or the rueben and neither let me down. I feel like I'm in Cheers- same people here everytime I come and the vibe is very chill.  I want to recommend this place, but I feel like it is a secret spot so don't tell your friends ;)  if you are in the area looking for a drink then definitely stop by.
5	Great for breakfast...Great for lunch...Great for Happy Hour...Great for late night food...Great "Philly Cheese Steak", Ruben is great, Happy Hour Domestic Beer $1.75 pint.Music is always great !  Depending on who is there,  its always different...Just can't wait to go back everyday...tim
2	It's cheap and is open at 6 a.m.  This is pretty much the only pros I can think of this place.
4	I love this place. They have the cheapest and best breakfast food I've ever had. They make the best bacon in all the land!!
4	This is a great place to come for breakfast. It's cheap and yummy. You can get hashbrowns, eggs, biscuits & gravy and bacon all for $5.50 and its a large portion. I also love that they cook their Bacon properly and its not fatty or gross and limp.Not only is the breakfast awesome, but the drinks are strong and the service is always friendly and on point.
3	Ok...so last night we only needed a few things to make the evening successful...1) Televisions showing the first (official) football game of the season (Giants vs. the icky Cowboys...hey, it's MY review and I can call them whatever I want!)2) Full bar...or in lieu of a full bar, at least a working fridge with jack, coke, jager and bud light...(oh yeah, we're high falootin' aren't we?)3) Enough wherewithal to pretend that something is on 'happy hour special'...we're ok if the place just makes something up...And for fulfilling our needs rather well, and our wonderful server Holly, I am delivering 3 stars...yes, the jager was a little pricey (I believe it was $5/itty bitty shot), but since that wasn't part of the 3 commandments, I'm not gonna ding this place for points...Hubby went with the patty melt and spicy fries, I decided to go for the gold and ordered a bacon mushroom cheeseburger (also with spicy fries)...the fries were yummy, I wasn't a big fan of the mushrooms on the burger, but the bun, burger, cheese and bacon were delightful...or maybe that was the jack & coke talking...if so, it doesn't matter, when my belly and brain are happy, EVERYONE is happy. Towards the end of our excursion, they rolled in the karaoke, so it started getting a little louder and we decided to take our party elsewhere, but after visiting 3 other totally packed sports bars, we're happy we were able to find this little neighborhood gem.  Good prices, decent food, not jam-packed with tools. Sweet!
4	Maybe it's because I was drinking heavily (which is NOT a usual occurance!) but I really liked this little hole in the wall!  The server was fantastic!  She kept our glasses filled at just the right times (which was way too many!)  I don't think most people tip well here because she was shocked with a good cash tip. (So when you go...be nice and tip well!)   The bathroom was clean, the music was great!  The band was ReGroove, and it was just a fun night!  The clientele was interesting ;o) Drinks were pretty strong and cheap!  We'll be back for sure!
4	I like the OBR. Great breakfast that wont set you back. The restrooms are clean, and the wait staff are always attentive. I have only visited during breakfast hours, so I don't know about the bar experience.
1	Food poisoning alert. There is no doubt in my mind that this incident was caused by the order of potato skins I was served at this un-fine dining establishment. First off, the cook looks like somebody off the street, at least wear an apron buddy.    Now we are watching the games there and it's about 30 minutes after I eat 4 fairly large skins which I dipped in sour cream and the rumbling in the stomach started. Five minutes later, I was depositing those skins in their tiny toilet and trying to hold on while the games ended. Lastly, another stop was needed on way home to drop off some more skins. This place is full of local drunks, but a good watering hole (yeah literally). Go here to drink and stay away from all food. Also, it was 8 bucks for one order of skins. Why do places charge the same price for apps as they do for sandwiches. It's another sign of a clueless place with poor food and hygiene. Bad choice.
4	Came here with a friend yesterday for breakfast. The food was good and the service was excellent. They have lots of televisions so I was able to watch the inauguration and highlights from the playoff games while I enjoyed my food. They have a standard two egg, hash browns, and bacon or sausage for $4 but I went for the $6 option and added pancakes.
1	Denny's + a local dive bar = The Ole Brass RailThis place is nasty dog. Only had 1 beer here, but the poor ventilation left me smelling like greasy hash browns.  Was misled by the sign that indicated that this was a sports bar.   It's not, it's a sketchy dive bar in a sketchy area that for some reason specializes in breakfast food.  If you eat anything here, say your prayers before and after you eat.
4	Here's what I know...I went for a happy hour, and got a pint of beer, wings and mozzarella sticks for $12. No pretentious people allowed here, so it had that going for it. It's almost a dive bar, almost a sports bar, but definitely a great spot to meet a friend or 12 for happy hour and to catch up without a huge crowd or crappy bartenders. I love places like Brass Rail and wish I had one right down the street from my house.
4	I live in Peoria so the haul down to the bar was quite a distance. However, it was quite worth it on a Wednesday night. I went to hear the Karaoke and was pleasantly surprised to realize that it was indeed quite good! The "regulars" came out and sing to their hearts content. Country, Rock, Easy Listening... good stuff!!!The Wednesday night special was also delicious, as were the fantastic rum and Cokes. The bartender was always ready. Always helpful! I only had two drinks, but, "Sheesh!", that did it for me!! I'd love to go back to that place...on a weekend. When I don't have to be at work the next day at 4am. BTW, watch out for the floor/handicapped ramp as you enter/exit the building. It'll get ya!
1	First off let me tell you that my husband and I have been making this a regular stop about 8-10 times a month. When we have to go to a couple stores and we we stop there first to have a meal because it is across the street.  One I had worked till 3:30am and had not woken till about 10:30 am and When my husband said we had to go to a couple stores I suggested a stop for something to eat at what had been one of my favorite places. Good food, mostly nice service friendly atmosphere and seemingly clean. My husband always orders for me so he asked what I wanted. I told him I would like coffee with my food because I was cold  then I might have something after eating. I ate my taco's my husband ate his breakfast.  When the second person came around he asked if he could get us anything else. I asked for a rum and coke. he said something to the effect of he wasn't serving anymore drinks that day. We actually thought he was joking then he brought us the bill. I asked him again for a drink and he said I looked drunk. Tired maybe but hadn't had anything to drink that day. I paid my check and told him that we would not be back. He said, " who cares". He heard my husband order coffee from the other barmaid with my meal. My husband always orders for me. Point is that although they stay busy most times they just lost over $200+ a month because of his behavior. Maybe they should think to ask the person they took over for what the story was. Did my shopping and now I will go spend my money somewhere else.
3	The Ole Brass Rail is a staple dive bar in my hood.  I've only been privy to it in the morning/early afternoon and can to speak to its charm then.A neighbor introduced me to it as "that place you go" when you want eggs on the cheap. Why? They're yummy and they're cheap. And they're good! There are three basic breakfast options (no substitutions). $4 will buy you eggs, hash browns, sausage or bacon and toast. Can't go wrong there!  $6 is the same w/French Toast, Pancakes or a Biscuit. I've never tried anything else off the regular menu, however they do offer omelettes and regular lunch and dinner options. There's never any parking. (Seriously). This gritty place offers ample television viewing options to catch a game. (Twenty one of them!) The downside is there doesn't appear to be any sound offered. Wifi if you want it. A pitcher of beer is five bucks. Apparently this is a really good place to get tanked on the cheap. Or to recover from a hangover. There is a full bar with ample seating.The service is very laid back. And by that I mean you may need to wait. And wait. Be very ready to place your order. The servers have worked here forever and are super, duper nice. They have tons of tables to cover. They're a-ok with you getting up to re-fill your own coffee. (Take that as you will as a measure of service. But for the Denny's rock bottom pricing there's not much to complain over.)This is a very local, casual, older, place. This is not a fancy place. This is not "let's go here after church" place. I don't even know if there's a dress code. There's charm and character tho. If you're in this neck of the woods and hangry check it out!
3	Ventured to this place for one reason: near-to-home karaoke. The reviews were mixed - some proclaiming excellence and others less than stellar but none of them regarding the karaoke. I wanted to see for myself.One, the parking is dismal. But, if needed, the post office is only half a block away with a nice big lot and available for parking (which is where I parked the Saturday I went).Two, the place is a dive bar - nothing more, nothing less. When I arrived, there were several people at the bar and several groups at the tables. Karaoke was in full swing and there were singers up. When sitting at the bar, I was immediately served by a male bartender with an easy smile.Three, beer. The selection is fairly standard, the commonplace brews you can find in most bars - Bud, lites, Mich, etc. I was happy to find Woodchuck served, and not just served but on tap. (This is the only place - bar or liquor store - I've found since moving from the Midwest that offers my favorite hard cidar. I'm sure there are more, just haven't found them yet.) The price was a little steeper for that Woodchuck though than I'm accustomed. But that could be since the company that makes it is a small brewery in the Midwest and do not commonly distribute this far west.Four, Karaoke DJ. A nice wooden dance floor was where the DJ made house for karaoke. Decent set up (one more like I'm used to with a lap top instead of cartridges like a few places I've seen since moving here), and a decent selection. I think he had books available, but he said it is often easier to simply write the song you want down and, if he has problems, he'd let you know. I was happy to see he had several bands/artists that are a little less known karaoke-wise that I enjoy to sing.The DJ did sing, unlike some places where they refuse. But it wasn't an issue as the rotation wasn't overly long, and he was good about weaving new people into the existing line up. There were singers (like all places) with good voices and others without. It's not an overly young crowd. I'd say late twenties and up.The only annoyance was the sound system was wonky. There was really only one or two good places to stand with the microphone to keep feedback out of the speakers. For someone like me who likes to sit in their seat, instead of standing on the dance floor, that was a drawback.I did not eat while at the establishment. But there were a lot of people who did. I checked out the prices which seemed VERY inexpensive and also checked out the portions others had which were VERY large. But I can't attest to the quality. Despite negative reviews (and possibly at my own peril) I will try the food in the future however. I was happy with my experience. The people were polite and friendly, the service was good and not intrusive, and the karaoke was fun and had a receptive crowd. While not going to be a regular haunt, I'll certainly come back in the future.
3	The working man's breakfast hole that has been feeding locals cheaply  since long before many of us could identify Phoenix on the map.  If I was ever a location scout and needed a seedy local dive bar from which my main characters could procure a map from an unkempt local in order to launch their adventure i would start here.
2	This used to be our favorite breakfast place.  Now the food is hit or miss and service is very spotty.  Sometimes they're really slow, sometimes they just get the order all wrong.Last time we were there, our eggs over hard came out easy, the bacon was like jerky (which I didn't really mind), and the hash browns were burnt on the bottom.  My dry english muffins were sogged down with butter (squeezed a tbs out of each half).Like I say, its been spotty so I think I'll give it some time before I try them again.. :/
4	Tina was our server, she did a great job!Came here for breakfast, on the recommendation of a great friend.Had the #2 breakfast special, 2 eggs, hash browns, and a biscuit with gravy.The biscuit and gravy were tasty, though likely premade gravy, and frozen biscuit. Not a complaint, just an observation.The price of three meals was extremely reasonable.I would recommend this place for breakfast.I also hope to check the place out in the evening.
5	This place has great service..yummy breakfast..and a kick back atmosphere.  I love it here!
5	Love this joint. Best breakfast for the buck. BnB Breakfast aNd Beer. Love the staff. Yay tacos.
5	Down-home live music dive that's family owned and offers a great value for the money. Cheap drinks, good food, no cover (usually). Opens at 6 am most days. Get over here.
3	Met some friends here one night who frequent the place. It's a great dive bar with good food and a great prices. Breakfast is great and good music.
