4	Have been to Global 4 to 5 times now and it is consistently good. Very unassuming location (in an office park off of Johnson Rd. on 485) but they make the best of it. Great service that seems like side jobs for local Johnson & Wales kids (who else would be able to describe the cooking method for each entree that descriptively? Maybe... I don't know). Chef covers many different cuisines, hence the name, but seems to do best with creations of his own (try the pork belly if it is ever on the menu). Worth the trip. Decent to above average wine list.
4	I love this restaurant. Due to it's size, it's very cozy. The food is excellent and the service is terrific. It's not in the greatest location so I wonder about their longevity, but for a nice, romantic dinner, this is definitely one of our favorites. The scallops we had were to die for.
4	Quiet, hole-in-the-wall place near Ballantyne (in the office park near Earthfare). Restaurant is decorated fairly well considering it is in an office area, and there is a full bar.The food is very creative - I believe the name comes from the fact the chef works in all kinds of cuisines, hence the greek appetizers, southern style pork, french-style roast chicken, etc. It is a little frenetic on the menu, but the kitchen is able to turn out lovely renditions of classic items. In particular the duck with french lentils and fig sauce is sublime. Desserts are good, but nothing outstanding. I would go over to Salara and finish the evening there instead (or go across the street to Vintage!)
4	Great food...quiet atmosphere...definitely a good date place, esp on Valentines Day.I had the W&D Mushroom Ravioli...Belgian endive salad...both very good. The vegetarian options were clearly marked (definite plus in my book!)
2	It sounds good on paper - but the execution isn't there.  Would be much better if they stuck to one cuisine they did well, instead of trying to make each dish based on a different region.
3	My wife and I ate dinner here on a Thursday night.  At that time there were only a few other diners, so it was quiet and we received plenty of attention and enjoyable conversation with the waiters.  The food we were served was quite good by any standards but especially by Charlotte's.  We had a cheese plate, cured beef, scallops,  mushroom ravioli, and finished with mouse.  The food was all very flavorful, well presented, fresh, some local, and creative.  The bar menu is also very good with a pretty good selection of wine by the bottle and glass, and there are a few unique beer options if that's your preference.  I had some of both.  The only thing lacking was our dessert course, which was a bit thick and rich for what we expected of a mouse.  The major downside to this restaurant is the location and the atmosphere.  It's located in an office park, which has a very deserted feeling in the evening. It's also buried pretty deeply as was evidenced by the abundance of signage directing you to the restaurant, and not that easy to find.  Inside the restaurant, it seemed to be trying so desperately to make you think you aren't in a space intended to be an office.  The industrial carpeting and drop ceiling were ever present.  The art, music, and other decorations make you feel like you are in the star trek cafeteria.The food is great, but this place would be so much better in a more authentic location.
4	Last night, I tried Global Restaurant Bar & Lounge on the recommendation of a friend. The food was very unique, creative and succulent. Our waiter was excellent and was exceedingly knowledgeable about the menus and wine. My wife is a food snob and raved about her food. She is happy, I am happy.
2	My husband has wanted to eat here for two years now. We finally made but we will not be making a second trip. If you are hungry make sure to eat beforehand, since the portions you are served here are incredibly stingy and overpriced.  We started with the shrimp appetizer and got only 3 moderately large shrimp for $12. Not enough to share for sure. My husband ordered the W& D Mushroom ravioli and there were 6 raviolis for $22.
4	The restaurant is a bit hard to find on its own since it's in the middle of an office park, but there were plenty of directional signs to guide you along the way.  This is definitely a neighborhood gem.  We went on a Saturday night and the restaurant was perfect for a nice quiet romantic dinner.  Portion sizes were perfect, not too small nor too large.  We shared the Moroccan Delight for an appetizer, then had the Paella and Pork Tenderloin.  We ended dinner with the Nougat Glace, which was well worth the calories!  The chef even came out and spoke to every table to ensure everybody's dinner was perfect.  Service was outstanding.
4	Tucked off the beaten path in Ballentyne is this little gem. Would never have known about it had it not been for the Charlotte Citipass coupon...this little book has been a harbinger to many a great dining experience. One of the few fine dining restaurants in Charlotte that attempts to step outside the boundaries of normal gastronomy. The words "safe, unambitious" will not appear as adjectives to describe any of the three dishes I consumed during my wife's birthday dinner. I began the adventure with the chefs soup Du jour, Braised Boar and Rice Soup. Fantastic starter, if a bit on the salty side. I've never been afraid of a little sodium, so I consumed every last drop. For a main course, I again chose one of the chefs specials; Duck Breast, with a cauliflower puree, bean puree, broccoli rabe, finished with a honey gelee (read: honey jello). Now, I'm not usually one to fall all over themselves for kitchen gimmickry (i.e. honey jello squares garnishing the plate, purees of this and that, finished with an emulsion of blah blah, etc.); I prefer to let the locally grown ingredients (which this place boasts) speak for themselves. However, in this instance, I was pleasantly surprised at how all the flavors played off one another. The insanely bitter-but-delicious Broccoli rabe, paired with the sweet honey and savory fatty duck, was sublime. My only critique would be the two purees on the plate (albeit very delicious purees). Fortunately, the crunch of the lightly sauteed broccoli and crispy skin of the duck breast swooped to the rescue with just enough texture to save the dish from becoming a plate of baby food accoutrement. For desert, I always play it safe. If a menu declares creme brulee, then creme brulee I do order. I don't know what it is about this simple, delicious vanilla custard that commands my attention. Being a purist, I prefer the vanilla bean creme brulee over other variations, but Global forced me outside of my traditional boundaries (just as they had with the two previous courses) by serving me a trio of brulees; a mocha and a chocolate brulee accompanied my vanilla go-to. And I was happy to have the experience! Chef Bernard came out at the conclusion of the meal to make sure everything was to our liking.  This little touch is lost in today's culinary world, but greatly appreciated by myself and my fellow diners.I hope this place makes it; an odd location in a seemingly abandoned business park, coupled with the menu being prohibitively expensive for many a dining budget, will make it challenging. Fortunately, I believe that Chef Bernard (executive chef) and his wife Shannon (front of the house) are up to the challenge!
5	Global is a real find hidden among office buildings on the fringe of Ballantyne. I enjoyed dinner last night and hope to return soon. I ordered from their (held over) Queen's Feast menu and was very pleased with their braised Berkshire pork shoulder spring roll with an Asian cabbage, peanut slaw and sweet ginger soy sauce . Service was kind and attentive, food was unique, well seasoned and the portions were just right. Global is perfect for an intimate dinner, business meeting, or if you are on your own, a comfortable, relaxing environment.
5	Food was great as was the service.  One of my favorite places to eat.
3	We have tried this place twice and the food was decent, but the atmosphere and service is lacking.
2	Okay this was my second trip to Global --the first being 3 years ago and the last tonight. We were greeted by a uppity hostess ..who acted like we could not be seated or taken care of..I understand --we DID NOT have a reservation, but it was a Tuesday Night and it was 6 PM and No one was there....no one other than myself and the waiters. She did say she would try and I went to the restroom and came back out and she ..said..POSSIBLY we could sit at the bar...So we took it..a party of three...and we were happy to be there--it just sets the mood when the people that own the restaurant where YOU are going to spend YOUR MONEY and they act indifferent to you..We started out with a bottle of BOOM BOOM Sirah..it was good. We ordered 3 appetizers...the Mediterranean Lamb, the Berkshire Pork Belly, and Butternut Squash  Soup.   Soup was good..Pork Belly can do no wrong..EVER and the Lamb...not quite good and way to tough and well done.We then ordered the Sea Bass and the Open Raviolio. The Open Raviolio had way to much canned tomatoes, zucchini and wet veggies...not really there. The Sea Bass looked beautiful..the top 1/2 inch was edible the rest..was a tough gelatinous piece of sea carcass. NOT able to cut or eat. They did take it off the menu..The waiter ( Chris) was very good ...he was the bright light of the restaurant...The restaurant..was ALMOST GOOD..Not quite..not worth another trip back..Oh yea and it was very high priced for a Not Great place....
2	Pretty decor, great food presentation, food is average, price is REDICULOUSE for that kind of quality. I like it that this resteraunt tries to be your above average eatery, however, the taste of the food is just plain...nothing memorable. The actual location is very hidden as well. The staff there is friendly however this doesn't make up for the average food fare.
5	I have been to Global on multiple occasions such as Restaurant Week, New Year's, Special Night on the town and EVERYTIME the food has been fantastic.  The menu is always seasonal with local farm fresh produce.  I don't understand some of the reviews on Google questioning location? Many (myself included) take pride when they find a hidden gem in the neighborhood and are able to tell friends about the great food...it seems like this "word of mouth" marketing is working because the restaurant was packed the last time visited on New Year's. In my opinion this is one of the best restaurants in all of Charlotte.
5	I LOVE Global!  I love the fact that you call and can easily reach the owner to discuss reservations, specials, etc.  He constantly is searching for new dishes for his menu and new specials and has a VERY knowledgeable waitstaff that give great advice on wine selections, food selections, etc.  I also like the fact that I haven't seen any noticeable turnover in the waitstaff in the years that I've been going.  It has an incredible "comfy feel" to the restaurant and great ambiance.  Mike K.
4	Just an overall great experience. Being from Chicago we are really spoiled by great restaurants but this one can definitely hold its own. Loved everything about it, especially meeting the owner/chef after dinner when he came to check on our meal! Great time, best meal in town.
4	The food is good, the portions are small, especially the appetizers. However, the ambience is very nice and when the server describes the dishes you feel as if you are on the judging panel of Top Chef. Everything is confit or suvee, lol it's pretty awesome. The food is really good. The prices are quite high, but it is acceptable for the quality and excellent service. It is a great date spot if you want to impress a girl :) I ordered the diver scallops with the risotto cake. Superb!
5	Global is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. The food is always amazing and the service is 200%.
5	The Global is worth finding. In an area of chain restaurants, it is unique. I recently had to find an unscale restaurant near Ballantyne to host a business dinner for 12.  Some colleagues and I did an initial "site visit" or "test run" as a group of four.  We all agreed it was definitely the place to return for the larger business dinner!  One of my colleagues, who is a real "foodie", proclaimed that it was the best meal he had eaten in Charlotte!  Others, who live in Charlotte, said they did not know about The Global, but would be coming back now that they knew.  Bernard, the owner/chef, worked with me on the larger dinner party to determine a pre-set menu with my choice of wine.  The wine menu, btw, is top of the line!  Not the run of the mill, same old stuff.  Excellent explanations of a variety of bottles you don't see everywhere else. Bernard obviously works with wholesalers who carry something different.  The food and service at The Global are top notch.  Bernard is charming.  See the other reviews for more on the food. The location is truly a bit different, in an office park. It is in a nice area, so don't let that deter you.  If you are tired of chain restaurants, and desire a nice ambience, with interesting, well thought out, excellent food and wine - make reservations for a table at The Global.  Everyone that has been there with me, now has it on their list. You get what you pay for, and the value for what you pay here is well worth it.
5	Bernard & his staff are superb! We hosted a big dinner for out of town guests on a Friday night. They were one of 2 local restaurants able and willing to accommodate us on a Friday @7:30. Bernard is very detail oriented, makes great suggestions and very easy to work with. We highly recommend dinner or events at Global. Our NYC family & friends were very impressed with the food, wine and service!
4	Tucked away in a non-descript office complex, betwixt some unsightly concrete parking structures in a part of town long-abandoned after normal business hours, you will find Global Retaurant. So unlikely is this location, that I swore my GPS had to be wrong as I was pulling up for dinner with a large work group. If you happen to be fleeing the authorities and want to grab a solid meal in the Charlotte area, this would be a good choice. Indeed, it would likely be one of the last places they'd look for you.Global delivers outstanding, complex cuisine. Its brand of New American borders features some French accents, including some contributions from the former colonies. We were a large group and ordered off a set menu.- appetizer tower: a little bit of the highlights: spring rolls (nondescript), tartare (good if you're into that) and pork belly (which was the star)- endive salad- diver scallops: this was outstanding. A difficult protein to get right, this was seared to perfection and served with a risotto cake, mizuna and a glaze. Great balance of flavors. I didn't try the duck, but apparently that was the hit.Service was really good. We were 20+ people, and they got all the coordination right. Staff was knowledgeable about all the dishes and were attentive at all the right times. I really like how they explain all the dishes at the time of service.My only knock about this place is the ambience. While I've always believed it's all the about the food, this location would seem to push that saying to the stress limit. Mentally, I just can't associate fine dining with desolate office parks... It works for a corporate group, but probably less for a date.If I lived around here, I'd go back with a significant other but make this strictly a weeknight spot.
5	I must say this was a real surprise.  Not only was the experience a memorable one for our mid-week anniversary, but it was possibly the best restaurant experience I have had in Charlotte.  We took some special out of town guests downtown a few years ago to a well-recognized old traditional Charlotte restaurant, and spent (with tip) over twice the amount spent tonight per person (without discount) for a nice dinner, wine, dessert, etc. in a dining room that was way too dark to see our entrees.  It was fine, but based on comparisons to other US large city dining experiences we have had, not really that special.  Next time we want to show off Charlotte to our out of town guests, we will definitely come to Bernard.  We had a wonderful appetizer tower with 3 exceptional choices, with our favorite being a tossup between the steak tartare and the spring roll.  We ordered the duck and the beef tenderloin as our entrees, and although the beef was very good, the duck was truly superb.  We shared the nougat dessert and had brandy and coffee to finish out our evening.  I have no criticism to offer, just a hearty recommendation.  I cannot imagine that you would be disappointed.  Bernard lets his food be the star of his show - he does not need anything else to make your evening truly exceptional.
4	Business dinner and everyone went away happy. The She Crab soup was outstanding. Between the four of us we had the sea bass, steak and pork belly. We all loved the meal. The wine was nice and the pricing was fair. Very quite so we had plenty of opportunity to talk shop without being bothered.   Seems like a hidden gem in Charlotte.
4	Great little hidden gem. Loved the Pork-belly appetizer!! Had the luck to order from a brand new menu. Had the sea scallops, very tender and the rissotto "patty" was awesome! My girlfriend had the duck breast which was juicy and tasty. We ordered a bottle of French red and we drank it all! The service was very good and the chef/owner came out to greet us and was very nice. Love a restaurant with a socializing chef . Def part of the Global family.
5	Food was delicious and the service was great.  I will definitely be going back!  I highly recommend the pork belly appetizer and the lamb entree.
4	I sooooooo wanted to give this restaurant 5 stars but I just couldn't because of location.  Which I will touch on at the end.  First, the food!She Crab Soup:  10/10  The chef is a Charleston native and apparently prides himself on this dish.  Well... bravo, my friend.  I will be back many-a-times for this alone.  Fresh Bread/Cheese:  6/10  You might think this is weird to add this in the review but I thought it was pretty cool that they made fresh butter/cheese every night with their own twist.  It just so happen that cream cheese and dill was below average to my pallet.Pork Tenderloin:  9/10  Succulent! Delicious tender pieces of pork laid over a risotto to die for... Worth a 2nd, 3rd, possibly 4th order in a row.  Additionally, they have a wide selection of local micro brews which always pushes you up on my list.  Great job, guys.  Only problem.... Located back in the middle of a corporate park well off the beaten path.  Just odd.  But a good find if you venture there.  Enjoy!!  -Ian M.
4	If you can find it you won't be disappointed.  The service was impeccable and the food was outstanding.  Good wine list and eclectic tasty food.  I will withhold the 5th star to see if they can perform with a full menu rather than the restaurant week one they served tonight.
5	Easily one of the best restaurants in all of charlotte. This place is a hidden little gem. Hands down it is creative, unique and always we'll executed.  For those looking for a culinary adventure this is definitely your stop. Mmm... Oh and the wine is good too!
4	Went here for a restaurant Week and it was a pleasant surprise. I never even knew he restaurant was there because it is in corporate building. The food was great. We had the shrimp ooh la la which was excellent and the NY strip. The chef came out and greeted us which was nice. I would definitely go back
4	This is a wonderful place located in a quaint spot in Toringdon Way. The food and service were both excellent. The decor was terrific and the atmosphere was perfect for a romantic date night. The location is the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars. It's in the back of a corporate park off of a path and it's just a little strange. Other than that it's a very nice place to eat
5	I have found a new favorite Charlotte restaurant....in a very unlikely spot. Everyone in our group loved their entrees including the special Mahi which came with an creamy artichoke and chorizo sauce. She crab soup was also excellent and the apple berry tart was my favorite dessert.  The entire menu is done with an excellent flair. The wine list is especially interesting with some unusual choices and good value.  Our server was was attentive but allowed us a very comfortable, relaxed pace.
4	First time here. But not the last time.....First off, the wait staff is excellent! Very professional and friendly. He made some recommendations, and we opted for the Pork Belly and She Crab Soup. Both were excellent! She Crab soup was outstanding, with delicious chunks of crab and the cream added was just the right amount. Pork belly....I mean it's PORK BELLY! Thick bacon cut with lentils so it was YUMMY!My date got the Scallops and I got the Paella. Both were really good. Her scallops were better than my Paella, but don't get me wrong, the Paella was really good! It's just that I'm spoiled when it comes to Paella. Cafe Ba Ba Reba in my hometown of Chicago and Segovia's in Toronto really ruined it for me when juding Paella! Nonetheless, Global's Paella was good.The dessert. OMG! Their Nougat Glace was phenomenal! Very classic French presentation and preparation. It's basically a very light ice cream, but so much better! I'd highly recommend this if you come here!Overall a wonderful meal!
5	I have dined with Chef Bernard over 10 times and it never fails to be like a new first time.  What makes it so special are several things:  1) the food is just fantastic, 2) the wait staff have been there for a long time and know the food and wine/cocktail offerings like a best friend, and 3) Chef comes out of the kitchen to visit the tables and see how you are enjoying everything - and actually deeply cares what you think.  I've taken friends and clients 4 times this spring and have had most of the appetizers and many of the main courses.  I personally enjoyed the Butternut Squash Ravioli with shrimp, the Veal Tenderloin, the Divers Scallops, and the Paella, and have had tastes of the Sea Bass, Duck, and the Mahi.My favorite appetizers are the Shrimp Ooh La La and the Pork Belly (to die for!), and the She Crab Soup is a must (being from Charleston I did not believe it could be as good as it is...but it is).Let the wait staff make wine recommendations.  You will not be disappointed.
3	Food was decent, but way overpriced. Service was ok, but would have expected more. Unless we caught a groupon or received a large GC, we wouldn't go back.
2	We dined the last night of restaurant week(which we didn't know until we arrived). The menu was very limited, the appetizer of pork bellies(my husband's) was so greasy he couldn't eat it, his entree was cod and very bland. My entree, sea bass was overcooked and tasted bland and not very fresh.  The only part of the meal that we liked was the dessert.This was our first time here for my birthday and was very disappointed considering all the great reviews.  Was this any off night, maybe but will probably not go back. One positive was our waiter-very knowledgable and friendly.
5	This is the Charlotte area's best kept secret. Global Restaurant is our favorite! The food is fantastic, the waitstaff is great and Chef Bernard is personable, as well as being the best in Charlotte! We can always count on the food to be perfect. It's our "go to" restaurant for taking clients and friends from out of town. Don't forget to check out the special wine dinners Chef Bernard hosts. They're out of this world!
2	Went here for a business dinner. Do not recommend. Food was okay but uninspired and unimpressive. Wine list is extremely limited and narrow is scope...they had one Pinot Noir. The decor was equally uninspired, it felt somewhat run-down. Tinny piped music, worn tablecloths and chairs could all be overlooked if the food was better. The chef spoke to our table, unfortunately. While clearly knowledgeable about his menu, he did not have a very good tableside manner, and the server was clearly uncomfortable when he spoke to our table. On the positive side, the martini was very good, and service was excellent.Overall mediocre in terms of food, wine, and atmosphere. Unless you are stranded in Ballantyne or a hotel within walking distance, there are far better places in Charlotte to experience this type of cuisine.
4	Friday night 7pm restaurant was completely empty,  never a good sign for me.  #1 if you hungry and looking to eat lots this is not the place for you.#2 prices are a little high #3 food was good and I do recommend dessert.
