4	An award-winning spot for all manner of fine and delicious Quebec products. I can burn through money here so I have to be careful. The products they choose to feature really are exceptional, it makes you feel excited for what's happening in the artisanal food and beverage industry in Quebec. There is a room devoted to Quebec wines and ciders in addition to an extensive local beer section in the back, not to mention the cheeses, meats chocolates, jams, teas, etc. There are helpful little signs on many of the wines and other products telling you about where they are made, and any awards they've won. The staff here are always easy to find - not pressuring you, but they are around, they know their stuff, in my experience they are bilingual and happy to help out any customer regardless of language.
4	the place has become my saturday morning stop, mainly for having trou-de-beigne donuts. let's not forget the beer and jams too. prices are a bit high but that comes with having terroir produces. its one of the most interesting shops at marche jean-talon
5	The perfect spot to pick up Canadian souvenirs for your loved ones back home -- or yourself! Attractive space with a huge selection of jams, maple syrup, cheeses, mustards, wines, even dried mushrooms. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. Definitely a must-visit when at the also must-visit Marche Jean Talon.
3	I must say this place has probably the best selection of Quebec Artisan food you can find fresh, in a bottle, box or jar from all corners of the province.  The selection here really is outstanding.  Where I find challenging about this Marche however is the pricing.  I looked at a few bottles of jam and some were $8.50 or $9.  Really?  $9 for blueberry jam?  Methinks not for this guy.  I can understand if it's in an airport and also in Newfoundland bakeapple jam is more but I find this gouging!  When in the US (or Toronto) I visit Whole Foods.  This I use as the upper echelon of pricing in which I believe is fair to pay for some goods.  Even at Whole foods some of their products are way expensive.  I do know Marche Des Saveurs is a small business but I find their pricing INSANE for what they charge!Great goods!  Pricing is like you are at the general store in Inuvik!!!
