3	Amore Sports Grill is exactly what it sounds like. A restaurant / bar with games up on the TVs, pool tables, darts, etc. This place is kind of hidden. It's near all of the businesses on Frank Lloyd Wright, but just a block north on Bell there seems to be no traffic.I stopped in here last night because I work nearby, and my ride was a little late picking me up. This is probably the only place within walking distance of where I work that's open at night. I just ordered a beer at the bar (Octoberfest on tap), and the bartender was really friendly, I joined in on the conversation about movies she was having with the other patron that was there at the time.The menu had all of the things you'd expect at a sports bar. Burgers, pizzas, wings, nachos, fried appetizers, sandwiches, dinner options. I'll have to stop in for lunch some time. Happy hour prices are 11am to 8pm, so the $2 off appetizers is appealing for a quick lunch bite.
5	Amore is a great match of personality with great service and bar staff, the food is absolutely killer and it's locally-owned and operated so when the owner asks you how your experience was, he actually means it.It's the best place in the 85255 to have some laughs, delicious food and great beer varieties.Kicks the competition square in the rump.
1	Used to be Oggie's Pizza. Same place, just a little touched up. Went there for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Nachos were more of a salad concoction, like a taco salad, with the most bland salsa I've ever tasted- Tasted like thick tomato juice! Had a roast beef sandwich, which was toasted and I was never asked if I wanted it toasted, which I would have said no! In fact, it was burnt, I mean black! Couldn't taste the cheese, was dry as a board, had no sauce, lettuce, tomato, mayo, etc. etc. Wife had a antipasto salad with really vinegar-y vegetables, very little lettuce, and a bunch of cold cuts wrapped together with cheese. It was hardly a salad. I'd have to say the food was less than mediocre, verging on pretty bad! What's a bummer is that the pizza joint on Mcdowell Mountain ranch that  changed locations was actually pretty good, and this place simply isn't any good at all. Blecch! The bar is nice, there's lot's of room, space, and plenty of TV's. I might go back here to have a beer & watch a game. I'll never eat here again.
1	Went to new Amore Sports Grill with my wife and 3 kids.  My son loves the Amore Pizza in McDowell Mtn Ranch, and thought that this would give us a place for the kids, and mom and dad to have a beer as well.  Packed my pocket with quarters as the kids love video games etc.  On a Friday night there were about 20 ppl. In the bar and a few families in the restaurant.  We sat down ordered a burger, couple pizzas and wings.  Went over to get the kids setup on the video bowling game.  Sat down to drink my beer, when the owner walked over with the kids and said the games are really for adults, that they could finish the game as long as I stayed with them, (video games are adjacent to but not in the bar).  From what I heard they owner(s) were involved with Temple Bar in McDowell Mtn Ranch and did not like the families that came in with kids.  Not sure he/they understand the demographics of the area, pretty easy to understand with the Internet.  Now obviously this is the opinion of a parent, so let's talk about the food.  The burger was ordered medium temp. came out "dead" done, my wife and I intended to split it, neither us finished our half.  The wings were huge, (bigger than normal) but were really tough and under cooked.  The pizza was mediocre at best 12" is smallest and was basically flavorless and had a huge crust.  Bottomline if you want a beer and have the time to drive past, Zipps, Temple or Lazy Lizard try this place.  If this were the closest place to eat, get some gas and keep driving, it will likely be better.
3	Stopped in for a beer.  Kinda scared away from the food by the other reviews.
3	I come here quite a bit. I am a sucker for helping small local businesses survive... and I also like Tony (the owner). I also like his wife, who runs the "other" Amore's (near Thompson Peak Pkwy). The food it "good". Not great. I ALWAYS order the same things... the Chicken Cutlet Parm sandwich. I am a big guy, and a 1/2 sandwich is PLENTY for me... and it it good. My "gripe" is with the appetizers. They are good, and they always seem to be on a $5.00 special... but they seem awfully like institutionalized frozen fair. I guess what I am saying is I can easily get the same stuff from Costco. And I don't want that when I go out to eat. I try to look for something fresh and new... maybe even different. I am also not a fan of prepackages "dipping sauces" (ranch, honey mustard) that you get when you order appetizers. That's what you get here. Reminds me too much of McDonald's. If you are a fan of "aviation" it is neat to sit on the patio and watch all the rich snobs fly into Scottsdale Airport in their private jets, while you eat your curly fries!"Oggi's" used to be in this spot. I was never a fan of that place... and it obviously did not do well... I HOPE for a different end result with Amore Sports Grill!
3	Popped in late Saturday night expecting a huge crowd - ummm, no... It was pretty much deserted, except for a few die hard karaoke fans. We sat on the patio with one other group and decided after a quick drink to scram. It might have been extra-slow do to the big fight that many other area bars were promoting? Either way I'm assuming the lunch/happy hour crowd pays the bills.
4	Nice Chicago guy (Tony) owns the place and seems to run it right.  Drink and food specials are wonderful and now that Tony got the proper ovens, the deep dish is very, very good.  As close to Chicago style as I've found since I got here.  I'm a fan...the games are great if you are into video stuff and the staff seems real friendly.
1	I worked for Tony.
1	We used to come here every Sunday to watch football.  Last Sunday will defintely be my last....the food is always always ALWAYS mediocre at the very best, tolerable if you are hungry, but the last few times I have sat there hungry and waited to get home to eat.  The place always seems dirty, sort of gives me the skeevies.  The last time we were there the womens bathroom STUNK so bad, so so so so so bad, that I will never go there again.  PLEASE empty your garbages guys--a ladies bathroom is not the place to let your garbage sit for what smelled like a couple of weeks.  lastly, the pizza is terrible!  Whoever compared it to Chicago style pizza is crazy.  we moved here from Chicago a year ago, and trust me, Id rather get frozen pizza at the store and eat it than eat the pizza at this place.  Staff is nice, this is probably the only good thing about this place.
1	I have to say that I'm really disappointed by Amore Sports Grill. My philosophy is if you put an item on your menu, then your patrons should have a reasonable expectation that the item will taste good.I had the 3 meat calzone and it was so bad I only ate half of it. If you think about it, a calzone is like a deep dish pizza with a crust on it. I gave some to my wife, and she actually asked the server if this was frozen, lol. The server replied that it was made from scratch. So I'm not believing that the pizza tastes any better. And I'm pretty sure I won't return since the restroom smelled like they fired their cleaning crew a week ago.
5	Always friendly low key no hassle and cozy thank heaven Scottsdale still has joints like this.  Happy hour seven days a week from 4 to 7pm doesnt hurt either.  Get the fried cheese sticks.
1	"Not a big fan of this place. Went there 6 months ago and my bacon burger had 1 piece of bacon. The waitress came to our table halfway thru our meal and took our ketchup and gave to table behind us and didnt even say anything to us. I live super close and lookin for a quick bite but wait, no online menu.  Ugh, guess i'll pass on this place again.
1	Closed. Out of business.
