5	Pros: friendly and quick service, great food, relatively good pricesCons: NONE (not that I can think of right now...)Tucked in the row of Squirrel Hill restaurants/shops is this gem.  It opened up the second year I was in Pittsburgh...and my life was never the same again!I typically get the matzo ball soup and the turkey sandwich here.  This was one of those must-go places on any return visit to Pittsburgh.  I never had that much Jewish food before coming to Pittsburgh and was impressed by this.My new york friends claim this is just a wannabe of nyc delis, but hey I didn't grow up there!  I have come here so many times during my breaks from researching and those things that grad students do.  The owner recognizes me and often gives me the nod of familiarity.I have never been a big fan of corned beef, but my friends have always loved the Reuben and Rachel.I am still in love with the matzo ball soup here.  PDC in Shadyside comes in as a close second.  But the ball is perfectly soft and not too hard.  Just one wrapped in warm chicken broth.  My former roommate loves the fries here, but I often gulp them so quickly that I don't remember how they taste like.There was once that I came in ordering a full picnic with 4+ sandwiches.  They helpfully came up with an easy way for me to carry it.I have never been to the Smallman's downtown in the Strip, so I cannot comment on the difference.  Regardless, I love you Smallman's!
3	Came in for a greasy breakfast one morning before a jaunt to Falling Water...pretty typical diner food, but definitely hit the spot after a long night of drinking.  I had scrambled eggs, home fries and a bagel with cream cheese, and all were just fine.  Coffee was a little burnt and was self-serve in a styrofoam cup, but hey, whatever.  This place was what it was, and got the job done.
5	Oh, yum. I used to go to the one on Smallman ALL the time when I worked in the Strip. I order a grilled ham and swiss on sourdough. It's frakkin good. I was told that they must grill with a lot of Whirl. I hear it's some margarine type thingy, probably loaded with trans fat. Bring it on, Smallman Street Deli! Are you listening NYC? You can suck on your draconian no trans fat laws!I've also had a delightful grilled cheese with just the right crispiness, and a lovely cheeseburger. They only make their burgers well done, and you probably want to remind them if you want your bun toasted.Their prices are a little steeper than what I'd like from a Deli - I think the grilled cheese hits $6. But the food is tasty.
4	This place is the ultimate hang over cure. The Smallman street breakfast with ham and toast will cure what ales you. The motzo ball soup is great also. Oh did I mention how much I love their Rachel sandwich? Stacked tall with fresh corned beef, tasty coleslaw and cheese. The owner is awesome, possibly half drunk but awesome. He always says hi when you come in and makes sure you are enjoying your food.
4	On my final day in Pittsburgh, my friend and I were discussing breakfast places and I mentioned that I remembered everyone on Yelp recommended Pamela's. My friend told me she knew of a place that she thought was better than Pamela's. And that is the beginning of the story of how I had the most delicious omlette I have ever had.I usually order omlettes expecting them to be good, but usually end up disappointed in them. They somehow don't taste as good as I think they should. The spinach, mushroom, and provelone omlette I got at Smallman's was the exception. I don't know what they do, but this omlette was amazing.I also got an order of pancakes to share along with the omlette. The pancakes were about average. They came fairly close to my personal favorite pancakes at a diner in the DC area. They were fluffy and large, tasting somewhat like buttermilk pancakes. The only negative were the single portion Smucker's Breakfast Syrup packets that come with your order. The toast is made on the grill giving it charred lines that just add an extra bit of flavor. The hashbrowns were not as crispy as they should have been, but I'll potatoes no matter what they taste like. The coffee wasn't bad either. Overall it's the atmosphere of this place that won me over. The owner took our order, and immediately made you feel felt welcome. Also, students get a 10% discount!
4	So, I'm heading to Mineos on Murray Ave. in Squirrel Hill for my pretty standard hangover cure (2 slices and 2 cokes), when I happen to see the "SMALLMAN STREET" deli on Murray Ave.  Now, I used to visit the smallman street deli on smallman street in the strip district religously when I lived a couple of blocks away, but haven't been by in years.  I was pleasantly surprised to see this deli located in another part of town.  I immediately park in the automotive packed traffic jungle that is murray ave. on a weekend and head over.  I pass a subway restaurant that is jam packed with folks jamming down $5 footlongs with maybe the best deli in pittsburgh literally two doors down.  I'm assuming this one is pretty much the same as the one in the strip meaning it's basically a take out place with a couple hightops, but not meant for sit down meals.  It already has a plus than the original because this one is open today (Sunday).  I walk in and their are the coolers to my left with lots of great deli meats and specialty cheeses and a counter straight ahead where to place my order.  The menu items are posted on a chalkboard above the counter.  I order a hot pastrami signature sandwich served on rye with dark mustard, a cup of matzah ball soup and a scoop of chicken liver (I know, I most likely jewish in a former life... Don't get me started on lox).  I look to my right and to my surprise there is ample booth and table seating with a couple of TV's with NFL on.  Awesome, I can actually sit down read the paper and watch tv... Then, I see something that is another revelation.  They have a cooler full of bottles of beer and a sign that says something to the effect of help yourself... Now, this is getting good I can even have a beer with lunch.  This is much better than the original location.  The waitress brings my food in less than 5 minutes.  The matzah soup is piping hot with a delicious broth and a softball sized matzah ball.  The soup is a hit.  The sandwich is fantastic.  The rye bread is great quality and the dark mustard rich and flavorful.  The pastrami is warm and packed with tons of flavor.  It's a big sandwich, but not so big that I need to use a knife and fork.  They have like a super signature sandwich that has over a lb. of meat, but that would violate my dont' eat anything as big as your head rule.  It does have a bit of gristle on it, but that's what I prefer (however, for $1 more you can get "lean" pastrami).  The chicken liver was kind of meh'.  It didn't really have any seasoning or chopped egg.  I only put a little bit on the sandwich.  The tomatoes and lettuce on the side had also seen better days.  The total cost of the meal NOT including a bottle of domestic beer was about $15, so it's a little pricey compared to subway subs, but I believe a good value.  They cure all of their meats at their strip district location.  I was a bit confused with respect to the tipping aspect with this place.  You don't really have a typical waitress situation.  You place your order at the counter, grab your own drinks and outside of bringing you your food you don't see her again.  Some tipped nothing I noticed and some tipped little (5%).  I chose to tip almost as much as I would at a typical restaurant, but not quite 20%.  This was a great new discovery for me... and maybe, a new hangover cure.
3	Good Eats.This is a nice easy place to eat.  The foodstyle style is a homemade feeling .. and its very nicely priced.  Great easy eats.
4	I got sick while on a work trip in Pitt. I ordered some comfort food from this place and felt much better.The latkes were ok, but I'm ukie so nothing beats the potato pancakes that my baba makes in her special lithuanian potato mashing maserating machine! They used shredded potato pieces here.Chicken noodle soup was great. I don't like those big chunks of veggies and chicken in my soup and this one had them diced up finely.Lots of noodles.Best ever - noodle kugel!! I wish I had ordered another - it was awesome!The delivery was through "wheeldeliver".
5	Holy crap this place is so damn good! I'm still dreaming of their reuben sandwhiches all the way from Austin, TX. This is a must eat!
4	Their prices are a tad high if you don't get the combo special, but if you love deli food, this is where you go in Pittsburgh.  Their soup/sandwich/drink combo is the best deal on the menu, especially since they give you a HUGE bowl of soup, a double-stacked half sandwich and free drink refills.  I've gone in there starving, ordered a half corned beef with ruben fixings and italian wedding soup, eaten tons, and left with a bag full of leftovers.  And it was all delicious and satisfying.This is a great place if you're looking for a place to hang out with friends; they have comfy booths, decent lighting, and it's not overly noisy.  It's also great if you are sick and just need some love.
3	Truth be told, this place is kind of a let down. The only saving grace was the reuben, which was quite fantastic. I ordered the following:Matzo Ball Soup - Served lukewarm, no vegetables in the actual broth, which isn't a bad thing usually, but it was in this case because the broth itself was pretty bland. It tasted like normal, run of the mill, canned chicken broth. The matzo ball itself wasn't up to my standards.  A bit too firm, not enough flavor.  Overall, the soup was just a letdown considering this is supposed to be one of the best delis in the city. The gold standard, in my opinion, is 2nd Avenue Deli in NYC, and this soup didn't even come close.Chopped Liver - Average. I've certainly had worse, but it didn't really excite me.  I'm not exactly sure what it was, but it kinda had an odd aftertaste to it.  It wasn't necessarily bad, just kinda odd. Would I order it again? Sure. But I wouldn't get super jazzed about it.Reuben - Very very good.  The rye bread had a fantastic crunch to it, the corned beef was very good, the sauerkraut was great and the dressing was wonderful... overall the sandwich was very good.  It was definitely one of the top 5 reuben's I've ever had.My friend, Nema S. got the steak sandwich.  Wow. What a joke. It literally looked like dog food; it was as if they took Jack Links beef jerky nuggets, and put them on a kaiser roll.  No cheese. No onions. No condiments. Nothing.  Steak nuggets, which were overcooked by the way, on bread.  That's it.  Pretty despicable.  Then again, you shouldn't make a habit of ordering steak sandwiches at Jewish delis.The bottom line is, for a deli that is supposed to be one of the best in the city, it doesn't hold a candle to those in NYC or Philly.
4	Buy the corned beef, swiss cheese, seeded rye, potatoe pancakes, and motza ball soup. Yum.
5	I am sorry, I need to say something about this Roast Beef Sandwich I once ate. Once upon a time, there was this delicious roast beef, the antithesis of dry, on some black bread, with some horseradish mayo. It was a creation brought to life inside this very deli and eaten on a long drive. This was, in fact, THE best roast beef sandwich I have ever had, and from what I am told, possibly the best cuisine in all of pittsburgh. I have yet to fully test this theory, but, I will say, do yourself a favor, order the roast beef sandwich. I love the fact this deli specializes in Jewish food. I want to get some matzoh bri and maybe some latkes. We had the chocolate cake, which was delicious, but so full of frosting that it later doubled as nuttella and was spread on crackers. So strange.
4	I am practically a weekend regular at Smallman, so I may be a bit biased but this is the best equivalent of a Shapiro's Deli in Indy that I could find it Pittsburgh. I usually order the combo of a corned beef on rye with matzo ball soup. It's sort of my PGH comfort food.
5	LOVED it.  So cheap, so good, clean, good service.  The meatball sub I got had just the right amount of cheese, my onion rings were nice and crispy and kind of sweet.  I will go back a million times!
5	Man, EFF Deluca's. I was jonesing for an omelet on Monday so we drove down to the Strip hoping to get breakfast only to be greeted by a line of 35 or more people. Normally I would have waited but It was way too damn hot to stand outside on this particular day. So we drove to Squirrel Hill since we were going to the movies afterwards anyway. My husband remembered that Smallman Street Deli had breakfast.There was ZERO wait in the place, which I was happy to see. I ordered an omelet with mushrooms, cheese, and bacon. Husband got the crunchy French toast. My meal was excellent. A hearty sized omelet, well-seasoned and lots of filling. The home fries are made from red skin potatoes and well-seasoned where most places just give you plain potatoes with no salt or anything. Very tasty. Mr.'s French toast was sweet, hearty, and had a satisfying crunchy coating. I was a little put off by the packets of Smucker's syrup though...they could spring for some syrup in a pourer or at least a bottle.I like the service setup...you order at the counter, they bring your food, you get your own drinks. It's low-key and you don't have to worry about waiting around for a server to refill your beverage or being rushed out the door.So like I said, eff Deluca's and their long lines. This place was just as delicious, if not more so, the prices are about the same, and there was no wait, so this is my new breakfast place.
5	i don't know what else to say other than this is the best deli i have ever been to in my life.  better than any in chicago and NY, hands down.  now maybe it was only for the two sandwiches i got but i was completely blown away.1.  reuben, unreal and awesome2.  roast beef.  i don't know what the fuck they do to their roast beef but it was beyond anything i thought it could even possibly taste like.  it was like roast beef on HGH or some other PED.  it was absolutely fantastic.i will never go through pittsburgh ever again without stopping here.  completely blows Primanti sandwiches out of the water which are maybe the most overrated food in all of america
4	Great deli meats, cheeses, sandwiches and accompaniments at a decent price. Really good homemade cheesecakes, by the slice. Also carry a variety of good beers, though these are a little pricey.
4	I hoped/knew this place would be good.  You can't have a deli in the Jewish-est neighborhood in Pittsburgh and not have it be delicious.  And it's but two blocks from my house!  Who lucked out?  That would be me.We went here for a brunch on Sunday - if you can call it brunch at 2pm.  Plenty of seating.  I ordered the half sandwich/cup of soup/fountain drink deal.  It was something like $8.50, which was a pretty good deal.  Also, I wanted an old fashioned cream soda instead of a fountain drink, which costs extra but they didn't charge me.  yay!Soooo service was pretty slow, but there seemed to be only one woman taking out food orders and cleaning tables, so I can't really hold that against her.  My corned beef sandwich arrived on rye, with spicy brown mustard, and a bit of Swiss cheese.  My matzo ball soup arrived hot, with a big fat fluffy matzo ball just chillin' in the middle.  Everything was very delicious.  The corned beef was juicy, the bread was fragrant, the matzo ball was soft and delicious in my mouth.  Big fan of my meal.  I would love to come back for breakfast, lunch, or just to get some deli meat/cheese goodness.  And I WILL come back, because as I said, it's just two blocks away!  Yup, living the good life in Squirrel Hill.
3	My S.O. and I differed slightly in our opinion of this place...I ordered a tuna sandwich on wheat with a fruit side, my standard order for delis.Van ordered a pastrami on rye, his standard deli order.  My sandwich was good, not outstanding, but not terrible.  I would order again.  Van was most unimpressed with his sandwich, he thought that the bread was stale and that the pastrami serving was stingy.  Definitely a deal breaker in his book.  All and all, I like the location of this place, and it is very close to my favorite tea spot and shoe repair, so we may go back again- but we will save the pastrami for Langers.
4	PROS:- location- fairly clean- a shining star when compared to some of the other dining options in PittsCONS:- a bit pricey (considering the portion size)OVERALL: I'm a fan!The bf ordered the beef brisket sandwich (which was super juicy and tender), while I got the "award winning" Rachel sandwich with turkey. Both were definitely good, but considering the $8.50pp, I have to knock off half a star. Also, I don't know that the Rachel sandwich was an "award winning" option, but it was pretty good... It was more of a glorified grilled cheese sandwich. I'll probably be back again.
4	After a day of cleaning out the ole homestead Rick and I were just too tired to cook.    Believe me folks, we were just in the mood for some good ole fashioned comfort food.  I didn't want to get gussied up either before going out.  I just wanted a place I could go to in T-shirt and jeans, hair in a pony tail, baseball hat on.  Y'know, all this time we've lived in the neighborhood and we never once checked out the Smallman Street Deli.The dinners here are pretty basic, but oh so good!  I'm talking entrees like roast chicken, brisket & gravy, stuffed cabbage, turkey & gravy, etc.  I went for the 1/2 roasted chicken which was just delicious.  In fact, I took half of it home and I'm gonna have it for lunch tomorrow.  Rick went for the pastrami & latkes which looked good too.  Dinners are around $12-$14 each and they come with soup or salad and two sides.  I'm gonna have to come here for lunch someday and try my a sammitch.  Their U-Can't Eat It Signature Sandwich is over 1 pound of meat on rye with mustard!  Holy macaroni, I could get four lunches out of that!  They also do catering here.
4	Oh Reuben...Oh Rachel.... What's going on here?! Nothing...just makin sweet sweet love to my sammies! For reals though, so freakin' good!  The Reuben's are packed full of delicious roast beef, sauerkraut and just enough thousand island dressing to top off this amazing sandwich.  I always feel slightly guilty when ordering this because I know that big time calories are involved, but whilst spending a magical moment eating it, the calorie count just floats away! And my namesake (really...maybe??) the Rachel is equally as magical with the turkey and coleslaw! I haven't even gotten to the sides yet!  Of course the coleslaw is fantastic (dah, Reuben magic!) and being an incredibly stern judge on potato salads, this one passes the test with flying colors...er...seasonings!  Potato's aren't too mushy, good amount of mayo and the right seasonings. I can't forget the chili!  I had a couple weeks in the winter where I'd stop in every week and grab some.  It's REALLY fantastic!  I love thick chili with a melted layer of cheddar cheese on top.  Just thinking about it makes me all warm inside! The ONLY thing I'm not into is the prices.  It's no cheap deli.  More like a gourmet deli, if there is a such a thing.  I think I just add on the gourmet to justify the prices!  If the food was crappy, I would think twice.  The food saves them on the price end! Keep the good food train rollin and add on one of their enormous chocolate chip cookies or brownies. They're obviously freshly baked and totally worth the splurge.  I mean, hey, calorie smalorie!
4	Easily the best deli in Pittsburgh, eating here takes me straight back to the epic sandwiches at the Carnegie deli in manhattan.  Massive portions of fresh mouth watering slabs of cold cuts with your choice of a wide variety of free toppings.  I particularly recommend the rueben, pastrami or tongue sandwich.  A bit pricey, but well worth since you can split one of their monster sandwiches with a friend and still have left overs!
5	Lots of seating, reasonable prices, fast service, and the BEST chicken salad I have ever had. I get lunch there a lot, and the tuna salad is very good, as is the reuben, but for me, the chicken salad is the go-to...it's incredible.
3	Smallman Street Deli was one of the very first places I dined at on my first trip to Pittsburgh, and the first Squirrel Hill eatery I tried. I don't know why it's taken me three years to come around to writing this review. I guess it's fitting that it's also one of my last meals in Pittsburgh before I move away.Since I was born and raised in NYC, I have a soft spot for delis. (You had me at black and white cookie.) I like the atmosphere here--it's always nicely air-conditioned on hot days, and there's plenty of seating. The ordering system works here--order and pay at the counter, get a number for your table, and then choose any available table in the dining area. They even have a covered patio, if you want to be up close and personal with bustling Murray Ave.All the food I've had here has been solid--egg salad sandwiches, the crunchy French toast, silver dollar pancakes, the Mediterranean veggie sandwich. Portions are good and those silver dollar pancakes are about the size of regular pancakes I make at home. (A friend once ordered the regular pancakes and they were the same size as the plate.) The thing is, nothing really jumps out at me as noteworthy. Granted, I can't judge many of the things other reviewers have raved about like the Reuben and Rachel and other cold cut sandwiches.Still, because of its extensive menu, and its ample seating, I'd recommend Smallman Street Deli as a good place to go if you're eating with a bunch of people who have varying food preferences and you need some sort of middle ground.
4	Smallman's is a great, casual place to go with a large variety of things to choose from.  I haven't had any dinner type meals there, but their breakfast food and sandwiches are great.  You also get a lot of food for the money.  Most times I try to get something new, but if I'm ever unsure, the Reuben is the way to go.  Without a doubt one of the best Reubens around.And when you walk into Smallman's you could easily be going back to the 50s or 60s, where you feel like part of a community and everyone knows this is the place to eat.  There's always plenty of seating, inside or out.  Whenever it's nice, the patio is the place to sit and watch the people walk by on Murray Avenue.The staff there is always friendly and they make you feel welcome the minute you walk in.
5	I think Rachel C's post below sums up the deliciousness of this deli.  So I will echo her thoughts and simply say that this deli is legit.The corned beef and pastrami sandwiches are juicy, decadent, meaty, piled sky-high, and equal to (if not better) than many New York delis.  Amazing!The chicken noodle soup warms the soul with lots chicken breast and vegetables.  And the noodles are plentiful, not soggy, and do not dominate the cup (you know what I mean).  Yay to a great NY style deli in the 'burgh.
5	Take a really crummy day weather-wise--what better reason to go out and have a great sammitch for lunch?  Actually those who know me know any reason is a good reason to have a great sammitch.  Weddings, confirmations, bar mitzvahs, bat mitzvahs, the 8th anniversary of your second cousin's third promotion at work, or the fact that you're just plain hungry--all are great reasons!I went for the Junior Signature Sandwich of pastrami on rye.  Sorry, I just can't manage the full-sized one unless I'm sharing.  But oh my, it may have been the smaller version but it was good.  They say they make their meat homemade on the premises and boy is it obvious.  My friend Marla went for the Double Play Combo of kosher bologna and kosher salami.  Uh, okay hon!  And for you "Seinfeld" fans, they have the Uncle Leo here for breakfast--the Lox, Egg & Onion.  I've gotta try that sometime.  It looks like Smallman Street Deli is gonna be stiff competition for my other two favorite sandwich places--Ruggeri's and Frick Park Market.
4	I love Reuben sandwiches. Every new place I go I must try one. Smallman's has one of the best Reuben's in Pittsburgh and maybe anywhere. The rye bread is perfect and grilled to perfection on the grill with butter. The corned beef, I mean it is Smallman's so it gets no better than their deli cuts. Finally the sandwich comes with the perfect amount of kraut and dressing, a good Reuben can be ruined by too much of either of these ingredients.Smallman's Reuben is not the largest you will find but will definitely be the best in terms of quality you can eat. And it comes with a pickle! Man, do I love dill pickles, and Smallman's is spectacular.
4	I am definitely a fan of this place. Everything I have had there has been wonderful. The workers are friendly and have personality - they were teasing my father for wearing his Cleveland Browns hat in Steelers town, but in the end decided he "must be an okay guy" since he ordered a Reuben.I love it when it's warm enough to sit in the "outside" part of the dining area. There is nothing better than enjoying a tasty sandwich while people-watching. Definitely a legit deli. Check it out if you're in the area. There's a discount for students too - don't forget!
4	I've been to this place twice and both times were good experiences.  The food was yummy, the service was great, and the portions were large.  I've ordered the Forbes Ave Special both times because I was craving pancakes and the special comes with choice of bread, choice of pastrami or corned beef, choice of eggs, choice of potatoes AND coffee.  Did I mention the portions were large?  The pancakes are pretty standard, but they always hit the spot and this is a deli, so clearly the spotlight should be on the meats.  I've tried both the pastrami and corned beef and both were delicious as a side and in a sandwich.  I've only tried The Rachel (corned beef and coleslaw), but I definitely want to go back and try more!  The colesslaw in the Rachel wasn't too sweet, or overdone with dressing, and it went really well with the huge stack of corned beef and buttery toasted bread.Lastly, that most impressed me, was how efficiently they handled the huge sunday lunch crowd.  Usually, you walk in, get in line, order your food, and find your own table.  So, when we first arrived and saw that all the tables were full and the line was at least 10 deep, we almost walked right back out.  But, we were on a tight schedule and I was craving pancakes.  So we stayed, and after about 5 minutes of waiting in line, the manager/owner/someone-in-charge started to take down party sizes, assigning table numbers, and prioritizing orders to match the flow of traffic.  You could physically see the whole line change from hungry and discouraged, to excited and energetic :)
4	The food is great.  Selection is fantastic.  just make sure you go here when you are not concerned about calorie intake.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Very good.
2	After searching high and low, I can say that the Smallman Street Deli is probably the second best delicatessen in Pittsburgh.  That's not a huge compliment, however, as the deli scene is almost completely devoid of passable options (the only one I even like is Szmidt's, and they have a much smaller menu).This Squirrel Hill eatery is but a shadow of the pastrami purveyors of New York City.  Were it to move across the state, Smallman Street would be but a footnote, unable to crack anyone's Top 10 list in Philadelphia.  But sometimes a facsimile is good enough, or even the best one can get.  While there may be better beef brisket and superior salami on distant horizons, one can still enjoy the capable corned beef and likable lox in this little corner of Western PA.
3	A decent deli for Pittsburgh but this place is no match for other deli's around the country.  It will never be a Brent's (LA)!  They have a huge menu with very reasonable prices.  The staff is very friendly....I started off with a bowl of matzo ball soup.  This was one of the worst bowls that I have every have - 2 lumps of matzo balls in chicken broth.  There was no carrots, noodles, chicken or flavor.  I ordered the corned beef and latkes for dinner.  The latkes were excellent served with applesauce and sour cream.  The Noodle Kugel side that I ordered was OK but not great; definitely didn't taste homemade.  The corned beef was very average and looked and tasted closer to grocery store quality than deli quality.  I saw some of the sandwiches that others ordered (reuben vs. rachel (coleslaw instead of sauerkraut)).  They looked very good.  Are there no bakeries in Pittsburgh?  They get their deserts from New York (German Chocolate cake, Carrot Cheesecake, Key Lime Pie, Coconut Cake, and Red Velvet cake).
4	As a huge fan of delicatessens, naturally when my friend, the local, was driving around the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh, I had to ask, "What's the best delicatessen around?" We stumbled on Smallman Street while walking on Murray Avenue, and it was a total standard run-of-the-mill Jewish deli...just how I like it.Pretty good price for sandwiches at about $9 for pastrami or corned beef.I also liked the diversity of beer options and the fact that they carried so many types of desserts and sides.When it came time to order, I went with the classic pastrami on rye with mustard.I gotta say that the pastrami was pretty tasty and the rye bread was one of the best I've had anywhere....BUT the mustard was incredibly lackluster. This is surprising considering that it's Pittsburgh, the city of condiments! I am curious next time I visit whether other deli's exist in Squirrel Hill, the heart of Jewish Pittsburgh. Smallman Street did the job though, and I would recommend.
4	This is my favorite deli in Pittsburgh. It's one of the few places where I can get a sandwich that would be acceptable to serve in New York. All the meats, cheeses, toppings, and breads are fresh and of high quality. Smallman also offers a number of entrees (from breakfast through dinner) and delicatable soups (matzo ball to name one).The staff is also very accomdating.
3	Went here yesterday to order lunch to go.  I ordered a reuben, which was good, but I found the prices to be a bit skewed on the high side for what you receive.  Overall I got what I wanted, but I don't know how often I would be back.
5	This is my NEW favorite deli in Pittsburgh.  All the meats, cheeses, toppings, and breads are fresh and of high quality. The staff is very fast & friendly. The Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is great. I love supporting small local businesses, And this place fit's me perfectly ! Great Job guy's !
2	This place wasn't great, but it was cheap and there's a student discount if you have your ID.
4	Smallman Street Deli is *the* deli in Squirrel Hill.  Everything here is good.  The chalkboard menu is a bit intimidating because there are just SO MANY choices.  I got the baked ham and Havarti cheese on Bolki roll, which came with a pickle slice, and hugged it up with a bottled black cherry soda.  Everything was fresh and tasty!Only reason it doesn't get 5/5 is because I've been to delis in NYC and well, that's where 5/5 lives.
3	I live in squirrel hill, and order take out often. The burgers and fries are to die for when they're made right.... As often as I eat here, I guess I would recognize the hiccups, but that's unusual. Every so often, the meat used to make the burgers tastes/smells funny... I was so disappointed the last time, because I got home and the burger was bad... I had to throw it away... My boyfriend likes the matzoh-ball soup and the grilled cheese sandwiches as well. The turkey burgers are pretty good (never had a bad one).
1	Terrible. Fatty Subway like turkey.  Take out Rachel made with corned beef not turkey.  Very dissapointing.
5	Had to give these guys another thumbs-up ! I stopped in today for breakfast to find a deal on Pumpkin Pancakes with walnuts and cranberry syrup. ! Wow what a combination huh ? Let me tell ya , they were GREAT. My breakfast with coffee totaled less than $10.00 and I was full for the whole day.You cannot be disappointed here , Breakfast , lunch or dinner. Fast friendly staff excellent service.Great Job Guys , Keep up the good ..... Great Job.
5	This review is exclusively about breakfast. Our group was especially hungry for a good breakfast, but "the breakfast place" up the street was pack. I was aware that Smallman's had a substantial breakfast menu so I dragged the group here and all of us were extremely impressed. Within our group we had a bagel, an omelet, pancakes and corned beef hash, and no one voiced one complaint. I especially liked the brewed coffee, as it was above average in quality. I found the prices to be very reasonable and there is plenty of room to find a table. As a result, this has become our favorite breakfast spot in Squirrel Hill, without a doubt.
5	Sandwich Porn. SO SO good.
5	So, at this point, I have had the Pastrami, the Roast Beef and most recently: THE CORNED BEEF!!! OMG the corned beef! Where have they been hiding this most special of deli meats? I have come to the conclusion that my initial sandwich experience was actually with the corned beef, not the Roast Beef. The Roast Beef is good too, but the Corned Beef was my true love from the start. Good Latkes too.
2	I wanted to believe the good reviews. The food was nothing special and a bit overpriced. But the staff. Wow. They seemed disgruntled and generally unhappy. The lady on register who seemed distracted when I was ordering was botching orders all over the place. As I sat through a 30 minute lunch I heard 3 tables correct the wait staff on their order once it arrived. I ordered fries as a side and she bellowed "I need a small fry" to the grill. She then asked if I did want small fries. I said sure, small is fine. Since the order was already bellowed why break their rhythm. The kicker was when the fries didn't come. I told the waitress when she brought my burger (the special that day). She said "okay" and went to retrieve them. She returned to doubt my story of even ordering fries, first asking if I remembered how much I paid. (Yeah, I'm going to try to scam fries from this place). I reached to my jacket to get my receipt to check but it wasn't in my pocket, realizing I was essentially being called a liar I then just said "forget it". The waitress said "no, don't worry", and left. She came back a few minutes later to tell me she found the order and I was right. (Good to know I'm not a thief I guess.) Once my burger was nearly gone and I was 20 minutes into my lunch out came the disputed fries. They were hot and looked far better than the burger, but I was over it. The waitress offered to put them in a box. Yeah, how delightful would they be in about an hour or so, or maybe tomorrow? Mmmm. Are you serious?To her credit the cashier came around and did apologize half heartedly. I assume she disputed my claim of undelivered fries in front of her boss or something. Either way it was classless and insulting. The place likely survives lunch due to very little competition. I walked out past all the Best of Pittsburgh banners thinking the whole city must be bereft of decent service. I know that's not true though.
5	Best Ruben in town. Can't beat the Corned-beef.
4	I came here with my boyfriend on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered a reuben and a pastrami sandwich to split half and half. We loved both of them! My only criticism is that the reuben was pretty skimpy on the meat.I wouldn't come here during lunch time if you're in a hurry. Our sandwiches took about 25 minutes to come out.
1	Who cares what the food taste like when you're sitting their for 40 minutes waiting for a soup and bagel? It's not even Kosher, so there's nothing keeping me there. I'd be happy to go to the Bagel Factory instead!
4	After living in New York for a few years, I became a bit of a deli snob. One rachel and matzoh ball soup order later, and I was reassured that Pgh can hold its own in the deli scene! This is definitely our go-to place for grabbing a quick meal, or when we are craving a sammy. The food is very reasonably priced, and the staff is quite friendly. Also, a bonus is that they have bottled beer available for you to sip on with your meal.
4	i was in charge of choosing our thursday dinner, which basically means 'ehhh let's eat out!' i looked to yelp & filtered the search to the squirrel hill area. we're always eating out in oakland & shadyside, so i wanted to go on a new adventure. plus the breakfast all day thing sold me (& i have a bf who is anti EnP sooooo.. this was the decision)i ordered the murray ave breakfast special; 2 eggs any way, choice of meat (sausage PATTIES! fresh!), home fries (soft yet a nice crisp), toast, & coffee (can make it a soft drink, but i chose the coffee-- free refills) anytime we go to a new place, bobby asks the server (well cashier in this case) whats popular or what they reccomend. she informed us the Reuben and Rachel were the most popular & his eyes lit up. it must have been a good 2yrs since he's had one. he was pleased with his sandwhich which also came with a pickle. now.. to THE BEST part! on our way out the door, bobby says "we forgot dessert!" (actually, my plan was to stop at waffalonia 2 blocks away because i didn't know they had dessert). then we noticed the cake-- oh. my. goodness! giant 4-5 layer cake, a slice bigger than your hand! they have awesome cakes too! one is called the candy bar and it was like hershey bars, snickers pieces, ect on a piece of cake (that one wasn't 4 layers.. just a regular piece of delicious cake) we decided on the German Chocolate cake. it was seriously an amazing treat! we shared one piece and ate in 3 different increments. HUGEE! i'm looking forward to going back.  or we'll head back when that german chocolate cake is calling our name all the way from squirrel hill :D
5	Potato latke Rachel is unique and genius. Flavor is excellent and the sandwich melts in your mouth. Reasonable prices and large portions. Great experience!
5	This is an absolutely wonderful place to eat if you want to feel nostalgic.  Such a friendly atmosphere with a real classic deli feel to it, which will remind you of the 80's and 90's.  Great prices and great portions. I have No complaints.  When you eat at a restaurant, a large factor in your satisfaction should be the experience. The food and environment gives you that experience of being transported into a great part of America's past.
5	I don't see how anybody could give this place less than 5 stars!  The chopped liver is pretty much the best thing ever. Get it on Rye. You won't be sorry. At the matzoh ball soup, the latkes, everything I've had is amazing. The service and ambiance are also great. If you can only eat one meal in Pittsburgh, eat it here!
4	I need to split this review in half.  Their breakfast menu deserves an unqualified 5 stars.  Everything is delicious, fresh, and affordable.  The corned beef hash and murray ave breakfast special are particularly commendable.  The brown mustard on every table is a particular selling point.  They often feature creative specials which are very worth trying.  Avoid the long lines at Pamela's and come here instead!I'm much more iffy about their lunch and dinner options.  The reuben is really the only sandwich worth getting and even that is hardly the best in town.  They serve breakfast all day, so I would really recommend you order from that even if you visit in the evening.The overall ambiance of the place fits just right.  They sell beer and soft drink in a deli case.  You can pick up lunchmeat, cheese, desserts, and deli salads to go.  The food runners (who are not waiters, the drinks are self-serve) are always pleasant and chatty, and the owner often walks around to your tables and asks for feedback.
3	I like to stop here occasionally to see what fabulous beer is in the $3 tub on the counter.  Always good seasonal choices!My most recent visit I picked up a turkey burger for takeout.  It takes quite a while to cook, so if you're in a hurry, don't pick this.  But who wants an uncooked turkey burger - so take your time cooking it Smallman Street Deli!The staff is always friendly and this is a nice neighborhood joint.  Buy some deli meat, cheese, pastries, or order some brisket and soup - eat in or take home.  Just don't leave without picking up some cold $3 beers from the tub on the counter!
3	I've always had great sandwiches here. They're Rachel and smoked turkey is perfection. Unfortunately last time I went there we decided to try breakfast. My omelet was alright, too greasy, and the potatoes inedible. My boyfriend got the fish platter and it was filled with fish bones. It became pretty unappetizing
5	Best chicken sandwich in the Burgh!Unfortunately because of the way I eat clean I'm not able to try their famous Reuben or any kind of sandwich along those lines, but I'll tell yinz what, this grilled chicken sandwich was just amazing. Not a hard sandwich to make by any means but the chicken breast was just so fresh, juicy and was complimented by a thicker bun. Just something I wanted to share with yinz!
1	I had eaten at this establishment  once before and was extremely pleased. Today the soup was bland, the matzoh ball had no flavor, the bread was stale, and the meat was so dry it was hard to swallow. The staff was not especially pleasant either. Our order needed to be changed and that was apparently an extreme imposition.  I will not go back to this restaurant again.
5	Great burgers, great fries and great desserts! I have yet to have a bad experience here!! I highly recommend this place!
4	Ok, I am officially a deli nut. I like the wide range of sandwiches and I found another good one in the Smallmen Street Deli.  I would probably recommend take out here because the parking stinks and the place seats about 20-30 tops. Well lets focus on the grub. The price is a tad expensive.  I went with a traditional roast beef on rye with cheddar and the usual fixings. The portion is enormous and I added a side of slaw that I really didn't need. I ate it all. :) I plan on heading back to try out a some more sandwiches and after checking out some other plates I think I should have gone with some other ones.  The burger looked good but I don't do those at a deli. Sorry about the pic I took it doesn't do the sandwich justice. It was huge!
3	The front is for case goods deli purchases to go; the back is for sandwiches and so much more, for take-away or to eat in their large seating area,  Extensive chalkboard menu.  I got sliced nova, incredibly moist, tasty sable, and can't recall what else.  I may up my rating when I give them a more thorough try, but this rating is for the rather cool demeanor of the clerk (could have been the owner) who was actually hostile about my suggestion he keep gluten free bread on hand to make GF sandwiches.  He mentioned a GF bakery across the street, which somehow alleviates his need to provide any such products to his customers.  I say, if there's a group of 8 going to lunch, and if even one must eat gluten free, they are likely to go to a place where ALL can enjoy a meal -- not cobble it together themselves.  How much trouble can it be to keep a loaf or two of GF bread in the freezer, to toast up as needed?  Too much, evidently.I might have bought sandwiches and sides and who knows what else, but settled for a tiny bit of sliced fish to go -- and crossed the street to Gluuteny, as he suggested, and spent the rest of my money there.  Gluuteny is a Pittsburgh treasure and the best GF bakery I've ever been to.  While an ever-growing number do, It stuns me how many restaurants, cafes, and coffee shops don't chose to carry anything from their extensive line of breads, cakes and cookies.  12% of US households buy gluten free (1% of which are the more serious Celiacs) -- that seems like a big chunk of business to be passing on when being at least "gluten friendly" (that is, you have wheat free products but not a clean prep kitchen) could be so very easy to secure that growing market,Smallman will get another star when they can make a sandwich for both me and my wheat-allergic husband and friends.  The fix is just too easy and compelling people to drag around their own loaf of bread is just rude and bad business.
5	Came here with my boyfriend and he ordered the Reuben for us. It was the best sandwich I've eaten in awhile. The waitress brought out a huge slice of chocolate cake (the German chocolate skyscraper) when he went to wash his hands, which he bought secretly and was a great surprise for me. He doesn't like sauerkraut, but they were very accommodating and put it on the side for him so that I could enjoy my half with it. I can't believe I didn't try this place out sooner. It'll be my go to place for sandwiches from now on. Plus, we seated ourselves and I ended up facing Einstein's picture the whole time. Fun stuff.I honestly wouldn't have been able to finish the entire sandwich by myself, so the price for the portion we paid for is pretty good. I think of it as dividing the meal into two, so $5 per person really isn't all that bad. We went around 8:10 pm, so it was pretty empty and quiet. The menu is extensive and my experience last night makes me want to go back and try everything they have, one sandwich at a time. The only strange thing was that my boyfriend was facing the side where he could see the TV screen and he cringed at some point because the shows playing on it showed graphic images of burned people. I guess they forgot the health channel on...other than that, this space was clean, the service was witty and efficient, and the food was amazing! :)
4	Great deli! Food is cheap, and delicious. The meats, and cheeses are very high quality. It is also conveniently located. We have only been here for lunch, but there meats, and cheeses that you can purchase to go also look very good. The service is either very fast, or very slow, it depends on when, and how busy it is when you go. This place has been a family tradition for years!
4	This is a restaurant my family and I have been going to for years. I love this place! Their Ruben sandwich w/ fresh cut fries and their crunchy French toast are my favorite dishes! Although, lately the bread on my Ruben sandwich has been way too hard. I just think they toast it too long, but that can always be fixed with a little request. I must admit, the extensive chalkboard menu is a bit overwhelming, but I always know what I want now, so I no longer pay it much attention. The employees are always friendly. And this place also has a nice atmosphere. Feels like home.
