3	I eagerly waited for Ebisu to open since I'm not a fan of the other so-called Japanese choices in Anthem. A few weeks after the grand opening, my friend & I finally made it over there for lunch on a weekday. We got there around 2:15pm and were ready and willing to order take out since they close at 2:30pm until they reopen again later for dinner. However, the hostess and waiter graciously seated us and insisted that it wasn't a problem. Our waiter pointed out a few of his favorites on the menu and patiently waited while we decided on what to order. I ended up getting the grilled salmon w/ miso cream sauce (on the side) and my friend got the garlic soy new york steak and we shared a spicy tuna roll (we had a flyer for a free CA roll or spicy tuna roll).First up was the miso soup and sunomono. They were both ordinary -- which isn't necessarily a bad thing, they just weren't anything special. Shortly after, our entrees showed up. The grilled salmon was perfectly grilled.. not at all dry even though it was a pretty thick piece. I dipped every other bite or so in the miso sauce, but the salmon was juicy and tasty on its own. The vegetables were disappointing though: 2 asparagus stalks and 2 steamed baby carrots. Sorry, but do I look like a rabbit?! My friend's steak was OK. It was swimming in the garlic soy sauce.. personally, I wish they would've just marinated the steak in the soy sauce and basted it on the grill so it'd be absorbed in the meat. He had 2 asparagus stalks and 2 steamed baby carrots too.. it didn't bother him though because he's not big on veggies anyways. The spicy tuna roll was also ordinary so I'm glad it was free. Service was on point and the decor is really nice (trendy Americanized Japanese vibe). I felt bad we were still in there an hour after closing so we quickly paid and left a generous tip. I'd go again to try out the sushi and Chilean Sea Bass, but I'll be sure to plan on eating my fiber at home! I'd give it 3.5 stars, but since that's not an option, they get 3 for now -- mainly because I thought the majority of items were ordinary.
1	UPDATE: Will never go here again. They served me RANCID beef. Even though they refunded my money, they never apologized and I can't trust someplace that serves me rancid cooked meat to take care of their raw fish properly.
4	Very nice place to spend an evening. They food is very high quality. I agree it is somewhat ordinary however it taste great every time I go there.Service is fast and they have a very friendly personal. Also, try their lunch menu special. It is worth the trip. I very picky when it comes to sushi, however I would recommend this place to all the sushi lovers
5	this is the place for sushi in Anthem.  Agueably, it is the best in the far north valley.  (Ah-so opened at Happy Valley, was disappointing compared to Ebisu).Lot of creative rolls, plus the old standards.  Nigiri was large and fresh.  Server was cool (longer hair dude, very knowledgable).Place always seems to be doing well on the weekends.One complaint, they don't seem very friendly about take-out.  With 2 younf kids who don't eat sushi, sometimes takeout is our only option.
5	What a great restaurant....posh decorating, helpful/friendly staff, and very good food. I have tried several of their rolls - the Lobster roll is the best! If you are in the area or passing by, definitely stop at Ebisu!
5	Friendly atmosphere, fun place to be, posh interior, everything about this place is hip. Love the cucumber salad and sea bass.  The ribs are to die for....:) Come check it out as this place became my favorite place.  Ebisu is simply a great place to eat.  It's small and is always busy.  The waitresses and sushi chefs are friendly and courteous. The place is compare to RA as size goes, though it is not as intimate as one would hope, I am sure it is the way the tables are set up.  You may be waiting for a table on friday as we are packed in at the bar, literally.   The food menu is exceptional, portions are decent, but presentation are beautiful and neat.  I have eaten at Ebisu many many times with people from out of town, others with family and friends and I am proud to say I have never disappointed anyone.  Every time I order the sushi or sashimi platter, the portions were somwhat same size.  Once my sashimi was served cut like a flower, AWESOME!  The plates are served chilled and better then any other place for presentation...I can't even tell you how beautiful the presentation is.  I have traveld all over the world and have been around restaurant business long enough to know that of course consistancy is hardest thing to match. These folks they do it right!  I think both of the head chefs are from Japan and they have heavy Japanese accent. Only drawback...lolThe specials are good, the heart attack roll is always a winner, it is a bit spicy so don't be surprised, it is orginal as it gets.  The special handrolls are fantastic....they are simply marvelou.  They have typical beer special, I think you get large Kirin which you get a free dmall sake for like 5 bucks.  Great place to sake bomber as this place rocks!The rolls that are on special are great.  If they are in season and fresh, get the specials like uni and toro.  If you know your seafood, and you have had great sashimi before in any form, on a roll or alone, you would have been able to spot quality fish here.  simply the best seafood....be sure to ask for yellow tail jaw cooked is really tasty!To sum it up, Don't miss: The specials, the handrolls and the friendly staffDo: The sake bombers.  Have some fun, Ebisu is a great place to try some good fish, cooked or RAW.
5	I am very impressed with the design of this restaurant. Comfortable and modern. The sushi is fresh and what a beautiful presentation. Take your time, no one is rushing you. Sip that Saki and enjoy every bite. I think this resturant tops any Japanese restaurant in Scottsdale!Props....:)  Service, Quality of food and ambience second to none!
4	We go here often for dinner. They always have good service and I love the Teriyaki. My husband is a fan of the sushi and we both enjoy Edamame for an appetizer. The decor is great and I love the atomosphere. We will continue to go here regularly.
5	Best happy hour, service, and sushi in the north valley! Sit at the bar! Staff is super friendly and sushi is fantastic!
4	Love Ebusu. Don't get a chance to come often enough but have a reason to come more frequently. All day happy hour Tuesday. Awesome.
2	Great place for sushi as long as you like snail-paced service and last week's fish on a Wednesday night.Server took about ten minutes to even approach our table after we were seated.  After that it took 4 requests and 15-20 minutes for her to simply to bring us some water.  It doesn't get any better from there so I'll spare you the details.Food was ok.  Entree that was served did not match menu description. Sauce on chicken was great, probably even some of the best I've had. Unfortunately the chicken was over-cooked and a bit dry.Salmon nigiri tasted like it was from last week. It definitely was nowhere near fresh. Tuna was much better.  Which isn't saying much, but means it was decent and relatively fresh. Rolls were ok.  Never seen cream cheese in a roll until dining here. This was the first and will be the last time I eat any type of sushi with cream cheese.  Regardless of how you may feel about cream cheese in sushi, the huge amount of it that was put into the roll was overbearingly disgusting. I tasted more cream cheese than anything else.The place seems like it could have potential.  Maybe the fish is fresher on a Fri or Sat night... Unfortunately their prices are too high for the quality of food and service.Next time I'm taking my money elsewhere.
4	I love the all day happy hour on Sundays and Tuesdays, sushi can get so pricey, so to come here and have a reasonable bill and its yummy, is awesome. Plus being in Anthem, I always feels so limited on choices and this is a good one. We ordered yellowtail, tuna, and salmon nigiri, tempura, edamame, and the Vegas roll and Philly roll. I read some other reviews that said the fish wasn't fresh, but that was not the case for us. Nor has it ever been any of the times I've been there. The nigiri was really good, and so was the tempura. The rolls weren't the best I've ever had but they were decent. Service was quick, and our server was super on top of things. Overall, I really like it and would not hesitate to return. I will stick with Sundays and Tuesdays because the prices were so good.
4	Variety and, these days, savings, are the spice of life.  Ebisu has both.  Not to mention a very contemporary, chic, Asian inspired restaurant and bar where Chill Lounge music softly pumps from the speakers.This is an excellent location for lunch, as well as happy hour.  Even the dinner menu tantalizes with entrees such as Chilean Sea bass and Korean style Bulgogi.This sushi restaurant deviates from the norm with their fabulous lunch bento boxes.  For a mere $9, one can enjoy a plethora of Asian goodies such as 5 pieces of Sashimi, gyoza, spicy tuna roll, chicken teriyaki, and tempura veggies and shrimp.  Compare that to the price of an order of sashimi (5-6 pieces) during dinner, which starts at $12, and your wallet gives you a pat on the back.For someone who consumes a lot of sushi, primarily sashimi, I will say that the grade is not as prime as I would like. My lunch sashimi order came with albacore and white fish - both of which were edible, but lacked the buttery softness of fresh, higher grade sushi.  The cliche rings true here. You get what you pay for.Overall, the bento box portions for lunch are so generous that you can easily share one with a partner.Happy hour foods are an average of $4, including sushi rolls, spring rolls, coconut chicken, and seaweed salad.  Selection of cocktails and martinis are $5-$6. 4:30-7:30 Monday-Saturday/Tuesday and Sunday all day.  The starters are more inventive and gastronomically adventurous, so I would recommend a dinner date here.  A fabulous item is the Tuna Carpaccio with jalapeno and white onion, dusted with Parmesan cheese, drizzle of chili oil and served with garlic ponzu.For the less adventourous, and safe, consumers out there, there are a wide variety of  salads, specialty rolls such as the crunchy salmon dynamite roll, and a varied assortment of entrees including Korean fare.Overall, great atmosphere, friendly but somewhat slow service, great menu selection, excellent values, but quality of sushi could be improved upon.
1	Wow.  I have NEVER not left a tip but my service was so horrible I put a big fat zero on the tip line.  What astonished me was when I went to give my paid check to the manager to make sure he knew how dissatisfied I was, I was told my horrible server was the manager!That being said, the food is great and in the past I enjoyed eating at the sushi bar.  But I will NEVER eat at a table again and I will not take my family (meaning visits will be far and few between).  In family centric Anthem, this place will not survive with the current manager at the helm.  With the good food, I hope the problem is remedied soon.Some specifics on the service:- It took forever to get our order taken so I took my boys on a walk while my husband ordered (plus, they failed to give us a pencil for our sushi order sheet).- When our first order of sushi came out, we didn't have any sushi sets.  When I asked our waiter/the manager for some, he looked at me like I was crazy and said, you mean the little bowls?  When I tried to also add we needed ginger and wasabi he seemed very confused and finally said, oh ginger.- It wasn't until after the tempura, then cucumber salad, then sushi order, and finally the next sushi order that he brought the kids meals out (by then, my kids were fit to be tied!).  He failed to bring a fork and knife.  I waited a bit, and finally ran around the restaurant to find him.  When I did, he said it would take a minute because he was entering in an order (mind you, I had a boy desperately waiting to eat his chicken fingers but the were huge and hot so they needed to be cut, he's 2, and chopsticks were useless to cut the chicken with).  I don't know why he couldn't just ask someone else to get them for me, it isn't often a customer comes and hunts you down, it usually means they are desperate for service!- He brought the silverware, and ran off, while our drinks were completely empty.  Had to wave him down again to get water refills.- The final straw was at then end.  He asked if we wanted anything else, and three times, I said the check please (anyone could tell at that point I was frustrated and ready to just leave).  He brought the check over (by then, my dad and son had left the restaurant, my husband was packing up my other son).  He then left for a LONG time.  I saw him on the other side of the restaurant just hanging out talking casually with a waitress.  I waited, and waited.  My husband left and I am now all alone at the table.  I get up and try to pay the hostess - can't.  She finally gets the waiter/manager.  But seriously - your a waiter/manager., your customer tells you three times to just bring the check, the table clears out with just one person left who is staring at you WAITING for to pay the bill --- Did I really have to go ask the hostess, and why couldn't the hostess cash me out?!?There were 1000 other little things the whole evening that had me tearing my hair out.  In all, I will NEVER return with my family.  That being said, unless I find another sushi place in Anthem, the food is good enough to return to the sushi bar when my husband and I want a quiet night out and Grandpa can babysit the boys.
3	I think this was expensive for the lack of tatste we had. Our waitress was very sweet but the sushi took forever to get which i can only assume was the sushi maker. I really liked the atmosphere...very beautiful and had a little modern flair with the tvs. They do have a happy hour which was nice to see. I think i would get completely diffent items next time. The cherry blossom roll was dull compared with the description. Was thankful for the japanese being an option out there in Anthem.
3	We went there last night based on the glowing reviews we read here. Sadly the restaurant did not live up to the expectations. It was merely OK. We ordered a variety of sushi and I was very disappointed with the rice. The rice was merely plain white rice. I eat a lot of sushi and even make it myself and I know what sushi rice should taste and feel like and this did not make it. The pieces of fish were cut thin. We also ordered the tofu salad which was disappointing. They forgot to put the dressing on it and instead just brought as a large bowl of ginger dressing. The tea they served us was only lukewarm. And we also had lettuce wraps which I did not find that appealing. I would not go back there again. But it was not the worse sushi I have ever had.
1	What the SAM HELL happened here? OMG this place is a disaster!! I have eaten here over and over again and although waited; I have never been so dissatisfied in my life. We bring our kids here often and my wife always loves the food. Wow this place screams sucks. I rarely blast a place if you read, but I can't remember when there's nothing to hinge any compliments on. Won't be back!
4	In Anthem, we don't have a lot of variety for restaurants, but I highly recommend Ebisu for sushi or Japanese fare -- or for martinis at the bar!  While the reviews on the site seem to be dissing the service.  That has never been our experience, and we go there at least 2-3 times a month.Erin is a fantastic server.  She offers fast friendly service and we love her cheerful attitude and smile!  Maybe they need more cheerful servers like her.We have found the food to be consistently above average -- always fresh and tasty.  And the fresh wasabi is my husband's favorite!  They have great happy hour specials for sushi and drinks.  I would say don't be hesitant to give Ebisu a try!
3	****3-1/2 STARS****Food = 5 stars / Service = 2 Stars / Atmosphere = 3.5 starsI like Ebisu.  I firmly believe the prices are in line with any other sushi restaurant, especially considering the top-notch quality of the fish they serve here.  Factor in happy hour and reverse-happy hour prices (the 'reverse happy hour menu' starts at 8:30 PM; not bad!) and as far as I'm concerned, it's an outright DEAL. My husband and I have been here a few times and have ordered different menu items each time.  The best experience we've had thus far was when we ordered the Chef's selection meal - everything was incredibly fresh and we were even treated to an incredible roasted tuna collar.  SOLD.The only food item I don't like at Ebisu is the eel due to personal textural issues; but it certainly isn't the chef's fault.  I'll agree with the other reviewers that service is lacking.  Expect to wait a bit too long for refills, attention or any other basic request. None of our servers have ever had any basic sushi knowledge.  Our most recent server even had serious pronunciation trouble with a few of the more pedestrian Maki options. I appreciate the dark, modern atmosphere as it's unlike anything else in the area, and once seated it's easy to forget about the familiar strip-mall setting.Bottom line:  It's great to have good sushi option on the (far) North side, but they've got a little work to do to make this a destination spot for anyone living outside of Anthem.
1	My fiance and I both love sushi. We had a nice experience at Ebisu ONCE, three years ago. Since then we have returned a few times and each time has been a HUGE disappointment.  Why we keep returning, I couldn't say. Tonight I paid $20 for a sushi platter that was absolute dog food. The sushi was warm (which nigiri shouldn't be), the brown rice was completely undercooked, the pieces of sushi themselves were beyond overly fishy (like, nauseatingly so), and the rolls were poorly put together. If you are going to try this place, stick to the appetizers. It seems those are the only thing this place can achieve with some element of taste. Other than that, this is by far the absolute worst sushi I have ever had in my entire life, and this is the absolute last and final time we will ever go there. I'll take the 20-30 min drive into phoenix rather than eat this garbage ever again. Absolutely awful.
5	Great sushi and atmosphere. Say hi to David for me. Party with him and have a saki bomb.
3	I liked this place!  Not top of the line, by great sushi & rolls... & an even better happy hour (half priced sushi). We had a little bit of everything. Hot apps, tempura, rolls, sushi & all of it was great...  I will go back for sure....
3	My husband and I wanted to try a different sushi restaurant and upon searching the "around me" app on our iphones and reading a bunch of reviews, we decided on Ebisu. The restaurant was semi crowded and we sat in the bar. The sushi rolls were good, but the majority of them on the menu were fried. We both thought the food was fresh and we would probably go back. The vibe was cool! Loved the Daisy Mountain roll and we enjoyed the atmosphere.
2	Really bad service. Ordered water waited total of 7 min. Than after I requested regular soda drink Same thing and never got refill ha to ask for refill.  Also after we finished appetizer a waitress didn't even bother picking up the plates. So we had to battle with the table space. Sushi wasn't even properly wrapped.  A salmon that we ordered was still cold inside and DRY. I told waitress and her response was OK. I give this place two stars. I give an extra star just for the set up. Besides that food is bad. And service horrible. Owner should focus on who they hire.  Just advice. It's a great location. But just an advice
1	Absolutely the worst servers work here.  Not one person on the service staff is attentive, nor do they have any standards.  We have had repeated service issues, but since the food is generally good (even though you have to wait for a lifetime to get it)  we've put up with it, but after today's experience, we're done!!!!!My girlfriend and I ate here for happy hour.  Including us, there were 3 customers in the restaurant.  The bartender who is usually one of the more rude servers sat next to the guy at the bar the entire time we were.  The bartender and this customer were looking things up on the internet.  All the liquor bottles still had the protective paper cones on them.....we didn't know if they were open when we came in cause they place looked closed.  When our food came, we were never asked how things tasted which was unfortunate since one of our entrees wasn't cooked correctly.  My girlfriend was never asked if she wanted another beer (which it was almost completely finished).  My water was refilled surprisingly, but without any ice, so it was room temperature water.  We had to ask for our check from the server/bartender who was still on the computer with the one other customer.  Not one time were we asked how was the food, nor were we ever told "thank you for coming."   I do not recommend this place to anyone if you want a good service experience.  Total joke!!
4	Not sure why people complain about the service, maybe when is packed they're under staffed, but I caught reverse happy hour and our server was super fun, had great suggestions, and was really quick. The prices are good at reverse happy hour, a pitcher of Kirin for $8 is awesome!Diverse music.A couple things I'd suggest to make it better: don't close M-TH at 9:00 if reverse happy hour starts at 8:30, cloth napkins, fix the front door (hard to open), more generous portion of fish in the rolls.Service: 5Food: 4Venue: 3.7Good overall value.
2	We have been here before and have enjoyed the food always... However this time the service was terrible!  We sat at the sushi bar itself and tried to order a few things off the menu from the waitress and she never brought them... we asked about Miso soup and still never got it, we were never offered more drinks or dessert or anything else but the sushi that we ordered from the overworked sushi chef... the Sushi is always good but with that service and lack thereof - we have no desire to return!  They can't say that they were that busy since there were not that many in the restaurant when we arrived.  Of course it always does amaze me how the server shows up for the check part quickly!   She definately got no tip - the Sushi Chef is who we tipped of course.
2	(June 2010) Going downhill.I used to give this place 4 stars, maybe 4.5, but my past two experiences have NOT been up to par and I really feel that Ebisu may be going downhill. They no longer serve the honey mustard with the coconut shrimp, which is 50% of the reason why I ordered the shrimp! It was sooo good! The waitress who has been there "2 years" tried to tell me it is "because of the customers." What does that mean anyway? You are trying to displease the customers or the customers don't like it? I certainly can not imagine the latter. Furthermore, three of the beers on their happy hour menu were either no longer being carried or were out of stock. The waitress tried offering my friend and "IBA" from Flagstaff. :-/I found the waitress's attitude off-putting. She never apologized for not having about 1/2 of the items we ordered and just took this unapologetic "we are doing it for the customers" approach ---- forgive my ignorance, but am I NOT a customer?Finally, during my past 2-3 visits, the fish has not been of the best standard... Not as fresh as it should be/has been. In fact, my salmon was getting this darker, rubbery-ish edge from too much air exposure... :-/Overall, this place used to rock my socks - I was glad to have discovered them, having just been taken over by new management... I thought all the "changes" would have occurred by now, but I guess I was wrong.... Ebisu, step up to the plate and start giving your customers (you know, the people who pay your wages??) what we WANT.
1	On the night we visited there was 1 server. It took over 30 minutes just to get drinks!!! It took over an hour to get our food and almost an hour and a half to get sushi! We should have left before the long wait for the drinks but we had already invested so much of our time. The kids portions were ridiculously small. Literally 3 small pieces of teriyaki chicken. What a total disappointment!
3	Sushi is cut very small. Not Fresh but acceptable. Service was great.
2	Clogged sink in bathLight out in bath hallwayDirty dishesToilet out of orderGluten free soy!!Dark inside, light outsideUm. Nope. Not going back.
1	Horrible!  No flavor, weak sushi, and menu prices do not match what they try to charge you .. They try to scam you on the price.. Beware!!!!
2	It's really a shame that this isn't a great restaurant because there are already so few options in Anthem. My parents and I came recently on a weeknight and there were maybe seven or eight other tables full, with two waitresses and a bartender serving. We were seated immediately, but it took at least ten minutes for our waitress to come by - not even with waters, but to ask if she could get us anything to drink.Our beer came out just fine, but we had also put an order of edamame in at the same time and we kept waiting for it to come out. When we saw another group come in, get drinks, order, and get their orders of edamame before ours, we knew our order had been forgotten. Instead of owning up to it, the waitress told us it was "on the way out." I would have potentially believed that if she didn't also forget the seaweed salad when she brought the rest of our food - with the same excuse. We also heard our waitress yell at her mom (the bartender?) for forgetting to bring wine to the table next to us.The food was fine - I can only tell when it's bad, not distinguish between fresh/okay - but really, I wouldn't recommend going there unless you have some extra time to spend. From the other reviewers below, it seems like slow service is a common occurrence.
3	Sad to say this place has gone downhill. Although they still make some tasty rolls, I can no longer overlook all the cons. Less-than-fresh fish (dry on the edges sitting in the case or doesn't always taste good)Lack of variety (there are only so many rolls w/ shrimp tempura or crab salad on the inside that one can eat. Branch out beyond the typical Cali roll as a base. But on that note, adding Sun Chips or Cheetos atop a roll? What an insult to sushi. Have teenagers taken over the mgmt. there?)* Yet they have at least one really talented chef who can create some of the most creative, tasty dishes that SHOULD be on the menu!Slow service (Anyone who knows sushi knows to sit at the sushi bar for great service, not a table. The waitstaff is often slow for even the sushi bar area though.)Hopefully things will turn around; otherwise, if I'm going to spend $$ on sushi, I'll travel the extra distance to a much better place.
2	I would give this place a 1 but, if they remember to bring your order out its usually pretty good. Multiple times I've gone the waitresses are hardly attentive. Forgetting drinks or food orders. Having to ask twice for plates, chop sticks, napkins, ect that shouldve already been there before the food. Our soy sauce has been empty upon arrival. Been overcharged on multiple occasions having to send the bill back (luckily I noticed before signing away). The sushi on the other hand is usually well made. It seems when they're busy the chef gets sloppy with the sushi rolls though. I enjoy going our for sushi now and then, too bad the service isn't better here.
4	I've only gotten sushi as takeout here and my experience so far has been great!  The order is always ready within 15 minutes and the rolls are pretty tasty.
5	The food is good here. I've never gotten any of the meals, always the rolls.  Being so far from the ocean, I'm always leery about seafood, but it's always been fresh here. Wait staff is very attentive, although weekends tend to be a bit busy as is expected. Not as delicious as mom's, but tasty none-the-less.
2	We have gone to dinner here a couple times.  The food is just ok.  The Happy Hour prices are a good deal.  The table we sat at was very wobbly and having two kids constantly leaning on the table was no fun.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  I just don't really get a good vibe when we are there.  They need to update the seating and decor.
5	Reading all the other reviews make me sad because this place is great! Do not be turned off by other yelp reviews, this place is not what others are saying it is like. Try there bulgogi bento box ! There sushi is fresh and it is a really good price during happy hour. The servers came by to check up on our table couple times and did not forget anything. Don't forget to go during there happy hour!!! Monday-Saturday 11:30-2:30 & 4:30-9 !!!
