4	Very excited yet another PB that opened and super close it's about time they came out this way! Fire roasted tomato soup and some Paradise pasta I devour the stuff!! Dont hate...appreciate! The cookies and bread are good yumgasm's alone. Who wants to come with me next time!?!?!
4	I was so excited to see this new Paradise Bakery  so close to home. Not only is on the way to many things we do and a Super Target  it is near my husband's work , so we technically could act like we are meeting him for dinner but really just want Paradise.   So far the food here seems to be still being fined tuned. On the day we stopped in they seemed to be inconsistent in portion size  and service. But I have faith in them that will soon have that figured out! This is a super place to meet for lunch or have a bite to eat away from work .
5	I have frequented this Paradise Bakery more than a dozen times since it opened. I always carry out though, have never actually ate there. I used to be annoyed when ordering because it seemed like every employee was so confused, but things have gotten much better. My husband loves their club sandwich, pasta salad & always builds his own salad. I love building my own salad as well, their chicken caeser is yummy, love their tuna sandwich & LOVE their fire roasted tomato soup! Their sourdough bread & croissants are delicious as well. But my fav item here of course is the cookies! The chippers in particular are my personal favs; the sugar, lemon & black & white are out of this world!! Their regular chocolate chip cookies that come with every sandwich order are so good too, perfectly chewy & not too sugary sweet.I also love their loyalty card, earned myself a free meal last night!
3	1/2 a California turkey on paradise bread hold all spread (pesky mayo, aioli or pesto whatever fancy name you want to call it) and may I please have a ginger molasses cookie instead of chocolate chip? My staple this past week & 1/2 for lunch. I like it...I really like it.
3	I am generally a huge fan of Paradise Bakery, but my last visit was a bust! I went here with my sis for lunch a week ago. I ordered the creamy chicken and wild rice soup, it was spectacular! I also had a half a ham & Brie panini, I have had this sandwich before and it has always been great, but on this day it was down right terrible. I took two bites and that was all I could muster. Seriously don't know what went wrong but this was not a good sandwich. As far as service goes, the place was slammed but the line went quick and the food came out rather quickly as well.
5	This is a typical and daily lunch place that I prefer to go, if I have time. I always enjoy their food (soup, salads, and sandwiches)...and the bakery goods. You can't go wrong here !!!
3	Paradise is ok if you aren't looking for something amazing. I can easily make the same quality sandwiches and soups at home. But I like to go out sometimes and have a sandwich somewhere else. Don't get me wrong they beat subway easily but they aren't great by any means. There is a young girl there who is too cool for school but everyone else is super nice. I will always continue to eat there, but not with high expections.
5	Their coconut chocolate chip cookies will set you free!
5	Items I have tried recently that were delish:-Asiago roast beef sandwich, I normally don't like horseradish sauce but it's amazing on this bad boy!-White cheddar mac & cheese, freakin yum!-Coconut chocolate chip cookies, better than the regular chocolate chip cookies!
5	Just a warning, the chippers are totally addicting! B&W chippers and Oatmeal Chocolate Chip, tiny little cookies that disappear very quickly when I bring a box to the office! Other excellent choices - -SW Chicken Caesar Salad (ask for a little extra dressing, it's awesome and they never put enough on)-Walnut Chicken Salad sandwich-Fire-roasted Tomato Soup with tortilla strips and sour creamParadise bakery also has some of the best iced tea in Phoenix!
3	Addicted to Caprese style sandwiches so I wanted to see if Paradise Bakery & Cafe was making such a thing.  Although they do have a specialty sandwich with mozzarella and tomato/basil smoosh, it was a disappointment.  Soups are always great and the mac and cheese is a once in a great while yummy, comfort foody worth it.  Servers are not well trained and just stood around talking to each other while I waited with no line.  Youth is no excuse for neglecting customers.  For fast food Paradise Bakery is a good choice if you are like me and refuse to eat fried, greasy fattening fare the other fast food joints serve, so I take the good with the bad.
1	Horrific service.  Chimpanzees could make a sandwich and ring me up quicker.
4	YUM! $$$$$$$$$$ Pricey!
4	Found my back-up to my fave today--my fave sandwich that is.  I earned a freebie meal after coming umpteen times.  I strayed out of my comfort zone for a hot Cuban, panini sandwich for takeout to work for lunch.  This sandwich was great.  It will never displace my chicken walnut but, its nice to have a stand in in case the chicken walnut needs a break.  Service here is always friendly strong and consistent.
5	This is a wonderful place to sit down and work... and people watch. The staff are friendly, food is great and WiFi (though finicky at times) is free. Since I work from home, I love to frequent this locale to refocus when distractions pop up. The staff here is courteous and doesn't mind me sitting here for hours on end refilling my drink for free. This is my choice for an office away from the office.
3	The food here is always good, and consistent. I like the selection, and I like the different teas.I don't mind paying 10 bucks for a meal from here, as it seems to be good value. I like the half sandwich/salad combo.The reason for three stars is because of the service.60% of the time I am there I have to tell the employee how to make my salad. They always forget something. If I want to omit something from the salad, I usually have to say so twice, the first time they never get it. They have also stopped asking if you want the dressing mixed in, so if you like it that way be prepared to request it.There seems to be a decent turnover at the place, so that probably explains the trouble with remembering what goes into the salads.I went there for dinner today, and I understand it was a Holiday. They were not particularly busy.All the employees were standing at one end of the counter talking. This was not an issue right away as they took my sandwich order.I then proceeded to the salad area, and had to wait as the salad guy (wearing someone else's nametag, as I doubt his name was "Jennay") wandered over. I had to repeat my no onions request twice, and request mixed in dressing (like usual.) He seemed confused about what went into the salad (like usual) and did not seem too happy I interrupted his conversation with the co-workers.I then was at the register, and had to wait for the cashier to come from the back. None of the employees at the counter felt the urge to go let her know I was there waiting to pay.It wasn't horrible, but it was slightly frustrating. Hopefully they can get the small issues resolved.
5	Great food always, Great service.  Jorden was helpful in making a great salad decision and very polite.
5	When this location opened, I went BANANAS!I love, love, love PB. I am learning to accept the merge with Panera. I came from Panera-ville originally to PARADISE (bakery)-land, and I liked that I had my "back home place" and "new home" place.I've probably eaten the chicken walnut salad 30 times from this location. (well over 200 times cumulatively). Never fails to wow my palate. Perfect amount of chicken, never drowning in mayo, lovely crunchy walnuts. Gets even crazier (nuttier?) if you get it on a croissant instead. The new turkey with avocado sandwich is also fantastic. And it's a real avocado, not that nasty preservative filled gross green paste other places try to charge you $2 for. Also love the chicken chopped cobb salad with avocado, hold the piggie (bacon).Caesar salad is easily one of my favorites. Lettuce is always fresh, and the dressing is so tasty! You are welcome to make your own salad if you don't want one of their suggestions. Just let them know.Lemon chicken orzo soup=good enough to eat even on a hot day!Fire roasted tomato soup is another favorite, never too acidic or salty, and that's hard to manage 100% of the time, but somehow, they do.Mac n cheese for kids (or kids at heart.....ok now my pants aren't fitting again...)I miss their Strawberry Peach decaf iced  tea (yes, I'm a veteran customer), but I like the new Mango and Acai iced teas.The free cookies with sandwich are downright evil. I can't resist their soft, chewy goodness. Darn you, cookies! (You can get something besides chocolate chip if you ask)I also come for breakfast and get either a muffin (the free ones rack up quickly with their Taste of Paradise card) or an egg sandwich. Power sandwich or steak and egg on a bagel is muy, muy delicioso! Fresh squeezed orange juice, fresh fruit, black cherry smoothie. Okay, I've had every breakfast item they have. No complaints. Republic of Tea hot tea!i don't have enough time to write about all their menu items, because I pretty much have tried everything! But I will say that the only thing I don't prefer is the new tuna salad, compliments of Panera. It's just okay, not wowza like most things.ANd please bring the green iced tea from Panera over! Hot diggity, it was like nothing else. Okay, it's not cheap, but again, you get what you pay for. It's not subway!I come here at least once a week!!
5	Paradise Bakery is AWESOME!!! I love the freshly tossed salads, like their Southwest Cesar Salad and a cold cup of their refreshing Mango Tea!!! DELICIOUS!!!! The service is always fun and enthusiastic!!  I give them an A+ for sure!!
5	Love their soups, love their salads. The sandwiches are a little strange for me, so I don't really enjoy those.This is right in our neighborhood, so we go here..A LOT. Breakfast is good, and that menu changes every so often too.Ample seating, clean and friendly service.Get the frequent customer card-you rack up points for free meals, muffins and coffee.Also for you moms out there, there's a changing table in the restroom that is in the big stall and there is plenty of room to maneuver a stroller in here. Hooray!
4	There's no better way to find out about a new eatery than to receive a gift card to one you've never been to (or heard of, for that matter). This happened to me when I received a gift card to Paradise Bakery. Being new to Phoenix, of course I Yelp'd it to find one nearby. I located this on on the SWC of Bell Rd and 7th Street while up at Sam's Club. Paradise Bakery has sandwiches, salads, soups, sides, and of course -- the bakery items! At this location, you can eat in or take out. I like the Turkey Bacon Bravo or the Turkey Cranberry with a side of their excellent mac 'n' cheese and a drink. Getting this combo also scores you a free cookie! This location is in the shopping area with a huge Target and many other stores, so the parking is hit or miss, depending on the time of day/week. And PB's prices are just a bit steep for what they serve...good food, but still a bit pricey.
2	Arrived at 10:25am and decided to grab lunch to go and take to the office with me. The place was essentially dead so I thought it would be a quick pick up. The young gal who took my order was very nice and helpful. And then I waited....and waited....and waited. I finally flagged down a nice lady who appeared to be in management and asked where my order was. Then I waited some more. Finally I got it and once in my car decided to check in the bag. Glad I did. I ordered a small caesar to go with my sandwich and got a small caesar with chicken. So, I walked back in with the wrong salad and asked for the correct one. The young man who appeared to be in charge of making the salads seemed especially irritated. He also did not apologize when he finally gave me the correct salad. All total, to get my complete "to go" order of a tuna sandwich and small caesar and leave there, 25 minutes. Completely unacceptable. I won't be back to this location. Clearly my order was just too much for them.
2	I arrived in the mid afternoon when it was dead but had a lot of employees.  I started at the sandwich station and no one was there.  They looked at me and walked off as I went down the line.  The manager saw me arriving at the cashier with no order and asked what I wanted, so we went back to the beginning.  I got my order in and sat and waited.  I realized again there were no employees behind the counter but my sandwich was there.  My ten dollar sandwich was made then set by the trash.  Two different employees chucked things into the trash (three times) and cleared my sandwich, but had to have seen it plainly.  They need to instill in their employees that when people pay ten bucks for a sandwich they should act like they care.
3	Like the sandwiches and salads, the soup is just ok.  The free cookie is delightful and my daughter likes this place so I'd say it was kid friendly.  It is easy to order and check out but the staff is lacking as far as I'm concerned.  Some are friendly but I've come across some snobby behavior and some condescending attitudes as well.  The place is clean and comforting and I've seen quite a few people hanging out on their laptops so it must be a casual and relaxed atmosphere.  Pretty decent prices and I like the real plates / silverware.  The salmon salad was delish!
3	This place is like Disneyland... Wait in a really long line, pay lots of money and get a great but small payoff.
4	Paradise Bakery is one of my favorite sandwich places, also helps their cookies are good too.My favorite order its the following:Walnut Chicken Salad Sandwich - I could not even begin to describe this as well as Kelly R. (You go girl!!)Paradise Pasta - Always yummy and their oil is never too over powering.Fire Roasted Tomato Soup - OK I LIVE for the crunchies (Its a technical term), and sauce they put in this..and I do mean live, it is utterly fantastic!!Lemon-aidThe lines are always quick, they greet you with a smile and they are consistent, thank goodness for that. Doesn't matter what location I am at, I always know what I am getting.All in all it is really a great place and somewhere I never hesitate on eating at.
4	Get the Thai chopped chicken salad and the chipotle chicken panini and all your  slightly spicy robust flavor cravings will be satisfied. I found that meal to have a very south American flavored Thai food feel haha!!! No that is not supposed to make sense its just fantastically delicious
1	Today my family had what I would consider the worse experience one could imagine when it comes to eating a meal, there was a large bug in my wife's Fugi Apple Chicken salad. On site she talked with an associate and he only refunded the salad... After leaving I shortly called and spoke with a manager and the entire meal was reimbursed on the card (which it should of been the 1st time without question!!). Not sure we will return back to any Paradise Bakery given the poor handling of food to remove bugs or any related items from a salad and lack of how they will be addressing going forward to ensure no one experiences the same thing! Simply disappointed with the entire experience & now we have 1 less 'healthy alternative' when it comes to dinning out!
5	The chicken walnut sandwich on molasses bread is great.
5	Cookies.
2	Short version: If you can help it, go to another Paradise Bakery.Long version: Of all the Paradise Bakeries I've been to this one is consistently the worst but it's the closest to home. Had my heart set on a Chicken Walnut Sandwich tonight but the guy said "we are out of molasses bread" and just stared at me. No apologies. Just stood there and looked annoyed at me for picking a sandwich they didn't have the bread for. My bad bro. Admittedly I don't come here for the service but common courtesy would be nice. We get catering for our monthly meetings at the one at Biltmore all the time and they seem to be better.
3	Great food! My order was messed up though and I was over charged. I was very specific about my order too, so it was weird. Make sure you are very specific as to what you want. While I was waiting I saw two other people cone back with messed up orders. They need to get their act together.
1	I previously worked at Paradise Bakery for 3 years so I know how everything is supposed to run, the past 2 times I have been there I have been extremely displeased with the lack of urgency to get my meal to me so I can get to work.The most recent was my most upsetting experience. Arrived to PB at 8:30 hoping to get to work by 8:50 (I work walking distance from paradise), no one was in line in front of me nor  behind me. I ordered a sausage, egg and cheese on a bagel and calmly sat down to wait for my to go items. I watched my ticket come out of the expo machine and at the sandwich station (which is where the expo machine is). At the sandwich bar stud a girl bagging cookies and another standing next to her talking.Now to make my food, you take pre cooked egg, sausage and a piece of cheese, put it on a bagel and throw it on the presser. Not rocket science. After about 12 minutes I finally got up and asked one of the register girls to please ask the girl bagging cookies to check the expo machine for my ticket. She walked over, whispered in her ear, both girls stared at my like I was asking way to much. The girl bagging cookies walked to the expo machine, pulled the ticket, looked at me and smiled and went back to bagging cookies. Finally the sandwich maker came out of the back with stuff from the walk in and made my sandwich. I got to work with 1 minute to spare before I opened. 1. Girls like that will never progress in any industry because they have poor attitudes and have the "its not my job demeanor".2. The food was not that hard to make and if they had attempted, things like that put you in the running for cross training.3. IF YOU CANT MAKE IT GO GET THE EFFING SANDWHICH MAKER!!!!probably wont come back. Too mad.
2	Salads, soups, sandwiches, and cookies with a nice assembly-line-type set-up.  You do get a cookie with each meal, it's large and it's clean.  They have breakfast in the morning.This just isn't my favorite place to eat - nothing is terrible, but the ingredients are pretty blah and the resulting meals are, as well.  On top of all that, they're not at all inexpensive for what you get, and the service is as bland as the food.  I only eat here when there are no other options.
2	First time here and it doesn't really make me want to come back. I got up to the counter to order and someone quickly came over. I got the standard hello greeting. I old her I wanted the pick 2 with tortellini Alfredo and a Caesar salad. He asked if I wanted chicken and I told her no. She then handed me a yellow paper and said thank you. I assume I was just supposed to walk down to the register. Another girl had walked in after me am started ordering from a guy in my path in front of me. Is that normal? The girl at the register was super friendly. I think her name is Joie. That's what my receipt says. She offered me soup and a drink. I took the drink. When I sat at my table they brought me a small bowl of pasta and the man asked if I needed anything else. I said no and that I ordered a Caesar salad as well. He said ok and walked away. Ten minutes later and no salad. Then I realize my receipt doesn't show a salad. So I paid nine dollars for a handful of pasta and a drink?! Plus the pasta was very cold on too and luke warm on bottom. Not a great first impression.
2	Chicken walnut on croissant bread is my favorite ... If only the service was just as great. Love Paradise Bakery, but this one, without fail always seems to mess up orders. Whether its forgetting that bacon goes on the club, undercooking steak on the panini or giving the wrong bread even though its written on the receipt, they're always on top of getting it wrong. My support goes to PB, but not this location.
4	First timer Many choices to pick from Affordable and tasty as well Loved the chipotle chicken Paradise over your Subway alternative any day Give it a shot
1	Cappuccino Machine was broken, and they lost our order. I went up to the counter where the dude making breakfasts was just standing there looking at tickets and not moving. I asked about my order and he couldn't find it. Manager came out and there was a flurry of activity, but bagel-boy glared at me like I had done something wrong. I had, I went to Paradise Bakery
5	Paradise Bakery is awesome and provided you like sandwiches, soup or salad you can get something you'll love. If I want to get something healthy I will get a classic salad with chicken, corn, pecans and corn/bean mix. If I don't care that day I'll get a 1/2 sandwich and tomato soup. I don't like tomatoes but it tastes like Spagettios.Plus sandwiches come with a free cookie. Ask for no cookie then get any cookie (instead of chocolate chip) you want.I have never had anything I didn't love, the selection is great and the iced teas are awesome.
1	First time and last time customer at this location. We rushed in today hoping to get a breakfast sandwich before they stop serving at 11:00 (which, on a Sunday I think is a little harsh!). We got in there at 10:53, phew, we made it..walk to the counter..nope. The worker looks to her left as another worker shakes his head to her and says something which I later found out was "no more breakfast." So we start to place our order, with SEVEN minutes to go before cut off time....and the worker says "we aren't serving breakfast anymore." We were angry and asked why, to which she replied "manager's orders." So then we asked if we could at least get a bagel and she said she had to go ask her manager!! We left. 10:53 is not 11:00. How hard is it to make the breakfast stuff anyway?! It's all the same microwaved crap.
5	Paradise bakery is good food a little bit over priced but good food.  Very good service and friendly people. . Behind the counters....A must do is try their cookies. .best cookies
1	Did not have a good experience at this location.  Little Asian boy attempted to take order, had no idea what he was doing.  Later, they had him cleaning off tables.  Place was disorganized, big line back up.Ordered a new Thai Flat bread.  That was horrible.  Mostly shredded cabbage and sauce on a flat bread.  It was gross.Too expensive for what you get.
2	Decent, consistent food but horrible service and a lot of "we're out of..." when you are trying to order what your heart was set on. Very annoying. Pricey for what you get. This location is particulary harsh on the service aspect. Rude, no manners and the restaurant is dirty every visit, especially the patio. Cig butts in the planters, unclean tables and the misters are NEVER on. Now Cafe Zupas....that's a good place!
3	Came here just for some cookies today. usually get a chicken walnut at the Scottsdale 101 location which is delicious!however this location's service is not near as good. walked in, wasn't greeted, walked to the counter and bought my cookies and the cashier was very rude. probably won't be back to this location.
1	DO NOT GET ORDERS TO GO!  Why can't these people get to go orders correct?  This is the third time we have ordered lunch for the office from this location...and the third time they have screwed it up!  2 of us got the Crumbly Blue Cheese salads WITH CHICKEN, paid for the salads WITH CHICKEN but when we took them out of the bag, guess what?  NO CHICKEN!  We also ordered cookies, paid for cookies but these cookies didn't make it into the bag.  Don't even get me started on the errors with the sandwiches!  Since this is the third time this has happened in the last few months, I'm familiar with the poor attitude of the Paradise Bakery folks who handle disgruntled lunch eaters such as myself.  I am not willing to subject myself to this attitude in order to get this resolved.  I will not go back.  In short. if you want your to go lunch order to be screwed up, order from this place!
1	Bad service got my lunch for free soup was cold waited 20 mins for a turkey sandwhich.
1	CONSISTENTLY bad service. Always very slow and employees often forget to make food; I've had to go up and remind them several times. Just tonight they forgot all the meat and cheese on the woman in front of me's sandwich, and gave me the completely wrong order.
3	Delicious food at a rediculous price ! .. a half chicken walnut sandwhich is LITERALLY (1) piece of bread cut in half, (1) half head of green leaf lettuce , (1) 3 oz scoop of chicken, mayo, walnuts and seasonings, (1) half slice tomato. / Then the salad depwnding on what kind you get is a small box of greens and a couple (1) oz scoops of a couple items!It maybe costs them 45 cents to produce the kids size adults meals they give out . But for 9.35 holy S***. What you pay for here is the friendly faces , clean establishment , and "fresh" Food
2	I go to many Paradise Bakery locations on a regular basis. I was disappointed during this visit. The salad person was not pleasant and seemed to be annoyed when I asked for a couple of changes (different dressing & lettuce). The week before at another location, they were happy to accommodate me.When we went to get cutlery, all they offered were plastic forks & spoons with regular knives. SInce I was dining there, I asked for real cutlery.I was told by the cashier "I guess that is all we have." Now I can understand running out of plastic cutlery but not stainless steel? This was just plain laziness.As for our food, mine was good.My husband's French Onion soup looked NOTHING like the picture. It was just a big brown mess with way too much stock. He was so hungry that he ate it.
