1	I used Dr Jim Campbell for 6 years.  During that time he treated 6 other friends and or family members.  Every year I used all my beneifts with my insurance for care and then paid out of pocket for the remaining care for the year. ($$$thousands$$$) Today he sued me for a fictious $40.00 balance.  I even have a Gift Certificate for $20.00 for my last referal, which his office manager refused to apply to this ficticious balance.  I appeared in small claims court and it was dismissed.  When I tried to discuss the rudeness of his office manager  a year ago with the Dr. he did nothing about it.  Our health care is a mess anyway, but to realize that this doctor spent court filling fees, cost for a  licensed attorney and our Judicial systems time over a fictious $40.00 bill.  If I  hadnt appeared in court the judgement would have been in his favor for over $500.00.   Be careful if you still decide to use him.  I wouldnt recommend it.
5	Dr. Campbell is a unique and talented chiropractor. He has offered me a lot more than just a good back cracking. His knowledge of nutrition using muscle testing at first seems odd, but it is quite amazing. It allows him to find your unique nutritional needs, where most doctors use generic research or trends that they apply to everyone. This office is not afraid to invest in technology to help you either. I look forward to my next visit.
5	The Campbell Wellness Center is just that... a wellness center with a holistic approach. Equipped with the most up-to-date technology to assess patients, Dr. Campbell uses his specialty in neurology to go far beyond your normal visit to get a chiropractic adjustment. He has not only helped me personally, but he has worked with my fitness and weight loss clients helping them optimize their best efforts. He offers testing that enables the patient to take the right supplements that address actual deficiencies and restore balance to the body. This saves money by avoiding unnecessary spending on vitamins one doesn't need and prevents conditions that develop from nutritional imbalance. Like I said, this is a holistic approach and an advance in chiropractic treatment.
5	Dr. Campbell is truly amazing! I am thankful for his knowledge of the spinal system and his incredible ability to diagnose and prescribe treatment for my back related pain. The staff is courteous and accommodating. Six weeks ago I walked into his office unable to stand up straight with severe pain in my leg. After a few treatments using state of the art Decompression Therapy combined with chiropractic adjustments I am able to stand up straight and I'm pain free. The continuous treatments are correcting my spinal issues through holistic therapies - preventing the need for more invasive medical procedures. It is without reservation that I recommend Campbell Wellness Center for your health care needs.
