3	Referring to the first (very negative) comment in this review... It would have been good to know whether this is a self-pay or employer-provided plan. My employer-provided Health Plan of Nevada policy costs $64 a month for an adult and a child. Service and care has been above average for an HMO.The employer sets plan benefits, co-pays, etc. Sounds to me like this person has a cheap-ass employer who cares more about its bottom line than its employees. In fact, if a family of four is paying $1000 a month, I'm guessing that the employer is contributing nothing.Not easy to do these days, but the solution is to find a better employer.
1	This is an awful insurance company. They lure you into signing with them, they are very kind at getting your credit card number and making you a costumer, but when they call you to collect a remaining balance larger than what the insurance company is able to pay and you contact them hoping that they have an answer, it was a mistake on their part or something of the sort- they leave you hanging and say you should have read everything carefully and called if you had questions. In an insurance company as limited as this one, they should make the effort to reach out to their costumers and one on one inform them of their benefits as well as of their responsibilities as a patient so that when you receive a call from a collection company about lab work that was done to you requested by your doctor who is well aware of your insurance policy, you don't feel like you have been scammed; or better yet you never receive a collectors call because you are well informed of your plan. What is the point of paying for insurance month to month to be left with a bill that is higher than what your insurance will cover? If you didn't have insurance, the doctor and the lab would be very cautious as to express to you the total in numbers of the work you are getting done, prior to getting it done- or simply would avoid performing such work because you don't have the right insurance or money. It's an absolute scam from all parts of the healthcare system and it really is unfortunate that the only liable person is the patient who was played by all parts. Health Plan of Nevada is a scam along with physicians and laboratories who play the game.
1	health plan of nevada is the absolute worst insurance company i have ever dealt with in my 30 yrs of medical insurance.. their customer service is absolutely horrible! their recording states they are having an unusual high call volume which is a joke, i have called 3 time in two mo. same recording each time and have been on hold a minimum of 30 min ... higher the proper staff... plus they are denying the only asthma medication that has ever worked in the forty years that i have had asthma and are requiring me to try other meds that i have tried in past that never worked? plus now on certain meds that are prescribed for 30 days by the dr. they will only give out 15? so instead of one co-pay a month i know must pay two? all about saving money with this company and can careless about the health of the patient!!!  plus the other post is correct you cannot go to emergency room without going to quick care first or if transported by ambulance? stay away form health plan of nevada at all cost... either way you will pay!!!
3	I've had good experiences with their Urgent Care locations, but when you seek a referral, you have only one choice.  They definitely need to oversee what goes on at the places they refer you to.  For Orthopedics, you have no choice but to go to Nevada Orthopedic & Spine, and I question why they chose this disreputable place for their referrals.  Kickbacks?
1	Very difficult.  People are always pleasant and try to be helpful but rarely can I get through on the phone without a wait longer than an hour.  We usually plan to be on the speaker phone for about an hour and a half before connecting.  They are terribly inconsistent about what is covered and what is not - if you call three times you will get three different answers.  Most importantly - DO NOT USE THIS INSURANCE IF YOU TRAVEL OR LIVE OUT OF STATE.  They are completely useless in that regard.  I have spent thousands because doctors charge me out of frustration or because we are told it is covered and later told it isn't.  I would never use this if I had another option.
