1	On 10/27/2011, I took my computer in to SoftQue because my computer wouldn't allow me to open anything on the desktop, all I could do was turn on my computer, clearly a virus. I also couldn't uninstall OpenOffice. I gave my box to Chelsie. The next day they called and said they could find no virus and that everything opened up just fine for them. They couldn't explain why I couldn't open anything. I asked them to uninstall OpenOffice, so they did and I was charged $59 for this. I brought it home and tried it. Everything did open up for me, however, my internet was super slow and it wouldn't let me click on certain hyperlinks that open new windows. So I still had a virus. A few days later, my computer just went blank and nothing worked again. This time I took it to Red Sevens, who charges less to fix viruses anyway. The only reason I took it to SoftQue in the first place is because Red Sevens had moved 10 miles further but apparently the longer trip is warranted.
5	Great bunch of knowledgeable people that can fix any problem big or small and provide excellent and Courteous customer service.
5	I purchased a laptop and had work done on my desktop at their other location. Then I found out his location is closer to my home.  My computer died on me one day and I was devastated thinking I had lots all my pictures and documents.  Softque was able to restore all my data and get my computer going again, at a very low cost.  They are always friendly and the service is great. It's great to have a reliable computer genius on hand when I need that I know I can trust.
5	Great staff to work with.  Always answers to my questions. I never give them much notice and need stuff fast, and they always amaze me with their solutions.Try them out.  You will be happy too.
5	I've had to bring different laptops in to get fixed and they've always done a good job.  They've helped me with various computer issues, too.The latest was a couple months ago they replaced the power switch on my Dell, which Dell was really lame to put a power switch on a movable part.  All good and new and works great.  Also got a discount because I know the owner.Anyway, awhile back, they helped me with issues with my Sony Vaio. Also got my kids' ThinkPad laptop from them awhile back - was refurbished.  It ran great for quite 3.5 yrs.  Anyway, they always do a good job.
