4	I got to thinking that a night drive in to Vegas sounded like a nice idea, but my gf and I had already booked rooms for the next day. We needed a room quickly, and cheap, just to crash in before we got to our planned hotel. I punched in some stats and this spot popped up. Using one of the oldest and most trusted means of measuring distance, my thumb and forefinger determined this hotel was only a few miles from the Strip. For $50/night, it sure worked for us. We got in late and were greeted by Randall, who handled everything for us perfectly smooth. He even called up to the room right as we entered to make sure it was all up to snuff. It was. The rooms are pretty damn nice, with a full kitchen, refrigerator, cabinets, a stove top, and table. You could live here - and people likely did, since this was an extended stay before it was an inn. The beds here are small, that's why we opted for two double beds. I can barely sleep with my gf on a queen without being continually pushed and prodded into the far recesses of the bedside, so a double bed would likely mean I'd wind up on the floor before the night was through. The beds aren't very comfortable, though. The mattress felt like someone had wrapped sheets around a large brick, and the pillows were just as unyielding to my body's attempts at getting cozy. But we'd also gotten in at around midnight, so I passed out without issue after plopping down. During checkout, the woman working started to laugh hysterically out of nowhere. Then she told me that she just saw the special message I'd written in when booking the room (hey, there was an empty box for it, I felt obligated) which read: roar like a dinosaur when we check-in. Randall didn't do it, and I'd forgotten I wrote it, so we all had a good laugh. She didn't roar, though.
4	Very pleased with the HOJO, as it's written on the room key. Just me staying the night passing through.Hotel feels older, but it is clean. Surprised by the space, full fridge, sink, microwave and stove. Standing dresser with real coat hanger, safe, laundry basket and iron.Staff is friendly and the place suits my needs. Bed isn't special. Thin blankets could be a problem in the winter, but it's 93 degrees in the middle of the night and I have the box AC running all night to maintain a nice temp. Free wifi. Continental breakfast is nice extra. No big frills, but at ~$50 a night I'm happy for a simple place.*one possible caveat- my room has a doorbell and says Room for Handicapped. Not sure if my layout is much different than other rooms.
4	I wanted Howard Johnson to get my vote because my one night stay here was so nice.  The customer service, the rooms, and continental breakfast was very nice.  Seeing as I was here with Anthony A I will save your eyes from reading and just have you refer to his review, since he's a much better writer :)
3	We stayed here two nights mainly for the 50% off deal and the closeness to Nellis AFB (which is why we are here). We are two adults and two small children (1 and 5). They did not have any cribs or pack-n-plays available at check-in but got one for second night. There aren't any lamps in the rooms. We wanted it dim before bedtime so we had to resort to using the microwave light. The TV is quite small (about 22") compared to most hotels I've stayed in. We tolerated these minor annoyances.Room was clean. Only two flat pillows for each queen bed. I requested more pillow for second night. Beds okay, not great. I like the padded head board as it made for a more comfy seat when sitting on bed. Lots of TV channels to choose from and free wifi was a plus. Our room had a full sized fridge/freezer, large sink, two hot plates and a microwave.Also has mirror, iron, ironing board, laundry basket & safe. Awesome!!The IHOP across the street offers 20% off to HoJo guests, which is awesome. We happened to be here during international pancake day (3/4/14) when IHOP serves free pancakes in hopes to get donations for Children's Miracle Network. Score!Decent breakfast selection of cereals, bagels, muffins, fruit, oatmeal, juice, teas and coffee. They do not carry any extra toiletry items so we resorted to going to the Walmart just down the road for items we forgot.For the price WE paid it was a decent stay.
3	Here's the thing...you definitely get what you pay for. We stayed there literally overnight so it was a very quick stay. It was a great deal at $60 for the night which included parking and a quick continental breakfast in the am. The hotel's interior looks more like a dorm than a hotel. The rooms are....fine. Some of the pillowcases and bedding was questionable but we kept telling ourselves it's just one night. The biggest problem was THE SMELL. We were in a non smoking room but this room had a unique funk all it's own. It was not good. Oh and our room had a view of the pool which we realized had no water in it and had two deck chairs turned over just chilling at the bottom of it *shrug*But the staff was super friendly and cheerful and they had some great options for their continental breakfast. Plus we scored great parking outside the front entrance. So I probably won't go back there again, but like i said, you get what you pay for. ;)
5	We went here to save money, period. We were going to Vegas on a  serious budget.We did not expect our accommodations to be nice. We were greatly surprised.A full size fridge, microwave, and stove? Hell yeah.A continental breakfast? Score.All the other comforts of your standard hotel room, that often cheaper hotels don't usually have? You got it here.For $42, $47 with fees, we stayed in this practically luxurious hotel. I would totally stay here again, as long as I had a car during the trip to get to and from it. It's not even that far from the strip though!Nothing can beat the fridge and microwave - you can't find that in any of the hotels on the strip unless you're in a suite. Nor a continental breakfast.Also, the front desk staff were all very nice and helpful. The only things I didn't like was that there was only one elevator. (Someone hogged it for a little while - so we took the stairs with our luggage. But it was only 3 floors anyway.)Also, the bed sheets are pretty thin.But for the price compared to the value, this is a steal of a deal in Vegas.
4	We came here because it was very close to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway and because it was the least expensive hotel with a three star rating on Kayak.  The people were very nice and friendly.  The room was very clean, odor free (we're non smokers), and had both a full size refrigerator and microwave.  The beds are firm, but very comfortable.  I'm tall (6' 5") so I would like to have a CA King bed, but two double beds worked out fine.  The included continental breakfast is a nice thing for money.  Also, free parking and wifi are a bonus.  Lastly, the IHOP across the street gives guests a 20% discount.  We'd definitely stay here again, for another event at the Speedway.
4	We decide to stay off the Strip for our most recent trip, both to avoid the resort fees and to have a slightly quieter stay. Despite the cigarette smells, we were pleased.The hotel, like some other folks here have mentioned, is older and the rooms feel more like a studio apartment complete with a fridge, sink, and stovetop burner. Actually, it makes sense since there is a Value Place sitting right next door. Because it's older and far off the Strip, there were a number of families and older folks staying which made the stay pretty quiet. The employees are friendly, which is also a plus.Other amenities in the room: an A/C-slash-heater, a TV sitting on a dresser, alarm clock radio, a coffee maker, a wardrobe with a small safe and ironing things, and a desk with chairs. There are no lamps, so you're stuck with the overhead light or using the light under the microwave if you don't want the light shining down full force. The bed is firm, which I prefer, but I found one of the blankets itchy (the beigey one). By the way, I thought we booked a non-smoking room but were put on the fourth floor which REEKED of cigarettes and perhaps other not-so-legal smells. Maybe it was just the people who happened to be staying at the same time (some of them looked sketchy) or perhaps it just smells that way. I have no idea. I was hoping that staying off the Strip would mean fewer cigarette smells but this smashed that idea. There's a small gym somewhere, which I never used, and they offer continental breakfast until 10AM. They have bagels, muffins, fruit (apples and oranges), and cereals (instant oatmeal, raisin bran, fruit loops). Drink options included apple juice, orange juice, milk, coffee, and assorted teas. The coffee was weak. There's a room across from the breakfast area for you to sit and they have a TV playing the morning news. You also have the option of eating at IHOP next door; mention the hotel and you get a discount or something. We never went.Overall, this a decent place to stay to save some money, if you don't mind cigarette smells.
3	Good for saving money and staying in a safe place. Breakfast, room were just ok.
1	booked smoking room accidentally. when called to change to non-smoking room, i was told by front desk that you will get room you booked. it was just matter to changing room from smoking to non-smoking. when i explained my wife has asthma and cannot tolerate cigarette smell, she/front desk said, "well, that your problem" i never seen hotel front desk this rude and un-caring about other human beings and their needs.
1	I would avoid this hotel. The live to get their hands in your credit card. They will post random charges constantly without permission. I am also a Wyndom client and am totally blown away they can't do something to the management here for their fraudulent activities.
