1	Want friendly service, good prices, safe location? Don't stop,keep going! Located in a strip mall near a smoke shop and a QT many unsavory characters milling around. Recently moved nearby and explained that I like Chinese food and need a go to place for my fix. I ordered the lunch special take-out. Thinking they would like my return business, they would make my order especially robust. WRONG! Upon opening, found egg rolls missing, small scoop of fried rice and lo mien and 2 small pieces of beef with broccoli and as a bonus...all cold and bland. Also missing, fork, napkins, condiments and the traditional fortune cookie. No drink order. Total, almost $9! WOW. No wonder it's always empty of customers. Too bad! :-(
4	Great singapore noodles, large portions, will take-out from here again
4	This place has good food and good prices.  Egg rolls could be better but not a deal breaker for me.  Lots of my coworkers also order from this place.
5	Small little place, but is best for takeout when we don't want to cook. The food is good, way better than Panda Express! I always believe Chinese food needs to be cooked by Chinese people not Mexican. Will definately order again when we visit AZ!  Added bonus with the guy name Tony who took my order, he was very friendly and made sure we had enough. Thanks for you great service tony!
5	Great prices. Beyond great food. Friendly staff. COOKED TO ORDER 5 FEET FROM YOUR FACE. hello!?!? Tell me where you can get all these great things all under one roof?!? 5 stars!!!
1	Disgusting! Rice is dry, veggies over cooked, Taos chicken was so disgusting my pet wouldn't even touch it. My wife had veggies and it looked liked someone had pre-chewed it for her. The sight of the food was just completely unappealing. NEVER ordering food from here again.
5	Great place. Good prices, best Mongolian chicken! Really good crab puffs! small place but a positive , get to watch them cook your food. Cooked as ordered and small wait time. Large menu, lots of choices!
