4	I love Lucky Brand. They have this one type of jeans that make my butt look so good, but you won't find me at this store very often. Why? Because Lucky Brand is expensive! And this store is all about full price!Your better off finding great deals on Lucky Jeans or other clothing from Lucky on sale elsewhere. Places like Nordstroms or Nordstrom Rack and Department Stores Sales.Gotta love their four leaf clover branding image and the way the inside zippers all say "lucky you"! Hmm!
5	Me and my bf shop here every couple of months to get him new jeans, and this one guy helped us, let us take our time and just very nice. I went back 3 months later and i walked in the store and he remembered my name! Like wow, 3 months ago i was in there shopping, for him to not only remember me but my name! That is GREAT service.  The only bad thing is the manger ( I think she is) she is a total bitch,and if your not going to buy something right away your wasting her time. Even though this lady is a bitch. The other employees are so nice, and so friendly i still rate them 5 stars :)
5	This is a great Lucky Store location - always a good selection, friendly staff and never a shortage of dressing rooms.  Lucky is my favorite brand of jeans.  They're expensive but far less so than most other high-end, long-lasting brands of jeans.  I can always find something flattering and every single pair I've owned has lasted forever.  I've worn only Lucky jeans for almost three years and nothing has even begun to wear out yet.  Their tee-shirts are really cute and long-lasting as well (depending on the material), and my favorite belt came from their bargain bin - always worth a look for incredible buys!They have great sales often, so get on the mailing list.
4	I haven't visited this store until today. So...I was walking across Scottsdale Rd and I see a really pretty girl and loved her top. We started talking and I asked where she got it and so there I was going into LB. They didn't have the top and I had to go to the Fashion Square location. But, Megan and Ingrid were totally helpful and I did find some awesome stuff. The jewelry is so fine. Thanks! Good Job! Now I'm a fan!
2	Love the clothes and always find several things to buy, been a fan for years. I have to ask though, is there some new initiative within the sales people? It seems like a literal transition overnight from nice polite and attentive staff to now at every location I visit they are intrusive and will not let anyone shop in peace. I cannot go in now without feeling so pressured and for a lack of a better term-bothered. I am a very social person and I consider this as over the top behavior. I visited the Scottsdale Fashion Park location this weekend already knowing whats in store from the sales people based on experiences I've already had there. My girlfriend and I reluctantly went into the store to within moments have a sales girl follow us around with her obviously forced small talk. I picked up a shirt as my girl browsed a separate rack trying to get her away from us, but she didn't take the hint. The sales girl then went on to try to convince me to purchase an item I already put back on the rack...seriously? She asked what I do for a living which is fine although bordering on personal. Among the onslaught of irritating interaction and unnecessary, obviously forced questioning she was pestering us about where we live and what we were doing . This continued as we were pulling the dressing room door shut. Seriously, take a hint and let us at least try things on in peace. I left some clothes at the register and we ran out of there with out the purchases we wanted to make, we couldn't deal with the awkward and annoying behavior any longer. (I'm serious, while I'm pulling the door shut she is like "so where you guys from!?")Now all of these questions might seems harmless and I get that some sales folks are generally trying to build a rapport, I have worked in retail and restaurant service in the past...I get it. Whatever Lucky Brand has come up with in these new changes is almost as though they are reading from a script with the line of questioning as it is identical at several locations. Your staff needs to be able to identify when people aren't interested in playing along. I am here to buy clothes, not for a speed dating event with your staff. People skills are not something you can really teach but social cues should be obvious when guests are bordering on anger trying to get away from being pestered by staff in a small shop. I hope this review finds its way to a senior staff member because I love the merchandise but we hate the idea of returning because of a recurring problem.
