3	What a cute little place. That's all I remember. The food was OK. They don't have coffee. I was there for brunch. Ya.
4	I visited this place in Montreal over a weekend. It's a nice little restaurant tucked away on Rue Rachel that has a somewhat rustic feel to it.The menu is entirely raw and vegan, offering items like sandwiches, salads, soups, pasta dishes, and smoothies. I ordered an appetizer as I was just there for a snack, so I ordered their version of nachos with guacamole, salsa, and sour cream (called 'fiesta' on the menu). The nachos tasted very salty at first, but when paired with the side dips, it was pretty good. The rosemary flavour was pretty prominent in the nachos too.Next time I go back I'd probably try something else from the menu since there's a lot to choose from.
5	The best food. Loved everything. The lasagna amazing, the pasta amazing, the burgers amazing. Everything was wonderful and surprisingly filling. The chapati is amazing, I am an addict. Wonderful restaurant. And the kombucha amazing, and teas great too. Don't forget the desserts. Amazing.
4	This must be my month of hitting up all the Vegan places! Truthfully speaking, I had zero idea that I was going to end up here tonight, and I came for a smoothie, and ended up trying their raw chocolate and key lime pie.  I could pretend I don't know what happened but I was so intrigued (yet not super hungry) that I had to ignore the stomach saying no more food this one time.You see, I have never ever tried this whole raw food thing. I was also confused because if it is raw food, I guess it is non heated? This will be left for another day to be discovered, but for now I can tell you:A) Lassi aux Framboise - made of nut yogurt, raspberries, mango - was seriously surprised at how tasty it was and thick like a lassi should be!B) Raw Matcha Chocolate - I love matcha I love chocolate, and when you put them together, it's pretty much heaven. I could eat this again and againC) Key Lime Pie - Macadamia Crust, Lime and Avocado Mousse - I have to say this is pretty experimental for me, but a friend was talking about avocados all day and I had no choice. Surprisingly Limey and whipped avocado did not taste like avocado at all. As I said before, I am a crust-lover and this was good, but I wished for something a lil more than oily nut something drier and could be graham cracker like would have been super. But geez, who am I to complain, I would have never come up with that.I am super intrigued by the lasagna and the nachos, so I guess the next time I am there....Oh yeah, this place is also gluten free.
5	I don't mean to compare but this place gives Aux Vivres a run for it's money. I think that their food is so much more flavorful and inventive, but their desserts are lacking. Their nachos and their tuna wrap was to die for. For those who believe that healthy food cannot be delicious. Eat your words fools! This place totally disproves that silly idea.
4	Love this vegan/raw restaurant - great for a casual lunch or dinner! And the food is fantastic! Recommend the Om burger and the Warrior smoothie - was an amazing combination!
3	+ cute little place in old montreal, nice music, pleasant staff - extremely expensive for what you get, salad wasn't fresh at all, hard to get there
5	Always love trying new raw places. Cute restaurant/store that takes up two storefronts. There's a little takeout and product area when you immediately enter.  Lots of different products including coconut oil, pre made foods, drinks, protein powder, books, etc. There's only a small seating area for eat-in dining. When I was there, the same girl who was working the main checkout counter was also the only waitress. The menu has a lot of smoothie and juice options including their home-brewed kombucha. Witnessed a group of 6+ girls just order smoothies during a weeknight dinner service... that will never be me, but the space is definitely one that you want to linger in, especially during the cool Montreal summer evenings. Ordered the kale Caesar salad. A good size, had some spicy croutons, and a delicious dressing. The massaged kale was a good consistency.I would imagine that a raw food restaurant is a tough sell for non-vegans, but the smoothies, juices, and now popular kombucha would definitely attract the skeptics. Wish I had the ability to transport the scoby or as they called it -- maman kombucha-- to the U.S. with me!
5	Excellent food! With my food restrictions (no sugar, no carbs), this was the paradise! Recommended to everyone who's searching for health food! Really great and original menu.
