5	I've been to the Glass Center perhaps 5 or so times now. I've gone for a tours/demonstrations and two "Make It Now" classes. I have thoroughly enjoyed going each and every time. Some of the art they have on display is fantastic. It was interesting the last time I went because local artists were there to sell glass work they made.The Make It Now classes are well worth $25. You get to be somewhat involved in creating the object (You get to pick the color, blow the glass, and do a couple of other things. You never get too hot to the ovens or do anything dangerous at all. If you want to be more involved, there are other more advanced classes that you can take), plus you have a wonderful piece of art to take home! I've made an ornament and pumpkin so far and will be making a flower soon. The instructors have all been very nice and helpful as well, making the experience even better.I can't wait to go back!
4	Very modern, super friendly staff, classess offered to public and students alike.  Unfortunately they were between shows when we visited, but even then there was a lot to see and the instructor upstairs was quite comfortable working in front of the public.  I'd go back, especially if I lived in town.
5	I LOVE the glass center. I've been lucky enough to attend quite a few events here, and also do a small class where I was able to make an ornament. The staff is always friendly and fun, and I always leave feeling grateful that we have such a unique place here in Pittsburgh!
4	Most definitely, I'm a fan of this joint. There are fabulous, high-quality displays of glass art, and they offer lots of learning opportunities if you want to make your own glass art or functional glass pieces. Plus, on gallery crawl nights (First Friday of every month!) they have snacks galore.
2	A few hours before the event, we happened across the ad in the City Paper and decided to give it a shot.  We were excited to get there as the event said we would be making something, there would be food and music, demonstrations, live music, and a gallery.  Booking our reservations for 6pm was quick and easy over the phone; $60 for a couple.  Upon arrival, we checked in and were asked if we wanted to purchase another item to make; we were confused because we assumed that we would each get to make something.  In the end, we chose not to spend the extra $15 to make another garden float/ornament; aka a hollow glass ball.  When our 'instructor' met with us, he was very friendly but it was loud and he was very hard to hear.  He ran through everything at lightning speed and in the end, all we got to do was blow air in a tube for 10 seconds.  Had the first attempt not popped, I wouldn't even have been able to do anything!  From a teacher's standpoint, there were many other steps in the process that we should have been able to participate in; I would've been happy to sign a waiver if that is part of the issue.  Within 15 minutes, our ball was done and we were shuffled out so another couple could have their turn.We then worked our way downstairs to the food and drink and there was an assortment of beer, wine, sparkling juices, veggies, fruit, cheese, and some deli meats.  The assortment was nice, as we were able to snack on the healthy side, but the beer was still warm.The gallery was nice to walk through with work on display from so many talented people, the live music added to the ambiance, and the demonstrations were interesting to watch.In the end, it was nice experience, but were severely let down by the make-it/take-it section of the evening (the part we were most excited for!).  It really started to bug us, when later in the evening, we saw an older couple getting to do more of the steps in the process (mind you, we aren't young kids, but young professionals).  We would have liked to have a small 'info talk' about the steps that will take place, why they are that way, the tools used, maybe some quick science behind it, then get to work on the item.
5	The Glass Center is a marvelous addition the Pittsburgh cultural scene.  They are a gallery, a place to take classes, a center for glass artists in residence, and much more.  Whether you are taking a tour, a class, or visiting the gift shop or gallery, there's a lot to see and learn here.  I've taken tours several times with different groups, but I always learn something new and I am always impressed by the great work takes place at the Center.They will take students at every level.  Their facility is well run and professionally staffed.  I was delighted to meet their enthusiastic staff.There's a hot shop, a cold shop, a flame shop, and a gallery, so there's lots to see and learn.
5	I went to a yelp event here, where we were able to make a fused glass piece and also watch some demonstrations and go to the gallery. Everything in the gallery was amazing. The demonstrations were neat, and the fused glass was something I would go back to do again.I really didn't know that the glass center was open most of the time, and if you go there on any random day, you can watch whatever is going on. I think that is pretty cool! They also have classes where you can blow glass or make beads or whatever you want... I can't wait to pick up my piece and come back for another class!
5	Went here with my girlfriends last Saturday.  They were having a girls night event.  A small bar & desserts were included in the price.  It was $40 per person. We loved it!  We worked closely with a glass artist.  We didn't just watch, we were acutally doing it!  We made glass flowers, I can't wait to pick mine up!  (It takes a few days.)  I definitely recommend this as something different to do with friends or on a date! My one friend did a glass blowing event there & said that this was much more HANDS ON than the glass blowing was.
