5	Cafe Melies is a wonderful restaurant with an adjacent lounge in a hip part of town, St. Laurent St. The place is great and very contempory, with loungy music playing not too loudly, TV screen playing interesting videos (albeit with no sound) from either weird movies or weird documentaries. The restaurant has wonderful food that is not too expensive (entrees in the CDN$20  range) although I wouldn't be able to afford it very often. It is definitely worth what it costs. The beef cheek is to die for. The wine list is very nice also and the waiters seem to know it very well and can adequetly suggest the right wine to go with your meal. They also have a nice selection of wine by the glass, as well as champagnes/bubbly and portos that are great.Although the restaurant is great, I love Melies because of its lounge. There are not a lot of tables but they are not jammed together. You can be with a big group or with a special someone and still feel like it's personal. Their tapas are pretty good and they have the same wine list (by the bottle or by the glass) as the restaurant. Their drink list is very nice too. Try the Melies drink! A martini-style drink that tastes great and packs a nice punch (I think from the absinth) Melies is a great place to take a date, or meet up with some friends to talk. Basically as good as a lounge gets!
5	Great restaurant on St Laurent, in the middle of an entertainment district. The place was very quiet and great food. I had a Kobe beef burger, and it was so good. Beef was cooked perfectly with juices oozing out. Portobello mushroom appetizer was great too. Price is quite reasonable for a place as such (around $35 for my meal). Worth trying.
5	Wow. Amazing food. Just got home and still thinking about the meal!
5	What a burger. Kobe beef, caramelized onions, bacon.And thanks to their new Spanish chef, what halibut, cooked and seasoned perfectly.No complaints; great service (French speaking waitstaff making the effort to speak English in Montreal, ten points), nice outdoor seating and very reasonable pricing for the quality and area.
5	Went to Cafe Melies for a company party and was blown away!The food is just perfectly executed. I had the Salmon Tartar which was amazing and fresh. The steak was cooked exactly as it should at medium rare. I could cut through it with a fork alone.It was excellent and can not wait to go back! I can still taste it! Mium!
4	They have a concise but well rounded menu and the desserts were amazing, we had the Seventh Heaven (worthy of it's name) and Panna Cotta.I was impressed with the service, the wait staff were very attentive, we never even touched our wine bottle, they were always around to refill the glasses. After we placed our orders the kitchen realized they were out of the type of fish on the menu, but the manager came out and explained this with the other alternative options that they could accommodate.
2	My aunt to me here, and while it seems like a good place, it left me unsatisfied.The menu is more bistro style food, but the price is more expensive, I guess it's on St-Laurent so the rent must be crazy.For appetizers, we had the fish tacos, and cold strawberry cucumber soup. the fish taco was nice, but there was only one, and on the menu it says TACOS!!! with an S which means more than one... It's an issue when your taco is 14$ after that, I just didn't care anymore. To me it's just lame to mislead people like that.Needless to say, the food is average, the plating is very nice, and the price a bit gougy. My aunt treated me and the whole time I felt bad cuz it totally wasn't worth it. Nothing was bad, it was just blah, but a costly blah. so you gets ONE STARS...
4	I'll keep this review short because I just went back to their website to remember what we ate, and saw that they've closed on June 15.  I really need to catch up on my reviews faster.  But I took the time to take pics, so I'm still posting.We were just exploring Boul. Sant-Laurent, needed food, and this looked good.  We really enjoyed this beautiful trendy place that still managed to be friendly and comfortable.  Our waiter was polite and prompt.  There weren't too many people in here, which was surprising, given how good the food was.Quel dommage.
