1	Stopped in here on my way to Pink Taco. Way disappointed in their Gay/Lesbian book selections. 1 measly little shelf- NOTE: shelf, NOT bookcase...Fuck that! How are the conservative AZ's gonna come outta the closet without a "how-to" manual?
4	Oh Border's, 'tis my crutch on a boring Saturday afternoon. I would take the high road and drive to Changing Hands but I am far too lazy. Plus, CH doesn't sell kicky toys and calenders you can put on your desk at work. Such has saved my life many a Secret Santa time. But about that Border's Rewards...when the hell are the rewards gonna start comin'? The cashiers never seem to be amused when we ask them that question.
5	I know, I know. You're supposed to support independent book stores. You're supposed to shun corporate America chain stores. The sentiment behind "You've Got Mail" was not lost on me. Well, this is why I don't shop at Barnes & Noble. Borders, however, is a different story. Part of it is the people, part of it is the Borders Rewards program and a huge chunk of it is the selection. I visited my first Borders in Santa Monica about 15 years ago, give or take a couple of years. I remember thinking how much cooler this place was than B&N. Everything was so much brighter, so much warmer, so much more hip. B&N always made me feel like I had snuck into some crotchety old man's library. Borders made me feel welcome.The staff at the Scottsdale Borders store by Scottsdale Fashion Square is awesome as is the staff of the Mesa store right by Fiesta Mall. Anytime I go into either of these stores there's always someone around to help me search for whatever I'm looking for, but they don't breathe down my neck if I'm just wandering. You can tell that much of the staff is as enthused about good books as I am and it's nice to share that passion. Plus, like the Borders stores back in New Mexico (see my previous review), there's always some quirky staff member who you just can't help but fall in love with.Then there's the Borders Rewards program...I love it! With this program I almost never pay full price for anything. I always get at least 20% off, and, if I'm patient enough, I often get 30 or 40% off coupons that have probably saved me at least a couple of hundred bucks by now. Plus, when you spend a certain amount in the stores you get Borders Bucks. Best part is, they keep track of it for you on  your card (no silly stamp cards to lose).
3	I do support independent book stores as often as possible, but every now and then, when you need a book or a gift for a reader or a magazine or a notebook or a... (you get the point) - Borders makes it easy to run in, find what you're looking for, and go... and I do enjoy Borders for that.  I've been in this store more than a handful of times over the years and 9 times out of 10, I find what I'm looking for.  But, when I called today, to see if they carried a certain CD, they informed me that every Borders in the state except for one in Tucson got rid of their music selection a while back.  I guess everyone is going online for music now or finding music elsewhere.  I must be behind the times.So, Borders - I'm still a fan even though you're a big corporate giant... but I needed to inform the Yelp community that you no longer carry music!
4	I work with technology for a living...it seems that almost all of my working discussions are centered around technology, and even friendly discussions seem to get around to discussions of the lastest and greatest from the Valley (Silicon Valley...no the other Silicon Valley:)When it's time to relax, I like to curl up in my sock drawer with a good book...not a Kindle (I'm know, they are wonderful, but I just prefer the feel and aroma of a real book:)What can I say...I'm as old as dirt and occasionally nostalgic for simpler things:)I have the library close by, but they don't always have the newest (or the oldest) books to choose from...that's when I wander down the street to Borders:)Sure, I wander to other book stores...several rare and antique book stores in Old Town, but they don't have the latest David Baldacci at those joints (and won't have it until the signed first edition becomes "rare" in another 95 years...I can't wait that long to read it:), so Borders is the default:)And a serviceable default, at that:)They have a wonderful and extensive selection, specials, frequent flyer programs and a lovely little coffee shop upstairs, where you can take your time and look over your prospective purchases (or even your actual purchases:) over a cup of pretty decent coffee (Seattle's Best Coffee:)While they say "Seattle's Best" coffee on their sign, I don't know that I would go that far...it's really not even Scottsdale's Best coffee.I would call it Scottsdale's Best Book Store Coffee, since it is good and it's in the book store:)One thing that Seattle's Best Coffee in a Borders Book Store does very well is a little treat that they call "Kola"...real soda jerked cola...if you are any kind of Coke or Pepsi fan, you may want to give this try...it's astonishingly good and takes me back to the days of my youth when a real Coke from the soda fountain was definite treat:)I really don't know of anyplace else that you can get a real soda jerked cola anymore...I know you can get a lot of other things jerked in Scottsdale, but a soda?...not so much:)So drop by Borders, pick up a little something to read and have them jerk you a Kola...treat yourself:-)
3	I usually like going to local shops but BF wanted some coffee and this seemed like the quickest route to getting some midday caffeine. Girl at the register was kinda rude but I mean hey... we all have our off days. I got a latte, checked out some music and got some postcards....Overall average experience.
3	This Borders is really hit or miss.  They have a really decent selection of cookbooks and that was awesome to browse through so many titles from different chefs who I know and trust, but their fiction section is overall pretty shitty.  Of course, like any book store, they have an entire section devoted to Stephen King that pretty much dwarfs every other author, but even there they had a lot of duplicates and didn't have some of his best work.They're super close to where I work, so sometimes if there's a movie I want to buy, I'll call and ask to see if they have it and, to date, they only came through with something once.  I asked if they had It's a Wonderful Life (bought it last year cause, fuck it, it's a Christmas classic!).  They did, but only this ridiculous goddamned boxed set version with a bell, because every time a bell rings, and angel gets its wings.  Or so I've heard.Generally, when I call though, they don't have nuthin'.  No The Apartment, no Night of the Hunter, and these are generally the classic type fare you'd think a place like Borders would love the shit out of but... eh.I always get the same guy when I buy a cup of coffee and he's such an enthusiastic dude, he puts me in a better mood right away, so kudos to him!
