4	Being a first time home-buyer, we spent plenty of time the past few months in the Belmont Lowe's. Our experience was pretty amazing. Everyone that we encountered at Lowe's was extremely helpful and seemed genuinely interested in ensuring that we found what we were looking for and got exactly what we wanted. We thought we may have just got lucky the first time in, but time and again we have been impressed. We purchased our counter tops and kitchen tile back splash from this Lowe's and the crews they sent out did a pretty solid job (although one dude left all his latex gloves in the backyard). When we thought there was a problem with the tile work, they sent someone out right away. Turned out the house is still settling and after touching it up, left us the tube to touch up as needed. Separate visit: we went for Christmas decorations and there was a man in the area of the lights helping everyone out and suggesting different things. Again, super friendly.
4	This Lowe's is great!  I've been here many times and the employees are always extremely friendly and so helpful!  I've never had to hunt someone down for help, they always find me right when I need them.Besides the great service Lowe's has an unlimited inventory of home improvement goodies.  Neither myself or my husband are particularly handy around the house but after taking a lap through this place we always want to try something new.We've also been very lucky with the clearance aisles.  We found a huge framed mirror that was marked way down and a good quality large area rug for our living room for cheap.The only thing I don't love about this store is the number of hours I want to spend here once I walk in the door.
4	I much prefer Lowe's to Home Depot Big Box any day of the week. While it's true that I much prefer to give my business to small town hardware stores, lets face the facts.. This place is cheaper, I'm guaranteed they'll have what I'm looking for, and I'm certain I'll find an expert in the department I'm looking in that actually worked in the industry - not a general handyman who'd probably also teach me how to siphon gas from a car using an old hose.. no.. Not at Lowe's. It's too bad that the company's portfolio and debt to capital ratio is so much poorer than HD.. I'd love to see them expand.I did mention to try and support your local hardware stores... right? I know.. the selection at Lowe's is too good to pass up though. I understand and I'm right there with you.
5	We were headed for Lowe's in Denver but decided to go to Belmont instead - and we are so glad we did!  Met "Wilma" in home appliances and bought a new stove and a dryer from her.  She was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  Our daughter just bought a new home in Gastonia and dealt with the Gastonia Lowe's - which was horrible.  She bought washer, dryer, double oven, microwave, etc.  She even had a credit from her realtor as the stove in her new home was stolen.  No one in the store could ever get anything right, the messed up her account for well over a month, so we knew we didn't want to deal with that store.   For all future needs, we will certainly deal with the Belmont Lowe's.
1	Beware of Plumbing contractors! We are currently living in California and own a townhouse in Cramerton.  Our tenants advised us that we needed a new hot water heater, so I contacted Lowe's and talked to Eric.  He told me that he would have their plumbers go out and will call me with an estimate.  He said that with the hot water heater that I selected, it shouldn't be more than $800.00.  I had already had one estimate of $1000.00 so that was in line with the first estimate.  Eric called me a few days later and it had gone from $800.00 to $1900.00.  Was charging me for putting plastic down, hiring a second person, replacing flooring because they thought the floor was unstable, yet no water damage and the heater sits on a joist.  I immediately called Home Depot.  They took all of my information, sent a guy out with the hot water heater, checked to see if I needed anything additional (which I didn't), and installed the hot water heater and left.  All done and to the tune of $978.00.  I also have a two year warranty on labor and Lowe's was only a year.  Very Happy and satisfied with my choice.  Just beware of additional costs with Lowes.  Will call Home Depot from here on out.  What's sad to me is my dad was a manager of Lowe's and retired from them.  Things were so much more efficient back then.  Not sure what has changed but its changed.  You may want to re-evaluate your customer service and plumbing contractors.  This girl is sticking with Home Depot!!!
1	The manager lady with tattoos all around her neck does not need to be in customer service field. Like talking to a brick wall. Cashiers Do Not ask how your doing, if you have MyLowes card or anything. Everyone is a blank stare. I was told by an employee to order what I was looking for online, when I looked it up online there were 9 in this store. They just simply don't want to do anything at this store. Bob Niblock needs to drive from Mooresville and lay down the law at this store.
4	This is a really nice new location that has one of the strangest entrances from the Belmont Abby side on the planet! Who doesn't like a little Indy Car race track curves and dips on the way to a hardware store?!? I guess they did this to find out who knows how to tie down their lumber before they get to a main road? Sheesh it's ridiculous, but if you're in your car it's pretty fun to zoom around.  Anyway back to the store... Tons of selection and the garden center in the spring is gorgeous. The staff answered all my questions and I was able to find what I needed. Please people if you own a truck don't buy bag mulch or dirt!! Sure if you only need a bag then go ahead, but if you need a giant load there is a better option. Go to a local nursery or garden center and buy a scoop or two of it and they will load it in your truck!!! You'll save tons of cash by not buying it pre-packaged in beautiful marketing branded bags. Yes your truck will get a little dirty, but isn't that why you bought a truck!?!  I can't stand seeing guys loading 20 bags of mulch in a perfectly useful truck bed. Seriously for less than $20 a scoop you'll get way more mulch and actually look like a man!!
