2	This is kind of an elaborate review of the Little Caesar's on the corner of Indian School road and 83rd ave. I hope it isn't indicative of all the others. I hate to admit, I have been coming here off and on for about 10-12 yrs. It is close by and located in a dirty strip mall between a rib shack and a Dollar store and the parking area is shared with a Food City (closed now) and a Chinese food restaurant. Needless to say parking is at a premium especially evenings and Friday nights. I only go there when I don't feel like cooking dinner or there is nothing in the frig. (plus it's cheap $5 for a lg. pepperoni)  I usually call in advance for my order and it is always ready and on time because after looking for a place to park and going to the counter passing a hoard to the counter takes about 20 to 30 min. The interior is about the size of an elevator and is packed like sardines. (Big time B. O.)  After making it to the counter and waiting to pick up my order I get a chance to watch the kitchen staff. Unlike most of the customers, I am about 6ft. tall and have a good vantage point. If you want to eat your pizza don't look. Just put your blinds on and leave quickly. Hopefully your car is still there. But if you decide to look you will notice food prep without gloves, no hair nets, cashiers handling food after handling money, staff eating while working, half eaten pizzas on working surfaces, phone orders being taken while eating or boxing up your order, flies in the window dead and alive, walls and floors thick with grime, kitchen area and equipment filthy with old grease, workers unkempt, dirty and disheveled looking. Pretty sad, to say the least, but surprisingly I have never gotten "physically" ill ( I think I have built up a tolerance/ immunity or lucky) and the pizzas taste pretty darn good and hot. They have never messed up my order either. AMAZING!! If you do decide to go...enter at your own risk.  I will probably go there again and push my luck. I just wish they would clean up their act!!! Good luck!
1	This store needs to take down the hot and ready sign!!! Pizza is never hot and ready!!!
