5	Great experience.  Great ice cream.  Always a good alternative to the restaurant across the parking lot.DQ rocks...
3	I cannot recommend DQ's food. It is edible but not great. But who on earth goes here for anything but ice cream? They have a pretty good selection of grab-and-go stuff in the freezer by the door, and there is a drive-through. The inside is very small, and they close up for a month (I want to say January), I'm guessing for the owners to snowbird it. Every ice cream item I've ever gotten from here has been great. I had a pumpkin Blizzard in the fall that was DELISH. If you are the first car through the drive-through you should count your lucky stars. If you aren't the first then you might have quite a wait (understandable, since the car in front of you might be ordering Peanut Buster Parfaits for the entire marching band and you'd never know until it was too late). A couple of times I've dealt with employees who seemed to hate me and whatever I was ordering (the median age of these people seems to be about 19), but the ice cream was still great . Other times I've had extremely friendly and happy-seeming people at the window/register. Again, yummy ice cream.
4	This DQ location has an update: they are now paired with Orange Julius and so had to get rid of the fryers. I'm fine with that; I'm just there for the sugary treats anyhow. I try not to visit this place too often, as it is completely unredeemable nutritionally. But so yummy! Anyway, I was intrigued by the Blizzard flavor of the month (or, as the sign says, the BLIZZ FLAV): Lemon Meringue. So I buckled the kids in the minivan and headed out. It's summer vacation, so I don't feel bad about having them out after 9pm. It seems like most of Sun Prairie felt the same way, because when we got there we were the sixth car or so in line for the drive-through. Instead of waiting forever in line with the engine running I parked in the miniscule lot and walked in. I was then second in line behind some squirrely teenage girls. There were three young people working, and they were seriously running their arses off. The young woman who helped the teen in front of me and then me was nothing but professional and courteous. My Blizzards were perfection (Lemon Meringue and Mint Oreo). I docked a star just because the place is so squished.
2	I'm embarrassed to be writing this review. Why, you ask? Well it means coping to a number of things: 1. I was at Dairy Queen. I'll stop there. Naw, I'll keep going...2. Even though I'm lactose intolerant, there's just something about a blizzard I can't say no to.  3. Yes, even Yelp's lover of local winds up at a chain every now and again. It's usually during a dark period or when I'm leaving a meeting in Sun Prairie and I drive by the only DQ I know of in Wisconsin. 4. The basis for my low rating is a terrible blizzard that crushed all my blizzard dreams. 5. The real basis for my low rating is the fact that they took out friers, so gone are the days of crisp "chicken" fingers and white bread... seriously why were the baskets served with white bread? At the end of the day, the product, and I mean water, maaaaaybe skim milk and flavoring just didn't meet my expectations as blizzards have before. (I told you, I'm embarrassed) Add to this the fact that when it comes to "Brazier" all you can get is a hot dog swimming in funky hot dog water and there's little to no reason for me to stop here anymore. I want to take this opportunity to apologize to Michael's, Culver's and most of all Kopps in Milwaukee. I'll never stray again. You shouldn't either.
