3	I think the experience is driven by the guide.  Ours was very good, especially mixing the French and English in such a way that everything flowed smoothly.  Wasn't sure if he accepted (expected) a tip.  We didn't see anyone else tipping (peer pressure you know) and didn't tip the guide.  I wish we had.I enjoyed the "handmade" character of the Alo Bus.  It's as if some crazed inventor couldn't decide if he wanted a bus or a boat.  And then painted in is some drugged adelled haze.We've been on the duck tours in the Wisconsin Dells and Boston.  This one is about average.  Yeah, it's touristy, but hey you are, after all, a tourist.
5	The tour guide was not only full of good humor and information about the area, but he had a love of the city and its history that was apparent in the enthusiasm and points of interest. It was touristy, but fun nonetheless.
5	I had a great time touring old Montreal on this amphi boat, it's similar to the duck tour in boston. The highlight of the trip was our highly personable tour guide who not only knew his stuff, but also livened up otherwise boring portions of the trip with antics.  Due to the nature of the location much of the tour focused on architecture and history which I found quite interesting. With a less interesting guide this would be a 3, but he made it a 5 with the extra effort!
2	Compared to duck tours I have been on in Boston and other places-this one didn't come close.  Had some great views from the river but the tour was too short-and barely saw any of the city by land. I would recommend-from the way it looks-going on the open topped double decker bus.
4	I live in Montreal, and I got to do this because  friends visit from abroad. I really liked it because the tour guide was really good and entertaining and made the visit quite enjoyable. Learned a few things about old Montreal and the part on the water is great as well since you get to enjoy Montreal skyline from the water and also enjoy the view to the other side. Definitely recommend it for visitors.
5	We decided to take the Amphi tour in order to get a better tour of both the streets in Montreal and the harbour.We weren't disappointed.  The tour through town was very informative, and Sammy our guide was great.  He clearly loves his city and it's history and we learned more than we expected.  The water portion was a unique way to view the city and is highly recommended.  About halfway through the water portion of the tour, a thunderstorm rolled over the top of Mount Royal and we got hit hard in the open.  The captain and guide did a fantastic job thinking on their feet and made what could have been a tough situation a lot of fun.  Rain guards were rolled down, ponchos were passed out and jokes were told.  I would highly recommend this tour to anyone visiting Montreal and looking for a good foundation to build your trip on.
