3	Excellent Service and Atmosphere but the food didn't live up to my expectations...  My Filet Mignon was a bit overcooked and the amount of sides we got wasn't enough for everyone in my opinion.   There was about 13 of us and we ordered the $80 a pop set menu.http://www.hardrockhotel.com/uploadedfiles/file446a0937b61ac/AJsSetMenus_051606.pdfToo bad N9NE was all booked up at the Palms...
4	We had a great meal. We started off with the tuna tartar and seafood platter. The tuna mixed with watermelon chunks was refreshing and the crabcakes were delicious! I had the filet mignon which was ok but the special was even better. I am not sure the special was worth $85 but it probably was because of the truffles.  The best part of the meal was the apple pie. The crust was thick, the apples were warm and the ice cream was heaven! I was surprised I liked it so much since there are so many steakhouses here in vegas. If you are at the Hard Rock then I  recommend this restaurant. Just be sure to come with an empty stomach and a fat wallet!:)
4	A steakhouse with a "Rat Pack" feel of 50's and 60's yesteryear's; set back off the casino floor accessible by subtle door.If memory serves me, things are served 'a la cart' and are pricey, but well worth it. My meat was so tender, I barely needed my knife. The service was great and the over all atmosphere was awesome.
3	Steak was ok, I expected more. Waitresses were very friendly and service was great though.
3	Wow, what can I say about this place...Well, I'll agree with what others have commented: It is loud, it is crowded, the tables are close together.  However i did have pretty good service.As far as food is concerned, it was really good.  We went there with a group of 8 guys and we had a great time. So why the three stars? Well, minus one for being very expensive, and minus another star for being VERY VERY EXPENSIVE!! Yeah I know I'm in vegas and you either go big or go home but seriously, if i'm paying $170 for a steak you better have taken a choice cut out of a unicorn and served it to me on a platinum dish...and I had thought the Liger they served at Mix was expensive!!
4	I arrived late and met up with four other friends for dinner here. They had all ordered already so I scanned the menu for my favorite cut of steak and ordered the $40 rib-eye medium rare. Surprise surprise when the orders came out it turns out that my friends all ordered the rib-eye also. My friends know their steak. The perfectly prepared bone-in rib-eye steak was a great meal. Only minus was that they brought potatoes au gratin instead of the creamed spinach that I ordered. The waiter told me that the potatoes were on the house and he would bring out a spinach but never did. The Hard Rock Hotel was a spectacle in itself. I kept thinking to myself "This isn't your fathers Las Vegas". Awesome Casino and dealers but that's another deal than the restaurant. I love a great steak and even with the mishap was prepared to give five stars until I had a steak dinner at believe it or not the Excalibur Steakhouse which kind of put the Hard rock to shame. Still it was five stars so only one taken away. Advice...... Go to the Hard Rock Casino to be mesmerized by the dealers and people. Go to the Excalibur for a superior steak.
3	Follow the maze from the front entrance past the casino floor down the hallway past the Pink Taco Bar (yes that's the name. Pretty crude) even still past the Starbucks and then you find the smaller steakhouse called AJ's. It's got a great 1950s styled interior with an open kitchen and really comfortable chairs. REALLY COMFORTABLE CHAIRS.The low lighting adds a nice ambience, which is necessary after having to walk through the Hard Rock Casino to get there. Let's just say that I won't ever be staying in the Hard Rock Hotel after checking the patrons who frequent the public areas. I hate to generalize, but I saw so many asses hanging out of shorts and guys with no shirts on a tribal tattoos I was loosing my appetite.Back to AJ's. Sorry. The service was great. We had to play phone tag with our reservations due to delays at the convention center, but the staff at AJ's was very flexible and accommodating. The servers... All Handsome Men. All of them. Thank you. I love eye candy before my entree.The appetizers were tiny. 3 small pieces of Ahi Tuna for $14. 3 shrimp. Clearly, three is the magic number for apps.The entrees, however, were of a much more generous helping. And the sides were equally so. We ordered Asparagus, Mushrooms, and the Truffle Mac & Cheese (SO GOOD & RICH). I had the 2.5 lb. Maine Lobster while everyone else at the table had steak. Everything was delicious.Just don't go on a Friday night. As we were leaving, a concert was getting out and there was a complete blockage at the hallway to get out to the main entrance/exit where the valet is located. More of those 21-year old kids running around too drunk and obnoxious. Maybe a Tuesday night would be better? That's a gamble you'll have to decide for yourself...
3	Had a really good meal here, but beware the prices of the specials!Yellowtail sashimi starter was divine - similar to the Nobu version, with jalapenos.  My filet was perfectly cooked.  Lobster mashed potatoes are pretty original and highly delicious.  Husband's pre-cracked king crab legs were good, but maybe a little extra salty.  But not as salty as he was when we got the bill - $80 for the crab legs!  Whoops, we should have asked.  Really, though, after all the martinis we'd had (not very good, by the way), we just giggled and went out to the casino floor.
3	This is a fairly solid steakhouse with Prime cuts of meat that are cooked to order.  I had the Ribeye, medium rare and it was quite good, seasoned and cooked appropriately. I would put the steak overall as "average" in the realm of great steaks in my life.  The sides were quite good. The Lobster mashed potatoes weren't that good...the consistency of the potatoes were a bit more processed than I preferred...the creamed spinich and the sauteed mushrooms are quite good. Service was non-intrusive and fairly fast, the decor and layout kind of sucked for a steakhouse....I am glad I went here and when I'm at the HRH, I'll probably eat here again so I don't have to suffer through Pink Taco or Mr. Lucky's ever again.
5	My husband and I went here the other night.  WOW!  That's all I can say.  I love steak!  Heck, I love food.  But the filet mignon that I had on Saturday night was THE BEST filet mignon that I have ever eaten.Right now they are rolling back their prices to 1999.  Why?  On December 13 or 14th they are closing.  Don't worry AJ lovers, they will be back.  Max, who is a rocking bartender, told us that they are closing for about 3 months to remodel.So, in addition to having a great meal, the price was remarkable.  I ate the 10 oz. filet mignon, a side of green beans, a side of sauteed mushrooms and drank a cosmo and a glass of Syrah.  My husband had a 20 oz. Rib Eye, creamed spinach and a beer.  For dessert we ordered the Creme Brulee and a slice of Cheesecake.  Suffice to say we walked out stuffed beyond belief.  The total for dinner was only $113!  It also turns out that on Saturday nights ladies can eat free.  You have to call ahead and get on a list and ladies only have to pay for their bar tab.  I wasn't on the list so our bill could have been a whole lot less.The food was so good, the ambiance was great, and the price so low that I actually debate driving out the 300 miles to eat there again before the remodel.  ;)
1	Went here with party of 12... food was pretty good but service was bad! Waitress asked us if we wanted waters all around and we said sure. So they kept coming around every 10 minutes refilling our glasses with Fiji water bottles and then tried to charge us something like $140 for the waters!!! We asked them to take the water charge off the $1,000+ bill and the waitress got all freaky and the manager wouldn't budge but like 25% of it and then hurried us out and treated us like we were poor, peon trash because we didn't want to get unjustly ripped off.
