1	High hopes were had.  Poor service was received.  After seeing Fox Chapel Ski and Board on Groupon a few months ago, I thought that $22 for a full tune-up (including stone grind, edge work, base repair, waxing and so on) was a sweet deal.  Little did I know, I wouldn't get much for my $22... that included a poor explanation from the owner as to why they burned the clear PTEX they used to repair my neon green bases and why some parts werent even repaired.    After picking them up and getting that poor explanation, I thought they would at least ride well.  Wrong again.  Took them out for an easy day at 7 Springs and to my amazement, there was no wax on the bases after a few runs.  That leads me to believe two things.  One, they didn't stone grind.  This would have helped them retain the wax they said they would put on.  Two, they did a bad job of waxing.  Pretty basic stuff was overlooked.Turns out I will never go there again.  I wouldn't trust them to fix their mistakes and I won't recommend that anyone take a chance with their services.  (as a note, the people at Willi's @ 7 Springs gave me a free wax.  they are very nice there and know what they are doing)
5	Found this place on a whim driving through. Received wonderful service from all employees, they were very honest, helpful and the prices reasonable. They have organized ski trips, a great selection of skis and boards, and some of the nicest choices in jackets etc........much better then some of the other local shops.
5	After shopping around and a lengthy conversation with the employees there, I bought a set of Armada AR7 skis, that I wasn't sure I would like, being that I usually used traditional skis, but they ended up being a great purchase. With plenty of parking and an added personal touch and a convenient location on Freeport Road, I look forward to gearing up at Fox Chapel Ski & Board again prior to the next season.
5	Great shop. Friendly knowledgeable staff. Did a great tune on my board and the owner even came out to check if I was satisfied which is really rare. Support your local ski/board shop and I'm sure you won't regret. 5 stars all the way.
5	I lived in Denver for 8 years and gave up on east coast shops a few years ago, until I found Fox Chapel Ski and Board. I have been a customer for 4 years and they have never failed me. Recently purchased volkl kendo skis, I was skeptical but they reassured me I would enjoy them. SKI IS UNREAL! Plus friendly people who don't mind that you pick their brain.
5	This is a small family-owned business, and although I've only been here once, the service was friendly and the staff seemed knowledgeable. The father sharpened and waxed my skis for me, and the son helped my girlfriend purchased new ski boots. Compared with the other ski shops I've seen around town, this one seemed more honest and I will definitely return in the future. Prices were on par with other shops, and the service on my skis was completed while we shopped.
