5	I think we can all agree that finding a good place to take your car when you need repairs can be really difficult.  I am happy to announce that I have finally found a place that is not only super convenient to where I live but that doesn't rip me off.  I have come to Carolia Tire & Auto several times now and I always feel like they try their very best to give me the best price possible without any hassles.  The guys that work there are so nice and I can ask them any dumb question I might have.  I'm just being honest I'm not really a car person.  It's nice to know that you can find good honest people still in this world.  Big thanks to Carolina Tire & Auto for helping me out.
5	Just an update this place is still awesome.  Corey the manager is great as well as the rest of the staff .  If your nice they will even let you nap on the couch in the lobby :)
3	I've taken my car here twice for an oil change, and this place is ok.  It's a quick, reasonably priced place to get an oil change.  However, they have promised to check on things and then come back later with lame excuses as to why they didn't find it.  I find this to be annoying.My last trip here I had exactly an hour.  I called beforehand to see if they thought they could get it done in that time.  They told me it should be about 45 minutes tops.  They got me out of there well within that time.  However, when my partner brought his car here, he asked them to check on a tire that was making a lot of noise.  They didn't do it, and when he called to ask them about it, they told him their machine was "broken."  Um, really?  Then why didn't you tell him that while he was there?  Also, they advertise that they inspect the car with the oil change, but I suspect that this step gets skipped sometimes.  A few weeks after my oil change, I had a major issue with my radiator that probably should have been detected by then in their "inspection."If you want a quick oil change, this place is probably all right.  I can't imagine taking my car here for any repairs, though.
1	I was in a while back for an oil change.  I also asked to have my tire check I was having some noise from one of them.  While checking out I noticed nothing on the bill about tire.  When I ask the guy looked confused talked to someone else then said, "yeah we balanced em, all fixed".  I was a bit doubtful, but seeing as I wasn't charged went ahead and left.  Of course there was no change at all to the noise.  I called them when I got home, and got a story about their balancer not being calibrated right.  I would have preferred the truth.
