5	Simply amazing venue! HUGE outdoor park area, incredibly beautiful, long gorgeous paths that snake around a lake and trees and nature and all that great outside stuff. I played the last show of the 2006 Warped Tour here. The only downside of that day was that our bus had to park literally a mile from the stage and it was mostly a gravel path. I had to make six trips total to get all my gear to the stage and back. But it was well worth it, biggest crowd of the tour and one of the most profitable days. There were well over 5,000 kids watching us that day. Hella mega tits!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFeqjgKW5fw
5	Music is cool.  Live bands are fun.  Summer concerts are nice.  Once thing I've learned is life is more fun when you raise the stakes.  If one wants to watch a concert on a tiny island (easily accessible by the Metro) on the Saint Lawrence where the backdrop is the cityscape of Centre-Ville (Downtown Montreal) then this is your spot.  And this spot is legend.  I caught Radiohead here do what they do best in 2003.  It was one of the more majestic experiences of my life.  This experience was nearly marred by a skanky pre-packaged Quebecois ham sandwich which featured some rotten mayo.  Good thing that tragedy didn't kick in until after the concert at the club.  I puked about eight times that night at Stereo.  It was still an outstanding night.I want to go back to Parc Jean-Drapeau._C$
4	This was such a cool find for us on our  vacation to Montreal. I was so impressed with the amount of things to do in this park! We brought our skates and made a few trips around the race track, which was way cool. Who knew you could skate or bike or run on the same course as the Formula 1 cars?  Going back today for the beach, this time riding our bikes to the island across the bridge, and will go back again for La Ronde, and probably once more for the Biosphere. I'm glad our condo is at the foot of the bridge!
4	This is a cool park to checkout. If you're walking, don't bother with Notre Dame, the second island. If you want to sight see, you can probably run through what's worth seeing in a hour. However, on a nice day, you can certainly spend time laying, wadding in the stream, or strolling through the trees. We also saw what looked like a nice pool. Not sure about admission, since we were not looking to go in.
3	Cold... Snow....Ice.....Everywhere is frozen at Parc Jean-Drapeau when I visit.. but this is winter... a Canadian Winter...Slippery walkways... please be prepare and wear the right shoes or just hold on to your love ones and fall together.If you are in winter sports, there are a couple of trails for cross country skiing or snow shoeing. Snow Village also set up inside the park.Or if you are like me that are not good in any winter activities, come back when all these snow melt...
4	Have visited the last 2 years for Heavy MTL....amazing place for a slew of great Metal Bands ...his festival is a must go to at the park. A gathering of 20 or so amazing metal music . There are a ton of  food vendors on site but with the amount of people expect long lines at them. The atmosphere is awesome with a gathering of many differnt types of metal fans. Great place.
4	Ah, Parc Jean Drapeau, the memories...When just dating my hubby, we'd spend an hour everyday after work walking and talking, getting to know each other at this park.The beautiful trails, the vast places to sit and relax and all the events that occur there it's just a great Montreal landmark and for good reason.When you want to have a nice day outdoors and not leave the island just head out there and enjoy.
4	Had a great time here for F1!The grounds are great, and it's really easy to get to by Metro or Bixi (in the Summer).While I spent most of my time at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve watching cars go really really (really!) fast, walking around the park was nice, and I will definitely be back.
4	Not only is this park pretty awesome but they also have the F1 race over here.  It's a pretty large park with lots to do but honestly I've been here mostly for F1!!!I don't think there's anything more cooler than walking the track after the race.  Someday I'll have to enjoy the rest of the park but when wandering the park for F1 it's massive and there's all kinds of things around it.
4	I can't help but describe this as the Canadian twin to New York's own Flushing Meadows - Corona Park. and I mean that in a good way!both were developed for a World's Fair (Expo 67, just 3 years after NYC's), are a short walk from a subway line, are fairly well-maintained, and host to all sorts of events and activities that go above and beyond their original purpose.are you a history buff? go to the Stewart Museum.want to burn some calories off your fat ass after eating too much poutine? go swimming, hiking, biking, and more.like environmental sciences? visit the Biosphere.music fan? see a concert here. in fact, they were setting up for the Heavy MTL festival when we walked past (kinda wish I had gotten tickets but they were sold out by then) the outdoor concert field. Iron Maiden and Metallica have both played here -FUC yeah!into amusement parks? La Ronde (owned by Six Flags) is right there.this is a great park with something for everyone and kinda makes you forget you are in the hustle and bustle of a city!
4	The more and more I visit this park, the more and more I enjoy it. I've been here quite a bit just to use the pool. Recently this summer I biked from Verdun to PJD (Parc Jean-Drapeau), and it was quite a nice ride. I also participated in the Light the Night Walk a couple weekends ago, and it was a really nice walk. There is so much to discover in this park, I look forward to exploring PJD some more.
4	I came here for the Grand Prix and had a fantastic time.  Another off season joy is that PJD is a wonderful place to come on the weekend when you want some solace and a quiet place to relax (just make sure no racing is scheduled).  It's very accessible from the metro and easy to get in and out.
3	The park itself is really nice has a great vibe. If you're trying to get to the beach, the signs don't point your way. If you know you're heading to Notre Dame island, then you've got a leg up, since there are no specific directions how to get to the beach, only the island.If you're staying in the parc, then everything is fine. But not so much if you want to go somewhere specific
4	Lovely, scenic park that transformed nicely into a music festival venue. It was great to be out in nature, among dense trees and water, listening to musicians play their hearts out. Great, sprawling space.
5	Oh yes, this place brings back memories. Parc Jean-Drapeau is located on a beautiful little island on the St Lawrence River. You can get here using the metro or over the bridge. The thing I like most about Parc Jean-Drapeau is that it's one of the best running routes I've ever went on (and I've been to a few). The run there and back (to the city) is around a good 15km, but you get to see the beautiful river, the park, and all the industrial stuff on the south side too. I've been on this run several dozen times and I have just touched the surface of its beauty. Right next to the park is a race track. I haven't been there for any racing events, but I heard it get pretty crazy when there's a race. This is also where they host PikNik Electronic (during the summer). Never been there myself, but I heard it's pretty rad.
5	This gorgeous park is beautifully landscaped. I was visiting for F1 but found myself wandering through the park enjoying the shade and the fountains and the flowers! Several very romantic spots to hideaway and have a picnic. From the signs it also seems like there is a significant boat rental area as well. I think I need to come back during a non-race weekend!
