2	So apparently hubby doesn't know the packing rule and needed to buy a few things. I checked out the closest Old Navy and this was it. When we walked in, it looked like it was the afternoon of Black Friday. There was stuff strewn everywhere. Sweaters were just thrown in their spots, things were hanging in incorrect spots. Luckily, the trip wasn't for me. It was for him. We got him what he needed, and we were out!
5	I walked in on late Halloween morning on a mission.  I needed to find something for my 8 week old baby to wear.  Halloween costumes for newborns aren't exactly easy.  Granted my son is a chunker and could fit into 3-6 month clothes but I didn't want him uncomfortable and overheated in some stuffed polyester get-up.  I wanted something simple and cute. As I perused the baby section, I noticed a pair of cute orange, black and white striped pants.  Perfect.  They were $6.50.  I then saw an orange top but it was really more orange than I was hoping for.  Oh well.  Beggars can't be choosers when you're on a time crunch. I picked it up.  It had a $8.50 price tag.  I go to the front of the store and notice they have a clearance rack with Halloween stuff and it's an additional 50% off the lowest marked price.  SCORE!!  I find a cute white onsie which was perfect for what I needed. I picked it up and put down the overly orange one.  It was marked at $5. I then noticed that they had adult sized shirts too and they were marked 97 cents.  I decided to pick a couple up since they would be great to wear at home.  The baby's just going to spit up on it anyway, right? I get to the counter and the little striped pants come out to be $1.47, the adult t-shirts are 49 cents and the onsie rang up at $5.  I mentioned to the checkout associate that the onsie was on the clearance rack and she knocked that down to $1.47 too!  How's that for customer service? In the end, I dressed my son in a cute Halloween outfit for $3! Can't beat that!
3	This location of Old Navy is smaller than I first expected. The customer service was poor and the selection for my particular size is nearly impossible to find. They also have little knowledege on current sales that have been on facebook and other online resources. I feel that they need to be better stocked and more in tune with the customers. There were several staff members visiting amongst themselves and disputing the latest drama before noticing that my friend and I were ready to check out. I was very annoyed that the same pregnant woman that works their has terrible customer service and acts as if she doesn't have to run the register because of her condition, as if it were someone else's job.
3	I come to look at clearance since I've always known them to have some cheap markdowns and it's pretty good basics like cardigans.Nothing much perked my interest much in the  regular items and didn't find bathing suits like I hoped. I looked at the prices in the clearance and weren't really marked down like it usually is. The staff seems nice and in general it's fairly neat.No luck the past two times. It gets only a A-OK rating for me since I didn't find what I was looking for.
5	I LOVE this place! In general I love Old Navy, this one more than the one at town center. I went last week and they had 50% off clearance!! So I got like hella hella clothes for nothing! Plus I used a Facebook coupon and saved an additional 20%!! I almost creamed myself!The store itself is newer and nicer, the staff are SUPER awesome and helped me; unlike the one at town center were they just sat there staring at me like I was gonna try and steal a cardi or a performance fleece. Beeshes! Anyway, the clearance area is messy as eff but its because of the scavengers (like myself) who go look for the sales! Although I picked clothes up off the floor I dropped. The boys (5t and up) is lame, they have like nothing. If I popped a little girl out itd be on, alas I didnt. But they shirts and polos I did get for my son were AWESOME! And hecka cheap ta boot! My checker was totally rad and joked with me and when I returned to return 2 items the checker was sweet and even gave me another discount!! Go there and buy!!P.S. I'm a fatty with big boobies and I wear a XXL and theyre clothes ALWAYS fit like a nice glove!!
4	This Old Navy by far exceeded my expectations. They had everything laid out and it was a pretty neat store considering a hard-core sale was on. I had a groupon which I wanted to use, so I found a couple things and then headed to check out. I showed the salelady my groupon, and she tried entering it in, and it wouldn't go through. She tried 4 or 5 times with no success. Then she voided the sale and tried it ALL again. And it worked. I forgot her name, but she was super nice at making sure she could use my groupon. Thanks Old Navy!
4	i was never really an old navy fan every time we have gone i feel like all the womens stuff is a lot nicer then the guys. but recently i have been buying my work shirts here and for $6 you cant go wrong and they last a while too i would say about every 6 months i get  new one but i also wash it every single day. once again its like $6 so im very pleased. i have really become a fan of old navy.
1	Old Navy used to have quality merchandise.  No longer.  For example, if you are looking for all cotton Tiny Tees which used to be an Old Navy staple and which we purchased dozens of in the past, you will find that they no longer carry them.  They've replaced them with a poor quality synthetic that is so thin you're liable to be arrested for wearing them.  (Even in Las Vegas.  :)  The race to the bottom in terms of quality is sad.  This particular store is very depressing.  It always looks like war-torn Bosnia with items thrown here and there.  It is almost impossible to find your size.  We shopped on a Wednesday and might as well have been at a flea market.  The ambiance is post-garage sale.  We left without buying anything and swore never to go back.
4	Is this really the Best in the West? Yes, sir. It is probably the nicest Old Navy in Vegas. I have recently fallen into a tank top type of mood. The heat must be working a number on me because I am beginning to wear as little as possible. Thank goodness Old Navy complies and does it with simple yet bold essentials. I am not the biggest fan of their button downs, but tanks and shorts are a staple from them. The store itself is spacious and well stocked. While I was shopping, there was a large group of teenagers walking around the same area. With my injured sister, we were still able to maneuver around them and not be pushed into the racks. I am not too impressed with ON's clearance. In fact, I find that they tend to be on par with the price I would pay at the GAP. I would much rather go to the latter if that is the case. Once in a while, Old Navy tends to have decent sales.
5	I just love this ON location!The staff are always friendly and answer any question you have.My fav is the clearance section. Really who doesn't love ON's Clearance section?!?!I really appreciate the quality of the clothes. I feel so happy when I leave with so many new goodies for so cheap!They now carry 3XXX as well "tall" sizes which means I can shop for my man on his birthday and Christmas on the cheap.I highly recommend the men's polo shirts especially if you work in a business/casual environment. They have all kinds of colors.Also, if you are a regular like me and know your ON sizes ordering online is a blast! They often offer free shipping on orders over a certain amount and if you do order something online and don't like it for whatever reason when it arrives to your home you can always take it to any ON store and they will exchange it for you no questions.Happy shopping!!
3	Old Navy clearance is where it's at. If I purchase from Old Navy, I almost only purchase online but once in a while I like to peruse the clearance racks for deals.This is not my favorite Old Navy in town since they added the one at Town Square. Their clearance rack isn't as extensive, but they don't tend to be too crowded, which I enjoy. I haven't found a whole lot of items at this location the last few times I've gone, but I don't mind stopping by if I happen to be in the area.
3	Unless you have been living under a rock, everyone has been to an Old Navy at some point in your life. There's always amazing deals like $20 jean sales, $5 t-shirts, but what makes this particular location better than the rest? Writing this review, I found myself asking this question and it is definitely a tough one to answer.The Best of the West shopping center Old Navy has been around since I was in middle school. They recently moved to a slightly larger space but somehow this store always seems to be cluttered and unorganized. I used to think those adjectives were synonymous with Old Navy, but at other locations it does not seem so extreme. The staff at this location is not exceptionally helpful. Although I find it irritating when people constantly hound me about sales, it's nice to get the occasional "hello" or "can I help you with anything?" The only time a sales associate spoke to me was at checkout.Overall, I gave this store 3 stars because despite the shortcomings, I will still go back for more.. but compared to other Old Navys, I've seen better.
4	Old Navy is a good store.  The clothes are well made and stylish and quite reasonably priced, considering they are owned by the same company that owns GAP and Banana Republic. And let me tell you, their Sweetheart Jeans are the best out there.  They are the only ones I buy and wear these days!This location is always stocked and has a good selection of all of their products, as well as sizes from super skinny to pleasant plump.  The have sections for men, women, teens, kids, and even babies, so it truly is a store for everyone in the family.  The store itself is huge, so you don't ever feel cramped, except during the back to school rush, then you had better watch out!  The staff here is always friendly and almost chipper I would say.  No grouchies here!  It is actually nice because so many chain stores seem to be staffed by not very nice young people, but not Old Navy!  ON is home to the happiest people anywhere I think!If you want some nice clothes for lounging around or even business casual, come check out this store because your wallet will thank you for it!
4	Nice, fashionable clothing at affordable pricing just like any other Old Navy/Gap store. This store appears to be larger and better maintained than others I've been to. The employees are very friendly and helpful and there are always many of them around the store so it isn't hard to flag someone down if you need help. The cashiers at the front are quick and efficient, but expect a line if there's a good sale going on. This was the case the last time I was here.
4	The best place for quick, easy and affordable shopping. I really appreciate the staff and there cheerful attitudes and helpful information. I also love all the cheap little goodies they entice you with, while you wait in line. I'm glad I do not have kids, or I'd probably hate them for putting these irresistible little bits of useless trinkets and prizes out there. I use them for summer flip flops, Fourth of July t shirts and beach/camping water toys. I also wind up getting pajamas for myself and as gifts. They're great.
4	Good store. Took my wife shopping here and she seemed pleased with the deals and selection offered. The store was clean as well and the staff was friendly enough.
3	Eh. I'm not a die hard fan of this place or anything. I usually drop by when I need to grab a couple things last minute. This time, I have a trip to Boston planned and I wasn't going to have time to go to the major malls before it was time to leave for vacation.It's located right around the corner from our salon so I ran over and grabbed a couple things. It wasn't really busy this time around, but there have been times where I have walked in and it was a madhouse! The prices are right and quality of the clothing is fairly good. The styles, at least for the men, are pretty nice. It's located conveniently in the Best of the West shopping center. Service is so-so and the ladies at the checkout aren't very enthusiastic or friendly; they're just bleh.I really don't have any major complaints with the place, but I also don't find anything to give them praise for.
4	Old Navy is great for affordable basics.  I'm a fan of their jeans and athletic clothing and you can't beat their flip flop sales.  For such a busy store customer service is good.  The dressing room staff is quick to get sizes for you if needed and the cashiers are always friendly.  Only complaint is much like Kohl's they force you to use your card to take advantage of some of the deals but I do like the convenience of returning on-line purchases to the store.
3	It's a sale weekend, and the store was a little on the disorganized side. For as much promotion as they were doing for their clearance sales, they didn't have much selection and what they did have was very unorganized.I don't like the new floor layouts that they use for most locations (and here), with the smaller entry way and the registers in the front middle. It's just very awkward and clunky, and I dislike it more and more.Selection even for non-clearance material was dismal- ON used to be very well-made, whether simple basics or more on-trend pieces, but lately quality seems lacking. Here, the majority of their pants were boot-cut and those that weren't were faded wash, which is almost rare to see. Jean prices for this brand keep going up to a near-$35 average but quality is super low- tried on a few different styles, and fit was not flattering, sizes were inconsistent across styles, and denim was lower quality than they used to stock and had little to not stretch to them.I primarily came for dresses, after getting several emails advertising their new lines for the spring/summer, only to find the bare minimum in stock in store and most store selection (for both dresses and clearance) were either in XS/S or XL, sizes 0 and 2 OR sizes 16, 18, and 20. Guess Vegas has a lot of mediums, or they just don't bother to order/stock the most popular sizes.Frustrating shopping experience. Spent about $30 on a handful of shirts and some flip flops, was willing to spend a lot more to really stock my summer wardrobe but there was nothing worth getting. If this is what all of the Old Navy stores are like in this city, no wonder they're so few and far between.Extra star for friendly staff. The ladies in charge of the fitting rooms were polite and quick, and the guy I got at checkout was friendly and asked about my day, keeping up chatter during the payment process. The line was quite slow considering there were 4 cashiers though.
3	Standing in a line a mile long at this place right now. This is my first and probably last visit. Granted, it's a sale weekend, but this place is such a mess it's impossible to shop. Everything is a complete disorganized mess. They do have five women on the register but they need more employees to keep the place neat. I was literally picking clothes up off the ground to find the right sizes for my baby son.
2	The sale prices are excellent. However, the shopping experience was less than stellar. Store was unkempt; I get that it's a high volume sales week but no effort to pick up clothes on the floor and products left unstocked and disheveled. Employees looked annoyed with a permanent grimace. I felt like I was part of their misery & was being herded out with cattle. I work in the restaurant industry so I know the feeling but don't project on the guests. It may be the usual corporate mandate to choke labor so I will go easy on these folks.
