5	My boyfriend bought me two classes at Gaynor's School of Cooking for my birthday and we had so much fun taking them together!  We took a Taste of Moroccan and Taste of Greece class.  The classes are hands on: you actually cook all of the items.  This, for me, is the best way to learn and I feel that I did learn a lot at Gaynor's, including new recipes and new techniques.  I also really had a lot of fun, mingling with the other students and the instructor and eating delicious food.  I highly recommend this school and feel that it's the perfect gift!
4	Previously been to cooking classes in the States, Provence and Florence; none really serious but rather to get a sense of the region's foods and dishes.  Here at Gaynor's they hit the spot.  Each class will involve 5-7 courses, a great deal for the food and instruction.  Most recipes are from scratch, the instructors are wonderful and they can handle all levels of expertise in the same class.  I've taken some Fine Cooking series, regional classes, and specific classes and they all were great.Perhaps what kept them from a 5th Star is the fact that one does not participate in every phase of every dish though that is a logistic impossibility.  The 4 hour duration of each class is perfect and you won't find a better value/quality combination anywhere on this planet.  At least from the locations I've taken classes!
5	I highly recommend Gaynor's School of Cooking. I've been taking classes at Gaynor's for over two years now. I've taken almost all of the international classes (Thai, Moroccan, Greek, Mexican, Spanish, Italian, and Brazilian), the nutritional cooking series, bread baking 1, and the "fabulous fishes" class. I have also taken Fine Cooking I and II, and recently started Fine Cooking III. These classes are both educational and fun, and a great way to learn about and enjoy food. I never thought I'd be able to make Pad Thai at home, but thanks to Gaynor's Foods of Thailand class I can! Gaynor's culinary knowledge is very diverse and her menus are creative. Andrew Alvarez is also a chef at Gaynor's who is excellent at teaching these classes. My favorite part is the sit down meal at the end of each class where everyone enjoys the fruits of their labor together, knowing exactly how the dishes were prepared. You will learn learn a lot, enjoy some fantastic food, and meet some great people.
5	I've always been more of a baker than a cook, so I only knew how to cook a few things, and I ate those few things A LOT, over and over and over. I am currently taking The Art of Fine Cooking Series III, and since having started the classes at Gaynor's, not only have a VASTLY expanded my repertoire, but I no longer buy prepared meals and my consumption of processed foods has dropped drastically. My confidence has skyrocketed and I feel I can take on new recipes with eagerness instead of reluctance. Also, I live by myself, and most cookbooks are made for feeding families or dinner guests. Gaynor's recipes and techniques are easily applied to cooking for one or two.The classes at Gaynor's School are casual, friendly, and fun. I always have a good time while learning some valuable skills. Gaynor herself is a complete delight, and the other instructors are just as great and make the classes even more enjoyable. Any of the classes at Gaynor's are a learning experience from which you will benefit for the rest of your life, as well as a great social outlet and a great chance to have an amazing meal with some wine amongst new friends. I honestly can't recommend it enough, and I, myself, plan on taking as many classes there as I can.
1	My experience at Gaynor's was awful at best.My husband and I signed up for a Mediterranean cooking class and we were really excited for it.  We walk in and 30 people are just standing there staring at us.  No one greets you, no one tells you were to go, what to do or what to expect.  So we just waited around like everyone else.When the "teacher" finally made herself known, the first command was to split into groups.  Because everyone knows that 30 strangers want nothing more than to have find people to team up with.  Awkward!  Once that was accomplished, recipe packets were handed out.  And that's it.  Go!  No instructions.  No demonstrations.  A few "bowls are over there", "flour is over here" type directional, but we were on our own. This was NOT a class.  This was cooking chaos in Hell's Kitchen.  People are running all over, you can't find anything and when you do find the dang salt you were looking for for 10 minutes, someone else just snagged it.  It was disorganized, the instructor was obviously annoyed when asked for help, and I also could not believe we were never asked of any food allergies.    I will never waste my money here again and I certainly would not recommend this place to anyone.  It was a waste of time and money.
4	We had an a great afternoon at Gaynor's yesterday!!We booked a private class for my extended family to learn how to make Slovak dishes.  Gaynor was great with communication, was very flexible and acknowledged they've never hosted a class for Slovak cuisine (I appreciated the honesty!), but didn't shy away from the challenge!  We exchanged emails and telephone calls for about 4 weeks to make the arrangements and select the menu, which was pierogies, Segedin Goulash (kind like a pork stew), steamed dumplings, bread pudding, and a nut roll.  Andy Alvarez was our host and was very laid back.  I admit, the style of the "class" was a little different from what I expected, as we split into groups and kind of just figured it out for ourselves.  This was not a problem because we had several experienced cooks and the dishes themselves were pretty simple.Andy did float between our groups and was available for guidance, but I can see how it wouldn't be as enjoyable if it was a room full of strangers or for a complicated technique or complex cuisine. Overall, we had a great time.  My family members (some of whom drove almost 5 hours to participate) are already asking to book another class.  We will probably try to have a big group of friends or family again and will definitely ask for Andy to be our host!
