3	Several of the waitresses must have been imported from a local trailer park.  I keep expecting to hear someone shout, "Kiss my grits!"  The barbecue is actually pretty darn good!!
3	I can't count how many times I had driven by Greg's, looking at the neon-on-black sign, thinking that it was a fish camp or something.  One day, I actually read it, and realized that it was a barbecue place.  It doesn't really look like one, you know?  So when we happened to be in the area, we stopped.  The inside doesn't look much like a barbecue place either.An older gentleman - who I'd assume is Greg himself - pumps your hand when you enter.  Friendly.  Not many places do that these days (I'm assuming that maybe they did at one point).  The staff overall is very friendly.  The selection is wide - mostly country cooking with a dash of Greek, which you can find at a number of places around town.The stylings of the restaurant, well, aren't.  It's pretty bare.  But I don't have a problem with a place if they save their efforts for the food, and Greg's does a decent job.  A nice plate of food was delivered quickly, and the plate of barbecue with two sides came out in no time.  In an interesting quirk, this has got to be the only barbecue joint in the entire state - perhaps anywhere - that does not serve mac and cheese.  Consider yourself warned.As with many other places, the sides aren't the best.  In fact, I'd probably prefer more of the meat.  Veggies, while plentiful, weren't ideal.  Not bad, just not great.  A big glop of cheese on the broccoli was just too heavy for me.  The fried squash was good, but not outstanding.  The barbecue was tasty - and there was a lot of it.  Perhaps most interesting is that Greg (or whoever he was) apparently makes his sauces himself, and the homemade hot sauce was one of my favorites sauces ever.  Very nice bite to it on his sandwich.  I think we'll be back.Make sure you arrive early - this place gets packed.  This reminds me that it's one of the only places I've seen recently with a line.  There were literally half a dozen people waiting for seats, and it was perhaps 6:30 when we left.  I can't imagine what it was going to be like later.
3	We stopped by for another try at Greg's on Friday, and the place was again packed.  So packed, in fact, that we couldn't find a place to park in their smallish lot.  When we finally did, we had to stand in line to get a place to sit.  We eventually gave up, when after about fifteen minutes the line wasn't moving.  Not to say that it wouldn't, but since they don't have a queue of any sort, or even a pad to write names on, we just didn't feel like waiting.  Get there early (or late, perhaps).  Prime time means a line.
3	Stopped in for breakfast, nice sized portions for the price, but it is average diner food at best.  Everyone seems to know everybody and the locals must really like it because it was busy, but it was overwhelmingly average.
3	Let me start off by saying they failed my french fry barometer test. Very sad. You know this makes me mad, good thing I'm not the Incredible Hulk or  I would be flippin' tables and takin' names.I was with my parents so we pigged out (pun, not intended) . Everything was lukewarm,  fried squash, broccoli casserole, french fries, baked beans and my bbq sandwich. It was fine and our server was very charming.  Sweet tea was average.  I wouldn't write it off, but I would't make a special trip to return.
3	I like Greg's! The chicken and dumplings were pretty good. Loved the fried squash. Blue cheese salad dressing was fair - need a little more zing. Next time I am going to try the barbeque!
3	Greg's is definitely an old-school meat & veggies family-owned place, not just a BBQ joint. They definitely serve a lot of fried foods, a lot of southern foods, and Italian foods with a Greek spin.  It is similar to places like Gus's Sir Beef.  Growing up in Charlotte (from the mid 70's to early 80's) it seemed that all the restuarants were owned by Greek families (including lots of old-school  diners like Athens, drive--ins like the BBQ King, Italian restaurants like The Open Kitchen and Valentinos, Pizza joints like the Gondola, fancy restaurants like the Epicurean, family restaurants like the original Mr C's, The Ole Smokehouse, and The Clock, as well as many others).  Greg's definitely reminds me of all those good Greek-owned places my parents took me when I was growing up. When we arrived, we hit the timing jackpot and did not have to wait for a table. Before we had even placed our orders, we were served a starter (on the house) of fried squash.  It was fresh and not too greasy.  Since I don't eat pork BBQ, I went with chicken. The food was good, but not outstanding...but at this price point, it is definitely in the good value range.The best part really was the service.  Every employee as well as the owner made us feel like we were really welcomed and appreciated.  We'll definitely be going back when we are in the mood for some old-school-Charlotte-style Greek-Southern cooking.
1	Food is cheap. Went to visit with a deal saver coupon refused to accept.  Even at the cash value.  Told me I should call the owner if I didn't like it.  Not worth your time if you see a deal from these people skip it.
2	This place is so forgettable, it's almost funny. My boyfriend (now fiance) and I probably ate here in 2011. The only thing I can remember eating were onion rings. Those were actually really good and had good flavor.But when we walked in, we honestly didn't feel welcome. There's a church literally right across the street from this place. Apparently all the old folk only eat here, and to see two young adults was baffling. Maybe one even shook their head, who knows. Even the employees seemed baffled and we almost walked out.The lady that helped us was pretty friendly, but it was still the same thing. I've brought this place up over and over again with my fiance, but he insists on not going back. I think he felt so uncomfortable being there. What a shame because I'd like to at least try this place out again.
