4	My friend gave me a coupon for half off a massage at Folicle a while ago, and I used it immediately. I LOVE massages. The massage therapist there (I believe his name was Chris) was wonderful and made me feel very comfortable. The whole salon, housed in an old East Boulevard house, was very cute and well-decorated. The massage room was upstairs in the house, which helped you feel separated from the busy atmosphere of the salon.
4	I happened to drive by and saw the gigantic sign on front advertising half price Mondays and Wednesdays with their junior stylists. I booked an appointment immediately, I was in dire need of a haircut!  Courtney was wonderful.  She was very friendly and did a wonderful job with my hair, one of the better haircuts i've had in Charlotte.  She had one of the main stylists watching over her to make sure everything went well and giving her instructions on how to do certain techniques, but she did most of it on her own.  It was such a great cut that I booked another appointment immediately for a cut and color.  you can't beat a cut and color at a nice upscale salon for $54!  Everyone has raved about how cute my new haircut looks!
4	Over lunch with a friend I noticed he had an exceptionally good haircut and when asked he said he used Ken at Foicle. By this time I was ready to give up my farmer haircut and try for a big city well groomed look again so I gave it a try. The place is tastefully set up and a man won't feel out of place here. They do all the normal butt kissing of an upscale salon (wine, water, chocolate, etc.) plus there is on street or private lot parking. You will get compliments on your haircut even if the rest of you does not.Updated 9/2012 Sad to report that Ken passed away earlier this year, but Folicle is still my hair cutter of choice and Angie does a great job.
4	I went to Folicle Salon and had an awesome experience. They're conveniently located right off East Blvd near the South Blvd intersection with parking in the back or along the street. I went for color and a cut and I found a coupon on 360 Charlotte for 20% off your first visit. My hairdresser that day, Casey (sp?), did a terrific job with getting my highlights and lowlights in touch and layered my hair just the way I like. They have a cute sitting area on the back deck where you can lounge with a gossip mag and some of their citrus water or you can hang out inside. I would go back again but after the 20% coupon my total came to $165 --ay chihuahua! I was confused for a bit because we are not in NYC or Chicago and really can't justify spending that much on my locks after using a coupon. So until I find a sugar daddy or get a major raise, I won't be going back here and the price was honestly my only gripe about this place. If it is within your budget, definitely stop by this place!
5	Had my hair cut by Angie and love it! She managed to tame my wild half curly hair and cut way down on my style time. She also fixed my DIY dye job and made it a lovely and shiny auburn. She is sweet, patient and super talented!
3	I have conflicting feelings about this salon.  I went four times, each time to the same stylist.  During my first visit, I just had a trim; my second visit, I had about eight inches cut off.  Since it had been less than a month between these visits, and because there was such a drastic change, my stylist comped the second cut.  Awesome!Unfortunately, my visits went downhill from there.  I'm a bit a picky with my bangs.  Due to a rather prominent scar on my forehead, I like to wear my bangs swept to the side to hide it.  I told my stylist this all four visits, but it was like she didn't hear me.  She wouldn't touch my bangs until I would remind her, and even then she would either style my hair so it looked like I didn't have bangs, or she would cut these straight, wispy bangs that were way too short.  The final straw came when I left the salon with pieces of my bangs sticking a good 45 degrees from my head.  And I had to go back to work looking like that.  If this was some chain salon I'd chalk it up to I get what I paid for, but this was a $50 haircut.  It's a shame because the rest of my hair looked great.  I guess the bottom line is, if you have bangs, go at your own risk.
5	I visited Edward for a color and cut and he did a fantastic job!!  Very talented.  I love the calm feeling of the salon.  While somewhat pricey, they are worth it.
1	I purchased a Groupon for this salon, based on the positive Yelp reviews.  The stylist I had seemed very apprehensive and inexperienced. It almost felt as if it was the first time he was cutting hair professionally (shakey and slow). Here's the kicker, I go to pay and asked what the original cost was (because I always tip on the original amount of the service) and the receptionist tells me its $35. The groupon I purchased was $30 (supposed to be a $70 value). I was shocked. I saved a total of $5 by purchasing the groupon. Bottom line, they clearly reserve their higher level stylists for non-groupon clients. The whole point of the groupon is to try out a new salon and hopefully become a regular client. I suggest the folks at Folicle remember that moving forward.
5	Edward Woody knows cut and color.  I recently switched to Edward and the subtle  changes he made to my blonde hair is amazing. My new color is much more flattering for my skin tone and with Edward's precision cut, I never have a bad hair day.  The salon staff is warm and professional.  If you are looking for a new salon, this is the place for you!
5	I love Folicle. I have crazy big hair with a lot of frizz and curl in it. I had been to many salons in Charlotte and finally found Edward Woody at Folicle. He is an amazing, kind and gifted hairdresser. He will not try to sell you stuff that doesn't work for your hair type. Edward is the bestest!PS. They are not inexpensive but way reasonable and worth it for the quality of products and service they offer.
4	I found out about this little gem through a friend's facebook post and am glad that I did. I've got hair for days, so anyone that accepts the challenge to tame the beast, more power to them. Upon arriving at the salon, I was greeted by my friend, who also happens to be the salon manager. From there she took me back to meet my stylist Caroline. Let me start with the decor of the salon, which is absolutely gorgeous. Nestled in the bottom floor of a convert house off of East Blvd., there was natural light streaming through, an open floor plan and the coolest chair and station set up that I've seen in a while. After my consult at Caroline's station, were we decided on the plan of attack, we headed back to the color bar. A nifty idea giving the customers the chance for a change of scenery. While my hair was sipping up color at the bar, I started to sip on some wine at the bar. Sure wine at most salons now a days is a common commodity. It was the teamwork and friendly service from everyone at the salon that won me over. Anytime I needed something, someone had already asked, or better yet brought it to me. Another cool thing about this salon, is the vibe. Anytime I think of an upscale salon, I associate the upscale attitudes that come along right with it, but not here. That in and of itself was a huge relief for me. Now, for the actual services rendered. It was awesome! I spend some quality time with Caroline since the look we wanted to achieve was a natural, beach kissed ombre color paired with tons of long layers. By the end of it all I walked out of the salon with fabulous new style thanks to the team at Folicle Salon. Outside of the services that I received, they have you covered. An esthetician upstairs, masseuse on call, waxing, and makeup consultations available. The only reason I couldn't give 5 stars, is due to the price. You'll certainly drop some change in this location, not to say the quality of products and service aren't worth it, I just have a hard time spending money like that on myself is all. Final warning for newbies: there is chocolate strategically placed at every corner.  :)
2	I went here to get a Brazilian wax done, my first time doing this. I found their business through Groupon and thought I would give it a try. The ladies were very nice and the place was very clean. My esthetician's name was Mary Claire. She was a very sweet girl and tried to make me as comfortable as possible (as comfortable you can get with a stranger looking at your vagina). My thoughts were that I would go here, have to endure some pain for a beautiful result, but that's not what happened. After going through the expected pain one has when waxing a sensitive area like that the final results of my wax was very disappointing. It wasn't until after she claimed she was done that she told me that a lot of my hairs were too short to wax. I feel like as a professional, someone who does this on a regular basis would see that and then tell me I would be better to reschedule after a week or so to get a better result. When I looked at my lady area it looked like I had the mange. For those of you who don't know what that is, it's a skin condition that causes patches of hair to fall from your pets body..... not pleasant. Even though I used a Groupon for this service I still had high hopes for a better experience. I ended up just buying a fresh Venus razor and shaving it myself, which looked a million times better than my so called Brazilian wax.
5	I found this place because I was looking for a specific product one day and they just happened to carry it.  While I was looking around I asked the receptionist about their cutting services and who does excellent precision men's cuts.  She suggested Angie or Caroline.  I took their cards and waited a few weeks before making a decision to try someone new.  My previous stylist was not consistent with her cuts--sometimes I'd get a great one, other times it would be just okay or I wouldn't be very happy at all.  I bit the bullet yesterday and made an appointment with Caroline.  Let me say that I am SO happy that I decided to try her out.  She was very thorough with her cut and explanation of how I could achieve the look I was going for.  She did not use clippers and was not "scissor happy" like some stylists.  She did not push products on me, but rather I inquired about what would be best for the style that I wanted.  Caroline's price for a men's cut is $35 which isn't bad for an upscale salon.  You get all of the great treatments... scalp massage, wine or beer, the works really.  She also said that I could come in for routine neck trims and touch ups at no charge.  I am happy to recommend Folicle and specifically Caroline for any men looking for a new style.
4	This was my mom's second time at the salon, first time with me.  She was able to make a same day appointment with Caroline.  It's been really hot in Charlotte and  the feel of sweat drenched hair on her neck has been making her very cranky during our walks and play dates.  Caroline gave her a great summer cut.  It's easy to care for but can also be styled to look fancy, for example when she goes to a conference next week....leaving me for five nights.  : ( The salon staff was VERY understanding about my coming along.  Since I'm only 6 months old, I'm still learning how to behave in public places.  I think I did a pretty good job -- not including the incident of me dragging a chair across the room with my leash.  (And, till my dying day, I will swear that was water on the floor from a cup I spilled, not pee!  I haven't had an accident since I was 14-weeks old and am very proud of my record!!)The $45 price tag was great for us.  It left money in mama's pocket for bagel treats from Einsteins.
5	This is the best salon in Charlotte! The staff is wonderful and always knows you and the stylist are excellent. I see Jill and my color is amazing. She is not only talented and knows what she is doing but most importantly she is consistent. Every time I leave the salon I'm always happy!!! I also am a huge fan of the Moroccan Oil line of hair products. They carry the entire line and also use the products in the salon.
5	My stylist moved to a different part of the city and I was unable to follow him.I checked this place out and was paired up with Jordan. She knows lots of different styles and methods so I had no worries about going to see her. She does a great job and she knows her stuff.I expect to pay for a great hair cut and this place is worth it.
