5	This maybe the best eye care services I have ever gotten. Run by Brian and Angela (Dr. Marquez) in a very modern clinic. Before the exam, Brian went over all the options I had as in pricing and options. Angela does all the exams and is very very through when you have any questions at all. Even helped me pick out my classes (within the price range and within my style). Ended up with a pair of transition lens, cool frame, and eye exam with dilation all under $150! Highly highly recommend this place!
5	I just want to say that I had the VERY best experience at the Oculist today! Not only did I get an amazing pair of glasses (the selection is outstanding!), but I also had the wonderful pleasure of getting to spend time getting to know the owners, Angela and Brian. They were so very helpful from start to finish. I'm really delighted that this shop is in the neighborhood; it's truly a fantastic place- a little jewel of an independent local place to get a thorough eye exam, to browse extremely stylish eyeglasses, and to spend time with two very knowledgable, friendly, and interesting people. This is going to be...already is... my go to place in Central Phoenix for my eye care and glasses! What a fantastic find! Please do yourself a favor, and go check them out!!!
5	Exceptional is a descriptor that is truly warranted and results that are definitely delivered.  I was forced to find a new doctor because of an insurance change and The Oculist met my search needs based on that change, distance from my house, Saturday hours, high Yelp ratings and I was thrilled to find it to be independent (gotta love that!)   First to mention is how super clean and modern the space is and they really get it, less is more.... much much more! It's unlike any other eye glass center I've trusted my vision and vision-ware to. I received a warm and welcoming reception from Brian who was very personable and attentive. We even struck up small talk as I was filling out my initial paper work. We talked about many things from neighborhoods, to food, to bikes. I loved hearing that they also live in the neighborhood and stay committed to the five mile bubble as I do.  Dr Marquez was  just as sweet and a true professional. I felt immediately comfortable with her and could tell she really loves what she does, impressed by her expertise and attention to detail. Honestly, the best eye exam I've ever had...quite the eye opener beyond the obvious.Both Dr. Marquez and Brian worked as a team to help me decide on the perfect frame. They have various price points which I can see being attractive to someone one on a tight budget and the lower price point designs are comparable to the high price point options. You mean I can pay almost close to nothing  and I don't have to look like Ronnie Milsap or feel positively goofy like Jan Brady?......SWEET!I was having such a tough time deciding which frames to go with when I decided just to go with the top two I liked the most. One set will be my business look and the other will be my sporty trying to look smart look. I'll be back in a couple weeks for a contact exam and fitting. Yay for us!
5	My new glasses arrived and not only are they just as rad as when I first picked them out but I'm totally all about my new collapsible Gotti case. I've never been so excited about something that I always considered quite insignificant. Maybe I need to get out more,,,,Nah, not really ; )
5	I was ready to purchase new glasses and decided to go to The Oculist as they are very close to my home.  Well that was the best decision I ever made.  They are AWESOME, both Angela and Brian (owners) are knowledgeable and take the time to explain your options.  This is my first time in progressive lenses and because of the lenses they recommended it was an easy transition.  Took my granddaughter to see them for new glasses and my daughter is going next month.  I was very impressed!!!!!
5	I hadn't realized that my eye insurance had changed since my open enrollment so I went to my providers website for a list of optometrist in the area. Naturally, I backed up my findings with yelp and found this little gem! The pictures and reviews told me I could not go wrong. I called and they got me in same day. I went in just wanting an eye exam but when I walked in, I had to look around. The frames are one of a kind! Not that boring stuff you find anywhere but the frames that people will want to know where you got them from! The exam was wonderful. Angela and Brian are super knowledgable and ready to help. I was excited to find the right frame. They even explained to me all my new benefits on my on new insurance in detail. Needless to say, I walked in just wanting an exam to walking out with amazing frames! I'm so stoked to pick them up soon! I'm totally telling all my four-eyed friends to stop by this place for quality service and a wide selection of frames! I'm so glad I found them!
5	I took my daughter for her eye exam, Angela spent time with her and found a resolution to the problem she was having.  She is now in contacts and very happy!  It is true.......great customer service still does exist.  I would highly recommend The Oculist, they are truly knowledgeable and caring.  Makes you feel good to have a business like this in the neighborhood!!!
5	This is the first time I've needed glasses and Brian & Angela were AMAZING!!! They were so patient, kind and all-around awesome--helped me find the perfect pair of cute glasses. Angela explained what I should expect with my astigmatism clearly. They're the owners too, bringing both expertise and superb customer service. Love these guys and recommend them highly!!!
5	Upon needing a new prescription and contacts ASAP as I had just burned through my last pair and seeing that my prescription was expired, I found this gem of a place based on other great reviews on Yelp and I am so glad that I did! Not only were they able to get me in last minute on the same day (literally, I called around 4:30 and they were able to squeeze me in for an eye exam appointment at 5:30), I had one of the most thorough, detailed eye exams I've had. I was able to tell that Angela and Brian are truly dedicated to their business as well as offering the best customer service as possible based on my first experience with them.  Now even after the fact that they scheduled me 30 minutes prior to closing time, I had been running 5-10 minutes late due to some rush hour traffic (totally a fault on my part for not factoring in traffic times). Now I'm an industry server so I know how it is when a table walks in 5 minutes before last call.. getting them in/out seems to be the most natural way to deal about it, but it definitely was not the case for Angela and Brian. They gladly took me in even though I was late and were very patient with me and I did not feel that they were rushing me or sacrificing the quality of any part of my visit the whole time.Angela seemed genuinely concerned about the health of my eyes, and thoroughly explained the results of the eye exam compared to my previous prescription, and even talked to me about dilation as I had not had my eyes dilated previously. I could tell that she was an expert in her field and felt very comfortable trusting her opinion as a specialist. Highly recommended place and worth the visit!
5	The storefront and location are unassuming but walk in to find a sleek and modern setup. You won't find any of the typical labels here. Want Nike, Ray-Ban, Prada, Gucci? This isn't your store. Instead, you'll be shown several incredibly sexy, unique brands with different frames and materials to match your face shape, fashion interests, and budget (although tbh, the prices can get quite high for several options).  Even better than the selection, the team here is fantastic. I've been having regular eye exams and swapping out new rims/contacts for over 20 years. Brian and Dr. Angela truly make the experience. They are patient and offer their honest opinion on how different frames suit you. I really appreciate their no-pressure customer service and they were not annoyed with me trying on every frame in the store. Such a relief when compared to some other offices obviously just trying to maximize profits.Definitely check them out for your ocular needs. I didn't even need new glasses...I recently did Lasik (not perfectly corrected, still some astigmatism) but still had vision credit from my insurance to use up. Glad I did so here!
5	I had a flawless experience at The Oculist. It was clear within moments of entering that a great deal of thought, passion, and damn good taste went into the selection of each frame on display. Every single piece of stock was sophisticated and current, with a broad range of designs, some quirky and some subtle. The price range is mostly moderate, with several on the high side and a fair variety on the low, so there are options for both the budget-conscious and those looking to splurge.The owners, Angela and Brian, could not have been more warm, gracious, and relaxed. Having been smothered by a salesperson at LensCrafters a few days earlier, I was very aware of how perfectly non-pushy their approach was. They were keen in observing which styles I was gravitating towards (a broad spectrum, as I was looking to really change up my look), and providing me with alternate colors or similar options that I had overlooked, the latter always in the same price range and often cheaper. After choosing a bakers dozen or so of my favorites, I sat and began to narrow it down to my final purchase, and their humble confidence and impeccable eye for fit continued to make the process enjoyably and easily decisive.I walked away with two gorgeous pairs of quality glasses at a reasonable price, and honestly reveled in the entire shopping experience from beginning to end. I was even lucky enough to receive my favorite of the two pairs a week early, just in time for a vacation I was taking. Angela and Brian's personalities, expertise, dedication and taste level is truly what makes this place special!
5	These guys are great! I have been in denial about my eye issues for years now and as a filmmaker and designer, my eyes need to be perfect. Imagine my surprise when Angela performed the exam on me. Enough about my personal problems... From the minute I made the call to set an appointment to the moment I left, I felt as though I was their main focus. Their selection of frames is great and they weren't trying to push any ridiculous priced sets on me. They had more expensive brands to offer but totally just wanted me to be happy with the look and feel of the frames. They are great listeners and friendly people! I strongly recommend this husband and wife duo!
5	After reading flawless reviews on this place, I decided to go and give it a try today. All I can say is Dr. Angela is really nice and you can see she is very knowledgeable in her career. Both Brian and her helped me look for frames and took the time to show me options, he then went over prices and wasn't pushy about options that other big name places would "suggest" you get.  He thoroughly explained the pros and cons of each lense option and leaves it to you to choose. I really enjoyed this office and would suggest anyone else not sure of where to go to go here first.  I'm new in town and while there are a few others with high reviews as well,I don't regret one second of my time here.
5	After going to a few other eye doctors in Phoenix I came across The Oculist. Great service, nice clean modern office/showroom, and extremely friendly service. I would highly recommend Dr. Angela to anyone.
5	It was such a pleasure to find this great small business in my neighborhood. Dr Angela Marquez and Manager Brian Oeitker are so darned warm and fuzzy while at the same time, they really know their stuff!  I am so happy with my frames and lenses and I took a pair of sunglasses in and got px lenses put in those for a very reasonable price.
5	I went to The Oculist for new glasses with a prescription from my doctor (although the doctor there seems very nice!).They have excellent customer service, a great unique selection, and I definitely plan on buying every other pair of glasses I ever get there! Brian was able to quickly help me find glasses that fit well on my face, were the style that I liked, and were in my price range. Their frames start around $95. I typically have bought my frames from Target and the like, and have spent less money (I bought $100 frames today), but the quality is noticeably better. You're not just paying for a brand name, the prices are in line with the quality of the frames. If you want great service and a high quality unique selection of frames then I would come here!
1	The lady was great but my prescription for contacts she gave me was way off. its all blurry and the contacts made my eyes all red.she said it was my allergies. i am now 300$later wearing my same old glasses with comtacts that i cant see in
5	If I ever needed a sign that I was well overdue for an eye exam, it was at the beginning of September when my glasses conveniently broke. I had been meaning to get an exam, however since I moved to central Phoenix a little less than a year ago I totally put it off. The Oculist was the closest to me and had the most flexible hours. Brian was able to get me in on a Saturday morning the same week I called. They scored points with me before having stepped into the office! The Oculist has a very modern and organized setup-I was immediately excited when I saw how many "retro" style frames there were to choose from. It was like Christmas for my blind self, lol. Brian greeted me with a friendly hello and it wasn't very long before I met the optician Angela. She was super nice and was very thorough. As it turned out, my previous prescription was too strong-it was only noticeable when wearing contacts but I chalked it up to being light sensitive. We did my contact lens exam and she gave me a sample pair to try which were way more comfortable and even scheduled a follow up the following weekend to see if they worked out alright!As I mentioned before, the glasses selection is spectacular! There are some really unique frames and the owners Angela and Brian are really small business minded which I really appreciate. When my glasses came in, Brian noticed the lenses had some minor imperfections and sent them back to be corrected. It was a few week wait as a result, however well worth it since these frames are high quality. You can really tell they care about their patients! I can't recommend this place enough for all of your eye needs!
5	Just got my exam here and Angela and Brian were wonderful. I was going to just get my scrip and get glasses on line but the service was so good I got glasses there and have no problem with the process even though I know I could have saved online I like the service here and felt great about they way they explained everything.  I would give more stars if I could. I'll tell everyone that will listen.
5	I absolutely love this shop.  When they first opened I picked up some stellar sunglasses from them.  Recently, I was delighted to find that they accept my eye insurance. Prime!  They carry a unique selection of frames that help all us Phoenicians look cool. And they are so nice.  Check them out!  A+++++
5	Dr. Angela is fantastic! The service was great. I haven't ordered glasses yet, just contacts but it was a great trip.
5	Just moved to Phoenix and needed to get some glasses. I definitely felt taken care of and can tell they care about their business very much. I highly recommend coming here!! :)
