5	Dr.Thompson and his staff are always courteous, professional and just genuinely friendly! Let's face it, no one REALLY likes to visit the dentist (unless ur a freak!) jk, but with the great service I receive from beginning to end, it makes the experience pleasant (If I dare say so myself!). I guess I am a freak!! LoL
5	This is the best dental office I have ever been to! I hate going to the dentist, but I will be a patient here for life. When walking into the office it was quaint and beautiful. I was greeted immediately and everything was done for me and investigated with my insurance before I even arrived, I instantly felt I was going to receive a "worry free" appointment. From here on the appointment only got better. I was then greeted by my hygienist, Kimber (sp?), with whom I fell in love... When I first sat down, she sat down facing me, just to chat and talk about my concerns, it wasn't straight to the X-rays and cleaning, it was more like a "get to know you" and she listened to my concerns and made sure she addressed EVERY single one of them before I left my appointment. She was very thorough and gentle with the cleaning, she took her time, I felt like she took pride in my mouth, by far the best cleaning of my life! Some people may have thought of this as a distraction but what I also loved was when other people were being brought back for their appointments they would walk past Kimber's room and say "hi" and Kimber would respond knowing all of their names, this made me feel that the care that I was receiving from her was genuine and I too would build this kind of relationship with this office. When meeting Dr. Thompson he was really nice and funny. He has a down to earth way of explaining dentistry so that I could understand it. He was not pushy with the work I needed done and he didn't recommend a bunch of unnecessary work like my last dentist. On a side note: The employees here are very funny and have tasteful humor (this does not take away from their standard of professionalism btw). When Dr. Thompson entered the room for my exam, you can tell him and Kimber have known each other for a long time, they would poke fun of each other and make jokes, it was funny, it definitely lighted the mood of the "exam", no one likes hearing they need caps or cavities, fun atmosphere.Go here you won't be disappointed!
5	The best dental office in the valley! I am an emotional wreck when it comes to going to the dentist i know everyone says that but i get as close as a panic attack as you can get! Needless to say I never really took the greatest care of my teeth and need quite  a bit of work. I have had other dentists have made me feel so embarrassed i literally couldn't go back. Dr. Thompson and his staff are the least judgmental office I've been to. Carol at the front is AMAZING! I called her at 9am and was in the office by 10:15 the same day! She is also very knowledgeable about billing and works with your insurance to make it VERY affordable. Dr. Thompson has such a warm personality he puts you at ease within the first minute, great sense of humor and actually really CARES about how you are doing emotionally and physically. I've never actually looked forward to having dental work done but now with Dr. Thompson, Carol and Arianna I actually don't mind!His office actually cost less than going to the sub-par chains out there so if you think you can't afford anything else think again!
