4	Their slogan is "Where Great Food Meets Great Atmosphere."  Well...  they are half right.  The food is great!  The atmosphere didn't appeal to me.  If you fancy strip malls where Honda Civics pull up, pop the trunk , and sell you everythign from handbags and perfume to a new car radio... then you might enjoy hanging out.  Me?  I got my food to go.The place features burgers, chicken, and some soul food.  They do a steady business as it seems every employee in the strip mall gets their lunch here.  I can't blame them.  My burger was very good.  The sesame bun was toasted to perfection, the beef tasty, and a big mmmmmmmm.  I love a good burger!  And this is one to try!   The burger comes with freshly fried chips with Ranch, BBQ, or Cajun seasoning.  They are great.  The cashier was attractive, friendly, fun, and even a bit sassy.  She is PERFECT for this place.  She recommended the Onion Rings also.  She was right.  Delicious.  The batter was thick but the rings cooked perfectly and easily devoured.  If you are looking for a great burger and sides to go this place is an excellent choice.  Their offerings include an array of chicken and catfish.  All looked good!
5	Southerners, do you miss real Southern soul food? Does the word "catfish" make your miss your granny's cooking? Then you've got to go to this amazing hole in the wall in North Vegas. The people are so nice - I sent my husband in there to get take out, and I made him ask them way too many questions. Since he's from Chicago, he didn't understand most of them, but the owner hooked us up, 'cause he understood me juuuuust fine! You MUST try the okra - these are not from some bag of pre-breaded frozen okra. This is homemade, extra seasoned (I taste Lawry's salt), and so crunchy, it withstood a car ride home. They also do a sweet potato ball / nugget thing that is so tasty it could be desert, but don't you dare think you can survive without the chocolate cake! This can only be made by the hands of angels... or grandmothers. I won't do the injustice of describing what can only be experienced, but try it. In fact, try everything. These people know their way around a kitchen. My only request is that they get some cream gravy for their chicken fingers. Y'all know what I'm talking about!!!
5	ate catfish special on friday week ago.wow what a deal!! catfish and cajun fry's a killer. best cajun fries ever ate.like fantastic barbeque potato chips.$3.99 with drink included.thought they'd just give you a sampling of. nope definately plenty for lunch.nice people that run the place.not much for seating inside like counter with bar stools but outside concrete tables with bench chairs.then on top of it they brought our food to us outside. going back this friday.can't wait! yum!!!!!
5	Ate here last week for the first time, work upstairs.   Had chicken fingers & fries for under $5.00 also included was a drink.  What a buy.  Everyone here is so nice.  I will definitely be back for more. You all should try this place especially lunch time, great value & great food!!
5	Great environment, friendly staff. Food was amazing, had just a burger and fries, just had great flavor.
4	We both enjoyed our sandwiches. A fair price for the food. Daily special was a great deal. We will definitely go back.
5	Just had lunch.  Ordered the hamburger wrap and fries...awesome!! The wrap reminded me of a big mac in a wrap and the fries were seasoned just like five guys.  All for six dollars....definitely will check it out again if I'm in the area.
4	The Impala burger is a must try. Great chili cheese burger. Also, don't miss the Friday catfish special.
5	Had the Bugatti boy sandwich. The catfish and shrimp and fries were seasoned perfectly! The man can cook! And the serving size was just right.
5	We celebrated and had lunch at Ascar Cafe today after our 5th week of WW. Disappointed in the food here in Vegas, I yelped burger joints and they came up with 4.5 stars! We've attempted to eat here twice before but today it paid off. We each had the "El Camino" and it was by far the best burgers we have ever had! PS...these are not the burgers we had but c'mon guys! Look at those gorgeous burgers! Lookout Gordon Ramsay~
1	Heres my tip...dont order the philly sandwich.  The ratio of chicken filling to the bread was like 10% and the bread 90%  and they should be ashamed to even call it a philly cause they used cheddar sliced cheese.
2	They messed up my order: I ordered the El Camino and asked that they substitute ground turkey for the beef.  Instead of the El Camino I vot the Impalla. I was a little disappointed, especially since I didn't discover the mistake until I got home.  The sides, particularly the onion rings and the well-done fries were absolutely yum! I will give the place another chance to redeem themselves,  If you are in the mlld for a moist, grilled chicken breast, the Impalla is a good bet. if you're doing take out, recommend you double check your order before driving away.
2	I was excited to try this place after the reviews of the delicious burgers. I purchased 3 groupons for $10 worth of food for $5. First time I went I ordered burger and buffalo chicken wraps. Overall, it was tasty and reasonably priced. I went there a couple of days ago and ordered fried catfish (which was the special of the day) and sauteed shrimp po boys and a side of fries. The shrimp po boy was ok. The shrimp didn't have a ton of flavor. I noticed that my fries were much darker this time, almost black. They tasted bitter. The catfish tasted bitter as well. Everything had this acrid, bitter taste, almost like it was fried in dirty oil. I pretty much had to throw everything out, which I never do. I was glad I didn't get my shrimp po boy fried. I'm pretty sure they would have had the same bitter taste. Very disapppointing. It out of my way, won't be back.
5	Oh my burgers, this place was awesome. Had the mini coopers and it was by far the best burgers/sliders I've ever had. Went back immediately the next day. But I will say the guy that cooks at night (or at least the night I went) made the burger a lot better than the guy that worked during lunch :/
