4	when it comes to rating grocery stores in vegas, you have von's (outrageous), albertsons (semioutrageous), and smith's (tied for semi-outrageous). so the time came when i had to go to wally world for some much-needed replenishments, in the way of beauty supplies and some food.took the same shopping list of items i already procured at von's for a comparison test to this walmart near a friend's house.  this walmart was very clean. i was immediately lost since i don't frequent this area of town.  i made casual inquiries to shoppers as to where to find things in this store and they were so friggin friendly and helpful.  got me wondering, is it the people/customers of walmart or is it the area of town?  i came from summerlin where they voted no against a walmart in their back yard, but i have no doubt you'll find those same shoppers  at a nearby walmart every weekend (the snobs that they are won't admit it though).  had a large shopping order to complete that encompassed both ends of the store.  got it done with customer's directions in less than an hour.I kid you not $124.97 at my local Von's cost me $87.01 for the identical items at walmart. Significant savings over time and the people watching aspect is an added plus.
4	A new Wal Mart. Hopefully it doesn't end up like most WM or other stores that look great when new, then go downhill from there.For now, this is my favorite Wal Mart. You might ask, "Is that saying much?" given how many WM stores are either dirty or impossible parking, wall to wall humanity of bad smelling, bad dressing, trash talking peeps? But this whole area is brand spanking new, so the neighborhood is pretty decent. However, there are no guarantees on the clientele that drive to shop here. I have never seen graffiti anywhere, at least not yet. And no employees have more tattoos than skin, no multiple lip piercings, or try to ghetto speak. Lot of military, Mormon families, and other good decent people.After parking, I noticed they had two cart guys outside just doing their job. Walking in, the carts were nicely lined up in the front.  The lighting at night isn't that great.  But it is doubtful you need pepper spray or a roundhouse kick to feel safe. The store has been mostly well stocked the few times I've been here. We were looking for nightlights, some cheap casual work pants, snacks, and some produce (on the vine tomatoes ($1.98 a lb, watermelon ($3.99 each), oranges ($1.50 lb, and Fuji apples ($1.50 lb). A clean cut employee with clipped fingernails pointed us to where everything was. He even took us to the closest first stop. We found what we needed, and everything worked, fitted, or tasted decent.  The produce though is weeks old from their California warehouses.  The WM brand "George" pants like Dockers were surprisingly on Clearance $11, normally $17. It fit, That's a third of the price of my last pair of real Dockers. And the rest rooms were clean.One cool thing about this WM is that they lease their spaces in front to some unrelated businesses - a personal lines insurance company, an independent nail salon, and a Sonic burger.  In the same mall complex was Golidllocks. a Filipino restaurant, L'il Dumplings Chinese and Thai restaurant, a Pizza Place, and in two months, a new rib joint and more.  I usually avoid peak shopping times, so I won't be complaining about parking most of the time anywhere I shop.  At 8 PM on a week night, it's not even a thought here. There were lots of decent, efficient checkers. The lines went fast, probably with just two people ahead of us and waited about 5-10 minutes.  Thankfully, no one had a Mt. Rushmore cart-ful.  Unlike the Craig Rd. Wal Mart, I didn't have put my wallet in my front pocket, not did I hear rusted and crusted, masking taped cars that go BOOM BOOM, BOOM BOOM.
1	I used to like this Wal Mart, but between the slower than molasses on a cold day cashiers, the ruder than all get out customers who have to wait a nano second for my kids to get out of their way, drivers that decide to not wait for the beginning of the aisle to make their turn but instead accelerate flying across the handicap spaces to cut in front of everyone to get that oh so precious parking spot and a depleted inventory, I think I'll take the chaos of the one at Centennial Hills that I typically loathe.  Well actually I sort of despise all Wal Marts, but these two are at the bottom.
4	This Walmart is huge & relatively new.  It is a Supercenter with groceries and the normal Walmart stuff.Why I like this location:- There is a Sonic inside.- The aisles are large.- The floor is clean.- It has nearly everything you could need....a true 1 stop shop.- The parking lot aisles are wide.- The parking spaces are wide.Will I return?  If I'm on this side of town again.....yes.
1	this store started out nice, but within about a year it had already destroyed itself. The floors are already dirty, the lot is ALWAYS  a mess, the people inside are rude and HATE their life apparently. Ask them a question and they might just cut themself with their box cutter. This location NEVER  has enough lanes open and the self-checkout employess are never to be found. To top off everything else, the prices are actually really high. It makes me sad that people just let walmart lie to them about having the lowest prices, because they most certanly do NOT. I've price compared a few different places and the Target across the 215 actually had the lowest average prices on food and HBA. It's got a full grocery on the Garden Center side so that is where I will be going for groceries for now on, I will never step foot in this lying, filthy, horrid trap again. Now if only the moron "security" guy would get the hell out of the way!
5	This Walmart has to be the best Walmart in Vegas. They always have everything I need. It's always clean and is full of helpful employees. Unlike other Walmart's instead of a McDonald's in it, it has a Sonic's which makes it different from all the others in Vegas. It also has a great bakery with plenty of great selections. This location also has a grocery so you could do all your shopping at once. Overall a great store and location.
5	I love this walmart! this walmart is the one and only walmart I care to go to. The others around the North las vegas area are so ghetto and creepy. Its well stocked, easy to find things, organized, and you can always find someone if you need help with something.
4	I found my ammo real cheap here.  From now on I'll be stopping by here on my way to the N. Decatur shooting range.  The produce section is good and the deli is nice and clean.  The staff looks like they want to be there so that is a good thing.  This is one of the good Walmarts lol.  I'll definitely stop by here again.
2	I've been to this Walmart Store numerous times before, with good results. But not tonight! I was just looking for four items: an avocado, a good tomato, reams of paper, and mainly printer inks. No problem on the paper or avocado except for circling the fresh vegetable aisles twice before finding where the avocados and tomatoes were shelved. But I preferred vine-ripened tomatoes, whatever the price might be. Finally I found the price on a cardboard sign but no matching vine-ripened tomatoes beneath it or anywhere else. Grudgingly, I finally settled on an ordinary hothouse tomato. So, on I trudged to the Electronics Section of the store--only to be frustrated by a collapsed array of sealed boxes of HP printer inks, out of sequential order. What I needed for my very particular printer was 901 ink. And, once I was able to decipher all numbers on the boxes, nothing even close was evident. Then I recalled that the last time I was in search of this same item, the cupboard was also bare but an employee offered to check in the back of the store, and soon returned with his hands full of boxes of the precious 901 ink. So, I asked a worker if the store still carried 901 ink, for none was visible in front.. He replied, "Oh, they're inside now," motioning to another interior aisle. Here I was met by another two shelves of disorganized printer inks, with none bearing the numerals "901". I was about to point out that no such inks were where the man said they were, and ask him if he could check in the back for them, but when I approached him he was so busy chatting and laughing with a fellow female employee that he didn't even notice me. Rather than butting in on their convivial and animated conversation, I decided that with the very limited time I had available to wait anyway, I would instead just move on to an office supply store, which is just what I did. At least the checkout cashier was cheerful and efficient.
4	Personally I'm a bigger fan of Target than Walmart but seeing as this is literally a stones throw from my house.. well Walmart it is.I really like this locations because its CLEAN... We've all been to that onewally world that was so dirty when you left you not only washed your hands but your face, clothes and shoes.. but not this one.. Although its not a new location they've managed to keep it very tidy.This particular location is also a supercenter so I can get some fruit and socks all in one store.. which is a great convience when Im rushing.What tops this place off though is the staff.. Ive never had a bad experience at this location and i've been coming here regularly for 3 years.Theyre always super nice and attentive and there always plenty of staff. Seeing how other Walmarts arent always as inviting as this one I will Definetly be back.. and not just because I live down the street !
5	I lost my wallet in this Wal Mart. I'm disabled. I was trying to do too much shopping, because of my limitations. I did not want to come back to finish my shopping off, so I took some extra pain medication so I could do everything in this one trip. Well, unfortunately when I do that it affects my memory. Consequently, I set my wallet on a shelf (why did I have my wallet out in the first place?!), while I read some information on a label. When I finished, I put the product in my basket, left my wallet on a shelf and walked away. Oh well, I guess I can just kiss my wallet good by with the cash, Social Security Card, and credit cards inside of it right?  wrong!!!!!  When I called this Wal Mart store to check to see if anyone turned it in, I was informed that a employee found it and turned it in!!!! I absolutely could not believe it!!!!. I was already preparing myself to call and cancel the credit cards, deal with Social Security (ugh!!), as well as possibly filling out police report (s). When I went back to the store to retrieve my wallet, nothing was missing!!!. You can have a heart attack for being too happy...lol...which I for good reason most certainly was!!!...lol. To all the employees that work the midnight-early morning shift at this particular store I want to thank you so very much for what you did for me. I want to give a "special" thank you to the employee who turned my wallet in. Everytime that I have been to this Wal Mart, the service has been exemplary and the store has been very clean as well. Once again, Thank you!!!.
3	Wow this place is typically ransacked every time we go! Also, WATCH OUT FOR THE ELECTICAL SHOCKS ALL THRU THE STORE! I swear that no matter when we've gone into this location we (my husband, kids and myself) ALWAYS are shocked (physically) by heavy, HEAVY static electricity throught the entire store! Also their produce and fruit no good.However, their automotive department is pretty darn good. Oil changes, tire repair, always courteous and expedient. I give this location an xtra star (to total 3) just for the auto dept!
3	My boyfriend has an obsession with Walmart because he is from the Midwest and apparently you go to Walmart alot in the Midwest. I am assuming that's because there is nothing else to do.Anyway, I'm just kidding about that part. But him and I ended up driving incredibly far out to this Walmart because we really had nothing better to do, but we needed to buy supplies for Super Bowl Sunday. There are few negatives and a few positives. First off, there is a Sonic in this Walmart, so there's a positive. It is clean, the aisles are big. However, when we were there the store had been CLEANED OUT. Especially the produce section. There were no limes. Very few onions. A sparse collection of sour cream. I am assuming this is all because people were buying for Super Bowl. But it's Walmart... I feel as though this shopping giant should be able to accommodate and prepare for such a rush of people. Hence the 3-Star rating.
4	I've only been to a few Walmarts in Las Vegas, but this one is definitely nicer than others. I've been to one that has trash all over the place and you don't even feel safe inside. The Walmart on Decatur is really clean, newer, nice and you feel safe. I'd feel fine walking from my place to the store. Definitely recommended for shopping.
1	I am taking an indefinite hiatus from visiting this Wal-Mart.Every time I come in, something is not working properly, and while that's not such a big deal, the staff is often either stressed out or uncaring. They are understaffed, with a person of authority running between all parts of the check area. There are ALWAYS long lines. I have never spent less that 10 minutes waiting. That wouldn't be such a big deal, but for a store that advertises their convenience; that you can get everything you need under one roof, quickly and for less, they are dropping the ball all over the place in getting that formula right.The produce is unattractive and generally bruised and beaten.The clothing areas are always a mess.They ALWAYS have an under 21 employee working the self check out. So, if you are trying save time when grabbing a bottle of wine or case of beer, you will have to wait while they get an adult. this happened on each of my last 3 visits. The young employees have not been trained to handle this situation or just don't give a sh*t about how they make the store look. The last kid, who looked like he was 25, said "Aww yo, I can't do that. You're gonna have ta wait." Then... I waited... and held up the line for another 10 minutes.I have walked out of here twice, with items on the register, because of the service issues. Additionally, I can't blame Wal-Mart for being packed, but I can not take the crowded parking lot with people speeding through and not being able to walk comfortably through the store.Everything Wal-Mart sells can be found in other stores in the area. Those other stores are also situated in much more well organized, and less crowded, shopping centers RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET FOLKS... MAP IT :)So, if you want food, you can go to a grocery store, if you want bulk, you can go to WinCo, if you want electronics you can go to Best Buy, if you want booze, go to the liquor store. All of these places will give you better service, in a more welcoming environment.What is your time and stress worth?The value in avoiding this Wal-Mart will keep me away for at least a few months. I don't think their service issues will get any better with the coming seasons, so i will check in again around late Jan/early Feb to see if anything has changed.In the meantime, I will make 4 stops and spend 10-20% more at other stores to avoid the garbage I put up with here... out of self-respect.
4	It is what it is: Walmart. There is a sonic inside which is nice but they never have enough checkers and the self serve line is not open 24/7.
4	Most of the time, this walmart isn't too busy, but when it is, the lines are longgggg. The Sonic here is so-so. It could be way better. The Salon--not too good for nails, but the eyebrow lady is pretty okay and super cheap! The Deli--the prepared foods could be way way better&fresher. if Walmart doesn't have it, go drop by target
2	Went into the retail conglomerate on a Sunday afternoon to pick-up a camera my son had his eye on. When we got back to the camera section, we couldn't find the model we were looking for and there was no associate around to turn to for help. I got the attention of the young man working the cell phone counter and he said he would summon someone to help us. The associate that came to help us seemed disgruntled by the fact we needed help and wanted to know if they had they particular model we were looking for at another location (Don't even get me started on the screws he had in his ears pretending to be earrings).  This young lad was rude, unprofessional and put off a huge "I don't want to be here vibe." You know it's bad when three teenage boys, who have nothing on their minds but skateboards and girls, notice the poor attitude and lack of customer service. He eventually did let us know another Walmart location had what we were looking for, but did so with such disdain it was alarming. I can't lay all the blame on him, as I am sure he wasn't provided with a whole lot of training on how to deal with customers. You would think with the way the economy has been, companies would put a bigger focus on training their employees how to deal with the customers.We were so put off by the poor customer service, we stopped by the Best Buy across the street. Come to find out, their price was just as good as Walmart's. I have yet to write a one-star review, but this came really close. It's hard to stay away from Walmart, because they offer almost everything, but experiences like  this make it an easy.
5	This is one of the better Wal-Marts I've been to in Vegas.  It's clean. The staff is usually friendly, and the patrons are generally respectful people.  It's in a nice area of town with other great businesses close by too.  Convenient location. Open 24-7.  Food looks good and clean. Well organized.  Well stocked on everything.
1	Made the mistake of taking my car here for an oil change. Then figured I'd get tires. That's simple stuff right? Wrong. After 3 visits they kept "forgetting" to reset the oil gauge. They stated that they replaced two tires and rotated the one tire that needed replacing. Lie. That "replaced" tire blew out on the I-15 two weeks later. I let the tow truck guy keep the rim like a dunce. Went back and they claimed they would show me the video of them rotating the tires. I called their bluff. Suddenly it's against store policy.  I buy a new rim and two new tires trying to keep it consistent. Two days later warning lights come on. I take it to a reputable shop and they ask "what idiots put a bigger rim and tire on the front of your car?" Ryan, the manager is clearly incompetent. I had to go back and ask him why they didn't put the wheel covers back on and why the light was still on. Bill, the other manager swore he would review the video himself and make sure they rotated the tires properly. I'll hold my breath Bill.  He then instructed Ryan to refund $40 as a discount. Ryan then charges me an additional $40. These people cannot perform simple services. You have been warned.
2	Maybe I am becoming less tolerant as I grow  older. That combined with the fact these Walmart employees probably don't receive a whole lot of training, made for a frustrating shopping experience. I've seen ping pong tables on display at other locations and wanted to purchase one for the house full of people we are expecting over the holidays. I asked the employee in sporting goods if they had any on display. He says they are in the garden section. I play along and go to the garden section. Julie tells us they are displayed up front and only stored in garden. We find the display, the Mrs approves, we purchase one and confirm with the cashier that we pick it up in the garden section. Upon going back to the garden section and telling Julie I need to pick up my PP table, she tells me "that's in sporting goods." She then proceeds to ask me who told me the table was to be picked up in the garden section. This is the same Julie that told me just minutes earlier the tables were stored in the garden section. Julie has me wait at the garden area while she goes to sporting goods to find someone to grab me a table. She came back alone only to get someone in the garden section to get one from, guess where?, the garden section. It was like the left hand didn't know what the right hand was doing and Julie seemed like a fish out of water. The only thing that bumped this to a two star experience was Assistant Manager Bill and the two employees that loaded the beast into my vehicle. This is two subpar experiences lately. Maybe it's time for me to find a new Walmart mothership.
3	Because I'm a fool, I decided to buy groceries on Black Friday. Much to my surprise, I didn't have to wait in line at all. The store was still quite busy at 2pm and the Black Friday zombies were still trolling, leaving mass destruction in their wake. The entire store looked as if it had been looted! But I was able to get all my grocery needs and escape without a scratch.
3	A good location conveniently located off of 215 and Decatur. Store is laid out opposite of most Walmarts.
3	I moved to the area in July 2013... the store was pretty decent. Then but as time went on...its gone down hill...shelves are devoid of popular stock on alot of occasions...was buying half gallons of GV Half&Half was out asked for some said they never carried that?...And I have been buying it there all along?..the beauty section is missing stocked items...especially deordant. ..discontinued carrying certain items but I can go to another store same area and buy it....All Walmarts should carry the same things in my opinion. ...The parking lot is made in such a way thats its hard to manuver. The only plus side is its not in the ghetto
3	Super Walmarts are the best ones to go to because of two major factors. Its 24 hours and you pretty much can get everything you need from grocery, clothes, shoes, electronics, automotive, furniture, etc. I could go on but if you have ever been to one of these "Supers", you know exactly what I am talking about.Now for the negatives. There seems to never be any parking and if you do find one, there is usually a shopping cart or two that is in the way so you have to get out of your car to get it out of the way. Sometimes you are approached by certain people because they are either selling something or are asking you for money. Just the other day, when I got out of my car, this dude came up to me and asked if wanted to buy some tamales. Then when I was making my way to the car, this one guy is asking me for money so he can put gas in his car so he can take his family back home to Phoenix. The funny thing about that its the same guy that asked me for money last week. I asked him, "Didn't you ask me the for money last week? Shouldn't you be in Phoenix by now?". He looked at me like oh s**t, you got me.Most of the time, the employees here are ok to interact with. Sometimes you run into those employees that don't give a damn about working there. I usually try to stay away from those people so that their crappy attitude does not affect me.Overall, I don't mind going here if I really need something. I just try not to go when its 2 in the morning. I can only imagine what type of characters are floatin around not to mention disgruntled walmart employees. Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #77
2	Check the best by date on the candy at the check out. I just got a payday bar that was over a year out of date!
4	Great Customer Service...When I first moved to Las Vegas 4 1/2 years ago this was one of the first stores where my family and I shopped. I wanted to purchase something that was on display that I couldn't find on the shelf.An associate walked up to me and asked if I needed assistance.  I explained that I could not find an item. The associate pulled out a PDA, typed in the UPC, then 5 seconds later apologized for not having it in stock. Then proceeded to inform me that one of the other local stores a 3 on hand. The associate then asked if I would like to have one set aside for me at that location. I said thank you but, no, I'd rather make the purchase at this location. The associate proceeded to type in a few things on the PDA, then told me that he just ordered more units and the delivery will arrive in 3 or 4 days.  Then asked if I would like someone to call me when the item arrived. The item arrived on schedule AND I received a phone call informing me that my item was ready.  Are you kidding me!That is great customer service. Say what you want about Walmart, they earned my business.
5	Thank you to Manager Mandy.  Went above and beyond to help me find my Ice Cream Mix.  It is much appreciated.
1	This is the most disorganized Walmart that I have been to I purchased two TVs on Thanksgiving night for the one hour guarantee in because of their mistake it's been over a month and I still haven't received my TVs. This is BS and I'm stuck here cause I don't know what else I can do.
