5	JB Services was responsive and reasonable. A client asked me who I knew for garage door repair and I provided them with JB Services information. It's always a little nerve wrecking referring a client to a vendor. However, my client was very pleased with the outcome from start to finish. That made me look good and relieved any anxiety. Since then JB Setvices is my exclusive vendor for garage door and locksmithing calls. They will not disappoint.
5	This company is fantastic.  They showed up on time, was very friendly and very efficient.  Their prices were very reasonable and explained the work that needed to be done.  I will definitely recommend to everyone that needs garage repair or locksmithing services.
4	Good response time after calling the morning of service. Only checked one company based on reviews. A little pricey but good service. Replaced both overhead springs on garage and one sensor (broke my wall plate cover). Would recommend for services if needed done in a timely manner.
5	I called around 4:30 in the afternoon and Jakob was at my house within 35 minutes, as he promised.  He inspected our garage door thoroughly, quoted a fair price for the work required and completed the job expertly.  He definitely knows his way around a garage door, replacing a frayed cable and repositioning rollers that had been damaged.I had called another company before calling Jakob but they couldn't respond  to my home until 11 PM, which was unacceptable.  I'm grateful they couldn't meet our needs because we are VERY pleased with Jakob's expertise and advice.  We recommend him highly and wish him good luck with his company.
5	I highly recommend Jacob. He came to the house within 20 minutes of receiving my call (during Memorial Day weekend!). I appreciated the fact that he put a good faith effort to try and fix the garage door opener before he looked into replacing it. His prices were reasonable and his work was outstanding! Thank you Jacob.
5	Definitely a "two thumbs" up my yelpers! Very fast service and affordable too! And we are happy our garage door was fixed in no time...problem solved & very satisfied. Thank you Jacob!
5	Jakob was very reasonable and patient with me. United Door wanted to charge me 300 for two springs. He called me and did it for a better price. He also went of his way to reinforce my door with two struts. Highly recommend this company. Quick and on time. A+
5	Just had eight locks rekeyed by JB service. They gave me fantastic service at reasonable prices. I needed it done within a couple hours and Jakob was able to accommodate me by coming by immediately and promptly working on it. They had great customer service and were really helpful. All the locks worked just fine afterwards. He even helped me out with another lock that I didn't originally request. Their service and help was above and beyond. I would definitely recommend them to anyone in need for a key and locksmith.
