5	Chick Rotisserie & Wine Bar has the best food in the "hood," that's the Arcadia neighborhood!!! The ambiance is not pretentious but very nice, perfect for a very memorable first date! The wine selection is great, but not so expensive to have to take out a second on your home to pay the tab...As a self proclaimed Food Aficionado, I have traveled four continents and dined around the world... The chicken, filet, Salmon all melt in your mouth like "Butta;" as a matter of fact the Chicken is so flavorful you will salivate long after you masticated a mouthful! The Filet is equally tasty,  not only marinated  to perfection but the best cuts of fillet I have ever had in Phoenix! As far as sides go I have to say their mashed potato is pronominal! I have to admit we have a lot of great eateries in north east phoenix, & Chick Rotisserie & Wine Bar is a place that I will frequent often!
2	Probably should have known better than to try this place the second night they're open, but have enjoyed the owner's burger place next door and have been looking forward to their opening. Unfortunately was a big disappointment.    Ordered the organic mesquite chicken - was dry and rather tasteless.  Have had better at Boston Market.   Also had the mashed potatoes and the roasted vegetables - okay, but nothing to warrant a trip back.   Waited 15 minutes for a glass of wine after ordering it, despite the fact we were the ONLY patrons in the restaurant, then waited 15 more when we ordered a second one.  Lots of kinks to get ironed out - surprising, considering the success of the restaurant next door by the same owner.  Expected them to hit the ground running. Ordered the petite peach cobbler - was okay, except I don't think they peeled the peaches.... the texture of the skin ruined the otherwise tastiness of the dish.  Creme Brulee was excellent.
2	Really wanted to like this place -- it's close, I love chicken, and I love The Grind, but they made it hard to enjoy. Maybe just some opening week rough spots, but I can't recommend it.We made a reservation in advance for 6, and they squeezed us into a booth that probably should only hold 4. I can live with that. Nice selection of craft beers and wines, and I like that you can order 1/2 or even 1/4 glasses as a "taster".Server was polite, but tough to track down. Food came out slowly, inaccurately, and was just not that great. Parents' request for white-meat chicken was botched and had to be sent back. Wife's order came out late and was totally wrong, came out wrong a 2nd time, but the 3rd time was the charm. The rotisserie chicken itself was decent, but nothing you couldn't get at several dozen other places in town. Daughter's pork sandwich was practically swimming in the bleu cheese sauce -- guys, a little goes a long way. Wife's fish was o.k., but the chickpea side dish was bland & uninteresting. Creamed corn was very tasty, though. Due to the kitchen/server mishaps, we had to race through dinner even though we had allowed for plenty of time.Overall, just nothing that would bring me back. Too many other good options around.
2	This place is New... I love the Grind and yet this place can't get it right yet! I am going to give it a month and hope they work out the menu and educate their staff a little more with the things on the menu!  I wish them the best!
4	We went to this restaurant with another couple. The ambiance was nice, but loud so it was hard to have a conversation. I would pick a slow night if we went back. The food is awesome and extremely affordable! Temperature of the sides were not warm enough, but sounds like they were already aware of that and working on it. I love how you can order the wine! If you have a hard time choosing, the way they offer their servings is cool! Taste, 1/2 glass or full glass! You have the chance and can afford to try different wines! We would recommend this place!
2	Chick, I wanted to love you so. I order oven roasted and rotisserie chickens all the time from restaurants that do them really well. Chick's not quite there yet. It's also brand new, so I have high hopes.For one, things are a bit expensive. They at least have quarter chicken portions, and the sides are accommodating: You get a big ol' artichoke for your side which was decent, and a bunch of whipped potatoes. The potatoes are a bit soupy, mostly by virtue of swimming in butter; when they first came out I had them with sour cream, chives, and cheese, and they were just too salty. The chef came out and we mentioned that and he brought back a huge bowl of the regular whipped potatoes that were really quite tasty. Our friends had the roasted vegetables, which were carrots and parsnips. Not much to write home about, right? Wrong. They were actually fantastic, crispy and bright and with a bit of something that made them really pop. If more of the sides hit like that, we'd be closer to home run territory. My girlfriend got the pot pie. It was actually really tasty, the crust was fantastic, and it had that hearty kinda inside to it. Could've used a dash of salt (perhaps stolen from my potatoes) but other than that, it was really good.The service was slow, and the server misheard our friend ordering a half glass even though she repeated it twice, and brought out a full glass (and charged for it). Even still, he got basically everything else right and was able to split the check just fine. We did have about a 35-40 minute wait from ordering entrees to seeing the food, and they were a bit busy but that's a bit much in general. The biscuit appetizers came out right quick. The wine concept is really cool. They use those purging machines that allow them to pour any quantity they want without affecting the other wine: it fills the bottle with an inert gas so that they can do that with literally any bottle, and they have a large selection available. I'm not a wine drinker, but my other guests liked the idea.The chicken just lacked pizzazz for me. For a place that's built around that entirely, I think they need to amp it up a bit. Even from a chain like Charlestons, they know how to season and roast a mean chicken. Here, there wasn't much of any flavor on the outside, and while I didn't have that dryness others have complained about, it just didn't reach out and grab me. Especially for a $9 quarter chicken, organic or not. I'd like to see more flavor there. It was okay, but it wasn't magical.The sauces are pretty neat and the honey truffle sauce was pretty tasty, but I don't know if I should have to rely on sauce to jazz up something like roasted chicken. They definitely add something though, and the variety is unique. (I tried the creamy garlic as well.)I'll say this: the chef came out to talk to us and after replacing the potatoes, he was really nice and brought out some of his cheese biscuits as well which were pretty tasty. He was incredibly friendly and you can tell he's working really hard on building this out. For that, I'll give it a few more months and give them another shot to see if they get their sea (or chicken) legs underneath them.
1	I was so underwhelmed by Chick Rotisserie that I do not care to ever return. I went as part of a party of 5 last night and we all wished we had just gone to the Grind instead. If this place makes it, it will be a miracle. What is good:Its a really cute space with a nice bar. I was excited when we walked in.They have wine, and lots of it.The mashed potatoes and your choice of 3 toppings for them. I love potatoes!What is not:The menu is bulky and heavy and requires flipping back and forth between pages. It is also super confusing! The chicken is all on the bone.The sauce you pick is not for dipping, its just what your chicken is cooked in. The "chicken and dumplings" on the menu is apparently a typo?? Seriously? Our server said they could "probably make me something like C& D". Gee, that sounds awesome. The one fish selection is served bone in skin on. In a dark restaurant this was really fun for my MIL. Who makes their patrons pay and WORK for their food?? Chick does.They dont have fries to go with their sandwiches. How many guys do you think want to order a side salad with their sandwich? None of ours did.The bacon on their cobb salad is like eating bacon flavored rocks. Hard bacon flavored rocks. You cannot get un-fried garbanzo beans on the cobb salad, even if you ask for them.The cobb salad is a sad interpretation of a cobb salad, even if you add chicken.Want a hot sandwich? good luck.The unisex bathroom floor was covered in sticky pee footprints. There are two bathrooms, why not make one for each sex and not make me look at or dance around a urinal?This place was an utter disappointment to our entire party, And it wasnt a cheap disappointment. I'm just glad its over.
4	Chick has the potential to be a restaurant we want to keep coming back to.  The food will keep us trying for an exceptional experience, but some things needs to be fixed if Chick is to see it's first anniversary.1.)  The space:  Cute slightly upper scale boutique "farmhouse".  Decor and lighting is warm yet modern.  The only miss: The beautiful tables.  They are heavily distressed with very deep grooves as if made from reclaimed wood.  There can't possibly be any way for them to clean the tables thoroughly - The thought of a small portion of everyone's food that has dined here before me staring at me -- especially as time goes on and those grooves fill up with food & germs grosses me out.  A piece of glass on each table is a definite food safety must.  To make matters worse, tables are set with your silverware on the bare table.  Silverware should never be placed on anything other than a fresh a napkin or table cloth.  2.)  The menu:  The menu they offer is a little different from your average restaurant which can make for a memorable experience.  However, putting a menu like theirs in a small but thick leather bound binder with just a couple items per page made us feel like unwelcome outsiders.  The incessant flipping between pages with types of entrees and sides and sauces was quite frustrating.  I recommend picking up the takeout menu at the front door and using that to navigate the menu.3.)  The service: Awkward but very friendly.  Our waiter seemed like a foodie fit for a restaurant like this, but his table presence left us feeling like we needed to make *him* comfortable talking to us or requesting anything.  I had to fight most of the meal to have more than 3-4 ice cubes in my iced tea.  After asking a couple members of the staff for a glass of ice, they kept bringing back my glass with just more tea and no more ice. At one point, the server brought my iced tea glass back without a straw.  When I asked for one, his reply was "can you use the one from your water glass for now?"4.)  The food:  This is what made up for most of the other shortcomings especially because Chick is still new.  I had the country pork with creamed corn and mashed potato "bar".  You get 3 toppings with the mashed potato which the chefs will assemble for you.  I chose mesquite sour cream, applewood smoked bacon, and Vermont white cheddar - Delicious!  The creamed corn was very tasty as well.  The mandarin orange chutney paired amazingly well with the pork.My husband had the chicken and dumplings.  It's a little different from the traditional C&D, but was very good.  It's served in a lighter broth instead of a heavy sauce which was a welcome change.We decided next time the hubby and I go, we would take our chances at the bar and avoid the servers until they can get caught up on their service skills.
1	Cool space, excellent servers but the food was not good.  I had the chicken caesar wrap.  There was bones other unknown chicken parts in the sandwich.  It was tasteless.  My wife had the chicken bbq sandwich and I tried that and it was unremarkable aka bleh.  We ordered plain mashed potatoes for our 1-year old and she seemed to like it.  I tried a bite, I mean sip of that and it was softer than soup.  Hopefully they hire a consulting chef and get things right cause I would love to see this space make it.  There are so many greater options in the area, that I really don't see myself going back.
4	As a member of the Arcadia "hood", my friends and I are always anticipating the next big thing to open in the area. We are HUGE fans of The Grind, so we were anxiously awaiting the grand opening of its sister restaurant, Chick. Appropriately named, Chick serves up hands down the best chicken I've had in quite some time. Not only is this a great place to grab some grub with friends or family, but its a great alternative for take out when your looking for something to feed a group, and not wanting to cook it yourself. I highly recommend the mesquite chicken (perfect for sharing) with the mashed potato bar and creamed corn as sides. There are so many choices and options for sauces and sides, and everything can be washed down with a delicious cocktail. I was most impressed by Chick's wine presentation. Everything is chilled to a perfect drinking temperature and they have dozens of choices to select from. The decor is cheeky, and represents the ambience of a barn as the sun is rising. They have old school chandeliers and enough room to seat everything from a party of two to a party of eight, without feeling too crowded, yet it's a quaint space, and don't have an overwhelming amount of tables.All in all, Chick has the potential to fill in a niche in the "hood" that we haven't seen before, and I can't wait to see them grow, all while stuffing myself with their delicious home cooking.
4	I'm not sure why this place has received so many bad reviews?  I went there last night for the first time and had a very pleasant experience.  I had a glass (or two or three) of the Malbec which was excellent and came out perfectly chilled.  I love when places serve chilled red wine! My friend and I shared the bisquit cheese appetizer thingy which was tasty, but the portion size could of been larger.  They were swimming in a delicious cheese sauce that we kept to later use on the Quinoa side.   The Quinoa was FABULOUS!  It was served cold with some sort of fresh herb and had a lemony bite to it.  It was amazing!  We also shared the BBQ Chicken sandwich was was good but nothing that special.The bartender was very nice and engaging too!  I will definitely go back again.
1	Well we read the reviews and decided as they were so mixed to give it a try.  BIG MISTAKE.The staff out numbered the guests...they stood around in a group yelling and laughing with each other, totally oblivious to the noise they were making....all centered around the bar tender.  Needless to say there was no one at the bar.The air conditioner was on, but someone said the door was to be open, so our food was buzzed by flies, throughout our dining experience.Which brings me to the actual food......mashed potatoes, excellent but cold. Cheese biscuits....probably yesterdays or older, reheated to a dry crisp and then allowed to become cold. Now for the chicken......beautifully served, dry as a bone, tasteless, and certainly NOT just removed from a rotisserie. Sauces, watery and quite disgusting.  Service bad (our server smelled of sweat)Plates and silverware very nice!
1	Last week I decided to check out Chick with my buddy on a Wednesday night at 7:30. As fans of the Grind (best burger in town), we decided to give it's avian cousin a shot.It was an epic fail. They ran out of chicken after we ordered our chicken dinners. The manager was apologetic and discounted our bill 20% and comp'd dessert. I'm not sure if that's reparations or not -- I just know that we aren't eager to return. We ordered steak instead. We should have ordered the burger from the Grind next door.The sides of veggies were good, as were the apps.This might seem trivial, but as other reviewers have noted, the menus are a royal pain to read. It feels like a novel and you need elbow leverage to keep it open. Winner winner, steak dinner! Big let down, but hopefully they'll get their act together.
1	I was the friend who dined with Andrew that ngiht he referred to in his review.  Went for some Chicken, placed our orders....had our apps and a glass of wine when it all went downhill.  The manager sat down next to us to break the news..."We are out of chicken!".  He offered us some non-poultry items and we both settled on the Filet. We never would have ordered the Filet, especially at a Chicken joint, but our hands were tied. We should have thought about ordering a burger from thier neighbor, The Grind.  The steak was okay but not what I was looking for. The manager assured us he would work this out on the bill. They got us a dessert and originally only the dessert was comped on the check. We called the manager over and he than took 20% off the bill.  He asked if we were okay with that, but we were not in the mood to haggle.  Truthfully, comping the entire meal would have been appropriate in that situation.  Huge dissapointment and not eager to try thier chicken anymore, especially if it tastes like beef!
5	I didn't check Yelp before deciding to go here, and I'm glad. I may not have given it a chance, and missed out on some delicious dining. There may have been some mistakes made but according to my experience, they have been worked out. My girlfriend learned that she was getting her new job and we had to celebrate. We were going to Chelsea's Kitchen (her favorite) but the thought of the wait or sitting on the patio was a turn off. Driving east on Camelback, I recalled that the Grind opened their new restaurant (finally) called Chick Rotisserie. Mentioning it to her, she was all in. After all, we absolutely love the food and service at the Grind. The restaurant was pretty full but we were seated immediately. The staff was very courteous, and prompt. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and wines. She  helped us decide on the creamed corn and pasta salad to go along with the half Black Truffle Chicken. I wouldn't have chosen those sides had she not recommended them, but oh man, am I glad she did. I got really excited about cream corn! Really??? I've despised it most of my adult life, but here I was really savoring the dish. It was a huge side, in fact, the pasta was huge too, and just as delicious. Now the chicken... we were presented with a half chicken, on the bone. I carved it for my girlfriend and I and as I did, I could tell that this was a very tender, perfectly cooked bird. Don't you hate it when the breast is ruined by overcooking and bring dried out??? Not to worry, the breast was tender and juicy, as was the dark meat.  I will admit I am not the biggest fan of truffles, but it is balanced so well, that I found myself really enjoying the flavor. Thanks Chicks! By the way, these are large birds. We both enjoyed our fill and had plenty of that half chicken to take home. Finally, dessert. I don't normally order dessert, but I know the Grind has those fantastic mini-donuts with the salted butterscotch dip that are addictive as crack, so I saved room. Oh man, Chef Bevin made us a "special" version of their Homemade Chick Cinnamon Bun that he topped with a Grand Marnier icing. It was so decadent! We also got the Peach Cobbler petite pie - this time he topped it off with a peach liquor. I have nut allergies, but I had to try it. It was so rich and comforting. I took my Benadryl and was fine, but it was worth that risk! We took home a to-go box that made for a great lunch the next day. My girlfriend and I had such a fantastic time, we can't wait to go back. This will also go into the lunchtime rotation at work.
5	This is a relatively new place. I was here for the soft opening and was impressed. The place is in full swing now and Courtney said that they are playing around with a half off on TUESDAY concept. I will check in to test the waters,you should as well.
4	Great new addition to the Arcadia neighborhood!  I thoroughly enjoyed my rotisserie chicken with a lemon herb sauce, corn and grilled artichoke.  The option to do tastes of wine is great too...I was able to try a few different wines without having to commit to a full glass.  The bartender was very personable and helpful when making my selections as well.
5	Great concept and service. I don't know why there have been negative reviews. We have been there twice and got takeout once and have been pleased each time. Hope that more people give this place a shot because it is worth it. Great wine selection, too.
5	5 stars all around
3	I had heard great things about this place and was very anxious to try it. The 1/2 chicken was good, but not the greatest, and very expensive for what you end up getting. We decided to try the dessert, a peach cobbler. Epic fail. When the server came over, I told him that it wasnt very good. He stated, oh, ok, I'll let the chef know and the dessert sat on the table for another hour while we talked. The bill came and of course the dessert was still on the bill. I just sat there amazed. I guess I won't be back. Too bad, great atmosphere and the Grind is the bomb, but this is just mediocre.
4	I'm not sure why this place gets such negative reviews. We don't dine in; I carry out. The staff is always friendly and attentive. The food is good. When I know I'm going to be busy, I usually pick up a huge amount of food and my husband eats it over a period of several days. I usually get him: a whole black truffle chicken (w/garlic butter), cheddar biscuits (w/jalapeno cheddar sauce), creamed corn, potato bar (w/roasted garlic, cheddar, and bacon), and fried pickle chips. We're from the south--so we love fried foods, and these pickle chips are almost as good as back home. I'm only giving this restaurant a 4/5 because of the price. A rotisserie chicken from the grocery store or Boston Market is a fraction of the price. However, my husband refuses to eat grocery store or Boston Market rotisserie chicken because their chickens are fattier and have more gristle. Chick is quick and close to our home; so my husband gets food from here every few weeks.
4	Finally had a chance to try this place last night and really enjoyed it!  I'm known for advocating for local ingredients on menus and was thrilled to see mesquite woven into more than one token recipe.  I very much enjoyed the mesquite-laced chicken and dumplings.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I thought the food was a little bit salty.  That may be what helps keep it true to its Southern cooking theme, it's just hard on my body the day after.I will definitely go and try other dishes though, it's good enough to not let that stop me!
4	This is just a partial review because I can't comment on the food- just the wine and ambiance. I went to chick bar on a date for drinks. I really like that they do full and half glasses like they do in Europe.  I like being able to try a bunch of wines without having to have a full glass. Not enough places do this. Teh ambiance is great. The place is super cute. I'll def go back to try the food and update accordingly.
3	I'm kind of disappointed in this place. Not gonna lie. I had really high hopes. Maybe that's my fault. A friend of mine once told me it's better to have lower expectations of people/things so that you're not disappointed. I suppose I should've had lower expectations. The place is super cute and their menu sounds amazing. But execution of it all just didn't come together. I met up with some friends a few weeks ago and was super excited for this place. Mashed potato bar? Um. Count me in! So the friends had already ordered an app by the time I got there - some little balls of sorts. They were delicious. Who doesn't love little balls? For my main entree, I ordered the quarter chicken with truffle marinade or whatever. It comes with two sides so I got the mashed potato side (you get to choose whatever toppings) and I had a the side salad. I didn't specify what kind of meat I wanted the chicken to be so they brought dark. Great! I love dark meat, so juicy and delicious....well not this place. I'm confused. The name of the restaurant is Chick Rotisserie. Two things come to mind - chicken and rotisserie. A. The chicken was flavored alright. Don't waste your money on upgrading to the truffle marinade or whatever...it wasn't that great. B. the chicken was dry! W.T.F. Dry dark-meat roasted chicken? Come on, if that's what you're gonna name your place you had better make some damn good chicken. Nope. Fail. The side salad was womp womp. Warm and wilty....maybe you should put it on a different plate or something because warm salad is gross. The drinks were good - thank goodness. My mashed potatoes were great but my friend's were weird. They tasted lemony or something - we got the same toppings. No reason why it should've tasted different. The place is super cute inside and I might come back and try something else because the chicken was boring and I can buy a whole chicken from the grocery store that's juicier and tastier than what I had at Chick.
4	Holy Yumminess! (If that's not a word I am making it one!)The girls and I had ladies night dinner last week at The Chick. I had never been before so I was excited to check out a new spot!It's located in a great little area, lots of competition though, maybe why it wasn't very busy. Great look, rustic, clean, not too dark, friendly. We started off with the fried pickle chips, because in our group it's just a no brainer. They were very good. They could have stood to have been a bit thicker, but perfectly crispy and the sauce they came with is super good! Then we shared the 1/2 Black Truffle Roast Chicken. Amazing! All entrees come with one sauce and two sides. We are dippers so we up graded to 4 sauces (peach BBQ, true jerk, honey truffle, and jalapeno cheese). The peach BBQ was my fave to go with the chicken! Then we got the quinoa as one side, and the potato bar for our second size. with t he potato bar you get whipped mashed potatoes and then you pick three mix ins, we chose bacon (again, duh!), horseradish and chives. So good. We even had to get a separate order to take home for one of the girls man friend who was at home. All the food was delish!!They even have wine on draft. Awesome concept. Due to the way it is set up the wine stays really well so you can open a $100 bottle and if it sat there for months it would still be good. So this is a great place to be able to get a glass of wine that you wouldn't normally be able to get unless you ordered a bottle. We had a great time and I cant wait to take other back to check it out!
1	Had lunch there today with my daughter, there was us and another table of people in the place.  My daughter ordered the Rotisserie chicken which was dry and not that good.  I had the chicken and dumplings which were Ok, but not great.  We ordered the roasted vegetables and which were a mismash of strange vegetables which I'm pretty sure were steamed not roasted.  I would not recommend this place to any one.
2	I expected better.The ambiance is pleasant.  It's lit well and the furniture is very new.  The booth was comfortable.   The bar appears to be a little dark and moody, but in a sultry way.We were there on the Sunday before Labor Day, around 7 PM and it wasn't busy at all.  Maybe 8 patrons besides us.  We were seated right away in a booth.  The waiter was very quick to take our order and explained the specials.  For the appetizer we ordered the cheese, fruit and crackers.  They "ran out" of crackers and gave us toasted bread soaked in butter instead.  We asked if we could have dry bread instead.  They obliged.  There were 3 pieces of cheese, all of which were the same and brie.  Seriously, please diversify the cheese plate with more than 1 type of cheese.  And have crackers to go with it, since t's on the menu description.My girlfriend and I both ordered a quarter chicken.  I had the true jerk sauce and she had the honey truffle sauce.  The chicken quality was on par with Boston Market or Costco, maybe even fattier.  We were seriously unimpressed.  The sauces were good, but definitely did not blow your socks off.You get to choose two sides along with your chicken.  I had zucchini and whipped potatoes.  The whipped potatoes come with your choice of three ingredients from a list of 12 or so.  Horseradish, garlic and mesquite sour cream were my choices.  The potatoes were excellent, both zesty and filling.Overall, I was unimpressed.  This place is like an upscale Boston Market where the chicken is lower quality and the only improvement is in the quality of the sides.  The sauces are good, but you can do much better.
1	THEY'VE CLOSED. Such a huge disappointment! Made lunch plans with a coworker today who suggested we try it out since we liked The Grind (next door, same owner). The place was empty at 12:45 on a Friday. Glad it wasn't crowded, but it could have been a sign of things to come. We had a pleasant waiter who seemed excited to see us. We started out by ordering the Stuffed Biscuit Bites because the description seemed great: Chorizo, Manchengo Cheese, Garlic Cream Sauce and Herbs. We were told it was taken off the menu because it didn't really taste very good. So we decided to try the Fried Pickle Chips instead. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich with a side of chips and my friend ordered the pulled chicken and a side salad. Let's start with the Fried Pickle Chips. They were terribly sour dill slices, cut way to thick with the batter sliding off each one. Just dreadful. When the sandwiches arrived we were taken aback by how little meat was on each one. At $8 we could have used a few more ounces. It was probably less than 3 oz. of meat. The barbecue chicken was flavorless and oddly textured. The pulled pork was slightly better but very bland. They were both pretty dismal. Luckily, our waiter brought over some Madison's Habenaero sauce by a local bottler. It is very tangy, mildly hot and a bit sweet. If it weren't for this, the sandwiches would have been left uneaten.
5	Just had dinner here for the first time.  Definitely will return as the service, food, decor and ambiance were excellent.  Kids options are great.  Spinach salad and 1/2 black truffle chicken with creamed corn and seasonal veggies were fantastic.  Recommend!
4	Why 4-stars when there are so many mediocre reviews? We went there for lunch today with friends (Saturday). I think they open at 11 or 11:30 and we left a little before 2:00. We were the only ones there??? The service was excellent (the upside of being the only customers). We had the chicken pot pies and the chicken and dumplings. Both were terrific. The wines were great and reasonable. Frankly, I think this place would do better in a different location than a strip mall (parking isn't great) and they changed the name. I told the waiter I was giving them 5-stars but they were out of some of the menu items our friends wanted so I am backing down to 4. You can't sell it if you don't have it. Seems I learned that in business school or somewhere.
1	Sadly, this place went ouf of business. Tried coming the first time before Christmas and they said they were closed for the holidays and tried again tonight and was told from the next door restaurant The Grind, they closed permanently a few weeks back .
2	R.I.P chick. You were decently tasty but wayyyyyyyyyyyyy overpriced. I can't say I am surprised by the closing as the last time we went there we were the only people there at 7 pm on a weeknight...awkward.....
1	I was really excited for this restaurant to open.  It's in the neighborhood and is the same owners as The Grind (which is really good!).  I was very disappointed.  First of all, the wine.  They have a great selection but they charge you for a taste of wine.  It's all calculated by a machine.  If you want a taste, half or full glass, they plug it into a computer and a machine pours the wine.  Call me crazy but I prefer an actual human pouring the wine.That being said, the real problem was the food.  It was bad... Actually awful!  We had the fried pickles (soggy, tasteless) the truffle chicken (forgettable) some peach sauce (strange), biscuits (dry, unpalatable), and peach cobbler. The worst was the cobbler.  First of all, it was NOT a cobbler.  It was a skillet with peaches (un-peeled, half cooked, hard) with granola on top.We spoke with owner and told him our opinions.  He seemed open to them and very receptive.  However, that was three months ago and reading Howard Seftel's review in the Arizona Republic this morning, obviously nothing has changed.
5	Don't understand the negative reviews. Awesome food, great wine list, great atmosphere. We went with a group of 8. The chicken was excellent. Also sampled the pork and it was just as amazing!I would recommend everyone give this place a chance!
