5	This review is for Carmen Carmen at Belk in Northlake Mall.I'm new (relatively) to Charlotte and my first haircut in the queen city did not go well.  In the span of a week I went to three different salons in an attempt to repair said damage...I'm still getting over it.  So fast forward 10 weeks after the hair disaster of 2013 and I needed a cut.  I was gun shy, but my hair was getting out of control.  On a whim I called Carmen Carmen and asked if anyone was available to do a cut that same evening.It was luck/fate, whatever, but I got Meridith.  She was awesome - I'm so pleased with my cut.  She is kooky and weird and does a darn good cut.  She's also at one of the lower price points (score for me!).  Check out Carmen Carmen, you won't be disappointed.ETA - I must have had a brain fart...my stylist is Meridith...she's fab.
5	i cannot say enough fantastic things about the ladies here. all of them! MaryBeth, Luann, Heather, Ashley. These girls turned what could have become a complete disaster into a wonderful, relaxing experience. I'll start at the beginning, though. I made the rash decision to get my eyebrows waxed at the nail spa right outside of Belk's doors (bottom level-don't ever do this). Apparently the wax was too hot. OW. I was BRIGHT RED from eyebrow to eyebrow, kind of like a weird raccoon with little white welts, and on the day of my big 25 birthday celebration. I had scheduled a hair appointment for 3 hours later the same day at this salon, and ashamedly dashed through Belk's trying to find this place. Found it tucked in a corner after several minutes. The ladies there were extremely helpful, understanding and accommodating. Heather (the aesthetician) wasn't there when I first arrived so the ladies at the front desk offered me a cold compress to put over my face to help reduce the redness. After a short time, Heather returned and absolutely came to the rescue. She cooled me down, offered some redness relief and made the whole experience far less painful (both physically and emotionally). All of the ladies really helped me to get to the point of "laughing it off". I hung around for a while after she helped cool my face down, with a bandanna of ice around my lower forehead. Ashley then did my hair and it turned out fantastic- better than what I imagined and my hungover self didn't try to take it out for two days and it still stayed pretty. And boy does she have patience- it was a bun and I counted the bobby pins- a whopping 108 bobby pins. Finally, Luann did my makeup to hide any remaining redness from the bad waxing experience and I looked pretty dern fantastic if I do say so myself. Their whole team is phenomenal. I also went back to Heather for a real facial a couple of weeks ago and it was beyond pleasant- we talked, we laughed and my face felt pretty after weeks of finals and poor skincare regimens. She also gave some really good advice on future skincare regimens. I don't plan to go to another salon/spa for a VERY long time. Phenomenal service ladies! PHENOMENAL!
5	I got the worst haircut of my life shortly after moving to Charlotte. I've never cried about a haircut before, but this one drove me to tears. As it was close to my apartment at the time, I made an appointment at Carmen! Carmen! and got Erin. I don't know how she did it, because it was a HOT mess, but she fixed my hair. She did such a good job that strangers stopped me to tell me how good it looked and ask who did it. The service from everyone at this salon is always wonderful, but Erin is my hair hero!
5	Call before coming in to make an appoinment !  Erin was my stylist and I am so happy with my hair. She took my awfully boring mom hair and transformed it ! I walked out feeling beautiful. Thank you for my new stylish edgy cut .
