3	I asked the waitress how this concept came about, she said the boss is Korean, cooks and likes to play golf... simple as that. I mean, it's a great way to work up an appetite with a bunch of friends, or it's a great one-stop activity and meal location that you can make a night out of. I'm definitely coming back to try the rest of the menu as there are a bunch of things I've never tried, let alone seen on other Korean menus before. In other news, I'm still in the process of conceptualizing a Pho-bubble tea-sushi-Playstation 3 and Scrabble party pack activity fun centre... I don't know how well this idea will pan out, but I'm trying to work balloons and pole-dancers into the mix.
5	Good Korean BBQ Choice. Overall, I think I can say that this is the best Korean BBQ place that I've tried so far in Montreal. Also, if you print out their coupon you get 10% off the bill too. Tell them I sent you ;)
2	Went to Shabu Shabu on Saturday March 9, 2013. Decor is very nice especially when you know St. Jacques Street  being so industrial.  Nice menu, very nice concept, you get a jug of hot tea as soon as you sit down. Lets get to the food, it looks very good, but the looks can be very deceiving. Seven of us ordered food and not one meal was tasty. Service was very poor, one little waitress running around. I think this is more of a golf sim place with a restaurant added on as an after thought and they completely forgot about taste and Korean food is very tasty.They have chicken,  a) chicken wings the two pieces stuck together and b) Chicken this time the wing is cut into two and they charge you $6.00 more. I had an awful spicy soup, but apparently they forgot to add the spice. I had to squirt in tons of hotish chili sauce to make it palatable.Overall food was dismal and I nor anyone in our party will ever be going back. Go and try it, maybe you will like this less than mediocre Korean joint.
4	Korean fried chicken here is so good! Also very family friendly. Recommended, for sure!
5	Best Korean food out there. Eat there once a week at least.  For Koreans who miss the hone style cooking. This does the trick!
5	Not being from Montreal we asked a Korea shop owner where the best Korean BBQ was. She said it was a little out of the way but was the best. She was right. We Loved this place. Took my family here and they all loved it as well. The staff were so friendly and took great care of us. The food was so good. Great meal.
4	A little bit far from the center but the food were delicious the BBQ at the table is fun and lots of side- dishes were free, the staff were nice. Also I saw many Korean clients so if the native people like this restaurant it must because they are good?
4	From the outside it looked like the restaurant was a bit empty, but as we walked in, we realized that it was a really big restaurant, and there were many people eating there.OM-Gosh so much food! My friend wanted to satisfy all her Korean cravings at once, so we ordered like we were a family of 5 (it was just the two of us) but it gave us the opportunity to try a little bit of everything: Kalbi Beef, Bulgogi Beef, KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) done 2 ways, Seafood Pajeon, Banchan that came with the Korean BBQ (I thought the sprouts, potato, and kim chi were delicious), and two bowls of rice. We also had a bottle of Soju (we did a mix with Apple Juice). We found a coupon online for 10% off and ended taking home an extra meal for both of us.  SO FULL. Everything was homey, tasty, their Kalbi beef was different from other places, (not used to the cut but still tasty). Honestly, I've driven by this place probably more than a hundred times and have been intrigued by the whole golf and Korean BBQ thing, but never got the chance to try until last night. I do definitely think it was worth the trip.  Oh and ps. they also do an all you can eat version of the Korean BBQ too.
2	A bit out of the way, but I was craving korean food so I went. The prices are definitely higher than usual for a korean restaurant. The food is sub-par, very bland. I had the pork belly and it didn't even have salt on it. Limited side dishes... Maybe the Shabu Shabu, their speciality, would be better.
4	This place was great, we had ordered fried chicken, bulgogi and yukgaejang. Unfortunately they were both soups, should have ordered one soup so we could have tried different entrees. Service was great, food came to us fairly quickly and waitresses were very friendly. There is korean bbq where you can cook your own meat, it`s at a descent price.Parking is easy to find since it has its own parking lot, it also has a patio which would be nice during the day.
4	This place is dope...I've never tried the screen golf but the food is pretty authentic. I've been a few times and sampled a number of dishes. My two all-time favorites are the fried chicken and a stew called Soondooboo Chigae, which I got with various seafood. The fried chicken is light and not really greasy, it comes with a side of pickled daikon to cut any oiliness. The soondooboo actually refers to the silken tofu in it, the star of the rich, deeply hued, stew with the Korean red pepper base. It contained squid, mussels, clams,  and other things I gobbled up. A tin of rice mixed together, portion by portion, is the best way to eat it. The banchan is good,  I like that their kimchi is not very fermented.Other dishes enjoyed include: the BBQ (beef and pork belly), ttobokki  (spicy rice cakes), bibimbap, teriyaki chicken, sukiyaki, haemul pajeon (seafood pancake), ojingeo bokeum (spicy squid), and tang soo yuk (sweet and sour pork).
