4	This is the best H&M I've been too! This place has three floors that carry things for both boys and girls. The merchandize was well organized, tidy and the store was clean and shiny. There was a variety of things with plenty of sizes for most items. The accessory section for girls was pretty big and tempting. I love their scarves and jewellery!I was able to find pretty cool accessories, sweaters and a cute dress. I find the quality of their clothing to be good, the styles are pretty trendy, and the prices are reasonable.The staff working here was nice. However, I found it a little difficult to ask for help when needed since I really couldn't find anyone working, besides those behind the cash.Overall, this H&M has a good variety of clothes and accessories. Also, the organization of this place makes it easier to browse around and find what you're looking for.
3	This H&M is very large and 3 levels.  It's almost as big as the 3 level one in NYC.  The first 2 floors of the store are for womens and the top floor for mens.  The store is pretty well organized but at the same time a total zoo.  I'm not sure if it's always like this but it was next to impossible to walk through the store without having to maneuver through very long lines waiting for the change rooms, people blocking isles to wade through things or people just sitting around changing.  The store is still pretty cool though and you're bound to find some decent items in here for sure!
5	Huge H&M in the middle of downtown. Very happy it finally came downtown after being in Rockland for so long. H&M has gorgeous stuff and they change their stock fairly often because every time I go I seem to find something else to buy. The beauty of the whole thing is that prices are great for the quality of things they have.
1	One of my favorite spots to shop and usually great staff but yesterday I had a tiff with one of the staff members! Was at the register and while the girl was ringing up the bill I asked politely what the content of the sweater was, stone cold she looks at me and replies, holding the sweater in her hand "I don't know"! I asked if she could please look at the content in the inside of the sweater she was holding, frustrated with attitude directed at someone who had killed your mother, she answers she can't see that small! Not the greatest job for this young girl, Kayla! She should not work in the public if clients seem to be bothering her with question! As it goes, we noticed the gentlemen behind us had an issue as well because he spoke to the manager immediately after we did! H&M, do yourself a favor and relieve her of her misery, she belongs in an office with no client contact whatsoever! My little beef! Cheers
4	This is my go-to place for nearly all my clothing. I am a living, breathing H&M billboard. They are one of the few stores--for men--where nearly all the pieces are fashionable and on trend and the price tag won't knock your socks off. You can easily buy some cute v-necks ($6.95) to layer some of your tops, and their basic underwear/socks are unbeatable for the price. They also have some dressier pieces namely blazers and button-down shirts, skinny dress pants, affordable going-out shoes, ties, and chunky knit sweaters. In the summer this is the best place for slim fit shorts, none of those uber American cargo shorts of which we are all accustomed. The first two levels are womenswear--with trendier stuff on the second level (and dressing rooms). The third level is all men's wear. The latest pieces greet you as soon as you get off the escalator whereas behind you is some of the more casual, streetwear inspired stuff. Think sweatshirts, distressed denim, funky footwear, etc. I tend to say away from this stuff as its a little too Euro trashy for me, but helpful yourself if you're so inclined. The service at this store is hit or miss; some of the associates are cheerful and helpful, while others are just downright M.I.A., they'll ring you through, with barely a word, and you're on your way. I don't like that, I don't necessarily wanna chat your ear off but I do like a little interaction even a 'Salut ca va' every once in a while is sufficient. But, I digress, trendy clothing cheap? And so I can accept less than perfect customer service. The trick to this place: go early on a weekend. Like much of Montreal, this place will not be busy at say 11 AM on a Sunday. Most Montrealers are still sleeping, or brunching, so they won't be standing in line at the H&M. I do not recommend shopping on a Friday, for example, after 6 PM as the store will quite busy, to say the least.  I love you H&M, thanks for spicing up my wardrobe.
5	Frequently changes stock and usually has some great fashionable stuff that is very affordable
3	This location is always crowded, picked clean and the staff members are usually pretty cool, but I have encountered some incompetent ones. Although it is nice when I go on a weekday during the day, then they have lots of things in stock. Sale-wise I have gotten some pretty good deals. So it could vary depending on when you go.
3	this store is a hot mess and by hot mess, i'm talking about that chromeo song. it's a love and hate relationship here.love the inexpensive prices, the many choices and their almost weekly sale or if you are a virgin member, a 365 days, 24/7 year long salehate the store layout, the messy displays, the slim picking, the crowded aisles, the tiny change rooms, the neverending lineup to said rooms as well as the cash registryyou're not paying for quality. don't expect clothes to last more than a year of constant abuse at best.ps. the store is pretty empty before noon. a great time for some peaceful shopping
