4	I have been using them for quick business cards because they're about the same price as Vistaprint, except I can pick them up locally within a day or two of ordering.  Digital prints aren't as high-res as lithographic printing, of course, but I rarely have that kind of time or budget.  For cheap cards fast, I love these guys.
4	Never Late Printing really impressed us. We gave them a pretty big order with a very small window to make it happen. Rob and his team got us ready for our conference within 2 days. While there were some small errors in the final product, they were extremely responsive, attentive and flexible. Despite the few errors, we will definitely do business with these guys again soon!!
1	Unprofessional establishment. Printed the wrong information on my business cards then what I provided for them. I emailed back and forth with Lorena the accountant there. She apologized and informed me corrections would be made and they would reprint them. I showed up to pick up my cards and they printed out the same ones that were incorrect. I will not pay for horrible services. A refund is in order. Horrible place, horrible. I have a big event tonight so it should be fun showing up without my business cards! Enjoy your day yelpers. Lead me to the four stars.
1	A terrible company.. Went to get business cards for my new small business..talked to Travis the graphic designer about what I wanted and he seemed like he was happy to help but now a month later and after multiple calls I have heard no response..should change their name from Never Late to Never Received
5	Never Late Printing saved me! I needed resume paper and retouch... The staff was very friendly and professional. I was in and out within five minutes and on my way for my interview.  I highly recommend Never Late Printing.
1	No ......we never received a quote or even a call back for that matter even after we had left several messages. If they would have gotten back to us like they said then we would have paid the down payment or decided to go elsewhere like we eventually did and never would have written such a negative review. We can not speak  for any one else but in our situation this company was extremely flaky. That's why they get 1 star.
5	WOW what a GREAT company!!!  Ralph came in on the weekend to remedy a miscommunication and completed my order in time for my deadline!!!  If you are in a crunch Never Late Printing can help you out!!!
5	These guys are amazing. In town for trade show a day airline lost our luggage. We called them at 9pm on a Sunday and they were abl the to get us vinyl banners, business cards and posters by the next day. They even found us a place to have last minute shirts and embroidered. The owner himself stayed late so we could pick up extra cards later in the week when we needed to pick them up after hours. Thanks for the incredible service!
1	I called Never Late Printing at 10:30pm and they promised to get our printing job done before 10am.  We emailed updated files before 6am,they opened at 8:30am and no one called or emailed us back... 10am rolls around and the files can't be found... Even though the first girl in the morning told me they were received. Now they sent over a quote and it's twice the price listed on their website with no guarantee of delivery times. Horrible way to start off a convention when you need a last minute print job completed... And it never shows up. Never late? Yeah right...
5	I am only giving Never Late Printing 5 Stars because Yelp doesn't allow me to give them 6 Stars.I have been coming to Vegas for over 10 years for conferences and NLP has been printing our brochures for at least the last 5 or 6.  We are a small company, placing honestly smallish orders, but they provide customer service like we were a big important client.  I've sent them files on a Sunday and they've delivered directly to my hotel the next day.  I believe a few years back they even completed and delivered an order in just a few hours.  And the final product always looks great.The biggest thing that impresses me is NLP does not simply press print and deliver.  On several occasions over the years they have called me to tell me the brochure didn't look quite right after printing.  Rather than waiting until the final product was delivered and we were unhappy, they alerted me and let me fix the issue.  They treated the work as if it were for their own company and conference.  A few times even modifying files for me so the final product was perfect.  You can't ask anything more than that.In my role I deal with a ton of vendors, including several printers around the country.  Never Late Printing is by far the best printer I've worked with and among the best 2 or 3 vendors we work with.
5	If I'm in Vegas I don't think I'll ever go to another printing place besides Never Late Printing! Their friendly professional customer service is 10 stars and very comforting. I came in to get new business cards printed out. The lady in the front desk helped me size my design on to the actual card size, giving suggestions the whole time and really took her time with me. She didn't seem to mind and was very patient. Also Sani, another employer there, helped a lot by recommending the kind of paper I'd want to use for my business cards to help it look it's very best. They have soo many types of extras that'll make your of business cards, banner etc an original: numerous papers to choose from, lifting, embossing, rounded corners etc! Really appreciate this place.
1	Very disappointed. Had a deadline and paid almost three weeks in advance. The "graphic artist" never discussed my idea with me . He waited over a week to contact me and get me a proof . He NEVER personally talked to me until I drove over to the shop. I had to relay messages thru another employee because the artist wouldn't communicate. He was lazy and drew like a kindergartner. The lines of his work didn't even match up, I actually went into the print shop to try and work things out but only ended up more frustrated. The manager or whatever , Ralph , wrote me a nice long email about how much he cared and took pride in the work that they did. So , I fell for it as I thought he was going to be accountable and help get the job done. But no , he thru me right back to Travis who was completely clueless. I was so frustrated because there were only two days before our big event . We are a non profit and have funders coming to see the work we are doing and we wanted a nice banner to help show that we are using their brand. Its not like we were asking for anything extraordinary. I have never in the 12 years I've been communicating to print shops had this problem. We are in housing its not that difficult . I have even used freelance artists from other counties whom I've only communicated thru email and NEVER had an issue . Well, anyway , we were in an emergency and needed to get this done and Travis was useless. Ralph then disappeared and didn't address the other emails we sent after his nice email about how much he wanted to help us. I hired an outside artist and paid even more money for a rush job. We would have never had to be put in this situation if Ralph had done what he promised and taken a more proactive role as he had promised . He then became condescending and acted like a bully. We asked for a refund for the graphic design and he said he never charged one. We sent a copy of the invoice showing a $65 dollar charge and he got mad because we called him out. The accountant did refund it. Bottom line, we had to get stressed out over getting the banner done in time. We had to prepay , because of the rush there are mistakes on the banner. Basically we are the proud owners of a $400 banner we will never use. I would never do business again with these people. Travis is immature and has terrible work ethic. And Ralph pretends like he cares but in the end he will tell you to pound sand. Too bad this local business is not worth wasting your time or money. I feel like they are a day late and a dollar short printing. Terrible customer service , communication and work ethic, follow thru.
5	Rob, Ralph and Sani, all are a pleasure to work with and they make my clients happy! If you're in Vegas use these guys and it will make your life a lot easier!
1	They were cool the first time but i returned and there was a big guy that was very unhelpful and rude so i wont be back.
