4	I grew up in Phoenix and i always remember Big Apple. It was always a place you want to go when your a kid. I went here when i came down to visit. Ive never been at this location before. Its not as cool as the other locations ive been to.I ordered the chicken and ribs. The chicken was so good! The ribs where dry and didnt care for them but i could have ate plenty of more chicken. The lil old lady that helped us was very nice also
3	I have been going to several locations for years for breakfast, I love their chicken fried steak.   Last night was my first time for dinner.  I was seated quickly.  Server showed up within 3 minutes to take my order.  I had my salad about three minutes after that and my burger showed up within 5 minutes of finishing the salad.  I would rate that level of service quite good.  Restaurant was about 1/3 full on a Tuesday 6-7PM with 2 servers waiting on 8-10 tables.  Customers covered all age groups and several tables had 3 generations at them.  Because of the many seniors that go in there this location no longer has wood shavings on the floor.I got the "End of the Trail" burger ($7.79) and it came with a choice of sides (fries, beans, cole slaw....).  I chose a salad, I like not having to add a pile of fries to an already big burger.  The burger was really good save for a bit too much salt and the meat was med-well instead of medium.  Still had stuff running down my arm before I was done.  The bun was toasted, which I like.  This is one of those huge burgers that is held with two hands (it came with 1/2lb meat, tomatoes, lettuce, purple onion, pickles, grilled onions, bacon, mushrooms, 2 kinds of cheese, bbq sauce)and if you put it down once you start it would most likely fall apart.  This is not a place that puts a great deal of emphasis on presentation but for about $2 less than say Red Robin or about $4 less than El Paso for ribs with 2 sides I think it is a good value.
2	The Big Apple has been a tradition in my family for as long as I can remember,  my mom worked there in the 70's and I think that's when it began, but when I was a kid we would always go here for get togethers, and my grandfathers birthday. To honor this tradition, my mom and sister took me here for my first, "welcome home meal" after they picked me up from the airport. What. A. Disappointment.Service was the slowest i've ever encountered! It was 11am on a Wednesday, and the restaurant had maybe 5 other tables full.. Our waitress took forever to greet us and take our drink order. The waitress explained the beers on tap, I went for a Fat Tire, only to find they were out, so I went for a Sam Adams, they were also out.. at this point I just asked her for something wet to sip on...  it took TWENTY minutes to get our drinks.. and we hadn't even put in our food order.. I was ready to leave. I am impatient as it is, but shit, sitting in a plane for 5 hours next to 2 5 year old put me in no mood for BS. I just wanted a beer, and I just wanted a pulled pork sandwich. My mom asked me to settle down and suck it up, so I did. After waiting forever and ever, we finally got our food. The sister got the fried Zucchini, The mom got the Apple spiced pork loin, and I got the BBQ pulled pork. The food was just as I remembered, delicious with a good BBQ flavor. That is the only reason I am giving this place any stars, is because of this fact. I would like to say that I will return, but certainly not to this location. There is no reason to wait almost an hour for food in an empty restaurant.
3	I was looking for a quick good home cooked dessert and stumbled upon this place. It looks like they have several locations in the Phoenix area. They're actually pretty well admired but I assume this is mainly for their dinners. They have an all you can eat rib meal ($14 for the beef, $16 for the pork) which I bet is pretty popular. I wouldn't mind coming back for a regular meal.The apple pie was just alright. My grandmother certainly makes one far far superior. It did however come out in literally less than 2 minutes...warm with a nice scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. It was just nothing special. The crust was okay and the apple filling was just alright. The one good thing about it was that it was not overly sweet. I guess it was acceptable but certainly nothing I would order again.I have photos and a more in depth review on my personal blog.
