4	Sarah did a great job listening to what I wanted and making sure that I was happy with what was being taken off as the cut progressed. She's also good with the conversation and, like another reviewer said, not overly-talkative. I went to the Green Bay location a lot when I was in college, and this place had the exact same great atmosphere and quality of cuts. For only $11 cash ($11.50 credit) you get a cut, wash, shoulder massage, hot towel, some product in your hair (optional), and your own flat screen TV.I give a 4 out of 5 only because it's not a high-end salon with the best stylists in the nation, that is, there are better places out there. You'd be hard-pressed to find a better value than here though.
4	Good place for a guy to get his haircut. Been there several times with a different stylist each time and while my hair can be most difficult they've all done a good job. Knock on wood.
2	I've since changed my mind about going to the Barbershop. The lady that cut my hair here last really didn't seem to know what she was doing.  I finally just gave up and told her it was fine and left just so I could get into another place to get it fixed before Xmas.  The haircut was ragged, crooked and full of lines.  Think I'll just start going back to JC Pennies even thru its more expensive.  Guess you get what you pay for.
5	Been here twice so far. Good haircuts, a warm face towel and quick massage for $11. Very happy going here and will return every six weeks!  Thank you!
1	Remember the old Seinfeld show where Jerry is in the car rental agency and is told that they don't have a car for him even though he has a reservation?  He said "It's easy to take a reservation, the key is to keep the reservation" or words to that effect.  He could have been talking about the Barbershop on Junction Road.  I had haircuts their twice before after making phone reservations.  The wait was short and the haircuts were okay - not great but then the price is pretty reasonable.  Today I called and asked for a reservation late afternoon.  I was set up for 5:00 pm.  When I got there I was asked to sign in and sat down with about six other customers waiting for service.  As these customers were called one after another I finally went up to the desk at 5:25 to ask when I'd be served.  Turns out the employee didn't even know where the reservation list was.  They were just working off the signup list when people walked in.  I was told I'd be next after another walk-in was serviced.  They know how to take a reservation, they just ignore it once taken.  I also note that I've never seen an employee twice in any of my three trips.  The place is obviously high turnover with no interest in providing professional service. I recommend you look elsewhere for a haircut.
1	Not ProfessionalRemember the old Seinfeld show where Jerry is in the car rental agency and is told that they don't have a car for him even though he has a reservation?  He said "It's easy to take a reservation, the key is to keep the reservation" or words to that effect.  He could have been talking about the Barbershop on Junction Road.  I had haircuts their twice before after making phone reservations.  The wait was short and the haircuts were okay - not great but then the price is pretty reasonable.  Recently I called and asked for a reservation late afternoon.  I was set up for 5:00 pm.  When I got there I was asked to sign in and sat down with about six other customers waiting for service.  As these customers were called one after another I finally went up to the desk at 5:25 to ask when I'd be served.  Turns out the employee didn't even know where the reservation list was.  They were just working off the signup list when people walked in.  I was told I'd be next after another walk-in was serviced.  They know how to take a reservation, they just ignore it once taken.  I also note that I've never seen an employee twice in any of my three trips.  The place is obviously high turnover with no interest in providing professional service. I recommend you look elsewhere for a haircut.
5	Ask for Kelly.I've been going here for over a year and have just got my last haircut, since I'm moving to another state in a couple of weeks. The haircut, other services (shampoo, conditioner, shoulder massage, etc.), and customer service were all amazing. I have also never had a problem with the reservations when I call ahead of time, but I think this is influenced a bit by the person you make a reservation with. I have ALWAYS had Kelly cut my hair, since she nailed it the first time and has been able to do the same each time after. She truly cares about the customer and we've always had a great chat every time I go in. If only there's a place like this where I'll be moving to!
5	Courtney is awesome!  She transformed my husband's mid-back length into a short, professional cut, and offered great tips on styling & what to expect in the coming weeks.  She came highly recommended by her coworkers for the job, and I couldn't agree more.Price is also extremely affordable here.  The haircut & shampoo, beard shaping, eyebrow trim, hot towel treatment and shoulder massage together were less than $17.  If I were a guy (or maybe a lady looking for a masculine cut) this is where I'd go.
5	What can you expect for $11? Usually, not much! This place is definitely the exception.  I was visiting from out of town and stopped in for a quick trim. i tried it based on the reviews others have offered here. The woman who cut my hair was very pleasant, she listened to what I wanted and she gave me a great haircut.  I had to wait about 15 minutes because the place was busy and I didn't have an appointment. Haircut followed by hot towel, shampoo and shoulder massage. This is just like Sport Clips offers with the MVP (I did this once) but the haircut was better, the barber more professional and the price tag less.
3	I have had five haircuts here. Three of them were good, one was OK and the third was so bad I might as well have put a cereal bowl over my head and cut it myself. To be fair, they touched it up as quickly and as best they could when I went back the next day. Overall, the service is friendly, you rarely have to wait too long and the shampoo, hot towel and shoulder massage are nice value-adds for a mere $11.
5	Get your hair cut by Bre. She's the most thorough stylist there.
5	Screw it man, I'll give it a five. Courtney rocks. She she tries to give you the best cut she can and isn't just trying to get you in and out of the seat. She's also great to talk to.
5	Wow this place totally rocks. For $11.00 I feel like I am stealing from them.
5	I have to admit, I didn't have very high expectations coming in. But I got a great haircut for $11! The staff are really cool and very experienced (the guy who cut my hair said they don't hire people fresh out of barber school, preferring more experienced employees). Plus, the little massage and hot towel at the end are a great touch. I'll definitely be back. This place is leaps and bounds ahead of the likes of Cost Cutters and Great Clips.
5	Ambiance is great. Price is phenomenal. And the shampoo/massage extras clinch it.Granted, my hair is easy to cut, but I've never been disappointed -- and I've often been pleasantly surprised. Tip well here. They deserve it.
5	This place is great and the staff is really nice as well! They do get busy that's why I'm glad they take appointments as well as walk-ins. Peanuts TV a hot towel on your face and massage plus the haircut all for $11! To good to be true but is true! My barber is shana she does amazing! Everyone else is good as well. These girls work there buts off though so tip well for your haircut they deserve it.
4	Shhh - don't tell Ka (from Dick and Arnie's) that I cheated on him. To be fair, he IS visiting another country right now, so I guess it doesn't count...+ Very easy to schedule an appointment; accommodated me with short notice+ Awesome waiting area - huge flatscreen, comfy couches, big table, lots o magazines+ Quick check-in; sign-in and you're ready to rock+ Lindsey did a great job interpreting my requests+ Cut was over before I knew it, and was well done+ Shampoo, hot towel - definitely a surprise (and enjoyable)+ Shoulder massage - unexpected, and also pleasant+ Incredibly inexpensiveIt is definitely a barbershop, but with some fancier fixins. I wouldn't hesitate to go again, but I'm loyal to Ka, so until he decides to visit his homeland again, it'll probably be a bit before I return.
5	I used to go to a similar place with the same services, but it cost more.  Once my preferred stylist left there, I was a "free agent" and tried out The Barbershop - why not???As far as "bang for your buck" goes, this is the place.  My haircut isn't horribly complex, so paying a bunch for my cut sucks.  The Barbershop does a great job for a great price.  Find a stylist you like and request them next time through (or call head, make an appointment - whatever).  The price is great for the haircut alone, but to get the shampoo, hot towel and a little massage makes it SO worth it.  With the savings each cut, I don't feel like I have to stretch out the time between cuts.
4	$11 Bucks cash. What more do I need to say. This gets you a no appointment/just walk right in haircut, hair wash, hot wet towel on your face & quick shoulder rub. No complaints here.This is my go to place once a month. I've had 4 or 5 different hair stylists now and they all have been equally good. If you go any time after 4pm your going to have to sit and wait 20 minutes or so most days, so I do not recommend this. I'm more of a  sneak away from work for 30 minutes at 10am kind of guy. But if you find yourself waiting to get your cut, they have exceptional leather couches and chairs with unlimited peanuts and coffee to enjoy! Most of the time they also have a TV at each station set to ESPN or whatever you choice to watch during your quick cut.If your looking for a fancy style, special haircut or sorts, this may not be your haircut place of choice. For that reason only I give it a 4 out of 5. But, fortunately for me, I'm a quick run in---just cut it short type of guy.
4	This place is convenient if you're on the far west side. I like that for only $11 you get your hair cut, hot face towel, hair wash, and shoulder massage. Pretty hard to beat that kind of service for the money. I like my hair fairly short for a woman and like that they don't try to femme up my short hair like I've had happen at other hair places. Last time I went I think my hair cutter's name was Lizza and she gave me a nice haircut that did a good job of matching the style of the pictures I brought. I've gone 2-3 times, been happy with the cut and atmosphere, and plan on visiting again!
5	Love this place! I've been coming here for a couple of years and Shana is the best. I don't ever even consider going anywhere else. Great prices, exceptional service, comfortable atmosphere.
1	i dare yourussian roulette for hairhair too simple to be completely wrecked?  you think so?
4	Great first visit and haircut.  Stylist listened well and gave me exact cut I asked for.  Price is also great.
4	Based on my first visit, this place is a solid 4 stars and I will definitely be coming back as I think it has to potential to reach 5. Before the cut: I had made an appointment the week before and arrived about ten minutes before my appointment. I signed in and sat in the waiting area along with about four others who were walk ins. In the waiting area, they have free wi-fi and even peanuts! When my time slot came up, I was promptly called up before the walk ins and was attended to by Jamie. During the cut: After showing her a picture of the kind of hairstyle I wanted, I was turned towards a TV and allowed her to go to work. While I do have a relatively simple hairstyle, I also have an oddly shaped head, so I appreciated that Jamie was attentive and careful with my hair. After an initial cut, I was turned to face the mirror and asked what other adjustments I wanted to be made. Turned towards the TV again, she made the adjustments I asked for and then I was given a nice hair wash with shampoo that made my head feel minty fresh... it was the first time I'd ever had that sensation on my head and I must say I enjoyed it!After the cut: Overall, the cut was the style I was looking for and looked nice but was quite uneven. Jamie asked if everything was to my liking at the end, but I honestly felt bad making her do more adjustments since the haircut is only $11 and had already taken about half an hour. In the future, I will probably ask to face the mirror rather than the TV so I can make requests as my hair is cut to save the barber time. I'm sure Jamie could have smoothed out my hair without a problem.Recommendations to other customers: Schedule an appointment, ask to face the mirror rather than the TV, make your requests known, and tip well!Recommendations to the barber shop: I think you did an amazing job covering all the bases of customer service in a barber shop. A pleasant waiting room, fast and on time service, and $11 cash for a cut and wash is unbeatable. Only suggestion I have is to ask the customer whether they would like to face the TV or mirror in the beginning and if facing the TV, to stop more frequently to ask how the cut is going.
4	Great price. Make sure to get a reservation. Basic haircut includes a lot!
5	Nice cheap place with friendly staff and you certainly you are well looked after! Brilliant!
5	I'm usually pretty apprehensive to try out a new salon or barbershop. With that said, I was very pleasantly surprised. The woman that cut my hair, Falen, was very polite and clearly well-trained. So many times I've been disappointed with my hair cuts at other places, and she did a great job!Thanks again!
5	This is the best haircut for the money in Madison. $12 for a haircut, wash, face towel, and neck message.  Honestly, it is the best haircut for any money based on my experience. I call for an appointment and never have to wait more than 5 minutes.  I have been at least 15 times and have never had a bad experience.  If any of my friends ask me where to get a good haircut I always recommend this place!
5	$12.50 for a quick buzz up? That's a pretty good deal considering all the is involved. No, correction, that is a great deal! I had Duane as my stylist for the day. Being a short haired guy I am pretty easier to cut and maintain. 5 minutes tops but I got so much more then expected. I called and they were able to get me in within the half hour. Once I arrived I was greeted very polity and he seemed really excited that I had not been there before. The haircut itself was good, as I said its just a short hair trim, but I have even seen that screwed up before. The shampooing and scrubbing of the head, which is always the best part, was included. They  also had warm towels they put over your face. After that you get a short neck massage. All of this was $12.50. Yes, I will be back and I will recommended this to friends.
