5	Wow! My wife and I went to the opening night of Everyday Noodles and we are so happy to have this authentic dumpling and noodle restaurant in Squirrel Hill. We tried the Pork Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao; amazing), the veggie dumplings (delicious), the Noodles with Minced Pork Sauce (our favorite of the night), Baby Bok Choy (some of the best I've had), and Sweet Bean Paste Crispy Pancakes for dessert (a wonderful way to end the meal). All this was eaten while watching the chefs make the dumplings and noodles from scratch through the open kitchen. What's really amazing is that on opening night this place was packed! We were lucky and didn't have to wait, but by the time we were finished, there was a line waiting to taste the amazing food. Honestly, if we had to wait, we absolutely would. If you're in the area and you want some hand made delicious dumplings and/or noodles, definitely give this place a try. Oh, they also have ramen-like soups, but we'll have to go again to try those!
5	Soup dumplings in Pittsburgh.   I'm still trying to get my head around it.They are still in soft-opening phase, we went for their second day of lunch service.  Much more organized than most places at this stage - we had good service although the place filled quickly.Soup dumplings were very good, temperature and texture just right.  Hand-pulled noodle soup with wontons was excellent - the noodles stand up against some we had recently in Hong Kong.  Green onion pancake was great - chewy and with the perfect inside texture and salty oniony goodness.Hot tea was kept filled and hot throughout our visit - something I've wished for in Pittsburgh forever.  Overall, super.  Can't wait to go back.
5	We went there Friday night, three days after their grand opening.  The service was attentive and efficient, the decor very comfortable, and the food positively delicious.  Things came out quickly, hot, and delicious.  Better than similar establishments in New York City.   Everything we had was perfect!  We are planning to return regularly!
4	"Whap!!"  This is the sound you"ll hear over and over again as huge ropes of dough are swung and slammed in the kitchen. The show is amazing, but even better: this dough is being turned into some of the best noodles in town. They don't come any fresher.Everyday Noodles only opened a few days ago, but already lines are out the door.  The wait wasn't bad; There are noodles to watch, bubble teas to drink, and a pleasant staff to banter with. It's the sort of menu where you check off your order with a pencil.  Even so, things came out not quite as ordered (shrimp dumplings instead of pork, meat sauce instead of oyster).  But you know what?  It was all delicious so we didn't care.  The five-spice eggplant was particularly good.  We took the micro-managing of our dumplings, by various servers, with a grain of salt. Pittsburgh has been long overdue for a place like this.  Don't miss it.
5	The restaurant only opened on Wednesday and I am ready to add this to my list of favorites. There were 3 of us and we had oxtail soup, pork noodles, Dan Dan noodles, eggplant, bok choy, veggie dumplings, beef and scallion roll and bubble tea. I don't even know how to pick a favorite! The place is cute as can be and it's as much fun to watch them make the food as it is to eat it. The place is busy now so there was a wait to be seated but the food was served very quickly once seated and the service was good. On a street with so many good restaurants this place will do very well.
3	This brand new addition to the Sq Hill Asian eat scene looks great on the outside and inside too.  Clean bright and open California style kitchen where you can watch and hear the staff twist and smack the hell out of noodles.  I loved several dishes including a noodle dish with fresh minced pork and the pork slider on a long steamed bun but the dumplings where just OK and the ox tail soup and hot and sour soup was ho hum.  I do recommend this place but am not as in love as I wish I was.  Warning the eggplant though not bad was a surprise as it is served cold.  The place is clean which gets it points but with all the hoopla and the sight of fresh noodles being made and steaming baskets of dumplings I expected more.  I did like the Jasmine tea and the Sweet Bean Paste rolls for a finish.  Enjoy. FYI it is the first of a chain concept that is operating all over Taiwan, Japan, Hong Kong and Australia.  We are lucky to have the first Everyday Noodle in the West open right here in Pittsburgh.  This is a venture by the owner of China Palace.
5	A hearty 5 stars on many fronts though not every front.  I'm trying not to give these 5-ers out so readily especially since I've been here only once but you can't ignore the quality of the noodles, buns, and "pi" (pea) or wonton skin.  I haven't had any of the broths here yet but every bowl I've seen ordered is returned pretty clean.  I believe Mr. Chang the owner also owns China Palace and Tamari.  If there is such a thing as a noodle snob in Pgh, you should pay this place a visit as it compares closest for me to the la mein of Vancouver, BC or Richmond, BC.  I will return, repeatedly.
4	Four of us checked out Everyday Noodles while they were still in their first week of open doors. We got there early on a Monday for dinner (before 6pm) and by the time we left the line was through the restaurant and out there door. Now for the reasons why:-Braised Beef Noodles Soup: Huge slabs of beef over hand-pulled noodles in a slightly spicy sauce. Noodles were super chewy and heavenly.  Eat this.-Pork & Shrimp Soup dumplings: Certainly the thinnest-skinned soup dumplings in Pittsburgh. They just melt and have that unctuous taste you want.  Eat this. A million times. Came with dispensers of black vinegar (NOM), soy sauce & shredded ginger.-Dan Dan Noodles: Noodles were chewy and delicious, presentation was not as "Sichuan" as it claimed (no peppercorn/numb/tingle flavor, sauce was very peanut buttery and not sesame paste). Skip this.-Tofu Skins & Wood Ears: Great to pass around the table. Make your friend who doesn't like tofu try this, as the skins are meaty & chewy. Wood ears were crispy and great as well. Lightly seasoned and had some loose veggies and goji berries sprinkled around. Try this. -Pan Fried Green Onion Pancake: Thick, bready and crispy on both sides from the griddle. Chewy and heavenly. Eat this.We got to see some of the floor show as a chef spun dough and THWAPPED it on the counter, spinning and beating it into noodles. Decor is awesome, it feels bright and was definitely a fun dinner. Food came out incredibly fast (as it should) in the order it is prepared, (as it should) but that may be new for some Pgh diners. Everyday Noodles combines a menu of hawker-stall Chinese favorites in a fun little space and I'm already plotting the trip back. The name isn't false advertising, I'm thinking about the noodles everyday.
3	The owners are very nice and friendly. I can see that they are really trying to make the business work.I'm personally not a fan of lining up for a popular restaurant. I like places that I can make a reservation and sit in a quiet environment. My husband really wanted to try the place, so we lined up for about 0.5 hrs, which I think it's not worth the time. The food still has a lot of room for improvement.
5	I was predisposed to liking Everyday Noodles based on the cute pun in its name -- in Chinese, the word for "noodles" is a homonym with the word for "face," so a common phrase that means "we see each other ['s face] everyday" sounds the same as "we see noodles everyday."Then I found out that they are going to serve soupy dumplings (xiao long bao; henceforth, XLB for short), which is my absolute favorite comfort food. When I go back to LA or Taiwan, I always make multiple pilgrimages to the mecca of XLBs: Ding Tai Fun (http://www.yelp.com/biz/din-tai-fung-arcadia-5). A good XLB should have a delicately thin but al dente skin; it should be dainty enough that it fits in one bite; and it should, above all, be piping hot (to the point of mouth burning) and bursting with juicy broth. I thought that if Everyday Noodles' XLB is anywhere near half as good as Ding Tai Fun's, I'd be thrilled. Everyday Noodles's XLB is more than half as good as Ding Tai Fun's. I'm willing to bet that in a blind taste test, we'd find Everday and DTF in a statistical tie with 95% confidence.Everyday runs on the same formula as DTF: a glass box kitchen that showcases the chefs making the dumplings in the front; pencils/paper order forms and efficient service, bright and cheerful decor, and sadly, a long long looooooong wait line. DTF is so famous in California that people drive up from San Diego and down from the North to eat there. Waiting for an hour or two (even if you showed up at 5pm on a week night) was just the rite of passage to XLB nirvana. At Everyday Noodles, we waited for 50 minutes, after showing up at 6:45 on a Friday night.  By Pittsburgh standard, this is a bit on the long side, but DTF has trained me to wait it out. In the end, I'm glad our patience was rewarded.Other than the XLBs (both pork and crabmeat&pork), there are also regular dumplings, several noodle dishes, and a few standard Chinese restaurant stuff (stir fry veggies, etc.). Of the two types of XLBs, we liked the pork-only a bit better than the crab/pork mix. The veggie dumplings are also excellent, though not quite at the level of DTF's. For the noodle dishes, we tried both the dan-dan (cold) and the pork sauce (hot). Both are very good (fresh pasta just tastes better), but I'd rather save more room for various dumplings.  We also ordered some Chinese watercress in oyster sauce and an eggplant appetizer (cold); they are fine, but they are common place. Desserts are surprisingly good. Again, eat everything while it's hot!All in all, this is a wonderful new addition to Pittsburgh. It is easily the best Chinese noodle shop this side of the continental US. If not for the (likely to grow) long lines, I really just might go see them everyday.
5	I would give it a 6 if they let me. I have been waiting for them to open and they finally did. My husband and I went in the other day. The place was packed. I don't know how  people decided on price but you pay about $10 to $11 for a noodle soup which I guess it is kind of standard here in Pittsburgh. I had Won ton noodle. It took a little longer. The wonton noodle was an average but their beef soup noodle was a A+ andit is also faster. We will be back to try their steam dumpling. The Roman bar across the street has definitely been impacted by this Everyday noodle's grand opening.
4	At the risk of sounding repetitive, the main allure of this place is the soup dumplings (XLBs) finally making their entrance on the Pittsburgh food scene.  They came out steaming and piping hot - 2 flavors to choose from (pork or pork and crab.)  The homemade, hand-stretched noodles were also excellent and chewy and doughy (with pork sauce on top.)  The ambiance was also very nice with noodle-themed wall decor.  Half of the diners get to watch a good view of the kitchen show, the other half are not so lucky.  Be prepared to hear the details of conversations all around you though.So, if you've been longing to get XLBs in Pittsburgh, go here, and if you have no idea what those are, go here and find out!  Either way you're good!
5	I like it.  I am a fan of soups and dumplings.  I went back two times.  I tried their braised beef soup, soup dumplings, their braised pork with rice dish, and their tapioca milk tea.The braised beef soup was good.  It was a generous portion.  Thick pieces of meat, lots of noodles, and a nice broth.  The broth was light.  It isn't as hearty as Pho.  I don't think I can eat it everyday like I can Pho.  The meat was soft and tasted good.  There are tons of noodles which I didn't finish.  I know everyone makes a big deal about how the noodles are fresh and made everyday.  Eh -- I don't think that's really important.  It is pretty annoying when they are making it and slamming the dough on the table every few minutes.Their dumplings were good.  I tried several different kinds.  They were a little small but I found them to be tasty.Their braised pork with rice was really good.  It had a side of boiled egg and some pickled vegetable.  There was a little too much fat on the pork but I found it delicious.I tried their black tea flavored tapioca milk tea with grass jelly and coconut jelly.  I am pretty disappointed at the taste.  I didn't think it was very good and tasted nothing like tapioca milk tea.  I came here during a Wed and Satruday.  Saturday was super busy.  I don't think I saw my waitress again after the initial ordering.  The Wednesday was slower.  But I had an issue with my drink.  The support staff to the waitress doesn't seem to know what they're doing.  But the waitress was extremely nice.Overall, I did like the food and I do see myself coming back.
3	A friend and I shared the braised beef noodle soup, oxtail noodle soup, and vegetable dumplings. The broth and noodles are excellent, the meat, however is another story. The oxtail was not as tender or as juicy as I expected. The braised beef was flavorful but could have been more tender.Overall, the noodles and broth are among the best I have ever had. This place gets only 3 stars because the meat could be better and the dishes are only moderately priced.Friendly and quick service. Very busy even on an early Thursday evening.
5	I am surprised I liked this place as much as I did. I ordered  vegetable dumplings. the guy next to me suggested I use the large spoon, add a splash of vinegar and a splash of soy sauce and top it with some ginger. I did that and wow I am glad I listened. I don't know much about dumplings really so that is how I end my review.i will go back and try something else real soon.
3	I've been here three times since its opening.Let me start by saying that their wontons, potstickers, and dumplings are all excellent. Great consistency in the dough, good flavor in the filling. Their soup dumplings, especially, are heavenly.And if this were all that they served, I'd be giving a four-star review right now.However, their soups have let me down -- the noodles are certainly adequate (though I would like a bit more chewiness), but the broth in both soups I've been able to sample isn't very flavorful. And my dining companion noted that the braised beef was actually tough in her soup.I will be returning, but I will likely be staying away from the soups.
5	We tried out everyday noodles last night and loved it.   Word has gotten out quickly about this place, and even though it has been open only a few weeks, we had to wait 15 minutes or so.  And, boy was it worth it.  Our table was facing the kitchen and we were amazed and entertained by the guy behind the window making the noodles.  Every batch is made separately and by hand.  The way he flicks the noodles around which result in flat ones or thin round ones was very impressive.More importantly the soupy dumplings, Rolled onion pancakes with beef, and the dan dan noodles were my three favorites.  We had both the pork and pork/carb soupy dumplings.  We couldn't agree which were better - you should have them both!
4	A very enjoyable addition to the dining scene in Squirrel Hill, which has now become the hub for Asian food in the city. The room is very nice (although the tables are quite close to one another), and was quite busy when we were there. The hosts and waiters were very friendly, and came to see us a few times. You can see the staff make the noodles, which is worth watching.The food is tasty. We had the beef tendons noodle soup - the broth was tasty. The tendons were fat - as they should -  and very meaty. Not for every taste, but I liked it. The soup dumplings were good, although I have better ones. The two appetizers - wood ears and tofu skin - and five spice eggplant, were fresh and light. We particularly enjoyed the tofu skin. A wonderful appetizer. The food is a bit americanized - for instance, the szechuan dishes have the right taste, but are not very spicy. But in a good way: this is subtle and tasty.Price-wise, this is also very reasonable. Be ready to wait, however.
4	Overall: I would definitely recommend eating at this restaurant!  The food here is yummy, but a little pricy.!  So far, this is the best place that I have found to eat taiwanese style noodles and xiao long baos!  It is more expensive than in other cities, which have an abundance of these type of restaurants, but it's worth it.I'd recommend ordering:*Beef Noodle Soup*Xiao Long Bao's*Beef Rolls (my favvvvvvvv choice at these types of restaurants, although again, the portion is pretty small at Everyday Noodle)*Zha Jiang mianUsually I like thick noodles, but I think I prefer the thin noodles at Everyday Noodle.I haven't tried the dumplings or bubble tea yet, but I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu.
3	Service was super friendly.  Always a plus in my book.We ordered the potstickers and those are phenomenal.  Dumplings were good, but nothing spectacular.  Also, I ordered a soup, which was absolutely flavorless and quite disappointing.  The noodles were also super doughy.  However, I will definitely go back as I think this place has great potential.
1	I sadly thought my meal was awful here.  I ordered the steamed shrimp dumplings and was sorely disappointed, the shrimp tasted like cheap frozen shrimp farmed in ponds dumped with antibiotics and then treated with bleach after.  I also tried some noodle soup and I wanted to like them but the texture and flavor was off-putting to me.  I expected a lot, $10 for eight tiny dumplings that "tasted" like i could have gotten them frozen in an asian grocery store somewhere wasn't what I expected.  I have only tried two dishes, take this review with a grain of salt, but I am scared to go back and try anything else because i fear it will be a waste of my money on top of experiencing even more disappointment.
2	Everyday Noodles has a lot going for it:  Fast, friendly service, attractive decorations, impeccably clean just renovated interior, reasonable prices and convenient location.  They only have one issue, bland, plain food.  The textures and temperatures were right, but between us, my dinner party tried about a dozen appetizers and entrees and the flavors were consistently very simple and tame.  Plenty of people don't like intense flavors, and this would be perfect for them.  When they go, they'll only spot me at Everyday Noodles if I'm walking by it, on my way to How Lee or the Raman Bar across the street for more flavorful, adventurous fair.
2	Growing up in Pittsburgh, I was really excited for a noodle place.  The food however is over priced for what it is and not very tasty.  I got one thing of xiao long baos (soup dumplings) and it was $10?  I mean.. lets be real here...  I didn't think it was that flavorful. But I guess for Pittsburgh it's ok. I also got the scallion pancake and beef thingy..  Not good either. I would rather spend my $20 somewhere else... The atmosphere is weird.. it's a small place, but you can sit at the "bar" and watch the chef's make the dough/noodles...  They slam the dough really hard onto the counter top so if you're sitting at the bar, just be warned that you'll jump every 10 seconds.
5	Another great addition to the asian food scene in Pittsburgh, which seems to be heating up! My husband and I were so excited in the months leading up to the opening, because I have always lamented the lack of really good, authentic Chinese food in Pittsburgh (although try Sichuan Gourmet for Sichuan food, and Orient Kitchen for Cantonese). When I heard that they had xiao long bao, I knew that I had to come. I've been twice now, and have thoroughly enjoyed myself both times. While the xiao long bao isn't as good as those you might get at Joe Shanghai's in NYC or in LA, it's probably one of the few, if ONLY, places you can get them in Pittsburgh. And for that, I give them immense gratitude for giving me access to one of my favorite things to eat. For this alone, I give them five stars. The potstickers are also very large and tasty. My personal favorite noodle dish is the noodles with minced pork. The noodles are perfectly tender, and every bite is just super tasty. Now, do I think this place is as good as the places in NYC or LA? No. But for Pittsburgh, this is probably the best. So, for example, as some of the other reviewers have mentioned, the braised noodle beef soup could pack a little more punch (in fact, I think Ice Tea Taipei down the street might do a little better in this department. But if you're not familiar with asian food, I think Ice Tea Taipei is kind of hard to navigate). Part of the issue is that they are catering both to people who don't have a lot of experience with Asian cuisine, while also trying to satisfy those of us who have expectations for what they should do or how things should taste. It's a fine line to walk, and I think that they do a good job of it.The service is friendly and fast, and I love the open kitchen. If you don't want to see how your food is made, go somewhere else. But for those of us who want to be in touch with those who produce the meal, the open kitchen gives you a great peek into what goes into each dish. Come and try it!p.s. not super veggie friendly. They do have some options, but they are extremely limited. I hear that they are going to try and change that, but just something to keep in mind.
5	Excellent!! I love the hand-pull noodles and steam dumplings... people there were nice and considerate......highly recommend!
3	Place wasn't to bad ... Ordered the beef noodles soup.. It was made to go and was pretty good... Wish there was more tender beef then chewy unedible  fatty meat... But the beef that i did have was good ... Addin the hot sauce made it alot better as well ... Staff was nice and friendly ...
4	Let's get two things out of the way first:1. This place is by no means cheap. Although not too expensive, still if you are looking for your standard $6 General Tso's, go somewhere else.2. Some food there is not supposed to be too flavorful. If you prefer spicy food, go across the street How Lee.I was really glad to hear the news about the opening of this place with a focus on noodles. This is certainly one thing (among many others) that's been lacking in the scene of Chinese food in Pittsburgh. I went with a friend on a Sunday around 1pm and had to wait for a table for 15-20 minutes. It was certainly crowded. Ordered Xiao Long Bao to share and some noodle bowl with braised beef for myself. I thought the Xiao Long Bao was pretty decent. It wouldn't be too much of a stretch to compare theirs to those from a couple of very good Chinese restaurants in NYC. Noodle bowl was less exciting but still met my expectations. I would certainly go again to try some different stuff. One star docked mostly for being kind of expensive.
3	Jury is still undecided. Jury being me.I reeeeeally wanted to like it. I love noodles, so with noodles in the name, I expected greatness! I was surprised to only see 12 noodle options with many many other food dishes listed on the menu. There were way more options for soup noodles, but not feeling like soup, I went with the "dry" Dan Dan Noodles with shrimp. I will preface this by saying, maybe it's just a certain preparation that I'm not used to, but the peanut sauce tasted vinegary to me. Am I crazy? Maybe. But I swear it had a specific taste I could not get past. I honestly couldn't decide if I liked it or I didn't. I came to that realization three days later after I had eaten the leftovers for that amount of time (yes, they give you THAT MUCH FOOD!). As I said, maybe it's just in the preparation. But I'd like to come back and get some dim sum, or some bubble tea (very limited flavors) or maybe another noodle dish. A girl's gotta do her research, right?!
3	As you can see in the reviews surrounding mine, people come here for the XLB (soup dumplings).  I'm no connoisseur of Chinese food, so here's a brief review of a lay-person eating some Chinese food from this place:Pros:-cool ambience with the lighting and viewable kitchen-solid service -very tasty vegetarian dumplings-apparent availability of XLB soup?Cons:-portion sizes are relatively miniscule given the pricing-food could use some more spice
5	I have been to this location 5 times ,always busy,most of time have to wait 10 to 20 mins to be seated ,but it's worth,I've try different things every time ,with family or friends,very enjoy,ambience,food,especially service,very friendly manager ADY,owner STEVE come to our table every time ,surprise to see negative reviews about this place,overpriced,tasteless,blah ......,I understand the sweat and tears go into making a business ,I've never write a review,just feel like to say something about this place to let people know
5	At last--handmade noodles and I have been reunited!  This place is straight up legit and I think the majority of the Chinese people in Pittsburgh would agree with me.  You can watch the noodles being pulled by hand through a glass wall.  One mark of authenticity is everyone who works there speaks Chinese.  To my delight, they carry quite a few Taiwanese small dishes.  The BEEF NOODLE SOUP with thin noodles---so good!  The beef shank was oh so tender.  I think I ate the bowl dry.  The PORK SLIDER had a bit too much dough for my liking but it is probably the closest I'm going to come to my beloved gua bao of Taipei without having to fly overseas.  I've also had the SOUP DUMPLINGS and they are tasty but not the best thing on the menu for me.  The MILK TEA is pricey at almost 5 DOLLARS each but it is silky smooth and comes with a variety of toppings.  I'd even say it's better than Rose Tea's across the street!The place is PACKED every time I've been there and that says a lot for only being open for a few weeks.  Everyday noodle really does leave me wanting to come back every day!  This place is the perfect addition to Squirrel Hill and a one-of-a-kind restaurant in Pittsburgh.
5	I went here yesterday for the first time.  I told the hostess that this was our first time and she seated us at the table in front of the area where they make the noodles.  It was neat to watch these guys ply their craft. I will agree with some other reviewers that I was expecting there to be more noodle options on the menu since they kind of advertise themselves as having noodles, but after getting past that we dove into the menu to see what we could find.  We started with the onion pancake with sliced beef.  This was amazing.  The dough was flaky, the beef was juicy and tender and the vegetables rolled inside created the perfect combination of taste and texture.  Our second starter was the pork and veggie wontons.  These were tasty and I liked the spicy sauce but I'm not a huge fan of pork wontons so these were the least memorable part of the experience.  For main dishes, my wife got the "dry" hot spicy wonton noodles and I got the "Only Sunday Limited" option of shrimp and loofah soup dumplings.  We both thoroughly enjoyed our dishes.  I got mine because it was on the menu only once a week and I'm glad I did.  Having never had anything like this before, I ordered blindly but figured if they reserve it for only one day a week, it must be special.  And it was.  The loofah soup went perfect with the shrimp and doughy dumpling.  And with a little bit of freshly sliced ginger, these were absolutely delicious.  Although I am not Chinese and so can't comment on the authenticity or how this compares to other people's preparations, I would defintiely recommend trying this restaurant.
3	Like many others have mentioned, this place is basically the Din Tai Fung of Pittsburgh, which in itself is already pretty impressive. Just the fact that you can get Xiao Long Bao in Squirrel Hill is exciting. Overall, the food is pretty good (but not *amazing*), and again, for Pittsburgh, this is a pretty good option for if you're craving Taiwanese food.
3	I was definitely more impressed with the appetizers than the noodle soup dishes. The beef tendon noodle soup was just... ok... The scallion pancakes were really, really good. I think I will go back again to try the soup dumplings and give it another try and order more of their appetizers!
4	I had read a little about this place and was pretty curious to check it out. We are pretty much novices to this style of asian cuisine but here is what we go and our impressions:Pork Belly Sliders - well when I think of sliders I expect them to be really small. The portion was pretty big the issue was we just did not like the spices used to flavor it. It may be just something that you have to like to appreciate - for instance, I really just am not a fan of cilantro and there was a good bit of it on there as well as other spices we did not care for. Wonton dry Noodles - Like others have mentioned - I was expecting a lot more noodle options - perhaps they will be expanding the option but you stick the word noodles in the name of your place and I expect to see more than four options. That said, this was the best thing we ate. The noodles were lovely and I loved the wonton dumplings. I was actually thinking about them the next day and really cannot wait to go back and get more!Scallion pancakes - I have had these at a number of places and really love them. These were not my favorite. In fact, I prefer the ones across the street at rose tree cafe. My husband, however, really enjoyed them. Would I go back? totally and plan to!
3	Had the opportunity to revisit this establishment for Dim Sum with friends.  Once again, great tasting food; however, limited options for Dim Sum, and furthermore, additional limitations for the vegetarians out there.  The dumplings continue to be fantastic.  Also, the boba tea is very unique: being able to add toppings such as red beans, mango or coconut, among a few other choices-different to say the least.  Still wish portion sizes were larger for the price.  I'll probably be back, but I'm not ready to write home about this place, yet.
3	I have not had their food yet (the first few times I visited hoping to get takeout and they were not able to serve takeout yet) but I did get to try the bubble tea. I was happy to see that they have authentic bubble tea plus some interesting add-ons. I tried a black  tea plus coconut jelly and it was quite tasty. Their drinks are pricey, almost $5, but larger than other places that serve bubble tea. And it was tasty for sure!The third time my husband visited to pick me up a bubble tea and they inexplicably added coffee to my black tea and kept insisting that was how it was made, which confused both of us. I asked for a green tea instead and they did replace it (though not happily). This version for some reason had rosewater in it, which also confused both of us.  It was NOT tasty that time, but I'll chalk it up to a new employee or something and likely get tea again in the future.Looking forward to trying the food soon. One thing I did notice was that the sound of them slamming the homemade noodle dough on the marble slab was awfully jarring; I hope it's something that you get used to after being in their for a while! This feature probably makes it not the best place for sleeping infants though.
5	Friend suggested we try everyday noodles and after looking at the menu, was quite intrigued by items such as: oxtail soup, and chicken/beef consomme. Didn't get a chance to try anything too adventurous my first time here, but will in the future. Had wood ears and tofu skins for appetizer, was delicious. Then we shared the vegetable dumplings, which were great with the homemade soy sauce and piping hot when delivered in the steaming basket. Then the soups came. My friend had gotten the dan dan noodles, which were spicy in a great way along with a sesame/oil sauce that he wanted to spoon into his mouth after he finished. I got the Wonton noodle soup which came with freshly wrapped pork/veggie wontons, and the housemade noodles (which were hand spun right in front of us as we got to sit in front of the chef window) that came with a spicy oil sauce. Wonderful. Wait staff was great, and even kindly entertained some questions others would have had trouble with. All in all, great little place in squirrel hill, and right across from Tutti Frutti for dessert.
4	I spent the whole week in Pittsburgh thinking there's no good ethnic food. Then I discovered Squirrel Hills....This restaurant has a very modern vibe. The food however is fairly authentic (hand made noodles, soup dumplings, and other snack type of Chinese food). The food is Taiwanese in style although some dishes have a northern China vibe. - beef noodle soup: good stewed beef, good noodle, soup could've been brothier (just add some juice from the beef stew), I'm also missing pickled veggies Taiwanese style;- soup dumplings: tried the Sunday special seafood ones, very light and delicate tasting, waitress gave us dishes with ginger but no vinegar which is a little odd;- Dan Dan noodle: soupier that what I'm used to, not spicy either, was alright.Overall a pretty great spot, sorry for being picky, I'm just really Chinese lol.
4	This place is a really sweet addition to Pittsburgh's dining options. I thought everything was a cool experience for me because I have honestly never seen anything like this. Since I'm not very familiar with Chinese food like this I had a ton of questions on exactly what I was ordering. The waitstaff were very helpful and introduced us to some great eats. We ordered Wood Ears & Sliced Tofu kin appetizer which was very tasty and an ample size for two, keep this in mind when ordering that the noodles and dumplings are very large portion sizes so don't order too many appetizers or you will have to bring home food, we did.As our main dish we tried the Braised Beef Noodle soup and Dan Dan noodles. The Braised Beef Noodles are in a huge bowl of broth with a ton of noodles. I loved the tenderness and subtle flavoring of the beef that was in the soup. The Dan Dan noodles are "Dry Noodles," but don't let that be misleading you still get a hefty bowl of noodles that are coated in a sauce similar to a peanut sauce with a little bit of kick. I'm a big fan of Bubble Tea, and fortunately it is offered here and have to say that your options to customize your Tea to what you like are available. I have actually never had been offered so many options for my bubble tea.On another note I wasn't sure if they offer forks for us lazy folks, but I suggest taking your time through your meal and sticking to using the chopsticks. I have never  used chopsticks for noodles and it was certainly an experience but fun and made our lunch stretch out a little longer than normal. But if you want a fork I saw some folks using forks on our way out.Another cool thing is the dudes cranking out in- house noodles and dumplings,it sort of reminds me of making taffy. You should Check it out!
3	friends hyped up the place. was pretty happy with my first visit but that was it. the noodles with braised beef is the best noodle dish I've tried on their menu and I prefer the thin round noodles over the flat/wide. the manager/owner is super friendly and cool
4	I love the bubble teas here! They have five flavors and you get to choose two toppings besides bubble. My favorite combination is milk coffee with bubble and caramel pudding! Although I do hope they can provide different sizes like other bubble tea places do. They only have one size and it's really big! .My personal favorite food here is the beef roll, and I will recommend you to try it! The pork soup dumplings are good, not "wow" good but at least tasty enough for me to go back. Small dining area so go there early to avoid long wait!
5	I went here twice in three days.  That's normal, right?On a Saturday, I went in for a little snack to go.  I wanted to check out their Siu Mai (pork dumplings and shrimp) and their potstickers.  Both were amazing.  My wife and kids and I gobbled it up.  The Siu Mai had a balanced seafood and pork flavor.  The potstickers (pork and vegetable) were a perfect crispy texture but not dripping with oil and incredibly tasty.So, on Monday, we ventured back but went for a sit down meal.  Here's what we ended up with:Pork Soup Dumplings ($9)Pork and Vegetable Potstickers ($8)Vegetable Dumplings ($9)Shrimp, Pork and Vegetable Wontons - Szechuan Style ($6)Taiwanese Style Sesame Cold Noodles - ($6)Side of steamed rice - ($2)I thought the veggie dumplings were just meh.  But everything else was just perfect.  Be sure to try the pork soup dumplings and their potstickers!  A real surprise was the Taiwanese sesame cold noodles.  I liked the peanut and vinegar balance.  It's not for everyone but I really enjoyed it.We finished up at $52 with drinks, tax and tip.Service was friendly and attentive.  We were seated in a long bench facing where the dumplings were being made.  Talk about dinner and a show!  This was a ton of fun for the kids and our whole family ate well.  Can't wait to be back again!The only knock about this place - it's too small!  There are only about 36 or so seats in this place and if you don't get there early, you will be waiting for a while.  We got in right as lunch was picking up and no wait for a table.  Others coming in after us were not as lucky - so be aware.
3	Good soup dumpling ,good beef noodle, friendly waitress, but the red oil dumplings taste sweet!? And the Dan Dan noodle is a huge disappointment too.  Clear trans parent glass gives the spatial and cleanliness feeling, but if you look closely, the finger nails of the guys in the kitchen are black!  Debating between 2 and 3 stars .... Decide to give it a 3 because of the service ...
5	Delicious, delicious, delicious!We stopped in this afternoon after going to a birthday party a few stores down the street, and were very pleased we did. Given the positive vibes on this site, we figured it was very much time to dive headfirst into this experience...Owner was on-site today, and despite my feelings about Tamari, this place gave us the exact opposite experience - excellent service, excellent and inspired food, and overall a great quick Sunday family meal.We really enjoyed watching the guys make dumplings and noodles; the open kitchen concept really highlights the culinary virtuosity these guys bring to this place.Our selections really were mostly "dim sum" type things - pork soup dumplings, shrimp with loofah soup dumplings, pork pot stickers, a pan-fried scallion pancake, and an order of cold sesame noodles - for the 2.5 of us (little one was in-tow today...) I was truly taken aback to see how much food that got us (Yes, Rachel C., you hit the nail on the head - we have lots of delicious leftovers now!). All for around $40!Great service - our waiter was efficient and friendly, and even brought out utensils and a bowl for our little one, without us having to ask! Yes, yes, yes... we will be back! (Very soon, I think!) Looking forward to trying other dishes from this rather large and interesting menu!
4	The food  here is okay only because Pittsburgh lacks a lot of really good Chinese restaurants. Place is kind of expensive, especially since the cost of the ingredients they need to make the kind of food they make is pretty cheap. But I guess you can apply that to many of the Chinese restaurants here.Jellyfish Salad - Probably one of my favorite things here. Like the garlicy taste but again really expensive. Don't think the small plate is worth $8.Five spiced Eggplant - Also liked this one. Sauce is kind of ketchupy and vinegary.Braised Beef Noodle Soup - Beef is really delicious, tender, and flavorful. Soup is kind of flavorless. Doesn't have the "Beef Noodle Soup" taste like ones in Taiwan. Had this twice. The first time the noodles were overcooked. Second time they were better and were more QQ.Braised Minced Pork over Rice - Tastes like how I make it except has no ginger or shallot flavor, so pretty good.Dandan noodles - This did not taste good. Was not spicy and tasted like peanut butter and vinegar??Zha jiang mian - My favorite thing there. The sauce and meat are delicious.I never had their Xiao Long Bao, but my sister said the frozen ones you buy at the Asian supermarket taste better.
5	The soup dumplings are unbelievable!  Today we tried the soup dumplings, the shrimp and pork wonton soup, the tofu skins with wood ear mushrooms, and the noodles with minced pork sauce.  The portions are huge, the service is great, and the food is quite good.  The noodles with minced pork sauce is tasty and not over sauced.  I was very, very impressed and will definitely be back.
4	Delicious! The soup dumplings are amazing, the service was great, and the decor is modern. Will definitely be returning.
4	Came here for a big family dinner with 10 people - 8 "young 'uns" and our parents. Between us all we had:* complimentary pickled cucumber ($4) - okay* 2 complimentary wood ears & tofu skins ($5) - really good tofu skins* 1 five spiced eggplant ($5) - eggplant was cooked well but the spicy sauce did nothing for me* 5 pork soup dumplings ($9) - not the best but probably as good as you can get in Pittsburgh, the skin was nice and delicate - a little too delicate at times as it was hard to get out of the steamer without losing the soup, the filling could be more tender though* 2 pork & crab meat soup dumplings ($11) - not worth ordering the crab, just stick to plain * 1 shrimp & loofah soup dumplings ($12) - interesting but again not as good as the plain pork, couldn't really taste the loofah* 2 vegetable dumplings ($9) - really great filling, probably my favorite dumpling* 2 rolled onion pancakes w/ sliced beef ($8) - okay, skip this* 4 pan fried green onion pancake ($6) - meh, skip this* 4 taiwanese style pork belly sliders($6) - everyone raves about this - including my family - but I didn't get it, the pork belly wasn't very tender though the sliders are huge - more like hamburger size* 2 noodles with minced pork sauce (zha zhang mian $7) - my favorite dish of the evening but I would expect as much from a restaurants that touts their hand pulled noodles - noodles were very chewy tasty and excellent* 1 Taiwanese style sesame cold noodles ($6) - didn't like the noodles in this as much* 2 sweet bean paste crispy pancakes ($7) - awesome, I ate a whole plate* complimentary creamy crispy mini bun ($4) - my family liked this but it just wasn't to my tasteMy picks if I were to come back are in ranked order 1) noodles with minced pork sauce (dry noodles), 2) sweet bean paste crispy pancakes (dessert), 3) vegetable dumplings, 4) pork soup dumplings. 4 stars for these dishes. Skip everything else.PS My stepmom advises to skip the soup noodles.
4	The place was busy (but not overcrowded) on a Friday night.My boyfriend and I ordered three dishes to share: Dan Dan Noodles - I get excited every time I see dan dan noodles on a menu. This wasn't like the dan dan noodles I am used to. The sauce had a strong peanut and vinegar taste. It was strange...not bad, but unexpected.Cold Noodles with Chicken - Good but not outstanding.Pork Soup Dumplings - Really tasty! Portions were large. Cost was okay.I want to go back and try the beef tendons!
4	Best place in Pittsburgh for dumplings. They make the dumplings and noodles in house so everything is fresh. Service has been prompt and polite. The only complaint would be that the tables are tiny, which makes it hard when you're ordering more than 3-4 items. So far we have tried the following:Wood ears and tofu skins - pretty good, if you like cold appetizers. They give you a lot, so for two people we couldn't finish it. It does get a bit bland after eating it for a while. Pork soup dumplings - what we come here for, the wrap is perfectly thin enough so you don't get a mouthful of starch, and can actually taste the pork.Shrimp pork wonton noodle soup - wontons good, noodles good, soup is quite flavorless. I had to add a bit of chili oil and dumpling sauce to it. Pork vegetable wontons - 8 wontons on top of spicy bean thread noodles. Pretty good and filling for only $6.Onion pancake with beef - we really liked the flavors and it didn't feel as greasy as some other places. Good amount of crunch to the wrap.Pork belly sliders - a bit disappointing, the pork looked good but all I could taste was the pickled vegetable filling. I was hoping for more of a duck flavored sauce inside, it would have helped with the dryness. The bun is huge, but again disappointing as it was dry and way too bland, missing a little sweetness.Milk tea with boba - I added mango pudding  and red bean to it. The perfectly sweet, chewy boba and the addons really fill you up, great dessert or quick snack on its own. Overall, our goto place when craving some dumplings. A few hits and misses but overall worth it for the consistency, price, and service.
5	Everyday Noodles is probably the best place to enjoy Chinese noodles and wrapped dumpling offerings in Pittsburgh. There is usually a line waiting to be seated, but the clientele, kitchen and service staff moves quickly so the wait is usually not terrible. The service has always been quick and professional.The lamian (handpulled noodles), were cooked perfectly were provided just enough bite. The minced pork sauce noodles are also very flavorful. The shrimp and pork wonton noodle soup is also very good. The pork soup dumplings are very juicy, and the shrimp-pork shaomais offer that nice crunch that you expect from shrimp (although at times you lose the bottom side of the dumpling skin and much of the liquid flavorful goodness in the steamer liner). Portions were generous and the prices are very reasonable.The owner, Michael Chen, can often be spotted in the restaurant and often asked customers whether they enjoyed their meals while removing their empty plates and bowls. I think that is always a good sign for a restaurant.
5	This is probably the best Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Fantastic food all-around.  I've had virtually everything on the menu.  Their soup dumplings are delicious - especially the Sunday Loofah special.  Obviously the noodles are good (I prefer the thin noodles).  And the soups were really really good.Plus the service is great.  Food comes out quick (within 5 minutes) and the staff is helpful, attentive, and nice.  I can't recommend this place more.  Having lived in Pittsburgh for 4 years now, this was the Chinese restaurant that I've been searching for so very glad they opened.
4	I had the golden fried tofu which was really tasty and then I had a chicken dish with cold sesame noodles in peanut sauce with sliced cucumbers which was pretty good too. For my drink I had Taro flavored Bubble Tea with Red Beans and I think diced mango which was very unique tasting and also very good. Unfortunately I had just come back from playing basketball in extreme heat and my system was a little maladjusted. So it may not necessarily be the fault of the establishment that it fell short of 5 stars. However, relatively speaking I still find Raman Bar to be so far the best.The service was friendly and some of the staff even bowed in staying with tradition and authenticity of the culture. I'd like to try this place again next time without preceding it with a rigorous workout in the heat of summer.
2	Price is right, food comes out quickly, perfect for a quick bite--not a place to go for a great meal.  I was disappointed that they did not have many warm chicken or shrimp meals!!  So, I ordered the Szechuan noodles* because I love spicy--they were mildly spicy and broth was really tasty.  Hubby had a beef and rice dish.  He was disappointed because the rice was dry (I gave him some of my sauce).   We also ordered a side of broccoli with pork sauce, tasty but not remarkable.  *Noodles were velvety--that was the best part of the meal.
4	They have interesting setting where you can see the chefs through the window making the dumplings/buns/noodles.They have great bubble tea, best in town I would say.The beef noodle soup is more like noodle beef soup--they give you more beef than noodles...the noodle soup is kind of sweet, not for me...The Taiwanese Gua Bun is pretty good, but a little pricy.
4	Great service, delicious noodles, and a fun atmosphere. The servers were very attentive and personable, and watching the cooks make the noodles was fun.
5	I love Everyday Noodles. They make their noodles from scratch, on the spot, and the broth that comes along is delicious. The beef tendon noodle soup is filling and fresh. Their milk teas are heavenly. Easily the best milk teas I've had so far. If you get a chance, go. It's worth the trip.
4	Excellent flavors at fair prices. Speedy service. Highly recommend.I had no. 41 ($7), a toothsome heap of noodles with minced pork sauce and a nice balance of flavors. The taste was definitely not as salty as other variations I've eaten before. Bonus points.No. 3 ($5), wood ears with tofu skins and cilantro, is a light dish with special flavor. This restaurant is well-managed. The staff really are "in the zone." You really get a sense of how focused the cooks are as you watch them constantly prepare an endless supply of noodles and dumplings by hand behind the counter. Waiters are busy either picking up new orders or delivering checks to customers. They're almost too fast! On the one hand my dishes arrived no more than five minutes after I placed my order.  On the other hand, both plates arrived at the same time. I wish I would have received my "appetizer" first. Some may find the service to be a little curt, but at least you won't feel tempted to over-tip ;)Nevertheless, the food is what really matters for me. I'm determined to eat my way through Everyday Noodles, one blob of dough at a time.
5	We decided to try this place out due to the high ratings and boy are we glad that we did!   We went in on a Saturday night around 8 o'clock and were greeted by a friendly hostess, told the wait was about twenty minutes, not bad at all for a Sat night.  We ordered the Dan Dan noodles, pork soup dumplings, onion pancake, and finished it wish some doughy yolky dessert  all was top notch!  Service was FAST and very friendly.  Will be back again!
5	Everday Noodles is a godsend. The food is fantastic and unlike anything I've ever had before. I had the sesame cold noodles for my entree, which were refreshing on a summer day and were delicious. All of the buns were bizarre but flavorful from the pork belly ones to the two kinds we had for dessert (the 'crispy creamy' and the 'sweet egg yolk'). The server we had was cool and so were the interiors.Oh, I forgot to mention the soup dumplings. I'd never had them before, and I'm in love. Ours were filled with pork and crab. Awesome. Go.
5	Authentic Taiwanese chefs making soup dumplings and noodles- there is nothing like this in Pittsburgh my friends! Every time we go, we get stacks of pork soup dumplings with a pork slider and noodle soup on the side. Servers are nice. The owner is hilarious.
5	I come from Taiwan, the food here really made me think of my hometown. Delicious! We ordered chicken noodle, fried vegetable, soup dumplings and pearl milk tea. The taste was really local and great.Also we met the restaurant owner there. We chat for a while and he was really nice. He asked if the foods are OK and changed a new bubble milk tea for us when he knew we thought the tea was too sweet.Although the prices here are higher than average, I still think it's a really good place to go.
2	This place is like Jekyll and Hyde.  When I ate in, I thought the service was excellent and the foods were excellent.  The portion awesome.  When I went back again but wanted a carryout meat over rice dish- I got a lot of rice with with barely any meat.  And they sent me off with a one chopstick (my fault for not making sure I had a set).  I need two chopsticks to make chopsticks work.  But I guess there wasn't much food to eat and one chopstick would do, cause I tossed most of the generous rice away. I speared the two pieces of scallop sized meat  with my one chopstick.  After two bites, my 11 dollars meal was all gone (still had a lot of rice left though and of course one marinated egg - which was a regular sized boil egg).  Overall, unlikely to be going back for carryout, maybe to eat in.  But for sure I will not risk another take out overly generous white rice.  Carryout rating - 1 starEat In rating - 3 starsAverage - 2 stars
4	Went here for lunch on Sunday.We shared a bunch of dishes to try and get a good idea of their menu and had quite a few leftovers. The pork soup dumplings were very good.  They were delicious and just brothy enough to be savory, but not enough to be too hot to eat or to make a mess of my shirt. Next we tried the pork belly bun.  This was not to my liking.  My husband was a fan, but only towards the bottom of the bun where the sauce was.  Before that it was dry and pretty flavorless.The dan dan noodles had much more sauce and liquid than I expected especially since it is listed under dry noodles.  It was alright, but not great. The pork belly over rice greatly eclipsed the noddles.  The rice was savory and delicious from the pork belly and the addition of the pickled mustard greens.  The pork belly was nicely stewed and a nice unctuous counterpart to the rice.I will definitely return and order more soup dumplings!
4	I was apprehensive about trying Everyday Noodles because the menu did not look vegetarian friendly and sometimes "vegetarian" still means it can contain fish sauce or shrimp paste/powder, plus I don't eat egg and figured the noodles were out....So we called ahead and they told us there were vegetarian options without egg and without fish sauce etc. Looking at the menu, there are very few, almost none, of such options, just one noodle dish labelled vegetarian (cold sesame noodles) - and it was with egg noodles (the server kindly asked the kitchen for me). I was struggling. We were assured that the vegetable dumplings were vegan, so we started with those while further considering entree options. Just when I decided to simply get the dumplings and run, our super helpful server informed us that the Dan Dan noodle dish could be made vegan, less seafood products, and with rice noodles! So we stuck around. The dumplings were absolutely adorable. And delicious! I'm pretty sure they are the best dumplings I've ever had. The filling consisted of shiitake mushrooms, some hearty green (kale?) and lil bits of tofu; very fresh and tasty. We both also very much enjoyed the Dan Dan noodles (I got mine vegan, my partner got them "normal"). I thought the flavors of the dish were masterfully balanced, though I might ask for extra spicy next time. What was lacking in the dish was vegetables! Add some veggies to the dish, and I'd be giving a 5 star review. My most pressing complaint is about the music. With fantastic food, excellent service and a pleasant enough space, they should re-consider their music selections because nobody should ever have to endure the likes of Reba McEntire and Celine Dion while enjoying soothing delights of the east. I'll take the generic Chinese music that you hear in every other Chinese restaurant over the worst songs of the 90s any day, though maybe not everyday.
4	Everyday Noodles was a breath of fresh air for me, coming from a city with very very few authentic AND delicious Chinese restaurants. Except for one entre (the minced pork with noodles, word is that it tasted like liver), we were all very happy with our meals. The potstickers were fantastic, and come out all bunched together - they had been taken straight out of the pan. I had the won ton noodles, which were actually spicy! So happy. I tried the cold sesame noodles with chicken that my friend ordered, and I was almost jealous - peanut/lime/noodle/chicken combo was delicious. Best of all, they make the noodles in front of you! They actually ran out of noodles at one point, so they had two noodle-makers thumping huge ropes of pasta dough on a counter in front of us. Dinner and entertainment, excellent.
4	Upon several recommendations I gave this place a try, and it is (almost) as good as everyone says it is. I ordered soup and a fried tofu appetizer, and was very impressed with the soup, but not so much with the app. A bit bland. But overall I was pleased and definitely would return. Also, watching the noodles being made added to the experience, and is something I haven't seen elsewhere.
3	I hate how they make you sit at a table with strangers. So awkward. The veggie dumplings were yummy though. Everything else was just okay.
4	Get here before dinner gets hopping as the place fills up fast. If not sure, call to see about the wait time.
5	It was my first time with the boyfriend last night and we both loved it. Was so crowded when we came and thought we gonna have to wait awhile but nope, about few mins later they seated us right away! Literally ordered 8 different dishes (no lie!) and finished most of them and just took home some of the leftover shumai. Our server was such a nice guy and he even asked us twice if we're sure about those 8 dishes because thats a lot of food  I enjoyed my time there -- the atmosphere is nice and different. If you're from like CA or something like that dont compare too much. For us here in the burgh its a different style yet reasonable dimsum place. Def gonna come back soon!
5	fantastic! Soup dumplings were incredible. Have been to a few authentic Asian dim sum style restaurants in Toronto Canada and this is up there with them. Highly recommend this place.I liked this place enough to post my 1st review in 4 years of using yelp.
5	As stated, the soup dumplings are amazing. However, everything else we've tried is very good, too. Quick service, reasonable prices, good balance of flavors- just great all around!
4	I first tried Everyday Noodles when they first opened and felt they were just blandly "Every day", but having gone back recently, they have mastered their craft!  Expertly prepared noodles, and the best soup dumplings I've had since Hong Kong.  Expect friendly service, an attractively remodeled modern asian atmosphere, and light, home made, flavorful, authentic, freshly prepared food.  Given all that, why isn't it a 5 that I want to go to "Every day"?  It has fairly limited menu options, and a few of the dishes are a bit timid.  Still all in all, a worthy contender against Squirrel Hill's many excellent asian eateries.  I can't get enough of their soups, noodles, and soup dumplings and I look forward to returning back again in the near future!
4	On this Saturday I went to dine at Everyday Noodles, not for the noodles but for DIM SUM!!! Oh the yummy bunny and dumpling goodness. We ordered big , every inch of surface space on our table was covered with food. We had everything from green tea, to beef and green onion pancakes and sweet egg yolk steam bun and it was all very very very tasty.  Squirrel Hill for me is a neighborhood seldom visited but when I do make the 40 minute bus trek I always find a hidden gem or new development. My two gripes and I will try to keep them  short, my boyfriend's Taiwanese style pork belly slider and our beef and green onion pancakes were COLD burrr, chilly not warm at all and the waiter was a tad to brisk with his intro , snatching the menu away from us before we were fully done examining it. I am fully settled into the Fall semester and have gained a foot hold in my school work and have struck the sweet spot between balancing school work and my job(s) with that being said it is time to get my YELP on again.
4	Okay PGH, this place is legit!  A place where you can get 'la mien' and actually watch them make it?  I hope people in this city realize how privileged they are to have a place exhibiting such craft.  Came here with my colleagues on a Saturday night, after hearing about this place several weeks ago.Food (9.0/10) = Ordered the following dishes:1) Braised beef and tendon noodle soup ($11) = A bowl of harmony created by the right quantity and proportions of fresh noodles, meat, vegetables, and stock.  Noodles were damn good. Beef cooked nicely.  Texture and softness of the tendons done perfectly. 2) Marinated sliced beef shank ($8) = great cold appetizer of thinly sliced beef. 3) Pork and crab meat soup dumplings ($8) = I'm impressed! honestly, was not expecting much since I've had it from it's origin of Shanghai.  8 little dumplings with pork/crab meat, without the overwhelming quantity of soup inside.  A lot of places I've been in the US have thicker dumpling dough.  This restaurant's dumplings have thinner wrapping, which I prefer.4) Taiwanese pork belly slider ($6) = not sure what made this Taiwanese, but what I am sure about is, this pork belly bun is DD - damn delicious.  Pork belly is soft, and cooked long enough so that the fat no longer had the off-putting chewy fat texture.  There is a lot of flavor in the meat.  There is coriander and a crunchy texture as well (ground peanuts?).  What really made this dish stand out was it's size.  I have never seen a pork belly bun this big.  It's slightly larger than the area of my fist (see picture).  I'm impressed.5) Taro milk tea ($4.50 + $0.50 per additional topping) = this was pretty standard in flavor.  There are other flavors offered. You can add toppings like red beans, mung beans, lychee jelly, and grass jelly as well.Service (8.0/10) = service was fast and not overwhelming.  Our waiter was nice.  One thing I noticed and thought was nice is how they asked customers if they have had the soup dumplings before.  Reason?  It can be tricky to properly eat these little treats.  Without care, you risk busting the dumplings and wasting all the soup inside.  Eat too early, and you can potentially burn your tongue, screwing up the rest of your dinner and your tongue's ability to send 'flavor' to your brain the next 24 hours.Ambiance (8.5/10) = I give this a higher score than I usually do, for the ability to watch them make their noodles.  Have you ever tried doing this?  It's hard, and this is why I'm more impressed with finding this place in PGH.  Overall opinion = as I mentioned, this city is privileged to have a restaurant like this.  I only expected to see such places in California, NYC, Boston, or Philadelphia (i.e places with an incredibly high concentration of Chinese).  So why not slap 5 yelp stars on this review?  Well, I've only been here once, and would like to sample other items on their menu.  Second, the prices are slightly higher than what I'm used to paying in cities such as NYC or Philly (pork/crab soup dumplings ~$7-8, la mien noodles $6-8, milk tea ~$3).  Despite the pricing, I'm still going to visit this restaurant again for sure.
3	Everyday Noodles I was not impressed by your noodles!I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles and contrary to other reviews I was not pleased. I had the rice noodles and did not expect peanut butter in my hot noodles.  The menu didn't have any description of the dishes which I thought wasn't very customer friendly, but the service was nice! So I suggest that if you want to get something to ask your server first! The pork dumplings were amazing though, perfectly soupy on the inside and the meat was perfect. They were probably the saving grace of the meal.
3	Its good, and it gets the job done.  I miss Chinese and Taiwanese food so this definitely hit the spot.  But I would normally not be willing to pay what I did for this kind of food.  Granted you can see the chefs making your food and noodles, but still. The food was good, and the service was too, but like I said, that price is not worth it to me.
4	Mmmmmm! Easily the best bubble tea at a decent price. You get two toppings plus tapioca for a large size. Whenever I eat here, I always get one to drink with my meal even if I'm not that hungry.Their pork soup dumplings are wonderfully tasty. They usually give you ginger, soy sauce, vinegar, and hot sauce to pair with them.Another delicious dish to get is the braised beef and tendon noodle soup. The meat is so juicy and tender, and the soup is full of flavor. For noodles, I strongly suggest getting their wide noodles over the thin by the way.There are a few large tables, so it's also a good place for larger parties of 4+ (and as long as you don't go during peak hours you won't have to wait too long for a table).
4	I visited Everyday Noodles for the first time a few days ago and was quite impressed. First of all, the interior is very inviting, with a clear view of the kitchen, tasteful decor, and a cozy seating area. More importantly, the generously-portioned food is fresh, inventive, and of high qualty, especially considering the very low prices. I was especially fond of the pork belly slider. Everyday Noodles figures to become my go-to for Chinese in Squirrel Hill.
5	The pork soup dumplings are the best I've had outside of New York City. Plus you can see them making the noodles through the glass window in the kitchen. I will definitely go back.
5	Maybe the food itself is not 5-star quality per ser, but I just love it when Chinese restaurateurs go a step further to make their diner more unique and less the average American-Chinese restaurant. I enjoyed the overall dining experience: the big kitchen window showing the Chinese chefs making fresh soup dumplings and noodles (very common feature of noodle places in China), the vinegar and ginger slices as side (again, very Chinese), the Chinese characters of "noodles" on the back of their uniforms... The soup dumplings are as authentic as they can get in the States. I also had the pickled cucumber cubes and the wonton in chili oil (Hong You Chao Shou). Both were decent but a little too plain for my taste - after all, both are iconic Sichuan dishes. The chili oil lacks complexity in flavor. The authentic Sichuan chili oil is made with not only chili peppers but also all sorts of spices and herbs, which was absent in their version.
5	Everyday Noodles lives up to its name. If I could afford it, I would be there every night. Along with a noodle dish (I prefer the wide noodles) I particularly love the steamed Chinese watercress with the oyster sauce (vegetarian). But really, you can't go wrong. Everything is perfectly seasoned, no one dish out powers the others. I leave feeling completely satisfied. Also, best bubble tea I've had in Pittsburgh, hands-down.
5	Not much more to be said other then I really enjoy the noodles here.I recommend getting the dumplings with soup in the middle.Service was prompt.  Never had a bad item on the menu.
5	So many people have already posted about the soup dumplings and it's true. They are delicious. We have visited twice and both time have ordered, and eaten, enough food for 4 people. We have tried:Szechuan style wontons- these came with spicy glass noodles as well as the wontons. Very nice with lots of heat Pork vegetable and shrimp pot stickers- I adore that these are steamed and then friend like a pancake and you have to break the pot stickers out. They were yummy and so uniquely presented!Pan fried green onion pancake- Chris wasn't a huge fan. It wasn't something he would order again. Don't get me wrong it wasn't bad, but when everything else is so good you just can't waste stomach room on less than stellar itemsPork soup dumplings- these have a darker soup broth which gives them a completely different flavor than the pork and crab soup dumplings. They are filled with warm soup and really goodPork and shrimp shu mai- these are one of my favorites. Tons of flavor, try them with some red oil.Pork and crab meat soup dumplings- these are hands down one of the top 10 best things I've ever eaten! The broth in these is light and loaded with flavor. I would eat an entire bowl of just the broth! And then you get the awesome meaty filling. Good lord they are divine!We still haven't made it back for a Sunday to try the shrimp with loofah soup dumplings, hopefully soon!
4	XIAO LONG BAO! Freakin' delicious. Rivals the soup dumplings I've had in other major cities.I'm super glad that Pittsburgh is expanding it's Asian food scene...and a legit one at that. The honorable mention: baby bok choy (a tad over cooked, but still delicious), shrimp pot stickers.The noodles- we tried the dan dan noodles, and easily one of the worst representations of its kind.. no joke. Sauce was not tasty and the texture of noodles was a disappointment, especially considering that it's their specialty.Service is fast, but friendly. Space is small and it's meant to fit as much people  as it can. Table are meant to be shared with other parties (the bar-ish seating in front of the open air kitchen), and conversations will not be private. This is just a simple place to enjoy some great dumplings.
3	First off, I'm the type of person who panics when confronted with an unfamiliar menu. Suffice to say that my first glance at the Everyday Noodles menu was anxiety inducing. Somehow, on this of all days, I had a breakthrough and instead of stumbling through my options trying to find the one perfect thing, my wife and I just started ordering stuff. Anything that caught our eye. And it worked. We picked somewhat at random, partially based on descriptions, across different sections and ended up with a satisfying array of options. Plates and bowls of the Taiwanese style Dan Tsu Noodles, Vegetable Dumplings, Pork Wontons, Chicken Soup, and Steamed Broccoli were the end result.The highlights of the day were the Pork Wontons with Mung Bean Noodles and the broth of the Dan Tsu Noodles. I wasn't a huge fan of the Vegetable Dumplings, but I think that was just my personal taste, as my wife did enjoy them.The chicken in the soup wasn't super appetizing, but that may have been our only collective compliant. On the whole, it was a delicious and satisfying experience. There's not much that can beat a warm bowl of noodles on a cold winter day. We will surely be back to explore more of the menu.
3	Eh...on a second go around, I'm not sure how I feel about this place now. I had been lusting for the soup since my last trip and - maybe my expectations were too high - but it disappointed a bit. The broth was bland and it got me thinking whether or not the thing I loved was just the chinese chili oil. I added plenty of that and it was better but I was disappointed that the broth didn't have standalone flavor. I also thought it a bit strange that my boyfriends and my meal didn't come out at all at the same time (I know that sometimes this can't be avoided but its a small complaint). But the biggest thing that bothered me was the noise. There is an open air kitchen which is cool in theory but less cool in reality when the chef is slamming about 3 feet of dough against the table every 5 minutes. It was startlingly loud every time and kind of ruined the feel of this place while this was going on.
4	Get here early because this place is always packed! I love the layout of the restaurant--clean and bright. While waiting, you can watch the chef at work making fresh noodles and wontons through a glass display window. The best part is seeing how your food is made and knowing that it's fresh! I ordered the dry dan tsu noodles. I didn't care much for the meat or vegetables, the noodles itself was phenomenal. You get a choice between small or large noodles. Small looks like spaghetti and large is flat and wide. I got the large noodles and would recommend the large noodles since you'll be able to taste the noodles more (the main part). The sauce and seasoning were average, but the noodles stole the show. Unlike generic noodles that tend to get soggy or rubbery, these special hand tossed noodles from Everyday Noodles have this nice firm and doughy texture. If you are a noodles fan, I highly recommend this place--for both the food and the learning experience.
4	Most of their dishes were really good. Some of their food need more work. Meat dumplings in spicy sauce really need some flavor. Their bubble milk tea with mango pudding was amazing. The custard buns are unique and taste great. All the noodles I tried in this restaurant were great. All their food were pretty traditional and nothing like Panda Express.  I will really recommend it if you are a Real Chinese food fan.
4	I thought were back in Beijing . . . Ginnie and I have something of a  tradition on Christmas Eve , , , a movie and dining out . . . usually Asian. This year it was the Manor in Squirrel Hill to see Philomena . . . Judy Dench still at the top of her game, and Everyday Noodles afterwards.They have been since March, but it has taken us a while to get there. Not sure why we waited so long. The place is a perfect translation of a contemporary noodle shop in Beijing (with some Taiwanese bubble-tea tossed in on the side) to Pittsburgh. Clean, sharp design, open kitchen, fragrant clouds wafting out from the stacked up steamers.It was a very cold night, and we wanted warm and savory. On the menu, Item #42 was Noodles with Minced Pork Sauce. This sounded like one of my favorite Beijing home preparations, Zha jiang mian. I asked our waitress whether this was the dish I was looking for, and, despite my awful pronunciation, she confirmed that it was. It came in minutes and we dug in with gusto. Deep, savory, slightly sweet, a firm foundation based on bean sauce, braised pork and just enough fish stock to deepen the flavor. Slivered cucumbers to balance, and, a surprise, a sprinkling of edamame--a great touch. All over broad wheat noodles. A great start, along with green tea courtesy of Forte.This was a fine beginning, and we decided to finish things off with a scallion pancake, or as the menu describes it #34, Pan Fried Green Onion Pancake. Wow!!; the best I've had since Jinan in Shandong Province, just down the Yellow River from Beijing. Crispy and flaky on the outside, pillowy soft inside, sweet and pungent scallions, piping hot . . . a 10 of 10.So, if you want the best of straight-on Beijing cooking, and don't have 24 hours for a flight to the East, head to Squirrel Hill and Everyday Noodles!
4	My SO and I went last night for dinner. We had the Dan Dan Noodles which I really enjoyed. It had the right amount of vinegar and peanut flavors. We had it with the small noodles.  We had the pork soup dumplings which was amazing as always. The waiter did an awesome job of explaining the proper way to eat them. We had the beef and tendon soup which was supposed to be spicy but wasn't as spicy as we wanted :(.
3	I came here with a couple friends, but we left early due to limited food options. The restaurant is very nice and cozy inside. The staff is attentive, and the jasmine tea was very good. However, everything that looked appealing had pork in it... That's  well and dandy for people that eat pork, but not so good for those that don't. Usually there are choices of meats, but the foods were pre made and the pork could not be extracted. I will probably be back for the jasmine tea and the vegetable dumplings though.
4	Being spoiled by eating dumplings in LA, I was initially hesitant towards a pittsburgh dumpling house. Annnnd that was a stupid human hipster biased thought. Being nudged by a friends recommendation....this place was without a doubt great, you could see the staff making the dumplings, and they were served proper with a smile. The bamboo steam pots were a nice touch as well.
4	Had the pork soup dumplings , vegetable dumplings pork back rice and broccoli.  Definitely worth the visit for the dumplings as many others have noted. Quick and pleasant service.
4	Delicious! Great little place in squirrel hill. Food was great. Soup dumplings=delicious. It's really cool because you can see the chefs make the noodles and dumplings through a glass window-- very interesting process! Would definitely recommend the place.
5	Just tried Everyday Noodles the other night and can't believe I waited so long, this place is really amazing.  First, the Bubble Tea is by far the best I have ever had; I ordered the black milk tea with red bean topping and it was decadent.  Now onto the food selections; we ordered several plates for sharing amongst three people.*Pork Belly Slider- YUM YUM YUM!  This was more like a full size sandwich on a delicious and soft homemade pancake.  The pork belly was prepared perfectly and had just the right amount of fat to add flavor yet not be greasy.  *Dan-Dan noodles- We ordered the wide flour noodles.  The broth was spicy with a touch of sweetness and topped with peanut paste.*Pork Soup Dumplings- Large portion and perfect taste!*Sweet Egg Yolk Steamed Bun-  This was a really good "dessert"!  The buns are  so soft and fresh, but with a duck yolk right in the middle.  The yolk is prepared with honey and vegetable (think of a custard consistency).I suggest trying Everyday Noodles if you're looking for a perfect balance between authentic and Americanized Chinese/Taiwanese food.  Go ahead, step away from the general tsos.
5	Best boba in Pittsburgh!! Love the pork soup dumplings the best, dan dan noodles are delicious and spicy, friends like braised pork noodles (but I'm not a huge fan). Awesome customer service, waiters are all so nice and considerate, owners are really awesome as well.
5	I absolutely like how they make the noodles right in front of you as well as the layout of the restaurant. It's a bit small and crowded but I really like places like that.  The food is great and the portion size was just right. Definitely a place to check out if you are around there.
5	This place is awesome! I love the stuff there especially the noodles with meat sauce! I haven't tried it all, but I think it's all been exceptional! Everything else is pretty tasty, will write more as I try more!
1	So we ordered take out from Everyday Noodles to try it for the first time about two weeks ago.  My wife got flour noodles with chicken and I got rice noodles with beef and we had a side of broccoli.  First off, the noodles weren't bad but the chicken was quite greasy and I was surprised it was on the bone with skin...so it was a lot of work to get to the meat.  The big problem was the broccoli.  We were about halfway through our miniature green trees when my wife noticed something - worms!  YUCK!!  Our cruciferous goodness was ruined!  Probably half the broccoli had worms in it.  Extra protein?  Hmmmm, maybe.  But I called the next day to tell them about it and the woman I spoke to apologized and took my number and said a manager would call me back.  No one ever did.  I was disappointed, to say the least.  We won't be going back to Everyday Noodles.
5	Fresher noodles you may not find in this town, I tried the steamed vegetable dumplings and the chicken noodle soup - loved it! But careful the portions are big but the staff box it nicely and it still that's great next day :)Also the mango bubble tea was tasty.
2	I had heard good things about this place and found that almost none of them are true. I ordered the top three most popular things on the menu: pork soup dumplings, pork belly bun, braised beef noodles. The pork soup dumplings were okay. The pork belly buns were AWFUL, like tasted like a mish-mash of gross shite. And the beef was ok, but the noodles tasted overwhelmingly like dough; totally overpowered the broth and tasted like I was eating raw spaghetti.  Bleh...
5	You simply cannot beat this place. Bang for your buck at its finest with some of best noodle dishes I've ever had. The dumplings are to die for. The Pork Potstickers were so moist and flavorful, best dumplings around. This is a staple for us at least once a month. Be aware that when you dine in there is usually a wait on the weekends and the restaurant does tend to get packed in fast. So we tend to go early or go with their quick pick up.  The best part of this place is that everything noodle wise is made in house. You can watch the cooks making the noodles, and when you have them you can really taste the difference. A well priced one of a kind restaurant.
5	OMG!!! This place is fantastic! We had the pickled cucumber, soup dumplings and pan fried pork dumplings.  They were all awesome! Can't wait to go back and explore more of the menu!
4	As someone who spent a semester in China in college, I can assure you that this place is legit! The food is piping hot and delicious. I love the noodles, but I must say the dumplings are what had me the most excited. The shrimp wontons are just delightful. I also loved the vegetarian dumplings and hope to try the soup dumplings next time. I love watching them make them. It's such an art! The only thing that I wasn't a huge fan of was the chicken soup. The broth was nice but it was pretty much just a boiled chicken wing. I know it's authentic ... just not my favorite thing. I'd also like to go back and visit again with a larger group as the menu is extensive and there are so many other things I would like to try. I'm so glad we have a place like this in Pittsburgh! It's so great to have something so authentic have me feeling like I took a trip to the far East. Give this place a try! You won't regret it.
5	heard about this from a few colleagues and tried it out. we ordered soup dumplings, cold sesame noodles, hot spicy wonton noodles, potstickers, 5 spice eggplant. Def not small portions so I would recommend only ordering a couple of smaller dishes or 1 entree. Our waitress taught us how to eat certain dishes and was super helpful since we def were out of place. Would highly recommend this to others!
5	Came here on vacation with family, this place has lovely seating, very unique. You can watch the chefs making your noodles! I haven't had beef brisket noodle since I was a kid and it's one of my favorite meals, was lucky they serve them here. We also had the bubble tea with pudding crab and regular dumplings and some pancakes rolls. Hand made noodles taste the best~ Will come back again for more gourmet soon~
5	All I can say is GREAT FOOD!! Pork soup dumplings are the best thing ever...the pork belly slider tasted fantastic and the Thai tea is amazing.We have been 4 times is 2 weeks, truly my new favorite
5	These are some seriously addicting soup dumplings. I'm from New York and around the city and in Queens, there are many soup dumpling houses. I've had good, I've had bad, and I've had amazing. These ones are incredible. 5 of us ordered 3 orders of pork soup dumplings, and 2 ordered of crispy mini milk buns. The wait time for the food was practically non-existent. The piping hot dumplings were delivered to our table in no time. The soup inside were delicious, but these were a little delicate. The addition of the chili oil was the icing on the cake. They were perfect, and I had 5 to myself. The crispy mini milk buns were also delicious. They were brought over just as we were finishing our soup dumplings. They were hot and fresh. Eat bite was crispy, sweet, and just heavenly. This place is a serious dim sum contender and everyone should come here and order the entire menu.
4	The beef noodle soup is very good: the noodle is properly hand made to high quality, which gives an enduring texture; soup and beef are very tasty and decent. The Szechuan style dumplings and noodles are not authentic, tasting ok; the noodles tasting more like the Shanghainese cold noodle. The pork soup dumplings have very good skins, but I would say that the meat needs to be more firm and less greasy. Although in general, I am happy to see such quality in a city like Pittsburgh.I guess the restaurant is Taiwanese, so anything close to the Taiwanese cuisine are a lot better than those that are not that close.
3	I had the sesame noodles with chicken it was good, but it had a peanut flavor in it which I didn't care for.  They make all the noodles on site so there really fresh.
5	Everyday Noodles has a stellar menu of noodle goodness. They make their flour noodles in the restaurant which is a great authentic touch. The pork soup dumplings are out of this world and I highly recommend them. Little dough pouches filled with savory broth and pork. It's best eating them with the provided spoon. Poke a little hole in the dumpling to allow some broth to spill into the spoon and slurp it up! I ordered the beef noodle soup and it was a HUGE portion! Tender chunks of beef, a deep and flavorful broth, a chunk of bok choy and plenty of noodles. I had plenty leftover for lunch the next day. I also tried the Dan Da noodles which were spicy and peanuty and an equally large serving size. The cold sesame noodles were refreshing, light and also had a peanuty flavor. They also made for easy leftover since they didn't require any reheating. If you love noodles, you'll LOVE Everyday Noodles!
5	Everyday Noodles is one of those rare restaurants that my picky children love as much as me and my wife. The kids are fascinated by the cooks slamming noodles and hand making dumplings, and they will eat masses of noodles (plain). My wife and I have more adventurous tastes and Everyday Noodles does not disappoint. Our staples are the wide noodles with spicy peanut Dan Dan sauce or with the delicious pork sauce, the soup dumpling (be careful: the soup inside the dumplings comes to the table boiling hot!) We usually add appetizers like the baby bok choy (crisp, vibrant green, with a nice sauce), spicy eggplant (with an satisfying meaty texture), fried tofu nuggets (creamy on the inside, unlike any tofu I ever had), or the onion pancake (savory, tasty). The food comes fresh and fast. We have always had a good experience with the staff, and the chef has come out to chat with us a few times. The word must be spreading about Everyday Noodles because we now expect a wait to be seated.
3	thought the dim sum part of the menu could've been better but I guess not :( my favorite had to be the egg custard buns and the soup dumpling! the pork bun has too much going on and noodles weren't that great, I wouldn't recommend getting it. our waiter was amazing though, very attentive and made sure we got everything we needed!
3	Liked it. Didn't love it. I went with a non-pork / non-spicy eater. There was one thing on the menu. Myself and the third person in the group enjoyed our food, but didn't love it.I'm not sure why this place is marked vegetarian as they told us they use pork brother for almost everything.
5	short and sweet get the soup dumpling thats all that needs said. everytiime i come here its packed
5	I, I just died in your arms tonight ! Every day noodles has me singing 80's love song praises. Squirrel Hill is not my neighborhood so I had to trust the tastes of my friends and I'm glad I did. This joint rocked my world. I was in a group of 11 people so that meant some awesome non committal family style sharing was going on. I personally ordered beef stew/ soup and a pork belly slider and a Thai bubble tea. First off the slider is huge it's a slugger! Slider to me would be those lil tiny hamburgers from that glistening castle in the sky known as White Castle. It comes on a steamed bun amazing. The meat was perfect not greasy and the ground up peanuts gave it a sweet appeal. I also tried the soup dumplings. What magical sacks of flavor are these ????? Give the man or woman who figured out you could steam cook a dumpling with liquid inside a high five. The spicy eggplant tasted savory just like meat, making me reconsider my eating ways til I remembered how good fried chicken is. I tried the fried tofu just meh, baby Bok Choy meh and the cucumber pickle was raw .... My beef soup was ok and I brought it home to my Taiwanese partner who declared it ok to good, but this is a man who eats this stuff in Taipei every year. My son enjoyed his plain wide noodles and all was right with the world.
2	Just had lunch there with the family. We are trying out the Chinese food in Pittsburgh so that the little sister has an idea of what Asian food there is out here. We do not want her deprived now that she is coming out to Pittsburgh. We were at Rose Tea Cafe and saw this place and tried it today. I would highly recommend them!I was thoroughly disappointed. The soups were all bland. Braised beef noodle soup, oxtail noodle soup, lamb... Even the gua bao was terrible. The peanuts overpowered the whole bao. I would not recommend this place...I hope that it was just a bad day or the standards for good Chinese food is low out here.I give it two stars for service and the xiao long bao. Service is quick. The xiao long bao was quite good.
4	Steamed soup dumplings, ground pork broccoli, green onion pancake, and dan dan noodles.  Very authentic and good.  Another great option in squirrel hill.  Highly recommend.
4	This restaurant has very authentic Taiwanese food and reminds me of my grandma's cooking. I am never disappointed by the quality of the hand-made noodles and sauces that come along with all of the variation. One thing I have noticed over the numerous times I've been there is that their soup dumplings have become smaller and smaller in size. The flavor of the soup dumplings is very similar to my favorite soup dumpling restaurant in Asia so I highly recommend this place!
3	Pretty good! I lived in China for three years so I am always looking for some delicious Chinese in the area. I ordered the oxtail noodle soup and it tasted pretty good. Nothing too special, but a solid choice.I love eating jellyfish salad, so I was excited to see it on the menu! It was very average. Texture was amazing though. Gotta love that crunch.Safe bet if you are looking for some tasty Chinese. There are more authentic places in the area though!
4	It was great restaurant. The lamb noodle soup is supper. The soup dumpling is make in the glass kitchen.
5	There is nothing quite like the pork soup dumplings. They are fantastic! My husband orders a batch alone for his meal. The hot and spicy wonton noodles are not for the heat weak minded. I love spicy food, and this satisfies every craving!
4	The wait time wasn't bad. Took about 20 minutes to get a table on a Sunday afternoon. I've heard good stuff about this place. I usually go to sun penang for dim sum but love soup dumplings, something that my place doesn't have. Service was fast and friendly. The owner always came over to joke around with us. The waitress was fast and I like the sheet you fill out with a pencil. I also thought it was cool you could see the cook staff through the window making noodles and wontons. They wear funny masks which I assume is so they don't cough or sneeze on your food. Looks kinda dorky and the running joke was that we were the first people to breathe on our food. The food itself was alright. Pot stickers were my favorite. The watercress was good although I think they fried it instead of steaming it which was different. The soup dumplings loofah were delicious. I really liked how perfectly they came out. I'm a little torn because the minced pork thin noodles and the ox tail soup were kind of bland. Nothing really screamed delicious. You could actually taste the flower which was pretty good but the broth/sauce left more to desire. I'd definitely come back again but stay away from the noodles dishes and get more appetizers/dim sum. Kind of defeats the purpose of calling your restaurant everyday noodles when your side dishes are better than the main meal!!
4	Arrived at 2pm on a Sunday afternoon and were seated right away at the only empty table.  Food arrived very quickly!  We got the pork soup dumplings, pork belly slider, and thin noodles with minced pork sauce.  Dumplings were as good as any I've had in NYC.  The gua bao was huge, but that was the only thing impressive about it.  Noodles were freshly made and tasted great!  I'd want to try the wider noodle next time.  We also got a green milk tea, which was much creamier (and tastier) than across the street.  Would definitely come by if we're in the area again!
4	Second time eating here and it was as great as the first. I tried the beef tendon with my soup and I highly recommend it. Service was also great both times and I again took home food for later because the bowls of soup are massive..
2	This place claims it makes authentic Chinese/Taiwanese style noodle, but it doesn't, the noodle is not springy at all. I also ordered their cucumber appetizer, it's not crispy, not fresh and was prepared and refrigerated. Not recommended at all
4	Love that there is now an authentic noodle house in pittsburgh- definitely reminiscent of the joints I found in Hong Kong. The noodles are made freshly in front of you - and you can taste it! I enjoy the beef soup and the pork noodles - the meat quality is not the best I've ever had, but it is always tasty and acceptable for the price. Some of the preparations haven't been my favorite - the Dan Dan noodles were a little too peanuty for my liking- but definitely have had good experiences overall and go back frequently.
3	I have been hearing about this place from many of my coworkers. They all recommend it but I think if you have had soup dumplings in NYC or California, you might be a little disappointed. But for Pittsburgh, this place is really good. They make fresh noodles on site. I came in and the atmosphere was nice. It's a small restaurant in Squirrel Hill in the busy shopping and food area. The menu was different. You check off what you want and give it to the waitress. I checked off crab and pork soup dumplings, beef and green onion pancake, and a milk green tea with coconut lychee. First came the beef pancake roll. I really was not a fan. It looks very good and I usually do like scallion pancakes. It was very pretty and I'm sure others will like them a lot. Then the soup dumplings came as they normally do in a bamboo steamer. I was a little disappointed that a few of the dumplings had their soup seep out before I even opened the steamer. They provide tongs for those who are unable to pick up the dumplings without popping them with chopsticks. I just used my chopsticks and picked them up into my soup spoon and ate them with a little bit of vinegar. They were a little on the bland side but still pretty yummy. The best part was the bubble tea. I was pleasantly surprised that it was actually milk tea. Other places in Pittsburgh offer bubble tea but they don't actually have tea. The lychee flavor matched perfectly with the tea. The bubbles, however, were mushy with little flavor. I prefer when they are a little bit sweet and cooked firm but not raw and crunchy in the middle. Pittsburgh is sadly lacking in good Asian cuisine so this place is pretty amazing in that sense.
4	I've been here twice, once not long after they opened and once last Dec.  On my first visit, I ordered the dry Dan-Dan noodles, as well as an appetizer of the wood ears and tofu skins to share.  In that appetizer, I enjoyed the tofu skins much more than the wood ears, which surprised me since I'm not a tofu aficionado, but I think it was due to the unique texture (thin and rolled up).  The Dan Dan noodles were okay, but their flavor became a bit monotonous after a bit--the dish could use some variety in flavor.  It's very filling, however, since it's huge; I was only able to eat half, and took the other half home for later consumption (the flavor was just as monotonous the next day).The second time, I ordered the pork and crab meat soup dumplings, per a friend's recommendation.  They were much better than the Dan Dan noodles.  They're little pouches filled with soup, pork, and crab meat.  When I ate them, I felt like they bursted in my mouth with warmth and flavor!  The filling was a bit on the salty side, but was otherwise delicious.  I also ordered the sliced seaweed w/ garlic appetizer, which wasn't very memorable.  My dining partner ordered the Dan Dan noodles, and ended up leaving half of them on his plate when we left, so I guess I'm not the only one who's less-than-enthusiastic about this dish (also, see other reviews).The ambience is interesting--there's always a guy in the front making the noodles, and it's fun to see how they're made.  You order by filling out a slip indicating your selections.  Service has always been fine.
5	Authentic Taiwanese taste with a contemporary atmosphere, you can watch the chefs behind the glass making noodles.  If you request the table for 4 at the noodle window, you can even watch while you eat!  The wait time varies depending on when you go.  Around 3pm on a Sunday, the wait time was about 5 minutes.  Our server was friendly and willing to explain foods on the menu and demonstrate the proper way to eat the soup dumplings.The soup dumplings were excellent!  Served in a bamboo steamer, they made a perfect appetizer for 4, but would also be great alone as a meal for 1!  The pork belly bun was amazing!  Be aware, the meat pieces do have a significant amount of fat on them.  It is for flavor, and you don't have to "chew the fat" if you don't want to!  A huge fan of boba tea, their milk tea was exceptional for its size and price. 16 ounces of goodness.  Adding grass jelly was an added bonus!Also, be aware that the Taiwanese Style Dan Tsu Noodles Soup portion is very large!  It is about 3 times the size of that served in Taiwan.  One bowl is a great size to share with a friend!
1	Almost no options at all for vegetarians, and practically everything has pork in it. This wouldn't be a big issue except that they REFUSE to make any alterations to accommodate their customers, regardless of the reason. They won't add anything or take anything out, which makes no sense at all. I'm not a vegetarian, but I absolutely detest pork, and it is way overused here. Most expensive waste of an experience in a very long time.
5	I dream about the pork and crab soup dumplings and minced pork boy choy. Taiwanese pork belly slider is decent. Can't make a bad choice on the menu. Save room for the crispy creamy mini buns.
5	Always delicious. As a Chinese person, and just moving to Pittsburgh, this place is a gem.  Well worth the 25min drive on a weekday
4	Friendly service, clean and modern interior, good noodles! Dan Dan noodles wasn't spicy enough for my taste but I'm coming back for more.
5	The noodles are fantastic.  Be prepared for a wait to get a seat, but it is worth it.  Watching the noodles made right in front of you was a sight to see.  The soup dumplings were fantastic and the pork and shrimp dumpling soup was also great.  Don't skip on the appetizers as well.  I have not had a bad one yet.
4	Came here for the first time today. I heard that this place was pretty authentic, and it's true! If you've ever been to din tai feng in Taiwan, or any other similar type restaurant it's just like that. The best part, it's in Pittsburgh!Everything ordered was pretty good- dan dan noodles, drunken chicken, watercress, and xiao long bao. If you go for sure order the xiao long bao and a noodle dish. The noodles are made fresh in the window!
5	Yummy noodles and dumplings in Squirrel Hill. So mesmerizing to watch them make the noodles right there. Great tea selection as well.
4	We stopped here for dinner today since we are in town visiting, and I wasn't sure what to expect. When we walked in, there was a window peering into the kitchen where a cook was rolling out the dough (is it called dough?) to make homemade noodles! I instantly got excited. They make all of their noodles in house, fresh.. which I didn't even know. I ordered the oxtail noodle soup and an order of pork soup dumplings to share. The noodle soup had a basic, but flavorful broth and I ordered the thin noodles.. you could tell from the soft, slight chewiness that the noodles were homemade and the oxtail meat was fall-off-the-bone, which is how it should be. It also had a fiew pieces of cooked broccoli, radish, and ginger in it, which was a nice touch.Then there were the soup dumplings... o.m.g. These were the BOMB. They had so much flavor and the dumpling wrapping was delicious as well. The side of fresh, julienned ginger went perfectly with them. To finish off the meal, I had a black milk tea with red beans and grass jelly and it was a-mazing. I could tell it was real tea and not a powder mix.So if you're in town and want to try a unique restaurant, I would definitely go here if you want some authentic Chinese food. The service was also extremely fast.. it came out in a little over 5 minutes of ordering! What?! Now that's some great service.
5	Soup dumplings and green onion pancake are amazing!
5	Hands down the best Chinese/Taiwanese in Pittsburgh. The food reviewer for the Post-Gazette gave this place a 2 star review when it first opened and was promptly castigated by members of the city's Taiwanesecommunity, so that should tell you something. And my parents' house is nearby so I can get delivery when I'm home!The xiao long bao are fantastic. I've never eaten them in a larger city like NYC so I can't compare, but these are juicy with a skin that's just thick enough to hold in all the soup and pork. I like the dan dan noodles, which are peanutty and vinegary, and the minced pork noodles and spicy wonton noodles as well. Oh, and the scallion pancake. Get the scallion pancake. You won't be disappointed.Everyday Noodles can get extremely crowded at lunchtime, especially on weekends when it's populated by students from Oakland. But it's well worth the wait, and it's fun to watch the chefs behind the glass wall wrap xiao long bao and pull noodles at the counter.
5	Since moving from Pittsburgh, we realized how much we miss this place. It was our Saturday morning staple for a long time. The pork soup dumplings, pork vegetable wontons, and boba are still favorites to this day.
4	The noodle was ok, not the best noodles I had, but the xiao long bao was pretty tasty..
4	Stuff is a bit pricey but high quality, fresh ingredients. Terrific place for a lunch. Seems to always be very busy.
5	The food was awesome. It is hands down our favorite place to eat in that area!The portions are huge so be prepared to take some food home!
4	My first night in the new apartment I wasn't about to go buy groceries.  Everyday Noodles was close and pretty cheap, and my roommate was cool with it.  I'm super glad I tried this place out, and I will totally be back.Our server was quick, efficient, and gave me a bunch of recommendations, which was awesome.  She recommended the spicy wonton noodles with flour (thin) noodles.  At $7, this was beyond worth it.  The portion was massive, and the spicy was good but not overwhelming.  I made two and a half meals out of the portion.I also split the vegetable soup dumplings ($9) with my roommate, and I really enjoyed them.  If you're on a budget, they are pricey compared to the portion vs some of the other options.  But I really enjoyed the dumplings so if you aren't counting pennies, definitely try them!This place gets busy, but there is quite a bit of seating packed into the store.  It is rather crowded, but they can't help that their food is good!
3	I came here on my own the other day and was seated very quickly on one of the benches that are perfect for dining on your own or if you prefer not to wait and have 1-2 people with you.  I decided to go with the shrimp and pork wonton soup - which is actually soup as opposed to the other "soup" options which specify "steamed".  And also ordered the hot spicy wonton noodles under the "dry noodles" section of the menu.  On retrospect I should have ordered one or the other because it was wonton overload and generally food overload, I barely made a dent in either and had plenty to take home.  That being said, I enjoyed the soup and was able to eat about 2 of the wontons.  I was imagining a small bowl of soup but this could dish feed a family of 4 or more!I wasn't in to the hot wonton noodle dish.  I got the wide flat noodles (as opposed to the thin rice noodles) so not sure if that made a huge difference because it was the flavor that didn't make me swoon.  You can definitely physically feel the heat of the dish but I didn't think there was much flavor.  I was sweating and my mouth was reacting to the spice but it was spicy hot as opposed to spicy flavorful.  Perhaps the name of the dish makes sense then.I would be curious to go back and try something else.
4	Authentic Taiwanese food in Pittsburgh!! Ordered a sampling of each category on the menu..( but two of the pork soup dumplings) and everything was relish. The soup dumplings were perfect. Thin dough covering a highly seasoned " meatball" of Asian goodness. The spicy wontons were not over the top spicy but just the right amount of heat+ flavor. Noodles perfect texture with sauces that weren't that heavy sweet stuff you get at Chinese restaurants. Im from Nj so Ive eaten Taiwanese in NYC.. And id say this place  can compete.
5	By faaaaarr and away the only place you want to go for dumplings and noodles!  Everything is prepared in house right in front of you!  The soup dumplings are nirvana. If there is one delicacy you have to endulge in when you are in the east side of pgh.... That is it!!!!! MMMMMMMMMMM DDELISHHHH!!!
4	Great atmosphere and great food. This place must be the real deal considering (what seemed like) the entire Taiwanese population of Pittsburgh was eating there. We had the spicy wonton and pork soup dumpling. Both were incredibly good. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
4	I would definitely come here again! Really fun place, unique and great tasting food, and you can see them making the noodles!!!!!WOW the food is impeccable. Everything from the dumplings to the noodles are fresh, flavorful, and served beautifully. Both the cold noodle dishes and hot ones are amazing.  The dumplings burst with flavor and pair amazingly with the thin noodles. I recommend the Sesame Cold Noodles with Chicken and the Hot Spicy Wonton Noodles as entrees -- both are delicious!It is really cool to see the chefs making fresh noodles, nice touch to the place! Awkwardly, the Thai iced tea we ordered was bought from the place next door... Also, I wish they had more choices for protein, particularly the ability to substitute tofu in dishes or swap out pork for chicken. The service is great -- our waiter was always available and routinely provided refills on drinks. Definitely check this place out!!!!!!
4	This place is awesomesauce!  One of the most authentic noodle/dumpling house I've been to since Taiwan.  It's great fun to see the cooks creating the noodles - even though I jumped a few times from all the loud pounding.Kinda surprised that there are no savory bun options on the dim sum menu (I'd love to see some in the future).  But, what they do offer is delectable.  Definitely try the soup dumplings!  If you've never had them, make sure to ask your waitress how to eat them.  It's also wonderful to find a place that serves varieties of bubble milk tea with your food (though I hope to see fruit bubble teas and ice blended versions eventually).  This restaurant would be getting 5 stars, except the prices are pretty hefty.  It's understandable, what with the location and lack of competition.  However, most items are $2-$3 more than you'd pay at any other noodle house in Philly or NYC.  We might all be paying for the "noodle show", which I can understand.  Also, some people mention huge portions; We didn't experience that.  Still, the quality is certainly there!
5	Freshly made noodles and soup dumplings - all are so so good. My favorites are the beef noodle soup, oxtail noodle soup, and dan dan noodles. We usually get some with wide noodles, some with thin noodles. The soup dumplings are great too - my favorite is the shrimp and pork. I haven't made it out on a Sunday yet to try the sponge gourd/loofah and shrimp (only available Sundays), which is my favorite at Din Tai Fung. Pork Belly Slider (gua bao) is good too - it's huge, so you can share it. Bubble tea is good - they have a more fragrant milk tea here. Busy busy busy! But if you're willing to share a table, you can get one faster.
5	Awesome noodle soups. Easy to share or have leftovers. The dim sum is a nice variety. Had the scallion pancakes. Very tasty. You must try the soup dumplings. Wow! These are little pockets of heaven. I can't wait to go here on the coldest day to slurp up a few those little devils.
4	A solid 4. The food was great but every dish had a little bit they could improve on. We ordered the pork belly in a bao, pork soup dumplings, the shrimp and pork wontons, noodles with their peanut sauce, and their bubble teas. The wontons are made fresh and they're yummy. We saw the lady wrapping it at the table. The pork belly had the authentic flavors but the pork was dry and they used way too much parsley. The soup dumplings were yummy but they should have left the steamer lid on. They got cold very fast. The noodles with peanut sauce was very rich and savory. We had it with the thick noodles. The bubble tea is pretty close to authentic. It taste better than a lot of places I've tried and you can taste the real tea flavor. The service was a little slow. We sat down and we're ignored for about ten mins. No water. No greeting. Nothing. Overall a nice place. A little pricey but the food was yummy.
4	This place is definitely about the noodles, and they are definitely first class.  The dumplings are also excellent.  What everyone should realize is Everyday Noodles is Taiwanese cuisine, so although it may not meet your expectations, if you are open to discovering what they have to offer on their own terms, you will be pleasantly surprised.My waiter was extremely helpful in guiding me through the menu and suggesting dishes that would appeal to me.The portions are generous, and the noodles are comfort food heaven.I love the decor, it's rather sophisticated and well designed.  This place is a great find.I'm ending with a tip.  Try the Sweet Egg Yolk Steamed Bun.  It comes with 3 steamed buns, so very appropriate for sharing, and oh so delicious!
4	I have stopped by here twice now, most recently this afternoon with my father for lunch.  The inside of this restaurant is modern and clean with some nice soothing colors.  My favorite part of the restaurant is the big clear window that allows you to see the chef making the fresh noodles and the tables in front of it which position you for the perfect view of it.For my lunch entree, I decided to go with the pickled mustard green with pork noodle soup while my father went with the chicken noodle soup.  We both chose to have our soup with thin flour noodles when given the option between rice noodles and thick or thin flour noodles.  Besides the soups we also decided to go with a dry noodle and decided to split the hot and spicy wonton noodles which I had on my first visit.  The hot and spicy wonton noodles came out first and was a bowl of noodles topped with six wontons and a spicy sauce.  The noodles had a springy texture and were nice to eat while the wontons tasted nicely as well.  While both of those components were good I think that the spicy sauce really made the dish.  As my dad said, "the more that I eat of the dish, the spicier it gets"  which I agreed with and loved.  After we were finished with the dry noodles our noodle soups came out next.  The bowls are quite large and could easily be a meal themselves.  The broth of mine had a good flavor and while the pork didn't do too much for me, I loved the sourness of the pickled mustard greens.  Whenever I got some I felt like it balanced out the soup perfectly.  Much like the dry noodles I thought that the noodles of my soup had some great texture with a bit of springiness.  My dad was also happy with his soup of which the protein consisted of four pieces of skin on-bone in chicken which he thought was flavorful.The bottom line for me is that we will definitely be back here again in the future.  I love that this place has great flavors and is reasonably priced and I could see it being the perfect dining spot on a cold Pittsburgh day.
5	This noodle restaurant is in my opinion, one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. Positives:-absolutely delicious food-fresh hand made noodles-fast and courteous service-don't know where else to get such awesome soup dumplings-best bubble tea in Pittsburgh-fun and unique dessertsNegatives:-smaller space so it gets crowded very easily-a bit on the pricier side, expect to spend around $20 for an entree, app and drink and $9-11 for just entree-long waits during prime time-not vegetarian or vegan friendly and not for people who don't eat pork (sorry!)Recommend:-any of the bubble teas, I usually get the milk green tea-soup dumplings are a must-my favorite noodles are the sesame cold noodles with chicken-if you're feeling adventurous, try the wood ears and tofu skins as an app-potstickers are a classic and super crispy-the braised beef noodle soup is very authentic and delicious. Also a large portion-try one of the desserts, you won't be disappointed-my personal favorite is the sweet egg yolk steamed bun, which has a gooey inner sweet filling and a fluffy outer bun shell
4	Broth was the bomb- beef tender and homemade noodles- thin or wide were perfect. Packed with Asian folks so you know you are in the right place.
5	Everyday Noodles is my favorite place to eat in Squirrel Hill. Service has been great and the food is amazingly good! The soup dumplings and pot stickers are my favorite. I do wish they served alcohol but its BYOB if you'd like some wine with your meal. Highly recommend!
2	I like their soup dumplings, but their noodle soup is so so. The noodles are ok but the broth doesn't have much depth and their braised beef isn't very flavorful. Their chili oil is little too cooked for my taste. I will still go here for dumplings but not for noodle soups.
4	I am really torn between a 3 and 4 star review, but I don't think it deserves a 3...So maybe a 3.5... I really enjoyed coming here. It had a nice atmosphere and they have it set-up where you can watch the chefs crank out the noodles. We ordered the soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, and a pork belly 'slider'. I put Slider in quotes because the thing was quite massive...even between us two it was a struggle to eat it, but it was very good, as well as the pork buns. My only gripe was the soup dumplings were a bit of a letdown. While I though the texture and meat were nice, the broth was not good, at times tasting like dirty meat water or something.. (Don't ask me how I would even know what that tastes like) I was expected much more from the dumplings, and was a bit let down. Overall I still enjoyed coming here, and I think i would give them another chance if given the opportunity
5	I tried Everyday Noodles on a visit to Pittsburgh, having graduated from CMU 8 years ago. Nothing this authentic existed in the city back then, and I shudder to think  how much weight I would have gained if it had opened prior to 2006. The soup dumplings were small, but delicious; the skins were nice and thin. The braised beef was tender and the noodle soup broth flavorful. Amazing. I wish I lived closer; I'd come all the time if I weren't 4 hours away.
5	Soup dumplings. Nuff said.And if soup dumplings in the middle of Pittsburgh isn't enough to sell you, they also have chefs hand pulling the noodles right in front of you.
4	I went with my husband (CM student ) for the first time today, I really liked, the hubby just "liked". We ordered the braised beef over rice and the steamed vegetable dumplings. The dumplings were very good - especially with chili paste (you'll have to ask for this on the side). The braised beef dish was also very good - the texture of the meat was perfect, the flavors - complex. There is one major flaw with the meat dish and that is that there was a substantial amount of fat. About one-fourth of the beef was  fat. Seemed wasteful as we didn't eat it and I wasn't too happy about the owner's cutting corners that way. But - I did really enjoy my meal at Everyday Noodles, and if you order veggie - there's no going wrong.
5	Service was great, dumplings were delicious. Everything was delicious and i will definitely be coming back.
5	Amazing hand-made noodles. Noodles are made right in front of you.  Soup dumplings are special. A must for those visiting Sq. Hill.
4	One of the better shao long bao in the states.  The onion pancakes and pan fried pork buns are done perfect.  The beef noodle soup was good.   Nice little gem in Pittsburgh
4	Really like the restaurant because their food is really similar to the authentic Taiwanese food! We order the chicken soup and it was my fav! The bubble tea with grass jelly was really good too. We got a seat By the kitchen and the chef was making the noodle right Infornt of us which was pretty cool. The food over all was pretty good. I willl definitely come back again:)
4	Who doesn't love Everyday Noodles? Pretty much everything is good here. And, it's BYOB :) the spicy wonton noodles is my fav.
4	Loved this place. Decent prices and good food. Really like how I can see the guys making the dumplings!
5	As far as I know, the only place in Pittsburgh that offers hand-pulled noodles (pulled right in front of you!) and soup dumplings, both of which are amazingly delectable. Heck, this restaurant is likely the only location in this side of Pennsylvania doing what they are doing!
4	Never did I think I'd ever see a CLEAN Chinese restaurant in the USA with delicious food and fair prices! This place is the best! It's a modern Chinese restaurant with some very traditional and authentic Chinese food. I ordered the pork soup dumplings for my main dish. The first bite into it brought me back to my childhood in China :) the wrapping is chewy, the filling is savory and the soup is just mouth watering delicious! I also ordered the regular green milk tea. It was a little expensive ($4.50) but I thought I'd give it a try! I was very disappointed with it at first because the tea was absolutely tasteless. My friend got the black milk tea, and she said hers was too sweet. Lol maybe they forgot to add sugar in mine but added too much in hers? We told the server this and she immediately took the teas back and adjusted them to our likings. And they ended up tasting amazing!! What great service! I'm so happy with experience here :)
1	Oh man, I ask myself "is this queasy feeling in my stomach going to last all night?" Terrible idea to come here, I should have waited the three minutes for a table at Ramen Bar. I walk in to Everyday Noodles and first my nose is telling me it wants me to turn back out the door. I know your nose is supposed to adjust to smells pretty fast so I decided to push past the signal my nostrils were sending to my brain. I settled on sesame noodles with chicken, my boyfriend was extremely daring and tried the braised beef noodle soup. There were many times we shared a romantic moment staring into each others' eyes, trying not to regurgitate the food back into our bowls, all while enjoying the rhythmic sounds of noodles being banged against the steel countertops.
5	We arrived at around 5:30pm and had to wait like 30mins. When we were seated though, they got our food ready in around 5min. Amazing :)Don't forget to get the soup dumplings,  they're great!
5	We went on a Saturday night, the wait was about 20 minutes which seems to be average. We ordered the Pork Soup Dumplings which came out right away and were delicious. I had the Dan Dan Noodles Szechuan Style which were also very good. We brought our own bottle of wine- the uncorking fee was only $5. The only negative thing I have to say is that the room was very loud and the tables were close together. However, this is pretty unavoidable on a Saturday night.
4	Probably the most traditional to what my mom makes in my hometown back in California. If you really want to eat good Chinese food, this is the only place in all of Pittsburgh that is going to cut it. They have pork soup dumplings, you will literally find this nowhere else in Pittsburgh!
5	We came here on a Friday night, and as expected this place was packed.  We actually had to wait to get a table, but it was a rather short wait of about 5 to 10 minutes as we were told that we would have to wait 20 min or so. This place has a great ambiance. I love the asian theme and the fact that you can see the cooks stretch out dough to make noodles behind a glass. Pretty cool. They actually have a bar set up right in front so you can see all the action in the kitchen. The waiters were really knowledgable and had good suggestions for Every Day Noodle virgins like us.  We ended up ordering the shiitake mushrooms and bamboo shoots as apetizers and boy were they good. I really loved the sauce they were in and just how beefy the flavor was. One thing that did surprise me was that this was a cold dish, but a pretty awesome one even if the temperature was unexpected. I ordered the pork and crab soup dumplings. Now I was actually expecting a soup with dumplings in it, but to my surprise (once more) it was dumplings with soup inside of them!! The waitress was kind enough to educate me on how to eat this dish. She recommended I pick up the dumpling with tongs, place it on my spoon and pinch it to release the soup. Along side the dumplings, came a sauce that looked like soy sauce as well as some shredded ginger. The server recommended i place some ginger in the sauce and place it on atop the dumplings. She then suggested I sip the soup from the spoon and proceed to eat the rest.  Even though eating this dish was a little different, it was so worth it!! The broth was delightful and the dumplings with the pork and crab was just divine. I thoroughly enjoyed this dish, although I was glad to have an appetizer as this dish alone as an entree would not be enough to fill me up.My husband had the braised beef and tendon soup, which was extremely tasty. The broth in this soup was also incredibly good and the tendons and beef in the soup were oh so tender and tasty!! This dish, although unorthodox for most people, was pretty damn good. This dish was definetely filling, and I had a bit of this dish as I was a little hungry after having my soup dumplings.Overall, our whole experience was extremely positive and look forward to returning. Everything that we tried was excellent and the customer service was pretty good and efficient. Definitely a good place to hit up for a cold night.
4	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  It is not easy to find authentic Shanghai soup dumplings (xiaolongbao) that aren't too thick/doughy/stuck together and Everyday Noodles hits the mark.  If they would expand to Cincinnati I would be a happy camper and probably visit weekly for the xiaolongbao alone.   I was a little less impressed with some of the other menu offerings: seaweed wasn't good, the boba milk tea tasted off (both the milk and the tea were off) and the soup I tried was not memorable.  But that is easily forgiven - if you come here for the soup dumplings you will not be disappointed!
4	Soup dumplings, other dumplings, delicious soups. The seating is pretty limited at times, but I love the experience. It is really cool to see them make the noodles by hand, and even cooler to taste them. The menu could be a little bit more descriptive at times, but I definitely enjoy the selection.
5	I can't find any fault with the place, even if I tried. I'm still getting used to szechuan food, but it was great here. Amazing service, and nice environment.
5	My favorite place to get bubble tea in the area - I especially love the variety of toppings you can get.
