5	Just bought a 1998 Lincoln from these guys, and they are great with their customer service.  I worked with Don, and his style was laid-back and let the customer sell themselves, which I like because most dealerships are like vultures and won't even wait for you get out of your car before they already want to open your door for you and get you into one of theirs.  This car was used, but I needed a car, and it was pretty well maintained, only two owners and no accidents, though the rear bumper looked like something was hit, but overall the car was sound, clean, and even had a 10 disc CD changer! I wasn't really into the car market until next year, but these guys made the buying process easier, and less stressful.  I now have drive a  tank (according to my mom), very low payments, even the insurance is cheap for this car (full coverage).  I would recommend trying here first for your new-to-you car!  The lot has a lot of well-maintained vehicles, decent selection, and great prices!
5	Frank S.'s honest, down-to-earth style, long history in the Phoenix community and great prices are what keeps me sending my colleagues and acquaintances his way.You won't find him amidst the oneupping dealers on Camelback trying to outdo each other with blow-up signs and false advertising. No hidden tricks or lemon shenanigans, just straightforward, honest and no-pressure deals.Check out his new covered parking lot. Those are (going to be) solar electric panels on top!
5	Like many, I'm highly apprehensive setting foot on any manner of car lot. The experience I have had with these guys is completely atypical of what you'd expect a car dealership, whether they sell new or used, to be.Here's my deal: I sold my old car in NC prior to moving out to Phoenix. My wife and I were planning on not using a car at all for various reasons (from practical like avoiding dealing with gas and repair bills to more abstract as in caring for the environment), but we found Phoenix is not the kind of city where you want to be carless. Anyway, after reading reviews and researching online, we decided to give this place a run.First off, we knew exactly what we wanted: A Toyota Echo that was displayed on the company's site, so I felt like I could cut through some of the "business chatter" in knowing what we wanted, thus avoiding being sold on or talked into something we didn't want. Only problem was that Don, our salesperson, wasn't like that at all. Another reviewer hit it head-on: He was completely laid-back, and let the car sell itself. For us, however, there was a small snag: Only one of us (my wife, naturally) had a job at the time, so Don sent our info over to the owner. At the time, I didn't know how awesome Frank Sarwark (the owner) was, so I told my wife "Welp, probably won't get it; sorry." Lo and behold, though, a pleasant dude in a Panama hat saunters out, very calm in demeanor, hears us out, and approves us. That ain't the end of it, though.Not even a month later, I pull an idiot move getting on to the Loop 202 after work, running into a fence in an effort to avoid rear-ending a truck stopped at the on ramp. Adding insult to injury, I only had liability insurance (another great gaffe on my part). I had the car towed to Consolidated, expecting to be told what a dope I was and to face anger because of the short time I had the car and the damage I had already done. Welp, none of that. Pulling into the driveway, Don was one of the first people I saw. His immediate response was "Glad to see you're okay; was nobody else hurt? Cars can be replaced, people can't." Frank (again, the owner) calmly came out and assessed the damage with the lead service dept. guy, and they decided that it was best to refer it to a body shop man they've worked with 30+ years. I was highly worried about paying for the damage, as I had to out of pocket with my liability-only insurance, but to my elation Frank was more than willing to work with me, knowing my financial situation, and didn't expect me to pay right-out right there. He regaled me with stories of his past accidents as a youth, giving me peace of mind with both that and in saying "That [working with people instead of demanding dollars and pressuring] is one of the things we do here."So, that's it. To me and especially *from* me, this testimonial seems too good to be true; I mean, we're talking about a car dealership, here...but in this world full of schemers, loan sharks, and the like that populate the auto sales industry, Consolidated is more than a diamond in the rough. In a big city like Phoenix, I would never have expected to come across a generational family-owned business that had this level of reverence for its customers. It's no wonder they've been around since the 40s.In case you didn't notice, I'm recommending them highly! If you want a quality used car, this is *the* place to go in Phoenix.Sound off.
1	Low inventory no service waste of our time went there based on posted reviews very disappointed ; (
3	I purchased a car from Consolidated Auto Sales in January, 2013.  I have had some issues with my credit and they were able to work with me.  I will actually be able to get a new car before the end of the year so I have only positive things to say.  Piper worked with us and was very honest.
