5	This was an excellent moving company! They were on time, courteous and considerate. The company only accepts cash, charges extra for stairs, and you pay for an additional hour of travel time and 15% for gas/travel. I would highly recommend them!
1	I do NOT recommend this moving company! I scheduled my move for a 5000 sq ft house and hired 3 trucks along with 6 men to start at 7 am sharp as it was a big job. I verified this information with the office twice during the week of our scheduled move. I was assure that they would be on time, I even explained to her that we lived out a bit so they would need to account for that to be there on time. At 7:15 no one had arrived or called, at 7:30 I called the office and got a voicemail (it was Sunday).  At 7:40 I got a call from the driver who said truck #3 alternator went out but that truck #1 and 2 were on their way and the 3rd would be there by the time they were ready to load it. They said they would be there in 30 minutes, 45 min later we get another call that truck #2 had a flat tire! At this point we have still not heard from office and tell driver that we need yo speak to manager/owner someone about this! Finally we get a call that they are renting uhaul trucks and will be there soon. One truck shows up with 4 men and they want contract signed that states hourly rate for 6 men and 3 trucks, mind you there is only 1 truck and 4 men. I say no and he says they can't start the job. This is now 9:30 am! We tell him we need to speak to Mohammed (owner) who is supposedly on his way to our house, he tells them to start the job without signature. Once he arrived he gave us 2 hours of work for free and the third truck finally showed up. I was thankful they had to rent 2 trucks because the first one that showed up had painted over graffiti on one side, it was so rundown I was afraid to transport my belongings in it not to mention how embarrassing it was to have that pull up in our neighborhood!  The men's appearance was far from professional, I was hesitant to even let them stay.  They brought me 1 broken wardrobe boxes when I said I would need at least 4 and did not protect the floors very well where they were dollying items out, no regard was given to boxes marked as "fragile".I returned to the old house that evening to find random things left behind, things that I told them were ours and needed to go. It took me two additional trips in my truck to get all the items!Moving day is stressful enough for homeowners that's why we enlist the help of  moving companies, waiting for over two hours in the morning was completely unacceptable! Your trucks are your main piece of equipment how do you not keep them in good working order, you didn't know about the alternator?!  We were lied to continually about their excuses for not being there on time in the morning.  By the end of the job they got sloppy leaving boxes they broke from rough handling in the middle of hallways and just unloading and shoving things in places. As I unpacked I found several broken items, they also broke several items in the unloading process.This was by far the worst moving experience I have ever been through.
1	These guys booked us for a Sunday and never showed up. They told us they would be there between 8am and 10am, and we called at 10:15 with no answer. We called a couple more times until noon and realized they are not coming.  Apache finally called us at 1:15 pm and when we asked where they were he said we were not booked for today. We asked why we got a confirmation call the night before and an arrival window if we were not booked and he had no answer.  He did apologized and said again that he did not know we were booked. If you want to know how my story ends, look up A to Z Valley Wide movers for how I resolved this issue with no help from Apache.
