5	It's never fun to have a flat tire, especially on a Monday morning. Speedy's made a normally dreaded experience quick, easy and enjoyable. Free coffee while I waited for only about 20 minutes. No charge to patch my tire from the inside, extremely friendly staff, and I even got a free t-shirt for Breast Cancer Awareness month. Overall the best experience I've had at a tire place! I will definitely be back when I need new tires.
4	about a year ago, I was in need of new tires.  the MINI S had been going through them like i was just wrapping the wheels in pink erasers.  this was to be my third set in four years and 25K miles.  what can i say?  i drive it like the people in the commercials do...the guys at Speedy's hooked me up with an affordable set of W rated sneakers for the Cooper that have held up really well.  they rotate the tires for free every 5K miles or so AND if a puncture in your tire is repairable, they do it at no charge.  this was handy when i picked up a screw last week.they took off the tire and cleaned out all the fix-a-flat gunk (which they informed me can eat away at your rims if you leave it in too long, causing leaks), plugged the hole, and had me on my way in no time at all.these guys are the epitome of professional and i highly recommend them for tires or inspections.  free keurig coffee while you wait in their very clean shop that is located across from the Food Lion on the Plaza.  a true stand out apart from the number of scary garages on that stretch of road.
5	Great friendly service. Had a nail in my tire. They patched it from the inside, no charge! Free! Great idea because I'll be loyal from here on out!
5	Great place to get and have new tires installed. I was in and out in 30 minutes. Sales technicians were very knowledgeable and helpful in assisting me to purchase 4 new tires for my car. The manager even filled out the rebate form for me and had it in a stamped envelope before I walked out the door! Highly recommended.
5	I was stuck on a rainy day on my way to work with a screw in the front tire of my MINI.  These guys were nice and polite.  They fixed my car quickly.  The place is clean and comfortable.  Great service.
5	Friendly, fast and cheap! I went in to repair a tire with a nail in it and from the time I stepped out of my car to signing my bill and getting my keys back, it couldn't have been more than 10 min. I just needed a patch and it was only $10!Everyone who worked there was friendly and eager to help me and they gave me a free tshirt to boot. Definitely going back there!
5	I had a bubble in my tire so I needed to replace the tire. I walked in and was helped right away. The job took about 15-20 minutes and I was off. The tire and work was affordable. I will be going back whenever I need to replace my tires or need a rotation.
5	New set of tires: in and out in 30 minutes. I called before 11:30 and their truck hadn't made deliveries to their locations yet that day, so I was able to order them on the phone, and they had them ready for me only about 2 hours later. Excellent experience--I'll be back!
