4	We went opening night, the food was great (all kinds of sushi, etc), the service was very good.  All in all we loved it.  The only downfall is the price during the week is a bit expensive when you can go to a buffet and get sushi for less. We will certainly go back again.
5	First time was tonight and I was very impressed with the quality. Same price as Kanda but nicer menu. Everything was delicious. Kids even had fruit sushi with chocolate sauce. Kids 4-10 are 1/2 price.
4	First time was today at lunch. I was I impressed by the decor. The lunch menu had a good selection and the service for the most part was attentive.The sushi and wok prepared food is excellent.This place is hands down so much better then Kanda where everything looks good but tastes the same.  Here not only is everything fresh but the chefs put their flair I to every dish.I would recommend Hasu to anyone who normally doesn't like all you can eat.  You will be pleasantly surprised!
5	Great dining experience. Nice place, friendly service and yummy food! All you can eat is affordable at lunch time and the menu is full of diverse dishes. Highly recommend.
4	Very good and fresh food. Thursdays women are half price. But overall worth every cent. My wife loves it
4	Decent AYCE - it's in the spot where Pizza Hut used to be, in the same plaza as Cavallaro and Baskin Robbins. We were there on a recent weekend early evening - place was about half full the whole time we were there. It's clean, lots of space, and nice sleek decor (they have these beautiful flower petal hanging lights). They have a wide variety of sashimi, maki (different sizes too), appetizers and soups, "from the wok" (very Chinese-inspired), and some house specials. The sashimi is fresh (the 'oil' fish is actually quite good - reminded me of a buttery fish and not too fishy like mackerel sometimes is) but the pieces are small - though there is no limit which is great! The maki we tried was ok - not terrible but better than one would expect from an AYCE. In case it's unclear to you, as it was to me, Japanese beans refer to edamame (I mistakenly thought they would be string beans, but they were none the less still tasty). Chicken wings were delicious, with a thin crispy shell from being deep-fried. Pan-fried dumplings and tempura were good too.I found that the dishes that were more of the Chinese variety were just ok, very much "Canadianized" Chinese dishes. Don't bother with the wonton soup... the skins are super thick and when I took one apart, there was just a smidgen of meat in it (about the size of a pea, I'm not even joking). Hot and sour soup is not very spicy at all. Grilled calamari sounded good but unfortunately it turned out incredibly chewy. Beef tataki is also not what I'm used to from a regular Japanese restaurant - it was cooked and I was pretty sure it's supposed to be a raw beef dish. Beef with sesame is also skippable - deep fried beef chunks in a sauce that wasn't very sesame-ish. Green tea is extra (about $1.75 per person), but ice cream to finish off the meal is included. I found that a lot of dishes didn't come out but this seems to be common to all AYCE places. Overall, I'd go back.
4	We are regular here. Specially on Thursday. Ladies night. So fresh and so delicious.
3	This is semi decent restaurant. I would go back on a Thursday night when it is half-price for ladies, but on a regular priced night, I would definitely not choose this place over Sushi St. Jean or Sushi Palace. The decor was nice and the dining area looked clean but the bathroom was horrible! Toilet paper everywhere (except in the dispenser!) and toilet scrub brush in the middle of the floor. It smelt bad and the stalls were covered in fingerprints! It takes a lot for me to be grossed out by a bathroom, but I wouldn't use it!The sushi was so-so. The rice was inconsistent, some was undercooked and some right on. The fish tasted fresh, though, so the sashimi and nigiri were great! We only had a couple of the Asian dishes and those were really good! I would definitely order more non-sushi dishes if i were to go back. We had the Pad Thai which was pretty tasty, as well as the crispy chicken and shrimp which was in a delicious, sweet white sauce. The tempura was nice and crispy, too.The service was decent, except my water glass stayed empty for so long, which is a huge per peeve of mine!Basically, I'd go back on a Thursday for the ladies' night special, but not on a regular night.  They don't take reservations on Thursdays, though, so plan to go early or wait for a seat if you go later on.
