4	Was doing some Christmas shopping and stopped by here with my Son to check it out.  I am really impressed with the selection here!  They have tons of Dodgers, Lakers, Cowboys, UNLV, and USC logo'd apparel here....more than Front Row Sports, which is my "go to" place in town for that kind of stuff plus they had a buy 1 get 1 1/2 off sale.The staff here was very friendly and ready to answer any question.I've found a new sports memorabilia place!Will I return?  You can count on it.
5	The uniform sports company is simply outstanding.....and if you are shopping for anything pertaining to your favorite sports team ...this place has no equal. Trust me i am the biggest sports fan there is......and trust me in all my travels across this great land....again there is no sports store of any kind that could compete with these guys. I literally had to leave for a few minutes and gather myself...because i was prepared to spend hundreds of dollars in there....LOL. Let me reiterate when I say EVERYTHING....I mean EVERYTHING....they have everything from bathroom rugs....to golf club covers....outrageous outfits....to car seat covers......hats of all kinds......to socks of all kinds.....jerseys.... both throwback and current.....future.....current....and past hall of Famers. I found my Steve young jersey here after looking all over the country for it. They had everybody from Lawrence Taylor to Franco Harris. I mean I could go on and on.....and on....and on....but I think you finally get the point. Just go there and Eat, Drink, and be VERY MERRY my Friends!!!!
4	Good selection for every sports fan!
5	This store is easy to find, in the mall near the front door,  close to parking.More than that, great selection, good prices and friendly staff.  What morecould you ask for?
4	If you're in the market for sports attire or accessories, this is a great little shop to check out. The service was extremely attentive, but gave us time to peruse as well. The selection is good and they seemed to have a good amount of items for every team. They are located in the middle wing of the Premium outlets, easily accessed from the parking lot. Prices seemed standard as well.
3	Let's see. I walked looking to buy a football jersey, was not greeted by any of the two gentlemen at the front and after 10 min,  still wasn't acknowledged for assistance.  I did hear "What time are you going to lunch" among the two and decided to leave. Ive been here twice before and my existence was made and did make purchases, but both times it was by a female employee. The point is, uniquicocally, I wasn't important enough to say "hi" to. 3 stars for item selection,  but -2 for customer service. I hope this doesn't happen to other customers who walk in.
