5	Finding a Good Pain Management Doctor is HARD!!!  Finding an Excellent Pain Management Doctor and staff is almost impossible.  There are a few good Doctors in this town but it took me going to a bad one to get referred to Dr Kozmary.  After having lumbar disc replacement surgery I was going to a pain Doctor who refused to listen to me when I said I was having issues with pain in other areas, especially my hands.  They said, I need to go to my surgeon with new issues. They were only there to give me the pain medications....so I did.  My surgeon who was not at all pleased with this particular Doctor and his response referred me to Dr Kozmary who thankfully listened, understood and saved my life when he ordered another MRI showing 5 broken discs in my neck.  c3-c7.  I needed more surgery!!!  I have learned a great lesson..if a doctor doesn't show empathy...move on!  Dr Kozmary's staff is incredible.  They always make me feel like they look forward to seeing me, always concerned about how I feel on many levels and they help me to understand what has happened, what is happening and what will happen.  I am no longer in the dark.  My PA is Kristin who is the nicest and warmest person I have ever met. She even called my husband to make sure he was OK with everything that was going on with me. They make going to the doctor as painless as possible and even somewhat enjoyable.  It's been a very hard 14 months for me and I have to give this office a huge THANKYOU for helping me through it all!  xoxoPS....Kristin needs her name on the door!  :)
1	The process at the Pain Center is unheard of - after you have shelled out $2000.00 of your OWN MONEY-as insurance will not cover for a drug test and a psychological evaluation-then they request a referral from your physician and THEN they decide IF he will see you; meanwhile he is laughing all the way to the bank with your money and he has the ability to say "No" - so this town either has free flowing pill mills or Pain Mgmt Clinics can swing to the other extreme and abuse authentic patients who's lives have been in turmoil for 10 yrs when people began abusing pain meds and making anyone who takes them feel like a crook, inferior, dirty - etc.  We have enough problems in our lives 24/7 and are barely holding on with dignity and then this kind of practice strips you financially and has figured out a way to swindle funds from those most in need of help - I'm appalled.  I will continue to fly out of town to maintain my care; as this is ridiculous and should be investigated for abuse.  Oh to boot, they participate with very few insurance companies and/or are the highest tier of those that they are contracted with-so even MORE money is shelled out IF, and only if, he deems you "worthy" of being seen - approximately $350.00 for your first visit.  So 5 back surgeries, a neurostimulator that is not working properly, and metal in your spinal cord - those records don't matter ENOUGH to avoid having to pay $2000.00 and then he still can shoot you down and not take you as a patient - WOW!  Risky....
5	Such a wonderful office. Everyone is so nice and helpful. I have to take my mother in law here and we absolutely love it. Great office!!!
1	Beware just type Kozmary and fraud and see what pops up. I went there for 2 years then when I stopped going they started sending bills for thousands of dollars. Even tho I had a pretty good insurance and Medicare. Come to find out not only did the insurance company pay them they tried to charge the insurance 3 and 4 times. They try to get you to pay money the insurance already paid. If you see there commercials they talk about no surgery but once you're in the door that's all they pushed down your throat surgery surgery surgery BEWARE. Learn from my mistakes.
