3	The burritos could be a little bigger for the price. It is delicious and takes a little bit because they make it fresh. I ordered a steak Baja Burrito. Comes with free chips. The chips were fresh and light and non greasy. The Burrito shell was kinda falling apart. The Steak was moist and tender with a nice flavor. The Pico De Gallo was awesome sauce. Instead of guacamole there were pieces of Avocado in the burrito which was a nice touch. The Salsa bar rotates its flavors and had a mango Salsa(medium level of spicy). Buy a Large cup and get 99 cent refills for life. Cant go wrong with that.
3	I haven't had Baja in awhile, but after the gym last night I was craving their yummy fish tacos. I've always been a fan of the fish tacos, because there's so few "fast" Mexican places you can grab decent fish items. Plus I do love their taquitos with the tasty cheese dipping sauce as well.Unfortunately I think Baja has gone down hill in the past few years since its magnificent presence began infesting cities in Nevada and other places. Yes, it may still be "fresh" compared to say, Del Taco, but it is lacking.I ordered the fish tacos, and was surprised they were so bland. I had to drench them in salsa (supposedly "hot" salsa... which was not... hot.). The fish was dry and unseasoned and it was like a long, stick of fish. It literally almost reminded me of putting a fish stick into a taco shell and calling it a day.Why is the salsa bland now? Why is the fish not fresh? Is there a new CEO cutting corners, or is it just this particular establishment?I don't know, but I DO know I am probably going to make the trip to Rubio's in Henderson from now on if I really want some good fish tacos.
5	For those of you that read my reviews... first of all, Thank You, second of all, you know that I eat Ultra Low Carb one day a week.  But, today I have guests from out of town, and when that happens, your diet goes out the window.  We were in the shopping center this Baja Grill is in.  And, even though I have tossed my diet out the window, I still looked for a healthy option.  And I had the "Skinny Wahoo F.T.W."  The food was great... Shrimp, with cabbage and a mango salsa... tasty and the spice was just right.  It wasn't over the top but just enough to make your tongue say hello.  My friends stuck with the fish tacos and they liked them as well.Just to finish up my review... here are the small things that I like about this place.  Parking is easy - the restaurant isn't in the main part of the strip mall - bright and welcoming when you walk in - clean - and friendly employees that are efficient at their job.  A smile goes a long way with me.So, for a quick bite at a "Fast Food" place, this place is great.
5	I love this place everything is so good and all of the workers here are super friendly "Gerardo" I think he's a manager is also very helpful and super nice! Love this place so fresh and yummy
3	My son and I decided on  Baja fresh for lunch .. We  have eaten there before , I usually get the tacos .This time I chose the steak burrito , unfortunately it had  very little steak , I think I got maybe three bites of meat ,pretty big burrito with a bunch of rice and beans .. This wasn't the first time this has happened my son ordered one  The last time we were there he complained  about the same thing , I just thought we'll maybe their having a bad day .. And today I decided to try again .. Never never again !!Now I'm going to my little Mexican restaurant that's inside the Mexican store and have one of their steak burritos , always have lots if meat , not the best looking place but the good is awesome and prepared in front of you ..
1	Bar far the worst baja fresh is town. Small portions cold employees especially the Hispanic manager who had an attitude about giving me more thank 3 napkins. No wonder it was a ghost town in there at 3 pm on a monday. They need better staff
3	Not the usual quality of food. Salsa watered down. There is a store I eat at near my job with better food. Staff was nice. Store was clean
