5	Ask for Jim, he's the bestMy BF goes here and absolutely loves it! Great people
5	Best service in phoenix on top of a awesome cut with old school quality! Thank you FrankCash only
5	Been coming here since I was a little kid. Jimmy has cut my hair every 2 months for the last 15 years... good at what he does. Shampoo, hair cut, quick back massage for $16.
5	Been going to Zev for 15+ yrs.  I like this location the best and the people he has working in the shop makes for a fun time everytime!!
5	After recently moving to N. Phoenix from the southern valley, I needed a new barber shop. I found this place, and am glad I did.I have gone to barbers in Oregon, New York, Chicago, Florida, etc., and this shop stacks up with the best of them. Prices are more than affordable (around $16 for a haircut, razor line up, and shoulder massage), and they give an excellent haircut.
5	New to the area.. Had to get a haircut and i hate getting new Barbers But JIMMY was great highly recommend this place!! Will go back again!!!
4	If you're like me you know the value of a good haircut. I moved here about a year ago and found that it was hard to find a good barbershop in the area.  Zev's is pretty good though. Jimmy normally cuts my hair and he does a good job. Very friendly guy too. The price is reasonable at $16 a cut. This place is prolly closer to 4.5 stars. By far the best place I've been to in Arizona.
5	I moved to the Phoenix area again in 1999. I have been looking for a real barber since. The great Johnny Gibson in Tucson cut my hair for years. I found the place, it is here and Jimmy is the dude. I asked for my regular haircut, 2 taper on sides, a little off the top, no spikes, blocked in back. Jim cut my hair to those specs. Never ran the clippers into my scalp, worked quick and efficiently. He then trimmed the brows, ears and nose. Finished with washing my hair. Excellent.After he had already started, I realized that it was a cash only business. Jimmy handled the fact that I did not have any with grace. I walked across to Circle K, purchased a coke and got a twenty spot for Jim. 16 dollar cut with a tip. Excellent value, service and conversation. Close to my work, I will be returning monthly.
5	A great haircut, and always a fun time!!  Bella and Frank can do a flat top to rival Pete's in Austin (I miss Frank).  These folks there are like extended family.   A-1+  in all categories.
5	Just moved to Phoenix from Vegas grew up in NYC I have been looking for a place to get my cut. I have tried Twins n Mens lounge. By far this is the best one I have been too. I had a lady name Vee cut my hair she is a little Asian lady. I had her do a bald fade w/razor line up great job. I also got a beard trim. A haircut beard trim plus massage come to $16. I love how it has modern stuff but a classic look. I will be going there plus I will be bringing my son.
5	I usually have bad luck with new barbers. There was the time I wondered onto a reservation unaware of the culture to the rez barbershop, the time my glasses were removed and I had no idea the destruction that was occurring, and then there was today. Today was amazing. Go see Vee. She is an Asian lady that is a hair surgeon. She is extremely detailed. Methodical. Friendly and kind. She has great razor skills, And you get a quick shoulder vibration massage at the end. Honestly im 37 and this was the best haircut Ive ever had. She is precise.
5	There are plenty of barber shops in my area, but I make the drive to Zev's. I would absolutely recommend this barber shop to anyone wanting a superb haircut for a reasonable price!
5	Jimmy was personable and considerate of what I requested. Not only did I receive a great haircut and beard trim, I also received great conversation and a new connection. I definitely recommend Zev's if you wish to receive great treatment at a good price. It even comes with a wash and rinse. Oh, and the vibration shoulder massage at the end was quite the kicker! Loved the experience.
5	This place is awesome. I called ahead and said I needed a professional haircut and a beard trim. I explained I didn't want to lose too much length, as I LOVE my beard, but understand that some was necessary. The little Asian lady gave me an amazing trim. Lost almost no beard length, but looks extremely amazing. Easily a sixty dollar haircut and beard trim. But it's only a third that. I'm not even going to try any other barbers in the area. Extremely happy with the results and price.
5	Just go!  Place is amazing. A lot of barbers claim to be a New York barber shop. This is the real deal. And they're open until 4 in Sunday's. The shave and a haircut is amazing.  Still uses the straight razor.
