2	Finding ourselves with a huge new living room, my husband and I decided to give Jennifer Convertibles a shot since his parents always get their sofas there. We made the trip bright and early on Sunday morning up Scottsdale Road. We got there a little early and decided to sit and wait....and wait...and wait. The one salesgirl that they had that day was late and there was a small crowd waiting to enter the small store. Once inside we found a sofa bed we liked but she seemed preoccupied with another family that was there so we decided to come back later. We ended up back there shortly after 5 and the store was closed despite the fact it lists its Sunday business hours as 11-6. Its a shame because we were fully intending on purchasing a sofa bed that day.
1	HORRIBLE!!!!!!  DO NOT BUY FROM JENNIFER CONVERTIBLES!!!!It would take me quite some time to write the entire story, but suffice to say, I am still battling with Jennifer Convertibles to fix the sofa bed they sent me.  It was delivered on July 5th and today is September 28th. The sofa bed was broken, the cushions are mis-shapen and it looks nothing like the sofa from the showroom floor. This has been the most awful purchase I have EVER made!!! I will NEVER go back to them. The customer service is horrible! They do not pick up their phones, I cannot get in touch with a CEO or President of the company, and their customer service complaint person has still not returned my call. To say I am disappointed is an understatement!!! I'm not certain what I am going to do next, but contacting my attorney is a thought.
4	Oh, the hunt for the perfect sofa. IKEA? For my sofa? I think not. Craigslist? Garage Sales? Ewwww....you never know what or who peed on it. Robb and Stucky? Probably overpriced and TOTALLY not my style. Crate & Barrel, Restoration Hardware, Copenhagen. Yea, I sat, cuddled and drooled on several at these places. But, $2800 to $3600 was a little out of my range. Like by thousands of dollars. Rickie and I like contemporary furniture for the most part. And we wanted an L shaped sectional with a chaise. Enter my friend Jennifer. No, really, my friend Jennifer came over and mentioned Jennifer Convertibles. I laughed in her face, HA HA! It seemed so pedestrian. So suburban. So, well, so you Jennifer. Would I have my gay card revoked if I got our sofa from a mini mall location? Why it's neighbors are a Subway and a check cashing place for God's sake! But when I swung the doors open and I saw Sofie (I named it Sofie. Sofie the Sofa), it was love at first sight. I heard her microfiber cushions call it, "Sit on me Thomas! Sit on me". So I did. And for $799, I've been sitting, cuddling and drooling on her for quite a while. Will it last forever? I hope not. Who wants one sofa for the rest of their life? Great service. Great prices. And, I met my Sofie!:)
3	I am on my second sofa from Jennifer Convertibles.  The first one was originally bought at the Tempe store in 2007 and, after 6 months, the bottom started sagging out.  They sent repairmen to fix the sofa but the wrong parts were sent each time.  After speaking with Tim, the store manager, we arranged for a brand new sofa to be delivered.  A few months later on the new sofa and the same issue of sagging started again....but worse than the old sofa.  Tim's service regarding the issue has been stellar but the products......not so much.  I will not be replacing this sofa with a Jennifer product but something that is much higher in quality and much sturdier.
