5	Great little neighborhood restaurant.  Ordered chicken dinner, cheeseburger combo and banana pudding.  Yummy, well prepared, quick service and very reasonable price. Got a new place to go when I'm craving a burger!
3	It's your typical urban fried chicken. Sort of reminds me of the type of spot you would find in DC, like chicken in a box "Chicken Box" type of spot. The have a great menu though, if your craving something fried this is the spot. From fried chicken and burgers to seafood and salad. Priced around $8 avergae for a meal.
4	This is right down the road from my work and there are few options in the area. This is one of the best. Their fried chicken is really good, but don't think they only have fried food. The grilled chicken sandwiches are tasty as are the phillies. They have these really awesome sweet potato and cream pies, they are not what you think of when you think sweet potato pie, they are amazing and you should go try one.They recently changed ownership and it seems a little cleaner.
5	@ Crystal, thank you for your review  :) you should try the Parmesan grilled chicken next time it's awesome! Ownership hasn't changed by the way
5	Honestly some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. And they don't give you itty bitty chicken, they are some solid size pieces. I think they're better seasoned than places like KFC. The staff is really nice, too. Always greet you with a smile. I love this place. It's close by to my house so whenever I get chicken I always come here. Plus, they deliver now!
3	The man in my life wanted chicken. Fried Chicken to be exact. So of course, I used my handy dandy Yelp app to find the best and closest place for fried chicken. So off we went to US Fried Chicken based on their 4.5 stars. Service here is very friendly. Their menu is good with many choices. However, this fried chicken was just alright. It was good but nothing to write home to momma about. Their French fries are honestly kind of awful. I did love their spinach. It was seasoned perfectly and had little chunks of meat through out. We had  side of mac salad which was not bad but you had to be a huge fan of vinegar and dill relish because it was the dominant flavor. But let me tell you what deserves a 5 star about this place - their sweet potato pies. I asked if they had any because I saw it on the menu, but did not see any out and he went and grabbed two but told me they were frozen. No problem, I knew we could easily thaw them out. These sweet potatoes were AMAZING. I would definitely come back just for those bad boys.
1	Horrible food. No seasoning. The Mac and cheese tasted like paper. The chicken was disgusting.
