4	After moving back from so cal and leaving my fav stylist there, I was left with finding a new one, and ladies, you know how nerve racking experience that can be.  It was by complete chance that I found Allie.Allie gives me a great layered cut with great style.  She's never rushing and takes her time to make your hair look good.  Also, it doesn't hurt that she does the best shampoo'ing ever.  So relaxing.Conclusion:  Allie is sweet, efficient and my hair likes her. =)  And her price is right!
1	I have never seen more drama in a place such as suite one salon. As I was sitting waiting for my appointment with my husband. The talk of the day was who had sex and who didn't have sex the night before, the employees need to be called in from the bar next door drunk or high on something. The hair dressers stylist dress like hookers, the eyebrow lady has the worst NY accent and has the biggest mouth I ever heard, so tasteless. I have ever seen a classless bunch of people as I have experienced in a place of business. My hair was damaged from some untalented stylist Jewels, my husbands eyebrows looked terrible from the big mouth NY lady whom my husband said breathe smelled like alcohol during his service. What a waste of time and money.
5	I've been going to Suite One since my stylist moved there.  I've followed my stylist Mimi for about 6 to 7 years, and I wouldn't trust anyone else to cut, style, dye and straighten (keratin smooth) my hair.  Mimi is a great stylist, a nice person and her prices are very reasonable.
5	I love this place! Maggie is the one I go to and she does my color better than anyone has. My blonde looks great and she always does the cut exactly the way it should be. I am so happy I found her. Shes the sweetest and very professional :)
5	Kate is an AH-MAZING colorist and stylist. I've come to her twice now and have been MORE than satisfied each time. She has a wonderful attitude and it is very clear that she loves what she does.
5	OUIDAD CERTIFIED STYLISTS!!!!! This is a must for curls!  I found this salon through the Ouidad website.  There are 2 certified stylists.  I have been going to Jewlz for a year and a half now.  My friend sees Monica.  I have never heard a bad comment about either.  I always have a pleasant experience.  Highly recommend Jewlz for your curls!!!!!
5	I've been going to Ashley McFerrin for almost 7 years now & obviously, by my consistent patronage, I LOVE WHAT SHE DOES! She's awesome!  She has a wonderful energy about her, not some gossiping, judgmental chick, but a very down to Earth, happy, and pleasant gal.  She has a vast repertoire of hair knowledge and expertise. I DEFINITELY recommend Ashley!!!!The salon is nice, they just remodeled and expanded.
5	Just moved from SoCal. Love this place! Charlene gives the best shampoo and color!!
5	Valarie Philips is amazing! She knows her color really well. I'm never disappointed with her and I'm usually picky with who does my hair. Suite One Salon is a bit of a drive from my house but it is so worth it for Valarie! I definitely recommend going to her! She's very outgoing, getting my hair done is never awkward and that's what I love about her also! She's the best shampooer ever, I'm always so relaxed with her head massages. VALARIE IS GREAT!! :)
5	Had Valarie Phillips do my hair today and she did a wonderful job! I love my hair do and the color! Excellent at coloring! I will return again and again for more styles, colors and cuts! Love it! And everyone who work at this salon are extremely friendly and knowledgable. Ill be referring all my friends and family!
5	Highly recomend. very beautiful salon. I've been going to Kate E. for the past few months. I always feel when I get a hair cut I have to wait a few weeks for it to grow out and look good. Kate always does an amazing job where I feel so pretty just leaving the salon.
5	prolly one of the best salons in town... had several haircuts from jewlz and shes amazing..  book her in advance shes hard to get because shes so talented!!
5	Valarie Phillips is amazing! She is an absolute perfectionist and when it comes to my hair, that's a great thing. She will not let me leave her chair until she is 100% satisfied and knows that I feel the same way. She has been doing my hair for a while now and I have always walked out of the salon feeling amazing! I would recommend her to anybody looking for someone to give them exactly what they want with more than exceptional pricing.
5	Be sure to make an appointment with Valarie Phillips! She does a awesome job with color & hands down gives the BEST scalp massages! She's super sweet & you will love her!!! :)
5	Went to see Jessica Cannon for the first time. She did an excellent job on my highlights and the violet color she used is perfect! Highly recommended!
5	First time going to this salon, atmosphere is awesome! Decor is incredibly simple but wow! Regan is a great stylist, easy to get along with, professional, takes her time and gave me exactly what I wanted!
5	Jenna saved my hair! I am 25 years old and a year ago I started going to Jenna for my hair. I went to her with hopes of fixing the little hair I had left. With coloring, bleaching and wrongful extension use I went to her desperate to try and have beautiful hair again. As most girls dream to have long, healthy gorgeous hair I thought it would never happen again. She not only has made my hair finally grow again but also recommended me to try tape in Cinderella extensions. I have never had so many compliments but every time I tell someone I have extensions they never believe me because it looks so natural. She is not only affordable but has a true talent with fixing almost impossible over processed hair. I highly recommend her to anyone that has lost hope in hairdressers. Thank you so much Jenna for making me wake up everyday and look in the mirror and love my hair!
5	My first experience at a hair salon was the worst walked out crying so when I made this appointment to come here I was so hoping for the best and I was not disappointed. Service was great, fantastic atmosphere. I will be back.
5	I purchased a Groupon with Mandy at a previous salon and had difficulties scheduling with her due to some unforeseen circumstances. The Groupon had expired and I got a call from her offering to accept the Groupon offer and  to schedule the mani/pedi with her at her new location. I was thrilled to say the least! I've been trying to find a new nail girl for over a year! We met and it was "true love". My nails were B-E-A---UTIFUL!!!! She did tangerine sparkly gels for my upcoming vacation to Mexico! She is amazing, talented, and an absolute doll! I recommend her to everyone that compliments my fingers and toes! Thanks so much Mandy!!!
5	I had a Mani/Pedi Groupon with Mandy.  From the moment we met I felt comfortable and relaxed.   Mandy is easy to chat with and so sweet.   My nails look wonderful and even her regular prices are reasonable. I will be returning for another mani/pedi.
5	Suite One is a great salon with many talented stylists!  My stylist, Polly Frazier is absolutely amazing as both a colorist and as a stylist.  She always executes the exact style you request, and she constantly sharpens her knowledge and creative skills through attending Bumble & Bumble trainings in New York City.  I would highly recommend Polly to anyone looking for a fantastic and experienced stylist who truly cares about the integrity of her clients' hair!
5	This review is for Grace and Jewlz, both of whom I highly recommend. Grace has been taking care of my brows for nearly 10 years. We first met when she worked near me in Henderson, and I now happily drive to Suite One to see her. She's that good! Not only does she do a fantastic job, she's also reliable, kind, generous and a complete sweetheart of a person. Knowing that I traveled to get Ouidad haircuts, she introduced me to Jewlz as soon as Jewlz got Ouidad-certified, and Jewlz, who's also a lovely person, has been giving me terrific haircuts ever since. These two are great!
1	I had purchased a manicure on Groupon for Mandy. My appointment was scheduled a week in advance and the appointment time was for 8:30am. I knew I was going to be 5-10 minutes late so I texted Mandy to let her know and she responded that she could not see me anymore and that she didn't have time for me. Well that kind of threw me off because I was already on my way and I was only late because my daughter was running late (she's only five)! Well I showed up and I was actually SIX minutes late! Mandy however was not there and told me sorry that she could not see me and that I would have to reschedule! This groupon was given as a gift to me for my birthday which was three days before. I was going out of town the day of the appointment and I didn't have time to get it done before my birthday! I know I was late but 6 minutes seems a little ridiculous. Is this really how you treat a customer? I was extremely disappointed with the situation! I don't believe this was appropriate given the amount of time I was late. I still don't understand and can't believe this happened!
5	I really enjoyed my experience at suite one! I came to Vegas on a girls trip and called the day before to see if I could get a waxing appointment and Grace was able to squeeze me in. Wow! That was the most pain free bikini wax I have ever gotten! She did a great job! I am seriously considering flying to Vegas every time I need to get a wax !Charlena did my girlfriends hair (a dye and hair paint ) and did an AMAZING job!!!! Omg if I could have dyed my hair I would have gotten mine done too! She is extremely friendly and professional and great to talk to! I definitely would recommend her for getting your hair dyed and her blowouts are fab too!The salon is very cute and well kept! I wish I wasn't out of state or I would be coming here regularly! This will for sure be my go to salon when I do come visit Vegas!
1	Since my review got deleted I thought I would repost! This incident occurred on November 8th and I have had conversations with the salon but it seems they don't really care that much, so here is my second attempt to post, hopefully it stays this time! Also, hopefully people take note that they delete all the bad reviews!So...I had purchased a manicure on Groupon for Mandy. My appointment was scheduled a week in advance and the appointment time was for 8:30am. I knew I was going to be 5-10 minutes late so I texted Mandy to let her know and she responded that she could not see me anymore and that she didn't have time for me. Well that kind of threw me off because I was already on my way and I was only late because my daughter was running late (she's only five)! Well I showed up and I was actually SIX minutes late! Mandy however was not there and told me sorry that she could not see me and that I would have to reschedule! This groupon was given as a gift to me for my birthday which was three days before. I was going out of town the day of the appointment and I didn't have time to get it done before my birthday! I know I was late but 6 minutes seems a little ridiculous. Is this really how you treat a customer? I was extremely disappointed with the situation! I don't believe this was appropriate given the amount of time I was late. I still don't understand and can't believe this happened!
