3	So I have never experienced the chaos and wonder of a restaurant at its opening. Well I have now.The Di Verti Bar & Grill just opened..TODAY! in fact I ate there after its only being open for approximately 3 hours.The place is a typical Hamburger place with a few extras. Full bar and is definitely set up for your sports type atmosphere, MMA fights etc..We had lunch there and were surprised with $2 red stripe specials everyday all day for drinks. Sweet! Hamburgers as I mentioned but also had Pizza, and a wide variety of chicken sandwiches too. There is not much on the menu for you Vegetarians but my pescatarian friend found the tuna melt good. I myself had a chicken Ciabatta topped with Capriccioli that I must say was more than I expected.Sure the service was a little rough around the edges, (messed up both orders) but like I said we were probably the 5th customers to eat here and there is no way they had their system worked out. Located on the corner of Mill and University it seems like a perfect spot, but this local seems to blow through restaurants faster than I can keep track.Either way its a good replacement for what ever place that was here a few months ago :)Check it out, its new , its inexpensive, and the wait staff all have BIG personality.. A winner in my book.. This place is A.O.K.
3	From the venue that brought you Ruby Tuesday's and Sucker Punch Sally's, put your hands together for another newcomer in the ghost town that once was Mill Avenue....Drumroll please ....    Diverti's~!! I went to try it out for lunch today, same set up, new colors, more flat screens. I'm going to go easy on them as they have only been open for a few days. Let me start by saying the service was excellent. The hostess, waitress and owner/manager(?) were all outstanding. The food left a little to be desired, I ordered a grilled cheese that came with tomato and bacon. What arrived was cheese minus tomato and bacon. The manager/owner(?) came out and politely apologized and brought me a new one all ingredients in tact. Now this may sounds fussy, but a grilled cheese should be a hot sandwhich, the cheese should be melted, and the bread toasted/grilled and that was not the case. The accompanying hand cut fries were soft and soggy and not that great.3 stars for the effort, but they need to step up the food a bit if they want to last longer then the last Sucker (Punch) to inhabit the place.
1	Eek! Methinks not. My ears are still ringing from the unbelievable scene that unfolded when I told the guy his place sucked. It is a place to have drink and not much else. This place sucked when it was Ruby Tuesday, it sucked when it was Sucker Punch Sally's, and it still sucks.
5	Nice bar and great food!! I tried The DiVerti stuffed sandwich; Decent selection of beers on draft! The bar set up is very spacious compared to the previous set up.  Good atmosphere that creates a comfortable place to meet, have a beer and be able to keep a conversation without getting killed by over sized speakers; the staffs are very helpful and accommodating; good food, cold beer and great service all I'm asking for from a bar within walking distance from school!!!
1	I swear this place had more reviews. All of a sudden there are only four? One person pointed out a problem with parking. Where does one park their car? Another person, if not the same person who pointed out the lack of parking, pointed out the lack of scenery. He complained that the place was a sausage fest and there weren't enough woman to look at. What happened to these reviews? The owner addressed each of these concerns like he did mine, but I have to wonder where the reviews went?I asked for a steak sandwich, which is not on the menu. This is when I was berated. Granted steak sandwich isn't on the menu, but when the chef boasts to cook everything under the sun, I think steak should be a basic. If steak isn't offered I think you should not shout this fact. This place isn't much for food, but if you intend to drink, this place will do. The well to do dregs of Mill Avenue give this place two thumbs up. There are more respectable places at University and Mill where you can eat and drink: I would recommend Chili's, then  P.F. Changs, then CVS, then the Metro Bus Stop, then Burger King, then Diverti.
1	Total Crap. I should have known when I walked in and there was no one in the place and Kid Rock's "Born Free" was blasting. Those signs should have been enough to deter me but the hope of a delicious Primanti Bros style sandwich was too tempting. After sitting down and looking at the menu that was printed out on a 40 dollar printer purchased from Walmart (the logo on the cover was pixelated, whatever moron did their "graphic design" is top notch) I quickly ordered that "Capicola" sandwich. When the food finally came, I took a bite and couldn't even get through the rubbery meat that was supposedly deli fresh. Whatever the meat was really is beyond me because it certainly wasn't Capicola. It was thick and fatty and chewy, all things which Capicola is not.... I can't go on anymore and waste any more time talking about this horrible establishment that probably won't still be in business by the time anyone reads this review. A final note though, do yourself a favor and stave off falling into a deep depression by staying out of this place.
5	This place is great! I am here every sunday for footbal and the service and food has been good, so i don't know what Jordon is talking about. Bud, you probably got the wrong meat by accident, you could have asked someone. And as for the Promenti Bros experience: if you want that experience get on a plane and fly there. Dont hold their sandwich over a restaurant in AZ, it is not right and it is not fair.Anyway you have to try the best culinary invention ever here: The SWEET POTATO TATER TOTS! An amazing food if ever there was one! The burgers are great and the fries taste just like my mom's homemade ones when i was a kid.To everyone that went in when it first opened, give it another shot they have made adjustments. And to everyone else go try it, it is worth it!
5	I've been there three times now and it is awesome.   Definitely the best place on Mill Ave.  for casual atmosphere, good food and drinks.   I've eaten there two of those times.  Had the swiss and mushroom burger with onion rings ($1.49 additional) very juicy burger with a buttery toasted bun. The other time I had the overstuffed sandwich with corned beef.  The sandwich was huge, stuffed with fries and coleslaw and served with potato chips.  I split it with my boyfriend and we were both satisfied.  Luckily it was a Thursday and we were able to catch the $1 budlight draft special that runs from 3-7. Woo Hooo can't beat that.  Last Sunday we hit up "SIN Sunday"  for their open mic night,  good vibe lots of peeps performing, so much fun.  I didn't intend on staying too long but didn't leave until closing time.  Really good drink specials if you perform or are in the service industry.  $2 you call it, beer and good liquor like captain or cuervo.  Love, love this spot!p.s. Incredibly delightful staff
4	being from cleveland, going here was definitely a treat! the sandwiches were amazing and authentic-i had the corned beef and the second half was great for a late dinner:) the owners were super friendly-we went for lunch so it wasn't too busy but i'm looking forward to a repeat visit later
5	As a long standing resident of Arizona and a student going to college I have been to most every bar that is popular and on the up and up. Diverti is a great bar and has been open now for about 4 months and I am surprised at the service and the prices. We all know, especially college students, that no one wants to go out and just blow money on over priced alcohol. The drinks are very affordable and may even be the cheapest on mill ave. I have spent many nights there and have gotten away with spending just around 30 dollars and that's including food. The menu is very good and everything is on the normal to lower price ranges. The location is prime and there is an excellent area to park just behind the bar so you don't have to worry about all the traffic and bustle on mill. If you haven't been there in a while there has been two pool tables put in, and a couple dart boards along with some other stuff. There is also a smokers patio in the back with a nice view of the street. Diverti is both relaxing and fun depending on how you want your night to go. I recommend this bar before any other on Mill Ave, because of the good people, great atmosphere, and really good prices.
4	Very impressed.  Super casual atmosphere, friendly staff, and excellent drink specials.  They opened up the place with a very nice remodel after the Sucker Punch diner closed, and I really dig the new space.  Feels almost like something out of Chicago.  They've got poker on Tuesdays, karaoke on Wednesdays, and a smattering of live music throughout the week... things Mill Avenue could always use more of.  Only thing I'm not crazy about is the name... (maybe they should just call themselves "D's"?).  But I'm a fan!
3	i have only been here for lunch so i dont know about the night life but for 10 BUCKS I BETTER GET A HUGE SANDWICH that could possibly be shared! but no, these "overstuffed" sandwiches are just overstuffed with fries, not much meat, and are tiny in my opinion. and im not that big of an eater. the sandwich tasted good, just way too small for 10 bucks!
4	First time for me at DiVerti Bar & Grill. Clearly a great location being on the corner of University & Mill. Parking is in the back next to Jack In The Box. Pretty average decor inside. Very typical of what you would find of a campus bar. Carpets been removed and they stained the exposed cement floor. 7+ HDTV's above the bar so good for catching a sporting event. We ordered Hot Wings to start and they were good. A few undersized wings made it onto the plate, but no complaints. Entree: Medium Burger w/ bacon and cream cheese + jalapeno. It's a specialty burger of theirs and it wasn't bad. Different, but good. Prices were extremely reasonable and they had a deep menu of items to choose from. Service was good. Granted there were only about 10 people in the restaurant, but Bartender was friendly and made some recommendations. Full bar and lots of brews on tap. I'll be back to check out Happy Hour!
4	We totally dig this place. Unlike all the other spots on Mill, DiVerti isn't crampped, loud or trying too hard. The service is great & genuinly friendly & concerned. Very laid back for a couple beers & cheap pool or sandwiches. My friend loved his sandwich & said it was all he'd hoped for. I thought mine coulda been bigger & was a lil let down that there's no brown mustard or pickles :(   But I love the place completely & recommend it to anyone. Not really for "clubbin" & "meetin bitches" but great for a few cold ones. Parking is the ramp behind Jack in the crack & there's a patio to smoke at that's away from some of the main sidewalk crowd(which is nice too). They have 75cent pool, $2 red stipes, well priced pitchers, karakoe, a sweet drummer outside some nights(I think Fridays), & beer pong on request. I wish they had one or 2 more pool tables n they need a shelf or some stools by the existing ones for drinks n to put your crap on. DiVerti is great & I hope they can make it last where it's at!BTW-I don't think that one kid has any idea what Capicola is. There's no fattier, chewier meat on the planet. I think he meant turkey.
4	I've been there a few more times lately... finally tried the "Overstuffed Sandwich".  OUTSTANDING.  I went with corned beef after they were out of the more popular pastrami... but so friggin' good.  The staff is super-friendly... I just wish they could get more support from us locals.
1	The positive: The waitress was pretty and tried to remain upbeat and eccentric despite the establishment she was working at.The negative: The food was the worst that I have ever eaten in my entire life. Here are a list of red flags that set it off for me.1. There were too many genres of food on the menu. Pasta, pizza, steak, mexican, burgers... It screams the fact that they specialize in no particular type of food and that they excel at poorly cooking everything. Very few places are able to maintain high quality food while serving so many types of dishes. 2. The booths were stylized with red glitter. As for the outward appearance, it looked like a dungeon and there was caution tape outside which was worrisome. 3. We ordered an single pizza slice to try out and it was so huge that it was easily split between four people. It was cold and it had a large amount of grease on the bottom of it. 4. Both the thickness of the pizza bread and the cheese on top of it  was too much. The grease on the bottom prevented most of us from finishing it. At least 1-1.5 inches high and it was not deep dish.5. The preparation of the salads were inconsistent. One salad had ranch dressing mixed in and the other had it on the side despite having been both ordered the same way. The lettuce was dry meaning it had not been washed prior to be served.6. The salads were not served in a salad bowl. They were served in what I would call a chilli cup.7. The burger was very dry; not a drop of moisture was found in it when we applied pressure. No joke.8. The onion rings were over-fried and had a weird look to them that is hard to describe almost as if they were right out of a page of a Dr. Seuss book. 9. The buns on the burger were oily and greasy. 10. The plates that the food was served on looked like they were barrowed from a mexican restaurant.11. The sour cream was the best looking thing on the plate that contained the quesadilla.12. The quesadilla was monsterously huge. When she brought it out I thought maybe somebody ordered a calzone.13. The bread on the top and bottom of the quesadilla was too greasy. 14. The chicken in the quesadilla was too large causing the contents of the quesadilla to all drop out as soon as you picked it up.15. We must have waited at least an hour before the food came out. 16. The food took a long time to come out of the kitchen and when it did come out of the kitchen, it did not come out all at once.17. The prices were too high, between 10-20. Items that you would think would be cheaper were a bit more expensive. I am by no means a cheap bastard. 18. The waitress recommended the most expensive item on steak menu. The cook did not have any kind of specialty. (Yes, I asked).19. The cuts of steak were very poor quality and had lots of fat. You could see how bad it was without having to cut into the steak to find out. 20. There was a lack of silverware on our table including steak knifes. 21. It had a weird assortment of people there; I was in wonderment.Diverti Bar and Grill sets an all time low for food. I wish I had taken a picture of it just so I would have further evidence to show that it was as bad as I've made it out to be. The style of food that we had was like no other type that I've had before. I wouldn't even serve it to my neighbor's dog. Honestly, save yourself some money and go to Jack-in-the-Box instead.
1	Astonishingly terrible. Gordon Ramsay would be pissed. We had taquitos that were far worse than the taquitos I have purchased from Costco and microwaved myself. Also a turkey wrap, which somehow arrived dripping in grease and filled with hot-lettuce. Straight up gross.
4	Parking's in the back. I guess that's non-obvious, from what I read on here.I finally decided to try this place out for lunch. The bartender (possibly the owner?) was very friendly and I like what they've done with the place. I had the 4-way, which is usually Cinci-style chilli, but they do it a bit different. I hated it at first because it wasn't what I expected but after a while I came to like it. I don't know what this place is like when it's packed with all the Trixies and Trevors from ASU in the evenings, but for a midday brew and lunch it was pretty damn nice.
3	Went here for the first time a little over a week ago and I've gone back twice since! There's almost constant country music (not my favourite) and something on TV. The pizza is what brings me back! The toppings are piled on and the whole thing is cooked just the way I asked. I believe they also host poker nights (I stumbled in on one and the place was packed!)
3	Food was pretty good as well as drink specials good place to go to before an ASU game.
1	The worst restaurant in Tempe hands down. I've been there several times and received the same poor service with the same sloppy food. Really it's a shame since it's a great location, but I can't wait to see what takes this place's spot.http://grtaylor2.com/2011/09/16/worst-restaurant-in-tempe-deverti-bar-gril/
