1	Ugh! After an afternoon spent at home depot picking out doors and faucets for our first house, my lovely and I had worked up an appetite.  We knew we wanted a patio, probably a brew, some lunch and a comfy table to discuss the handful of paint swatches we had in tow.  So, Tempe was the answer until on our way there we noticed this retro looking hamburger joint with a Miller High-life banner hanging in the window.  We decided to skip the drive and go for it, there was even a patio.We walked up and the first thing we saw was a freaky mannequin dressed in a stripper/"nurse" outfit placed in the window of the 500 sq ft building.  As soon as we entered the front door, it became clear that the mannequin wasn't the only one sporting this skimpy attire.  The waitresses also had on cheeky skirts, white fishnets, and boobs popping out of their blouses.  This was a sorry attempt as the class of the place left me feeling like I was at some Mesa dive bar, or better yet Band-Aids with burgers.  Creepy men were scattered throughout the tiny place drooling.  Just when I thought it couldn't get any stranger (or funnier!) I spotted the makeshift  bulletin board of the waitresses (all 2 of them) with 50+ pictures of them complete with handwritten captions, and numerous old creepy men like the ones there that afternoon.  It was hard for to believe this place was real, or that someone actually took it seriously!With grumbling bellies and confused looks on our faces we decided to order a couple of PBR's (either PBR or High-life the only 2 choices of brew), and took it to the cement patio.  After a brief glance at the one page menu: Hamburger, double, hot-dog, or fries, we decided to chug our 3 buck beers and find another lunch spot.Summing it all up, my bf said to me "I'm sure the burgers would've been good, I would just never eat there", followed by "Hey, they're just trying to make a buck".  Try harder...What a waste of a great location.
2	This place is such an easy target, its like piling on the fat, pimply kid in high school.  Here's what you need to know1.  Girls in uniform with things out that you can sadly and quite accidentally observe2.  They have hamburgers, hot dogs, and beer3.  Beer is PBR or the Champagne of Beers.  No other choices.4.  Diner style seating, long high tops, patios with umbrellas5.  Three high quality HD LCD screens in a decent, elevated spot.6.  There will be some shiesty characters present. 7.  Don't go here with your girlfriend.Their screens and ironic selection of beers earns 'em two stars.
3	That girl isn't wearing any pants.  Wait... none of these girls are wearing pants.Don't look down, don't look down, don't look down.Uncomfortable, awkward, unneccesarily eye contact-y hamburger.
2	Horrible beer selection.Overpriced burgers that taste like SPAM. Lots of bare ass cheeks. This wouldn't be a bad thing if I didn't see them sitting on the same vinyl covered stools the customers use. I'm not a germaphobe but I really don't want to sit in the same spot thats already been marked by a sweaty bare ass that I'm not familiar with. I gave an extra star only because they have coke in a bottle.
3	I didn't come here for the anorexic Asian or the brunette who lacked personality. I didn't come here because they show off their rib cages.. I came here to eat. The place is a gimmick inside a gimmick. They only offer PBR and Miller High Life. Their sodas are in bottles, with the Coke being Mexican glass bottled coke, which as we all know is fuckin' delicious. The menu consists of Single 1/2 lb. burger, Double, Triple, hot dog, french fries or onion rings. The burgers start at $8, going up $2 increments for every towering patty added. Fries or Rings are extra. The god damn burgers are  monstrous. With a double being probably 6" tall. But the Chef in me was a little puzzled at the timing of the food. The cook must of been bending the laws of thermodynamics because I got 1 lb. of cooked ground beef that was hot mind you, in 8 minutes. That tells me that they have the burgers "sandbagged" in the back. (Sandbag is a culinary term for partially cooked and ready to go.)The burger comes dressed with chili, American and Swiss cheese, and tomatoes. I paid $14 for coke, Double Burger and order of fries. Not "too" bad. Tax is included in the prices. I'd come back again, with my Ol' man. The food is guy food and the flagrant arm touches the 19 year old servers dish out is enough to keep my old man breathing another day...
2	I'm giving this place two stars because the food isn't THAT bad, albeit horribly overpriced and obviously not grilled to order.  Now, if I were giving stars for the number of times I unintentionally saw my waitresses... ahem...unmentionables, this place would get eleventy one stars.  I know it's a gimmick, but I really don't need or want to get a full view of my waitresses crotch while eating.  There's a reason strip clubs have buffets.  Nobody wants naked people serving them food.Speaking of food, the burgers are eight bucks.  Eight freakin bucks.  You realize that that's about how much a burger at delux is?  Of course, the sides don't come with your eight dollar burger.  They're a la carte.  So you want a burger, fries, coke and maybe a tip for your half-naked waitress, $15 easy.  Save your money and go to Chuck Box.   The burgers are better and the employees actually wear clothes.
2	I didn't think my burger was very tasty. It was big, but not delicious. In fact, the meat reminded me far too much of a really thick Burger King patty. It just didn't do it for me. I was into the idea of a big, tasty burger, and it left me full but dissatisfied. I honestly wouldn't eat there again. Surprisingly, if the burger were better, I would not mind the cheesy gimmick so much.The girls. Well, I've never been to a strip club but I hear that the girls at strip clubs love it when women come in. Probably because they're sick of being pawed at by the creepy dudes that likely frequent a place like this. There is a strip club caddy corner (is that even right?) from the place. I wonder if there is any correlation to the crowd at this place. So my point here is that the girls were nice, and flocked to me as a the sole female patron in the place. They were super sweet and pleased to talk to someone that wasn't checking for a nipple or a free glimpse of the cootie. The location. Good. Parking fine. It's small. It's a rennovated Jack in the Box. Basically, a let down. I had hoped that a place that clearly wants to drawn in the male crowd would do so with a combo of hot chicks and good burgers (with limited veggies taking up valuable real estate on the bun). But no, they just went for the hot chicks. So if you go, don't expect more than nice girls serving gigantic Burger King quality food.
2	This place is really foul.  If Hooters was full of meth heads and had inedible food, it would be this place. Most of their waitresses come from the strip joint across the street and while that should be a plus unfortunately they have the attitude that goes with the "people pay me to shake it" profession.  And keep in mind this isn a grade a strip club.The burgers taste gamey, which i didnt think was possible with beef.  The menu is limited, the beer list has 2, maybe 3 beers, and the only saving grace is if you're walking around and really want a coke in a bottle.It was a decent idea when it was heart attack grill and they all dressed like doctors, now it's just an extension of the strip club w/ a menu to match.
4	Okay, let me just say first off that most people are way too hard on this place. If you want posh atmosphere, shiny silverware and craft beers go to Delux (it's a couple miles away people). This not the place you go to for a date (unless your girl is cool like mine) or take your parents when they come into town, although mine would love it....We all know it's a gimmick and I'm fine with it as I have no qualms about being served a tasty burger by a scantily-clad co-ed. The burgers are monstrous! I prefer my double with just onions and cheese with chili cheese fries on the side and that is just plenty for me. The bread is tasty and thick enough that your fingers don't go through it when you take a big bite. This is more than I can say for many "gourmet" burger places I have eaten at. The meat is always just the way I like it  and that is key for me. I am an unrepentant carnivore!A couple of people I know have complained that the burgers taste a bit like meatloaf and once again....I really don't care...I'm a giant beer fan and can absolutely enjoy the best you can find but this is not the kind of place I would be looking for that. This is an unassuming and  chill place to kick back with your friends and not feel bad if there is mud on your boots. I say enjoy your PBR and burger outside and feel free to wipe your hands on your jeans. The staff really don't care if you do and I like that
1	after living in this city for several years i finnaly gave this place a try.  i wish i didnt.  the food was just a greasy slob of mess.  i got their burger, the "famous" one that they are know for.  bleh.  oh and the girls dressed like strippers before the song starts is really not appealing.  if you wear white tank tops, have a mullet, enjoy coors light out of the can, then this might be your place.
1	I went in here a couple of weeks ago thinking this was a cool fast food joint with burgers and beer, etc. I was surprised when I walked inside to see waitresses dressed real slutty like. Now, I'm definitely not complaining about the concept, but puh-leez employ a better selection of waitresses.The burgers come with pickles and chili. I asked for a burger with no pickles or chili. I was served a burger that included pickles and chili. Oh well, I was hungry and in a hurry. The $8 burger sucked even after pulling out the pickles ( the chili wasn't anything special). It was like chewing on a hockey puck.
1	Holy Jesus this place is awesome....Never before in my life have I been to a restaurant where we sat down for ten minutes, were the only people in there didn't get served and left....I have also never been into a restaurant that made Hooters look like a place I would be comfortable taking my grandmother.The long and the short of it.....if you like anorexic big fake boobed ugly cocaine sniffing waitresses begging for your tips serving you you will probably love this place.If you like tables that look like they havent been wiped with anything other then a damp cloth this decade to eat off of you will love this place.If you like food that smells like a used diaper filled with hot dogs and indian food you will love this place.If you like all of the above at prices that are double the going rate of any other similar restaurant you will love this place.We saw the big PBR sign and it had a clever name and we pulled over to try it....I will never make that mistake again.I do not love this place.....at all...... even a bit.  We couldnt stomach even trying the $6 hot dogs (with out fries and Oscar Mayer brand that you pay $3 for 8 at the store)Overall don't bother.....this place sucks.
3	Wow, I didn't realize Yelp was full of people lacking humor and personality. Get a fucking grip people. It's a small shack with neon Miller Light signs. Did you expect micro brews and the waitresses to have on black dresses, pearl necklaces and heels? A wine list perhaps? As a few reviewers mentioned, this place is a gimmick. If you want the latest hipster food trend you read in Food & Wine all the time, go for it. If you want gourmet burgers, that's fine too. You can even eat at Ruth's  Chris or Morton's every night. There's nothing wrong with any of the above of course, I've been to Ruth's Chris, Union Trust steak house in Philadelphia, I enjoy Fogo de Chao every once in a while, but sometimes, just sometimes, you want to just say fuck it and have some light-hearted greasy (see that?) fun and a fucking beer to wash it down.  The only thing I can possibly relate to is if you did not expect the girl's to be dressed the way they are and you brought your family with you. Other than that, you folks need a reality check.PS: They offer a LE/military discount probably because the owner of the place "gets it". Damn shame they closed up.
