5	Michele Pantera is an amazing seamstress! I have literally had her rebuild clothes for me. She's very accommodating and quick. She works out of her home (Deer Valley & Cave Creek Roads) and takes appointments between 10-5 Monday - Friday (Thursdays she'll go until 9 PM.) and she does one Saturday a month. BUT, if those times don't work for you, it's still worth a call because she'll do what she can to (in the words of Tim Gunn...) "make it work," if at all possible! I've used her for alterations, but I've seen custom designs, bridal and theater pieces she's been working on. Her prices are very reasonable and she offers a "stamp" for every $10 you spend and when you've racked up 10 stamps you get $20 of free services!
5	Michelle, the owner was amazing! I was in a wedding and the bridal shop really screwed up almost 10 girls dresses! Mine was too big, not the pencil style and Michelle altered it to fit perfectly! I got so many compliments at the wedding! I now love the style of that dress...thanks Michelle! She turned everything around so quickly, she was afforfdable and super professional. I am wearing the dress in my profile pic, I am on the right.
5	Michelle is phenomenal. After the bridal shop I went to continually messed up mine and my 10 bridesmaids orders I went searching for an independent shop to get the alterations done. I heard great things about her on theknot.com and after a few brief email back and forth decided to not only take my dress to her, but also refer my bridesmaids to her as well. She did such a great job on my designer gown, which was quite difficult with tulle, beading, crystals and lots of intricate details. She also attached my cap sleeves and made a custom bustle combining both American and European styles. She also gave me great advice for the day of and was so extremely pleasant to work with. Not only does she have the best prices I found in the Valley but she also saved me money by letting me borrow her slip to add more volume to the skirt of my dress. Additionally, she did wonders with my girls dresses, taking some of them in by 2 or more dress sizes and thinking outside the box to add length to one bridesmaids dress that was too short. She is flexible, friendly, professional and I would highly recommend her to any bride, bridesmaid or anyone looking for alterations. She also does custom work too!
5	So, I found Michele on Yelp (AKA here) and THANK GOD I DID.  I bought a brand new gray dress for our honeymoon to Ireland in December, and when I put it on to show it off to my husband... the zipper caught on some of the fabric in the back.We had to CUT me out of my dress.  Shreds of zipper lay dead at my feet.So, I took it to Michele and told her the whole story... Not a problem she said...And today I picked up my perfect dress with a perfect zipper... yaaaay!If you needed to trust anyone with the life of your favorite fabric, trust Michele!
