5	i spent all of last summer in this bar. yeah, it's in mesa. yeah, you can...oops, could smoke there, which was my friends were in love with it. it's small, a dive bar complete with white trash/cowboy patrons and bar flys and kick ass juke box. it has darts and pool tables and cheap drinks. it's got a palo verde-esqu ambiance, but without the too-punk-rock-for-you attitude. it's a nice escape from the tempe scene to be honest, a local dive where no one cares about your tattoos, your drunken antics or that you're dancing to david bowie because, well, he's invited you to."Let's Dance!"* editor's noteWhen I say "no one cares about your tattoos," i don't mean in the sense that you won't get dirty looks for them or judged by them. i meant this isn't the kind of dive where a pin up girl or koi fish is a requisite for coolness. it's just an honest, mesa dive and you don't get shit for street cred so leave the 'tude at home. or go to Palo
3	Old school dive bar.Found this place while strip mall crawling.  I almost did not go in because the mall is a dead mall and the other live ventures I remember seeing were pawn shop and oriental massage.Jupes turned out to be an OK place.  Friendly service and customers with cheap cold domestic beer.  Finished a pitcher of domestic draft with my trusty companion then headed back out on the trail of tears in search of the next watering hole.
5	This is a Five Star Dive Bar. Awesome, chances are you'll be outnumbered by all the local croonies in this hood. Bring a pair of fake Billy Bob teeth and you'll fit right in.
4	Great little Dive Bar with a great cast of patrons. The weekend bartender is amazingly funny and cute.Good drinks and cold beer
5	If you are looking for dive bar welcome to the deep end! Jupes is a step into the Minnesota/North Dakota backroads less the gunracks and mudboggin. Jupe's is a great place for a cold beer or a stiff drink. Tap is limited to Bud, Bud light, and Miller light. The mini fridge has a good selection of jelloshots and the bar is otherwise well stocked.Come on down and get you drink on.
5	My favorite bar in the 480. You can't beat the price of this place. Great service and a must see if you love dive bars.
5	I was a bartender at Jupes off and on for 20 years! Love the owners, they are my family!! Never had a better job or time in my life, ice cold beer, frozen glasses, great clientele. You can shoot pool, throw darts, play the ass kickin jukebox or just sit and get tore up with the regulars!! The bar is kept very dark so let your eyes adjust when you walk in and if you are a Minnesota Vikings fan.........this place is for you!!!
4	Friend told me she was going stir crazy, just moved her from Colorado and wanted to get out of her 4 walls and wanted to shoot some pool, me not being a pool shark had no idea where to go, but knew someone at work who would, he told me to check out Jupes, so I told her come Friday night we are hitting Jupes,What a great little neighborhood find we found, Jupes is like Cheers for our hood, it's a nice little dive bar, which I liked, had 2 pool tables, friendly bartenders and customers were nice too, didn't seem to mind the 2 new chicks. We played a couple of games, and then decided it was time to go run amuck, so off we went!I can say I will be back to Jupes, liked the feel of the place!
5	.Minnesota Vikings BarIf you are into Dive Bars and the Minnesota Vikings this is the place you wanna be on Sunday.  I first found this place a while back while on a Day Drinking Dive Bar Safari. Then later I was at another Dive telling of my visit here and the guy said they were Vikings Bar.  I stopped in recently for an early game and a pitcher and the place was standing room only.  Long story short ....the beer flowed, the crowd cheered, the Vikings won,  women sang the Vikings Fight Song, Viking War Horns sounded...place was nuts...
5	Jupe's met all the qualifications for a great dive bar:Nondescript, almost obscure location in a nondescript strip mall; early 80's decor (such as dark wood paneling) that has not been updated; cheap drinks; asuper friendly sweetheart of a bartender and a great crowd (the kind that chat you up when you're having a smoke outside)I'm pretty bummed that I live so far away from here because this would totally be my hangout if I lived in that neck of the woods. I will definitely be back for a couple of beers because this is a fun place. But I won't be getting my serious drink on here unless I get a local to take me home.In all seriousness though, Jupe's is one of the best Dive Bars in The Valley and definitely worth checking out.
4	If "dive bar" were in the dictionary, it would have a picture of Jupe's. This place feels like the middle of nowhere, in a strip mall far removed from anything noteworthy whatsoever. This appears to be the only attraction with a one-mile radius, and something about that inspires patrons to get really really trashed. They've got a kinda sorta punk rock thing going on. They keep their liquor bottles (like Jager) IN THE FREEZER. It's like being at a house party! 4/5 would come back.
5	Jupe's is a great dive bar,  we been going there for over 25 years,  always get your moneys worth on your drink.  The owners Steve and Renae are great people.  Its not smokey anymore thanks to all the do gooders with the no smoking laws.The bar is good for sports on the TVs also.   Its dark and it is the main tenant in the strip center because of its longevity.   We always fall back on Jupe's to go to.   We live in the neighbor hood so its easy to get to and from.   Have seen a lot of good people come and go,  your always made to feel welcome.   Stop by and have a good drink.  Its worth it.   Its a Vikings bar by the way.
5	The absolute BEST dive bar in Tempe!
5	Stopped in for a drink after a long bike ride.  Total dive bar, but patrons and staff were very friendly.  I didnt have a bike lock and the patrons/owner said i could just bring in the bike while I got smashed.  I must have spent about $20 after being there for 2-3 hours.  I think the beers are $2.  Its a cash only bar, but they have an ATM in the front.  I will definitely be heading there again soon.
5	never seen it? I bet not. it's hidden and stays that way for a reason. never to crowded or loud. Minnesota oriented. cash only. a time warp if you've never been there. a must try.
5	We go to Jupes all the time! We love this place!!! Chris and Carrie are awesome, the beer is frosty and cheap and we love that its a neighborhood bar. The trivia night (Thursday) is so fun and they have a great juke box.
