4	Replacing an unsuccessful print and framing shop on the corner of 35th and North Davidson, tattoo artist and native Charlottean Joey Vernon has put together a shop full of phenomenal artist  with Fu's Custom Tattoo's that has become one of the busiest businesses in the NoDa neighborhood in the last year.The non-inked can cringe and marvel at the artistry with the window booth on gallery crawls while fans of skin art can get tattooed in the open and social set up throughout the rest of the shop.  Or they can swing in and scope out the adjacent Baku art gallery that houses some of the ink houses' artists' canvas works beyond the skin.In my thirteen some odd years of being tattooed, and having sat for five different artist, this is one of the most laid back and social tattoo parlors that I have graced.  It makes for a very comfortable setting during what can prove to be a somewhat uncomfortable experience.Old school traditional, japanese, black work, et cetera.  They have a stable of more than competent artist that can either translate the artwork you bring with you or create a one of a kind piece to last a lifetime.I have sat with Matt Terry who is insanely good and look forward to having Joey work on me in the not too distant future...
5	Christian and Hayley are rockstars.  Everytime you see someone with an awesome tat in Charlotte odds are they have done it.  Their work is professional and beautiful.  I put down a deposit and was told it might cost more based on the complexity and time but it didn't cost anymore.  Very fair, very good and I will definitley be back!!!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!Nathan Fish did an amazing job with my tattoo and I couldn't have been more pleased with it. I saw this picture online that I liked and printed it off as a basis for my tattooo. Nathan took the picture and made revisions for the specifics I wanted. The ending result was more than I expected, IT LOOKED BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL!I think another great thing about this place is the people are awesome. It is really important for me to connect with my tattoo artist, and I didn't feel that when I got my first tattoo at a different shop. I went with my best friend Winnie and she got her tattoo with Travis Lakeman. Her tattoo turned out amazing as well. Both our artists made us feel comfortable and at ease, which is important if you are sitting there for hours getting tattooed. Not to mention all of these guys are artists and you can see their art work displayed at each of their stations and in the art gallery connected to their shop. It is a great way to see their artistic abilities and expression, which is what tattooing is all about. The overall experience was excellent and the price is extremely reasonable. They will not over charge you! I would definitely go back for another tattoo and recommend this place for anyone who wants a tat!
2	My husband has been researching places to find an artist with whom he could have a long standing and lucrative relationship.  After checking out places on Yelp, we decided to head down to NODA to check out Fu's Custom Tattoos.  We walked in around 1:20pm and spoke with the receptionist who was nice ( reason I am giving one star out of two).  There was only one tattoo artist there since they just opened.  He was in the front booth.  I am sure to all that know this place, I do not have to mention a name.  He seemed VERY disinterested, but spoke to my husband anyway and we figured it was just his personality.  My husband showed him some ideas he liked for a half-sleeve, but also said that the artist could have creative freedom to come up with something original.  The artist took a $50 deposit and made an appt with my husband for 2 weeks later, on a Sunday, at 1pm.  My husband was very excited.So, two weeks roll around and we head out to NODA.  I could tell my husband was really looking forward to his appointment and tattoo.  There was a huge bike race going on in NODA and it was fun to watch (we got there a little early).  When it was time, we went to Fu's.  The receptionist greeted us, but seemed surprised that my husband had an appointment and began texting pretty quickly on her phone.  She told us that the artist was running late and to have a seat.  1:10, no artist. 1:15, no artist. 1:20, no artist. 1:25, no artist. 1:30, the receptionists tells us that he has been in a "bump-up" and is waiting for the police.  She asks my husband to reschedule.  My husband works many odd hours and did not know his schedule offhand. The receptionist said that she would have the artist call my husband the next day to reschedule.  We head home....Monday, no phone call all day.  Tuesday my husband calls and said that he wants his deposit back.  No tattoo from Fu's after all that.Here is what I have to say about the situation: 1. If you were truly in an accident, I am sorry and I hope all is OK (benefit of the doubt gives Fu's one more star).2. Also, if you were unavailable to call my husband the next day, you should have  had the receptionist call.3. If you were not in a "bump up", and just didn't want to do the work and make money, it would be better customer service to direct us to an artist that would be happy to do it than to put us through all this.(also an artist that wants a customer to turn into a recurring client!)  Gas is expensive!I never write reviews on Yelp.  This is my first one.  I would have rather it been more positive, but being in the customer service business myself, I am sensitive to bad service.
5	I had an excellent experience at Fu's.  I was in Charlotte over the Christmas holiday and decided to go get tattooed with two of my best friends.  We called a week before out appointment and just emailed the design to the artist- how much easier does it get???  When we got there, we were greeted by the wonderful receptionist and met our artist- Hans- who did some amazing work!  All and all it was a wonderful experience and I would definitely go back!
5	Awesome place to get a tattoo!  Great atmosphere, very nice staff and most importantly my tattoo is FU-@$&!&$ sweet!  I was worked on by Hans. I could not have asked for a more professional, courteous, artist and that's just it he is an artist. Love my quarter sleeve. Can't wait to come back and get more done. Thanks Hans and FU Custom.
4	Nathan Fish did my boyfriend's tattoo and it turned out amazing. We were there for about 5 hours and had nothing short of a good time. We had no trouble setting up an appointment and consultation. The fee was 100$ an hour. We were booked at 1:00 and he didn't start tattooing till 2:00, I believe another appointment went over, but we were out by 6:00p and only paid $300. I suggest Fu's to anyone looking to get a tattoo, there are photos of each artist's style on their website.
5	So after 16 years I decided to get another tattoo to cover up one I got when I was 18.  After doing some research and finally deciding to go to FU's I was introduced to Hans.  Upon first meeting him he didn't strike me a what I had in mind as a tattoo artist. But after talking to him and telling him what I was looking for I had set up my appointment for 3 weeks later. Hans told me he would draw something's up and have them for me the day of the appointment.  Upon arriving I was told he was running behind and wasn't sure how long it was going to be.  But hey the man is an artist and I really wasn't expecting him to be as excited to start as I was.  After the shortest wait I've ever had for some one who was running behind which was a whole 3 minutes. I was then a little surprised and worried when he told me he hadn't prepared anything and if I could show him a picture he could draw something up.  Now I was thinking uh oh this could be bad but remember I did say Hans was an artist and his is where he proved it or real.   After taping a pic to a arm rest he went to work by drawing a sketch on my arm for 45 minutes and when I saw what he had done I was more than impressed.  I made one minor change and Hans went to work.  I sat there for he next 4 hours looking around at one of he coolest places you old choose to get ink done.   From the chair at the front window I sat there and watched countless people walk up and down the streets of NoDa while also checking out a Kelly Slater ESPN special that was playing brought the window of Cabo Fish Taco.  I have to say from the view and just listening to the people that work at FU's my experience was definitely enjoyable. But as for Hans I'm truly impressed he is the man.  My quarter sleeve cover up is amazing and I will most definitely be getting my future work done by him.   If your in Charlotte and looking to have something done call FU's and ask to meet with Hans because he is the man. Oh yeah and if you were wondering it only cost about half of what other shops in the area were wanting for a similar piece and time.
5	Brought a rough sketch in and gave it to Jake.  A few days later when I came in for my appt I was amazed.  Jake had taken my sketch and made it ten times better and cleaner looking.  The actual process was quick and painless and it looks awesome.  I would definitely recommend Fu's and Jake.
5	I went here on the reccomendation of a friend. Went on Saturday, they are open late and accept walk-ins, I called ahead to see about a wait and headed in. They were very busy with all different types of people getting pierced/tatt'ed. Excellent staff and the artist drew exactly what I wanted. If I was planning another tattoo I would definately head back.
1	Thank you Fu Tattoo for completely ruining my husbands tattoo. What was once two initials with a heart is now one big blob. If you can't do a touch up on a customer you need to tell them. Awful. I will make sure to add a picture so everyone can see the work you clowns do.
4	I actually love Fu's. I've gotten all my tattoos done here and I'm returning for more. Customer service is kind of lacking, but it's not horrible which is why I rate 4 stars out of 5. Other than that, I love this place.
5	I was visiting a pal in Charlotte for a few days and I had been itching for a new tattoo (or two.) I saw so much great body art all over Charlotte and every time I asked someone where they got it, the answer was always "Fu's."My friend and I went in and left our names and a description of what we wanted and were told that if a slot opened up they'd call us. An hour and a half later I got the call to be there in 15 minutes. I arrived and met my AMAZING artist, Matty.I showed Matty what I had in mind and he quickly threw together some sketches. He patiently did tweak after tweak to the designs until they were EXACTLY what I wanted. He was awesomely hilarious and had a super laid back vibe but at the same time, he was very professional and trustworthy. He listened to my wishes and gave me exactly what I wanted and it barely hurt (ok it hurt like hell but he was so amusing that the pain was dulled.)Matty has the brute masculinity of a viking raised by wolves. I promised him I would say that if he did a perfect job on my ink and he did so I said it but it's also TOTALLY TRUE!If you are in Charlotte and need a tattoo, GO SEE MATTY and tell him Callie from Cali sent you. He might get upset about Biggie but that's his problem. ;)
5	I've been here twice and my husband also had a piece done, all our work was by Christian so I can't comment on the other artists in the studio.  Great staff, nice work, very professional and easy to communicate. The shop looks clean, always seems busy and booked in advance.  I've heard good things about the other artists as well and will be back in the future!
5	Just got my first tattoo with Jake and I'm real happy about it. He's super good, did a great sketch and placement first time, and I love my tattoo and the experience.
4	Fu's is awesome! There are many artists that specialize in different types of ink so choose your artist carefully. I stumbled upon a pretty great one there that is unfortunately moving however I've seen some pretty sick work from the others. There are 10 artists total and seem to always be booked. Walk-ins are allowed but I urge you to make an appt. Everything is clean inside and friendly receptionist lady, whatever her official title is! Only negative is the space, need more seating room while you're waiting, and a few of the artists seem a little cramped (but not bad!) There are no pics or slides of tattoos to browse from...why would u pick one off a sheet of paper that anyone else can get?! They are custom tattoos.
4	I went here with a friend today on a whim to get her nose pierced. The piercing cost $25, which I think is inexpensive compared to other places I've been to. Keith, the guy that did the piercing, was friendly and patient with us. My friend said it hurt more than she anticipated, but I think Keith's humor helped to make the whole process more bearable. The atmosphere in this place was pretty appeasing for someone like myself who has a low tolerance for pain. I was actually almost tempted to get another piercing or even a tattoo myself!
5	I went in for a quick wrist tattoo. They were friendly and really nice. It was my first tattoo and i had an overall awesome experience.  My tattoo artist, Matty, was really cool as well and very thorough with how it was going to be and how to care for it. I totally suggest going there! I'm very happy and will go back if I end up getting another.
5	Not only do they have some of the best tatoos artists in the city, they have an amazing piercing artist who uses only the finest quality peircings. No infections from nickel content or unclean instruments,  no guns. Keith keeps a very clean environment. Fu's Custom Tatoos also sports a beautiful art gallery that features a different artist about once a month. Definitely a hidden gem worth a stop even if you are not interested in body art!
5	I've been going to Matt at Fu's since before they moved to Noda. I have 5 pieces of artwork some new and some coverups, wouldn't go anywhere else. Great tattoo parlor,  great artists and atmosphere. Don't think you'll walk-in and get ink on the spot,  it's by appointment and they are busy because they are that good. Highly recommend Fu's.
5	All I have to say is Hayley is very talented. I had a great experience here, you may need to be patient. I took me about 3 months to get in to see her, but was well worth the wait.
5	My girlfriend and I just had great experience with Travis at fu's.   We both experienced him listening to what we wanting, excution was excellent and place was pristine.
