3	I was asked what I want for dinner tonight, I say Mexican. Okie Dokie then, where? I say Manuel's since we have never been, Okie Dokie then.So we arrive and are greeting by three people and taken directly to a booth, which for me is strike number one. I hate booths my body is just not made for them. But there seems to be no tables. I assume the interior is meant to feel like an outside courtyard, it does not in the least feel as such. I am truly over the open duct work look.  But it is clean and not overpowered with music, and thank God no TV's. So we are then greeted by our waitperson, Patches. Yes her real name, I asked. Most wait persons could learn a thing or two from her, very friendly but not over familiar and patient in answering any question and making sure you understand the menu and what comes on the dish. I watched her take the same care with all of her quests, but not letting the attention delay her service.Now on to the food. I did not like the chips and salsa, to me the chips tasted like cardboard and the salsa had cilantro. I do not like cilantro and if I am aware it will be in the dish; ask that it be left out. I had the tacos with pork. I liked this a lot, the meat was tender and very flavourful the cilantro on this comes in a separate bowl. My mate had the sampler plate; he did not like the food at all. He said it had a hint of flavour and that would be the same flavour for each sample. So he was not impressed. I doubt we will be back as there are other places as close to our home we like better.
1	I tried this place for the first time and ordered their special on Sunday of enchiladas,eggs, and beans. My daughter ordered the taco salad. The chips and salsa arrived with a small bowl of chips and huge bowl of salsa ( very amusing). The chips had a burnt taste to them but did not appear burnt. Did not eat emm. When our plates arrived the taco salad was typical, served in the fried tostada bowl and her words were, "it's ok". My plate looked ok until I noticed I had only one fried egg on my plate...strange..they usually come in pairs. When I mentioned this to our waitress, she said there should be 2 and said she would get it taken care of. A few moments later she arrived with a plate with a very raw egg on it. It was not even fried...it almost looked like a poached egg...but raw.I showed our waitress and she said that it didn't like right to her either , but the cook told her to serve it to me. I was upset...with situation and asked to speak to a manager. He arrived and I explained the events and he said.."well I didn't see the egg, so I am not sure what happened". I assured him it was raw and he said he was sorry and that he ask the cook about it and he left. he did not offer any compensation for it and as a matter of fact the waitress is the one that gave me an employee discount. The manager did not appear to care about the situation and the cook obviously could not even cook an egg...I will not return.
3	It's official I can probably eat Mexican food every day.  Either for lunch or for dinner.  What else could explain two nights in a row?  After a little pre-vacation shopping the husband and I were hungry.  Manuel's was right in front of us and we decided to go on in.  The weather was nice so we sat outside.  The seating here is very back yard with a pool seating.  Tables made out of rod iron.  Uncomfortable chairs that are angled weirdly.  Not the most comfortable.  Our waiter came over immediately (he was the also the bartender) to take our drink order, our chips and salsa came out shortly after.  I do have to agree with the other Yelpers.  What is with the small bowl of chips?  It would behoove Manuels to get a bigger bowl so they dont have to go back and forth 20 times for more chips.  My husband dislikes onions but also likes things a little spicier.  He ordered the hot sauce and it came in even a smaller dish.  He said it tasted like "spicy ketchup".  He still liked it.  I ordered the Fiesta Platter.  A bunch of different things for $11.50.  It was good.  Their beans were delish.  I think that might have been my favorite thing.  The star in this dish was probably the mini pollo especial.  Several different things come out on one plate.  The pollo especial has a sauce tht they absolutely covered.  Inside is plenty of chicken.  You can see all of the big chunks left.  That was good.  It was a tad bit salty but it was good.  My hubby ordered the # 1 combo dinner.  Red chili burro, cheese enchilada, beans.  He liked it.  If he's not talking during dinner he's into the meal.  Either that or he's just super hungry.  Our meal was good.  The wait staff was super attentive.  In a pinch it did just fine.
4	This review is based totally on the food, I haven't actually eaten in the reasturant, we've always had it delievered with http://www.youbuyandwefly.com or picked it up.  But the food is good.  It's not the best mexican food in the valley but it's yummy.  The only thing I don't like is it's not really consistant.  Some nights the food is fantastic some times it's meh ok.  I order the fajitas a lot I love them and they aren't the least healthy thing on the menu lol.  Some nights the are full and yummy some nights it seems like a lunch portion or something becaue it's half of what I usually get (which for me is enough for two meals).
5	THIS is my NEW favorite restaurant in Goodyear!  GREAT service, love the bartenders they are very attentive!  THE food is another plus. YOU won't be disappointed.
4	I was an attendee at a baby shower that they graciously held in their bar area... it was great to be around a bunch of drunk women and a crazy pregnant woman.The server was very pleasant, she came back regularly to check on us and refill drinks.  We were able to order our own stuff if we wanted to or we could just eat the flautas or mini-chimi's on the table purchased by my gracious hostess sister.Flautas and mini-chimi's... you can't go wrong.  Love that stuff.
3	Salsa was decent, Food average.  Not bad, but I won't stop there again.  Travelling through Phoenix on our way back to Tucson and tried to find some relatively authentic Mexican food  This worked out fine, but was nothing to get excited about..
3	We took a family friend here for some dinner as he was traveling from New Orleans to LA. I've heard good things and I've been wanting to try it for sometime. I can only speak for the Pollo Especial I had, and it was very good. Service was good, and our server even made sure we were squeezed in at the happy hour prices. If this were located in someplace besides the SW (say Indiana or Ohio) then I think people would be giving this 5-stars. But here in the valley, there are much more flavorful and authentic Northern Mexican places to eat.
3	I am giving 3 stars because I expected better Mexican in Phoenix than in Denver.  If it were in Denver, I would have given it 4 stars at least.  The frozen margarita was awesome however.  I could see if you are in Phoenix in the middle of the summer going to this place.
1	-Food is decent, not the best Mexican food. It's about $7.75 for a 2-item combo during lunch, no rice or beans. Taco shell was dripping with grease and the meat was room temp. That's appetizing, right?-The WORST waitress EVER!!!! We thought she was either drunk or on some sort of drugs! We tipped the bus boy instead. It was too late to ask for a different Food Server...we were stuck with her. -Waitress told us she was going to clear off dishes at another table and will be back to take our order, even after we were sitting there waiting already for 10 minutes and told her we WERE ready to order....we saw her chatting with another table. Who does this?-The Busboy acted more professional than the Food Server. She was "in-your-face" patronizing, rather a very "fake friendly", and acted like someone who had been drinking, it was really uncomfortable.-Chips and salsa were good.-Not a good value for the price/portion.-Hostess was friendly. -I would NEVER eat here again, esp since there are so many other choices for Mexican food in the Valley.
2	Very slow service, seems the employee that provides chips and salsa upon arrival was on break.  When the server finally greeted us, she said he'll be back soon, but didn't offer to bring some herself.  Food was delivered same time as complimentary chips.  The waitress never came back for drink refills until she brought the check.  We had to raid an empty table for a place setting as we were shorted.The food was less than average but not awful.  Average value but leaning to slightly over priced.In my opinion there are several Mexican restaurants in the vicinity I would choose over this one in a heart beat.
3	Nothing to write home about but will do for an average meal.  Salsa was good.  Meal was average and service uninspired. At least we beat the dinner rush so there wasn't a wait.
4	Delicious Mexican food, have great service and sometimes on the weekends they have live music.  Good place to come relax and watch a game or listen to music.
4	Love it! We go there about once a month. Sometimes we'll get a below average waitress, but for the most part we are well taken care of. Love the chips and salsa & the green chili burritos. The taco salad isn't great.
3	12/26 dinner. Very very long wait for food..service was poor. Our server~Heather wasn't pleasant or friendly to say the least.
3	My wife and I really enjoyed the food and the salsa. We also had very good service and did not experience any of the negative things that I had seen on Yelp. That being said, I have to mark them down because their prices are absurd! It's Mexican food- tortillas, chicken, beans, and cheese... You can't charge me $13 for that! That is more than my steak, salad, and side at Outback... Twice the price of a meal at Costa Vida (which is a Mexican grill in the same strip mall)!
1	I cannot believe how bad the food was here.  Lets start with the salsa, terrible.  It tasted like some peppers and tomatoes mixed with store purchased Pace salsa.  The appetizers of Chicken Nachos where soggy from the second they hit the table.  My wife order Shrimp fajitas, that arrived just warm and not sizzling on the plate like they should be.  I ordered a Chimichanga that was so bland and dry I could only eat a quarter of it.  Even my daughter could not eat her bean and cheese burrito because she said it was so dry.After a $71 lunch bill ??? I still cannot believe it was that much, I will NEVER go back to this place again.  How they are still in business I have no idea, as I've had a better burrito's at Taco Bell.
1	My family went to this restaurant on a Saturday night . Walking in and seeing how vacant the place was should have been a sign to walk away. My family was seated promptly and the service was ok, One of the dishes ordered contained shrimp. The shrimp was horrible! It was tough and not fresh. The shrimp tasted as if it was cooked without being defrosted. The waiter was informed of how horrible the meal was. He took it back with the food still on the plate. We asked to see the Manager and after multiple request it took over 15 minutes for him to arrive. When we informed of the meal he said there was nothing he could do and would not refund the meal. The way he handled the situation was very unprofessional and rude. He then took out his phone and showed us a photo of the plate and it showed the whole plate cleaned off which it wasn't! This manager was horrible and should never run a restaurant. He was very unprofessional and I would never go there again!
3	We stopped by for dinner on Friday night and the place was packed. When we walked in the sitting area was full of people waiting. Since we decided to sit in the bar we were able to get a table right away. I am not sure if this was a good or a bad thing. Our drink order was taken fairly quickly and our chips and salsa arrived promptly. The chips were so-so and the salsa was unusual but we decided we liked it. I ordered a margarita which I did not think was very good.  It took a while for the waiter to make it back to take our order but that was nothing compared to the time it took for our food to come out. My husband ordered some type of casserole so maybe that took a little longer to cook or something but wow!  Once our food arrived I was a little disappointed to find out that my chile Rellano was wrapped in egg instead of fried but other than that it was ok. My hubby's casserole was also ok. Like the other reviewers the food is decent, not the best mexican food we have had. It also seemed like the more the place cleared out the better the service was. In all this was much better and cheaper then Arriba Grill down the road and we enjoyed the atmosphere. We will probably give it another try on a less crowded night.
2	The service was terrible - the food was not much better. We waited forever for our drink orders, but tried to give them the benefit of the doubt because our kids had to get milk from the bar. When we had to get the chip guy to refill our drinks, I knew it was no fluke. We then pulled up the Yelp reviews and read all about what we were living at that moment. But as we hasn't gotten our food yet, we still had to wait. I was full of chips and water, so I wasn't  able to finish main course. The only reason I took it home was because I was taught as a child not to waste food. Won't be back-ever. Wasn't all  bad, but with so many good restaurants within a couple of miles, eating here would be a waste of time and money.
3	My first time coming to Manuel's and was really disappointed. The waitress/bartender was really slow, they're usually quick about bringing you chips a dip, took approx. 10 min. I ordered the red Chimichanga. enchilada style, with red sauce, she brought it with green sauce, when I told her about the mistake, her fix was to bring a side of the red sauce... Not good customer service. I had an Arnold Palmer to drink, she never offered to refill it until I asked for the check. Now don't get me wrong, 1 bad day does not break this place for me. This waitress/bartender just needs to pick up her game if she's going to be successful here.
3	I loved the salsa. My shrimp tacos were just okay. Next time I'll try something else.. The fried ice cream was fantastic!
2	I have never eaten here before, and I will NOT do it again. I ordered veggie fajitas. It came with zucchini, onions, corn and some kind of spicy red pepper. It was utterly flavorless aside from heat from the pepper. I don't think they even added salt/pepper. These were seriously the worst fajitas I have ever had. It comes with corn or flour tortillas. I had flour and they were good. It came with tomatillo salsa which was meh. The only thing I enjoyed aside from the tortillas were the refried beans. Talk about a waste of 12.75. I would have been better off at Chipotle.
3	After moving to Buckeye from a small town with nothing but sub-par Mexican restaurants I swore I would never eat at another Mexican place again. Of course we were taken to Manuels for a "thank you" dinner from some friends. The 4 of us were immediately seated and after a short time got a hot bowl of chips. Now was my chance to try a fish taco. Nope, never had one and never wanted to spend money and not like it. This was a great  I must say!. Not battered or fried but grilled. The bummer was I chose the corn tortilla and was embarassed to try and eat the the darn thing coming apart due to steaming it. Nothing short of shoving it in my mouth made it possible to eat. I also looked like a slob because they don't give spoons so it was too messy trying to get more then 5 pieces of rice on my fork without it falling all over the place. Can't really rate the taste.  My husband and I returned for a lunch date and got there when it first opened. Kinda wierd that the chips weren't warm like the first time. Got the chicken taco salad and since I can't eat sour cream and wasn't going to eat the fried tortilla bowl I realized there's not much chicken in that dish. I got a heck of alot of lettuce though (I left a little hungry) We did have nice service both times and I did catch a cute (private) moment coming from the ladies room. One of the waiters was quietly whispering I love you to one of the waitress. They were embarassed when I tried to walk past unnoticed. Not the greatest place but I will go back as it's clean and I love the fish tacos.
1	Don't go to Manuels... food is BLAND ,then don't ask for anything extra like 2 tiny plastic cups of green sauce,,, $2.00. Frys has 8oz for $1.00.Taco bell is much better!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	The service was very sweet and well-meaning, so as an experience where I sit still in an air-conditioned space and people bring me stuff, this was fine.The stuff... not so fine. Let's get the party started with... stale chips. I am also skeptical that the sangria contained any alcohol at all. While I'm grateful to have not had a buzz on with a drive home, if I'd wanted alcohol-free fruit juice, I would have stopped at Fry's for a quart of cran-grape and paid less than the $6.50 that went with a small glass of mostly ice.The steak fajitas consisted of a great mass of caramelized onion and seven small strips of the most gristly steak I've ever encountered. The fajita strips I buy at the supermarket are openly "meat leftovers we can't sell otherwise," and they have less gristle. I seriously worried about pulling a tooth loose while trying to bite through these and had to give up on wrapping the fajita fillings in tortillas, which is kind of the gist of the fajita experience.Or not, since only two tortillas are provided. Do not look to the guacamole for flavor; it could well be the shortening-and-green-coloring kind sold at the supermarket.Oh, and the free wi-fi wasn't connected to the internet. Um, what's the point of wi-fi,then?I went into Manuel's thinking "I'll be adventurous, I'll support local business, I remember having really good food for cheapish at a Manuel's right after I moved to Phoenix." I left feeling that the proprietors were laughing at people like me for paying $15 an entree for food that doesn't measure up to most people's home leftovers.That's the last time I impulsively stop at a restaurant before checking Yelp, as any number of people could have warned me.
2	The food was just "ok." The service very underwhelming. With the sheer number of Mexican food restaurants around the Valley, there really is never a reason to eat mediocre food with mediocre service. Normally I'm a pretty generous tipper, but due to the minimum service we received, I only tipped 13% of the bill. She got back what she put out.
3	Four of us had dinner here and we all felt a three was a an accurate rating.  The food was OK with average flavor.  The staff was nice and addressed complaints efficiently.  One dinner was so greasy and tasteless it had to be sent back but they were very gracious.  I enjoyed my cheese enchiladas with an egg but the fish tacos were average and the chicken salad was average.  We would probably eat here again but would not crave it or trust taking guests again.
5	Manuel's had always served delicious food to our family for many many years,  and this location is no different.  We love the Mexican pizza and could eat nothing but their chips,  hot sauce and salsa!
1	I like the ambiance at this restaurant.  However, the service is poor!  My sister & I  went in on Saturday, November 30 & it was not busy.  We ordered a couple of cokes & nachos.  It took over a 1/2 hour to get the nachos - when they were served to us it was served on a tiny plate.  I'm thinking really??  this is $9?  This is the 3rd time we've been there & had lousy service.  The woman who was at a table next to us had also ordered nachos & her plate was huge!  Not recommending!
3	Overall good service and good food. Delivered on taste and quality. The chicken and steak fajitas were tasty and the ground beef chimichanga could've had more flavor. The fried ice cream was perfect. With so many options in the area, it will be awhile before I go back simply because its good but not great.
5	Absolutely loved the food my husband and I had today! We both had the special. It consisted of a shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada. The refried beans melted in your mouth and the sauce on the enchilada was so delicious! The beef taco was tasty and fresh.The service was excellent! They kept our chips and salsa bowls full and refilled our drinks when empty. Next time I am in the area, I will make it a point to come back and eat there again!
3	My husband and I went here for Valentine's day dinner. We saw it advertised on tv and the food looked really good. They all gave it great reviews. The food was alright. My husband had the enchilada trio and he said he really liked the shredded beef enchilada. I enjoyed my meal of spinach enchiladas.  It would have been better of the spinach was cut up smaller. I felt like I was eating a salad. The margarita was refreshing and pretty strong. We got there during happy hour so the beer was only $2.50. We finished sinner off with fried ice cream.  Oh man, that was the best part. We will be back to try something else at a later time.
4	I'm relocating to the west valley from OK and I was vet impressed by the food and service. Gonzalo at the bar area was extreme my accommodating and recommended that I have the three enchilada plate. It was one chicken, one spinach and one beef. The house margaritas were good too.
5	We have been here many times and I am unsure why it has a 3 star rating at this time. The good and service is always consistently great. We are always served with friendly attentive service. We have had the taco platter on several occasions and they are always so good. We have tried many other dishes on the menu and they are always great. Prices are not low-- but average for restaurants in the area. This is our favorite Mexican restaurant in Goodyear/Avondale area.
4	Great food!! Service can be hit or miss, but generally not bad. My family eats there often. Try The carnitas; they are amazing!
2	Salsa wasn't bad, but save your money and go to Taco Bell because It's pricey for bland food.
2	Quite pricey for the very bland food that they serve. Food did not have any flair or flavor.
5	Yumm! Had breakfast there for the first time this weekend and it was great! Great service, nice atmosphere, and fantastic food!
4	I found Manuel's Mexican Restaurant on my Packers Everywhere app, as a bar in Goodyear, Arizona, that would have the Green Bay Packers on TV! My friend and I went there for lunch on Sunday and I was so pleased to find the Packers game on their largest TV in the bar area. They had several other TV's showing other NFL games as well. The service we had was EXCEPTIONAL and we had delicious chips and salsa, quacamole, and shared the Combination Fajita's for two. All of the employees were friendly and I felt as though I was watching the game in my own house. I couldn't have been happier! I will definitely be back when I am in Phoenix again!
3	Wanted to see how their tamales compared to Macayo's and went for dinner Monday night. Got seated right away. The chips and salsa were very good. I ordered the Mix & Match with the green corn tamale, rice, and beans. My friend got the red beef tamale so we could try both. When they came out, I was disappointed to see them covered in sauce. I am so used to tamales in the husk that I didn't even think about them being served in sauce. Turns out the sauce didn't really add much to the tamales. The green corn tamale was very sweet and I liked it. The beef tamale was barely room temperature, didn't have much spice, and the masa was rather dry. Wouldn't recommend that one. But our service was good and I felt so stuffed after that meal!
3	My family and I have been coming to Manuel's restaurants throughout the Valley for a number of years we have enjoyed their establishments and even took advantage of their catering on more than one occasion.  I had never visited this location before until some friends recently moved into nearby Litchfield Park.  We arrived around 8 on a Friday night so obviously we expected a wait.  To our surprise it was less than 10 minutes before we were sat at a large booth.  It was in the bar area (no big deal) the football games were on numerous TV's, people were there with their families, it was a good mix.  They even had a balloon performer making balloon "things" for younger guests.  If I had any desire to have a family myself I would have thought it was a fantastic idea!  Service was prompt but very average, there were 5 of us dining that night so when the piping hot tray arrived with four plates on it.  The friend to my left whispered to me what did you order? Gazing at the tray.  I told her that I ordered the enchilada trio ( which consists of three kinds of enchiladas rice and beans) We were simply making conversation when the server overheard and then began to explain that "the tray can only fit so much" "mine would be right out" "I'll be back in two minutes" I appreciate the attentiveness but I was not complaining that I didn't see my plate, I was answering a question by my table mate.  I do enjoy being mistaken for some fat impatient caveman who wants food NOW.  I may as well have gripped my fork and knife in each hand and pounded on the table ( his heart was in the right place) not the reason for the three stars.  The food was consistent and good as always but as I took a sip from my margarita (very good) my friend from across the table gave me a startled look.  There was something on my glass that was opposite me.  It looked like red smears of dried salsa or enchilada sauce.  We all discovered all of our cups from margarita to beer glasses had some variation of red food looking smears on them.  We concluded that they were once decals that had long since been washed off the glasses.  Now they resembled dirty glasses (for those who didn't figure it out it would have been a deal breaker) but none the less replace those glasses! I didn't feel like being one of those people who demanded to speak to the manager since I do genuinely like this place.  We paid our bill walked to the front to walk out and dispense our comment card with comments much the same as this to find an empty hostess station and two employees curled up on a cushioned bench having from what it seemed like very important girl talk.  They shouted "come again"to our backs as we walked out.  Great place, great family not so sure I'm going to visit this location again.......
