4	This newly opened QT store is clean, modern and a great addition to the neighborhood. The concept is similar to existing QT stores although the layout has been refreshed. This location features parking, not only in front of the store, but the sides as well and offers two additional entrances on each side of the building not found in most other Phoenix area locations. Inside you'll find all your favorite QT staples as well as a full-service coffee and smoothie bar. And when you're ready to sit and sip on that coffee or enjoy a snack you'll find umbrella tables and chairs out front. The Thomas Road scenery isn't much to look at but it sure is convenient to have somewhere to sit. Now if they only had free Wi-Fi. :::Sigh:::
5	About one hundred different drink machines, ice cream, smoothies, fresh sandwiches, donuts and more! I think I will be going here every single day :)
4	What I look for in a gas station is good quality gas at the cheapest price.This location has consistently been some of the lowest price gas in the valley since it opened last year. I use the GasBuddy app to locate the low price gas in my area. Again today, this location came up as the lowest in all of Phoenix at the moment. Cheaper than even ARCOs that I avoid because I prefer to use a credit card. I have used QT gas since I started driving in Iowa. I have never had a problem.It is also conveniently located just off the 51 at Thomas Road.
4	One of the cheapest places to buy gas, this is conveniently located a couple of blocks off the 51 freeway on Thomas and 23rd St.  If you're renting a car from Sky Harbor Airport, this gas station is where you want to fill up before you return your car.  It's less than 3 miles away from the car rental center.There's also a convenience store with all of the best snacks, sodas, and grab & go items.Return Factor - 95%
1	Don't get me wrong, I love QT and never before had complaints but I felt I had to share and the one star is based on this episode alone.I stopped at this location today to fill up my car and went inside to get a drink. While I was next to the QT kitchen counter I noticed one of the employees making a shake for a customer. As soon as he had finished, he took some of the left over shake from the spindle with his finger, put it in his mouth, and then continued to make other orders without washing his hands or the appliances. I can say without hesitation that I will not be ordering anything from their kitchen anytime soon and hope this was an isolated incident..
1	Once again the management of this station Has totally ignored our homeowners association and this truckstops neighbors they continually do everything they want to try to ingnore us and the fact that we are living in a constant nightmare of noise pollution light pollution and air pollution from this billion-dollar company. I would not recommend this company for anything they are a bunch of hillbillies who feel they can do whatever they want they continually break all kinds of laws in the state of Arizona in the County of Maricopa do not use the station or this company!
4	Quick and easy though this one does have dirty old men checking out the women.   I got ice and sodas for a kicked party in less than 5 min.
