1	Gross my roomate brought this home one night. I would never recommend peter to anyone!It is cheap and discusting! Parents who feed their children this should be jailed for child abuse.
4	Pizzas good.. beer is cold and the games work great. Fun for all and easy on the wallet.
3	= = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = =(The correct address for this Peter Piper is Phoenix 85031, not Glendale 85301, in case Yelp hasn't fixed it by the time you read this.)Peter Piper has suffered quite a few closing due to the recession, but they're still by far the largest Buffet chain in the Valley, with 28 locations open at the time of this writing.  I stopped in for a first visit to this one today to give it a try.  It's very nice inside (as a pizza parlor), seemed to be spotlessly clean, has lots of comfortable booths, and the staff was friendly and right on top of things.I started with some of each of their three different tossed green salads, all of which were good.  Then it was on to slices of some of the 12 different toasty pizzas that were out, plus warm bread sticks.Going back up for some more, there was a somewhat different selection, and they also invited me to have any pizza I would like for them to custom bake.  (I was fine with what was out.)Sorry, critics!  Since they upgraded the ingredients a while back the pizza here isn't all that bad, and this was a nice lunch considering the LOW price of $5.49!     :-)
2	We had to ask the staff  to cook the pizza more because some of the dough was uncooked. Not many costumers here at the moment and the place is really messy.  Tables need to be cleaned and the floors swept. I really enjoy peter piper pizza, but I really don't like this location.
1	This place smells like sewer water or septic backup definitely not the place to eat...the smell will get you sick alone
1	place is dirty smells staff are rude. placed a phone order walked in and was shocked by how it looked inside. I walked up to the counter and someone slicing the pizza sneezed and kept cutting pizza. I started to walk off and was asked if I needed something? I said "No not now. I placed a order but after seeing someone sneezing and cutting pizza I don't want to eat here." I was told well you still need to pay for it we made it so you have to buy it! I walked out and a manger called and told me I need to come back and get my pizza or I could never order a pizza from another Peter Piper Pizza again!!! I hung up and they called back I refused to answer the phone.
