5	I love Max Auto Care--so much I drive from California to get my service done. A friend in Vegas recommended them.  She's a car freak and can do her own work so I trust her. I've had my 90K maintenance done here. I just got my A/C flushed, etc. today. Their rates are reasonable, the work is good and fast. (I was out today within an hour and a half). Ali is really cool as well. Also, if you're into spendy cars, there's always a Ferrari or Maserati or something pretty getting service done there too.
5	Had to get my radiator and thermostat replaced.  Martin was kind enough to explain everything that was going on and friendly while doing so.  Great customer service and quick.  Got everything done in about a couple of days.  Definitely coming back here for my car maintenence.
5	I drove out to Vegas with some friends and when we were about an hour away, the A/C went out. I had just taken my car in to my shop back home the weekend before in preparation for the trip, so I wasn't too happy about that. Found Max Auto Care through Yelp and decided to give it a try. I'm so glad I did. Ali was so nice and helpful through the whole process. He explained what happened and what different options I had to fix it. We ended up having to special order a part and had to stay an extra two days and Ali offered to help us find a good rate for the extra days, then drove us back to our hotel. When my car was finally fixed, the total cost was less than what my guys back home would've charged. It's a tough situation, having your car break down when you're on vacation. It'd be really easy to take advantage of someone in that situation and I'm pleased to say Ali didn't. He made me feel so much better about the whole ordeal and I would definitely recommend going to see him.
5	Go see Max auto and compare the price it will seem impossible that there's truly an honest mechanic in this world but its true I assure you. When I first arrived I saw a Lamborghini and Ferrari up front I thought I was in trouble but I guess even millionaires like to get a good deal on auto work because Ali had me out the door under an hour with ice cold air condition I couldn't believe it the price was nearly half what anyone else was charging me and those guys were talking about two or three days to keep my car. Thanks to max I didn't have to take the buss and I'm literally chillin  in my Cadillac in less than an hour. My uncle came next everyone was swearing he needed a new starter in his car and were talking in the hundreds of dollars max checked it out it needs a module not a starter see guys who know cars will fix the correct part his car is still running perfectly a year later and the starter was never changed !!!!! Go to who knows their business and knows how to take care of their customers don't go to the guys who want to change the wrong parts.
5	Ever heard a high pitch noise every time you press on the breaks? Mine started about a month ago and that made scamper towards an auto shop to ask what's with the noise and as it was explained I needed new break pads but I was short of time that day so had to bale.As this is the first time for my car on a break change for the front and back, I had called numerous auto services and repair shops explaining my situation and what service I would like to be done on my car. I had quotes from well over $500, long waiting time and shops trying to up sell  which made the experience in looking for a car shop a tad bit difficult. Then I stumbled upon Max Auto Care via the internet, called them and asked about the brake services.Very pleasant and very professional way of explaining and precise on the needs of the customer. I had my car worked quickly and precisely and same as in the office very professional and up to the point in dealing with customers. I was even able to see my car while it's being fixed.  All in all the time, workmanship and just the nice atmosphere in the place is superb.I would definitely recommend to friends and workmates Max Auto Care especially to peeps like me who are fairly new to LV.  No wonder they always get 5 stars! Thanks!
5	I had  a/c issues and took my car into Max Auto Care. I was treated with an honest diagnosis with the problems and was charged a fair price. They are very knowledgeable with no hassles, no up-sell, just the services required. Hard to find a trustworthy place like this. I'll be getting all my services done through them from now on!
5	This place is great. I chose it because of the five star review and it was no joke. They flushed my AC (that's what it's called, right?) and I was in and out in under an hour for a very reasonable price. Ali is as great as the other reviews say, and he even let me have the remote for the TV. I put on Pawn Stars, if you were wondering.I was waffling about leaving a review, just being lazy, but Ali just called me to make sure everything was good with my AC. Excellent service. I'll be going back for sure.Oh, and there was a sweet Rolls Royce in the parking lot.
5	We took our new to us vehicle in thinking there was something major wrong with the air conditioner and expecting the worst. Max Auto Care had the air conditioning up and running a few hours later for a fraction of what we expected to pay. We will definitely return to Max Auto Care and highly recommend them!
5	Second time taking our vehicle to Max Auto Care. Again we thought we needed a major repair, this time on the brakes, and again, Max Auto Care fixed the problem for less than half what we were expecting to pay, no upselling, just a quick diagnosis of the problem and we were again back on the road the same day.  We will definitely return to Max Auto Care and highly recommend them.
5	This place is the bomb! No joke! I was skeptical to bring my Corvette to a General Auto Shop but they took complete care of my pride and joy! I definitely recommend this shop!
