3	This is a fairly inexpensive lodging option which is within walking distance of the Royal Mile and many other cool places in Edinburgh.  The room was clean and the sleeper sofa I slept on was adequate.
3	Lenny Henry, you lied to me! I didn't have the best nights sleep I would ever have and I didn't have peace and quiet!Saying that, it's a Travelodge. It's not exactly the Ritz, but it's a good price and the quality for money is brilliant! This particular Travelodge is good because of the location - it's far enough away from the city centre to be relatively quiet at night but is close enough to walk home from a night out. I didn't have the best experience here I must admit, but it's because I stayed here during the festival and was woken every hour by people stumbling home. It is really good though, and they always have really good deals on.If you're coming to edinburgh on a relatively low budget - this is your place!
3	There are vast numbers of hotels, bed and breakfasts and rooms to stay in throughout Edinburgh.Some are expensive, like the Balmoral - while others are cheap and cheerful, like this Travelodge.I say cheap and cheerful, because really thats what it is - you pay for what you get, a roof over your head, a decent room and bed, a breakfast if you want it and some semi-friendly staff.I'm not saying its the Hilton exactly, but you knew that when you booked it, didnt you?
2	You get what you pay for. The beds were horrible and the bathroom not much better. There is parking (a little expensive--you would think that they would allow guest to park for free..) The only good thing about it was that it was close to everything, and that it was somewhate affordable.
4	Stayed here for four nights from 28/12/13 to 1/1/14. The hotel was in an excellent location just off the royal mile, less than a 10minute walk from Waverly station and surrounded by a number of cafes and restaurants, and also close to Princes Street which was great for our Hogmanay stay. Staff were friendly and helpful.The double room was spacious and had secondary glazing, plenty of plug sockets to charge cameras + phones and the bed was comfortable, if slightly firm. Curtains blocked out light well but slid off the rail easily.The shower was a slight issue; the floor of it was so shallow that the whole bathroom floor ended up soaking more than once. Once past the reception area, the hotel was very warm, a little too warm for me but I don't like my room too hot. Walls seemed pretty soundproof but noise in corridor travelled into the room easily.The staff allowed us to leave our bags at the front desk after we checked out at no extra charge, which was a great advantage as our train was not due to leave for another two hours.Would definitely stay here again as the location is excellent and hotel is comfortable.
3	This is your standard Travelodge, if you've ever stayed at this brand of hotels before than you know what I mean. You get what you pay for, not bad but not fantastic either. The price was pretty good for the location but the parking area is a bit I a walk from the hotel. Don't forget to get your chip validated by the hotel, their discount definitely helps with the cost of parking. I liked how it was a short walk to the touristy areas and that there were plenty of little breakfast places just down the street from the hotel. Overall, I'd stay here again.
