4	Wow an Asian market that actually looks like a grocery store, well kind of.  It's set up like any other super market, but it still has that cozy feel to it that the smaller shops have.  The selection is of course wider than smaller places, but I still have not found any Ramune anywhere besides the World Market.  Anyway, I loved the fact that it felt like I was walking into an American  grocery store and then immediately saw the shrine to Buddha.  Plus I really liked the lucky cat statues at the registers.  Not to mention the people who work there are very friendly and helpful.
4	We like to go to Dim Sum on Saturdays or Sundays, and this market is right next door...sometimes we will try to find what we just had here so we can make it at home!It is fun to browse through this store and see all of the different foods. However, there are some drawbacks to this store...there is a very strong smell when you enter...I don't know what it is, but it is a bit unpleasant. Another thing is to make very sure you check any expiration dates...I have found several things on the shelves that were expired.
3	Great place for most of your oriental-cooking needs. They have a wide range of stuff, from Vietnamese rice noodles and paper to Thai curry pastes and coconut milk, as well as a large freezer filled with the ubiquitous frozen dumpling selection. Decent selection of steamers and other cooking utensils, as well. I had hoped they'd have a larger, better kept selection of exotic produce, since I stopped here on a half-day-long bean sprout hunt, but no dice. Mostly some wilted-looking bok choy and er...aged tofu. Ah well.The lady behind the register is a sweetheart, and she's the only staff I've seen, so I can't really attest to everyone being as awesome as her. I come here when I've got a batch of Pad Thai or a curry planned, and will continue to.
2	if you are looking for fresh veggies, look elsewhere, their selection is tiny and what they do have is in bad shape.  if you're looking for ingredients to make vietnamese or chinese dinners, then you're in luck
4	I love having this place so close to home.  You can depend on them for all the basics when you're feeling a little Asian inspiration in the kitchen.I especially like the people who work there.  They're always friendly and will help you out if you can't find what you need.The fresh produce/meat/fish components of this shop are a little . . . well, kinda dicey, but otherwise, thumbs up all the way.
4	More noodles than you can comprehend, Pho bouillon, Sriracha bottles bigger than your head, odd canned drinks to the tune of "Sac Sac" with flavors ranging from ginger to "spongy grass juice," gummy candies, waving cat statues, vibrantly colored toys, and a brilliant butchery. Parking can suck, but just find a spot around either side of the building.Veg section seems to be lacking a bit more than usual these days, but not a huge deal. Still love coming here. Also, if you're planning on stopping in for a quick bite or preserved duck eggs, make sure you have at least $10 worth of goodies to meet their minimum for running a credit/debit card.
2	After few times finding instant noodles, and some frozen products are a year or so past due date, I stopped going although they are just mile away from my house.  Just make sure you check the date on the package.
3	Usual Asian super market no one speaks English or anything. But if you need Asian stuff good place and its clean.
