2	Ok..this is so wrong...but I am the duchess here...mostly because it is the bank my boyfriend uses and this is our drive thru. SOOOO I happen to be in the car every with my handy hands ready to "check in". Being the duchess of this drive thru, I do feel bad saying that I am not a fan of Wells Fargo. I am a BOA kinda girl. Back in high school I got burned by a WF employee and switched. Yeah, I roll with grudges like that.But Paul likes it so....its gets a 2 star!
5	With all the media attention retail banks are getting for "new fees" less customer service etc. I have actually noticed a marked improvement or have noticed employees of at least two Wells Fargo Bank locations in Henderson NV going the extra distance. Little things, like smiling friendly service, recognizing you when you enter and leave the bank. Just the other day I was waiting in a line of about 8 people and all I had was a simple check deposit. Some employee, I dont know who or what their position was, came up to me and asked if that was all I had to do? Then she took the deposit behind the cage and brought me my receipt. With their awsome bill pay service online and widely accepted debit card, Im staying with Wells Fargo. Keep up the good job!
5	Convenient location on the NW corner of Sunset and Stephanie.Plenty of parking and a drive thru.This is a full service branch. Regular and commercial customer lines. Banking, mortgages, loans, investments and more.Plenty of staff at around Monday 2pm when walking in. They moved the line really fast with 4 tellers and an information booth guy to help direct you.They even have a couple computers for customers to use for accessing their online accounts. Very customer friendly.I use to go here a lot but haven't lately. Will go to this branch more often.Top notch they were hitting on all cylinders today 6/18/12.
1	Went into the branch with my mom so she could collect an IRA distribution. It's not the first time we've done this, and we had already called to have the distribution center release the funds, which they said would be available today. We had gone to the branch at Stephanie and Sunset first, as it is closer to where we were, but the banker kept telling my mom that she had to call someone first. He had decided to not listen to my mom, that he knew better about the situation, and sent us away. So we left and went to another branch 10 minutes down the road, where they were able to get us in and out in 15 minutes, WITHOUT HAVING TO CALL ANYONE ON THE PHONE. Had the first branch had better customer service and actually listened to the customer, rather than assume that they knew better than the customer (perhaps because she speaks English with an accent?), we might have saved an hour of hour time. They at least owe us the gas money to go to the branch who would actually listen.
