1	This place is overpriced and the service is not good at all.  When we where there children were riding bikes in the lot near the tables.  One almost hit our child.  Another customer said that if the owner had been there she would have not allowed the bikes to be there.  The cone was large to say the least but the taste left something to be desired.  Not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby.  Our children were exposed to language that would have made a sailor blush.  We will not be back.  Also they will accept a credit card but not a debit card?????  Please get up with the times.
4	I am a big fan of this little ice cream place.  You can get both hard and soft ice cream, so that satisfies myself and my daughter.  They also have funnel cakes for my daughter that doesn't care for ice cream.  The place is small but there is always a line and the DJ outside plays the best oldies while you wait.
4	I fell in love with this place as soon as we pulled up and saw the lights strung up and  oldies coming from the speakers! I tried the banana cream pie hard ice cream, their scoops are very generous!! My bf got the peach cobbler hard ice cream and that was to die for! We got 4 servings of ice cream for $10, which nowadays is a steal IMO! :) I'll definitely be heading back with my coworkers this week!
5	Remember When.... I always do when I go to this ice cream shop... The oldies playing and the best and biggest ice cream in Pgh.. The large ice cream cone comes out the side door cause they can't fit out the window...WoW it's great and has been great for many many years.. Been going there since I was a young young lad I'm now 27 and take my family there we love it... Keep up the good work
2	First time here and I wasnt impressed at all!  I should have gone to the dairy queen :-(
4	My family makes an event out of going to Remember When to see Doo-wop Dan on Saturday nights during the summer. I usually go for the small cone, which is comparable to most other ice cream place's large. The large cone is so large that is doesn't fit out of the window, they have to bring it out the side door! The ice cream is good, the portions are generous, and the atmosphere (almost) makes you forget you are in Windgap.  I highly recommend stopping by on a Saturday night to see Dan, listen to some oldies, and enjoy some ice cream!
5	This is by far, the BEST soft serve ice cream place in southwestern PA. The "flavor of the week" is always interesting-and tasty! Though, I am somewhat disappointed that they've switched to a lower grade ice milk, for their vanilla and chocolate offerings. I don't know if this is a matter of cutting corners, or if the better stuff simply isn't available any longer. Either way, this place is still leaps and bounds ahead of DQ, Tastee Freeze, etc. It's definitely worth the trip. It's mostly street parking, though they do have about 3-4 parking spaces off to the side. Serving sizes are huge! The small cone here, is the same size as a DQ large. And the large is SO big, they can't fit it through the window-they hand it out the side door.If you want a real "Kodak moment"-order a large cone for the kids, and keep the camera, and wet wipes handy!
