5	Creature Comforts stayed overnight with our cat when my husband and I had to go out of town.  To give you an idea of her behavior, let me just say that our kitty has been nicknamed "Satan."  Matt didn't even bat an eye.  He kept our house occupied when it would have been empty for a week and he took excellent care of our pet.  Plus, he sent us email updates on what was happening at home, which gave us peace of mind.  Creature Comforts was also less than half the price of other pet sitters/house sitters.
5	I was very impressed by Creatures Comfort of Charlotte Pet Sitting.  I went on vacation in May for 7 days and was looking for someone to watch my baby (very hyper Australian Sheppard mix).  I was deciding on putting her in a kennel, which is what I have done in the past, or have someone come by to watch her.  Since our garden (both veggies and flowers) was just getting started for the season, we also needed someone to water the plants daily, we decided to go with an in-home pet sitting service.  I emailed several companies, but Matt, owner of CCCPS, responded to me right away.  We scheduled time for him to come by and meet Biscuit and check out the house.  He worked with our schedule and was very attentive to our instructions (which light to turn on during which time, when to let her stay in the crate and when to let her out, which plants to water and how often, etc.)  Since this was my first time going with CCCPS, I also asked Matt for references.  I emailed both of the references that he offered and they couldn't have said enough great things about Matt and the services that CCCPS offered.  Also, his pricing is by far the best that I saw during my research.While on vacation, Matt also sent us an email with a video of Biscuit playing in the yard.  This was great because I missed her and it was nice to see that she was still reaping havoc.  When we got back from our trip, we got a personal note about Biscuit, and a nice card in the mail from Matt with a picture of Biscuit.  Also all of our plants were doing great! Thank you thank you thank you.  Overall, I highly recommend having Matt and his company take care of your baby while you're away.  In the past, I've always been somewhat hesitant to take long trips because I didn't want to be away from my baby for too long.  But now that we know Matt, I feel comfortable planning long vacations knowing that she will be in good hands.  And mind you, he had his hands full because she is a very hyper girl and demands a lot of attention.  Thanks Matt for being so dependable!
5	I have been using Matt as my petsitter for years. He is very good with animals and is very responsible. I always enjoy getting a picture of my pet when I'm out out town, so I know my pets are doing well.I have also pet sat for him a few times when he's gone out of town and had the opportunity to talk to some of his clients. They all love him and are very glad to have them as their pet sitter.
5	I discovered Creature Comforts when my old orange tabby, Colby, had become too sick with lymphoma for me to feel comfortable leaving him at home alone when I went out of town. Plus he had to be given his medicine daily. So when I met Matt and he told me about his company, I decided to try them out. I'm so glad I did! He took wonderful care of Colby, including sending me a picture of him on my bed. It made me feel so good to know he was in good care while I was gone. Unfortunately, Colby passed away soon after that, but I got a new kitten within 2 weeks! Now Creature Comforts is taking care of Nico (who can be seen on their facebook page) when I go out of town. Their rates are very reasonable, and Matt is very trustworthy (he's actually just kept a key to my apt for future visits). I highly recommend Matt and Creature Comforts to take care of your pet in the Charlotte area. Matt is not only a smart businessman, but a true animal lover too!
1	If there was an option to give NO stars or negative stars, that's what I would leave. We have used Creature Comforts before and things were fine. This time, we left our almost 9 year old dog and our 15 year old cat at home while we left town on a Saturday, returning the following Friday. We walked into our house and couldn't believe the smell. There were two puddles of dog urine- one had been sitting so long that the (brand new) hardwood floor is warped. This man DID NOT come three times a day and he was never here for 30 minutes. My neighbors were so upset when they saw him come and go after 4-10 minutes, twice a day. We found a bag with nearly a whole roll of urine soaked paper towels and dog poop in the trash can. This dog is nearly nine years old and hasn't had an accident in the house since he was six months old. The thought that he was here by himself, only getting two visits per day for less than half of the time we paid for makes me sick. There was no indication that he was scooping the litter box, except that it was relatively clean inside the box, though really low on litter (except for on the floor around the box which was covered with it) even though I left litter to refill it right next to the box. I left bags for him to dispose of the waste and they were all there when we came home. There were no bags of litter waste in our trash can- inside or out. I used him before and things were okay. I don't know what happened this time, but I am shocked and saddened that I trusted this guy to take care of our pets and he didn't. He's trying to make it out like my neighbors are making it up, but their account definitely matches up with all of the accidents in the house, the warped floor, the filth around my cat's litter box and my dog's disgusting food bowl that must never have even been wiped or rinsed out all week. Not only that, but he asked for payment upfront and the check cleared on Monday, five days before we were expected home.Keep looking, people. Don't let it be your dog left in a house all day, unable to hold it for the 14 hours between visits. Shame, shame, shame.*I left the same review on his other yelp page.*Edited to add:The night we got home, we called to let him know we were home and told him about the pee we found. I left the first review- on his other yelp page, what's that about?- the next day. I left this one on this page after I found it. After hearing from our neighbors- one of whom kept her own log after noticing how short the visits were and that he was only coming twice a day- the state of our house made sense. Then after hearing from our friends- who don't even know our neighbors- who came to pick up our other dog at 5:00 and let us know that the note and check I left were still on the outside of the door, stuck there with a magnet when they came and left, it was even more clear that his log is useless, as it said he had already been there at 2:42. He said he would send it right over and sent it an hour later, just about long enough to fabricate one. So, he came and left the check on the outside of the door? Unlikely. In order to believe his account, I would also have to believe that my neighbors lied to me just to give Matthew a bad rap and that my friends who don't even know them are in on it.
5	I have been using creature comforts since I moved to Charlotte 3 years ago. With the new transition of owners it was seamless and Mark is just as wonderful as Matt!  It's hard enough leaving an animal at home but with Mark, rest assured your pets are in greaT hands. He sends pics along with each. Visit and updated me each time. My dog and I are very pleased!!!!! Over the top!!!!
5	Creature Comforts takes great care of your pets and your place when you have to be away. My dog is 11, and all his life I'd either taken him with me on vacation, or left him with close neighbors who know him well. I was very nervous about leaving him with strangers, but Mark and Cindy put me at ease right from the start. They came for an initial visit (no charge) to meet the dog and get to know the situation, routine, etc. Mark was very responsive to emails before I went on my trip, and while I was away he sent pictures every day. Creature Comforts provides a great service at a great value, and they treat your pets with tons of love, allowing you to enjoy your time away. If you need a daily dog walker or help while you have to be away, go with Creature Comforts of Charlotte!
5	I am so happy that we found Mark at Creature Comforts.  He is incredibly reliable and responsible.  He is amazing at communicating us about our cats' well-being while we are away, and he sent pictures at each visit.  He is also very detail-oriented.  I feel very at ease knowing that Mark is caring for our kitties while we are away.  We will certainly be using Creature Comforts again!
5	I highly recommend Creature Comforts of Charlotte for all of your pet-sitting needs.  We recently relocated from New York City to Charlotte with our dog and cat, and have been thrilled with the service we've received from Mark and Cindy.  We receive text updates and pictures every time they visit, and they have the best prices in town.  We are so happy we can keep our pets comfortably in their own home while we travel, and we feel so secure knowing they are in such good hands.  We wouldn't use any other company!
5	I have had my dog Penny for 7 months. I had a lovely pet sitter with her own small company for the first two months but she had to quit because she got a "real job". I hired a well-known company for two months and I was extremely disappointed in my service. I found Mark via Thumbtack and finally decided to change to yet another company. Mark and his crew have been nothing short of amazing and for significantly less money than the other companies. I was immediately impressed by his professionalism and care at our consultation. I receive prompt texts back if I ever have questions or concerns. The daily texts and pictures are awesome! They clean up the messes if there ever are any and always keep the apartment just as clean as they found it. I feel confident that they are actually walking my dog and that Penny finally has the stability that she needed in a dog walker. It is very evident that Mark values ever customer individually and doesn't treat me as if I'm just another customer that he doesn't need like the larger company I dealt with. I would never imagine using another company and highly recommend to any pet owner in the area.
5	I found Creature Comforts of Charlotte via the first page of results on Google after searching for pet-sitters in Charlotte. I only spoke to one other pet sitting company before choosing this company-however I truly felt that I found the best pet-sitting deal as well as pet-sitter. I was very impressed by Mark's (President/Owner) friendliness and care to ensure that we were satisfied. He even was willing to help us out on Christmas Day while we were gone within a few days' notice-we were so grateful for his flexibility. We had a free consultation with him at our apartment and he sent us text messages/pictures and even a video of our kittens with every visit. I will not hesitate to call him again-he's been dubbed our go-to petsitter! Thank you Mark!
