1	I was a first time patient to this doctor as a new resident of Nevada.  To begin, I sat in the waiting area for 40 minutes past my scheduled appointment time.  Then I was taken to one the the back waiting rooms which truthfully was approximately 90 degrees.  They closed the door and I waited for about 10 more minutes until I started sweating.  When I opened the door for air, I was immediately met by an assistant who told me to keep the door closed.  I refused, informing him that it was too hot to tolerate.  He actually said that the staff knew that there were three rooms that were excessively hot but didn't offer to move me to any of the many other available waiting rooms.  I then stood in the hallway and was met by another assistant who instructed me to go back into the waiting room.  I explained the situation again and without any response, she just walked away.  Finally, now an hour after my scheduled appointment, the doctor arrived and suggested I get a foot x-ray and said he would call me within the week to give me the results.  A week went by, no call.  After twelve business days, I called the office and demanded the results.  They said, "Oh, didn't someone call you?"  I then called and left two separate messages to speak with the office manager to discuss this unprofessional staff and medical care.  The office manager never returned either of my calls.Then, approximately two weeks later, their office called and said I was scheduled for a followup appointment.  I explained that I had left two messages for the office manager and had not received a returned call therefore I would not be keeping my appointment.Within a half hour, the doctor called.  I explained my experience and he said he "apologized and would look into it."  That's it.  I would honestly say that this office, staff and experience was unlike any medical office experience I have ever encountered and I have been seeing doctors in Los Angeles for over thirty-five years.I will never return to this office and instead look for another Las Vegas doctor.
4	I went to see Dr. Grossman so I have a new primary care physician.  I used to go to these offices for another physician, but he moved.Dr. Grossman is a likable, business like man who spends the amount of time you need.  He is thorough.I am sure it will be good to have a continuing primary care physician.  In the past three years, I have had two different ones as interns have a way of graduating and moving to other cities.  This will be much better.
1	Dr Grossman was my primary care doctor for years because I was too sick to search for another. The way he examined me was barely touching my throat and the legs over my jeans just enough so he will not get in trouble if I report him one day. I am going to file a complaint about him and his nurse from hell with the medical board. His nurse is a bipolar person who treats the patients however she likes it depends what her mood is at the time. The last time I went there I had to go to the bathroom when I came back to the room they put me in it was someone else there. So I went to her desk to let her know I need another room. She looked at me like she wants to attack me very mad for whatever reason she had at the time who knows. She yelled at me that is busy right now and walked away !  I was standing there not knowing what to do and socked of the way she responded. I asked a girl that they had helping working there to please find me another room. She did. I went to the room and waited for the doctor. His nurse the bipolar one she walked in and told me in a low tone of voice so none hears her :  "Screw you"  !  Then she walked out!  They had me waiting for the doctor for 3 hours!  I was crying when he walked in finally feeling violated and harassed by that woman. I told him what happen while crying he was very cold and detached of the situation. I asked him if he would do something about it so it will not happen again. I told him I want to file a complaint against her!  He told me as cold as humanly possible that she is his nurse for 13 years and if I file a complain against her I will have to reconsider if I want him to continue being my doctor or not!  He repeated or NOT!  I told him this is the last time I walked into his practice. If he does not want to be my doctor anymore I do not want him to be my doctor either!  I walked out to the front office and asked for my file!  They only gave me a fraction of the paperwork that was accumulated over 8 years!  Only a fraction!  He kept the rest because he was trying to cover his unprofessional way of practicing medicine. He is a robot with dollars signs in his eyes. He is a businessman not a doctor by any means!  I strongly suggest none goes to him at all!  He never spend more than 5 minutes with me during the 8 years I was his patient. He was giving me prescriptions and not trying to heal me only pills to keep me out of his way!  I am going to report him and his psycho nurse to the medical board !  Please stay away from him if you know what is good for you!
