4	On the Kosher restaurant scale, this one is a winner. Good service and  excellent food- both together are something of a rarity in the kosher world. More than a few times I have gone to a Kosher restaurant and received slow or rude service, mostly because it's a captive audience and the sentiment seems be 'Hey, where else you Jews gonna get a steak, huh?' The service at El Morocco was great, and the food was awesome. As my wife said 'Usually at a Kosher restaurant, one thing is good and most of it isn't. But at El Morocco, everything was good.' I had kefta, mergez sausage and kabob, and each was delicious, and a totally unique food you don't get elsewhere, let alone kosher. The decor is lacking, but in the grand scheme, that ain't no thing.
1	On a snowy night in late February we walked to this establishment.  We were seated right away, but then the long wait began.  There were 6 of us and we were not that hungry.  The reviews on this place were good in yelp, so we expected much more than we got.  We ordered 3 of the prix fix menu which the waiter said would be enough for us.  He said that he was not a waiter there, but filling in to help them out as they had scheduled a large party.  We waited about 40 minutes to get any food.  The portions were skimpy, and the quality of some of the dishes was ridiculous.  It took us several hours to get the food, and it was eaten quickly as we got hungry waiting.  Then we asked to take our desert to go, as we did not want to stay there any longer.  They refused to serve us our desert, which was included in our package.  When we asked them to adjust the bill for it, they refused.  I wanted to warn folks about this place as it was one of the worst dining experiences that each of the six of us had ever experienced.  reluctant to even give one star, except the system does not allow zero.
1	The worst dining experience I have had in years.  If I were not with 5 friends, though they were agonizing over the service, I think I would have gone nuts.  The pri fixe dinner portions were tiny, then they refused to serve dessert, and would not give us any break in the price.  Service was almost non existent, extremely slow.  You won't find me ever going back.
1	Had a terrible experience this winter.  I wrote it up and it is not listed.  6 of us had a terrible time
4	I definitely wanted north african food when I last visited Montreal. This restaurant is situated strangely at the base of a high rise condo. The waitress was so pleasant and was at our beck and call since we were the only ones there. I had the meat pastry appetizer which was delicious. Like an egg roll wrapped in filo dough. It was a cinnamony/almondy/meaty spring roll, if you will. And the lamb tagine was succulent, I just had to pull the meat off the bone with my fork. And the cous cous was fluffy and perfect. Just thinking about it is making my mouth water.I have to say, though, that the 2 $$ sign rating is a tad misleading. It should be $$$. I think that $35 for a lamb tagine (though delicious) should be rated with 3 $$$.
1	Just to let you know - Restaurant El Morocco no longer exists. They sold the restaurant, making it no longer Kosher, and eventually it closed it doors.(It's too bad, since there are no longer Kosher restaurants downtown)
