3	This place came highly recommended from a co-worker but we ended up being disappointed. We showed up at 6:45 and they were already cleaning the grill for the night.. not sure when they close, but we probably should have taken it as a sign and kept walking. Because it was "late" we could only get sandwiches.. no fries, etc. Luckily you get to eat in a gas station, sooo you do have a great selection of chips.. whoo. The steaks were just OK. At $6.95 for a small, they are a tad pricey and honestly I think capriottis makes a better steak. Skip this one.
4	A rare occasion when i disagree with one of my fav Vegas foodies , Ms. Blair B. Now granted, I'm in a desperate state trying to find some variety on the Eastside for my lunch fix.  Luckily, i'm only out and about 2 times / week so i  usually hit catfish alley,  Pho Thanh, las pupusa and a few others.I think this place comes close to  Capriotti's - darn close.  And come on, at a run down gas station ? Now granted, i'm not a cheesesteak expert, though i've eaten at geno's and Pat's ( i prefer Pat's )  but on one of my visits i brought along a PA born cheesesteak "expert" - he gave the place a thumbs up    I tried the Cheeseburger my last visit - $3.95 for a 1/2 pounder with cheese and grilled onions ...ehhh ok. I noticed a south philly cheesesteak place at trop and pecos near the BofA - I'm thinking a two hour lunch - hit them up and then off to play me  some pinball !
4	I liked this place alot. I grew up outside of Philly but always made it a point to eat when I went there. Moving to Las Vegas i saw a few places that said Philly STeak in or associated with their name and they were all dissapointing. Geri's was mentioned and I tried it out, no very impressed and will not go back there.The PCF has some really good flavors and although I am a provolne fan on mine the american cheese used here was pretty good. I am definately not a wiz kid..lol.  This was the best tasking steak sandwhich I had in Vegas and wouldn't say it's even that close to a Philly.I did the Pat's and Geno;s thing, Pat's is way better but Tony Luke's is my fav!Not that big of a Cappriotti's steak but their chicken cheese steaks are really good.
4	This is my favorite place in Vegas to get a Philly cheese steak sandwich.  However, it is in a gas station, so don't be surprised.  It is made to order.  The portions are generous and the price is reasonable.  I'll drive across town for this one.
5	I always get the Philly Cheesesteak with just meat and cheese. I have never been disappointed!
3	This is another sandwich shop in a gas station, so that's kind of a negative on ambiance (even though it's a pretty nice gas station...as gas stations go), but it means you have an excellent selection of drinks and chips!The cheesesteaks are good and really packed with meat, but the bread is kind of lacking. Prices are excellent - $8 for a medium cheesesteak, which was more than enough for me and my husband to split.Overall, a solid choice for a cheesesteak in the area if you're in a hurry (also, a good choice for Sundays since Geri's on Trop isn't open).
4	My husband and I ate here after church and it was delicious!!! The location is a lil rough around the edges. We didn't go there for the comfy seating.... We tried the chicken and beef philly, both good. We preferred the beef. Try it if you love Philly cheesesteaks, we were pleasantly surprised.
5	Hands down best ever!!! Both steak and chicken Sammys are AMAZING. Sits inside a Sinclair gas station at the corner of pecos and Patrick.  Made to order so takes a couple of minutes. The fries are also amazing. The fries are in a paper bag so no styrofoam ( soggy fries) you could eat this two/three times a week easily!Go now
3	I stopped for lunch. I got the Philly cheesesteak and an order of seasoned fries. The Philly did not have a lot of flavor so I had to add salt and pepper to the sandwich. There was a good amount of meat, cheese, onion, and green bell pepper on the sandwich but not enough to cover the roll from end to end. I was disappointed in the quality of the meat....it was like steak em. The seasoned fries were cooked perfect but was a small portion. I will give them another try someday....
4	At the advice of my cousin and his wife, I finally decided to try the Philly Cheesesteak Factory and I'm definitely a fan! Sure, this is a small counter inside a service station in what could only be classified as middle of nowhere Las Vegas, but these sandwiches are really great and the value is even better! I would still have to say that quality wise, Pop's is pretty easily the best cheesesteak in LV but for what you would pay $10 for at Pop's will only cost you $7 here. The beef is chopped/sliced slightly finer than I'm used to but still, it's pretty darn good. In summary, the cost is 70% of Pop's but the flavor/quality is 80-90% that of Pop's. In LV that's what I call a good value bet!
3	Bring your own salt....I had asked for more salt (inspired by one review here), but I still could barely taste any, could be because the mid-low quality cheese over powered the beef a lot. The bread is of mid-low quality, too. Since the beef is fresh and steamy hot/warm and I love juicy and freshly cooked beef, so it's a 3-star. Hot wings are pretty good, great value, $4 for 8 pieces. But overall, not repeatable, not worth the drive.
3	It's inside of a Sinclair gas station, the cheesestakes and fries were pretty decent. Just make sure you have your own ketchup because the one at the gas station is pretty old. The customer service could have also been better. Probably won't be back though.
