5	We had two ladies from Maid Pro clean our home about two weeks ago.They arrived on time and with all of their own supplies.It was amazing how much they managed to get down in just two hours! The same projects would have taken me double or triple the same amount of time.I wasn't there while they were cleaning, but I was amazed when I walked in the front door after work and the first thing that hit me was the wondrously clean scent. Our house didn't stink before the service, but it smelled like lemons and cleanliness.We were delighted with the service and how awesome our house looked after just two hours!We had planned on this just being a one-time clean, but after seeing the quality you get for the cost, we have decided it is well worth it and we are signing up for the once-monthly cleaning.We HIGHLY recommend this company and service!
5	I was so impressed by the job your team did cleaning my home.  Nothing was overlooked and everything was clean and fresh!   I have had cleaning ladies in the past but I have never been this satisfied with their work.  I loved the 49-point checklist and was so surprized at all that was done. I had been looking at dirty light fixtures for sometime, but your girls cleaned them without me even asking.  Now they are clean and sparkling!  Your service was so worth the money spent! Thank you for doing such a great job!
5	MaidPro cleaned my home earlier this month.  I was totally impressed.  The crew was efficient, thorough, professional and friendly,  I would heartily recommend them to anyone.  Outstanding!
5	I am so glad that MaidPro has come to the East Valley!I've been using house cleaners for over 15 years and I can say conclusively that MaidPro is one of the best services out there.They use high quality products, use the time they are at your home efficiently, and your house is left sparklingly clean when they leave. The girls are professional and dealing with them and the office staff of MaidPro has been easy and stress-free.I like MaidPro's service so much that I have given cleanings as gifts to friends and family. Everyone has come back saying that they did a wonderful job and how much they appreciate the gift of a clean home. I highly recommend MaidPro if you are looking for a house cleaning service! You won't be disappointed!!
5	We have been Using Maidpro in Gilbert for our Office cleaning and cannot be more pleased.  The crew show up on time, work efficiently and with a great attitude.  Everyone here enjoys the fresh clean scent and spotless office every time they arrive.  They are endorsed highly...
5	Maidpro of Gilbert has done a fantastic job on my home twice now.  I can't wait until they come out here again.  I've had my house cleaned many times before by both professional services and independent contractors.  Maidpro by far has been the best.  The cleaning products they use make the house smell so good and the vacum cleaners are the best!  They also use an elaborate checklist each time so they don't miss anything - right down to the flowers they make on top of the kleenex box!  Great job ladies!
5	I had the MaidPro team clean my home for the first time yesterday and was very impressed. The ladies were incredibly thorough and when I got home it smelled so clean and fresh! The owner Paula was also very helpful on the phone. I have zero complaints and I look forward to having my home cleaned every other week by this great company!
5	Needed some help with dust on short notice ... I called, and the prices were very reasonable - especially for what I didn't want to do!  When life gets busy and you need a hand, these are the ladies to go to!  Courteous.  Professional.  Timely.  Reasonably priced.  They were here in less than 24 hours and were able to meet MY cleaning standards (you all don't know me, but my standards are high!).What I really liked though were the options.  There is no 1-size-fits-all cleaning solution, and they worked with me to determine what I really needed to fit within the budget that I had.  You can get a 1-time-down-home-cleaning, or a short 2-hour-quick-clean, or a la carte!  I think this is the best.And have you SEEN their 49-point inspection?  You need to!
5	Paula and her staff were outstanding.  Service was fast and professional and the price very reasonable.  I would use them again in the future and recommend them to others.  Great service!
5	Paula and her Crew do a thorough job of cleaning my store and entertainment facility. Our bathrooms get quite a bit of use by 10-16yo boys and you can imagine what it may look like after that... But they come in and clean it up - lickety-split and leave it smelling and looking Great !!!!
5	I used Maid Pro to clean my house as I turn it into a rental home. I researched on yelp and they had nothing but rave 5 star views and my experience totally matched that! Everything is spotless and looks/smells great. Carpets, hardwood floors, baseboards, cabinets all spotless.  Thank you Maid Pro for being an efficient, honest and friendly Maid service.
5	This is my second time using Maid Pro and both times they have done a great job.  Even with a few miscommunications regarding price (not the fault of the person cleaning the house) I am very impressed with the professionalism and flexibility with time frames.  Stephanie did an amazing job with the limited time I had for her to be at my home.  I was having it cleaned at the end of my lease to better my chances of getting my full deposit and she really paid extra attention to all of the little details that made the house look extra clean.  She had to work around movers and carpet cleaners and didn't complain or stop for anything.  The house looked great and I'm very sure that due to her efforts I will be receiving my full deposit.  If you are in need of a one time cleaning or a weekly/monthly service, I would highly recommend you give them a call.
2	Have used them for about 4 times. Had an initial clean which is quite a bit more than the maintenance ones. Then was told one rate for their 49 point checklist and that was higher than I wanted to pay so they gave me another rate for just floors, bathrooms and kitchen and that was about $50 less. After the initial clean I was really disappointed. Lots of things not done, streaky floors all over. I emailed them and they came back the next day and fixed it.Maintence cleans every other week have been pretty good, occasionally streaky floors in a few places and a few minor things missed. This week I requested the full 49 point clean as we were having company coming. When I saw my credit card they charged me the amount for the initial clean which is $50 more than I was told. I called them and got nowhere. Very frustrated right now. And the weird thing that I tried to explain to her is that I told her the rate I was quoted when I called them to request the upgraded cleaning.  So if you use them make sure they quote you a price if you change anything rather than assuming its going to be what you were initially told.
5	Maidpro is the best decision I've made for myself in a long time! As a working mother of 5 kids I could hardly find the time to pick up let alone clean my entire house! When i come home after the girls have been there, it's like a breath of fresh air! I tell all my friends about the detailed work they do and the reasonable prices!! Love them!!
1	Don't use MaidPro.  As Autie Em says in Wizard of Oz.....I'm dying to tell you what I thought of it.....and....well....being a christian woman, I can't say it!
5	Maidpro Gilbert has been cleaning our office for two years now.As a business, there are many details to manage.  What I enjoy is the scheduled service with prior notice emailing and post service email follow up.  After yesterday's cleaning, the shop staff was commenting on what a good job the gal did.  That's a compliment you don't hear often from a group of working men.  I thought you would be delighted to hear this...Well done and Thank you Paula!
2	My boyfriend and I had been considering cleaning services for awhile. We both work full time and with to toddlers the last thing we want to be doing on our days off is cleaning. I orginally saw a living social deal for another company but with poor yelp reviews I opted to pay a little more for what I hoped would be a better exprience. I filled out an on line questionaire and then recieved a phone call a few days later with a quote. I spoke to Matt and told him what I was looking for. A deep thorough clean to start and then a bi-weekly service of touch ups. I also let him know I had family coming in town and wanted to change one of the bi-weekly cleans to a few days earlier to accommidate my guests. He was able to do that no problem! I also went over some of my biggest areas of concerns like door frames being wiped down (toddlers lover to run there hands over everything) he made notes of all my concerns. I was excited about my clean and couldnt wait to come home to a clean housefast forward to cleaning day.... Our cleaner shows up she was friendly but asked if this was the first time cleaning in our home or if this was a repeat clean. This threw me off because I was told I was getting an exprienced cleaner who will come in and deep clean my house and pay attention to areas of concern. Was she not told everything I discussed 3 days prior with Matt? This shouldve been our first red flag but we ignored it and moved on. We let her know we were going to run errands to get the babies out of the house so they would not be in the way and if she could give us a call when she was done we would appreciate it. 3hrs goes by we dont get a call but decided to head hme and check it out. Upon entering our home we find that our GAS stove top was left on and the house was full of gas we are lucky there wasnt an emergency like our house blowing up. Once we opened all the doors and windows we walked through the house and immidetaly I was disappointed. Apart from some parts of the floors being cleaned and the beds made not much else was done. I called Matt and left him a message. No call back. I then sent an email asking to cancel the bi-weekly schedule i signed up for. He responded asking if I found a better rate. That annoyed me slightly as he knew I had my house cleaned the prior day I left him a message noo returned call and he didnt ask how my exprience was just if i found a cheaper rate. ANyways I told him about my frustrations with my clean. He offered to send what I understood to be a touch up crew which I let him know I would not be happy with. I didnt need a touch up I needed a cleaning... the one I paid for. He told me he could send Jayme a quality control manager to check out my house the following day. When she got there I let her know I was just frustrated at my exprience and I showed her the checklist provided by her company and we went down the list and I showed her maybe 3 things of the 49 things were done. She agreed that everything was missedceiling fans not wipedblinds not wipedwindow sills not wipedswitch plates not wipesdoor frames not wipedcabinets not wipedthe only mirror in my house not wipedshelves not wipedwe closed my daughters door and realised everything was just swept behind thereJayme was nice and super apologic and ensured me this was not acceptable and not there standards and offered me a complete reclean at my convenience. I accepted and asked for Matt to call me that day so we could work out a time. I dont recieve a call so I send an email. I dont hear anything until the next day. I didnt really feel a sincere apologly but I am hoping Jayme let him know why I was so frustrated. What did the last cleaner do in my house for 3hrs? Anyways the re clean is today and again I a mtaking my kids out of the house so as not to be in the way. I just hope this time I am blown away and get the deep clean I am hoping for.I will post a follow up review after todays cleaning.
5	Maid Pros was such a great experience. I didn't realize how dirty my house until they came. The Check List they go through was amazing, to go through things I never thoughts of. I also loved that I got an email the day before and a call to remind me they were coming out. Both girls showed up and were very professional and also personable with me and my 3 kids. They didn't seem bothered or upset that we had our kids there for some of the time, which was so nice to feel that connection and professionalism. I love the personal touch I got and how they asked me if there was any certain areas that we want to work on for our first clean. I feel like a SUPER HUSBAND for having them out here, and now my wife and I have more time for our kids. So amazing! I now have them coming up 2 times a month for more maintenance and I am excited for the next time.
5	My wife and I won $1000 gift certificate from Maidpro from a drawing at Flancers and we couldn't be happier! Even though we have used it all up already we will continue using them for all of our future cleaning needs. Their staff is very professional and thorough. They have always been on time and easy to schedule with. If you're looking for a quality cleaning company that you can count on you found it.
5	MaidPro (Gilbert) has been cleaning our office for the past three months and they've done a spectacular job. As an SEO company in downtown Gilbert it's very important that we have a maid service that really works hard for us. This ensures that everyone in the company can spend their time being dedicated to provide excellent service to our clients instead of having to worry about cleaning the office. Working in an office within a desert area, dust is a constant issue. With our MaidPro team supporting us we don't have to worry about dust settling all over our workspace. They consistently dust all surfaces - even the top edges of our whiteboard frames and our ping pong table. They take extra special care in cleaning all our glass surfaces which is really important, as we have a few windows inside our office space. Thanks to MaidPro we don't have to worry about streaks or grime on our inner windows or glass desks giving us an unprofessional appearance. They thoroughly clean the floor and baseboards, the toilets and sinks are spotless, and all the trash is taken care of with the spare bags set handily in the bottom of the trash cans. The spotless appearance and lemony fresh smell of the office always puts a smile on my face when I come in after they clean. If you want a thorough, consistent, and diligent maid service for you office or home then I cannot provide a better recommendation than MaidPro (Gilbert). I can't thank them enough for their wonderful service, so if you try them out based on my recommendation - let them know that you did thanks to the appreciation of the team at Managed Admin.
