2	I went here to find out about wedding dress alterations.  I wanted to find out more about Barbara and her prices, etc., before I committed to a tailor for my dress.  She was rude and short with me and seemed offended that I might want to find out more about the person to which I was entrusting my wedding dress.  I would not recommend.
3	I had an old pea coat that I needed to be taken in to fit me better.  The coat came back looking much more svelte on me (I got compliments) and the lining looked good.  The proprietor can be a bit brusque, but not rude.  The alterations took about a week.
1	I also found her rude, unwilling to answer questions.
5	She has been doing repairs for me for years. She is excellent and fair priced. I cannot believe ratings of one and two from people who did not even try her. She actually did alterations for my wedding dress and it was perfect.
3	Barbara altered my wedding dress on somewhat short notice (about 5 weeks out). She took the sides in at the top for me and it fit perfectly after one visit so I would highly recommend her if you just need something fitted. I am quite petite, however, and even after two visits the dress was too long and the bustle was dragging on the floor and one spot was kind of left out of the bustle party altogether (which she was not concerned about even though it looked pretty awful). Barbara's response when I tried on the dress for the last time was "well, you don't have your shoes on" and I did ... all five and half inches of them. All night at the wedding reception, people kept asking me if I wanted to bustle my dress and I had to reply that it was actually already bustled as myself and others trampled on it in dance mode. But at least the top stayed up perfectly and really, that is the number one concern,  I think. In conclusion - YES for Barbara if you need something taken in. If you need a long dress shortened or bustled, give yourself enough time for 3-4 visits. I am sure she could rock it out had I given her more than two attempts to shorten and bustle.
5	I can't recommend Barbara enough. As a petite lady, I have to get a lot of things hemmed and taken in, and she always does a great job. Her work is consistent, timely, and a bargain. She charges less for things like hemming than any of the local laundries, which I've tried a few times to poor and mangled result.Barbara is great for the small fix as well as the bigger projects. When I was traveling abroad, I had to have some major alterations to a jacket double-quick at the heart of prom season. And she still managed it! In a small town with a lot of chains, Barbara is the place to go.
5	I've had three shirts and one pair of pants done by her and each time she did EXACTLY what we talked about. She has hit the nail on the head 4 times.I don't understand people commenting on her attitude. She's not the kind of person who is going to rush to the door and act oh so very- knock me over I have been waiting for you all day to show up in my store, please whip out your phone and show me pictures of your kids person. She's a pro who runs the show herself and appreciates clarity in why you brought the garment in.Take your garment to her and try it out, there's a risk in everything.Thanks
