5	I love sending my fabulous clothes here. I drop them off at 8:45 and pick them up at 5:30... Life is good when you know you can trust a dry cleaners with your stylish hip clothing... right?! lolThey get it right and you don't even have to leave your car!!! *thought I would note that b/c I know there are many other lazy people in the world too*
3	Maybe I feel bad after giving the North Scottsdale location a 2 star review, so I'm upgrading and giving this one another star... Since we've moved, Jared has been sending his shirts and suits to this location.  I am sometimes the one who does pick up duty, so I've been to this Prestige several times, and I must say, they are super friendly and do a good job... Plus, their prices for men's shirts are not bad... $2.30 each i think (unless it's name brand in which case it's more).Today, I picked up a suit and I noticed the charge for that was $22.40 - that's kind of a lot, dontcha think?  Correct me if I'm wrong - I have no clue when it comes to suits.I can tell you though, that Prestige does a really good job... If $$ were not an issue, I'd use Prestige all of the time!
2	On the advice of my seamstress, I dropped my wedding dress here to get cleaned before the big day. My mom went to pick it up a few days later while I was at work. I got a totally livid phone call from her reporting that they couldn't find my dress. Gave them my last name... nothing. My phone number.... nothing. My -invoice- number... nothing! Finally my mom just described the dress to them and they combed the entire "T" section to find it.  The woman that took the order had completely misspelled my last name (despite it being written correctly on the invoice...?) and put it under a completely different first name ("Carine?" WTF?)When we told them the initials of the woman who'd taken the order, they rolled their eyes and said "that woman has lost -so many- clothes." When my mom asked why she still works there, they just shrugged. "Don't trust this cleaner with your precious clothing." You said it, Steven! Honestly, if they had totally lost my dress, I just would have laughed hysterically. But I can imagine some bride having her entire world shattered by this place.
1	Ruined several of my shirts, extremely overpriced, unhelpful employees... This place is on my black-list...If you are going to use them DO NOT, i repeat, DO NOT do what they call 'fluff and fold', it's what they told me was the same as Wash/Fold laundry at other places....What it turned out to be was wash, with no fold... the folding was amateur, and that means a lot coming from someone who pays to get things folded for him haha! Plus it was expensive as shit! One of the things I miss most about SF is chinese wash/fold, it is amazing there...
5	Great service. Love the way they press my pillow cases and duvet. Also I know if I want to take care of one  of my nicer peices of clothing I can count on Prestige making it look the best!!
1	I pulled up and dropped off my clothes (underwear, undershirts, socks, jeans, and a few cotton shirts). There was nothing that needed dry-cleaning. I told Erin (the blond woman) that I wanted the fluff and fold. She said it would be ready the following day.I go back two days later and they had dry-cleaned 5 t-shirts, 1 pair of jeans, and 1 hoodie. No permission was ever given and I specifically said that I wanted the fluff and fold. None of these clothes were nice enough to dry clean and there was no risk of shrinkage. THE ENTIRE BILL WAS ABOUT $80 WITH WHAT SHOULD HAVE ONLY COST ABOUT $30.When I questioned Erin about this she said that I never explicitly told her not to do the dry-cleaning. Besides this this place is just way to expensive for just getting your clothes washed (FLUFF AND FOLD is just a marketing gimmick). Just by a washer and dryer instead or go someplace else. If you dropped your vehicle off to get the air conditioner fixed and when you returned they had fixed the transmission, replaced the tires, and redone the paint., then they heldyour car hostage until you paid for all of the additional work, wouldn't you be pissed? THIS IS THE SAME THING. AVOID.
1	No, No, No just don't go here. Gave my husbands expensive suit in to be dry cleaned and my mistake I gave it in with the hanger, not a cheap plastic one like they gave me back. The lady I picked it up from said it did not have a hanger with it, given she was not who I handed it in to I was surprised at her rude and adamant demeanor. Did not even check with any one flat out refused and said that's how it came in. Make matters worse I had to get it dry cleaned again elsewhere as they did not do a good job, creases where there should not have been. Total Disappointment.
