5	Dr. Miller is awesome and talented. The hygenist, Lauren is great and the cleanings don't hurt! Lovely offices, great location, and they will work with you regarding payment.
5	I moved to AZ about 4 years ago and for the first couple of years I would fly back to TX to get my dental work done, because it is HARD to find a good dentist!  So after much research I found Dr.Miller at Aesthetic Dentistry and I am so happy I did.  The entire office staff is so friendly!  The hygienist takes her time with you and is very thorough and gentle.  Dr. Miller filled my cavity and when he gave me the injection to numb my gum I could barely feel it at all!  Which is good because I'm a sissy about needles.  The office is extremely nice and I can't stress enough how friendly and comfortable they make you feel.
5	I have always had an issue about my teeth. Terrified of the drill, and just the thought of going makes me sweat.Then I met Dr. Miller. Actually I was introduced to him by a staff member, who had been to him.He promised I would be okay!Well, it still took about 6 months, but eventually the day came - you know, the toothache, and I made an appointment,The staff were great - and I say that with total honesty. From the moment I walked in, I felt at ease. I have been back for additional work, including a very complex bridge, and cleanings.My dental work has been great, and I am thrilled with the results.
5	I was scared to death to go to the dentist in this country. I got to spoiled getting top level dental care in Europe that I didn't know what to expect. While experiencing a lot of pain and an overgrown wisdom tooth, I had no choice but to go, butI couldn't afford to take time off work to go to my old dentist and neither could I afford it financially.Luckily, my boss at work at the time made me a recommendation and referred me to his dentist. I agreed to his advice and made an appointment. Everything from initial phone call to the staff welcome and appearance of the office calmed all my fears. My teeth and overall oral hygiene were just awful, and I was just overdue for a visit...I could not even recall the last time I had been to a dentist.After the tooth extraction and a thorough and well needed cleaning, I was back on my feet. Dr miller and his first class staff made me feel so welcome and at ease that my confidence rebounded and my initial fears unfounded.Since my first visit to Aesthetic Dentistry of Scottsdale, I have never looked back. I thought I had been transported to the "Four Seasons" of dentistry. Dr. Miller and his staff's professionalism, kindness and exceptional care were beyond any of my expectations. Despite having dental offices within walking distance of my house, I prefer to drive the extra distance knowing that I am investing in the first rate dental care with no compromise.I recommend Dr Edward Miller and Aesthetic Dentistry of Scottsdale without any reservations. If you have anxiety about going to the dentist like I have experienced, then you will find a world of calm and peace while being taken care of by Dr. Miller. Five stars all the way.
5	I have reviewed this dentist previously, but I wanted to update.Here I am 10 months later, and I could not be happier. I have been in for at least three cleanings, and two checkups. Each time, both Dr. Kelly as well as the hygienist, Jennifer, have been nothing but awesome. The office manager is also great at explaining charges and fees, something few doctors ever bother to do. A few weeks ago, my mother in law had an emergency, and went to see her own (another) dentist. My wife called me from there to say they wanted to do surgery immediately! Mmm, I told her to take her to see my dentist for a second opinion. Dr. Kelly took one look at her, and sent to the ER, saying this was not a situation a dentist should be working with. She spent three days in the ER.Now that is why I trust them - Honest and to the point! That's what we expect from our healthcare providers.If you are looking for a top notch dentist, who actually cares!I will be with them for life!
5	Dr Kelly is a consumate professional with a great caring attitude about his patients.  From the minute you walk in the door you are greeted so pleasantly (you almost forget you're at a dentist!)Dr Kelly and his entire staff are wonderful!!
