3	The Links offers all you should expect from a pub/sports bar. Student discount on reasonably tasty pub grub, plenty of sports viewing screens and a tidy oak interior result in a yet another of a large list of drinking spots around Edinburgh.Nothing special and nothing out of the ordinary here, much like this review. Nonetheless, at least I've highlighted a reliable watering hole. It's currently under refurbishment (see picture) so expect a new and improved Links coming soon.
2	I was always told that when I went into second year, The Links would be the new Crags. I was lied to.yeah the Links is just like the Crags, same management and same menu and drinks deals. But something is just not right,...I came here recently with my dad on a nice summers day, we wanted somewhere cheap and cheerful for a burger with outdoor seats. The Links seemed perfect. However my burger was horrible, really greasy and my dad's was just plain disgusting. I asked for lemonade, which was just fizzy water, and my dad's lager was cider. The staff weren't very attentive, we had to get everything we wanted inside ourselves.I wasn't overly impressed with the Links!! It's ok for a couple drinks or to watch the rugby, but the food is p*sh.
3	Over the past year, the Links Bar has become one of my new places to drink in Edinburgh. With living in Bruntsfield it is quite close and this place has become the bar of choice for many students in the surrounding area!The bar has a couple of pool tables and widescreen televisions for those important football matches. During semester, this place is very busy when the football is on, so if you want a seat, come early to avoid disappointed.For students, the prices of drinks are more expensive than your typical student union, but what bar isn't? The food is alright, not the best, but certainly not the worse. Students can also enjoy two main meals for the price of one, so it is ideal for students who want to go out for a meal on the cheap!Service can be slow at times, but overall it is pretty good for an evening's entertainment!
3	This was pretty much my home in 2nd year of uni, and it did the job well. The pub is pretty big, with a good outside seating area for a bit of summer drinking and smoking. The staff are friendly and it is on the SR card, giving you drinks reductions (admittedly not as good as a few years ago but better than nothing). Packed with students, the Links is definitely a young persons bar.The drinks there are all good, and pretty cheap as well though. Steer clear of the Guinness though, as it has played havoc with everyone's stomach the day after. They also sell Sahara nuts, which are so more-ish, I must have spent hundreds on them. They have two pool tables at the back, which used to be free weekdays from 2 till 6. This offer isn't there anymore, but I have been told it is coming back. As well as this they have a pub quiz that is always pretty good fun, except it is the worst I know for people cheating on iphones. Overall a good cheap pub for students, especially celebrating after exams, but for others there are better ones around the Bruntsfield area.
3	Good Location, new bones (recently had renovations), just a average old' gal with a pretty face really. Service is okay,Washrooms were warm (I swear, edinburgh rarety),Food.. meh..
4	I've attended a few group drinks nights at The Links and have always really enjoyed myself.  The service is great and they're very accomodating. They've got a few private function rooms with lovely decor.  The large patio area in front is fab in the summer!
4	Really like this bar on a sunny day having a Guiness watching the world go by from their beer garden. The have a nice selction of shorts and resonable offerings on tap. The staff even managed to intoduce me to a new vodka that is now a firm favourite.  Eaten here a couple of times off the tapas menu and really enjoyed what I had, as did my companions for the evening. There is a loyalty card system that gets you 10% off as well. Needless to say like all these card things I have to rely on my other half as I lost mine in 5 minutes.
2	I wasn't impressed with The Links Bar. Although interior okay it lacked any kind of atmosphere. Service was okay, we didn't eat but wasn't all that happy with the drinks i had a flat coke and my husband had a pint of beer that just tasted off he wasn't impressed either!
4	The Links Bar shouldn't really be as good as it is, after all it's a hotel bar... The thing is it is also a pleasant pub, with a large patio to the front overlooking the Bruntsfield Links, and they have a good range of beers and spirits.The bar staff are friendly and if you decide to eat here the food comes out reasonably quickly and is tasty, the tapas menu would be ideal for a large group of people too.All in all a good bar to drink or eat in and on a nice day the ideal location just to people watch and while away the afternoon.
3	Food is so so.  Good for watching a rugby game and having a pint.
3	I used to go to this bar a lot back in my uni days, but recently when Sara P and I were walking to her house, and I was about to pass out because I was so hungry, we decided to pop in here for dinner. Since then, we went back again, this time with Joe A. and just for a few drinks.It has had a much needed refurb since I used to visit and looks a lot better. Pretty chilled out environment. There are two sides to the place (literally), if you turn right when you go through the door then there is more of a restaurant feel to it, if you turn left then there is often sport of the TV and a couple of regulars propped up at the bar.Staff are pretty friendly and attentive. The first time we went, we were served by a very helpful lady who went out of her way to serve us. The second time the men behind the bar seemed pretty decent.Granted it was a weekday both times we visited, but it was pretty dead. It used to be full to the brim with students and every day is a weekend for them so I don't know if they are trying to move away from being a student pub a bit now.The menu is quite attractive and when I ate there I had a steak pie and it was pretty tasty.I think this place is what it is. They are always showing sport, the drinks are pretty cheap and they serve pub food. One thing though, in the summer it is usually mobbed as they face out onto the Bruntsfield Links and have lots of tables outside so it is great to sit in the sun (if we ever see it again).
4	Wow the Links bar got all grown up....!I have to admit I have been avoiding this place for the last few years purely on the presumpotion that well I was a little too old to hang out here now!! Those heady days of being 25 and hungover and in need of nachos and a screen showing rugby/football etc a distant memory.So I was truly astonished to find myself sitting outsidre here a few weeks ago, glance at a menu and see "seafood platter"!! This cannot be the same place where I once downed a dirty pint standing on a pool table while a rugby team chanted at me questioning my sexuality based on the duration of the "downage" of the pint....!?But in fact it is, its been Marchmontised I'ld say, and to be fair its really great. Lovely spot to enjoy a sunny day with a qaulity craft beer. Highly JD Recommended!!!
4	The Links Bar is an oddity! It's a quiet, out of town hotel bar which can turn into the biggest wave of activity at the drop of a hat.It has lots of flat screen TVs, which when there are an array of different sporting competitions running simultaneously, can be a great thing. Though admittedly the screen in the middle of the bar is a little distracting when one is trying to converse over a pint. I didn't think I cared for cricket until one particular visit!The alcohol is fairly standard. I'm a cider drinker by trade, but find myself resorting to lager when I visit as their selection is limited. Having said that, they do keep their lines clean, so whatever you choose, you'll get a good pint.I've not had too much in the way of food since they offered their tapas selection. Since this was a while ago and they no longer serve that menu, I'm not best placed to comment. Though it does look and smell good when the food goes out.I've been in a load of times over the last couple of years, and certainly with its spacious beer garden overlooking Bruntsfield Links, this place should be on your 'bars for summer' list and if you're after a good vibe during the rugby or footie, you can hit far worse bars.
