5	I love this place any time of the day. Some of the friendliest bartenders in town and great bar food 24 hours of the day. Also has a great jukebox. Tell em "Bill sent you!"
5	Great place for the post-swing shift crowd. Be warned: Gavin is really good at his job. You might come in for a quick drink and leave f***ed up
4	Been here many, many times. Food wise we really like the place and they have a frequent customer card which is nice. The staff is always friendly and quick to pour you a drink!Ordered a to go pizza and it was great! Lots of toppings and NY thin crust style which we really like. Also ordered the wings, they were a bit overdone and not really to my liking so I won't be ordering those again.I've had several other things here... the Philly is massive and good! Wifey likes the salad with chicken, don't remember exactly which one. Their ranch dressing kicks ass! We like Putters, it's close, clean and the staff is very friendly. They also have pool, Golden Tee and a few other games if you're into that.
5	My local watering hole. The food is OK I stick with the pizza for the most part. The white pizza is awesome. I really dig the fried cheese. They use a pepper jack motz. The Ruben is huge and really good and the Philly is awesome too.  Grave yard specials start at 11pm. The kitchen is closed between 3 and 7am. Typical bar beers and spirits. Golden Tee, Putt Putt, Darts, pool, Big buck hunter and a mega touch.
5	We stopped in here for dinner because we'd just finished our first visit to Glazier's Marketplace, and we had a restaurant.com certificate.  Not long ago we went to the Putter's on Cheyenne and weren't blown away by it, but the atmosphere here is totally different.  You'd never know it was the same chain.  This one has ambiance, nice lighting, and a terrific bar area with comfy, upholstered benches and high tables ringing the perimeter.  We sat at one of these, since the dining room was closed.Kyle, our server, doubled as the bartender (and maybe tripled as the cook, too).  He was terrific - got everything right, even when I played "Five Easy Pieces" with the turkey sandwich I was ordering (rye instead of sourdough, pepper jack instead of swiss - no problem!).  But I'm getting ahead of myself.We started with Spicy Fried Pickles - six spears that were hot, crisp, and superb, served with bleu cheese dip?  I don't know, because they didn't need any dip.  My turkey sandwich was big, hot, grilled, and delicious, and I was amazed to discover that it was real roast turkey!  Kyle said they roast the turkeys on-site.  My husband had the reuben, and it was also big, hot, grilled and delicious.  For our sides, we skipped the fries and ordered a side salad (no extra charge).  For a side, it was huge, served in a ceramic skillet-shaped dish, and had a mix of iceberg and romaine, three big slices of cuke, onions, carrots, cabbage, and chopped tomatoes.  The only thing interrupting our dinner experience was the two young women from Long Guyland at the bar who were plastered, and shrieked and cackled constantly, that is until one of the two got up and let some guy rub her boobs for what seemed like an hour (but was probably a minute and a half).  That provided the visual entertainment, so I guess this Putter's has it all.  We'll definitely be back!
3	Service is okay, inconsistent though. Not crowded at all during the mornings so it's a great alternative to the weekend crowd at IHOP. Got the club sandwich with fries for $8. It was huge, brought home half. It was good. In 2009, I tried the fried panko jack cheese. Never, again.  It made me and my guest sick... bathroom sick.
5	The Durango's Putters is the best. Great food, drinks and fast, friendly, service. Nice laid back atmosphere with friendly customers. Gaming/Sports bar with restaurant. Haven't been for breakfast, but dinner and apps are consistently good and inexpensive.
1	Ordered take out and was definitely not happy with what we got and this is the 2nd time in a row this has happened.My cheesesteak had about 1/3 of the meat it used to have, they didn't put any mushrooms or green chilis as requested, and now they use cheez whiz instead of the melted provolone goodness that they used to.Wife's salad was mediocre and mainly consisted of lettuce rather than the salad that we're accustomed to. To top it all off they don't use their loyalty stamp cards anymore so not a whole lot of reasons to be going back.
5	Atmosphere: Not too noisy, not too crowded. Couple video games, pool, awesome horseshoe bar, high tops and booths. Really nice people too. Food/Drink: Great drink specials and prices aren't all that expensive to begin with. The really surprising part was the food. I didn't expect such a nondescript bar to have great food. They have sweet potato fries which are one of my favorites. They have some tasty sliders and the fried mac and cheese is also recommended. The Frisco melt and spinach-artichoke dip are pretty tasty too. I found myself eating the dip even after I was full just because it tasted so good.They're open 24 hours. Kitchen closes at like 1 AM I believe so if you're looking for food, get there before that. There are other Putter's around town, I can only put my stamp of approval on this one and it's awesome.
4	This review is for Monday night trivia which just started at Putters.  I love pub trivia, so that's what brought me to Putters for the first time.  For dinner I had hot chicken wings and a couple of Landsharks.  The Landsharks were great, the wings not so much.  They were a little dry and needed more wing sauce.  The food is on par with a PTs, maybe not quite as good.  Although judging from the other reviews, I should have tried their pizza.  Even though the food was mediocre, what made Putters stand out to me was the great service and very clean bar and bathroom.  Apparently, Putters is smokefree because it was also not a smoky nightmare.  I would definitely go back to Monday night trivia and will reserve my judgment of the food until I have tried a few more things on the menu.
4	I came here specifically for pub trivia and I wasn't disappointed (despite not winning!). There are a lot fewer participants than most of the other pub trivias in town, meaning better odds, hahah. The ladies were host it are fun and welcoming. I highly recommend this place for trivia. The food and drink specials were pretty darn good as well. Good value and a great time was had by all. I tried the corn dog bites with fries and my trivia partner, Carolyn S tried the beef tacos. My food was delicious and so was hers. Happy Hour lasts until 7, which is a plus, but the food is reasonably priced either way. The drink specials kick butt as well. They are cheap and the service was pretty quick.I will definitely be back and I can't wait to do so.
4	I heard the Pub Trivia here was fun, so I brought a dozen friends and we had a good time.  Happy Hour prices are decent and I recommend the beef tacos - they're well seasoned and very meaty!  The wings were just awful with too little sauce, though the sauce itself was no good either.  The ribs also had a woeful lack of sauce.  The spinach dip was great and shared well.  The pizzas look pretty simple and they're single-serve, but my friends all liked theirs.The trivia itself is what keeps us coming back.  The prizes are cash, which we love.  Although we hate the "torture round" where one team gets to pick next week's topic, and they always pick something only they know.  So all the other teams sit there frustrated for twenty minutes.  They really should change it to like 3 questions, so it's a little point boost for that one team, but doesn't piss off the other 90% of player every week.
4	Fair pricing, solid food and decent atmosphere. Good service also. They also play a trivia game here Monday nights
5	Since I'm new to Vegas checking out local areas is on the top of the list.  Met up with a few co-workers for Monday night Trivia that starts at 7pm.  I think they have happy hour from 4-7 with 2.50 drink specials and extended past 7 for those playing Trivia.  The host is pretty good and interactive with the crowd.  Like most MC's you feed off the vibe of the crowd.  They have top three prizes and categories that range from history, tv shows, movies, casino chips and everything in between.  Plan to be there on Monday's going forward.  I didn't try the food this past Monday so I can't tell you anything about it.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  The place looked good for small groups or large crowds.  Crowd ranged from young 20's to mid 40's from what I saw on Monday.  People coming straight from work to people dressed in sweats that came straight from the gym.  Nice local place to hangout.
1	To say that the service is pathetic would not accurately quantify how bad this place sucks.  I have been here twice now, both times on Friday nights with Jen as the bartender. On my last visit (tonight) she spoke to me once during the HOUR I was at the bar to get my drink order.Once she had my order, she went back to the activity that I obvioulsy interupted her from: talking with her friends.  Unfortunately, one of said friends was sitting next to me and I was unable to avoid overhearing some of the things coming out of her mouth.  I really thought I was at a Marine Corp bar in San Diego... grotesque language.  Not to mention casting expursions on quite a few customers after they left (I can only imagine what was said about me).I see these good reviews, I was even checking them from my phone while I was in there, and I made it a point to Check In to make sure I was in the right spot.  The reviews I read do not accurately reflect the service I saw this evening.  For one, most of them are quite old, but two... Tell me what days to go in because I need to witness "service" from this dive to believe it exists.I will not be back, beyond that, I would steer a friend far clear.  Especially in this neighborhood - there are 15 other bars within a mile.
4	I come to Putter's for QQuiz, six rounds of trivia every Monday at 7 p.m. Service can be hit or miss in both the dining room or the bar, but the quiz categories and prize money my team (usually) wins makes up for it.The food is good, and pretty standard for bar fare. I'd recommend the chicken nachos or the chef salad. If you have the best team name for QQuiz, you get a free beer, and if you get at least 45 points (out of 60), you get a free shot. In summation, after said free beer and shot tonight, Putter's gets three stars, but QQuiz gets them an extra one.
5	The bartender misses behind the bar made me a yummy bloody mary! Haven't had one in years! It was amazing and I got it for free with playing double bonus poker on her bar!  This location is spacious, good for get togethers to play pool, to have a nice mellow drinking night,  good atmosphere, good people, good food! I will visit in the near future when I make it back to  Vegas...my 2nd home that I love!
3	Putter's has trivia every Monday night where you can win free drinks and money depending on the number of teams. The QQuiz trivia team gets 5 stars but unfortunately the service can be a bit spotty and the food is just meh. Luckily they make up for it with decent happy hour specials on both food and beer. If you are looking for fun trivia give QQuiz a try on Monday's at 7PM!
5	I've been frequenting this bar for over 2 years now. There are a couple main reasons I love it. First and foremost, Kyle. He is by far the BEST bartender I have ever met. He makes each visit fun, and exciting.  It's a chill place to relax with many familiar and friendly faces. Gavin is also great, I usually avoid the evenings when they are not present, at least when it comes to good service. Food? I love it. Typical bar food items to choose from, but it's all really good. Pizza is amazing too, try the Greek Pizza!The trouble I have with Putters is...I try and stop in for  a drink or two and end up staying, and calling a cab! Kyle likes to make different drink creations that are to die for. And if you are a fan of bloody mary's?? You MUST try Kyle's. Delish! I'm almost embarrassed to admit, but when I made a decision to move back in Nov, I chose my location in part, large part, due to this bar. :) So yeah, I like it. Stop in, give it a try. I recommend Tue, Wed, or Thurs nights ;)
3	This is a great local bar with great food, there staff is extremely friendly and provide great service. If your looking for a good local bar to go relax and watch sports events this is the place to go...
2	My husband thinks the wings here are amazing. It smells so bad when you walk in though because of all the smoke. They have a pool table and dart board and a juke box so that's a plus and the bar tender seemed cool. Besides the smoke its a cool place to chill and drink.
3	I'm not a big video poker tavern guy -- so the bar side of things is left out of this review. I do like coming here for a quick, inexpensive breakfast. Service is friendly and accurate. The food is cooked correctly, though sometimes it takes a little while. I've usually arrived in the mid-to-late morning and been served immediately. For food alone, expect to pay $8-$10 a person for breakfast.
5	I was very pleasantly surprised.My sweetie and I were headed for "Yolks and Stacks ",  in the same strip mall kinda thing, upon approaching said establishment, we beheld a line - and worse - screaming children. The last thing I wanted to hear while dining is a shrieking child.I cast about, and saw "Putter 's Bar and Grill " . We went there.This Putter 's is a kinda average looking Sports Bar on the inside, but nice, and the seating is adequate and comfy. We ordered. BLT and Fries for sweetie, Buffalo Wings and a Bloody Mary for me.  The BLT and Fries were excellent! A huge sandwich and the fries were light and very tasty. My sweetie was very happy with her fare. My bloody Mary was done just the way I like - extra spicy. Very Good. My Wings,,,  They were excellent and Very flavorful, much, much better than expected. I would most definitely eat here again. Our server,  named Crystal, was nothing short of awesome, she was the bartender / waitress on duty,  and she did her job very well,  spreading good cheer :-)Overall, Putter 's was a very pleasant experience, and the food was great. A happy and unexpected find. 5 stars.
1	This was my second time here, the service was dismal both times. We went in for the appealing happy hour, however we were not even offered a menu. Crystal the bartender appears to me miserable with her job. From a business prospective it doesn't make too much sense not to refill Customer's glasses. Putters management should be embarrassed by the service offered at their establishment. The DMV offers quicker, more friendly service.  After having an empty beer glass for 20 minutes I decided that it was time to cash out go to a bar that appreciates having Customers
