5	One night, Teej and I walked past this shop after becoming sufficiently inebriated (thanks, gin!).  It was well after 9:30 p.m., but we caught the eye of the proprietor who was behind a desk.  He beckoned us inside.  It was an odd situation to find myself in--a gaming shop, several hours after normal stores close for the night, kind of drunk.  BUT!  They had a fantastic array of nerdy games.  Teej and I admired these for awhile, vowing that we would return to patronize the store should we be in need of nerdy games in the near future.  The owner also told us that if we wanted something he didn't have, he'd special order it and we'd get 10% off.  How's that for service?Here's to you, nerd store!  I tip my hat in your direction.  You've bested my Spaniard.
5	After years of staying on the periphery of the gaming community it was finally time to buy my own die and get a miniature for the RPG we're doing.I was actually really hesitant to go in because I'm no hard core gamer but the woman working behind the desk was really helpful and friendly.Also, there is a room in the back with huge tables if you need somewhere to play.This place is definitely worth stopping into if you're a gamer. If you are a gamer you probably know about it already but for all you kids out there who may be new to town... this is the place to come for your needs.They have any books you would need, miniatures, die (of course) and so much more.
4	Chambananites,When you want to buy a boardgame that is not Milton-Bradley in C-U, come here. This is a local business that deserves to stay in-town.I usually shop for those award-winning German board games (Settlers, Puerto Rico, etc.) so I cannot testify for the other RPG or game types they have. It is not to say that I have been tempted though.Everytime I come, I cannot help but peruse what they have. I have seen that they have a bunch of the trading card, miniatures, and RPG books. The staff is friendly and helpful. If they don't have it, they can order the game will be 10% off. That is a great deal when some of these fancy, complex board games have retail prices of $50 or above. Did I forget to mention that there is a cat in the store?
4	Not a bad little shop.  Lot's of choices, lots of variety.  I would say this shop is a bit more slanted towards table-top Role-Playing Games and Trading Card Games, but the board game selection is nice.One gripe I have is their ordering system, and the only thing keeping me from giving a 5-star review.  I put in an order for a game months ago and still have yet to receive it.  Thankfully, the money isn't paid up front, but it still makes you wonder about the reliability of the service.
