3	Businesses like these could just as easily go into the business of skinning bunnies in front of babies. I can't believe the prices they charge, it's seriously the Circle K of teaching. They get a bunch of things you might need as a teacher, which can usually be secured more economically online and by scouring office supply stores/finding semi-abandoned warehouses full of stolen goods (totally kidding). It's really supply and demand with some of the stuff, ie cutesy planning books, desk ornaments, etc, but the stuff I go for is completely curriculum-related, an insult to have to buy in the first place, and completely unaffordable on a normal teacher's salary. I guess I just think the whole business is a sham, not this one store in particular, however, I am told that there is a much larger store for teachers in Paradise Valley somewhere. I described the Lakeshore as a Circle K--my coworker described this as a grocery store-sized place. I am fond of some of the Lakeshore brand things, but really have less use for them than a preschool teacher or mom or dad might. If I were a parent, I'd probably camp out here, buying for a class of kids is a bit different.
4	Located in the same parking lot as Babies R Us, this is a must stop for any parent looking for new ideas for educational toys for their littleun's. This place was packed this past weekend but with back to school shopping being done by teachers and parents...totally understandable. Their aisles are seperated in subjects for e.g...Mathematics, Science, etc...and also by age group such as infant and toddler toys etc. Lots of stuff to find there for teachers. The prices are slightly high and the store is pretty small for all the things they have jam packed in there. I was expecting a much bigger store. I was looking for some stackable blocks for lil'un and the lady wasn't able to help much until I found them on my own. They carry a bunch of stuff from the Mellissa and Doug line for kids toys. Also have a few musical instruments. This store is more geared towards parents then for little kids...very different from Brilliant Sky.
3	Cute place, lots of variety, prices are very high compared to online. The weekend "Science Fair" is very small, not really what I'd call it. More like 2 or 3 crafts/learning centers... but still nice.
4	Being someone that's needing more toys for nieces and the profession I'm in, I love the store.  They have toys that allow for creativity, unlike Toys R Us which seems to have every toy in the world meant for every purpose.  I hate specific toys for specific types of play, I feel it stifles creativity, which is why I love what Lakeshore has.  If it's too far away, they do have a website with more than what they have in store.  PLUS, I love that they have baby and family dolls in all different races, much more realistic than what you normally see with the blond, blue eyed babies that are everywhere.   My biggest minus is the exorbitant price of everything.  But you can get on a text discount thing where they send you discounts over the phone, and if you sign up for the mailing list they get you coupons to your door.  I did do the check-in deal through yelp last time I was there and they hassled me about it saying that it was't from their store.  Yes it is.  Your corporate advertising person put it there, please learn before you speak.  Luckily they took it after I explained to them that it was a product of their company and not of my imagination.  Otherwise, the store is great, but I will be waiting for paper coupons from now on.
4	A teacher's Paradise and a place parents should love too.   This is a very neat and well organized store with school supplies.  Lots and lost of school supplies.  From very early development through at least middles school.  I don't understand the method behind the way that it is organized.  But I know that the staff was able to help me find things I was looking for and I had no idea of the name of some of the items.  "Uhm, I'm looking for this card that teachers put stickers on for little kids.  They collect stickers on them as rewards..."   That my dear Yelper is called, "an Incentive Card".  But my point is that  I was looking for several things to donate to a school, but not being a teacher, I had no idea what those items were called.  The staff in that store was amazing.   They have a rewards buying program, so be sure to ask for the card.  I'll bet anything the sales person won't forget to suggest it.  I have heard some people complain that hte prices are too high.  I comparison shop just about everything on Amazon.com and I found the prices for the items I went in there to buy were comparable.  (If someone knows of an online site that offers cheaper than here, PM me.)
4	You can get all the things here cheaper on the internet.  However, sometimes you don't have anytime to waste waiting for things to arrive in the mail.  Lakeshore has great learning material and helpful aids to teach children of all ages.  They staff is friendly and helpful and they do have good sales occasionally.
4	This store can make you go bankrupt because they have almost everything you would need to set up a classroom and not at cheap prices! They do have a members card, but I believe you get the same deals that are going on in store. I went crazy at their boarder selection! It's nuts and fairly priced. The store is small, but packed. If you're looking for pocket charts, boarders or politically correct skin colored markers,this is the place for you.
3	The store was spread out so things were easy to find, but the employees were not that helpful. The store was almost empty and no one asked to help me the entire 30 minutes I was there. I was having problems with printing a baby registry and the 2 employees at the registry desk only assisted after I asked for help, because they were too busy playing on the computer.
