5	Having heard only good things, I put my 8 month old pup in the car and headed to "Spike's Treats." Tucked in the nice looking shopping center just in front of the Fountain Hill Fountain, is this family owned and operated store. Ronnie and Michelle introduced themselves when I came in and instantly greeted Ruckus, paid attention to the other customers (whom they all knew by name, and I noted were giving advice on healthy coats, food, etc) They also bake their own homemade treats, which Ruckus loved. We got into an in depth conversation about the origination of the store, how it was named after their dog who had passed, and I ended up leaving with new shampoo for dry puppy skin, treats, who are now, friends and people I know I could count on and call for anything. Talk about shopping local, I would suggest anyone go to Spike's.
5	Love this place for all their quality foods, treats, and eventa for our pup. They care about our 4 legged pup and us as well. The owners have become our friends and we even made a few fountain hills friends at spikes events. Definitely recommended!
5	Love love love Spike's! I've been picking up fresh-baked treats for my friends' dogs for three years, and then last year...I adopted my own little mutt and we've become regulars. My little girl has a tiny throat and often chokes on regular dog cookies, because I can't break them down small enough. Spike's has soft bites (in several different flavors), which can be easily pulled into very small pieces and MacNeill can eat them with no problem. On top of that, she LOVES them! She's learning tricks and she tends to throw every trick she does, into one mega-trick, when a soft bite is the lure. And finally, we just celebrated MacNeill's first adopt-iversary this past week and I wanted to do something special. Michelle and Jazmine were super sweet and super excited to create a couple of pupcakes to go with my dog's party dress! It's completely obvious they love their four-legged customers and go out of their way, to make sure everybody is happy and healthy!
5	love Spike's Treats, great friendly service and prices!
5	This place is awesome! I love the holistic treats and baked treats they offer for dogs! I can't rave enough about the holistic options because they don't contain those harmful fillers that most cheap brands have. The people who work here are always friendly and love to give attention to your dog! I brought mine in and played with a few different toys with her before purchasing one and they were totally cool with it. The vibe is so friendly and casual, I'll definitely be back.
5	Every time I have been to Spike's Treats I have never been disappointed. So many cute and nutritious option for my pups. My fur babies love Spike's Treats and I have also bought a couple of cute bows, flowers, and bandanas to dress my pups up in. If you want to spoil your dog you should definitely check this place out.I first heard about this place because they help support animal rescues in the area so that is another plus in my book. I only wished I lived closer but I try and stop by whenever I am in the area!
5	Michele, the owner is very friendly and very helpful with her product information  My dogs were frequently biting their skin and getting ear infections.  Needing log of medications including needing Prednisone.  My vet suggested I try another kind of dog food.  We went to Spike's and they had a grain free dog food (Blue's Wilderness).  We started feeding that to our dogs and no more itching.  Dogs happier and we are too!    They have some rice flour (instead of wheat) peanut butter treats.  So, my dogs don't have to miss out on their treats!
