5	Peaceful, bright and pretty space full of greenery in the middle of a contentious and crumbling cavernous strip of industrial de Gaspe. I didn't expect to notice the subtlety of the coffee - I guess I suspected I'd swilled way too much to have much sensitivity left - but the layers of flavors did stop me in my tracks. I sat down on the steps in the sun to savor it slowly, and was thankful for the moment of zen.
4	I had an urge to get a mild caffeine buzz and check my email after waking up late today, so I went to Cafe Falco, recommended by my roomie.Surrounded by warehouses and loft spaces in typical Mile-End fashion, this place is well lit and the decor achieves a high level of feng-shui. Most people were ordering lunch, which seemed to be a sort of japanese infused cafe fare, I may give it a go next time. This time I just got a cafe latte and sat down at a long table where I was joined by a couple of lunchies who I overheard say something about "c'est les petits delices dans la vie qui comptent" so they must have been liking it. The latte was good but didn't amaze me by its subtlety, and it was kind of expensive, but I had fun watching it being made in their crazy coffee contraptions.
5	Good coffee doesn't necessarily need good space... but in most cases they go hand in hand. Cafe Falco is just a delight to sit in. Spacious, and minimalist but still warm-- now that's a good combination.  When I visited it was quiet and calm which provided an ideal environment for me to do some work. However, I did visit an hour before closing time, so I have no doubt that was the reason. I ordered a large coffee ( I was given 2 choices, a small or large) and it was served in a Japanese ceramic cup which was a nice change. I ordered the coffee of the day and it was strong but not overwhelming.  Coffee is brewed with Siphon Coffee Makers or vac pots which I had never seen before and because it was my first time having coffee made that way I can't really say how it particularly changes the flavor of the coffee. Regardless, the coffee was great. Didn't get to try their food (which I hear is really delicious) but they had small snacks like cookies at the counter. Overall, a cafe that I hope will stay around for a very long time.
5	When I'm in Montreal, I go here when I can.  You know all those reviews below this one about the creative/gorgeous industrial design feng shui ambience, amazing food, and unparalleled coffee?  All true.  Very fine quality tea as well- I'm hooked on the genmaicha.  Add some of the friendliest service to this equation.  I find it easy to do some of my best thinking here, synchronistically meet up with a friend, or just be with myself in a beautiful spot.  This might sound crazy, but I actually envision myself here at times when I need to settle in for creative work- and it helps.
5	This place is top notch. Don't be put off by the location, the it's a great place to have a meeting with someone, or just get some work done.The space has an industrial feel that is not uncommon in Japan, but makes it different from other cafes (and refreshing) here in Montreal.It's one of the few (only?) places you can get cold-filter coffee (with the option of maple syrup as a sweetener) in town, which is nice on these hot summer days.I haven't tried the food here, but I've heard good things. The pastries I have had have all been great.They have free wifi, but it's not available during the lunch rush (12pm to 1 or 2pm - I can't recall exactly).
5	I used to love coming here when I had a studio space on De Gaspe! It's such a beautiful space. My favorite dish was the tofu bowl with carrots, lentils, and rice. Such a simple dish, but so well done. The onigiri is great there, too.
4	Love the atmosphere of this cafe. Bit pricey, but delicious coffee.
4	Great ambiance.  Very chill, very bright, and even more hipster than cagibi.
5	This place is just awesome, whether it be a scorching hot summers day or pouring with rain Falco has the best atmosphere to relax in.  Their Japanese rice bowls are very tasty and fresh. I can't recommend the ginger beef rice bowl enough, soooo yummy. If you plan on eating there I'd recommend going for brunch as they have a big lunch time rush and your favourite dish can often sell out. Seating is great in there but again at lunch time it gets pretty packed!They put a lot of time and care into their teas and siphon coffee and it shows.On top of that the staff are very friendly and always thank you for your business :)
5	This is one of those cafes you wish you had close to home and could always frequent.  I found their prices a little on the high side, but worth it.  We had the salad of the day, the salmon and pork onigiris and the beef don.  The beef don was unusual with ground beef vs slices of beef but it was good.  Overall the food had great presentation, felt fresh and tasted great.  The decor and ambiance was really cool and I felt set Cafe Falco apart.
5	This place is a feast for your eyes!Amazing interior (best in town) + great food + syphon coffee (you heard me right!)Best time of the day to take photos: 3-4pm.
4	Beautiful siphon coffee - just beautiful. A rare perfect cup in the city. The open, concrete, warehousey space is nicely designed with a clean, pared down black, white and grey colour scheme and some vintage industrial decor items like old cast iron sewing machines, loved leather chairs and drawing table swivel chairs at a large wooden table in the centre. Also, fab large scale art. I haven't yet tried the food, other than a brownie (which was good but it's hard to go wrong with brownies), but I know I'll be going back to try it out. Wide open kitchen, and everything looks fresh and clean. If you're looking to hang out sipping coffee with your laptop, don't go at lunchtime - there's no wifi during lunch and there are no outlets anywhere, so go fully charged when you do go. Bonus: lots of galleries on the street to also visit.
4	Falco is the welcome break you need in the middle of your day. Main courses are reasonably priced, tasty and healthy - home-made pastries are always good, and their coffee delivers.Don't go there for monster-sized servings. The Mile End is full of places that will satisfy your need for that. But if you're looking for a relaxing atmosphere in a neo-industrial setting, topped with a tasty Gyu Sobolo-Don  (hope I got it right), then look no further than Falco.
