3	This is the closest subway to my work. Its clean and convenient.  Eat Fresh!
1	Today, I had the distinct dis-pleasure of paying $9.55 for a 12" Tuna, on Wheat, with a drink. I like tuna. And I like drinks. But I don't like paying $10 for a fast food sandwich. I've sorta been looking for a better place to grab lunch while I am at flight school, and this may be just the real legitimate reason I have been looking for. Then.... In my irritation, I try to find a price list for the sandwiches, and the pages are removed from the site. I stumbled upon the nutritional info for the sandwiches, and discovered that while none of the sandwiches are particularly "healthy", the Tuna sandwich is right up there in the mix for the worst. How do you screw up a tuna fish sandwich and make it unhealthy? Tuna, mayo, cheese, and bread. That's it...  Drown it in mayo. That would be my answer.
5	I am giving a 5 star rating not because I think Subway is a 5 star restaurant, but because of the service. At most Subways around Phoenix, the service leaves much to be desired (and occassionally straight pisses you off). Every time I've been to this location, the employees have been incredibly friendly and make your sandwich with care. Whoever owns this franchise obviously pays attention during interviews.
1	This is BY FAR the worst Subway I have EVER been to! The service was horrid, we waited almost 10 minutes to be waited on and there was no one else in front of us. They got our order wrong, the employee was incredibly rude and for the price we paid it was not worth it. When we complained to upper Management we did not get a response for over 5 days and they did not even try to offer any type of solution. Needless to say, even though this Subway is the closest to my house I will NEVER go there again and will never recommend it either!
3	Was looking for a place to get breakfast, and remembered seeing a commercial about the Subway breakfast sandwiches on flatbread. I decided to give one a try. This Subway is small, but clean. Staff was friendly. They greeted me and answered any questions I had. Had my food and was on my way in a short time. Paid $3.25 for an egg white, ham, and cheese sandwich plus a drink. It was good. Something different.Will definitely stop again when in the area.
