2	Wife and I went for lunch.  Food was good, price was moderate.  I ordered a glass of milk, but was informed they were out of milk.  That seemed a bit weird.  We found the "ambiance" lacking a welcoming warmness.  Hope to try breakfast soon, if they're out of milk again, I'll leave.
3	I drove by Family Cafe the other day on my way to the storage unit and had to try it. I'm from Indiana, and this looks like the sort of place you see everywhere there. I guess people here would call it "comfort food," though in Indiana we just call it "regular food" or simply "food."I don't want to say I was disappointed. The food was decent. But it won't end up on a future episode of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Prices were good though, the service friendly, and it was quiet, despite the fact that it was lunch time. It is a very pleasant-looking place. I wish I could give it an additional half-star. I'm sure we'll be back, if nothing else when my mom and step-dad come out to visit.
4	Good sized cafe with super sized portions of well made comfort food.My wife and I tried their Friday night fish fry, all you can eat for nine bucks!3 large pieces of perfectly cooked light and crispy fried Pollack (a white flaky fish, usually used in fish sticks) with a mound of really good french fries and a dinner roll.  I ate an additional 2 pieces of fish and was so stuffed I could hardly walk.  At another visit, early one morning I had biscuits and gravy, five bucks, with a side of homefries, 3 bucks.  The biscuits were fluffy and white gravy speckled with pepper, an enjoyable meal.  My companion had eggs scrambled with home made corned beef hash, homefries and toast 8 1/2 bucks.  Coffee, tea or milk are just a couple of bucks, and I might add the milk I had was at least a pint!  Oh yes, I have eaten here 3 times in less than a week and a half and can still taste the deep fried pork chops (bone in) with white gravy covered mashed potatoes and sweet corn, 11 bucks.  Sign up for their newsletter and get all sort of discounts such as 8 bucks off the second dinner or 4 bucks off of the second fish fry. /familycafemesa.com/
3	when this place first opened, it was pretty awesome..$5 breakfast, no waiting, unpretentious ..now they got new carpet, breakfast prices are equivalent to Eggingtons and Cracker Co. ,  i noticed at my last visit my eggs looked pretty small, did the switch from large eggs to medium?They do have some of the tastiest french fries, and im not a big french fry guy. Also their home made potato chips are damn good..
3	The best thing about Family Cafe are the fabulous potatoes or home fries as they call them  The biscuits were unfortunately not home made, kinda hard which was upsetting. The gravy I suspect was also not homemade. Our server was a bit frazzled but the owner was quite nice and thanked us for our patience.
1	Why have coupons when you dont honor them anyway.. 1st of all there is nothing on the coupon that voids it on holidays, Secondly Fathers Day is much of holiday as Flag Day..I told the surely waiter that Fathers day is not a holiday, he was quick to say "well I'm a father". Good for you.Also you have to ask for the special menu, if you want their "recession" buster prices..Why have a special menu if customers are unaware it exists..To bad this place doesnt respect their customers. FYI dead cockroach in mens bathroom.
1	I dont like to give 1 stars, but it had to be done for this place. We saw a Groupon for this place and decided to try it out. First thoughts as I walked in -  It smells pretty bad. And it wasnt a food smell.The interior looked as bad as the exterior. It was awkwardly quiet, even with the amount of people that were there.  The hostess/server seemed lost where to seat us so they told us to just sit anywhere. We sat down and recieved water and coffee prompty from the hostess. Water tasted disgusting. The coffee was good until we found a big coffee grind surprise at the bottom of the cup. Yummy... We then waited a longgggg time for a server to place our orders. We were ready to put a couple bucks down for the coffee and walk out. But finally a server helped us just in time. When she did, I immediately noticed how grungy she looked, all of them. Their hair was oily, sweaty and looked like they rolled out of bed 10 min prior to their work shift. Kinda gross. Please dont drip your sweat on the food... At this point I already had wished we walked out. Anyway, we ordered the South of the Border Omelette and a stack of pancakes. Pancakes were good, no complaints there. The supposed omelette we recieved looked like wet dog food spread out on the plate with a pile of undercooked mushy potatoes. Nothing about the meal resembled an omelette and home fries. We asked a nearby server what this was and they said it looked like a Chorizo Scramble. Hmm. Well thats not what we ordered. But we decided not to return the order (dont like to be that customer) and just gave (whatever it was on that plate) a try. Unfortunately it was too disgusting to even choke down. We had to say something to the server. They immediately offered to comp it for us, which was nice at least. Unfortunately I will not be coming back here. Bad atmosphere, service, and food.
1	Sunday morning rolls around.  We decided on finally using that Groupon for Family Cafe.  This dining experience is a perfect example of not being a cheap-ass and spending the couple extra dollars for actual edible food.In hindsight, we should have just walked out of there the second we first arrived.  This place is a hole in the wall in Mesa behind a Taco Bell.  Don't judge  a book by its cover is an important saying to always remember.  In this case the book's cover matched in pages inside.We entered the... I guess restaurant, and had to walk halfway into the dining area to be welcomed.  The hostess, who I assume was a family member of the owner looked frazzled and confused on what to do.  She ended up telling us to seat ourselves.  I assumed that this was a family member of the owners or someone that worked there because she couldn't have been older then 13 or 14 years old, if not younger.  Very unprofessional, but that's just me.  I don't know about the other diners who go to this establishment, but the air was musty and smelled of bathroom cleaner when we first entered the restaurant.  This foul odor lingered through our meal and time there.After seated at the table, we waited for at least 7 to 10 minutes before we were acknowledged by our server.  My coffee and water made it to the table promptly, hey nice job!GF:  "Does your water taste funny?"Oh it sure did.  I look around and I noticed everyone else had straws...  Why am I already pissed and I haven't even placed my order yet!The menu looked somewhat promising.  A nice selection of comfort food and things that appealed to me.  Phew, this Yelp review may be saved after all!I asked the server about the "Southwest Omelet" and ended up settling on that.  Food ordered... Delivered............ok something isn't right.Omelet right?  Like egg surrounding omelet stuff?That's not whats on my plate though.  After 10 minutes or so of not seeing my server, I waived down another server and asked them what food was on my plate.  What was the name of the dish?  His answer, Chorizo Scramble.  Yeah, that's not what I ordered.   He did offer to take it back but, hey it was a third choice for me.  The texture was that of blended scrambled eggs mixed with ground beef.  The color of the dish was a lovely brownish green.  The home fries, or as I will call them, undercooked potato slices, were cold and tasteless.  I deemed my dish inedible and ate my toast.Thank you for striking this monstrosity from my tab and no I didn't mind paying for the tax... hahahaha.  The server made a comment about how she was sorry that I didn't like my meal and that I will probably go to Taco Bell next door.  I wonder if that happens a lot.I do feel pretty bad to leave such a negative review, but I didn't find much positive to review about.  Not worth the drive and expenditure on gas.
5	I have been here twice now!!  Great little family restaurant.  Really reminds me of back home Midwest meals!!  SO far I've only had breakfast.1. Ultimate omelet!!  Huge portion covered in country gravy!!!2.  Eye Opener scramble!!  Awesome with their homemade salsa!!3.  Also tried a friends blueberry pancakes!!   Nothing better than real blueberries!!Place recently has new owners and said they're in the process of revamping the menu and the interior.  Nice people!
2	Hmmmm... As much as I want local businesses to succeed, they have to provide a needed and worthwhile service. This is straight out of the 1970's Midwest - which may explain the flocks of blue-hairs. The building doesn't flow very well and everything seems kind of cheap - including the faux leather brown plastic table coverings covered by glass???? Ummm go with glass or plastic - not both! In fact, I'll bet that if they invest $2000 in updating the look of the place they would double their revenue overnight (paint, checked table cloths, and dimmer lighting).
3	Great value for the price and with groupon offerings it makes for a very inexpensive meal. They give very large portions for the price.
3	This place is a solid 2.5.  Megan and I went there for dinner last Saturday and she had  the bacon cheeseburger and I had the turkey.  Megan's cheeseburger was ok, and the french fries were very good.  My turkey, on the other hand, was edible, but that's it.  Mashed potatoes were ok. The gross part was the stuffing.  I'm not sure what it was made out of, but whatever it was, it was gross.  It tasted "off"  and it had certainly been sitting around for a really really long time.  Service was great though.  This place is new, and I'm sure there breakfast is good.  I would never go back for dinner though.  Good luck, family cafe.
4	I had a quick lunch here today and I am a FAN.The meatloaf sandwich was great. The portion was generous and the flavor like 'home-cooking.' The server was friendly and attentive.The location and the facility weren't fantastic, but I'm glad I gave it a chance. Next time: breakfast!
3	I heard this place had great breakfast and comfort food but lacked service.  My family and I went Saturday for breakfast at about 11 am.  They only had one waitress who was also the hostess and cashier and a teenage looking bus girl.  She had about 6 tables and it didn't take to long for her to take our orders but it wasn't quick either.  I had eggs, bacon and pancakes which were all good and fresh tasting.  Nice fluffy pancakes.  My boys added fresh strawberries and whipped cream which looked and tasted delicious.  My boyfriend liked his chicken fried steak and he's super picky. I wouldn't call this place a hole in the wall because the inside was nice and well decorated for the location.  I love finding little gems like this but I hope the owners hire more professional staff.  The waitress did a good job but while she was in the back getting what she needed for her tables, at least two tables sat themselves and then left.  If the place were to get slammed it would be a disaster.  I used to work at very busy establishments and one thing I can tell the owners is that skimping on help will only lose potential customers and repeat business.  There should always be an identifiable employee in front.  Never leave the dinning area unattended.  That being said, since I love breakfast and it's good here, we will be back.
2	This place is permanently closed, but there are still Groupon Now offers. I purchased the Groupon Now, and headed over, looped the strip mall three times looking for this restaurant only to find that it has been closed.
