4	We came to the city from NYC for a short vacation and stayed for 3 nights. The hotel was fine for us, because it's located near the metro. When booking, i didn't do an exhaustive search, but it was the cheapest on the website i booked.Facilities:Hotel has a rooftop pool, gym and terrace that is quite nice. The continental breakfast is included, and is pretty good. The parking is across the street, and is not included  ($20 a day). The place is also quite close to the McGill and Place Des-Arts metro stops. The only thing is that the elevators are kind of slow.Room:The rooms are nice.  Full kitchen (microwave, fridge, stove, etc.). Our room has a balcony with a nice view of the area around. Water has good pressure as well.  The TV has a lot of channels, and about half are in english.The housekeeping isn't very predictable.  The first morning, they knocked on our door at 8:15 am and we told them to come back later. The next day, we came back at 3:30 and they were still working on the room.
4	we planned on going to montreal over memorial day weekend as our babymoon getaway.  after researching on hotels.com, this was the most economical for us.  the place was not hard to find and we wound up parking our car at the lot across the street.  both parking garages were enclosed and somewhat secured.  we really didn't need our car to get around due to the hotel's location.  it's close to a few metro stops and pretty much right in the downtown area.the room was a decent size, including the fridge, stove, and sink.  i was pleasantly surprised to see that!  it was certainly helpful for heating up leftovers.  the bathroom was a bit small as the door barely grazed the sink when you open and close it.  nevertheless, it wasn't bad.  our room was right in the front so we had a small balcony that looked out onto rue sherbrooke.the continental breakfast was good and food was always refilled.  it got a bit crowded so we just wound up taking our food back to our room to eat.  all in all, this was a great find for the price and location.  the employees were very nice and helpful!
3	At L'appartement, you're basically paying for the location, not the comfort. It's in a great spot. Easy to walk to the St Catherine with shopping, Place de Arts for culture, and St. Denis for nightlife. We found Montreal to be extremely walkable and the metro up to the Botanic Gardens was very easy to navigate, even without speaking French. If you're comfortable walking and using public transportation, better to spend your money on a hotel in a cheaper area and get more comfort. Our room was fine sized, but they put us on the second floor, and our balcony faced an alleyway with Mont Royal in the background. The bed was really firm (I like a softer mattress) and not very comfortable. The parking in the basement was really tight and hard to fit even my tiny honda civic into the space! Some good things: The rooftop indoor pool, gym, and outdoor patio are really nice. We spent most of our time out and about, but going up to the roof for some pics on our last morning was great. Also, there's free wifi, and you get a mini-kitchen with stove, fridge, toaster, coffee pot, and china. So if you're planning an extended stay that would be nice. We were just here for two nights, and the only thing I made in the kitchen was coffee. All in all, if you're here for leisure travel or a weekend, I say better to look at hotels in the Quartier Latin. You'll be closer to the nightlife, and you'll be paying for comfort rather than a central downtown location and the in-room kitchen.
4	This was perfect for my needs. Loved the location, which just couldn't have been better, the room was quite comfortable, there's a small kitchenette which would have been nice if I'd been staying more than one night. Very friendly staff who were most helpful. And the continental breakfast buffet which is included with the room was really one of the best I've ever seen.  All in all, I can recommend this highly!
4	Second time staying here through my company when I work in Montreal. Good area, a bit of a walk to shopping and restaurants but nothing that you can't do. They have free breakfast in the mornings which is awesome! Also your room has a kitchen which is definitely a plus. Rooms are solid, nice, but older. 4 stars solid.
3	These beds are like bricks and probably not the cleanest place around. But I'm sure it's good for the price. Good location if your visiting here and not for work. When people slam their doors it's loud, elevators are a slowwww...
4	Excellent location, just around the corner from the Metro. Better to get a higher room and away from the street noise. Breakfast bar was great, staff was friendly. Highly recommended
4	We stayed for 7 nights:Pros:Great location: walking-distance to everything - transit, restaurants, shopping, etc.  Kitchen (including stove): you can take a 5-10 minute walk to the grocery store, Provigo, & purchase food for your stay.  Rooms are clean & comfortable.  Complimentary continental breakfast served - basics like coffee, juices, cereal, various pastries, and some fruit - suffice for most, but if you're looking for something a little more filling (eggs, waffles, crepes), there are lots of nearby restaurants / cafes.The hotel offers 24-hour laundry and a pool - neither of which we used, but are definitely worth noting if you plan on staying in Montreal for a few days.  Free wifi is a plus but it limits you to 3 devices so keep that in mind if you've more than 3 devices that require wifi.We booked tours with Grayline and they picked us up right at the hotel door.Cons: It can get a little noisy in the morning when housekeeping starts making the rounds, and being downtown the emergency-vehicle sirens can be annoying.*I would definitely stay at their hotel in the future.*
1	I am a frequent traveler, and never have I had such bad customer service in my life. The day before my reservation, I call the hotel to confirm, and the lady greets me by saying, "I was just about to call you. Do you really need all of these suites?" Then upon my arrival, the hotel had graffiti all over the side of the walls. I go inside to check in, and the same lady that I spoke to the day before was very rude and unpleasant. The very first thing I asked her was if payment for the rooms were due at check in or at check out. She proceeded to tell me that all payment would be due at check out. This was very important to me since I had three separate parties paying three separate ways. She asked me for my card for incidentals, and as soon as I noticed, she charged me for two out of the three rooms and placed a $300 hold on the third room. When I asked her about the charges, she could not give me a coherent explanation, and began to raise her voice and be nasty in the middle of the lobby in front of all the guest waiting to be serviced. Then later on, when I went to the front desk to file a complaint, another staff member refused to let me speak to a manager and simply "yesed" me to death. When we got to the rooms, there were questionable hairs on the mattresses, broken door locks, and faulty wiring. One of the rooms kept short circuiting when you turned on the air conditioning causing all the power to go off and on.  I would never stay at this hotel again!!
