4	My car's maintenance minder light for A1 service (oil change) went on so I brought the car to this Sears Auto Center at the Metrocenter area. Perhaps because of the location and the time (a very chilly January Monday afternoon) there were few customers, which was fortunate for me. The lobby and shop was clean and the personnel, though not too warm, were professional in demeanor. The entire service took about an hour, a bit longer than I expected, but I was able to watch through the observation window that looks into the service bays and was glad to see that in addition to the oil change routine, they were giving my car a standard multi-point inspection. And the folks here did not give me a laundry list of expensive "just-discovered urgently needed repairs" that I kept getting from my car's dealership auto service where I used to bring my car for oil changes and scheduled maintenance. Good service, good price, good auto center.
1	Worse customer service at auto center. Don't online order. They don't have a clue what they're doing here. Will take long.
1	I called to see how much a synthetic oil change would be, the guy said $54. I walk in literally 10 minutes later and ask for the same thing and the girl says $59. I told her the guy I talked to said $54 and that I also had a $10 off coupon from the last oil change I got at another sears location. She said they had a deal and it would be better to go with their promotion. 1 hour later they call me and say I need a new air filter , tire rotation, and coolant flush and they were having a friends and family discount so it would only be $80 for all that. I passed on that offer. I go back to pay and end up paying $54 the original quote I got on the phone. My $10 off coupon went to waste and they only offered me the F & F discount if I got all that other unnecessary stuff done yet the lady before me got the F & F discount on her oil change! I'm never coming back here or recommending this place to anyone and I hope them ripping me off was worth my loyal synthetic oil changes.
1	Miserable rat fucks that made me wait 4 hours to put on new tires. Little rotten witch at the counter and a manager devoid of balls. I came here instead of discount to save a few bucks. Never again.
