4	I love Port of Subs!  Whenever I'm in Nevada I have to swing by for a sandwich.  This is a good clean operation and they make a good #1 sandwich which is the italian sub with all the right meats and toppings.  Good friendly staff and pretty easy to find.
4	Good sandwiches.  Can't really explain it, but it's not the same as any other sandwich joint (like Subway or Blimplies).  My recommendation is that someone make a good business move and open one of these places out here.  MMMM....
4	Better then quiznos and subway and give larger portions.
1	I was delivered a sandwich yesterday by one sick lady.  When I told her it was not okay for a delivery driver to deliver sick, she simply stated that everyone gets colds and that someone had to do it - oh, and that she didn't MAKE the food.  When I called to complain to the manger, I was told that that is who delivered my sandwich!  I called the owner of the company, Terry Green, and he stated that they had no other option, as everyone was sick and they were short staffed.  Wonder why.  I would guess another employee came to work sick, and made the rest of the staff sick!  I told him that his other option was to not have deliveries for the day!  I would suppose that to some people, their company making money, not paying employees for sick time, is just okay.  The public should beware of someone so careless with our health to make a few dollars!
5	Really good sandwiches!! We put in a catering order for our office, and it was really top notch!! Professional, on time, but seriously... good sandwiches!! This was one of the best sandwiches I have had. Veggie was packed with everything.. Yum, and gotta try their salads! They made us a buffalo chicken salad with the works that was really really great! I don't even think it is a regular menu item, ask for it though, you won't be disappointed!
4	The sandwich was excellent. The bread was soft...just the way I like it!!! Yummy!!!!!
5	Seriously amazing people run this! This has to be the best Port of Subs in Las Vegas! Baby soft bread. The freshest ingredients!  This is the best sandwich I ever tasted at a Port of Subs. I got the number 18. Roast beef and turkey. Sooooo freaking good. I'll be back even if it's crazy out of the way :)
