5	Thankfully Sprint uses Franchises as well as their own corporate stores.  I STRONGLY suggest that *ANYONE* goes to a Franchise rather than the Corporate store!I had an extremely unfortunate experience with the corporate store, but luckily found the owner of this Franchise who was very happy to help out.  The customer service he gave my wife and I made me come back to Sprint.  I was on my way over to another mobile provider and was going to also cancel my wife's service, but the owner of the store was VERY helpful and wanted to retain my wife's service and gain mine again.I haven't had *ANY* problems with my service or phone since I started dealing with them.  I will never go to another Sprint store ... this is the one!
5	Had issues with my roller ball on my blackberry.  I took it in to this Sprint and they were able to fix it in just a few minutes!  This is one of the only repair places for Sprint that ACTUALLY repairs the phones...not just box and ship them somewhere else.We plan on moving out of Chandler, but I *WILL* make the trip for any of my cell phone needs to this Sprint!
5	I came in today to get my husband a new phone, since he's still rockin' the Razor circa 1999 (and pay as you go no less!!).  I did my research and found out he was interested in the Samsung Moment with Google and we could add a data plan on to mine.  Sweeeeeet.Maybe 30 minutes later I was all set, and the two men working were super friendly and helpful.  You could tell that they do whatever they can to make the customer happy.  Definitely check them out if you're in need of Sprint help!
5	I have been to this store several times over the last few years, Sami and his guys are the best!  I expected all Sprint Stores to give the same sort of customer service that the guys at Queen Creek & Alma give.  Boy, was I mistaken.  The corporate store at Chandler blvd. & price freeway is the extreme oposite of how good the service is at Queen Creek & Alma School.    I was "educated" on the difference between the 2 stores by 3 employees at the corporate store.  They "corporate store" should be embarassed at the lack of customer service.   I think that the lackluster employees at the corp store, need to be "educated" by Sami and his staff of how to help a customer!
4	This is what a corporate Sprint store should be like. Never assume the worse of your customers, and try not to short change them when something's wrong with their phone and expect them to pay the replacement fee. Here the reps at the Sprint franchise location, the staff realize that alot of phones are not constructed that great and can act up at times. They WORK with the customer and provide options. And, when they can't come up with a solution and need to replace the phone, they blame it on the manufacturer, and waive the $100 replacement. This alone is reason why I'll come back because they provide true customer service and made sure I got 100% satisfaction with my experience there.After learning as a franchise store that they're able to offer discounts on accessories since they have no corporate ties and cannot handle billing, this makes even more willing to come back. Plus, it's closer to where I live! now about those store hours, yea, they close early at like 6:30p. oh fudge!
5	By mistake I thought I could get the same service and quality of work from another Sprint store (in the mall) and surprise, surprise I did not and back to see Danny and Sami went....they are fabulous!
5	These guys take care of you. They gave me great service! You need to go see Hanni. He's the man!!!
1	I do not recommend Sprint. We have 3 devices on sprint. They lied to us from the get go. Told us the phone was 100 total. Turns out that was a down payment only. Told us there was no contract, just month to month. Another lie.Then they said they gave us a tablet free - no that is $15 a month. And the tablet is set to limit data at 1 GB so there is no extra charge, but that function does not work and we got charged $169.25 overage fee. I think a class action suit is in order for everyone who got ripped off with this tablet. Anyone else out there have this experience? Sprint refused to remove the charge so we are dumping them and going elsewhere.Also they promised 4 G in a month. It is still 3G many months later. Sprint drops calls all the time and has bad reception.
