5	These guys are awesome! They came and cleaned my Couches and did a fantastic Job. I also have 2,000 sq ft of title in my house and they did the whole thing and it did not take that long. I would recommend them to anyone, even my mother (She used them as well)!
5	These guys were true professionals! Came on time, took their time, protected corners of walls. Very friendly and cared about what they were doing... Thanks guys!!!AK in AZ
1	Horrible! I purchased a Living Social offer and scheduled an appointment. They outsourced my cleaning and the guy that came in was a complete scam artist.  Upon arrival the tech proceeded to tell me that I had a special colored tile and it would require a "deep clean". He offered me a great "deal", throwing out numbers and then landing on $190, since he was generously applying my $50 voucher from Living Social against the total cost. He never asked me if I agreed to the additional charge, just began the job. The charge appeared on my credit card for $199.99. I called to complain about the entire experience and ask for a refund and the company told me I should have told him no and sent him away, or if I was uncomfortable I should have called the company and told them at the time. I will be disputing the charge with my credit card company.
1	Perfection Plus?  Perfection Plus "what"?  Perfection Plus No Call No Show?  Twice?However you add that up, it still equals a failure to the customer.I was going to buy a deal from them on LivingSocial, but wanted to verify that they did in fact do condos (I had seen a previous company's ad that stated that apartments and condos were excluded from the deal). I tried calling them several times through the phone number listed on the deal and I received a greeting which stated:"You have reached... ... ...please leave your message after the tone."First red flag.After leaving a message on the third try, it was finally returned later that day. Which I get. Hey, these guys were busy, probably on-site doing what they do. I was assured that they do in fact do condos and the person that I talked to (I believe was Alex?) said that I could just take care of the purchase directly with them for the same price (which saves them from any fees that the social vendor charges). No problem. Supporting local businesses, right?I scheduled for Saturday, between 10 and 12. 1230 rolls around. No call, no show. I finally reach them and I'm told, "Sorry, the technician Was actually there, but he noticed that you are on the second floor and he didn't have the right hoses for the job". Alright, but shouldn't that have warranted a call to the customer, advising of the issue and at very least, acknowledging that he was there? It seems that instead, the technician was told to move on to the next job. Umm...hello??? What about the job that he was supposed to do? Maybe, oh, I dunno, try to call and reschedule with the previous customer for when you have the right tools to do the job? What's that called?...oh yeah, courtesy.Anyway. I rescheduled for Tuesday, between 10 and 12. Here we are, Tuesday, after 1230.  No call, no show.  I tried to call them again, but after receiving the completely unpersonalized/unprofessional "business" message greeting, I just have better things to do. Like, write a review about my experience, since I took time out of my day to be home for these guys. Twice.I will point out that someone called me back about 20 minutes later, "just returning the call from this number". When I explained that I wanted to cancel my service, due to "no call, no show...Again", the person sounded surprised about my scheduled service. He seemed nice and all, but I've moved on and advised that I am canceling the service request. In hindsight, I really should have read more reviews about this company (and it's quite likely that the positive reviews here may be from friends/family/etc). Sure, there may be a few kudos in here, but in comparison to the issues filed with the BBB, I'm skeptical, to say the least. You can see for yourself right here (if Yelp allows the links, if not, just search through the BBB):http://www.bbb.org/central-northern-western-arizona/Business-Reviews/carpet-and-rug-cleaners/perfection-plus-carpet-cleaning-in-scottsdale-az-97015930Should probably note that there is a sister business; AZ Clean Tech, also owned by the Davani's which has even deeper concerning reviews/complaints:http://www.bbb.org/central-northern-western-arizona/Business-Reviews/carpet-and-rug-cleaners/az-clean-tech-in-phoenix-az-1000023400So, take your chances, if you like, or heed an honest review and use caution.  Sorry, Alex & Ebrahim.  I'm sure this review won't make you happy, but sites like this were meant for honesty.  I had better hopes for your services, the customer support just wasn't there.
