4	It was a.... Bed, Bath and Beyond.  Yeah, they don't differ that much place to place.  The staff here was very helpful, though for my taste they were perhaps a little over-zealous, can't be blamed for that.The store isn't too huge, though still rather huge, so they don't carry everything the others do.  The only reason I'm reviewing a BBnB and giving them 4 stars is that I was looking for a bread maker and they found one which had a price discrepancy that made it like $70 cheaper than it sells for else where.  They fought pretty hard to try to get me one at that price, to no avail but they tried while I kicked back in the homedics back molester...  Not a bad day.
4	We arrived at the store several months ago to create a wedding registry, which was an okay experience.  A "registry expert" sat us down and went over the basics, and then wanted to walk us through everything we may need on our list.  We weren't interested because we're already home owners and just needed some entertaining extras and a few other items.  Luckily, after awhile she got the hint and left us alone.  Anywho.  Gifts began to arrive and were shipped directly to us, big plus.  Then came the true test.....returns.  Easy as pie!  No problems!  I even wanted to exchange some items for a Kitchen Aide mixer (which every domestic woman needs!), and forgot my 20% off coupon.  Oops.  Luckily, the cashier found one and let me use it - which saved me $80 bucks.  Everyone I encountered was helpful, the only downside is that it's a little unorganized and seems crowded with merchandise.  Anytime I am in need of a kitchen items, I'll grab my 20% off coupon and return!
4	I was looking for a comforter for my new bed when I realized that this B,B, and B was close by so I stopped in to look around.  This is a nice store, It was organized well and the sales people were nice, not pushy.  I did not find a comforter but I did find several other things.  They have a nice selection of quality products and those 20% off coupons I get in the mail aren't bad either.  Prices can be a little high on some things but with that coupon they are about right.  I spent about an hour browsing through the store. They have a great knife section, coffee pots, food processor and all manor of kitchen gadgets too.  Just the kinds of things I love to look at.  I'm sure I will be back since it's in my "hood".  Thanks B,B, and B!
4	It's worthwhile if you're buying a pricey home item to check if BBB sells the same item online.  Online they don't take the 20% coupon, but you can go to the store to help you place the online order and receive the 20% off (expired coupon is ok too!).I purchased the Wine Enthusiast branded fridge "online" at the store ( same retail price found anywhere else) with the 20% off plus free shipping promo going on currently... noone can touch the price.
5	Yeah, its BBB....what else to say?
5	My fiance and I registered here for our wedding and have had nothing but a great experience! The "registry expert", Rachel, was absolutely amazing and extremely helpful. We had a problem with the wrong item being shipped to us a couple of times, but she fixed it and I didn't even have to think about it. I love the store and the great range of products that they offer and I just can't get over how easy it has been to manage our registry and how exciting it is to answer that door when the big brown truck comes!!! I am also registered online at Macy's and Target, but they aren't nearly as easy to organize. I wish we could register at BBB every day!!! :)
2	I've been here several times, last week was the straw though. I bought several items - one being an espresso machine for the boy. I inspected three boxes of the espresso machine which all had been dropped or opened. I asked an associate to see if they were getting any more in, he just said no without looking it up.  I opened the one with the ripped tab which might have been from someone picking the box up, the machine was still wrapped up, styrofoam in place and all so I decided to buy it and return it if there was a problem. I stood in line for over 30 minutes (which I don't mind- I understand my sorry butt didn't think about getting it sooner) however 3 days prior to xmas they only had 2 people running check out and returns. I was about the 10th in line too. *handFace*Anyhoo, the clerk was very courteous and didn't have any issues with my 20% off coupons so once I was at the stand it was a breeze. Fast forward to Xmas morning... boy is super happy with the awesome espresso maker and beans from Coffee Rush I purchased.  He opens it up to find that it had clearly been a returned item.... as almost all of the frother, cups, cleaning pieces were missing... empty cardboard box was what we found inside. AND it had been dropped - bottom of the water container was shattered. I just about cursed because as a store - getting a returned item from a customer... and a $300 item as well.. Don't you think to check it first before putting it back on the shelf?? Fast forward 2 days post-xmas... go into the BBB store with the espresso machine which is heavy, I waited in line but what I observed was pretty stupid. The one associate who was doing returns was definitely over-run with a line of 5+ people, the manager next to her was just looking around... completely void of the line of customers or that the associate had asked him for help. Once he did get the hint a few minutes later after walking across the returns area several times, he tried to help a customer but they turned around and asked the other associate what to do.  Not very impressed by the managers lack of knowledge and inability to help customers. You are a manager- know how to complete a return. Oh yea and the process to get a new espresso machine... since there weren't any in stock, I waited to return the purchase one, returned it, was then sent back to the kitchen area where another associate ordered another one, who then sent me back to the front to wait in line again to get my refund amount (since we chose a different model with a refund of $10). They couldn't have done that at one station with one associate so I didn't have to wait in line twice for the same transaction and use up 3 different associates time??  Ugh... if not for those 20% of coupons I would buy everything online.
3	This is sort of an up-scale Walmart, frankly.  A lot of their stuff is 'made in China', and the quality shows it.  But some stuff is pretty good in terms of quality.  What I like here is the items they have.  Some fairly unique kitchen and household items.On this trip we bought some glass tea kettles (you'd think that would be no big deal, but most places only have metal ones).  Plus a few other items you likely won't find elsewhere.For a general housewares store, I'd come here before going to Walmart.  They're more likely to have what you need, and there's a chance the quality won't be crap (unlike Walmart).Staff is generally helpful.  On this visit one young man was going out of his way to help people, which is refreshing to see.  For the people and the variety of items, I bump this place from two to three stars.
3	Talk about a lot of random shit. This place has every As Seen on TV invention ever.  Without a 20% coupon I doubt I would have came here. This place is pricier than most. Go shop online and buy this stuff unless you have a coupon.
3	I kind of agree with Yanira. actually. Target has really upped their game lately and so usually if I need new sheets, towels, or basic kitchen items you can usually find higher quality at a lower price next door. However, for kitchen electronics BBB usually comes in a little lower in price (and has the higher end stuff like Vitamix) when you use the 20% off coupon. Also, I think its a great place to shop for Christmas gifts or stocking stuffers for the foodie in your life because they have so many little clever things that you didn't even know existed.
5	My husband and I went into the store to search for a cookware set for our new place. We wanted to make sure we bought a quality set for a good price. The sales associate Cody was so helpful! He took the time to explain, in detail, the different levels of their Calphalon sets, going over all the details and benefits. He was very knowledgable and did a great job of explaining and answering all of our questions! We will definitely be purchasing our Calphalon set from this store!
3	Kitchen gadgetry....if you nerd out that wayReasonably priced enough, big boxy type of store. I always find an interesting thing or two here. Nothing unique, unusual, or terribly interesting here. IDK why but it seems like everything here is made outta plastic chrome and stainless steel.
4	Don't throw away those coupons!  They never expire in spite of the date it says they do.  This is now my closest location and I have found they carry a lot of things that cheaper stores don't, gadgets, better appliances and cookware.  I have found the sales assistants to be very available and helpful.  I get asked if I need help and  finding what I'm looking for at least three times per visit.  They offer to look things up online if it isn't in the store and help you order it if needed.  They keep a lot of little stuff near the front but if you dawdle looking at it they invariably ask you if you are ready to check out even though you are obviously still looking.  Happens every time.If you are looking for a higher priced item you can really save using the 20% off coupon.  They are available by text also if you don't get them in the mail.  And you can use the coupon even on a sale item which saves you even ore.
