1	I wish I hadn't signed a lease here.Let's talk about the idiotic staff that tries to "run" this place.  The manager is an idiot.  There was one incident where a swarm of bees decided to build a hive right in front of the doors of the people who lived below me, and when I called the manager about it, all she could say was, "Yeah we called someone and they'll be coming sometime tomorrow.  And be careful because someone has already been stung."  Now the whole bee thing started aound noon.  This dumb lady expected us to deal with it until "sometime"  tomorrow?!  I'm highly allergic to bees!  Last time I had a problem with bees at my parents house, the bee exterminators were there in less than 15 minutes!Another incident that proves how retarded they are involves my old car.  I used to drive a '89 Nissan truck, and during that time there had been an uprise in the amount of catylitic converters that were being stolen from old cars like mine.  And just my luck, had gotten mine stolen.  So I decide to check with the manager and see if they caught anything on tape because there were security cameras in that portion of the parking lot.  When we checked the footage, the camera wasn't even directed at the lot!  We saw a whole lot of nothing!Another big problem I have is with the front gate.  It is constantly broken.  And because of that, we've had multiple people have their cars broken into.ANOTHER problem is their annoying cleaning crew that decides to constantly blow their stupid leaf blowers.  I wouldn't mind it so much if they would just do their job and get it over with, but no, they goof around, start singing and messing around with each other.  And this is at 8 in the morning.  I work late, so I definitely need my sleep around that time.My last problem is how thin the walls are.  You can hear EVERYTHING.  AND! the people that live in this complex for some very ODD reason, LOVE to party at odd hours of the night, on the most random of days, practically EVERYDAY.The only upside I have to this crap hole, is that the maintainence crew is pretty nice and on top of their game.All in all, don't waste your money.
1	So to update on this review, just to make sure that if anyone takes the time to consider this apartment complex, here is another reason why you shouldn't lease here.Your car, is definitely not safe.  If you like getting things stolen off of it, or from it, then yeah, by all means live here.  There has already been 4 incidents involving theft.  Ugh how I hate this place.Really know, please please! do not get an apartment here!There are nicer apartments!!!
1	Their website is not up to date, searched for an apartment I liked. Not only did they say there were no units available to view, but that the unit that currently shows as available has never been offered at the posted price. It has not been available since May. Either the agent did not like the looks of me or their system is so out of touch, it's pointless.
1	The Management here is seriously disfunctional. Ive lived here two months. Ive had to fight to get basic repairs done. Then when rain collapsed my ceiling and my property was damaged the property managment and customer service at the managment company refused me their insurance information even though they were at fault for my damages. Now the crazy neighbor down stairs from me is attempting to tell me I cant walk my peacefully puppy in his presence. He even called the police with no outcome. The next day he began walking around the parking lot wrecklessly handleing an unholstered od green springfield xd9mm. the office took no action over this incident to my knowledge. To add up all ive been through ammounts to neglegance on the part of the staff at the wickertree. I feel in danger living here and i feel for the 700$ a month im paying i am not recieveing the service i deserve.
5	Just moved in. Again.Lived here from 2008 to 2009. Didn't have a lot of issues that I can recall... So hubs and I moved in again.The move in was smooth, the office staff seemed eager to help. Offering extra ceiling fans installed etc. when I wasn't find of the second floor.  They were more than accommodating and helpful. They even rushed the apartment so we could move in 6 days early.In the past there were issues with the water, since this complex utilizes a mutual boiler rather than individual water heaters. I love that the water, sewage and trash are a flat rate, instead of monitored and/split among each apartment. The rent is affordable, the location is prime. Lots of MMI students, all very friendly. My husband rides a bike, and since we get one assigned a spot - shares his spot with another biker.  The complex is a bit run down, but you can tell there is still some pride in the shared spaces. The other two reviews here are very negative, so I went ahead and bumped my four star review to five stars.In short, it's an industrial neighborhood so it's a bit rougher than some.. But the price is right and the floor plans at spacious and pretty. I will update this in a few months after living here a whole longer.
1	.... Cheap prices and no breed restrictions for dogs was what got me living here. But as soon as I found another home i paid the Place at Wickertree in full just to move out early. First of all DISGUSTING. You could tell it was very old, but not only was it rundown looking but there were literal grease splatters all over the kitchen from the previous tenant (even after it was "cleaned"). Same with the toilet region in both bathrooms! ******ROACHES!!!!!!!!!! I cannot count how many times I woke up in the morning, turned on my kitchen light and saw maybe 100 roaches scatter all across my floor. That was when i officially decided I hate the Place at Wickertree.Hazards that aren't up to code, for example chains hanging from the ceiling fans connected to the outlet....FIRE HAZARD. NO HOT WATER! Probably 20 times in less than 1 year living in this complex we had no hot water and would receive notices on our door apologizing saying they will get it fixed soon, but it was never fixed before I had to be back at work.My washer machine broke, 3 times. for the most part they just shook it around a little to quiet it down for a couple days. not fixed, not replaced, just loudly rigged together...Some of the office staff is nice (I will give them credit for that) but there is very high staff turnover and I believe the manager is who was consistently rude is probably the reason for that. These are just a few of the major problems I had while staying there, I could keep going on but I think you got the point. Sorry I just had to rant after receiving over a $600 bill from them after moving out 3 months ago... Pretty much $300 dollars for a new shower and $300 for telling them in person that I was moving out 3 days before putting it in writing. I'm a very positive person but this place is BAD BAD BAD and FILTHY!Stay AWAY please!
1	As most of you can see, my first review was glowing. This review is specifically in regards to the maintenance staff. Specifically a gentleman named "Jaime". One week ago my husband and I came home to an AC unit blowing warm air. We called the emergency line, since "no air conditioner" is considered an emergency. The gentleman called back 30 minutes. He stated because it was dark there was nothing he could do until morning. So we shut off the system. toughed it out until morning. The next morning he came in and explained to us it didn't work because it was off. We tried to explain we intentionally turned it off. But when he turned it on the air was reasonably cool so we accepted that answer and chalked it up to our error. Last night when I got home from work it was 83 in the apartment again. We waited until morning to call because of our experience with being told there was nothing they could do at night. Jaime came this morning, said something about a blown fuse and that it was fixed. When I got home from work again this evening, it was again 82 in the apartment and blowing warm air. I called emergency maintenance again. This time before dark. 30 minutes later (after dark) Jaime called again telling me he already came and it worked this morning. I explained I appreciated that but it was very hot again and made a point of calling before dark. I asked him at what point do we need to involve a professional? Someone who specializes in air conditioners and he lost his patience with me. Accusing me of calling him unprofessional. I stated I only meant it was obviously more complex than he initially realized. He at that point reminded me he already fixed it and I must be doing something. At that point I asked to speak with his supervisor since we were obviously not communicating correctly. He told me he did not have a supervisor. I then asked who he reports too ... And he said " you're going to report me?!?!!" And I rephrased again just indicating I wanted to elevate the situation being he was accusing me of not correctly using an air conditioner. At that point he started speaking so quickly I could no longer understand him. I ended the conversation by stating please come as early in the morning as you can since this will be the second night of no sleep due to the uncomfortable temperature. I hate dragging people through the mud, or naming names specifically in my negative reviews but in the course of a single conversation I was made to feel I was not smart enough to properly operate an air conditioner and I don't understand how apartment management/supervision  works. This is unacceptable. He made no efforts to offer assistance in the form of fans/portable air units or vacant apartments. Instead choose to belittle me for inconveniencing him on a Friday night.I hope that MC properties makes this right because I expect much much more from such a large property management company.Update? He had to call a professional. Thank you very much.
3	I have been informed Jaime has been let go from the company. I feel adjusting my review to 3 is fair.
1	The place at Wickertree is a dump. The staff acts very nice and useful at first to get you money and their commission however following the signing of paper its all business and games are over. Several residents are trash, A 15 year old kid followed my neighbor around until she went inside and then threw rocks at her door for nearly 45 minutes. The police showed up and summonsed the kid for curfew however when she went to the office they stated they couldn't do anything about it even though the kid lived here. My other neighbors allow their dogs to defecate on their back porch and on the front near the walkway. They sell drugs and there is constant foot traffic of street punks in and out of his place a minute at a time. My apartment constantly wreaks of marijuana and with all this the staff makes excuses and is unwilling to do anything about it. The management here is completely useless, they are the laziest people who claim to be professionals that I have ever encountered.
5	All these reviews are bs I have lived here now almost 2 years now and the reason there is a feces is cause you lazy ass neighbors cant learn to clean up after your dogs. I have two pitt bulls myself and clean up after them . Its a old property people what do you expect pipes break and they fix em if you think this apartment is bad take your so called aggressive breeds and move where they are welcomed and by the way the only places who accept them are way south in phoenix and be careful they steal dogs right from your back yards . O and half the time your electric doesnt work gas stoves are always fun and you have the option of shootings and gang related issues all around so take your pick. I love this place they have treated me well . And i have never seen a single bug in my house people you understand cockroaches come to the filth they dont just show up . If you are not the dirty one you can expect that your neighbor near you is not clean and thats where there coming from. All of you need to jump down off your high horses and realize that with the dog breeds we are come here with we get a great place to live in a nice area not the ghetto .
1	Quiet place, nice neighbors, but INFESTED with bugs, every machine in the workout room is broken, and the management ridiculously unprofessional. Here are just 2 examples....While in the hospital I sent my daughter's father to pay my late rent after the tattooed troll (rental agent) made light of my illness because I hadn't 'sound' sick to her when she talked to me several days prior. She made a HUGE deal on not accepting rent or talking to people who aren't on the lease, i had NO other way of getting rent paid and NO ONE was trying to talk about my lease just simply trying to pay my rent.  When I saw her next I wished her a 'happy breast cancer awareness month a disease you can not tell one has over the phone' whether she was too dense or just that rude she definitely was apologetic or remorseful. Now a couple months later I am making a huge deal on the same delightful agent discussing with my SIX YEAR OLD daughter about rent and that she was expecting a call from me. When I received the message from my daughter I called the office in rage and the assistant manager was very apologetic and said she agreed nothing should be discussed with my child, the agent who relayed the message was on the phone so i asked the assistant manager what it was she wanted the assistant said 'she said it was about rent but I don't know why she'd need to discuss that because I know you are aware of everthing' after a very long hold and her trying to come up with an excuse as to why she opened her big mouth to a child she got out the phone and said 'oh I was talking to the child that was with your daughter not yours, I need her mother to call me' ...fat chance liar and you are still discussing adult matters with children
1	Nope. Negative. No. Never rent from this location or this company. My move out inspection was the most disrespectful and dehumanizing experience of my life.  We have been so dissatisfied with this property we paid ungodly amounts to break our lease. I will never rent from MC residential ever again.
1	After my walk through was "fine" according to the property manager... I receive a bill for new carpeting, wall repairs and a cleaning fee. We had maids come in, no pets and repaired the wall holes ourselves. We only lived in the apartment for 6 months... This property is attempting to get me to pay for the carpeting they needed to replace anyways. My husband and I are involving  legal team. They are taking advantage of us.
