3	I will never understand the overabundance of "mom and pop" pizza shops in Peoria. It almost seems like a practical joke.Dozens of "local" pizza shops, all with different names and menu layouts, all living on the same street, peddling the same food made with the same ingredients to the same curious customers, who keep shifting from one pizzeria to the next hoping to find something "different" before they ultimately settle on whichever one is more atmospherically pleasing to them. This is not to say Ballpark Pizza isn't worth a try. In fact, of all the copycat pizza parlors in the city, it's one of the better ones.While their pizza isn't worth writing home about, it's pretty low on the grease factor and tastes quite nice when dipped in ranch. It's pretty inexpensive, too. A large with two sodas and some wings shouldn't run you more than 20-25. The wings are what Ballpark's known for. They make a certain sauce that is so intensely hot that they have a wall of fame for anyone who can eat half a dozen of them within a certain time limit. One of my friends has his picture posted on the wall. I keep asking them for a "Hall of Famer" discount whenever we show up. We never get it.Oh, and the rules stipulate that while consuming the wings, you may drink whatever you think will help stave off the burn. I've seen guys pounding shots of ranch to keep the burn at bay. Just a sense of what to expect at Ballpark.It's sports-themed, but to the extent of other "sports restaurants" that blast six or seven TVs all playing different games or whatever the hell ESPN has on. The TVs just loud enough so that you can watch it and carry on a conversation. I was at Ballpark when Michael Vick was first investigated for that whole dogfighting thing. Then, a couple of months later, I was at Pullano's, which is literally down the street, when he gave his public apology.I need to find something new to eat.Personally I prefer Ballpark as a lunch spot. It's fairly uncrowded, even during the lunch rush. The food comes to  you fairly quickly, and the staff are always walking about the dining room looking to hook you up with extra napkins or whatever else you may need.It's the little things that make a pizza shop.
4	I like this place for their lunch special.  You can get two large slices of cheese pizza and a soda for around $5.00 - which beats the heck out of a combo-burger meal any day in my book.I wouldn't necessarily say the pizza is cookie-cutter generic, although it's exactly what you'd expect from a mom & pop family pizza shop.  The pizza isn't overly greasy - just enough to give it a little flop on the ends.  The crust is actually better than average.The people are friendly.  The ambiance is sports-minded and quaint.  They also serve a lot of pizza at Centennial High School nearby (which would have been awesome compared to the old-school cafeteria food I had back in the day).They are what your neighborhood pizza place ought to be with great service and a decent price.
3	Friendly staff and quaint child-like sports atmosphere, with a lot of families inside.  Seating is somewhat limited because several of the tables are very large and people don't seem to want to sit near other people.I liked the pizza crust and sauce.  Crust had a nice light crisp on the very bottom but was moist and chewy in between, and the same at the ends.  Sauce is notably tangy, reminding me of many places in the Chicago area with very tangy sweet sauce.  Cheese though... it was somewhat gummy and stuck together too much (take one bite, and you risk losing half the cheese off the entire slice in one adhesive layer).  Perhaps it was overcooked a little and it crisps up too much.  Very moist with grease on top.I'll give them another shot or two and see how different toppings go.
5	Ballpark is GREAT. We go there ALL the time and EVERY one of my friends who tries it becomes a regular.  Ballpark has a great atmosphere, use Grande' Cheese and only the best ingredients.  The things I've tried and love: - Salads (HUGE and fresh) - Philli Cheese Steak (FANTASTIC) - Calzones (Everyone LOVES) - PIZZA... One of the best around! - Cookie dessert (My son's fav) - The donut dessert (Grandma Diane's favorite and she's Italian!)Beyond the food, they are warm and caring.  They truly get to know their customers.  That's why you see SO many people over and over again... to the point you get to know their customers too!Try it out you will LOVE it!PS... as for their Hot-Wing Challenge... I think people who try to do it are CRAZY!  I won't ever do it!  I've seen the faces of horror as they try to survive it!  You think you like hot... let's see if you get YOUR picture on the wall!  WARNING:  Taste the toothpick FIRST!
4	The "honey-hot" wings are so delicious, but watch out for those "flame" wings! Price is very practical, and the lunch special is great, 2 slices of pizza and a pop for under $5.
5	This little restaurant is just what you want out of your local pizza shop. The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous. I work at a local elementary school and they are great helping us out with fundraisers and the like. They also give teacher discounts! Their lunch specials are great and there really isn't a whole lot of waiting when you order your food. Their pizza is delicious and their salads are fresh. Please drop by and give them your business!
5	LOVE it!
3	Very good food but, pricey!
4	Overall pretty good.  Pizza is not over the top amazing, but good.  I like the Sonoran Chicken with the peperoncini sauce...mmmm.   A little spicy, which I like, but not mouth burning.  Also, the wings are good.  I have had both the honey bbq and the hot wings, both are exceptional.
4	this place is pretty cool. the staff seemed to know a lot of the customers and what they wanted to order.. the wings are good.... pizza is ok.... I think I'll wack back a few pitchers of beer and some wings next time and see how that goes!.
5	One of the best Philly Cheesteaks I have had!Great little restaurant where the owners are super friendly, the staff I pleasant and helpful, and the food matches the quality you would expect.We stopped in on a Sunday evening, not wanting to have to wait to eat. They were happy to help and offered some sugestions as we were just kinda "blah" about eating.We ordered the sampler appetizers, a small cheese pizza for the kids, some bone in and boneless wings, the philly Cheesteaks and a ham and provolone sub. We took a menu and a magnet on the way out and will be visiting again!
3	It's a pretty good basic neighborhood pizza joint.  My wife liked the pizza, and I had wings and a salad.  Unfortunately their hottest wings are "novelty wings" that aren't meant to be eaten.  It was just their hot sauce with pure capsaicin added.  Just heat with no flavor, pointless.  I love really hot wings for the flavors of the hottest peppers.
4	Chicken options are the standout here....fresh,juicy,tender and flavorful. Pizza is good as well as the onion rings. In an area with many such places, Ballpark stands out for its friendly,courteous,prompt service. Owner remembers and greets all repeat customers. Definitely worth a try, won't be disappointed!
4	I was pretty surprised at how much I liked this place. I have lived in the neighborhood for 5 years or so and never tried them. I am not sure what deterred me other than maybe the name. Ballpark just doesn't instantly trigger thoughts of great pizza for me... I will readily admit I was wrong though!We ordered a pepperoni pizza and 20 wings. The wings were big and meaty and I thought they had a great flavor. The ranch wasn't my favorite ever, I am guessing it may have not been made in house, but I could be wrong. Ranch aside though these were some damn fine wings IMHO. The pizza came out a few minutes after the wings and I was blown away at how good it was. The crust was thin and crispy, which I absolutely love. My only complaint is that I burnt my mouth because I was not patient enough to wait for it to cool! I know, I know - that isn't Ballpark's fault so I won't dock them any stars. This place is a solid choice for some pizza and wings! I will try them again soon!
4	Fun friendly Atmosphere. Sonoran chicken sub is amazing, salads are good. Pizza is ok.  Great people!! And I love local family owned places!! Will be back often
5	The BEST Pizza and Wings that taste the closest to NY pizza & wings....Great employees/owners.....will make this a stop every time I come to Phoenix.....thanks for my glasses.....every time I use 'em, I will remember the Ballpark Pizza & Subs......
5	I've been looking for a new Pizza and Wing joint for some time now.  There are a number of places I can go for good Pizza or good Wings, but this is the first time in a very long time I've found somewhere where the Pizza and Wings where both excellent.  The Pizza was has a great crust, cheese and sauce ratio.  The blend of cheese are tasty and creamy but do not overwhelm the pizza.  The Wings where also great, not fatty or over cooked and not covered in too much sauce.  They had the perfect balance of spice and juiciness.Overall, it was a great experience.  Even though it's 15 minutes from my house, i will be back again.
5	Love this pizza joint! Service and staff is excellent! They are always extremely nice and welcoming! They have the BEST philly cheesesteak sandwich ever!!! I crave the Gold wings all the time! Pizza is awesome too!! This is a must!
5	Love this place, wings and pizza are always great Staff always friendly Owner that cares about service and quality
5	Best Pizza and Wings in the valley.  Great service too.
5	Our family frequents here and it's our personal favorite. The food is always awesome and the staff is always really friendly. I prefer their pizza to anyone else around.
5	If you are looking for great food and a fun atmosphere,  this is the place.   I have been coming here with my family and friends for years.  I am never disappointed with the food, it's always delicious.   The staff is very friendly and they always try there best to make it a great dining experience.   My personal favorite are their wings, but they have a full menu of pizzas, subs, salads and more...
5	Best pizza and wings on town. Absolutely love this place. The wings are not your tiny ordinary wings. You will not be disappointed!
5	Great Pizza and the best wings I've had in AZ.  Service was awesome too.
4	This is definitely the best pizza I've had locally, and I've eaten here many times.  Crust is perfect, and the Sonoran Chicken pizza is yummy, but a little spicy.  Wings and subs are also about the best I've ever tried.  Sometimes it's a little noisy with the TVs going.  Owners/employees are all very friendly, and it seems to attract a lot of families and sports teams.
5	Still such a friendly and delicious place! The pick 3 combo is amazing and the wings and pizza are the best in town!!
5	Just discovered this place and absolutely loved it. The pizza was delicious, gigantic slices served piping hot. The owner was so friendly, some of the best customer service I've had anywhere. Will definitely be back there again very soon, highly recommend!
5	AWESOME AWESOME food! The staff was very friendly and it created an amazing atmosphere! If I lived here in AZ, this place would definitely be my favorite! The owner even brought out a couple slices of pizza for us to munch in while we waited. Did I mention that this place has awesome food!?
5	I love Ballpark, the pizza is really good - the honey hot wings are ridiculously good. The best part about this place is not the pizza or the wings, but the customer service. The owner always treats his customers very well, I've been there 5 times now. This time I ordered takeout on a Sunday and even though he closed in 15 minutes (I didn't know) he still was extremely friendly and even offered me a complimentary soft drink while I waited.
5	Ridiculously good gold wings! I mean, simply wow. The pizza is great, and the zeppolis (no idea how to spell it--addicting fried balls of dough dusted in powdered sugar that you dip in chocolate or raspberry sauce) are delicious, but I could and have often gone there only to eat full meals of wings. Absolutely perfect.
3	Sometimes I need to manage my expectations with yelp.  Lots of excellent reviews but imho this place is just ok.  The pizza is peter piper esque. And the boneless wings are chicken strips cut in half. The golden sauce did taste good.  But after going outside the box it's back to Barros for us. 32 bucks for 20 wings and a large medocre pizza... And you don't even get 50 tokens.
