1	Visited aprox 5:30 PM Friday 05/20/2011. An employee was mopping the whole floor with something similar to Pine-sol. Glad we weren't trying to eat inside, gave my wife a headache. My wife's salmon was overcooked as were the Gyoza (potstickers). The salmon was supposed to come with tempura, the receipt was correct, but no tempura. We were already home when she discovered that. The Arizona Bowl was mostly white rice with a little fake(?) crab on top. If you order "to go" check the order before you leave. We will not return.
3	Good place for a cheap casual lunch. Has a simple cafe feel to it. I enjoyed my chicken teriyaki bowl, but the egg rolls were kind of mushy. I will be back to try their sushi rolls (other patrons seem to like 'em).
3	Yogi's does a decent job at providing fast-food Japanese.  Prices are good, and portions are pretty large.  The katsu chicken I tried was nicely crispy and juicy.  I've also had the eel dish, and the eel is a good portion size, with steamed vegetables.  The vegetables weren't anything too exciting, and were a bit bland.  Compared to other fast-food Japanese, there are other places I would frequent more, but if I'm in the area, it's a good choice for quick Asian food.
5	If you're in a hurry, make sure you call in your order ahead of time.  I'm not sure if they grill their meat per order or what but you will have to wait a few minutes.   Definitely worth the wait.  One of the best teriyaki places in Phoenix that I know of.  The beef is always lean and thinly cut.  The chicken is dark meat but you can substitute for white meat if you ask.  It'll cost you about $1.00 extra, which is totally worth it.
5	They're open on Sunday now.  Huge plus in my book.  Yay!
4	This is a thoroughly competent "rice bowl" establishment, with a somewhat expanded menu.  It differs from fast food places you might find in shopping malls in several ways:1.  A greater portion of the food is prepared to order and is thus fresher.2.  There is an expanded menu, including not only teriyaki rice bowls, but also tempura, popular sushi rolls, etc.3.  The food quality is a bit better.Prices are reasonable, but not cheap.  And you need to realize that this is an "order at the counter" place, although they do bring your food to your table.  It ain't fancy, folks.  But for what it is, Yogis Grill is about as good as you are likely to find.Hint:  Look for coupons on the Internet, in mailers, etc.
5	It is a great Japanese Teriyaki restaurant at fast food price.  I have been addicted to their teriyaki beef bowl and can't stop going there.   Awesome food at reasonable price.  Healthier than any fast food restaurants.  Highly recommended and will go there today for another beef teriyaki bowl..
4	I am a Teriyaki chicken lover, so this is the spot to go to if your just simply craving some traditional teriyaki with rice bowl or plate. I almost always get the Teriyaki with the steamed Veggies and white rice!! We also truly enjoy their avocado rolls and California rolls, they are both much fuller and cleaner cut, then other places.**** Also the service was nice, overall it is good.
3	My boss and I ordered from here for lunch today and were pleased with our order. I got the teriyaki and tempura combo, which comes with chicken teriyaki, 1 piece of shrimp tempura, 2 pieces of vegetable tempura, 2 pieces of a california roll and a small side salad. My boss got the avocado roll and the spicy tuna roll.I thought the chicken teriyaki was good, nothing too special and pretty general. The california roll was nice and fresh. The tempura unfortunately was soggy by the time I brought it back to the office, and I felt that the shrimp could have been cooked better. The salad was very, very small and was mainly just iceberg lettuce- it was very underwhelming. My boss enjoyed his sushi, but he was peeved that their "avocado roll" had krab in it. He doesn't eat shellfish, so we had to call to see if it was real crab or not. It was basically a cali roll with avocado on top and eel sauce.Overall for a quick lunch if you're craving teriyaki it is pretty good, but then again there are a lot of other options in the area too.
3	Decided to try this fast food Japanese place cause we were in a hurry but my son had a craving for sushi. I ordered the rainbow roll only but the menu looked really good. The roll was presented really well and it tasted pretty good. The only problem with this place is the service is really slow. I waited for a long time to get my roll. Overall the place with very clean and modern looking. Would I come back? Maybe but not if I'm in a hurry
5	I am a HUGE fan of Yogi Grill! Shianne is located at the scottsdale and Shea location and I have to admit I LOVE that she knows my name!! Not because I am there all the time but because she is just really good like that.Food is priced perfectly!I have tried several things on the menu - Egg rolls, Pot stickers, teriyaki chicken and beef as well as the tempera. I am not a sushi person and I don't like seaweed! They have a cucumber roll that I add Avocado too and instead of seaweed I get soy paper. It is a buck more I think. But SO WORTH IT!! Oh let's not forget the Avocado salad! YUMMMMOK so I now go here at least once a week for lunch or dinner and I never tire of it!Fresh made tasty food that is healthy!
4	I love Teriyaki bowls and this place has never let me down. They are very consistent, fast and delicious. I order lunch from here occasionally. I like to get the spicy Teriyaki chicken with white meat, low carb style. With the low carb, they substitute rice with fresh steamed veggies. It is great mixture of broccoli, carrots and cabbage. It's a great choice for something healthy, quick and cheap.
5	Love their teriyaki everything. Used to be samurai sams and that was horrible. Yogis gives you a good amount of food with every order too. I always get a chicken bowl and gyoza. Love their rolls too. Best teriyaki sauce ever.
5	The more and more I come here the more and more I LOVE it I updated this review. Originally 3 starts but bumped it up to 5. The service here is really exceptional for a walk-up-and-order place. Cheyenne (one of the counter girls) is phenomenal and will always be polite, remember your name, and have a genuine smile on her face. The little Asian couple that owns the place is always working and try very hard to make their business succeed. I see the woman here almost every time I'm here and she's polite and always smiles.. Great service!!! --original review--Always a fan of Yogis! I work right across the street from here, and Yogis is always a good option for some good Asian/Teriyaki. (Their sushi is alright, but in my opinion, really isn't worth it for the quality you get) I generally always get the chicken teriyaki with veggies bowl. The food is always made to order and always tastes good. Chicken is usually always tender, and although sometimes I do get dark meat (yay for my tastebuds but nay for nutritional value) it is always of decent quality. Their spring rolls aren't half bad either, although they are considerably average tasting (but hey, it's a fast-food Asian place, what can you expect). They have unlimited Sriracha and soy sauce, which is always nice if you dine in, but if you order to go, they will charge for extra sauces. I recommend picking up a punch-card if you live/work close by, because after you buy 9 regular teriyaki bowls you get the 10th free (or something very close to that)
3	It was better than I expected as far as "To Go" sushi is concerned. It i was kinda pricey though.
5	I eat here at least once a week. Great place quick and healthy lunch. The people are friendly and the food is made fresh the way I like it.
2	I usually love this place and eat here all the time. The last time I came in it was terrible. Not only was my food order incorrect, but I called it in about 30 minutes before. No they were not busy and when I got there 30 minutes later I still had to wait ten minutes to get my to go order. Not to mention I was watching whoever was preparing my food and he was talking on his cell phone while he was doing it. Whoever was behind the front desk was rude and very unprofessional. I'm disappointed this time.
5	This is the best fast food Japanese around. Everything is grilled fresh to order. They even do a pretty darn good job with the sushi. Big fan of the teriyaki chicken all white meat. Also love the crunch roll and tempura.
