4	A good and big store to go into.Its located on princess street.It has got a great selection of clothing and other fashion designer goods,also an excellent quality of clothes and its affordable.
2	Debenham's on Princes Street is a pretty unremarkable department store and I think it's one of the worst in Edinburgh.The perfume and cosmetics department on the ground floor is small and the staff are not particularly helpful. In other shops the women working at the big name cosmetics counters are falling over themselves to help you out, but that's not the case here and I have been ignored on more than one occasion. The lingerie department fares slightly better, but there is not a very wide range to choose from and it gets incredibly hot and stuffy, which makes trying on bras an uncomfortable experience.Its saving grace are the Blue Cross sales where items can be reduced by as much as 70%, but when these aren't on I'd give this place a miss and head to Jenners or House of Fraser instead.
2	I really don't like Debenhams. It reminds me of middle aged housewives who spend their husbands money in Debenhams while pretending it is really Harvey Nicks.I only really come in here to use the toilet. Which is located on the top floor which I find super annoying. This is a clever marketing ploy to make you walk through the whole shop on your way in the hope you will buy something.I do enjoy the blue cross sale or their 20% off days which are good for picking up some nice home stuff. I find the rest of the store so bland and dated, maybe if it had a face lift it would encourage me to shop there.
3	Yeah I agree with Amy G and Emma C before me - this particular Debenhams really isn't the best showcase, but Debenhams is ace - lets not lie!It's the sort of place you can spend the whole day in. They have everything you could possibly want, tights, shoes, dresses....and that's just the menswear. Yeah, this branch is grotty and I'm often left feeling a bit dirty when I leave, but call it my guilty pleasure. You really can't fault the quality, the price and the staff.
4	Debenhams is excellent and for anyone who likes shopping and it's particularly good for the lazy shopper like me as it has so much stuff all under one roof. -Need a new outfit? Take your pick from all the high street concession brands. -Need some new make-up? Pop into the make-up section where you can choose from various different premium brand make-ups, get tips from the professionals and maybe even get a cheeky make-over while you're there.-Need some perfume? Check.-A gift? There's a whole store full of gift ideas and if you're choosing for someone fussy, you can always opt for a gift card instead. -Homeware? They have it all.As a rule, I love Debenhams, but I can see where the other reviewers are coming from, this particular branch does feel a little bit more flat than others but it's convenient location ensures that I'll pop back time and time again.
3	I hate shopping, yet I love department stores. I'd like to say that this was an interesting juxtaposition but sadly it's fairly dull, just like this frankly pitiful branch of Debenhams.It's cramped, small, and doesn't have the maze-like layout and atmosphere that lets one lose hours in some of it's rivals.It's better than TJ Hughes, which is I suppose a complement of sorts.
1	Officially the world's most confusing department store. And therefore the most annoying.For some reason, rather than being one whole shop this place is laid out as two individual shops back to back - a Princes Street side and a Rose Street side. Consequently, you spend 99% of your time inside trying to navigate to the floor where you want to get to as opposed to actually shopping. All I wanted was a dress and yet it took me a good fifteen minutes of wandering around in circles before I finally gave up and asked a sales assistant before I eventually found the womenswear bit. But this brings me to my next grumble: as far as Debenhams go, this one is really small and so there's really not much selection ot choose from.
3	I decided to do a little shopping while visiting Edinburgh.  I wandered into Debenham's not knowing what to expect.  I suppose that if I lived in Edinburgh, my review might have been different.  But I didn't find anything here that I couldn't get at Macy's and not have to ship or schlep home.It's a bit of a maze and it's layout isn't the greatest.  Still, it was kind of neat just looking around.  I did manage to stop for coffee at the little cafe they have here.
3	I generally do like Debenham's, they do have some pretty good men's clothes every now and then and I actually found my favourite pair of jeans here. However, this one is pretty complicated to navigate around, although not as much as some other have portrayed.The store itself is on the small side when it comes to department stores, which is a shame, but it is able to fit in a small little cafe, which is always good to have a stop for a coffee and chill out.My favourite thing about the shop is the home department, you can find some real bargains here whether it be for the kitchen, bathroom or the bedroom.
