4	The Villager belongs to the same people as Dragonfly so expect a few of the same traits- hot music, hot cocktails and hot staff. The design is a trendy blend of old meets new, retro wallpaper lit up by giant chandeliers. There's plenty of seating in this place, even a private room at the back but be warned, on a Friday and Saturday night it fills up very quickly.The food in the Villager is pretty tasty, very light and fresh with a lean towards Asian fusion. I've never disappointed by the food here but I would say that the quality of the kitchen is not as high as the quality of the bar. Cocktails here are phenomenal. I have it on good authority that all the syrups and fruit blends are made in house- especially appealing! I would recommend the Villager to anyone looking for a classy spot of drinking. Well, maybe it will begin classy- who knows where it will end!
4	Great little bar/restaurant.  The best compliment I can give it is that if I go back to Edinburgh, I will go back to the Villager!Great food, great beer and great people.  Perfect combination.
5	i'm a little bit in love with the villager.stopped in last week w/the boy to dry off and have a drink while we warmed up. ended up settling in on the comfy leather couch and staying for a few hours! the food is far beyond standard bar fare.  i had the pesto and pinenut past and he had the chorizo stew. amazing.  the chocolate cake for dessert had the most nummy fudge sauce and just a smidge of tasty butterscotch sauce as well.  the wait/barstaff were incredibly friendly and didn't try to rush us at all.  my boyfriend's favorite part was that they facy up their tap water with cucumber and mint.  the prices here are a bit high, but it's not terrible. and they make proper cocktails! i thoroughly enjoyed my amaretto sours throughout the night. next time we're back up to edinburgh, the villager is definitely on the list.
4	The Villager is one of those really cool places in Edinburgh with dark lighting. You just know it's cool if it has dark lighting.I met my brothers girlfriend for the first time in this restaurant. She is one of those annoyingly beautiful girls who always looks amazing and is really lovely. Tsuh. She chose the restaurant and so I knew it would be a good'un. As I said, it is really cool and the food is delicious! Really tasty and nice food, I was pleasantly surprised at the standard of the food. It is good food with a twist - I had a really yummy duck burger for lunch once, and I had a delicious Brie tarte for dinner during another visit. Their menu changes regularly so it's worth paying another visit. I look forward to it! It's the sort of place I would go to buy an entire new outfit for. Inc. jewelery.There is also always a really good offer online for The Villager, which is useful to lower the price a bit!
4	Much more of a bar serving food than any of the other similar places like this nearby, as opposed to a restaurant that serves drinks. As a result, its more relaxed and laid-back than places like the Cellar Door or The Outsider, but it's still just as good quality in terms of service and how tasty the stuff all is.I glanced at the food menu when I was here, although I didn't eat as I was just meeting friends for cocktails. And as far as places to meet for cocktails go, this place is a great shout. They're not cheap - in fact that would probably be my only quibble - but they're so well made you really won't mind, and they're still more reasonably-priced than the equivalent places on George Street.
4	I remember when this was an Irish Bar called Scruffy Murphy's. And no doubt Scruffy Murphy's remembers me pretty well for various reasons, but we won't go into that, because it's completely irrelevant to this review. The Villager is quite a quirky little number, with its retro print thing going on and its funky chilled out vibe and music to match. I think the idea here is to mellow out (did I actually just use that phrase?) and do your individual thing, and the visiting diners and drinkers are a mix of students, young professionals, or just anyone remotely trendy and a bit arty. There are two sections to Villager, with a slim area beside the main bar and a larger space with sofas and tables for sinking into and bantering. The food is really decent, with a pretty all round people pleasing menu, and an equally pleasing selection of cocktails on the drinks list. There's a mix of DJs playing here every week, so musical genres can vary. All good chat though, which comes highly recommended.
4	My time in the Netherlands introduced me to the word 'gezellig', of which describes a cosy and inclusive setting. The Dutch love their candlelit bars and cosy interior and the Villager seems to encompass this ethos quite well.True to form, you'll find dark leather, flickering candles and looming flora as you mellow out in the Villager's relaxed interior.Drinks are all I've had in here, and although not the cheapest, they are fair for the quality. A great place to take a date.
4	I first visted the Villager around 6 months ago and have been somewhat of a regular since. I was a little apprehensive at first as the place was rather quiet when we first went in, although it wasn't long after midday and once we were seated and wetting our thoroughly partched whistles the place got busier and ended up having a nice vibe.We dropped in recently the day after the Edinburgh Art College fashion show before some of our pals headed back down the road to Glasgow. One thing that stood out here was how friendly the service was. Being the first people in a bar I sometimes feel that you disturb the staff from their daily routines of having a coffee, eating a bacon roll or completing the G2 crossword but the girl that served us couldn't have been happier to see a big group of us stagger, baggy-eyed through the door. Perhaps she thought we looked the type that would sit nurcing a pint and a burger while wiping the sleep from our eyes - and she was spot on.Nevertheless the food was magic and just what the doctor ordered - well priced at 6.96 for a crackin burger and some quality beer on draft. I also noticed they have a Sunday Roast for around 9quid and you can also opt for a roast leg of lamb! I will be round at the weekend!
5	As my hangover attests, Villagers is fast becoming one of my favourite bars. A discreet neighbourhood joint in the charming Old Town, it's a stone's throw from the Missoni Hotel and directly opposite my favourite Edinburgh restaurant.* In the daytime, it's usually filled with graduates and groups of girls catching up over burgers and bottles of wine whilst in the evening, it's gently bustling with locals having a cheeky drink on their way home. Decor and ambience wise, Villager falls somewhere between Shoreditch and Williamsburg. There's high ceilings, dusty chandeliers, low-slung leather sofas and lots of urban art stencilled directly onto exposed brick and concrete walls. The vibe is relaxed, the staff are cute and tattooed and the fact it's Edinburgh not the East End, means there's an absence of egotistical hipsters in skinny jeans and big sunglasses. Best of all, Villager serves everything from Mojitos to Guinness and the music ranges from Miles Davis and Curtis Mayfield to Joy Division. * (Patience is a virtue.... If you can't wait to read my next review, my favourite restaurant shares the same name as an Albert Camus novel.)
4	Going against the trend of what Villager is popular for (Sarah-Jane and her post-Villager hangover!) I actually came here to cure one, not create it.On a very blustery, wet and horrible Edinburgh Saturday afternoon, all the cafes were full right up and so coffee with a friend was taken to the pub. Villager is a big bar, central on George IV bridge, and a really nice bar. It's warm and woody inside, plenty of room, with boots and tables, and friendly bar staff. Whilst I wasn't eating, there's lunch and dinner (usual gastro pub fare) and the plates I saw and smelt go past looked delicious.But, one too many vodkas the night before, and it was 11am, so I opted for one of their smoothies. A pub that does home-made smoothies - how novel! The Villager Garden (I think): cucumber, mint and apple juice. It was really quite delicious! Green, thick with bits of mooshed up cucumber and mint, and so refreshing. I'd highly recommend!Now I've experienced it, I'll certainly be back for an evening burger and drink methinks. I could see it fast becoming a favourite mid-week watering hole for me...
5	This pub just has it all. Great location on George IV Bridge. Amazing decor, really big booths for larger crowds. Good cocktails, really great choice. Really, really tasty food. Free wi-fi. Amazing non-alcoholic smoothies for day-time.It's the sort of place I would go to for an early morning coffee with my laptop, lunch with friends, a pub-dinner with the boy, or cocktails with the girls.When I last went I had a tequila cocktail which was num. The boy had the Scotch Broth which was just how my grandma used to make it (delicious) and some sort of spiced chicken breast and sweet potato mash. The food is really, really well done. Not "pub grub", more gastro pub. I need to try the burgers, but the other food just all looks so good too.Not much more I can say but I heart Villager!
5	I still love this place.  Have been back a few times over a few visits in Edinburgh. And it's still charming with great drinks and yummy food. Whee!
5	Sometimes you do judge a book by it's cover...  and in this case, it served me well!  I happened to be wandering around on a bitter cold day in Edinburgh, searching for some place to have a warm and filling lunch...  or just a pint to tie me over and get me out of the cold.  I was drawn in by the trendy, retro-esque decor...  but noticed they had a menu as well.I noticed that it was buzzing, but the staff were very quick to get me seated.  I sat at one of the tables across from the bar, which looked wonderful and in reading the cocktails menu, I'm going to have to go back just to try one.  The waiter was quick to take a drink order, so I asked for a pint of a local ale, to which he gave me a choice, but I channeled my dad and said, "Surprise me."  Whatever it was, it was very good.In reading the menu, I discovered it was going to be very difficult to choose something as just about everything on the menu sounded absolutely delicious.  However, because it was cold and I was having a pint, I decided on the Pork and Chorizo Stew served with crusty bread.  The waiter came by a couple times before my order arrived to check on me, which I don't know that I have experienced a lot of that while here in Europe.  Some people might feel pestered, but it is nice to not have to wave someone down to get another pint.The stew came out and it looked and smelled wonderful!  It was a large portion, but it looked like the right dish for a cold, winter day.  While I would've liked a little more chorizo, the stew was great!  The pork was tender and it was a little on the spicy side, but it was just the right amount and the pint helped soothe the heat.  And the crusty bread was a great touch to sop up any of the stew I may have missed with my spoon.  Loved it and hope to stop in again!
4	Despite the crowded, trendy atmosphere, Villager serves up some pretty decent grub and redonkulous drinks. Husband and I popped into Villager just before the kitchen closed, and even though the place was full to bursting, service was flawless. First, the drinks. It's hard to make a choice from the extensive menu with a large selection of pretty unique concoctions. I chose the Banoffee Martini, which was practically a dessert. It's sweet, boozy, and absolutely delicious. I even liked the water they serve, which is flavored with watermelon, mint, and cucumber -- sorry, Villager, I'm totally stealing this recipe to serve at my next party :) The food, while not earth shattering, is quite good and a welcome change from the more touristy offerings in the area. I'll admit to practically inhaling my entree -- chicken wrapped in bacon and stuffed with mozzarella. (I KNOW, RIGHT?! Yum.) They had desserts, but who needs dessert when you have Banoffee Martinis? Not this girl, that's for sure.
5	The Villager.Sigh. Not only do they serve truly exceptional cocktails, (I laughed, I cried, I drank my glass dry), they are sensitive to what it is that you really want.Now that, boys and girls, is something you don't find often in your average pub/bar/cafe. When I walked up to the bar to order a something-something margarita, the barman quickly asked if I would prefer a traditional one (which was exactly what I'd wanted but it wasn't on the menu).Oh bliss. Oh alcoholic joy. This was ... awe-inspiring. I've not had a better margarita to date. (Excepting the time I came back to the Villager a few nights later).The food here is of a nice standard and they play classical music in the bathrooms! I don't know why but that just made my night.I love it here!
5	Village burger! All the way!Took my parents here a few nights ago when they were in town and we had a full on meal here. I was so surprised, I don't know why but I didn't expect the food to be *that* good. And boy was I wrong.The burger was inspired. That's right, inspired. My dad's Sunday roast was a work of art and the fries were gone so fast (we're Dutch, we like fries) that I had but a fleeting impression of them, but oh man, crunchy, and delicous.You know what I also like about this place, their water. Weird, yes, but they serve these jugs of water with fresh mint, watermelon and cucumber. What's so special about that? Two things: firstly, you get a tiny hint of all those flavours in your water which is just rather delicious really, and secondly, it means that the staff took the time to sit down and think about what it is the customer would want, and then they proceeded to execute it. It's thoughtful, like bringing flowers to a house-warming party. It makes you feel, welcome, and warm and fuzzy inside. (Possibly the cocktail had something to do with that as well, but hey). Did I mention the service by the way? Fun, upbeat, engaged but never pushy. Absolutely an Edinburgh favourite.
4	Birthday cocktails at villager? Heck-to-the-yeah! Mulled cider after a rather stressful day Christmas shopping? Try and ruddy stop me!!So, first trip here was with some other oh so lovely yelpers, as a little get together on my birthday. Did I have a totally awesome day? Yes!! Did going here help?? Fo' sho! We had a lovely little booth by the window. There was banter, there was chat, there was delicious cocktails. I had the berry flirtini, of course!? It was fruity and spot on!! I then had the Mistral Royale which just as tasty, but sadly about half the size! There was also munch, I plucked for some spicy potato wedges and Mussels which came in a vodka-y/vermouth-y broth. Both hit the spot, although I thought the broth from the mussels lacked flavour or a certain punch, which I had been expecting. Overall this visit was good!! Only down point being I did feel like they were maybe rushing us a little, I get it, we are sitting in at a food only table, but I certainly was not in any scramble to leave.Second visit was specifically for the mulled cider I had seen advertised on the previous visit. My friend and I had spent the afternoon trampling down Princes Street 'trying' to get some Christmas shopping done. It was not a very productive afternoon, and the Saturday rush was beginning to get to my head, the only sensible solution - Mulled Cider. He utterly agreed, of course, who wouldn't!? So we headed to Villager. He was rather impressed by my choice....... and the cocktail menu. So we had some cider, it was perfect-o, warming, not too sweet with a lovely hint of orange. Then of course he wanted to try one of the cocktails, so I just had to have one too. He went for a cucumber-based concoction, which was not to my tastes, but he enjoyed it. I had some lethal tequila lovely yummy tasty thing. It was as good as my last experience of Villager cocktails. Only problem this time, lack of comfortable seating if you are just having a drink. I don't like sitting AT the bar, but other than that, very good.I can very well see myself returning, the cocktails are just de-vine!!!
4	Ahhh Villager.I used to come all the time for your Espresso Martinis but after some of my vaunted "staff" issues (slow, haughty to the point of rude) I stopped.However I've been back twice recently once for some "lads" drinks and once with just one friend and it was friendly, quiet, and VERY enjoyable.Good drinks and faster service than I remember and the staff were really nice. They even have an excellent beer on now called Sierra Nevada which is highly recommended.I need to go back and try the cocktails more and also the food (especially sharing stuff) looked really good. The staff are still hipster as f*** though....
3	Ooh dear, I think I came here on a bit of an off night.I came here for a bite and a drink before Yelp's May elite event because it is perfectly placed between my work.  When we arrived there were loads of tables available and the friendly waitress brought us some of their famously tasty water with cucumber, watermelon and mint.We all ordered drinks and they'd been advertising their "cocktail of the week" online, which I thought sounded pretty good.  The waitress didn't know what I was talking about and though the bar seemed to know, they ended up charging me more for it than was actually advertised.  Admittedly I didn't point this out because I was in a bit of a rush by then and it seemed petty to squabble over 60p, but I did find it an unfortunate oversight.  Two of us ordered their tasty cajun potato wedges and we agreed that we should have ordered one to share.  That didn't stop us from finishing both bowls, though.  My other friend ordered a burger which, when it first came out was undercooked to the extent that he had to go against his cardinal rule of never sending food back, and send it back.  The waitress was very nice about it and the kitchen recooked the burger and reported that some of the red colour came from the spices used.  This is fine and they handled it perfectly fine but it does seem odd that a place that makes burgers daily would actually churn one out that was SO undercooked.  So all in all a pretty "meh" experience.  Having said that, I would definitely return because as I said I felt that I'd caught the Villager on something of an off night.  It has an impressive cocktail list, nice staff, great location and good ambiance.  I look forward to trying a proper meal here and reporting back.
5	Pre-concert drinks and munchies here last night.  Everyone very happy with the offerings - burgers were bursting at the seams and fries overflowing from bowls.  The sweet potato and coconut soup a masterpiece in a bowl.Blue Moon on draft and staff you want to take home to meet your mum leaves me thinking every city needs a Villager. Outstanding.
4	One of the coolest bars it the city it has to be said.Freidnly staff, good tunes, great drinks from beers to cocktails and some decent seating areas this place is a must. Great for a Friday night and great for chilled week night its just one the top bars in town.Massive fan of their cocktail list, there to be enjoyed and sampled :)
5	Amazing cocktails, varied and intriguing menu.. All at a great price! This is a keeper.
4	I used frequent the Villager in my uni days and this week as I had one of my old flatmates visiting for the night, we went back here. It is full of happy memories for us and the staff are always welcoming and totally makes you feel relaxed and at home.As we hadn't booked a table, the waitress offered us one of the sofas which was perfect for a girly catch up with a bottle of wine and a mezze sharing plate.All in all a great evening and I struggle to find negatives about the Villager. Oh apart from the toilets, they are in DESPERATE need of a refurb!
4	Quiet lunchtime, but good tasty burger and welcoming staff. Good music, but turn the heating up please!
4	We had the  nicoise salmon salad, and the  Moroccan stew (veg) which were both great! We got two different local beers which were yummy ! Super cool place a mix of old and urban. Love the screen art graffiti  on the walls! Definitely will be back. Their mix drink list looked awesome!p.s. loved the water jug that had melon and cucumber in it! refreshing
4	I was in Edinburgh on business for a week and stopped in at the Villager on my last night to toast the end of a stressful week. From outside the place looked cute. It's split into a bar area and a quaint yet trendy sitting area. The menu had limited options but was very creative. I opted for a super tasty risotto that was a real pleasure to the senses.  The cocktail menu was split into different personality types. Apparently I was nailed as a real girly drink type. Oh well, guess that's me. I started with a Berry Flirtini but it didn't thrill me. I moved into this awesome gin and elderflower liqueur concoction that was out of this world good!Everyone in our party found a drink on the menu that we loved.To sum it up: excellent food worth even better drinks!
4	Had dinner here a couple of nights ago with a group of friends and had a great time. It's been a while since I've been, but I'm glad to say the food is still as good as I remember and the cocktail list is still fun and really has something to please everyone.We'd only booked for 5, so were given a booth by the front door.. but we ended up being 7, and they were very accommodating and let us move into the dining room so we could sit along the back on the bench seating.. The only reason I've not given 5 stars was because the service got a bit sporadic nearer the end of our evening. Not to say it was bad at any stage and the girl managed to remember a massive ad hoc order we threw at her without writing anything down, so kudos!All in all, a great night was had by all and I wouldn't hesitate to go back and take company with me!
4	VillagioThis place is so cool, it's almost too cool, but not quite. The perfect amount of cool. Cool cocktails but keep your sister away from the Berry Flirtinis or she might get thrown out of a taxi for being too drunk. Cool food also, modern pub stuff, nothing too extravagant and well-priced. The music is pretty good also. Popular among the after work crowd but also a very busy late night spot.
5	Delish! Popped in for a spot of lunch while on vacation in Edinburgh. Staff was attentive and warm. Food was fresh, tasty and lick-the-spoon-clean good!! Bonus: great music! Could sit here all day. The cocktail list looks amazing, maybe a pm visit before heading back to the states.
5	I remembered Villager from the last time we were in Edinburgh about two years ago, and the amazing Banoffee Martini's that they had!So I was pleased to see that whilst wondering around looking for a bar, Villager was still here and still making Banoffee Martini's. We came here after dinner but they do serve food, and it looks very nice, next time maybe I'd give it a try. The Villager has lovely staff and given my problem with decision making and staring at the cocktail menu for quite some time the barman offered just to make me whatever I usually drink, which bought me some time to have a proper look at the cocktail menu whilst drinking that one. After much consideration I stuck to my Banoffee Martini, it's just so tasty!It's very chilled here and they have a nice atmosphere of which I could(and did) spend hours in. In fact we even came back the next night for more drinks!
