5	It's in a food court and they have donuts. This much can be expected.On the other hand there are two other things that make this stand out.1) Free Wifi2) People watching. I'm not sure what drives a person to eat a dozen donuts in one sitting. Maybe they eat their emotions, are really stoned, or are training for a donut eating contest. I don't know. What I do know is I find it absolutely fascinating to watch people eat donuts in the middle of the night.
5	This Krispy Kreme is located in Excalibur.  Only a skip, jump, and escalator ride from the hotel rooms.  I made sure to stop by here at least once every day.  As far as I could tell, it was 24 hours and the donuts were always fresh!  How is that possible?  Anyways, the people working there were always friendly.  One of the girls actually suggested that we buy a Krispy Kreme calendar because there were valuable coupons that could save us money.  Yes, she actually remembered us from the days prior.  I guess it makes a good impression when you buy a dozen donuts at 2 in the morning.  :)  All I can say is I always had a donut in hand, and a smile on my face.  What a great vacation.
2	I've been to this Krispy Kreme at least a dozen times over the past decade, between all the Vegas trips we take...And I must not have been back in quite a while, but, THEY CLOSED DOWN THE FACTORY! All the doughnuts seem to be shipped in, or are produced in another location. Strange - no more hot Krispy Kremes off the line :(
5	Service by the manager was exceptional, the deal she upsold me on was perfect and they have free WiFi! Even though they don't make the doughnuts on-site any longer, they get them delivered three times per day. Good thing, because they go through quite a few doughnuts from what I can tell.The deal that the manager upsold me on was to buy a Krispy Kreme calendar that included a free dozen of glazed doughnuts. I wanted an assorted dozen so she just included a slightly higher fee, but still a very good deal. The awesome part of this deal is that there are coupons inside of the calendar that will allow me to get another dozen doughtnuts for about $5 dollars, instead of spending about $14, each month. The Krispy Kreme gift that keeps on giving!To access this Krispy Kreme, you can enter from the casino below or you can cross the bridge from the pyramid shaped hotel via their people movers.
4	Stopped in here fairly late in the evening for a snack. Was surprised the donuts my brother-in-law and I devoured were FRESH at that time of night. Like they just came out of the oven!He had a chocolate glazed (one of my KK favorites) but I opted for one of their holiday special donuts, which I believe was a red velvet donut with cream cheese icing and green sprinkles on it. Wow what a great donut. Not exactly cheap, but oh so worth it.They also have a nice selection of drinks that go great with donuts, such as chocolate milk and frappucinos.Wish they had a shop here in NJ, where there are Dunkin Donuts on every corner.
4	Grossly over-priced, as with anything on the strip.  That said, the doughnuts were fresh and the service was extremely friendly.
3	Wow , like I mention and other Krispe Kreme review I made , I just love their doughnuts, Im just surprise to see one in here, smart location, for sure will come back again
5	This is a great and convenient place to stop at for a quick and easy breakfast or for a late night snack. I went late at night to this area to try and find something to eat, and this was one of the only places open. The people have always been friendly and the doughnuts are always good.
4	I got the donut w/ chocolate frosting and vanilla frosting in the middle whilst the boyfriend got the maple donut, and his brother got the glazed donut.  I admit that I've had Krispy Kreme before but never from the actual Krispy Kreme store.  The donuts were displayed enticingly well and I wasn't able to decide between the frosting filled donut or the custard filled donut.  I wish I opted for 2 but it was close to midnight and I know that anything I eat at that hour would remain at my waist plus the brother wanted to treat us (he's so sweet and only 15) so I need to be considerate.  I think I ate the donut in 6 bites?  Oddly enough I took my time instead of inhaling it like I normally would.  It's odd because both the boyfriend and brother finished their sugary selection before I did.  This was my last meal on my first night in Vegas.  Alas, it is why I wasn't able to get a brownie or a cupcake at Sugar Factory after this however, we returned to Sugar Factory the next night; the boyfriend got me the peanut butter blondie brownie that I had my eye on.
5	Yay I missed KK! My friend and I came all the way from the strip to get doughnuts & was happyyyy. I wish I could go everyday!
4	its located inside circus circus on the las vegas strip. Its small but it does the job. prices are average Krispy Cream prices. The doughnuts were fresh and there was a good selection of them already made. Who knew it was located inside the casino. my addiction to doughnuts lead me here :)
5	Ahh, Krispy Kreme! Their doughnuts are good as always, and they even have free WIFI.Enjoy! :)
3	Although its located at the end end of the strip and it is a far walk (which we learned the hard way). During the end of our girl's Vegas trip for spring break, my girlfriend needed to go to Krispy Kreme to bring back home (Honolulu) so we decided to walk it there because we were going to eat buffet that night. I believe as soon as you get in the casino, you take the escalator up to the food court and it is right after the chapel and next to the popcorn store. We first went into the popcorn store and since my friend ordered a lot of popcorn we got to spin the wheel for free, unfortunately it didn't land on the one we wanted so we asked to switch it to the free donut and Krispy Kreme which we got...yay!Went to Krispy Kreme and got my free glazed donut. Workers are really friendly and nice. They were patient with my order and my 2 other friends order as well. Plus donuts were fresh...tasted just like the ones in Maui, right out the oven.
4	Yummy doughnuts!! Hadn't had a Krispy Kreme donut in quite awhile. What a cool surprise to find them in the food court at the Excaliber. My favorite is the Bavarian creme filled.We stopped mid-morning on a Saturday. No line. Donuts were fresh. Coffee was hot. Counter person was friendly.
4	Sometimes you just want a Krispy Kreme donut!  The hubby and I were out for a walk on the strip and said, "hey! We burned some calories today to deserve a donut!"   Good idea or Great idea? I say Great! They are located in the Excalibur Food Court and easy to find.  There wasn't a long line so we were able to pick our donut right away.   The girls working that day were very friendly and upbeat.  I noticed on their down time, they were cleaning and wiping things down.  I didn't notice it being dirty but it was nice to see them keeping everything tidy.  Since it's not a stand alone store, they don't have the selection that you'd find at the larger locations.  But the donuts are still fantastic and fresh!  If you get a chance,  try the Birthday Cake Batter donut of the month!
1	Initially I was excited at the proximity of a Krispy Kreme to the NY NY. Well, I was not impressed with what I found. Granted these locations are counters without fresh baking, however the products just looked sad. Since I was set on purchasing, I bought a dozen since the price was best buying a dozen. The donuts were dry and no where near the quality I am used to having from them. The glazed donuts that are pre boxed and sold in parking lots by kids groups were better than the sorry little things I got the other day.
2	They are expensive. I had a buy 6 and get a free coffee.  I ordered a choc covered creme filled doughnut. He pulled a hidden tray and got one from there. I asked to see it and found the choc on top was only the size of a 50 cent piece. I asked to have it replaced . The rest of the doughnuts were fine. All in all 4 filled and 2 regular doughnuts with 2 coffees. The two coffees were about 3 inches shy of being filled to the top. Kind of feel that place rips you off. With my one free coffee, another coffee and doughnuts $12.
4	Donuts are fresh, service is polite and quick, and there is a decent selection to choose from. Yeah, it is expensive ($6.13 for two donuts and a medium coffee) but look around where you're at. It's on the Vegas strip - Hello??? If you're that put off by the prices here, just stay around the local mom and pop coffee shop of whatever hick town you come from.Coffee is okay but not as good as Canadian Tim Hortons coffee. They also have a small assortment of espressos, lattes and frozen drinks but it's nothing that will make you swear off Starbucks.
3	Time for a midday snack and we came upon a Krispy Kreme in the Excalibur food court on our way to Luxor.  I wouldn't say that I'm a big fan of Krispy Kreme, having tried their doughnuts a few times when travelling to the US.  We were warmly greeted by a young girl working there.  Lots of doughnut flavours to choose from including a pumpkin spice which is the one I should have got.  Instead I got the chocolate iced with kreme filling.  A doughnut is $1.29 and it's not big but enough sweetness and calories for a snack.  The chocolate wasn't sticky and wet, and cream tasted light.  Enjoyed my doughnut but not the best I've had.Good service and lots of doughnuts to choose from.
4	I used to be a fan of dunkin donuts till I came across the Krispy Kreme outlet in Circus Circus, Las Vegas this Christmas. Since its Vegas, everything looked a little pricey, so I just went ahead and bought an original glazed, a chocolate iced glazed donut and a hot chocolate, though the price for a singe donut was a little high. Oh my God! they melted in my mouth.... I simply loved them both, original glazed and chocolate glazed...!!! It was real soft and sweet and tasted fresh.They served it quickly and there were a lot of varieties to select from. I wen't back the next day as well. I wish I had tasted Krispy Kreme donuts before!!! Sadly, Illinois has only 3 stores and kinda far from home. The packed ones you get from Walmart, Jewel osco etc don't taste as good as the fresh ones from the store, but I guess I'd have no choice left!
