4	Only stayed two nights but would be very comfortable with a much longer stay.  We had a 2-bedroom suite and it was HU-uge!  Two masters, I initially took the one closer to the front door before realizing I'd given the kids the king bed.  Mommy don't play that.  I made everyone switch.  Three tvs.  Two ironing boards and irons.  Kitchenette.The layout and amenities was very much like a Residence Inn but maybe a (small) notch cheaper.The pool/hot tub was really nice.  Indoors, clean and completely empty AND open 24 hours!  Who does that?  It's completely separate from the other buildings, so we didn't feel bad when we were having chicken fights at 11:30 pm our first night (jet lag, ya know).  When we checked in we were told many of the guests were "transplants" so we'd most likely have the pool and hot tub to ourselves.  Which made me ask, why would people relocating to the area not want to use the pool?  Doh!  She meant literally transplant PATIENTS at Univ. Hospital or the VA.  I guess I went blond for the weekend...On the map, you'd think there would be major freeway noise as this hotel seriously couldn't get any closer to the beltline.  We heard absolutely nothing.  Either there's good soundproofing or they shut the highway down at midnight.  Also no noise from other rooms.Decent standard buffet breakfast.  Sunday paper had no funnies... Did they take 'em out or don't they do that in Wisconsin??I would totally stay here again.
5	I recommend you stay here if you need a hotel in the area. Comfortable and clean. Stayed here two nights. Breakfast is always really good and really well stocked and FREE. On certain weeknights they serve FREE BEER. FREE BEER. The service at Staybridge is always stellar and this location did not disappoint. Kenny deserves major props. He was really cool.Internet worked great (free too) and everything in the room was in working condition and clean. The sitting area in the lobby was a happening place and very relaxing to kick it and watch sports. Nice place.
5	I recently spoke with the manager regarding extended stays at this location and he provided a tour of the facilities and a couple rooms. I'm extremely impressed with the service and facilities and plan to go here for future visits while in the Madison area.
5	I've stayed here a couple times now.  If I reviewed my first stay if probably would have been 2 or 3 stars. Lucky for them.  Back to my most recent stay.  It was the best experience ever.  (Second to the Double Tree in Carmel, IN.)  I walked in the lobby around 1PM and was greeted by Bobbie.  He was handling the desk by himself and I explained that we would wait in the lobby until they had a room ready (since we were 2 hours early for check in).  My husband was anxious to watch the Bears game so he found a spot in the cozy waiting area with a big screen TV.  Bobbie offered to check us in early and I asked about our accommation request to be near the elevator or an area that would require very little walking.  It appeared that he may have had a challenge with our request.I explained the huge inconvenience with our last visit.  The lady that checked us in, sent us to one of the farthest rooms along the zig zag cooridor.  AFTER we requested a room that required very little walking (due to traveling with a family member on oxygen) and THAT was the best they could do for us?  My husband was exhausted before he was half way to the room.  Needless to say, he didn't want me to request a "closer" room after that.  This is why I give them my request when I book the room.Fortunately for all of us, the extra planning helped. An extra bonus was that Bobbie ask if I was Priority Club Rewards member.  Well I wasn't, but I planned on asking...and of course it slipped my mind.  Thankfully, because Bobbie asked me about it, I am now a Priority Club member! This is great because we will be coming here a few times a year.  Bobbie was really good about explaining the details of the membership and even let me know how I can get extra points online.Did I say how great Bobbie was?  Well...he was everywhere!  He hand-delivered our new membership information to our room (with chocolate and a beverage). Whenever he saw me in the lobby, he always asked if there was anything I needed.  He also helped out with the breakfast buffet in the morning.  He literaly was everywhere!  It's not like he was leaning on the counter when I saw him.  No, he was very proactive in genuinely making his guests feel comfortable.  He's definitely a keeper.  Whenever I'm in the Madison area, I will continue to book at this Staybridge because of my experience and the excellent service that Bobbie provided.
4	So I used the "CHAT ONLINE with an agent" option today.  You can find this link near the top, right side of the screen on the main Overview page on thier website.  I've used this feature with other organizations in the past - so it wasn't really new for me.  I chatted with Vivian and she answered my quick question about dog fees in a timely manner.  That's all I could ask for.  Thanks Vivian!  Since I wasn't able to find "Dog Fee" information on the website, I offer the info here:"Pets allowed with nonrefundable fee of 75 USD per stay. No larger than 80 lbs. Pet agreement must be signed at check in. Call hotel for details. Record of complete and up to date vaccinations required."I hope this helps all the dog lovers out there.  :)
5	I can't say enough great things about this location in Middleton.  Earlier this year, I had a one-bedroom suite for almost three months.  A family member was in the hospital at UW-Madison during this time and this hotel was more than accommodating for the specific needs in our situation.I'm not going to go into the specific details of the accommodations partly to protect individual privacy.  The other reason not to get so detailed is simply because I think the staff went so far out of their way that these "favors" may potentially be abused by other guests if they were aware of the extreme kindness.  As I mentioned, this hotel offered many special accommodations.  This allowed us to truly  feel like we had a "home away from home".  Most of the staff knew me by name.  They were sensitive to the fact that I had a loved one who was in the hospital and critically ill. I wasn't alone in this, though.  There were many other guests in a similar (if not same) situation as me.  This hotel could be a pilot for partnering up with hospitals in a win, win, win scenario that benefits the hotel, hospital, and the guest/patient.  In addition, I would not be surprised if they have special training for their staff in the area of customer service and handling special accommodations.  The manager, Brad, is visible and on-site on a regular basis.  He and his staff organize and manage a social for their guests three nights a week.  The social offers a free meal and drinks (including beer and wine) for a couple hours in the evening. And, as the name describes, it allows their guests an excellent opportunity to socialize.  There are several hotel options recommended by UW and we tried three of them.  This one may be five miles away from the main UW hospital, but it is a straight shot along University Avenue.  Now that UW purchased the Best Western Intowner, there is much more of a push with them recommending their newly owned property to UW patients.  The Intowner is fine, but the best thing going for it is how close it is to the hospital. The Staybridge-Middleton, outshines them in so may ways - indoor pool, hot tub, laundry facility, garage, large suites, kitchenettes, socials, breakfast buffet,and most of all...the staff.Unfortunately, I can not remember all the names of the staff that I would love to thank.  Our housekeeper was perfect.  She cleaned only when we needed it and got to know our preferences.  For instance, she asked if we could use an extra box of Kleenex because she remembered us requesting an extra box the week before.  She always did a great job cleaning and freshening up our room and never invaded our space. I noticed how well the staff work together as a team and support each other when the need arises.  It's obvious that the staff members are cross-trained to manage various work areas and different shifts.  For instance, I first met Bonnie on the shuttle.  She arrived at UW Hospital to pick me up.  She even showed me a quicker route back to the hotel during rush hour.  During my stay, I also saw Bonnie at the front desk, at the breakfast buffet, in the kitchen area, in the dining area, managing the socials, and even came to our suite to fix the television!  It turned out that the remote needed new batteries - which she was prepared for.I also feel like I got to know Ana pretty well since she worked the breakfast buffet many mornings.  Between her and Bonnie, I just don't know how they always seem to make everything run so smoothly.  There is another lady with short blonde hair (sorry, I can't seem to remember her name)  that always worked the socials.  She was so welcoming and learned what I like to eat and drink.  She even encouraged me to take food "to-go"  when I needed to rush back to the hospital.  It was like being with family.Jan, Justin and Bobby are always a pleasure at the front desk.  Not only are they welcoming, but they go out their way to get answers to your questions and take care of any requests.  My final comments are definitely not the least important.  During my stay, I noticed that there was a team of about three housekeeping staff members who appeared to have cognitive/mental disabilities.  I was so pleased to see this and know that this hotel and the manager recognize the need to utilize talents that are so often overlooked. There may have been moments of inconvenience for the guests or perhaps mistakes made by these staff members.  However, this is how they learn and become an integral part of society.  I commend Brad Cook for making diversity a priority.Until my next stay...
5	Location, location, location.  Great place in downtown Middleton.  Close to all of the places you just need to visit, such as the Mustard Museum (yes, you need to go there), Hubbard St. Diner (try the pies or the carrot cake), and definitely go to the live band at the Capital Brewery a block away on Friday night.  Fantastic place to walk and just enjoy the ambiance of a great little town.  Oh, and free breakfast, free food and drinks on Tues-Thurs, free morning newspapers and spacious suites are all wonderful.
