2	After an awesome experience with Lo-lo's, I thought I'd expand my horizon by trying out other soul food places in the area.Bobby C's seem like a cool bar....but unfortunately, it wasn't so cool a place for dinner.  We ordered fried catfish, fried chicken and country fried steak.  They came with sides of dirty rice, corn bread, green beans, collard greens and mac & cheese.  All the fried stuff were decently crispy, but somewhat unseasoned and not particularly memorable.  The sides stood out more...but not in a good way.Rarely do I wish that a restaurant would use Kraft's blue box for the Mac & Cheese, but in this case it would have been an improvement.  The "fresh" green beans has the distinct taste of a tin can.  Corn muffin was dry.  It'll be hard to get me to stray from Lo-lo again
4	If you ain't out lookin for Bobby C's, well, Bobby C just ain't gonna come lookin for you.We all wanna talk about 'hidden gems', and such heavy words are so lightly thrown, but Bobby C's is definitely worth scavenging around downtown for a sample of their southern soul food.A few months have passed since that visit and I can still sense the taste of their gravy topped chicken fried steak with a side of potato salad and dirty rice.  Christ, is that making your mouth drown in yearn?  They've got all the other fixins as well ... smothered pork chops, fried chicken, hot wings, catfish, fried shrimp, meat loaf, collard greens, candied yams, black eyed peas, green bean ... they EVEN have a vegetarian platter (my gf jumped on that grenade for NO reason as she's only about a 60-40 veggie -- but chose the wrong time to sway to the green side.  Um.)The bar itself is limo-dark and festive near the end of proper happy hour time.  We got there about 6 or 6:30 and we were three of about 8 people in there.  By the time we left the dining area and most of the bar was full.  We got Miller Lites cos that how we were rollin this day, I suppose, and we even got to smoke a square in the parking lot with our waitress who was all fired up about something to do with her ex.  She was a badass.They've got live music nights too and what seems to be a semi-formal jazz-supper club.  How they are crushing all of these dynamics into such a tiny space is kind of wondrous.  I couldn't really peg this place properly, so I'm just gonna go ahead and give it another go.  One thing I AM certain of, is this place is leagues better than neighborhood giant Mrs. White's Golden Rule.
3	I'm always the only white guy in here, so that alone can be frightening at times, but one thing you can count on is good music, a good strong drink, and a friendly crowd. The place has a lot of atmosphere and culture, and is very sociable. You will definitely meet a few cool folks if you hang out here long enough.
4	Good food and better music ... A great hang out place... I wont certainly recommend it for a 3 course dinner or such, but definitely a great place to get together with some of your good ol'd buddies... And yeah, chicken wings are awsome !!
4	Fried catfish, side of red beans and rice, along with the yams please. This place never fails to take me back home to Louisiana. The atmosphere is laxed, and for the most part have either a DJ or live music. Order a few drinks while you wait for the grub...the bartenders are point with adding more than enough alcohol. This place is really hidden so keep an eye out.
4	This place reminds me of all hangout places ('katta' in Marathi, my local language!) that we used to go to, back in the day in India... owners, and in general everyone that comes here, are very friendly... food is decent, though I have never gone to this place for food as such... I was going through some reviews here and found that people didn't like to have dinner here... but the problem is not with the restaurant... the real problem is that some people just don't distinguish essence of different places... there are some places where you go to eat and never should care about the ambiance if you really wish to enjoy the food... because the essence of some places is a well prepared food and not ambiance... and some vice-versa... Bobby C's is exactly a place where I don't give a damn whether the preparation is A+ Italians quality with A+ British Victorian class silverware... this, to me, is a place to sit down and relax, listen to some jazz/r&b or similar... hear people sing on karaoke... refresh my soul and mood and get some snoring sleep afterward... that's what this place is to me... a place where I can be with my friends or fiancee, never worry about pockets-picker-rates-menus or same old songs played over and over again till you die of boredom, enjoy some cool music and warm people... to those who hail from India or similar countries where college going students still hang out at 'kattas' with their same-sex friends and don't make fuss of a-be-in-a-relation-or-else-you are-a-gay syndrome, this place is a true american version of 'katta' ..(dang, I miss my college days back in India !)
4	We decided to stop for a bite at Bobby C's tonight before we went to Symphony Hall via Metro Rail. It's right across from the Washington and 12th Street station. The staff were all super friendly and told us that times had been hard during construction, but that now things are so good, they are also open for lunch. They have live music quite often- jazz, Latin jazz, and blues.It took quite a while for our food to come out, but it was really good when it arrived. The mac & cheese was among the best we've had in town, and my Southern fried chicken was four large whole wings with a super savory coating. Totally delicious! They also have a veggie plate- your choice of any 3 of their sides. Hubby had the black-eyed peas (loved 'em!), the yams (sweet and yummy) and mashed potatoes (tasted like boxed to me). They also serve the muffins my husband remembers from his many years  in the South- really sweet and tender like a cross between corn muffins and white cake. The iced tea was really fresh. Somebody tell John V. he doesn't have to be scared anymore. Bobby C's is definitely on the map, and he won't be "the only white guy in here" anymore.
2	Update:I don't mind $8.5 for wings as that is about average for a dozen wings. But when I get them and there are only 6, I'm never coming back to your restaurant. $17 for a dozen buffalo wings? HA! What the hell are you guys thinking?
4	Went to Bobby C's last night and had a pretty good time.  Its a little hard to find when traveling down Washington, but I think that makes it a little bit more awesome.The place is kinda small and quaint and has some cool little tables to sit at...pretty much what I thought of seeing at a place that is supposed to have decent southern food.  Apparently they have live music that plays every now and then, so I'm likely to go back for that.The staff is great and the food is just about as I had imagined - awesome.  I didn't grow up in the south, but when I get a chance to eat some authentic southern food, I am all about it.  My friend mentioned (she swears she wasn't complaining) that the po-boy was served with the wrong bread, but I thought it looked pretty good.  I had some chicken fried stead, green beans, mashed potatoes, and some sweet corn bread - definitely an awesome meal!I will be recommending this to anyone that asks me for any southern food restaurants in the future. :-)
5	Woah, this place is great!  On my first visit I walked in and was immediately greeted by 4 different "hello"'s, "welcome"'s, and smiling faces.  What a warm welcome right off the bat.It was a little hard to find, but once you find it, you will be so glad you did.  Their food is amazing!  I have been twice now and have had their pork chops, hot links, and chicken wings, all were perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, and tasted excellent!  I was a bit hesitant with the hot links, as often they come way too greasy for my taste, but these were grilled to perfection and not overly greasy.  I was very impressed.  I have also tried their dirty rice (spicy and dirty with ground beef, great!), black eyed peas, and their french fries.  The fries were just fries, but seasoned well.... everything else was spot on.  I really enjoyed their dirty rice.  I've had a lot of different types of dirty rice, and this was very unique and very tasty.Their chicken deserves its own paragraph here.  Seriously.  I order their fried chicken "not battered", so they basically season the chicken and drop it in the deep fryer.  OMFG.  I've eaten my share of fried chicken, but their chicken, by far, is better than anything I have ever eaten..... easy.  In fact, my mouth is literally watering as I type this.  Go, eat their chicken. The environment was nice... low light, dark decor, great old school tunes being spun by a dj on the 1's and 2's. Don't worry, if you don't eat wheat or gluten, just tell them and they will make sure your meal is made without, no issues here.  Very accommodating.
5	This place had the most AMAZING meatloaf, fried chicken, and mac & cheese. I also ordered a side of greens which were good but a little too salty for me. I don't order meatloaf at restaurants mainly because I know it'll probably be dry or have no flavor, but I had this feeling that Bobby C's would make it perfectly. I wasn't disappointed. It had this slight crunchiness on the outside that was like little heavenly crunchy bits. The fried chicken beat the pants off of any other soul food restaurant I've been to. It was so juicy and to die for. The mac and cheese was another hit. Next time I'm going to order the mashed potatoes and gravy as well! The staff was really friendly and the atmosphere was loungy with great old school tunes being played on their nice sound system.
3	I had no idea what to expect when a friend picked this place for a late dinner last night.  It's nothing fancy, just plain and simple soul food served in a dark lounge-like setting with some great tunes playing in the background.  Having grown up in the south, I tend to be a little picky as far as my soul/southern food goes, but from what I can tell, Bobby C's comes pretty close to the real thing.  I ordered the fried shrimp with collard greens and mac-and-cheese.  Everything was very good (obviously not good for you, though).  The shrimp tasted great: perfectly battered and lightly fried.  Their special sauce had a nice spicy tang to it.  I also thought the collard greens were delish.  If I had to identify some downfalls, it would be their prices and portions.  Shrimp is expensive, and I got plenty of large shrimps with my $14 platter.  But the two side orders came out in those little monkey dishes you might receive in a school cafeteria.  I would guess that each contained approximately 3 bites of food (very tasty food).  We ended up there because we were hungry and my appetite could have used more.  I've never left a southern/soul food place feeling hungry, ever before, but I did last night.  Maybe it was my inner beast or maybe not.  For $14, I would expect a food baby at this type of place, but didn't come close.  But that is my only complaint.  I would definitely go back if only for the atmosphere and to grab a drink.
4	Bobby C's is what a neighborhood pub is all about.  The fact that it serves up soul food and hosts some amazing music is icing on the cake.But what makes the family owned and operated bar & lounge stand out is the fact that, from the minute you walk it, until you leave, you're treated like a member of their family. with in minuted we were joking and kidding around, a few minutes later, we were being given a tour of the facility, including their overflow seating next door.Until now, it's been a hidden gem with a loyal following of people into live jazz and R&B, or this looking to sate their southern food cravings.  However, with a light rail stop outside, I predict it will be getting a whole lot more attention, (Hint: it is a must stop venue for any Light Rail pub crawls)
3	Went to Bobby C's this weekend as a stop on a Light Rail Pub Crawl. The bar was very cozy on the inside and had live jazz playing. It was my first visit and I would definitely like to go back and spend more time listening to the music and having a couple of drinks.  The only reason this bar lost a couple of stars in my rating because the beers were kind of pricey, $4 for a bottle of Miller Light seems high in my opinion and the bar tender seemed to be miffed by our arrival. Maybe we just got him on an off day.
3	i agree with anita's review.  the beer could stand to be a little cheaper.  the place was dead when we arrived.  NOTE- this is stop #2 on a day drinking venture courtesy of the lightrail and friends celebrating a 30th birthday.  live jazz -4 guys on 4 diff instruments and the cardinals game playing helped make this stop special.  the group we came in with contained about 12 people and we all fit in the bar area but if this place gets packed 4getaboutit!
4	We went to Bobby C's last Sunday after a busy weekend full of activities and were instantly treated like family. Our fried chicken and country fried steak dinners were excellent as was the service. I highly recommend Bobby C's.
2	This Review Brought to you by the Letter "L"Bobby C's has become somewhat of a tradition for us on Light Rail Pub Crawls.  We found them by accident the first time when my friend shoved me off the train and I almost got left behind....The first time we went in, they seemed excited to have our business and we were almost sad to go.The second time they had live music playing, and they wanted to charge a cover.  Since we were only there for one drink, we were about to pass, when they offered us the VIP room.  Basically, they stuck us in a dining room that's not connected to the main bar.  But they brought us our own bartender and hooked us up. Based on the first 2 visits, my review should be higher, but then we went on Friday.  Ok, so a group of 20 already somewhat intoxicated people are somewhat daunting.  Plus - they waived cover if you had an active light rail pass.  Minus - they segregated us into the back room again.  What really gives them this ranking, is that we were drinking the alphabet and were on the letter "L" (bet you didn't see that one coming.)  So we ordered Lemondrops - see they start with the letter L - now it all becomes clear.Ok, not sure what planet they got these "lemons" from - but my god they were terrible.  Ass drops was more like it.  I mean, horrible.  I can't even describe the taste.  We tried dumping sugar into them, no help.  Finally, we poured sprite into the drinks and by plugging our noses, were able to choke them down.  Well, I drank Brian's in addition to my own (I wasn't gonna waste the booze!)We felt pressured to stay, but with no music, no entertainment at all and no decent drinks, we had to boogie back to the train.  Will Bobby C's stay on our rotation, possibly, as it's such a tradition now, I'm just glad we have stops before and after it!
4	Double dated last night for Jazz nite @ Bobby C's. They were very welcoming there. Even though it was our waitresses first night, she did a great job! The enormous fried BBQ shrimp were delicious with the magic white/tangy sauce that was brought out with them. The fried catfish was perfectly cooked and also got a smattering of that delicious sauce. The collard greens were salty, but to the approval of my boyfriend (who can't get enough salt). I balanced the saltiness of the collard greens with the candied yams (I can't get enough sweet)! The portions are generous and once again, that sauce is perfection! We enjoyed the free Jazz that was playing, "The Adam Clark Trio". They were very entertaining, and I suggest seeing them on Tuesday nights. I will definitely be back!!
4	.  Angel, daughter of the Lounge's owner Joy is a HOOT!!  I love her personality.  It's not a fancy place, little hole in the wall type place. They have been open for 8 years and have had a pretty steady following.  There is art on the walls (LOVE the Dizzie Gillespie painting... thinking of buying it) painted by a local artist.  Live music on Wednesdays/Fridays.  Wednesdays step classes (the Al B. look alike) and they have another separate dining-type area.  Wednesday nights they hold something called a conversation party.  Random 5 topics are chosen (we had a peek at last night's conversations) EX:  Are momma's boys a good or bad thing?   What makes a partner in a relationship think they need to start playing games?  What is most important to you in your professional career?Apparently some of these discussions, as you can imagine - adding the alcohol ingredient - can get pretty heated.  It seemed to be a big group last night... 15-20 people.  So after dinner, catfish, PORK CHOPS TO DIE FOR!! So tender, fried hot wings, mac 'n cheese, mashed potatoes, LOTS AND LOTS of hot sauce, we heard the band start warming up.   YES!!  GREAT music.  People walked in wearing their Sunday best and others walked in wearing jeans.  It's an everyone knows everyone's name type of place.  Older people and the younger started trickling in around 8PM.  Definitely a fun experience.  Good times.
4	I loved this place! Although not very diverse in the makeup of the crowd (we were the only Latinos in the place), it had a great vibe and a very friendly atmosphere. The bartenders were awesome and the drinks were great! Angel, the female bartender, was as sweet as can be and chatted with us for a few minutes. She actually grew up in the Bay Area (where I currently live), so it was nice to talk to someone from the area. LOVED HER. Chris, the male bartender, was also very friendly and kept checking with us to make sure we were doing alright. The DJ was playing a mix of Old School Funk with a little R&B, which was great for the relaxed atmosphere. The bar area has cameras showing what's going on on the dance floor in the other room, which was kind of interesting. All in all, we had a great time. I'll definitely be coming back to Bobby C's the next time I'm in Phoenix!
4	I had a Blast a Bobby C's I won sum Concert tickets, Got to learn all kinds of bomb steps... The People were really friendly from employees to the customers. Dj was popping doing his thang, Drinks were rite, Food was even better... I would definitely go back.
3	I really hate to give this place a 3 stars but I'm a pretty harsh critic. Nothing was wrong, but I just know I will never go back... because I haven't.It's a place for older people... which is why I gave it a three stars. Also the drinks were watered down.I went when I first visited Phoenix (before I moved) my aunt and her BF brought me. My Aunt's BF is close with the owner. So we sat at the table with the owner and his daughter laughing and talking. I was the youngest one in the bunch but that didn't matter.I did decided to order their chicken because my aunt said it was super good! So I ordered it and she was RIGHT! I'm not a big fried chicken person, but this was good. It was a very laid back place... so if your older it's PERFECT! If your in your early 20s like me... this place may bore you. All in all it's a ok place... but for sure I won't be going back.
1	Save your money, gas, and time.  Over priced and food took way too long to get to our table.  I went once before and it was ok the second time I was sad I spent dateNight here with friends.  I was embarrassed we suggested this place.  You want great chicken go to Lolos in Phoenix!  Sorry.
