4	Always pains me to give this good of a review to a chain but Chart House held up thier end of the bargin. I showed up with my 3 year old daughter early for our 6:30 reservation. They offered to seat us at our table or a nice lounge booth. We chose the booth quickly served us a Corona and Shirley Temple with Extra cherrys. My daughter thought the Corona was perfectly chilled:) We were seated in a timely manner when the rest of the party arrived. They had no issue with a partial order so we got app's in. Ordered the 2007 Willamette Valley Vinyards Pinot Noir. Waiter came back with 08 he didn't notice the difference. Once I brought it to his attention he offered a Cali Pinot that was slightly more expensive. I stuck with the 08 it was still  good pretty light but the second half of the bottle opened up and had a little better finish. Apps were great Spring Rolls, Avacado crab mango stack, and Prosciutto-Fontina- rocket -balsamic- sliders. They were all great but those Sliders were the Belle of the Ball.....Damn tasty!  Entrees were two Blue cheese filets, one Fish-n-Chips(I just had a craving), and one kids menu Co Co Shrimp. Steaks were cooked right with plenty of bleu and carmelized onions. Fish-n-Chips were a little disappointing not entirely crisp and the chips was a melange of fries, plantains, and other random stuff. The CoCo Shrimps were a big hit with The Bean. All in all a solid dinner in beautiful setting(Love the huge aquarium)
5	This place was such a pleasant surprise.  In all my trips to Vegas, I haven't spent much time downtown.  We were meeting a photographer at the Golden Nugget this time, though, so we decided to explore a little.  The Chart House lured us in with their gorgeous decor and particularly their giant aquarium in the middle.  What was going to just be a drink and apps turned into dinner. We started out with a yummy Hummus trio- I especially liked the Edamame flavor, which was refreshingly different.  For dinner, I had the seafood mixed grill: mahi, mediterrenean shrimp, and a crab cake.  It was all fantastic, especially the shrimp.  I could eat that shrimp every day for the rest of my life.  The fiance had a NY Strip- beautifully cooked and tender.  We also got a side of fried mac n' cheese and it was heavenly.Service was top-notch.  The mango mojito was fantastic, too.  This is just a great place for a really nice, but not pretentious, meal on Fremont Street.
5	I really love this place, I called ahead made a reservation for one. I was seated by the aquarium which is so serene I immediately fell in love. My server was so helpful and nice. The food was so good and the drink menu was fantastic.I seriously recommend this place to anyone going downtown, I absolutely fell in love.
5	Lovely atmosphere, excellent service (the manager even dropped by), and very good seafood - especially for Las Vegas and more especially for downtown where we've struggled in the past to find a good restaurant (in our opinion).Lobster bisque was delicious (though the temperature could have been warmer).  The bread basket had some very nice selections - the brown bread was our favorite.  Husbands fish and chips were cooked to perfection with lots of extra "crumblies" along with the fried haddock and french fries that included some fried slivers of sweet potato and plantains to make the dish truly interesting.  My Halibut La Griglia with champagne grape sauce was topped with a generous portion of lump crabmeat and came with a side of saffron risotto, grilled asparagus and roasted tomato.  The halibut was cooked to perfection - moist and flaky and the sauce was not overpowering.  The saffron risotto had a beautiful flowery taste and the grilled vegetables were a perfect accompaniment. Good wine and cocktail selection and service.  Definitely the place to eat downtown.
2	Not so great. I know what the Chart House is capable of having been to the San Diego location before. My guest had the braised short ribs which tasted like high school hot lunch pot roast with a sauce drizzled on top. Even the server said a lot of guests complain about it. The Oysters and the Menage soup were definitely the highlights and had I not dropped almost $200 on the meal, I would have scored it higher. I don't mind paying for a good meal, but I should have been blown away by my experience and it was lackluster at best. Service was mediocre as it took almost 10 minutes just to get greeted. 2 different managers walked by our table multiple times and never stopped once to make sure we had been helped (out water glasses were empty and the extra place setting had not been taken away so it was obvous nobody had greeted us yet). It felt like a typical Vegas restaurant that can afford to be crappy b/c they have a great location with a ton of tourist traffic. Too bad for them this local won't be back nor will I ever recommend this place to anybody.
4	Took perverse glee in watching the critters in the strikingly beautiful aquarium while eating their kin.Ask for seating in the area "behind" the bar, meaning on the opposite side of the aquarium. You get a full-field-of-vision view of the aquarium and it's a little more private so that you're not part of the show.Be sure also to talk with your server about what's fresh and to me, if you're at a seafood place, get seafood. Skip the land-based options (ribs, steak).
5	Service was awesome.  They sat us in front of the Aquarium so we had a great view.Drinks were good along with our appetizers which were oysters and a mango crab tower.  Had the seafood variety dishfor our entree, was just alright, but I still give this place a 5 star.
3	I was a bit skeptical taking my 2-year old to this restaurant... lots of glassware and silver ware and such within her reach... but the staff didn't mind, so we didn't either.9 PM reservation on a Tuesday night.... the place was pretty dead.   Maybe only 2 or 3 more parties and a couple of people at the bar. We were seated quickly in booth/table.I started with some kind of Mango Mojito that wasn't very Mango-y or very Mojito-y.  Had half a glass of red wine that our dinner dates had brought in. Stuck with water after that.To start, we had the fried asparagus (whole spears, deep-fried and topped with diced tomatoes and a yummy bleu cheese butter), bruschetta sliders (tasty, but I'd sooner call them mini prosciutto blt's than sliders), tempura shrimp kushi (crispy shrimp tempura on a skewer with a chunk of avocado on the end... a little greasy, but that's not always a bad thing). At 2 and a half, my daughter's usually good at ordering for herself, but she was a little fussy this night.  For some reason she wanted meatballs (which they didn't have) so I ordered her the sliders off of the kid's menu.  Close enough.I ordered a beet salad (amazing) and the lobster francaise (alright).  Fresh roasted beets, candied nuts, bleu cheese, mandarin oranges.  Light, refreshing, perfect balance of salty and sweet.  I could have had this salad for lunch and been satisfied.  The lobster francaise was just alright.  A little greasy and heavier on the batter than I was expecting.  Also, the angel hair pasta and asparagus that came with it were a bit overdone (pasta was almost mushy and the asparagus wasn't bright green).Our table shared a side of "skinny fries and friends"; we ordered them out of curiosity...who are these "friends"? haha. just alright. matchstick fries, fried plantains and fried sweet potato chips. needed to be seasoned...little salt and pepper, maybe?  My boyfriend ordered the creamed spinach. It was a large serving.  It wasn't as creamy as I like and I like mine with a bit of bacon in it.We also tried the fried mac and cheese...and were disappointed.  It looked pretty. A nice, big, golden-brown cube of deep fried mac and cheese.  Only, the mac wasn't cheesy enough.  And it got cold pretty fast.Dessert is usually a must for me but my daughter went from sweet little angel to naughty little girl in the blink of the eye.  She was flirting with the bartender.  She was climbing into other booths and running up and down through the set tables. I was probably more nervous than the staff.  My boyfriend and I decided to do dessert on Fremont Street instead.Bottom Line:Classy restaurant with a cool fish tank.  The food was decent but the company we kept definitely made the meal.  I would come here again if we decided to have another "Staycation" but  I don't think I'd make the journey downtown JUST for this restaurant.
4	Awesome!Great service, awesome food and memorable drinks.What more could you ask for?  Ate here with the wife and some of our close friends. Everyone had a good time.For the quality of food and the service, it is reasonably priced. I had the Tuna and it was absolutely sushi grade.BTW. if you are hanging out downtown on a weekday,  Chart House has a great happy hour from 2-6 pm on weekdays in their bar. $5 appetizers and $5 drinks. We took advantage of it multiple times while we were in Vegas. Chocolate Martini and Humus Trio are excellent.
4	Ever since my first visit to a Chart House in Santa Barbara, I have been in love with this restaurant and seek it out every time I travel.The Mixed Grill is always good, and my favorite entree is the Macadamia Encrusted Mahi-Mahi.  It was still awesome.  I usually try the award-winning clam chowder for an appetizer, but this time I went with the soup trio to still get the chowder as well as the bisque and the gazpacho.While all Chart House locations are usually built around some water-related view, I had read that this Las Vegas location was built with a view of the shark tank.  It wasn't.  It's true there was a view of a large salt water aquarium but not a view of the shark tank that makes up the middle of the Golden Nugget swimming pool, which was very disappointing.  It's a much smaller version of the other Chart Houses I've been to, and the server didn't ask us if we wanted to order the Chocolate Lava Cake when we placed our original order (which you have to do since it takes so long to make), so I forgot to order it and was a little bummed, but the food was still awesome nevertheless.Park in the Golden Nugget parking garage and make sure to hit the left end of the Cashier Cage to push your parking ticket under the validator before you leave, so you don't have to pay for parking.
5	The meal I had here is  one of the top ten meals I've had in my life. Everything I ordered and everything my friends ordered came out perfectly prepared. When we made the reservations they asked if we were celebrating something special. We told them we were celebrating our friend's birthday. When the menu was given to us her name and special birthday greeting was printed at the top of the page. I highly recommend the Bruschetta Sliders and the Hummus Trio as an appetizer. The Chilean Sea Bass was the best cooked fish I've ever had. The service was great. Our waiter was very attentive, every time he cleared our plates he also cleared our table cloth of crumbs. When I asked him for a wine suggestion he recommended two and brought out two samples for me to try. The atmosphere is like most nice restaurants, but there is a huge fish tank for you to enjoy.
5	My husband and hosted our wedding dinner at the Chart House in the Golden Nugget this past weekend--it was an excellent choice!First of all, the atmosphere is dead-on. There is a huge fish tank situated in the center of the space, with a bar and cocktail lounge in front and the dining area in the back. The decor is dramatic without being overly fancy or stuffy, so you can enjoy a nice meal with friends without feeling self conscious or worried that you might use the wrong fork or commit some sort of social faux pas.The staff was very courteous, friendly and attentive. Our waiter helped us select an excellent bottle of wine, and no-it wasn't the most expensive on the menu. Courses were brought out in a timely manner without being rushed, and water glasses were always filled. We joked with our waiter, who was more than willing to take our group picture and pose in pictures with us.  We enjoyed our experience there so much that we went back for a second meal and received the same great service and food.Here's what our group had:East Meets West Appetizer - So delicious! If you like raw tuna this is the best.Tempura Shrimp KushiMenage Soup Trio -  Lobster Bisque, Clam Chowder and Gazpacho. Each one was excellent, especially  the bisque.Crab Stuffed Shrimp--this was my favorite! Rich, creamy filling.Miso Glazed SalmonChilean Sea Bass -- I really enjoyed this but if you are on a budget there are some cheaper menu items that are just as good.Macadamia Crusted MahiPan Seared ScallopsLobster Tail -- it was a very generous size and so good, but be aware that market price was $75.I can't wait for our next special occasion--the Chart House will be on the top of my list!
4	The lobster bisque was very nice and the bread cooked on request was great. Burger was over done, but the fish tacos were good.
5	Went here for a family birthday and went in with a certain plan of what we were all going to order. We had seen a special coupon from the CH web site. We all had experienced the food at many CH restaurants across California.The several person tall fish tank was the most amazing thing to see right away. We were seated several rows away from it but observed it the entire night. The server was very nice and came back many times more than other waitresses usually do.The coupon ended up being a bit of a hassle, as no one knew how to deal with something they had never seen. The manager had to get involved, but he visited the corporate website to confirm the details.After this, everything was fine and we ordered dessert. I remember the dessert was prepared well and everyone enjoyed what they ordered.I have not once had a bad experience at a Chart House since visiting many over the past 10 years, this one included.
3	Christmas day and my wife and I didn't want to make dinner. Our requirements for eating out: 1) no buffets and 2) it had to have a kid menu. After calling around and finding out that many "good" restaurants weren't kid-friendly we ended up making reservations at the Chart House, located in the Golden Nugget.Walking into the lobby of the  hotel it was easy to spot the restaurant. Just look for the large aquarium behind the registration desk. The entrance to the Chart House is a small set of steps to the right of registration. There really isn't a hostess stand so if there's no one to greet you chances are you'll wander around the lounge trying to figure out where to check in. My first impression of the restaurant was that I thought it was going to be bigger. Sure, the aquarium looks cool, but I pictured something bigger with a much larger dining room surrounding it. The reality is that the room feels cramped and poorly laid out.As far as the food, many of the seafood dishes were the weakest ones we tried. Isn't seafood supposed to be their specialty? //Appetizers//- East meets west tuna: a duo of tuna tartare with a wasabi sauce and plantain chips and seared tuna with sliced avocado and cole slaw. It wasn't bad, but the slightly mushy texture made me think it wasn't the freshest fish around.- Menage Soup: three small cups of gazpacho, lobster bisque and clam chowder. All were good with the lobster bisque being the best of the three.//Entrees//- New wave surf and turf: short ribs with a cabernet demi-glaze and seared scallops in a ginger soy sauce. The short ribs were fork tender and delicious but the three tiny scallops were gritty.- Alaskan king crabs: 1.5 lbs of steamed crab legs. My wife didn't like the taste at all. I didn't think they were that bad, but the quality definitely seemed to be comparable to crab legs at a buffet.- grilled chicken breast and fries. This was my kid's order. He was hoping for chicken tenders but had to settle for this, which turned out to be over cooked and dry. But he enjoyed the fries.Our server was good. He was a slightly older guy who was friendly, very attentive, and even made all of us feel welcome even though we were the only ones with a kid in the restaurant.I thought the place was a-ok. My wife, on the other hand, was extremely disappointed and couldn't wait to get out. Although her opinion may have been influenced by the fact that she used to work at a Chart House back east. I always liked the chain. They're not the fanciest places and don't have Michelin quality food, but for a chain you could do a lot worse.
5	This was a great place to eat and drink, was very impressed with the food and service.  Must visit if in Vegas, the Golden Nugget was the best place to visit.
4	We were staying at the Golden Nugget, which has been completely re done. The pool area is sick, but let's talk food.We went here for dinner and to start off we got the Calamari, which was different they any other Calamari, it was more like tempura, which veggies and other deep fried items along with calamariNext my wife and I split the Clam Chowder, i wish we didn't i wanted it all to myself. But i know we couldn't take anything home so i didn't want to be stuff for dinner, but the Clam Chowder was great. I would almost say award winningFor dinner i got the Seared Chilean Sea bass one of the best Chilean Sea bass ever, the risotto was cooked to perfection and the lobster and jumbo lump crab was just the icing on the cake. The Sea Bass didn't have a fishy taste and just fell apart with the fork. I'm getting hungry just writing this.My wife got the Miso Glazed Salmon she loved it, i tried a bit, but i felt that my dish was so superior that her dish just tasted ok. But my wife had the same passion for her dish as i did for mine.Even if you are on the strip this place is worth the drive just to eat here.
2	call me old school but the Chart House is not what it used to be. I grew up in SoCal and used to go to the ones in Redondo and Malibu. they would have a basic steaks, seafood menu. the menus were actually wood planks. They now offer all this new cuisine which basically adds up to smaller portions for more money. They used to serve humungous Australian Lobster tail...now it's iny "cold water lobster". The Chart House would be a place for hungry sailors and surfers. Now it's more of a corporate chain trying to compete with the McCormicks and Shmidts of the world.
5	Based on the incredible seared Chilean Sea Bass, this place gets 5 stars!!!!!  It was simply outstanding.   Cooked to perfection and very well balanced flavor.  Before I ate here, I had my doubts about a seafood chain restaurant being on this level, but they have won me over!Not the quietest dining experience, but the service was also very attentive.
4	Loved loved the tuna tare tare with wasabi cream, fried Mac + Cheese, and Yellowfin Tuna w/ saffron risotto. I couldn't get enough!  The Bleu cheese stuffed filet mignon was dull in comparison. I was a bit disappointed with the desert selection. I would have liked to see a bit more adventure as I desperately wanted to close the night with a sweet treat, but nothing sounded good enough to waste more calories. Boo.
4	I used to come here a lot for lunch, which is a good deal.  I've never been to this location for dinner until last night.  It definitely gets more crowded for lunch than dinner.The food is excellent.  We had the pan seared scallops ($29) and the seared chilean sea bass ($38) which were both very tasty.  Also the sizzling mushrooms as a side ($8), which were also very good.  I love mushrooms.The best part was the shrimp cocktail ($15) which comes with dry ice!  Really cool effect. The service was very attentive but I got the constant "upsell" vibe from our server.  She kept pushing certain products and wanted us to join the frequent diner club.  I know this place is a chain but they need to let their server lay off and be themselves.The fish tank is really cool and makes for good conversation.  If it seems to pricey for dinner, check it out for lunch where the prices are less and the portion sizes are about the same.
4	We made reservations to Chart House on my birthday since we were going to be downtown for the St. Patrick's day festivities and I had a pretty decent group with me. Having dinner in front of the fish tank was awesome but made me wonder if the fish I was eating was the lucky one to get plucked outta the tank. I was surprised that they had made a personalized menu for my table. Apparently they ask if anyone is celebrating a special occasion when you call to make reservations. I thought this was pretty cool. Plus they let me keep the personalized menus. A very nice gesture.Ok on to the food, the sea bass with saffron risotto was tasty. I think I enjoyed that better than my dish. I had the stuffed flounder, which was good but the flounder had no flavor and a little dry until you mixed it with the crab. The sea bass though, mmm. I also heard that the jumbo stuffed shrimp, surf & turf, and fish & chips were very enjoyable. Overall the experience was awesome especially since it was in downtown. Our waiter Eddie was funny, very helpful and willing to split our checks. Towards the end of our dining experience, they brought out their Hot Chocolate Lava Cake and Eddie initiated the Happy Birthday song. Kudos to this guy! I heart Downtown Vegas and find it appealing when you find these hidden gems in that area.
5	The food was amazing!
3	A typical seafood restaurant. Everything was good, just not great. I had the Caesar salad and it was pretty good, well dressed and I enjoyed it. Then I had the scallops with saffron risotto and the flavors were there but the portion was really small for almost $40 I expected a bit more. Service was attentive and the fish tank is nice but nothing really special.
5	Huge aquarium, great drinks, excellent service and fantastic food - does it get any better?We arrived at the Golden Nugget late Saturday night and were looking for a decent place to eat. We had no idea what the Chart House was all about when we sat down, but we quickly noticed how everything was top-notch. As I was unfolding my white napkin to place on my lap, the hostess stopped me and handed me a black napkin - so the napkin wouldn't leave white lint on my black dress. How attentive and thoughtful!Drinks: ultimate margarita and strawberry daiquiri - Both were excellent.Appetizer: hummus sampler - Regular, red pepper and edamame hummus served with bread pieces and plantain chips. I really loved the green taste of the edamame. This was probably enough for three people.Entree: filet mignon - This comes with mashed potatoes, though they're not mentioned on the menu. I also ordered a loaded baked potato. Everything was excellent, especially the filet which was exactly medium well as requested.Dessert: chocolate lava cake - This is out of this world. It takes 30 minutes to create after ordering, so order before you're done with your meal. The cake comes with ice cream, hot fudge and Heath bar pieces. Ah-mazing!This would be a great place for a romantic dinner, but it was also perfect for the large wedding party sitting behind us.
4	Located in the Golden Nugget Casino on Fremont Street.What a cool restaurant!  It has a huge fish tank in the middle of it!  Obviously, they specialize in seafood but also serve up some good land lovers food.  An assortment of breads were served immediately after we were seated (no reservations needed on the Thursday night we dined there).  Shortly, afterwards we were presented our bottle of wine.Everything is al a carte at Chart House, so be careful not to over-order like us!  We start off our hunger excursion with two salads.  My fiance ordered a caesar* which was average tasting, and I devoured a spinach salad* (YUMMO)!  The salads were both quite large, so you may want to split some of your dishes up.  And because my fiance's eyes are larger than his stomach, he ordered a bowl of clam chowder*.  This too was quite large.  He said it was one of the best clam chowders he's ever had!(*Pictures of items)As most of you Yelpers know, I am a steak lover!  More to the point, a filet mignon lover.  Chart House served a decent filet for a seafood place, though defintely NOT the best I've ever had.  It was large, plump, and cooked near perfectly.  For sides, we ordered the asparagus and fried mac and cheese.  I didn't try the asparagus but did try the fried mac.  It was good but way too big and heavy.  It could've been a meal in itself.I guess we were hungrier than we thought that night because we had to take a doggy bag home...  Chart House is a beautiful restaurant that is well-kept.  Service was on par and prices were average for a restaurant of this caliber.
2	Way over priced for what you get.  Fish was small portion and dry.  Had Halibut and Salmon dishes.  Service was good, but took forever to get your food.  Not very crowded either.  The location of this restaurant is behind the check in desk making it feel like you aren't really in a choice position to drop 100 bucks on dinner for two without wine!  I would NEVER eat here again. Dry bread and crackers w/ whipped butter.  And,  40 dollars for a small piece of halibut 1/2 thick...w 15 string beans...come on....!!! Salmon was good, but nothing to rave about.
1	how could you screw up a fried fish platter? very easily at the CH in vegas!every thing was over salted and the breadding was was soggy like it came off the bottom... it was gross ! Sorry CH just had to pay for cadada. it's lucky that 18% included on the bill. the best thing is the lava cake.
5	We had planned to see the Fremont Experience light show and reserved this restaurant after reading all the great reviews. Chart House did not dissapoint - good service, great food! Even my boyfriend, who's usually ambivalent regarding food, really enjoyed the place and still raves about it. He had the prime rib and I ordered the crab stuffed shrimp. Both were delicious, and portion sizes just right. TIP: Definitely try the crab cakes -YUMMM!
4	The Golden Nugget has certainly improved since my last trip to Vegas. The Chart House space is beautiful and modern. There's a huge fish tank in the center of the space. If you're seated at the bar, it'd be quite a view. The menu was similar to other Chart House restaurants I've been to. We had the Hummus appetizer, which was perfect to share while we had our cocktails. We shared 3 salads: the chopped, heirloom tomato, and roasted beet. We liked them all. For dinner: 2 pasta/seafood combinations, sea bass, lamb chops, and a twist on surf & turf (seared scallop and short ribs). The only disappointment was the short ribs (tender but flavorless). The portions were so generous, no room for dessert. All in all an enjoyable meal.
4	I stay at Golden Nugget almost every time I go to Vegas and I haven't had the opportunity to dine here until this past  August.  In fact, I didn't even notice that it was a restaurant.  There's a huge fish tank and I saw people sitting around but I always assumed it was a lounge.  I had the raw oysters to start and they were delicious.  The presentation was very pretty and I was a bit skeptical because when dishes look pretty, they don't typically taste too good.  But that wasn't the case here.  I then moved on to my trio of soups which was also very good.  My main course were the scallops and I substituted the starch for fried rice, which came in the shape of a pyramid.  Overall the service was great, the atmosphere was great and the food was delicious.  Now that I know this place exists, I'll be back more often!
3	Hmmm, go for happy hour and get the appetizers.  Watch the time, too, because if you dont get your drink order in....they won't honor it.  I was close at getting my last drink, but the rest of my party was denied.  Bartender said Verizon time and we all had Verizon phones, so we looked.  It was 12 min before the hour. I had asked for a drink TWICE already so I got mine, but the others were S.O.L.  We still had more and then closed out the tab and proceeded on to the dining area for $350.00.Oysters were YUM, bread was good, main meal was just ok.  Atmosphere is amazing with the unicorn fish, especially.  Honestly, I would rather go back to Triple Sevens Brewery at Main Street Station though for more Pumpkin Ale and good sandwiches.  Anyhow....  It's vegas so you are paying high dollar for mediocre food.  It's just what it is.  Enjoy!!!Didnt get to try a desert, but they looked fab!
3	It's been a little over a year since the last time I ate here....This time we left the kid with a sitter and came with a couple of grown ups (technically).  We had just come from some LVMMA fights at the Hilton and were kind of tipsy... I mean, hungry.The general consensus: We should have just ordered apps.... not entrees.Once again we went with the calamari and fried mac and cheese as well as lobster spring rolls that were on their special 40th or 50th anniversary menu (like I said... we were too .... hungry.... to remember the details).  The spring rolls were more like massive egg rolls, but tasty nonetheless. I ordered the amazing beet salad again and was stuffed before entrees came out.As for the entrees, we ordered 2 Chart House platters, free range chicken and the shrimp scampi. The platters were huge and greasy (lobster tail, coconut shrimp, more calamari, french fries.... all deep fried and chewy).  The chicken was small but I guess it was good enough for my lover (who's watching his weight haha) and the scampi "tasted like Pasta Roni".Our server was a nice enough guy but  I probably won't be coming back here for dinner for at least another year... we'll stick to the 99cent foot longs and fried oreos from Mermaids across the street.Happy Eating!
4	We had been to the Golden Nugget buffet for many years thinking that was the best this downtown hotel had to offer. We were wrong.Leaving our money at Binion's tackino, we entered the GN and searched for a nice sit-down restaurant with a menu.  We found the Chart House, sort of a rose among the thorns. The four of us had four great meals, all first class, while mesmerized by the huge aquarium in the center.  The service was excellent along with the great Fisherman's Platter, lobster, tenderloin, topped with a chocolate lava cake.  My wife ate the cake and I ate the ice cream topping.   We'll skip the buffet every time!
2	Maybe they were short staffed, but ate here for the first time last weekend and wasn't impressed.  Hostess and wait staff weren't attentive and very slow...for the price of dinner for two, I expected more.  Food wasn't that great either.  We had crab claws, sword fish and scallops.  Didn't taste very fresh...Have had much better at this chain else where.  Atmosphere was 5 stars...fish tank is amazing.  Will give them another chance in future in hopes that food and service will match atmosphere next time!
3	Just like the other Chart House restaurants, the food is fresh and made to order plus  atmosphere really can't be beat.  If you want to see the most amazing fish tank you've ever seen, this is the place.  Even though it is an open restaurant in the Golden Nugget, the noise level isn't noticeable.
5	Such a great dinner here! We sat next to the huuuge aquarium, and ate our selves silly. Awesome fried mac and cheese, and our fish were cooked perfectly! Great decor and ambiance, and it's a nice swanky spot near the Fremont Street Experience.
5	Thank Goodness! for kind hearted, decent, honest people. Friendly, efficient server was fabulous! She made our experience much better, than I was anticipating. Traveling with elders is very tough, particularly when they start getting moody and hungry. I had to cancel the dinner reservation, because we needed to show up and eat earlier than anticipated. No problem here. We enjoyed good food at reasonable prices. Many Thanks!
1	BUYER BEWARE. Please pay cash when eating here. The service was extremely slow - I left a 10% tip which was probably too high - then Maggie, the server added another 20% to to check that I have disputed with Amex.
5	I may not add anything new, but this was my experience.  The Chart House, located inside the Golden Nugget is first class all the way.  The modern decor and attentive, professional staff lends itself to a rewarding meal.  We were there for a business dinner with clients from out of town.  The wait was minimal and the reservation time was met spot-on.  No alchohol involved, but the ice water and tea were served with smiles and efficiency.  Appetizers of calemari (and friends/thin sliced sweet potato fries and other tasty things) and bruschetta sliders got the talk started on the tasty tidbits.  For my entre', I selected the 8oz filet that came with a side of mashed potatos that I wish I could make at home.  The beet was perfectly seasoned, perfectly grilled to a nicely pink medium and was as tender as it needed to be.  My co-horts selected prime-ribs and a variety of the seafood plates, including the mixed seafood grill (which is on my "next time" list).  To cap off a great main course, we wrapped things up with a totally awesome slice of mud-pie that was meant to feed at least the seven of us.  Portioned nicely by our server, everyone was able to leave the table totally satisfied with a slightly mocha aftertaste.Highly recommended for locals and visitors alike, this was quite the enjoyable experience.
5	My wife and I went here for Valentine's Day.  I was a little concerned because it is inside the old Nugget Casino and I thought it might be a little ratty.  Boy was I wrong.  I guess they have completely redone the place because it looks incredible inside.The restaurant itself was amazing as well.  Our salads were great, the crab-mango-pineapple appetizer was to die for, and our entrees were quite fresh and delicious.Really pleasantly surprised at how good the seafood was.  Highly recommended!
1	Terrible service, terrible food and horribly overpriced!  Truly the worst king crab legs, salmon and side items I have ever experienced.  Do not try to change anything, they will act like you are evil and treat you awful.  It was my birthday dinner and they did not even offer a dessert item!  The manager was terrible also along with the server Red Lobster is far superior in both service and food quality for 1/2 to 1/3 the cost.  It is sad because the Golden Nugget is awesome and Vic and Anthony's is amazingly great food and service!Wayne Gorsek
3	This place was OK. the prime rib was good but not the beat I ever had.  The waitress was cool which almost made this a 4.  Asparagus was not the best. ClamChowder is very good.   Lava cake was to die for. We were stuffed and still ate it all.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! Great atmosphere, the fish tank at the center of the restaurant is really cool...waitstaff and managers were extremely friendly...only waited 5 minutes for a table with no reservatfion on saturday night last week...drinks were delish! had their top shelf mojito YUM and my friend had their special bloody mary and loved it...menu was unique...we went with the soup trio -clam chowder (pretty good), lobster bisque (very good) and gazpacho (amazing)!!! I had the short ribs and scallops for dinner and was really good as well...the short ribs did have a burnt kind of taste but was still good...and the scallops were soooo good...i'd def go back again!
4	Spent a few evenings here at the bar... the fish are large, the drinks are stiff, the bartenders are friendly, and the appetizers are tasty. I recommend the sizzling mushrooms, which were an ample portion and perfectly cooked.
3	Our seafood was fresh and beautifully prepared, and our waiter was pleasant and professional.  So why only three stars?Upon arrival we were "greeted" by a pretty enough but sullen young woman who seemed put out that we were there.  She picked up a couple of menus and just started walking...no "right this way" or anything else.  It was just kind of an unwelcome feeling.The room feels a little tight, so i would next time request a booth for a little more intimacy.But the food really was good seafood and well prepared.  I would definitely go back, even knowing that i might be an inconvenience to the leggy brunette hostess.
4	I really liked the ambiance of the Chart House.  From our comfortable, contemporary booth unusual looking fish swirled about before our eyes in a large and tall tube-type aquarium while we dined.  The place was sleek and modern, beginning with two 6-foot hostesses in black miniskirts, appearing much like human bookends, who confirmed our reservation and gave us a friendly greeting when we arrived.  The aqua floor upon entry looked like water, which added to the sea mystique.Our first dish was dramatic, with a nice presentation of true meaty jumbo shrimp that were shooting off steam from dry ice.  A complimentary bread basket was small, but it was ample for 2 diners, and contained good brown and white bread, as well as tasty rolls.  New England Clam Chowder was good but unusually crunchy from celery, while Diane dealt with a Lobster Bisque that was rather heavy on the brandy.  Sauteed Mushrooms were juicy, and this side was very large and lasted all the way to dessert, but the sauce on the sizzling skillet was not that tasty.  However, a lovely chopped Spinach Salad with egg, mushrooms, and red onion was.  What I particularly liked about this dish is that the various parts were presented in side by side fields of color: a column of yellow egg placed next to a column of green lettuce, and so forth.  Then it was left up to the diner to toss all ingredients and the fine dressing together as desired, which I found to be fun rather than an annoyance.I then enjoyed a good pan-fried pink Salmon enhanced by a blanket of crisp prosciutto, while Diane ultimately enjoyed  very tasty Stuffed Flounder.  I know, because I tried it too!  But, the Flounder that was originally brought to the table had to be sent back, because the first batch was too spicy for my spouse's delicate palate.  I appreciated that the request for a less spicy breaded Flounder was cheerfully accommodated, and although it took awhile for a new entree to be cooked, the manager personally brought out the replacement, and it was made just as requested.  We also shared a side of great Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes, and I had fine Green Beans presented on my plate.Our dessert of a Chocolate Souffle that had properly risen was good but not what we expected to receive.  It was real airy--more like a tasty meringue than a sumptuous souffle.Service was impeccable!  It was attentive, and there was not one service error by our very competent female server.  In fact, the worst thing that occurred happened days after the meal when all photos of the food but one were lost in a failed effort to store them in a backup drive.  Hence, the single photo that appears with this review.  But at least that photo was taken just after a slew of dishes had been placed on the table.  This was the first and only time my photos for a Yelp review were totally lost before they were loaded on the restaurant's site.  May it be the last!
3	There is no doubt this is a beautiful restaurant.  Nice plush location just inside the lobby of the new Rush Tower at the Golden Nugget.  Very casual/contemporary and comfortable.  It sits beautifully surrounding a large aquarium.Service was as good as can be expected for this type of establishment.  Service staff were friendly, attentive, knowledgeable and quite good.Started with a Mojito for me and a Mango Mojito for my lovely spouse.  We were both very pleased, these were 5 star drinks.  Also had the crab stack and it was another home run.Then onto the main meal...the CH Specialty and the Mixed Plate.  Let's just say, we are both seafood snobs having lived a long time in Vancouver, BC and Seattle.  Sadly, the main courses were just average.  Really not too much better than a Red Lobster or similar chain place.  That's kind of sad.But with the great location, super drinks, friendly and helpful staff we came away pleased.  Just would like to report that the main course was superb, but it just wasn't , so only 3 stars for me.
5	Strawberry Margaritas!  Whoot Whoot!  If you can find it, this place has the best Strawberry Margaritas in the world!  Well my world, that's all that matters.  There pricey I want to say about $12.00 for about a 10 oz   But talking about heaven!
4	As a first-time guest at the Golden Nugget, I was impressed with the hotel. And Chart House definitely helped with that sentiment. The ambiance was great, loved the lighting coming from the aquarium. We have a Chart House in Honolulu, but the ambiance is nothing like this.Our appetizers were good. I really loved our East Meets West, sliced seared ahi and ahi tartare with plantain chips with some sort of slaw. The bruschetta sliders were good, but not super memorable. However, the crab cake in my entree (the Mixed Seafood Platter, I believe...?) was one of the best. Like, actual chunks of crab and lighter on the bread crumbs. And when your server encourages you to order dessert at the same time as the rest of the meal, you do it. They say that the dessert takes a bit of time to make. Our molten cake (with Heath crumbles!) came out and we. Mopped. It. Up.Overall, this was a great place and really adds to the Golden Nugget experience. Would definitely go back!
5	Excellent. We enjoyed this restaurant very much. Our waitress Carla was very friendly and attentive. The pan seared swordfish was great. The chocolate lava cake was heaven on earth.  We also tried the calamari appetizer which was excellent. The avocado, mango, crabcake appetizer was also very good. We were stuffed and happy.
4	sit by the aquarium!
3	The 75,000 gallon aquarium over the bar was the main draw for me to visit Chart House recently, and since it's a higher end Landry's property, I thought the food would be exceptional. Unfortunately, that was not the case on this visitI started with the soup sampler and while the clam chowder was good, the gazpacho and lobster bisque were underwhelming. After waiting around 40 minutes for the pan seared scallops entree, I questioned the bartender and he admitted he forgot to tell the kitchen. It appeared 10 minutes later and seemed fresh, but the scallops were slightly undercooked and not browned enough for me. Overall, a decent dish for the price paid, but not memorable. Possibly the fresh fish options are better than some dishes from the standard menuI'll come back to try again soon, and also to enjoy the fantastic view of that fish tank
3	I wanted some crab legs so we went to Chart around 12:00p. We sat by the fish tank which was more exciting than the food. I orded the Alaskan King Crab Legs about a pound and a half for 55.00 they came split but they were dry. My friend had the short ribs they were tender and off the bone. I had fried rice it was dry. We had the hummus which was my first time eating it and I will never eat it again. The service was good but the food not so much.
5	Great food service and ambience
5	I have always liked the Chart House chain, even though I am not a seafood fan!  The Chart House in Las Vegas, at the Golden Nugget is one of my favorites!  The 75,000 gallon aquarium is the center piece of this restaurant and there is not a bad seat in the house for viewing it!  You can even ask the server for a fish identification chart if you are so inclined to learn what types of fish are swimming around in it.    It is absolutely amazing!The food too is great.  The shrimp cocktail is firm and fresh, served with a great cocktail sauce.  The "Calamari and Friends" was delicious!  I highly recommend.  It was lightly fried and very fresh. The "friends" included lightly fried veggies -- carrots, peppers, and sweet potatoes.  The Chopped Spinach Salad with warm bacon dressing, chopped egg, bacon, radishes & mushrooms wash beautifully presented and then chopped by our server.  The dressing was just enough and not overwhelming like can often be with this type of salad.Since I am not a seafood lover, I got the 12 oz. prime rib and it was melt in your mouth!  The baked potato that I ordered as a side was also perfectly done.My partner had the Stuffed Flounder filled with jumbo lump crab drizzled with lemon butter and served with Yukon golden mashed potatoes and asparagus.  The stuffing was good but the fish lacked some flavor and was rather bland.  The prices are right in line with this type of high end restaurant with main dishes costing between $25 and $40.  Dress is business casual to casual (it is Vegas after all).
4	While this Chart House does not have the amazing view their Dana Point or Lake Tahoe location has, the HUGE fish tank does make an impressive back drop for a wonderful seafood meal. After sharing appies, our group endulged in everything from Scallops to Steak and all agreed it was a great meal. My scallops each sat on a bed of their own wasabi mash potatoes. I can't stop thinking about those man mash pototoes!
3	A friend of mine who was staying at the Golden Nugget, so decided to meet up for lunch. Since she was staying there already, we decided on the Chart House.            We were seated in front of the large fish tank. It was beautiful. The atmosphere was bright, lively, and clean. Our two servers were very polite and attentive to our needs.                                              I had ordered chopped salad. It was very good. The lobster bisque soup was average in flavor. All they did was add lobster bits on top of the soup as garnish. That was kind of disappointing and a lazy way of preparing soup. At least put larger chunks of lobster pieces. We both ordered the grilled salmon fish, it was very good. Although the cut portion of the fish was on the small side. Overall our check totaled to $37.00 prior to tipping out. That's with one glass of wine, 2 salads, cup of lobster bisque soup, and 2 grilled salmon entrees. Humm...not bad. Next time I'll try eating at the bar area in front of the fish tank.
4	The food was great. The service was impeccable. The aquarium in the center of the restaurant is amazing.
4	We stayed at the GN for NYE and tried the Chart House Happy Hour before heading out to the street.  I had the fish tacos and my husband had the Ahi tuna nachos with an order of the plantain chips for us both.  Everything was delicious, including our drinks from the happy hour menu.  Even though the bar was full, they allowed us to sit at one of the booths on the side of the dining room and order from the happy hour menu.  Our waitress was attentive and pleasant even though we were only only ordering the appetizers on special and couple of drinks each.I really enjoyed both the atmosphere and food and will most certainly return for a full dinner in the near future.
5	Hands down some of the best Ahi Tuna I have ever had. My partner's Mahi was unbelievable. We started with Duck Pot Stickers- WOW! We finished with a chocolate Godiva filled cake. We cannot remember what it was called but it was GOOD. /atmosphere was great and the service was tops as expected. We will return.
5	We walked along this old part of Las Vegas and decided on a light lunch at the remodeled Golden Nugget. After exploring a bit we made our way to Chart House.What a lovely place for lunch. The huge fish tank is breathtaking. Like dining in an aquarium.Sarah was our server and she was prompt and very nice.I had a huge bowl of exquisite lobster bisque. It came with a basket of assorted warm rolls. My $9.00 lunch was one of the best meals I enjoyed on my holiday.Highly recommend making your way over.
4	Having lunch here midweek made me forget I had to go back to the office after.  Our party of four was seated by the aquarium and who doesn't love the view of an aquarium.  I had the clam chowder to start and for my meal I had the Diner Burger.  It was your basic restaurant burger and I enjoyed it.  Our table shared the Hot Lava Cake.  The Lobster Grilled Cheese looked good and came highly recommended so next time I will try that.  Service was excellent and timely.  Bonus, Oscar Goodman waiving as he walked by!
3	"The food was good not great and a lil over priced!! The best part about our dinner was the aquarium!!"
5	A group of 8 of us ate her for my MIL's 60th Birthday, reservations were made for tables in front of the tank and it was beautiful.  4 of us arrived earlier than the other 1/2 and we were seated and napkins placed at our laps, chairs pulled out and just greeted with such professionalism and pride in their job.  We ordered and shared the fried calamari and stone crab claws.  Everyone that ate the crab were very pleased, and the fried calamari was cooked perfectly not chewy and the sauce that came with it was delish.  There were a variety of entrees ordered, and served as ordered and everyone was pleased.  Our service was impeccable from start to finish, they were there just enough not overly attentive but our drinks were kept full as well as our belly:) What a great place to celebrate or just enjoy a wonderful dinner.
3	The seafood was decent.  I honestly expected more since this is Vegas.  I've had better scallops at restaurants like Pappadeaux and Anthony's Homeport.  I was really impressed with the wasabi mashed potatoes though.  Awesome side dish.  Wasabi pretty much goes with everything.  Very cool ambience here.  Would be a good place to take your girl.  The moray eel looked awesome.
5	Hosted my mother's 50th birthday party at Chart House and they were very accommodating. Every aspect of customer service made the event run so smoothly... Manager to set up reservation, hostesses to assist with seating and decos, waitresses- 2 handled a party of 25 perfectly. My husband and I returned a couple nights later for a more intimate dinner and thoroughly enjoyed our food. The beautiful aquarium made for some wonderful birthday pictures.
5	Excellent food and a 70,000 gallon fish tank that is mesmerizing. went twice on our 4 day stay it was so good! Had the blackened Prime Rib, lobster bisque, fried mac & cheese and chop salad. Wonderful! A must try.
5	Amazing seafood restaurant. Great selection of food and the staff was great. They have an insane tank in the middle of the restaurant with beautiful fish and one creepy moray eel. I would love to come back here!
3	Beautiful place, very friendly stuff, close to free parking. But i came here to eat, not to watch pretty fishes... and food was just OK
5	Go figure....an outstanding restaurant at a hotel! I think hell just froze over.Great food. Excellent service......great stop!
2	Something smells fishy.Upon entering the restaurant a strong smell of fish was present.  This usually is a bad sign that the fish isn't fresh.We ordered salads and I had Steak.  The food was fair and service was fair at best. Definitely will not return
5	My husband and I  stopped in here this past weekend.  The Bloody Mary's are to die for, and eating off the Happy Hour menu made our dinner really affordable.  Awesome service and the fish tank is amazing.
3	Even though they don't have many vegetarian choices, I managed to find delicious stuff I could eat.Their gazpacho is AMAZING! and their Roasted beet salad is pretty good too.I also tried their hummus trio and it was pretty tasty.The service was just so, so. I wish they had more substantial vegetarian choices, eating salad without a good protein only goes so far. I would like to see a pasta or a sandwich on the menu, but for what it is the food was great.My coworkers ordered different dishes and everyone liked what they had.I will probably go again because that is the go to place if you are in the area, but not because I am super impressed with the menu.
2	Located in The Golden Nugget On Fremont Street Downtown Las Vegas. Ok so I hate to do this but, this place is just ok. the drinks were good, the service even better. The food was average to not so good. The fish and chips were saturated with oil. The 'tempura' lobster was more like funnel cake. There are much better choices downtown that are a lot cheaper. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Enjoyed a wonderful lunch meeting here last week with a great view of the famous aquarium. While we were eating the aquarium was being cleaned by professional divers and the experience was surreal. I had the watermelon/feta salad and the blackened flounder with asparagus, and walked out in that sweet zone between hungry and stuffed, also known as 'just right'. Service was excellent as well.
5	Great food, great service, great scenery.... What more do you want?! Alexis our waitress was quick and helpful giving us the highlights of the popular dishes as well as her favorites. The fish tacos and the chicken BLT were perfect and all in front of the fantastic view of the massive fish tank. Good stop if you're on Fremont street or staying at the GN. Cheers!
3	Went here for lunch with Gwen on my visit to Vegas. This place is really nice!  Located inside the Golden Nugget but has a gorgeous fish tank right in the center...Food is nice!  I got the fish and chips and Gwen got the coconut shrimp...Really good with shoe string fries...You can also get a soup or side salad but I passed on that...I would definitely return to eat at this place next time I'm in town...
4	I was treated to dinner here a couple days ago while attending a convention in Vegas and this restaurant was a very pleasant suprise. I didn't look at the prices on the menu so keep that in mind. The atmosphere was cool and the joint was busy. Our server was outstanding. The calamari with friends was awesome with fried bell peppers and jalapenos mixid up with the perfectly battered squid. The caesar salad was rfg and my rare-medium rare filet was spot on.
5	I had never been inside The Golden Nugget and I wasn't expecting much, but boy was I surprised! We decided to eat at Chart House after reading their awesome reviews. We were seated immediately by the aquarium. It was beautiful and and amazing! I ordered a seafood platter and boyfriend ordered Macadamia crusted Mahi. Both dishes were wonderful. His dish was huge and cooked perfectly. My platter had fried calimari, fried fish, fries, coconut shrimp, tempura fried lobster tail with tempura battered veggies. It was all wonderful and not greasy at all. A wonderful dining experience! I would definitely recommend this place. It is a little pricey, but definitely worth what you get for the price!
3	Applejack Cherry Chilean Seabass was highlight.  Their Grand Marnier Souffle was not that special, not impressed.  Service was ok.
2	Not what I expected. My food was good but the rest of the people with me were not impressed. The service was okay, but we were not to happy when the two servers came out to serve our food and one chastised the other right in front of all of us for serving the plate on the wrong side. Not cool dude, to her what she did wrong once you get out of earshot from customers.
4	One of our favorite places to have dinner in Las Vegas.  The food is wonderful and the fish tanks are spectacular.  We'd highly recommend it.
1	I went here for my 31st birthday on Wed. I had made a reservation but we got to the place about 30 minutes early. They sat us. The restaraunt was very crowded and the tables are practically on top of each other. Our server was nice but a little too eager, always asking how we were doing. I guess some people like that but i felt rushed. They did print my name on the menu which was nice and I appreciated and they wrapped it up at the end and provided to me. I took a photo but don't really care to keep a copy of their menu. I had the yellowfin Tuna, lobster bisque and oysters. My husband just had the swordfish. My husband liked his food and everything tasted ok as we were eating. We finished pretty fast with a $175 check for 2 drinks, 1 app, a soup and 2 entrees. We were excited about walking around Freemont street after to hit up some of the bars. We walked around after and about an hour and a half after dinner I started sweating and ended up getting majorly sick. My husband did not get sick but he did not eat the same items. We ended up having to leave and I spent the rest of the night in bed so freaking sick. I emailed Chart House on their website to let them know that I had been sick and was 100% positive it was from the food as I had felt great before I ate and had nothing after I ate. No response from the site. Overall, I was highly disappointed that they would not even respond. Who knows if other people got sick as well as Im sure the restaraunt was not even notified by the website and I was too sick to call them. Overall, highly disappointed in this experience as there are so many other great places in Vegas to eat. I just happened to pick the place with the unfresh seafood. Eat with Caution!
2	I was extremely disappointed...I'm a bit of a foodie so I've eaten at my fair share of great multi star restaurants.   We ordered the seafood tower for 2 at 44 dollars...2 oysters...4 prawns obviously soaked in a salt water brine...1 small lobster tail cut in half and over cooked (tough and difficult to remove from the shell) and crab legs cut in half ( they were the only redeeming offering) WAY over priced for the amount and poor quality over all!  The lobster bisque had so much sherry in it my stomach started rebelling and there was very little lobster taste...I've had much better elsewhere.  The lava cake was more like luke warm chocolate pudding cake...not even close to the quality I expect when charged 11 dollars!!!  Go to Olives...better food better atmosphere and a fair price for high quality fare.  Sure...Chart house has a cool aquarium. ..but Olives has the Bellagio fountain :-). Yeah...the manager passed by and asked if I wanted some soup and I responded "No."...he walked away and I didnt see him again...right...just the kind of service I expected...NOT.  Won't be eating there again.
4	We really enjoyed this place!I had the scallops with wasabi sauce, it was fantastic! The Scallops were well cooked, and the mashed potatoes ensure that you have enough food and won't go home hungry. As an added bonus, the green beans are well seasoned and taste more like a treat than a boring vegetable.We ordered the oysters for appetizers. The oysters themselves were good, but the shell still had salt water in it. Fresh is good. Salt water is not good. It was a little disappointing and damaged the taste of the oysters. But, again, you can taste the quality.The service was great, they checked in with us regularly, kept our drinks full, and made sure there was always fresh bread and butter on the table.A solid 4 stars!
5	Love this place. Good food. Great service. The manager was charming. Will come back for sure.
5	We loved the East meets West appetizer and the swordfish! Great service too!
5	This place in Vegas woos you off the strip.  At the Golden Nugget we saw the really cool HUGE fish tank.  This thing was sooooo cool, we were playing drinking games with it because we sat right by it ha.  Because the Golden Nugget is off the strip, you wouldn't expect this kind of service, this kind of food and this much fun.  We had the Surf & Turf plate and Lobster...the spread was the tits! The tender ribs were delicious the potatoes were on point and the lobster...well it hit it out of the park.  If you stay at the Golden Nugget, use your winnings on this place, it's fun enjoyable spot off the strip.
4	Overlooked and underated. Great food, friendly staff and fantastic menu. Can't go wrong by choosing here to eat.
3	I would probably give this restaurant two starts but the manager was really wonderful. Came here on my last visit to Vegas while I was staying at the Golden Nugget. My friend wanted to try the Stone Crabs. I'm not a crab person so I can't really comment- we got 5 claws for $50. Presentation was nice, sauces for dipping were good- what went wrong? My salad. I ordered the beet and arugula salad- but I am allergic to peanuts and shrimp. So I made sure to tell the server about my allergy. (Chart House does not keep any peanuts in the restaurant). That is when the manager came over and informed me what i could order that was free from shrimp and what could be a potential reaction. I told him I was ordering the beet salad- he said that was safe.The beet salad includes prosciutto crisps, blue cheese, mandarin oranges, red onions, caramelized pecans and the dressing. All I asked was for the cheese the onions on the side. I do not know why we were served a salad with only beets on top of spinach! No arugula. No prosciutto, no pecans, no mandarin oranges- idk what happens from my order being "I would like the roasted beet salad but can the onions and cheese be on theside?" When she brought the salad out I wanted to ask "so where is the rest of it?" I ended up just eating it- which I regret I should have sent it back. Not worth regular prices for beets on spinach. I will probably not return to this restaurant with so many choices in Las Vegas, there is no room for a repeat.
4	When walking by this place, you are drawn in by the aquarium. We were seated next to the aquarium wall, with the many assortments of fish, as acquaintances, passerby. My mother in law, would jokingly point and say, "i would like this one, and that one!" Although I am not sure if she meant on her plate, or to take home? We particularly had good service. Altogether the ambiance was fun, but I would not suggest for small children as it is a quieter restaurant in a rather big casino environment.Everyone seemed to enjoy their appetizers on the table. My MIL had the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail, which came stunningly on a vapor-like dry-ice display. Very cool. I turned to the Menage soups, which were size proportionate. In this moment I realized I am not fond of tomato based gazpacho, in general, as this a second attempt - but you may like it. However, the lobster bisque was extremely creamy,  and the clam chowder was the same with many small pieces of clam.My main dish was the mixed seafood grill, which again was proportionate. I was definately rooting for the grilled citrus salmon on the plate- delicious!. The asperagus was perfect as a refesher when moving between the crab cakes, shrimp & Salmon. My husband had the  Spiced Yellowfin Ahi to Chef recommendation (Slightly seared & rare), which was also delish. In fact I would have been greedy and jealous had I not had a good plate myself.The apple crisp was good, with a slight sweetness. Not what you would want for a sweettooth (i would go for the creme brulee if so), it was perfect to my taste- but once again, not super sweet.Overall, a thumbs up!
5	Very impressed. Service was outstanding. As soon as you finished a dish, someone was there to take the dish away. A manager took my finished beet salad plate away. I counted 7 waiters, 5 waitresses, 4 busboys, 4 managers, 3 cocktail waitresses, 3 hostesses.  Wait zipped around doing their thing, but service was not rushed. Scallops a little gritty but food quality excellent.  Beet salad excellent as well.And I paid!  This was not a comp meal, so it's a sincere review.
4	Chart House is a chain in the Landry's family of restaurants, but don't let the fact it's a chain dissuade you from checking it out. In a town of celebrity chefs, and literally thousands of dining options, the Chart House at the Golden Nugget holds its own.This is not the first visit to the Chart House. I live in close proximity to the one in Marina Del Rey, and my wife and I dine at the Las Vegas location whenever we stay at the Nugget. I can honestly say I do not remember a bad experience at the Las Vegas location, and this weekend was no exception. Both the service and the food were top notch. This particular evening we were in the mood for steak, and did not want to pay Vic and Anthony's inflated prices.We started with the crab, shrimp, and vegetable fritters, a diversion from our usual lobster bisque. These were great, and the kimchee sauce is a nice twist. Our entrees were the prime rib for myself (Callahan cut, of course) and the filet medallions for my wife. Both were cooked perfectly to our preference, and satisfied our carnivorous cravings. Service was great, and our waitress was friendly and very accommodating.My only gripe is the beer selection. VERY limited. These days everyone is into these craft brews and etc, to only offer the usual junk seems like a misstep. I wanted some kind of amber, and best I could get was a Sam Adams. While annoying, I didn't deduct any stars for this. TIP: Sign up for the Landry's Select Club. You'll get a $25 reward once you spend $250 in a year. I believe you also get $25 just for signing up, but I can't remember if it has to be used on a future visit.Thanks Chart House, for another great and reasonably priced meal. Will repeat!
2	Nice location, good ambience, willing server but uncooked sea bass.  Enough said.  We won't be back.  The chef let them down and neither our server nor the manager was surprised.  Guess this happens frequently.
4	Delicious food, we did get tricked into buying our water instead of just getting ice water.  Probably could have told them to take that off the ticket,because sink water is fine with me.  Hotel slots not very friendly!  lol
5	My favorite place to eat in Las Vegas!FRESH seafood and it is fantastic
5	Had an amazing lunch celebrating my sons high school graduation.  Staff and food were amazing
3	Disappointing. ..maybe I was expecting great? Had Chilean sea bass...needed to be cooked just a tiny bit more. The lobster had a couple bits of shell. The lobster bisque was tasty. BF had roasted beet salad that was very tasty but the beets weren't really roasted. BF also had the baked stuff shrimp...just okay. Nothing exciting. ..bland. Our server was awesome though. Second chance and both times just okay. Won't be back at these prices.
5	We had dinner at the Chart House before going to the Smith Center to see Book of Mormon. I was really hungry so I ordered a shrimp cocktail as an appetizer the ahi tuna as my main course. My wife what is the same thing she shared it with one of my friends had basically half of what I ate. Shrimp cocktail came. It consisted of the five biggest shrimp I've ever seen in a shrimp cocktail. It was a beautiful presentation. This probably would have been enough my entire dinner. Needless to say I ate it all giving only one of the shrimp to one of my friends. The shrimp cocktail was a big hit for everyone who ate it. The ahi tuna came next. It was a huge portion of the ahi tuna. It was cooked to perfection just as I ordered, seared on the outside and nearly raw on the inside. It was absolutely scrumptious. It cut it with a fork and melted in the mouth. The two pieces of ahi came over a bed of wasabi mashed potatoes. These look great and a perfect complement to the meal. My wife ordered green beans instead of mashed potatoes. These were also especially yummy. Unfortunately no one had any room for dessert. I will be going back to the Chart House the next time I have tickets for the Smith Center.
3	Despite the spider on my table and me flying accorss the room.... So embarrassing. And the waiter pretending like he didn't see it when he first came to the table he moved things around at the salt and pepper but didn't think anything of it until the spider crawled into my appetizer plate.  The food was excellent. Got off late last night and wanted something really good to eat they close the kitchen at 11 pm but they kept it open  a little bit late for us.
5	Had not been to the Chart House in years, food and service was 5 stars ! Went with a group of friends form our local leads group , in Chatsworth Ca, we started with apps. Shrimp kabobs, Mac & Cheese, salad yummy ! Main course for me was Seared Ahi on mashed! Everything was done to the 10ens ....I would go back, and I would tell a friend !
4	Stopped in after Bingo with some friends for happy hour and some munchies. I ordered their signature drink, which of course I can't remember the exact name now, but I attached a pic. It was ok. I wouldn't really order it again. Then I got the chips and dip, which were homemade potato chips and green onion dip. This was delicious and I would absolutely order this again.Lastly, we got the pan seared scallops which did not disappoint. The bartender was super friendly and the atmosphere was cool. If I'm ever in this casino again, which is not very likely, due to location, I would stop in this place again for their happy hour!
3	In LV with the in-laws who requested a good seafood dinner. Naturally, we thought Chart House would be a good choice.First, we arrived fairly early for dinner so it was nowhere near packed inside, but we were seated at the worst table in the house. A corner seat next to the kitchen with way too much in/out traffic to ensure a relaxing meal. We moved to a much nicer inside table closer to the fish tank. Our server was a nice guy with a  sense of humor who seemed happy to be serving us but would've been happier if we'd ordered cocktails.But then the food arrived...Pop had Seared Scallops with green beans, delicious and perfect in every way.Mom had a combo plate with Salmon and shrimp scampi served with a side of mashed potatoes and a crab cake (loaded with crab and hardly, if any, bread crumbs). The sides were cold to the touch and sent back.Wife had the CH Special with calamari, tempura lobster and fish&chips. She didn't want fries so she ordered the green beans instead. The only items served hot were the lobster and the fish. Unfortunately, the fish were two tiny "fish sticks" like you'd get from a Gorton's box. If you choose this combo you'll see "fries and more" listed. The "more" is a delcious melange of fried jalapeno and bell peppers and carrots. We had the green beans and calamari served again but fresh out of the fryer the 2nd time.I had the clam chowder, which was fan-freaking-tastic with tons of clams and very little potato. Would've liked it even more if it had been served piping hot. Also had the shrimp with garlic pasta, which should have been better than it was. I ate the shrimp and left the tasteless carb pile of pasta.This dinner for four was $160.00 with no drinks or cocktails. At these prices we should NOT have had to return anything to the kitchen and nothing was comp'd.
3	I went for lunch... the Salad was GREAT.... however I had Fish and Chips.... Kinda Skimpy and the shoe string chips were a pain to eat.... also I love Ice Tea but when my Glass is empty I would hope someone notice it and fill me up.....The Fish Tank is lovely... Would I go again.. Yes to get a Salad.. it was great....
5	Fresh seafood, delicious flavoring, magnificent salt water fish tank.Wonderful fine dine experience.Love it, love it, live it
1	Eh, wouldn't go back.  Salad was pretty good but that's about it.  Ordered King Crab at a market price of $60 and half of it was inedible.  So dry and flavorless.  Waste of time and money.
5	Great specialty drinks. We also had the hummus trio and it was very good, with the plantains and free refills. The drinks were amazing and different and of course the aquarium is spectacular. Would definitely come here again!!!
5	Came here with my three girlfriends for a drunk at the bar. Our waitress was Alexis and she was great. She was so fast at serving and everything tasted amazing! She also helped me out by letting me charge my phone behind the bar! I was on 1%!!!!  The bar is super cool - a huge aquarium is the back slash (no pun intended) to the bar, and was beautiful. I had 3 mojitos (I recommend the mango mojito!) and the "calamari and friends" plate. The seafood was delish. Such a large portion I could share! I will totally come back to this casino and bar next time I am in Vegas!
5	Went here for lunch last year with my family, and we all thought it was great. Fabulous setting & ambience with that fish tank, delicious seafood, great drinks. This year, we went there for Happy Hour and had a great time. The small plates were all so delicious. We had a large group, so we basically ordered one of all the small plates from their HH menu. Highly recommend the firecracker shrimp and the sliders. Their HH drink menu also has some tasty & tipsy numbers. I can't remember the name of the pineapple drink, but omg, it was amazing. The rest of our party was downing the mojitos, which were also good.Had no idea this was such a great place for a HH, will be hitting it up again.
3	Eh,Its got nice ambiance, service is good. Nothing special.
4	Gorgeous setting and ambiance.  The service was amazing and we loved the fish tank and food.  I had the steak and it was not my first choice but I have another opportunity to try the sea bass with a special person in the future so I'm definitely going to go there again.  Loved it!
3	Had lunch here.  The lobster & shrimp spring rolls were simply good, nothing outstanding there.I had a cup of the lobster bisque and my Boyfriend had a cup of the clam chowder.  If we had known that those soups were that good we would have ordered bowls of the stuff and skipped the salads.  The bisque had a great lobster flavor and nice chunks of lobster meat. The clam to potato ratio in the chowder was spot on and also had that creamy chunky texture that makes a chowder special. I had the roasted beet salad which was slightly disappointing in that the beet pieces were small and overwhelmed by the onions and mandarin orange slices. I would have liked to have seen more feta and less dressing.My Boyfriend had the Asian Chicken salad, it looked ok, but nothing special about it either. Food was good but nothing spectacular.
3	I found The Chart House to be average. Ordered a bowl of Clam chowder which was tasty with lots of clams. The main course of Shrimp Scampi was not very good because the shrimp tasted like microwave Shrimp, they were large, but a bit dry and chewy. I would try eating there again,but not the Shrimp Scampi. My wife had short ribs and salmon. She was quite pleased with her meal. The salmon was succulent and the ribs were tasty.  So a split decision.
4	Make a reservation! We were sat at a lovely table in the bar/lounge area. Service was slow to start but picked up and leveled off.  We were in a rush to see a show but it all worked out.  Great steaks, amazing mac and cheese, asian green beans, chopped salad all fantastic! Well worth it.
5	Best view for Sea Food! Drinks were made exactly right and the lobster bisc was delicious. Went for my four year anniversary and the mood was great here.
5	Awesome Happy Hour drinks and appetizers. Chart House has one of the BEST lobster bisque in Vegas. Must try their Lobster Francaise - it's AWESOME!! Featured wine DeLoach Pinot Noir 2013 was outstanding - great price...ordered a couple bottles. Enjoy!
5	This place is great! We sat right along side of the large fish tank that's in the center of the restaurant. It was so cool watching the fish swim right next to you. The food was excellent! We had duck confit spring rolls for an appetizer. The lobster bisque soup was delicious. The Lobster Francese is a must have- the pasta that came with it was tangy, a perfect compliment. The lobster is also great prepared this way- a nice change from just dipping it in butter. The stuffed flounder is also amazing. This is a great place for a romantic date!
3	Would have given this a 4star but the staff didn't seem genuinely up to the task. The hostess snooty and not very welcoming. The Food was slightly above average. For lunch we started with the hummus trio, which is enough for 4, then the lobster bisque and it was very good, next the roasted beet salad and it was amazing the Caesar salad was average, nothing special, and we spit the sea bass and that was very good. Atmosphere very good, waiter good, I'd go back maybe try dinner.
2	Sat in lounge both times...great view of the fish tank. Also the crab and avo stack was delicious. Service was poor. The cocktail server the last time was very unfriendly and seemed like she was having either a terrible day or was just plain miserable. Definitely ruined it.
4	My husband had the lamb shank and he was blown away by how good it was. I had the seafood trio and it was delicious except the crab cake was a little disappointing. It wasn't gross, I've just had much better crab cakes before.  The salmon and shrimp scampi was delicious. The scampi was by far my favorite part of the trio. The hot chocolate lava cake was amazing and service was excellent. I'm giving 4/5 because of my crab cake and I got a little motion sick sitting against the fish tank.
4	Only in town for one night and stopped by the Chart House.  They were packed, but, as a Landry's member we were given priority seating and the wait was only four or five minutes.  The dinner was prepared perfectly and the service was great.  There were two large groups of more than 15 people that were being served when we sat down and we were concerned that the groups would consume the servers time.  The staff had time for both groups and all of the individual tables.
3	I came to this location back in March on spring break. This Chart house is different from the one we have in Redondo Beach. I was impressed with the aquarium, but it doesnt beat our location in L.A. Food was just about the same, customer service was way better tho. Clam chowder soup is the best. Porter house steak is really good and i always love the salad bar. Me and my crew had a few drinks, and what is so cool is that this place takes you right down the old Freemont Las Vegas strip.  Not sure if i will be stopping here on every trip, But this location was interesting a bit.
4	Went to the Chart House with the wifey a bit back to celebrate our 3rd year Anniversary!  Anyone who can be married to me for that long deserves a nice hunk of beef (her 2nd...if I'm considered her 1st...heh heh heh)!Located in the Golden Nugget near the hotel registration.  Looks pretty unassuming on the outside because the restaurant is rather open-spaced and housed with a LARGE salt water fish tank, no real sign, only way to tell for sure is the menu stand posted near the steps!  Walk up the steps to find the host/hostess, you will notice that the front of the restaurant is all bar and lounge type seating.  The real restaurant is around the fish tank to the back.  Chart House, there you are!For our Anniversary we were given a more intimate table for two in the corner directly facing the fish tank.  What a view!  Our reservation also came with personalized menus for the two of us, celebrating our Anniversary on top!  Nice touch.  Our server was excellent, super friendly, attentive, and very knowledgeable on the Chart House menu!  She even knew we were celebrating our Anniversary!  After ordering some drinks and perusing the menu, our server led us to some great recommendations for dinner.For a light appetizer we ordered the Hummus Trio - classic combination of traditional, roasted red pepper, and edamame (yes, edamame!) hummus all served with grilled pita and plantain chips.  Delightful!  Thankfully the hummus seemed to be fresh made (hopefully in-house) and was ripe with Mediterranean flavor.  Good quality olive oil, fresh beans.  The surprise was the edamame hummus, it was delicious.  Fresh, refreshing, light, it went great with the plantain chips.  I could eat a huge bowl of the stuff by myself.  I highly recommend.For dinner the wifey and I went with what else?  Meat!  Chart House Prime Rib 10 oz. cut to be exact.  I asked our server if I should go with a bigger cut because you know, I'm a bigger dude, but she suggested that with the smaller cut the meat would be slightly more tender.  She was correct!  The 10 oz. cut of prime rib was no slouch, it was really a good size portion.  But the flavor was WOW!  Succulent, tender, salty, peppery, overall yummy piece of meat.  The extra au jus on the side was a nice addition as well.  I always (yes always) ask to my better judgment if there is a house steak sauce.  Yes, in a good steakhouse, this is sacrilege!  Our server, being gracious said they don't have a house steak sauce, but A1 if it's necessary.  But she did say to please trust them when they say the prime rib doesn't need any sauce.  Thankfully she was right.  Prime rib was juicy, oozing with fatty flavor!   Cooked perfectly for my liking.  A touch of horseradish, a smatter of au jus, and I was set.  Yummville, population - ME!  Our prime rib also came with a serving of Yukon Gold mashed potatoes.  Buttery goodness!  Creamy!  Did I mention the extensive use of butter?For an additional side we got the Asian Green Beans.  They were tasty, but nothing I couldn't have created at home.  Fresh green beans, stir fried with soy sauce, sugar, possibly some rice wine or mirin, topped with sesame seeds. Can't go to a fancy place like the Chart House and not try a dessert!  OK, if you're a diabetic I guess you can.  Wifey and I topped off the evening with their signature Hot Chocolate Lava Cake - chocolate cake with a molten center consisting of Godiva liquer.  Then it's topped with chocolate sauce, Heath bar, and vanilla ice cream.  Whoa!  Talk about punch to your gut!  Luckily I saved some room by getting the smaller prime rib cut.  This dessert was rich, rich, rich!  Chocolate everywhere.  Cake was warm, and the molten center was divine.  Heath bar added some great texture, and the the vanilla ice cream helped to cut through everything.  Piggy us, we finished it up!Lovely evening celebrating our Anniversary, after dinner we lounged in our booth and took in the fish tank sights.  Just relaxed and relished the rest of our night.  We must have been there an extra 30 minutes, and our server was more than polite and told us not to rush at all.  Rather enjoyed that.Chart House, overall no complaints.  Wait...bring in a house steak sauce!  Nah, just kidding.  Keep up the food and service, and I'll be back.  Save me some prime rib.
