5	Rev. Suzi is incredibly gifted, down to earth, and relatable. Since opening and managing a holistic healing center of my own, I have had the privilege of working with countless psychics, healers, mind-body-wellness practitioners, etc. When it comes to Rev. Suzi, she is definitely someone I have greatly enjoyed working with and receiving a session from. I received hypnotherapy and a psychic reading from Rev. Suzi and the session we had helped bring back my spark. The energy and sense of humor she brought to the session helped me feel instantly comfortable to open up and be myself without any fear of judgment. To me, genuine acceptance is key. It wasn't about healing or fixing me (which would be a judgment), it was about bringing me back to my own truth and empowerment. She held space for me to be me, which puts her in the group of some of the best spiritual practitioners I've received a session from. Rev. Suzi is "real" and that is the cherry on top for me. I'm not a fan of receiving sessions from the stereotypical "head in the clouds" spiritual types. We live in this modern day crazy fun and stressful culture, and it's important to honor that not everyone can live outside of the daily grind. I say "real" because she offers insights that apply to "real" life. Not some fantasy of wishful thinking. And that is something I really respect.
5	Suzi is an incredible reader and psychic medium.  Not only does Suzi make you feel incredibly comfortable and open, she is also accurate!  Last year I went to her and she told me that in march I would meet a very gentle, wonderful and genuine man.  That person would become significant in my life and turn into a serious relationship.  It would be slow moving but beautiful she said.  I met this man in march and I've never felt more whole.  She told me that he would be more reserved but have a quiet and humbled confidence.  This is all so true and I haven't been happier with her readings.
5	Highly recommend Suzi for your readings! She has been reading for me for years, about every six months. I always know that when I check in with Suzi I can expect accurate information that helps me stay on course. Not only is it reassuring, but exciting to hear things you may not have expected. Suzi's honest, straightforward, and very connected with her Spirit Guides and easily connects with yours.
5	I had a reading with Susan at the Changing Hands Bookstore in Tempe.  The store does a great job of quickly and efficiently handing appointments.  Susan was right on with her reading.  She shared information with me that brought clarity and direction to my circumstances.  I definitely would recommend her to anyone interested in getting  reading.
5	Suzi's readings are always interesting and accurate!  She always surprises me with her ability to predict things in my life.  Very much enjoy her readings!
5	I found Suzi on Yelp and decided to make an appointment with her today. She is the real deal. She was genuine, sweet, and gifted. I would definitely recommend her if you are looking for a psychic. She records your reading for you too! Thank you!
5	Suzi is awesome as usual! I have been seeing her regularly for almost 4 years now. I have recently hosted a couple of parties and had her cleanse and bless my new office/business which is off to a fantastic start! All of my party attendees love her and were thrilled with their readings and how good she made them feel. Everyone should have the privilege of experiencing Suzi's amazing, positive healing energy and incredible gift! She has always been right on with her readings and I will continue to host parties regularly so as many of  my friends and clients can experience Suzi's truly remarkable gift and wonderful presence!
5	I was referred by a good friend to see Suzi. Right away I booked an appointment to see her and she has been so blessed to provide me with direction, clarity and stepping out of my box. I will continue to use Suzi, her spirit was so clear, full of joy and bringing understanding to your life. I've seen one other medium before her and now I will not see anyone but her. Highly recommend!
5	Suzi is Amazing! She has helped me many times to see the bigger picture and know my purpose. She has also connected with my loved ones that have crossed over and her accuracy was mind blowing. She has the sweetest energy and you always leave her feeling WAY better than you came.. She is highly regarded and recommended!
5	Suzi and I connected right away.  She explained what she saw in my energy, which was something that really intrigued me. She was very relatable and very funny. Easy to relax around. Suzy talked into subjects that many intuitives haven't before and offers a unique perspective. Very helpful. Thank you, Suzi.
