4	This is the bomb! As I'm typing this I'm thinking of there pico de gallo and carne asada burrito.  It is a simple but family feel burrito shop.  I usually go there during lunch time and the staff is always friendly and polite. All of the ingredients are very fresh and the beans I'm told are made daily.For me, mexican food from a small shop has been a drunken late night pick up or something for a snack because it was always too greasy, but this place isn't like that.  There pico de galo is the BEST!! I hate tomatoes if that makes any sense but I can eat this stuff for days. When you get a chance check place out.
5	Found this place on yelp, was right behind my house this whole time and I never went in... All I can say is the food is AWESOME, service is great, atmosphere is great..
4	I got props again from my boss for suggesting we eat here at Burrito's Juarez.  I was reading a review my cousin wrote on a Mexican restaurant and made me want to eat their food.  However, it was way too far from where I was at and didn't feel like driving all that way.  Luckily I found this location that was much closer.We ordered two Fish (Tilapia) Tacos each, and shared Tortilla Chips with pico degallo and ordered guacamole.  How did my boss describe their fish tacos?  "like California Fish Taco's"  and supposedly by her standards, California makes the best fish tacos.  I did agree that the fish tacos were awesome.  The combination between the crunch of the fish and cabbage, to the soft tortilla married well.  They're huge and two was more than enough for each person.  As for the Tortilla Chips, they were different and crunchier than most places I've had them from.  Their pico degallo were the best I've had and the guacamole, well that was just mushed avocado.  I'm used to having it with onions, a little tomato, and jalapeno.  But it was still good.Tonight, I decided to eat there again and tried their Chico's Tacos.  This is a Taquito drenched in their red spicy sauce.  It wasn't too spicy.  It had enough kick to it.  If you wanted it hotter, they provide you with the hot sauce to add to it.  I didn't need it. It was perfect the way it was.I'm definitely coming back because I really want to try the corn concoction.  I think it's called Elcote.  I'm not sure.  I'll probably have to come back to this review and make corrections.
4	This place is easy to overlook. It's tucked away in a corner of a small strip mall off of Durango and if you're driving by it's easy to miss their sign. I've never seen an ad for Burritos Juarez, so marketing isn't helping to bring bodies in. It's a shame because judging from my two visits, this is one place worth a stop if you're in the area.The dining area is small but clean and there are large photos of Juarez, Mexico decorating the space. Like other small taquerias, you order at the counter and they'll call your number when your food is ready.The carne asada taco ($2.75) was very good. The beef was juicy and tender, a nice change of pace from the rubbery meat served at so many other places. Each taco is served with 2 corn tortillas and filled with beans, onions and cilantro. Other stuff like guacamole and sour cream is extra. The only complaint is that the tortillas were limp and a little soggy. It makes me miss how Taqueria Los Parados used to crisp up their tortillas with a little cheese on the griddle. The carnitas taco ($2.75) was decent but could have used a lot more seasoning.Their churro ($1.50) was pretty good but a little too firm.The chicken mole burrito ($4) wasn't as big as other burritos around town, but at 4 bucks a piece, it's a good value. The mole has some decent depth in flavor. Burritos are filled with beans and your choice of meat. Anything else will cost you extra. If you're really hungry get two.The guy behind the counter, who also did some of the cooking, seems like a genuinely nice guy. And, if you don't speak Spanish don't worry. Gringos are welcome. I'm not sure if I'd drive across town to come here, but if you want quick and reasonably priced Mexican food in Spring Valley, stop by.
2	Oh Burritos....You plump little pockets of pleasure.  You are pornography for the palette, fantastic and satisfying with a little guilt at the end. Unfortunately the burritos at Burrito's Juarez didn't do much to tickle the burrito bone.  (that sounds bad, but let's go with it).  Between the textures and flavors I experienced, I don't plan on coming back.The store itself is quaint and clean as it hides away in an unsuspecting shopping center.  The staff was nice enough, but the food is what drops this Burrito joint's street cred so low.My Order:Machaca Burrito - The shredded beef was overcooked, making a lot of it hard, dry, and tough.  It had a texture which approached beef jerky; not what you're looking for in a burrito.  The eggs were fine, but overall this was a big flavorless let down.  "Chico" Tacos -  Similar to Flautas, these crispy, rolled, beef tacos looked better than they actually tasted.  Again, dry and flavorless, I liked the fried tortilla and nothing else.  The melted cheese on top didn't melt well, and became an unsightly glob.  The red sauce that accompanied the tacos was watery and lacked that bright flavor profile one expects in a Mexican red sauce.  Save yourself the disappointment, and search elsewhere for that perfect Burrito that we all know is waiting to be discovered.
2	Well I found this little place here on yelp and after reading reviews decided the fam and I just had to try it. When we got there only one table was occupied so I figured it would be quick. Wrong..we ordered a couple tacos a burrito, torta, and some chicos tacos everyone raves about. Took over 30 mins to get our food. The burrito was good the tacos soggy and bland and the sauce on the chicos tacos was more like a glorified fideo broth. And on top of that they forgot two tacos in our order and then had the nerve to get upset when I called to inform them i was coming back to get them. Overall a burrito isn't enough to keep us coming back. So disappointing!!
2	After walking out of TC's Ribs today, this is the place we decided to go to instead. It's in the same strip mall, and looked pretty promising. We walked in and it looked reminiscient of Roberto's, though much cleaner on the inside. Dad ordered two Carne Asade burritos, and I decided to try the Machaca. We both thought it was strange that this place doesn't have rice, but we still decided to give it a chance.The Chips and Salsa came first, and they were the best part of the entire meal. They tasted homemade, and the pico de gallo was AMAZING. I can't say the same for the other salsas they provided, which were just alright.Both of our burritos were extremely bland. They didn't taste bad, but they definently had very little flavor. It was also a bummer that they put beans in the Machaca Burrito...the guy at the counter had even asked me if I had wanted them and I said no. I probably won't be coming back again, but I will say that the employees were really friendly and the food was cheap.
5	Oh. Mah. GAWD!!!So I am ADDICTED to their nachos!!  *drools just thinking about them*Unfortunately the nachos are literally the only thing I've tried-so really this is a review about nachos (in case ya haven't already figured that out..hehe)First off:  The service is GREAT!  It's family owned and operated, they are ALWAYS pleasant..an added bonus for me is they already know what I'm getting when they see me walk in!  After you place your order, someone will bring out chips and salsa.  The verde sauce is the best!Wen your food is ready, they bring it out to your table (of which there are 6-7 to choose from). The only drawback is that they recently changed out their soda machine and switched over to offering canned soda and water, which I guess adds to the authenticity, but makes it unappealing (for ME) to order a soda.  So about those nachos:  They make their own chips (of course), and they are a little thicker then a processed/storebrand tortilla chip.  This is good since they can withstand various wet ingredients and still BE A CHIP (not a pile of mush!)  Piled on top of these delicious chips is: carne asada meat (perfectly seasoned and tender), pinto beans (not in a sauce, just naked and happy to be eaten), mouthwatering pico de gallo, sour cream, guacamole, and queso fresco (I believe).  There is too much for one person (unless you grossly overeat)-even when my fiance and I ate like fat people, we still barely finished it TOGETHER!! Also, the nachos are $6.30!!  So it's a great deal!So check this place out if you're in the area..I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed!
2	*2.5 StarsI had been meaning to check out Burritos Juarez for a while now, but never got around to it until yesterday. It was OK. I ordered a carne asada burrito with cheese, sour cream and guacamole. I didn't know that they charged extra for all three of those items. It wasn't much extra, but still. Extra for cheese? Really? Anyway, I probably should have paid more attention to the menu. The burrito came out and was pretty skinny. The flavor of the beef wasn't that great, and everything tasted pretty bland. Most of the flavor came from the cheese (which was very good, btw) and the sour cream. They also give you salsa in squeeze-bottles, which was nice and I've never seen that before at a Mexican place. The red sauce had a nice smokey flavor to it, and the green sauce was OK, though I'm usually not a fan of green sauces. I may visit this place again. It's pretty close to my work, the prices are reasonable ($7.xx for a burrito and soda, would have been $5 and change if I hadn't opted for the extra toppings) and some of the other menu items look pretty tasty. The employees were super-nice and the place was really clean, but, based on that burrito, not so great.
5	The place is legit finally, coming from a guy that was raised in juarez/el paso. I've only tasted the barbacoa and colita de pavo and there both off the chain. Unfortunatley they only sell the barbacoa on fri, sat, sun. Most mexican spots that pro-claim they have barbacoa is only dried up brisket. This is beef cheek, which the flavor is the best compared to any other meat. Its  greasy, but what do u expect ur eating mexican food. Colita de pavo is a favorite back home and like i said its the only restraunt in vegas that has some. Roberto's is a disgrace to mexican food and doesnt even close to authentic. Its made for american people that dont know any better. I've waited for years and tried mostly every mexican restraunt in town to assimilate the authenticity from juarez/el paso. Its about time that's all I can say!!!
4	I came back to try their barbacoa tacos since they only have it on the weekend and i leave a happy person! The service was excellent this time I guess they see now I'm going to be a regular..I would have never found this place if it wasn't for this website and I have been driving past it for a few years now. I felt like I was in mx since I walked in w the music and the murals of Juarez on the walls. I ordered a steak torta that tasted like the good old days and regretted not seeing the chile relleno burrito before I placed my order so I'll be back for that. I'll hv to agree w the other reviews this is much more legit" than all the other Mexican fast food restaurants around. It's too bad today was not the weekend to try their barbacoa;))I came back for the chile relleno burrito and really loved it i asked them to replace the cream with mayo just because i love mayo on everything! the only thing i didn't like was the enclosed smell of the place, i am such a clean freak so i wish they would have opened the doors so it didn't smell so much like beans or eggs inside:(We were not over impressed with the flautas but everything else so far has been pretty good.
4	I stopped by yesterday n got my reg chile relleno burrito w mayo;) and tried their steak sopes for the first time, it was pretty good I just wish they used Mexican cream instead of reg sour cream. Other than that the sopes were nice and fried (so a little greasier than I would prefer) but it wouldn't be real traditional Mexican other way! I enjoyed it.
4	As previously stated in other reviews... I love me some Tacos...  And as such, I'm always in search for real, authentic flavorful tacos...  I was helping out a friend near this area of town and I was hungry, so I got on Yelp and searched for "tacos".This place showed up.  The whole name caught my eye since here in Vegas you really can't find a decent burrito and I grew up in Juarez, although I really didn't think the name was because of the city... but more of a family last name.  I skimmed the reviews and saw the word "barbacoa" and I just had to see if this was for real.I got there right before closing and was very disappointed that they only sell "barbacoa" on the weekend (I stopped here on a Monday night).As I walked in, the whole "Ciudad Juarez" came into focus.  The guy at the counter was very helpful, nice and friendly.  He apologized for not having what I was looking for, so I settled for some carne asada and pastor tacos.I hadn't noticed that there was a 3rd person in the back.  As I talked more and more to the counter guy about Juarez and the food and such, the guy from the back said that they had a bit of leftover barbacoa from the night before.  They asked me if I wanted to switch my order and that they'd make me barbacoa tacos instead.  I decided that I'd take my original order plus an order of barbacoa.For a simple to-go order of 8 tacos, the service was slow, but again, I appreciated the fact that they had the barbacoa that I was looking for so I'm letting this slide... for now.I got my food and brought it home.  They wrapped each taco in aluminum foil - a waste of foil if you ask me, as each square can easily hold 3 or 4 tacos of the same food type.  The carne asada tacos were very good.  I've had better, even at the Roberto's by my place (although I am a regular at said Roberto's, so they already know what I want and how my order goes), but I can definitely order them again.The pastor tacos were good.  Can't complain too much on these as I love pastor.  Flavor was there...  but they could've had a bit more meat in them.Now for the main event... tacos de barbacoa.  What can I say about this...HOLY TOLEDO... FINALLY, REAL BARBACOA IN LAS VEGAS!!!  (Is this to subtle???)The barbacoa was DELICIOUS!!!A bit on the greasy side, but nothing you can't fix with a couple of napkins.I have to say that Burritos Juarez has found a new customer.  Prices could be a bit cheaper on the tacos since they use small size tortillas but charging Roberto's pricing (and Roberto's uses the larger corn tortillas)I can definitely recommend this place to anyone and you won't regret it...--That being said as my review, I want to add something about this place for people talking about the "Chicos" tacos."Chicos Tacos" is a restaurant in El Paso, Texas (and there also used to be one in Juarez by the Parque Borunda if I recall correctly, but that one closed down a while back... I think)"Chicos Tacos" is an acquired taste; people either love them or hate them.  The type/style is basically small flautas (or what people in the US call "taquitos") served in a small paper container similar to the ones used for nachos.  They are then drenched/soaked with a broth type soup/watery tomato liquid and topped off with american cheese.I personally prefer the regular, traditional Mexican flautas with cheese and Mexican style crema (not sour cream).
5	I give them 5 stars because I there is no 1/2 point. They are excellent. I bumped up to 5 because the service was so friendly and the food really was worthy of 5 stars. My only MINOR sadness was no cilantro for my menudo (I forgot to ask and should have-can't fault them). I ordered the barbacoa taco (beef cheek) EXCELLENT--flavorful with onions, cilantro and a squeeze of lime to cut the richness. No skimping on the meat here, either! The menudo is some of the best I've had. No "gamey" flavor. Rich, flavor broth, tender tripe,  Mexican oregano (I have never seen that offered on the side before!) and the bread--the aroma wafted from the bag and was intoxicating!! I wish I had asked for cilantro and some cabbage, but again..my fault. And the "piece de resistance" NACHOS I deviated from the usual carne asada and got the shredded beef because it just sounded good. These are better than "Bob's" on SOOOO many levels!!  1: The chips - Fresher, not greasy, better flavor and enough salt. (and more of them). 2. The beans Not a glob of refried beans! Actual pinto beans and delicious at that! 3. The beef Tons of it, tender, flavorful, delicious. 4 excellent pico de gallo. 5. fresh guacamole evenly dispersed 5.what tastes like mexican crema again, even dispersed across the nachos. 6 Finally, and this is a biggie for me COTIJA cheese, not cheddar. Cheddar is greasy--cotija is not. It is a white tasty cheese. Their salsas are also really good they have a red and green, neither overly spicy, but flavorful. I am sure they have some hot stuff, and I can't wait to return to try more, just didn't want to seem a pig my first visit :)
4	Small little place stuck in the corner of this shopping center.  Not sure if you'll notice it unless you are looking.  They have a small curb side sign, but there are a dozen or so taco stands that display the same way, easy to overlook.I've had a couple of the burritos, my favorite, carne asada, the beef is tender and juicy.  I have also had their nachos which are very different.  The chips are layered with your choice of meat, I got the asado (marinated pork), beans, pico, guacamole, sour cream, and cotija cheese.  You can add the jalapenos if you like.Very good overall, with decent prices.
5	There will be more reviews to come, but I have only had the shredded beef burrito and it was amazing!  I was a little disappointed it didn't come with cheese, but dealt with it because the taste was so great.  Just ordered my second shredded beef burrito and added all the fixings.  We've been looking for great Mexican place in town and have only found one other place,(Lindo Michoacan) where we spend a massive amount.  This is great Mexican food, made by very nice people and hard to find here in Vegas for their great prices.
4	Good authentic mexican food.  I ordered the turkey tail tacos  (which are soft tacos)  and they were surprisingly delicious.  I also got the juarez flautas which were extraordinary.  the only reason I took a star away is because it does not have much ambience,  but great for a quick meal.
5	After many years of trying to find a place that cooks in a decent Northern Chihuahua style. Thankfully a friend told me about Burritos Juarez. Colitas de Pavo, hot dogs, tortillas and Chico's style tacos all make this place the #1 destination for anyone from El Paso, TX or Cd. Juarez. All of the other dishes are as good as any other Mexican joint in tow
5	Nice, affordable mom and pop shop. My husband and I picked up a couple of quesadillas, nachos and carne asada fries. I had the nachos without meat. They were amazing. Best nachos I've had in a long time. He had the carne asada fries and loved them. We'll definitely go back.
5	Try the El Paso Style Taquitos....this place takes me back to my childhood. Great Prices, Friendly Staff & yummy authentic food!
