4	Where the French fail at artery-clogging, trashy comfort food, the Quebecois succeed. Belle Province's assembly-line fast food is just like you used to have at schoolyard barbeques, right down to the skinny hot dogs and gluey buns. But they have their own twists: I took some friends here once, who were blown away by the fact that they put sauerkraut on their burgers. Hey, it works!This is also one of the best places to get real poutine. They give you a big styrofoam bowl with thick-cut fries layered with cheese curds, then drown it in gravy; the proportions of the three ingredients are, to my mind, just right. Don't get fooled by other places that give you poutine with skinny fries, or shredded cheese (wtf?), or that don't mix in the curds so they get all molten.
2	My first poutine.  Quite possibly, my last poutine.Was vacationing in Montreal and this place was the nearest in walking distance that advertised serving poutine.  The two hotdog meal with the bowl of poutine looked alright.  We ordered 3 (1 each).Hotdogs were sub-mediocre.  I'd rather eat packaged hotdogs cooked on a skillet at home.  That's not a good sign.  The toppings on the hotdogs which included some pickled vegetables (a kind of saurkraut) was a bit funky.  I recommend these only if you're either high or starving.  Our excuse was the latter.The poutine was also very blah.  I didn't imagine the fries to be so soggy and burnt.  And when they are in that condition, the gravy just helps form a mortar-like paste so that you have to dig and dig with your fork to break it all apart.  Make a note of this:  You cannot use that fork in your esophagus, so eat wisely.  I have a feeling that if I ate any more of this stuff that a Cardiac surgeon would need to jab a fork into my aorta.We came here because it was convenient, and we wanted to see what all the kids ate when on a budget.  The expectations weren't very high, but we had a meal.  It was, a meal.  Plain and simple.  I kind of didn't want to eat for the next day and I'm just thankful that I didn't order some of the more exotic abominations on the menu (such as that giant family-sized plate of poutine).It's cheap, but you get what you pay for here.  Poo-tine.
5	Love La Belle Pro. Classic all-dressed steamies (though unfortunately no longer for 49 cents) and a great poutine, lots of delicious cheese curds and tasty gravy that isn't beefy (like New York Fries). Though the fries are a little thick-cut for me, they are still good (and greasy). I don't think they accept credit cards though, but maybe that changes from location to location.
3	THE BELLE PRO IS NO LONGER AT THIS LOCATION. It is now a police station - no word yet on the quality of their poutine, but the early returns are looking good. Basically, if this location comes up as an option when you're downtown and needing a poutine, don't go. Because it's not there. Do go to another Belle Pro however. This review is less a knock on Belle Pro and more a knock on Yelp for including out of date information.
