5	What a great new addition! This place carries all the fine things in life: art, coffee, and sweets! It's a brand new gallery on Selwyn that caters to the caffeine and sweet tooth crowds.They have a few tables outside or lots of spaces to choose from inside. I think the chairs on the inside are so fun and creative! Each sitting area offers ample seating and they are all sectioned off really well. The work is done by local artists (e.g., paintings, jewelry, and pottery). They also offer free WiFi...add this place to your list of "places to do work." The employees are very friendly, which adds to the overall warm atmosphere. Tizzerts provides the yummy desserts...the carrot cake is delicious!Come check this new art gallery/coffee shop out and support the local artists!
4	Checked out FABO the other day. Was driving around looking for a new coffee shop, or at least one I haven't tried and remembered FABO from my drive-by the other day. New place offering jewelry, art and coffee. Like Faith D said, a great new addition! They serve food and are expanding their offerings in the coming weeks. They also serve hazelnut coffee, which is my favorite, so I'm a fan just based on that. Considering the environment and location, and the outdoor seating, this place is a great stop. Free WiFi too, so it's a good pit stop place to do some work.
4	What a unique place!As Faith says - art, coffee and treats! Plus, there is a great space to hang out with your laptop and get a bit of work done. Or just eat a delicious cookie and indulge in a latte...your choice. FABO is such a cool concept - you'll spy tons of really interesting items - like awesome art, lovely jewelry and nifty pottery in an all around laid back atmosphere. Just about everything you see is for sale, so you could quite literally get some coffee, get some work done, enjoy local art and buy fabulous gifts all in one shop! That's efficiency. The staff here are super sweet and if they don't have a coffee beverage to suit your taste, they'll do their best to whip up something to your liking. Parking wise, there is a lot adjacent to the shop and plenty of parking in the garage, too. Next time I'm in the area craving a caramel latte and some quiet, cool space to get some work done I will come back to FABO!
5	Amazing.  Art, Jewelry, Coffee, Food.....and now Beer and Wine?  It doesn't get much better than that.  Oh wait, it does... its LOCALLY owned, and features only local artists.  Regardless of what you are looking for, you can get a great taste of Charlotte and all it has to offer.   The owner is awesome and its the perfect place to browse, come to meet a friend, have a business meeting, or have a larger event.
5	I don't know why it took me so long to get my butt to FABO. Maybe it's because I kept calling it FABU to myself instead of FABO or that I didn't know what the name was all about? Well, I found out about the name today--Fabulous Art Buying Opportunity. I saw a post from them saying mention you saw on Facebook that they are offering free coffee today and you could get a 12 oz cup for free. Free java? On it like cream and sugar!Cute place full of natural light, decent amount of seating, local beers, wines (saw some from Napa) and an abundance of drinks to make any coffee and tea drinker happy. I had to whole devil and angel on my shoulders thing going on in regards to buying one of their turtle brownies or not. Ok....regarding all of their pastries. I love that they have art that is drinkable, edible, hangable and wearable!! I perused their art area checking out the headbands, hats, earrings, plates, chairs, etc. They have a number of unique items that would make a great gift if you are looking for something fabulous and different! Now that I know they have free Wi-Fi, I will be back for sure.  I was the only person in there but hope more people check out it, I want this place to succeed! So tasty treats, variety of drinks, art, free Wi Fi, booze and showing themselves via social media? Five stars indeed!
5	FABO is the newest blessing in my local life!  Great coffee, always a place to sit and they have free wifi and soymilk to boot.  Funky chairs, real art, stuff made by hand, everywhere.They have great ambience for working on the weekend and relaxing when you're not working!   So please, for the love of all that's holy, stop by and support these guys.  Bring your mom, bring your friend, bring your new hot date!  This coffee shop is awesome and it's right next to all the fun new stores on Selwyn and it's a stone's throw from the restaurants on Montford.
4	Have you ever been under-dressed for a coffee shop? As a newcomer to Charlotte, I have definitely gotten used to being under-dressed just about everywhere I go, however, being under-dressed at a coffee shop was a new one for me. FABO is a unique addition to the standard coffee shops usually found around the Queen City. Not only do they serve a wide range of espresso and coffee drinks, they also serve locally made desserts, and showcase a large assortment of art from local artists. No chain feel here! FABO initially feels like a place where the beautiful people drink their coffee. However, in spite of the fact that my yoga pants, running shoes, and zip-up hoodie were totally out of place at this swank little joint, I had a great time meeting my friends for some delicious coffee and casual chit-chat in the cool but comfy chairs separated around the room "just-so" to create little havens for students interested in doing schoolwork, moms meeting up after pre-school dropoff (guilty!), and businessmen reading a paper and scanning their smartphones.I can't wait to go back! Yoga pants and all... Try the amazing chocolate chip cookies. Delish! This neighborhood really needed a coffee shop and I am so pleased to see FABO open its doors!
5	Cute coffee shop right on Selwyn with great coffee pastries and fun art to look at.  Love it
4	I went to FABO for CYME today (and to support Puppy Reba).  The staffs are super nice (thank you for hosting us!).  It's a neat concept, gift/art shop, coffee/wine/beer/snacks all in one.  There are a table or two and sofa seating plus free wifi.  And I think they have student discount.  I am always for local businesses, I definitely will be back :)
4	Definitely a neat place!A beautiful variety of artwork, kind staff and a neat assortment of drinks and pastries. I dropped in here for the CMYE today and although I couldn't snack out on the sliders and other Yelpy treats, I did get a tasty frozen soy latte.I definitely wanna check this place out when not on a time restraint (and when I'm not there mostly for Reba the most adorable, well-behaved puppy I've met in a while).Only recommendation? More vegan/alternative food love! Carry one gluten-free/vegan item and I'm sure me, gluten-allergic and health freaks will appreciate it :)
4	Swung by FABO yesterday for the Yelp event and was pleasantly surprised; on top of the great coffee and treats, they have local art and jewelry for sale. The shop is sectioned off by shelves (loaded with said art items) in order to create more intimate spaces for smaller groups. We noticed in one section a business meeting, in another a couple of gals catching up over caffeine, and in a third a woman browsing the net with her dog sleeping in his bed on the floor at her feet. What a cool, eclectic crowd!The service was quick and friendly (they even asked if we wanted our croissant warmed or toasted) and the coffee was quite good. I also really liked the art available for sale; it had a "modern" lean to it without being too crazy. The convenient location and interesting decor make this stop a must for anyone in, or passing through, the Selwyn area.
4	I was invited to FABO by my friend Lindsay who is a Yelp Elite member-- but obviously not an elitist because she invited me to tag along-- to a Yelp Elite event that was organized to raise money for the world's cutest puppy.  I never drive to Meyers Park.  Not because it's far from my house, though.  No, it's because A) I didn't really recognize that there was anything cool in Meyers Park (yet another example of me pre-judging a neighborhood by its denizens)  and B) even after 12 years of living in Charlotte I get all mixed up in a neighborhood where one straight road is called by 100 names.  It's like Charlotte's version of the Bermuda Triangle.  Except I've yet to see Elvis or Marilyn Monroe.  How to describe FABO?  It's not just a coffee and pastry shop.  It's not just a wine bar.  It's not just an art gallery.  And it's not just a purveyor of handcrafted jewelry.  It would be safe to say that it's an upscale-yet hip-morning to evening thirst quenching bastion of culture and beauty.  I've always wanted to use an all-encompassing term like "boho chic" or "urban rustic" to cover both ends of a spectrum and all points between, but I had to use more words.  I'm still working on a more succinct description of FABO.  Here's what I have to say:  GO TO FABO!!  If you're like me and get lost in the Meyers Park maze, pull a Hansel and Gretel move and leave a little trail of snacks so you can find your way home.  Just make sure you give FABO a try ASAP.
4	What a cool spot!! Shame on me for always getting hooked into Mellow Mushroom and not even noticing this place before the lovely Nicole W. had our Yelp event there! Great space for chatting with friends, getting some work done, having an after dinner drink/before movie drink/anytime drink! Beautiful artwork and jewelry are everywhere in here - even the chairs are handmade pieces of art with some Ikea mixed in.Staff here is really what makes the place - want to sample something? Just ask! The beer selection could be better (No Olde Meck!) but the wine list is fun and varied, and begs for me to come back and try it out!
4	A unique dog friendly spot on Selwyn that I discovered through YELP, FABO stands for A Fabulous Art Buying Opportunity.  It features over 50 LOCAL artists (pottery, jewelry, textiles, paintings, a really cool messenger bag that I wanted and more!!).  Friendly owners.  Coffee and goodies.  Beer and wine.  And free WIFI.  Go hang out and take it all in...there's a lot!
5	This was the third time I've been here and still have not had a beverage other than a taste of their very good Lemonade!  Each time I'm enjoying the Art -  Local Artists represent, Paintings (landscapes, abstracts, many different styles and tastes), Jewelry, cookies with art and more!  Friendly, helpful staff, great spot!***** 12 - 2 - 2012  Update!  Now I have taken my Girlfriend twice and we got Coffee!  Very Good!  Great place to watch the people and the Art is constantly changing!
5	I have to update my FABO review...now that I feel like I live there, I can properly assess all the other wonderful pieces of this fab-u-lous place.Art: CLT has some really, really impressive local artists. If you haven't checked out the art here, you're missing out, holmes. And the jewelery is slammin'. Beer & wine: They have it. While I could stop there, I won't. They have unique wines - chocolate, chocolate raspberry, New Age (aka - Cougar Crack), and plenty of the beer and wine you're used to and fond of. Drink it on the patio - it's gaw-geous. Food, Treats & Vendors: Focaccia bread, pepperoni rolls, Beverly's Gourmet dips and such in a fridge, Secret Chocolatier, Cloister Honey, delightful croissants, muffins, baked goods, Tizzert's treats...the list goes on and on. Coffee: Tasty beans, friends. My personal fave is an iced almond latte - it's like crack in a cup. The quality of the coffee is pretty superb. Work space: You need some quiet space during the day? FABO's got it. Break out your laptop and sit your butt down at a table or a comfy couch. Or, if you have a book club, board meeting, etc. - this is a great space to host it! Staff: Some of the nicest in Charlotte. Welcoming, friendly, helpful - just grand overall. Community outreach & charity: A *huge* supporter of fellow local businesses (evidenced by their many cool partnerships & events) and big-time supporter of doggies. You'll spy many a pup in need of adopting in and around FABO. Pet the doggies, they're sweet. Then adopt them.I can't say enough good things about FABO...it's one of my fave places in CLT.
5	It's just like that rap song F-A-B-O (lous)! It took me awhile to actually go into FABO, since I was weary of anything art-gallery-ish.  Would it be hoity-toity? I can't tell the difference between different art periods, or know about depth-of-field. No fear.  This is an accessible, friendly, fresh art gallery featuring delicious coffees and locally made crafts, furniture and jewelry.  Prices are also reasonable when it comes to art. The environment is open and bright, and inviting.  The people friendly and helpful. The espresso comes from a very fancy automatic machine, ensuring consistency every time.  (Unlike some Starbucks locations where the espresso is and packed and sometimes tastes bitter and burned since everyone packs differently.) The concept is fresh, and the owner is very into community involvement, taking part in special Selwyn events from Yelp or Saturdays on Selwyn with live music, samples and treats.  Whenever I can swing by, I do!  If you're going to spend $3 or $4 on a latte, I'd rather spend it here than anywhere else.
4	FABO I love you. There's so much eclectic stuff to peruse here! Grab a delicious Fabochino($1 off with your yelp check in!) or a Mojito infused iced tea and wander around to check out the local artist's works.They have beer and wine available as well. I've never seena  coffee shop stocking those items! The only thing I'd like them to improve on is that some of the snacks they stock can get a bit dry, and since the bakery is just down the street it shouldn't really be a problem.
5	Admittedly, whenever I hear "coffee house that sells art", I subliminally associate it with "hipsters with a disdainful attitude". FABO blew that theory out of the water.I went for a meeting, and wanted to arrive a few minutes early. The server greeted me with a great attitude, and explained a few things about the artists and what FABO offers food and beverage-wise. Not once did she launch into a monologue, just little snippets of information, and when I asked more questions, she seemed knowledgeable and happy to answer.Ordered a vanilla latte, it was very good. I didn't try any of the pastries, so I can't comment on those, but they looked delicious and fresh. The space is bright, airy, and comfortable. The art and other items for sale are well displayed, making the space interesting to be in, rather than cluttered or visually overwhelming.  There's a good mix of soft seating and coffee tables, plus "regular" tables and chairs. I chatted with the owner for a few minutes and she was lovely, as well, and clearly cares about her customers' satisfaction.I love that this is a place you can stop by for coffee or a glass of wine. I highly recommend FABO, and will be back again!
4	First of all, YAY to any business that offers a hook-up with a yelp check in! This place is electric! Shopping, coffee, beer & wine (which for a fee you can BYOW).Amy really has the "buy local" concept down to a science. Conveniently located on Selwyn Ave., you can stop in here while enjoying the other shops & restaurants in the area. Having a small, intimate meeting? No problem, they have you covered.
5	I really like FABO.  The location is great, right on Selwyn Ave near all the great little food shops and restaurants.  The space is nice, with high ceilings and a number of comfortable sitting areas to enjoy.  They also serve wine and do a little bit of a wine bar thing, but it is not hopping on the weekend or anything.  The art is nice to look at, though not necessarily my style.  It definitely fits the neighborhood however.  Service is swift and friendly.  I had a tasty Fabo-ccino with caramel.  It would be a great spot to meet a friend for coffee or just relax and read.
3	A very neat, eclectic hangout in a neat, eclectic area.Fittingly a few doors down from Mellow Mushroom on Selwyn, FABO is a melting pot of things, offering coffees, wines, beers, and baked treats all within the casual coffee house atmosphere. FABO also fills the space with work by local artists that is up for sale, everything from paintings and sculptures to jewelry and artisan candles. The staff is very warm, making this a fun place to hang out.Granted, there are a few things that could be tweaked, but that could be said of anything. I'm not sure what coffee roaster they are working with, but it's not the pinnacle of coffee beans (I'm not saying it's bad, either). I'd also rethink the harsh florescent lighting, especially after the sun goes down. When sitting on one of the couches, those warehouse style lights can be a little headache-inducing.FABO is off to a great start and has huge potential - I'm excited to see what 2012 brings!
5	Finally got to check out FABO... my expectations/hype was met and exceeded!Went here to kill some time and to study a little bit.  Parking was a bit of a pain, but I am sure people that live off of Selwyn love this place to walk down to.  Actually got parked in the back parking lot and came in from the back...I was warmly greeted (by warmth - it was cold outside), artwork, and aromas of good eats/drinks.After I got over my initial impression of this free-spirited place, I was perusing through he menu and asked the staff if she had recommendations.  I ended up going with a chai tea latte which was very tasty... and VERY affordable.I was looking for a table to study on so there were some nestled in different areas... all of which were occupied.  I ended up on the couch, which at first I thought I could not sit on since some of the furniture had price tags on them.  Made sure to ask first, but the store employee (probably thought I was crazy at this point) said I was welcomed to sit anywhere.  Those pieces just happen to be on sale if you were looking to buy furniture.The artwork was great to look at.  I need to check out how often they switch it out.  I am sure it is very refreshing to have new art on the walls to look at while grabbing a brew or some of the delicious treats that FABO has to offer.
4	Cool place.  I am not really a "real" coffee drinker..I am more of a fake one, but this place has a lot of other items to offer.  They have lots of sweets/baked goods and quite a few of them come from the neighboring bakery "Edible Art."  They also have some prepared dishes (dips, soups, sandwiches) which come from  the ever-popular "Something Classic Cafe" on East Blvd.  I also would recommend their energy/meal bar they sell at the counter.  They are tasty and packed with a ton of essential nutrients to keep you going through the day!  The reason I like this place is because it is so eclectic!  It offers wine and live music at night, coffee and baked goods during the week, fun shabby chic furniture for sale, art for sale and beautiful jewelry for sale.  The home and jewelry items are a little expensive but very unique and nice quality.  I love the fact that everything is from LOCAL artists.  Supporting this place is essential!  :)I have only been here during the day and the only annoying aspect of Fabo is all the soccer moms that gather here after their morning jogs.  It tends to get a little loud so while wifi is offered, it is hard to get much done in there at certain times.  That is minor in comparison to all the other positives!  But, had to hate a little...:)
5	FABO (Fabulous Art Buying Opportunity) is a spot like no other in Charlotte. Located on Selwyn Avenue, this shop works with local artists to sell their artwork, handmade pottery, jewelry and more. In addition, FABO sells coffee, tea, wine, bite size snacks and more. FABO is not only a coffee shop (for lack of a better word) but also a gallery of sorts showcasing the work of local artists, all of which are are for sale. While sipping your cafe mocha or picking at your snickerdoodle cookie, you are immersed in the creativity that fills the room.
5	I heart art+I heart wine+I heart being wined and dined =All of theses things come to life at FABO!!!!FABO is by far one of the most unique and intriguing places I've ever had the pleasure of going. Located right off of Selwyn Ave in downtown Charlotte, FABO is right in the mix of it all. FABO offers a fun and relaxing environment for all of its guest. As you walk in the door you will be kindly greated by The Glass House attendant. The Glass House is FABO's inhouse wine and beer bar. It provides customers with a wide variety of tasty beverages that you can sample by the glass. Pricing for your delicious beverage of choice is affordable and well worth it. During my first visit to FABO, I had the pleasure of enjoying an impeccable glass of Riesling wine, a Kabinett, by Karl Kaspar. My tastebuds were very pleased with this mid-day pick me up, so sweet and delicious.Once you've made your way past the The Glass House counters, you will find a decadent display of a countless cheeses, and baked goodies. These mouth watering treats are available all day everyday, and are sure to leave your tummy wanting more. During this trip I chose not to sample these tasty treats, instead I've chosen to experience these treats and the FABO coffee bar for a later study date.Another pleasant surprise about FABO, is that it is surprisingly quiet and busy. Perhaps the hanging assortment of traveling art, mixed in with a class of wine or espresso creates this pleasant and thought-filled atmosphere.Giving me the comfort of home when I'm nestled up working in their one of a kind "home-chairs," while simultaneously taking me into a whimsical place filled with countless styles of artwork. FABO provides a great change of pace that I'll be implementing into my regular routine. So be on the look out for my FABO Review part II. And until then do yourself a favor and grab a handle of friends and make your way down to FABO asap, I promise you won't be disappointed.  =)
5	I'm not sure where Fabo begins and Glass House ends and vice versa...they are kind of like a two for one deal! That being said this place offered a relaxed vibe with cool art, treats, wine, coffee etc. basically a ladies paradise (the perfect place for a happy hour !) Service is awesome and they are more than happy to help you figure out a wine you like or suggest a delicious treat. My only teeny tiny gripe is that the plastic chairs that went with the glass table were a tad on the flimsy (and uncomfortable) side so I think they should upgrade a bit as soon as they can afford it ...they felt as though they were going to break soon. Anyway it's dog friendly and super fun so I'll be back!
4	Another one of those odd Charlotte combinations that I keep finding. Ive heard great things about FABO. Stopped by after a visit to the dentist upstairs. Grabbed a quick coffee and sat outside for a minute. Cool concept. I am looking forward to going back and checking out how their wine selection and treats are. Def will be back. Just be careful where you park. They dont have very friendly neighbors.
5	For all those fortunate type-from-wherever-with-Wifi hoards who call the coffeeshop their office, there simply can't be a more convenient respite than FABO. Adorably decorated partitions separate sections and fill them with conversation-friendly couches while in other areas, you can find a communal table to plug away on. In other words, there's plenty of seating and plenty of choose-your-own-adventure options (bar, outdoors, couch, table... endless!) Should you seek coffee sustenance, the full bar can readily arm you with an iced latte or hot brew.Find yourself there later, or just looking to casually sip on wine during the daytime hours, FABO shares its concept with The Glass House (a petite wine and beer offshoot that seamlessly blends into the coffeehouse space). The available selection offers some finely curated wines that you can enjoy by the glass and also craft brews sure to please any suds snob. I hit the peaks of pleasure when my gorgeous glass of Sauv Blanc had a $6 price point. On a nice afternoon (which there doesn't seem to be anything but in fair Charlotte), you can sit outdoors facing Selwyn Ave and bask beneath the orange orb in the sky. Sounds stellar? It is!
5	Wonderful place! The ambiance with the art gallery is great.  I met a friend here for coffee and we ended up staying much later enjoying the great beer list.  The wine list looks equally amazing.  I had 3 brews I had never tried before and fell in love with one.  Highly recommend if you are into exotic brews and tasty beverages!Oh, and the service was wonderful too! Let the beer fairies help divine for you a great beverage experience.
4	Well, after much time spent in the Selwyn area, I finally made it into FABO. Nice to see a local coffee shop amongst other tightly packed businesses on Selwyn Ave and what a wonderful addition it is. Stopped in for a frostier coffee beverage on a hot Saturday afternoon. I was met at the door with ART coming out of every orifice! Tons of paintings, hand-crafted statuettes, pottery, jewelry and other mixed media pieces. None of this distracts from the overall aesthetic. Just like it says on the outside of the shop: Art Coffee Goodies. In that order. I felt like I was standing in a gallery whilst watching the barista make our beverage. So much to look at and always changing, from what I understand. The menu is pretty standard for a coffee joint. Coffee, espresso, lattes, frappes....The one thing that make FABO great is option of beer and wine. Not many shops have all of these under one roof. I could come in here and work for an entire day, fully caffeinated mind you, or wander in on a Friday evening with my wife, grab a glass of wine or a beer and peruse the art. That's versatility. Happy to find some goodies near the front of the store. Local honey, leather bags/wallets and some food items too. Some supplemental to lunch or a light dinner. Look out. If you're not careful, you'll just ask if you can move in! All of the amenities for a creative type under one moniker. Thanks for the ice-packed coffee, FABO! Looking forward to a weekday visit to get some work done and inhabit your inspiring atmosphere once more! Cheers!
2	I consider myself a pretty good judge of what tastes good. My palate is five star Michelin! The mocha I had here was bad. The "throw it out and roll over to Starbucks where you know what you are going to get" bad.It tasted like water with a shot of coffee grounds. It really did. Though the art is nice and the ambiance recieves an A+, I am coming for the coffee at these joints. I can get my art at the museum. I won't be back, but would love to find a wonderful espresso drink at this end of town. Afraid for now, that place has a Star and a Bucks in the name.In giving the benefit of the doubt, and a curious hmmmm with the other reviews, I arrived at 10 am. Also, the "barista" was a nervous pup who spent close to 5 minutes ringing my order after I tripped him up by offering an after the tender 12 cents to receive a 5 in change. He fumbled and shook it seemed, making my drink. There was not another worker in sight to help. I would have sampled it before I left this not so FAB experience if the drink was not scalding hot.
3	Nice enough place, but has nothing but beer, wine, coffee, pastries, and art.  Wifi was broken, small selection of beer, no food other than pastries.  Crowd is rich, middle-aged, housewives drinking wine and cackling about trips to cancun.  If thats your thing, then this is your place.
4	Anyone who loves the arts would like this place a lot. The staff were very friendly and kindly explained to me that everything they have including the arts and crafts, coffee beans, and deserts are all made/ grown locally. They do have a dining area with Wi-Fi, and it's usually pretty quiet. FABO is a great place to chill or get some work done in a cozy, art-filled environment.
5	LOVED IT! They had amazing coffee. I really enjoyed the barista, she was sweet and approachable. The place is CROWDED with local art but it's all very cool. It's all for sale but some of it was just more than I can afford. They had no problem with my roomie and I plugging our laptops in and getting some work done. You see business folks and college kids there alike. They have half off wine bottles on certain days that I think I need to check out yet.
5	I love FABO!  It is a great place to get a coffee or a glass of wine with friends.  I go there for meetings, as a new place to call my office for the day or to buy a gift.  I love that you know you are buying from local artist when you shop at FABO!  Definitely one of Charlotte's finest gems!
3	The owner responded to my Yelp comment and offered sincere apologies and invited me back for any drink on her. Nice!(I am rolling over the three stars as one must in order to post here...I have not had a chance to take the owner up on her lovely offer)
