3	If you are looking for an office/admin job AppleOne is not a bad resource. If you need a terribly large amount of hand-holding in the process, you might want to look elsewhere.I ended up using AppleOne after applying to a listing they had posted on Monster and getting a call from one of their recruiters. i made an appointment and after filling out a series of forms, taking various policy quizzes and completing a battery of proficiency tests for the software I claimed to be familiar with, I received email notifications of available jobs and occasional calls from my recruiter about positions for which she thought I was especially suited. I went on between 5 and 8 interviews over the approximately 2 months I was searching with AppleOne. While my recruiter was always insistent that I call her afterward to see how the interview went and whether I would be interested in the position if it were offered to me, she was not generally very good at providing the promised follow up when the company made a decision. Also, getting ahold of the recruiter was sometimes tricky. Since their time is apparently very limited the reception staff can be a bit persistent about attempting to help you themselves, which can be hit or miss, but I could generally get a message through which was usually returned within a few daysI did eventually get one of the positions for which they suggested me (and she did let me know about that). During the 3 months I was employed through AppleOne, I would occasionally receive feedback from the recruiter about about how my boss thought I was doing, though she did make these phone calls at rather odd hours. The online timecard system AppleOne has set up is straightforward and reliable, but it doesn't load properly on some browsers, so you may need to download one that it is compatible with (Firefox falls into the A-ok category, Safari does not). The direct deposit payment plan is convenient and payments were always made on time or early.I would use AppleOne again, if I needed to find another office job, but I would also recommend job seekers continue their own searching efforts after joining the AppleOne applicant pool.
1	I applied for a job through AppleOne yesterday, went to their website and registered and set up an "interview" for tomorrow at 10. I just got a phone call from them. Vanessa immediately put me on the defensive by saying that I was looking for an admin job but the majority of my experience is in retail. (So she apparently didn't bother to actually read my resume? Nice). I corrected her on her mistake, mentioned my collective admin experience, my Bachelor's degree, and that I was a stay at home mom for 6 years. She then informed me that since I have no sizeable recent admin experience that they couldn't place me in anything admin because most of their clients want someone with recent experience, and then she told me she was cancelling my appointment and sending me a list of agencies that might be better suited to help me (which was just a scanned list of very poor quality with names and phone numbers). Maybe I'm just projecting because I'm frustrated in general but I am FURIOUS! She was so rude and unhelpful and snarky.  I have been unemployed for almost a year - I have found that I am either underqualified or overqualified.  I was hoping that "interviewing" with an employment agency would be helpful, but this experience has left me completely stumped.  I am beyond dissatisfied with AppleOne and their treatment of me.  Don't bother!!
4	I was reluctant to try a employment service, but after countless submitting of resumes and going no where I broke down and decided to try a few.  AppleOne was very through and top notch out of the three I used.   I would definitely recommend   them as now I have a nice job.  I liked the fact they have positions that are applicable to all, and the locations, makes it so much easier that looking at emails all day from all the sites!!
2	Sara Platz left the company & I wasn't able to secure one interview. Signed up with another agency, had two interviews in one week. Relocated back to the DMV area, so all worked out in my favor in the end.
2	I spent a good 40 minutes filling out their very detailed online application. Through the application I was able set up an interview. Great, right? Nope. A woman called me 4 hours before the scheduled interview to tell me that she doesn't think their agency is a good fit because I don't have 3 years recent administrative experience. Are you kidding me?!? I have a BA, I'm bilingual, I've worked as an administrative assistant for 1 year, and I've managed a bar for three years. Apparently non of this proves that I'm competent and hard working. I looked through their posted jobs and many of them don't require any experience at all, so there really shouldn't be an issue.The only reason they get two stars is because the lady who phoned me was so polite.
