5	Best poutine hands down the regular one always hits the spot but if your in the mood for a little bit more, the Italian poutine with extra sauce is indescribably good. I wish I could make that meat sauce at home but they didn't want to share the secret.. Go figure but who can blame them. Been going there for years and I've never been disappointed. There's a great terrace in the summer. The food is served fresh and fast. The quantity and quality for what you pay is so worth it.
4	We were adventuring on Gouin Boulevard - an old road wrapping the top of the island that passes by a massive 19th century prison, sacre coeur hospital and waterfront parks, when we passed a bright casse-croute diner sign with the magical words "24hrs." We pulled over for steamies and poutine, found a tiny 2 person booth and had food within minutes that was hot, huge, delicious, and inexpensive. Serving up satisfaction guaranteed for 30 years, the staff are cool, friendly, pros, seemlessly bilingual. Regular poutine was good, Italian poutine was great, steamies were perfect, and all the old people sitting around the counter were eating giant plates piled high with stuff I'm going to have to come back and try. Paolo and Suzanne are open 24hrs and serve breakfast all day ie; je t'aime.
4	Open 24hr sdoesn't mean that quality will suffer. On the contrary, this establishment has been serving consistently excellent food for over 30 years! From breakfast to dinner, eggs benedict to steaks, you will find a wide choice of local comfort food you would expect from a Montreal diner. Although there are 8 different variations to choose from, I personally have a weakness for their classic Poutine. Definitely worth a stop if you're around the corner. Also a good time to say "hi" to the local law enforcement agents who regularly hang out there.
3	I visited during lunch with a coworker a few days ago and I though it's location was quiet and amiable. I ordered the Philly Bomb poutine which sadly I did not enjoy.Firstly the Italian sausages were too spicy and there was far too much onion and peppers that completely removed the taste of the poutine in my mouth. I barely even tasted the sauce.The service was quick and efficient and the price tag was reasonable.The portion size was ridiculously huge.I'll go back, try something simpler and probably update this review accordingly.Did I mention this place is open 24/7? You can have crepes anytime? Now if only In find the right poutine for me and I'll probably lease the appartment next door...
4	The best gravy ever!! The only problem i had was the meat they used didn't taste that good.. Kind of ruined the poutine for me personally but overall it was pretty damn good!
4	Tried the smoked meat poutine and a grilled hot dog. This poutine was far more delicious for me and the grilled hot dog was just right.I strongly recommend what I ordered and will be visiting again.Service was great and the prices was affordable.
5	Have been here a couple of times with friends after a late night drinking and the food here is just perfect for that. A variety of delicious poutines, breakfast food at any time of day (I'd definitely recommend the 222 special, which is 2 eggs done the way you want, 2 bacon and 2 sausages, beans, bread and potatoes) and other greasy foods you'll love.The place has a nice diner look to it, staff if friendly and service is always fast. Just last time I was there the place was full and I decided to try their 3D Burgers, which having 3 slices of bread, 3 slices of cheese (grilled), two burgers and bacon, it was some of the best burgers I've had! Also, a side of fries, of course. Everything is fairly priced, so if you're looking for a good place to chill and eat with your buddies, I'd definitely recommend this place.
5	Ok its been a while but let me keep it simple ..if there is a place you need to go to at least 7 times in your life its this joint right here .... this place makes the best Caesar salad you'd forget that your in a hot dog joint .. i can't use the words i would like to use to explain how good their food it but if you end up there and don't get their double house burger and bacon poutine then life it self has no meaning ! I'd sell my first born for one of their burgers !
5	hands down the best poutine in the city! The staff is AMAZING! The owner is outgoing, warm, and gregarious! He engages everyone in such a positive way and everyone knows him by name!
4	Great place to get ur grease on! Or have a delicious breakfast at any given time. Small place,limited seating but fun & tasty!
4	I didn't like the outside look . But  I loved their chicken Burger. Chefs Angelo made it with care. Quality of the chicken was 4/5 , price is reasonable, service is good. MacDonald or subway charge the same for less of quality. I want to try the beef philly next. Go n try..
5	If you are craving diner food, Paulo & Suzanne is the place to go. I discovered this gem a couple of months ago and have since returned multiple times. The grilled hot dogs and poutine are my favorite. There is nothing like an all-dressed dog grilled to perfection. As for the poutine, you have an array of choices. I tried the chicken and onion poutine and it was bowl licking delicious. The only downside is regarding payment method; they only take cash and most of the time the ATM is not working. Bring your dollars and your experience here will be unforgettable.
5	I've recently been back . and all i have to say is that this place get better .. they now have a breakfast poutine and their single size portions are fit for a king ... if you haven't been to Paulo & Suzanne .WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR !  GO .. JUST PUT DOWN THE DEVICE AND GO
1	Two weeks ago we decided to try their poutine.  The staff was very disrespectful and the food was terrible.The smokers in front of this dive should have been a dead give away!The lack of basic English on the menu to allow a customer to decide what was being offered was deplorable.Never again!
4	Solid poutine the hotdogs were good. The portions here are massive! The service was great. The place looks like an old diner and seemed very clean. The fact this place can put out a solid poutine at 4 a.m is a major plus! Great late night spot
5	This is my go to place for breakfast. My bf and I come here at least 1 a week. Everything on the menu is AMAZYing! The people, the waitress and food is what makes us a regular customer!! I really recommend the breakfast and poutine!! Yummmm :)
5	It's 3 am, you sit down and ask, "Do you serve breakfast at this time?". The answer will always be "yes of course" followed with a smile. I usually get the stink eye from waitresses from other 24 hour joints whenever I ask that question in the middle of the night. No matter the time of day, you will always get great service at Paulo & Suzanne.The menu is great, from the breakfast to the philly steak sandwich to the POUTINES. Ah yes, the poutines. I am a big fan of the BBO (Bacon/Beef/Onion) myself. If you do decide to pick up a poutine and love pepper sauce on it, ask to change the sauce on it. Paulo has hands down the best value for money poutines in Montreal and would probably rank in the top 5 overall on this island.The ONLY flaw it has is that it's a CASH only establishment and their ATM isn't always functional.I would gladly take great service and food over a functioning ATM. Anytime!4.8/5
