4	Great breakfast or lunch stop ! Try the Chorizo Omelet for starters. They have great soups made fresh daily and build a mean club sandwich. I love this place because Its where real people go to eat. Situated in a largely industrial area that caters to local blue collar workers with a few suits thrown in.  The service is as great as the food, what more could you ask for.
5	good breakfast. just moved to the area and found this place online.  seems like some trucker diner you'd find off the interstate, but inside was nicely remodeled, and food was awsome for breakfast.  most amazing fluffy and huge pancakes.  ommelete and hash browns were nicely prepared, not greasy and filling, but just the right touch of butter.  service was stellar.
4	So happy to find this little gem in our neck of the woods -- but also well worth the trip from anywhere in the Valley. For those interested in supporting local establishments put this one on your list. It's family owned for over 30 years and the owners live in Laveen. It's easy to get to but a bit tricky to find only because it's located in an industrial area and you think you may have made a wrong turn. The inside is remodeled - clean, friendly, and homey. Ross and I tried the chorizo and cheese omelet (served with tortillas) because of the Yelp reviews below and we were not disappointed. YUMMY. We also tried a Texas-sized pancake...HUGE....seriously. Next time we hope to try the Chilaquiles! Awesome service and great food!
2	ordered the huevos con chorizo. it was kinda pricey for the amount of food that was served. plus, the chorizo was pretty bland. i went in the morning and the place was packed with police/sheriff officers who stared at me because i didnt have a uniform.
4	We found Kay's right here through yelp. I feel we had a good solid diner style meal. Kay's exceeded the average expectations I have for diner food.They had a stake and egg burrito ($6) on the specials list and let me have it as a scramble instead. I feel the beef was noticeably above par. (BTW: my husbands family live on a cattle ranch.) The staff was friendly but it did take a extra second for one of the waitresses to come over and let me pay the bill. She apologized as she walked up and in reality it was not that long a wait. With something like that being my only complaint, I'll be going back anytime I'm in town.
4	I had a business meeting down the street from Kay's and Yelp lead me here for some breakfast to get the day going.  This place is in the middle of nowhere. The only things nearby are industrial buildings and warehouse space. It's very easy to miss driving by as it looks just like another warehouse from the street.  The restaurant is pretty big when you get inside with a counter and good number of tables.  We were greeted warmly by the servers and asked to pick any table.  They were really nice and the place had a cool homey feel to it.  I had a breakfast burrito, no meat, add green chills and it was really good.  If you happen to be way over on that side of town this is a great place for breakfast.Try:- Breakfast Burrito
4	WIth an area that is lacking a nice place to go for lunch this place really hits the spot.  Service is great and food is excellent.
4	Your major is sociology and the assignment is exploring idiosyncrasies of various counter cultures. But you procrastinated when the professor was doling out the choices. Now there are only two left. Rednecks and Bikers.You choose the former, but now comes the dilemma. Where in Phoenix can you study rednecks in their natural habitat? (bars and brothels excluded)Well look no further. Kay's is your first stop. Kay's is located in an industrial section of Phoenix surrounded by farms, nearby cattle ranches and all around shit.Surrounded by junkyards, (replete with junkyard dogs) - packs of wild dogs roaming the streets and a gigantic garbage dump next door -  Kay's offers the finest in redneck watching.Yes,the people who harbor these dogs, drive combines, milk cows, and do garbage dumpy stuff all light here, at Kay's.Yes, Kay's will deliver that down-home atmosphere you're seeking, that is, if down home happens to be the back woods of West Virginia.Home to the dentifrice challenged, Kay's is where men wear Wranglers, Roper boots, and all things Carrhart. No fancy jeans here.Here you'll find men whose musk isn't Old Spice or Axe, but Dow Chemical's #105 or Union Carbide's Weevil 'B Gone. Go inside, take a seat and eavesdrop on the next table, let's get started with that assignment, shall we?Redneck breakfast-goer:  "N  I told that little brown puke, this here's Amerca boy, 'n if you don't like it,you can gettttt  the fuuuuckkkk out!, you lil rice-eatin, bean-fartin motherfucker."Redneck's little buddy:  "N  whad he say Earll?"Redneck:   "Lil sumbitch jumped in his '64 Impala 'n made tracks, probably fer Me-hee-co." Little buddy:  "Sposin you tol him Earll."I love going to Kay's for breakfast, but never lunch, even though their lunch specials are to die for. Especially the cheeseburger - one of the best in Phoenix.The breakfasts,especially if you get there around sun up when you'll get to see all these scourilous knaves in their natural habitat, sipping coffee, wolfing lumberjack specials even Denny's would envy, are the total shit!I typically get a bowl of cream of wheat and a couple poached eggs. It comes to nine bucks with coffee and the tip. A little pricey but not when you consider you're smack dab in the middle of a cornucopia of societal throwbacks.Well worth it. I love going to Kay's. Listening in on the conversations. Wondering just how it is Phoenix managed to adopt a little piece of Appalachia in its own backyard.And being a part of a contra culture Jeff Foxworthy would drool over.Note: I should probably mention the owners are nicest folks you'll ever meet and, there are a lot of police in here too. Police must identify with rednecks I suppose.One more thing.Since I gave you the tip on Kay's, I expect to be included in your footnotes.
4	Basic diner food, with a south of border feel. Very attentive service; in fact, we had our meal within five minutes of sitting down.Tables, by the way  - no booths. Like that a lot.Chorizo omelets, with a choice of toast or flour or corn tortillas. Menudo. Giant pancakes. You get the flavor.On the downside, my wife's pancake came with a dollop of margarine that probably came out of a 1/2 gallon tub of GoldnSoft. She's addicted to real butter. And, her bacon was a little too salty.But, overall, I enjoyed Kay's  Kafe. I will return.
5	This is a great little place! This is the kind of diner that most places in the valley wish they could be!!! The food has FLAVOR! The staff is FUN!!! The other customers are nice! Yea there are a few cops that go there, however I've never seen a cop put food down. Even if there was a 211 in progress!!! You'd never think of looking for this place and I drove past it TWICE when I WAS looking for it!!! This is truly a hidden gem!!! It is just a good diner that brings all of what a good diner should be together nicely!!!!! BTW yourself a favor and try the BLT!!!
5	Great lil place for breakfast! Husband and I both had eggs over medium, one sausage, one bacon, hash browns and sourdough toast. Everything was cooked perfect. Very good, fast service!
5	This place is great for breakfast! It's always clean and the servers are wonderful and attentive. Try the Texas style pancakes or the chorizo omelette.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Tried this place for the first time this morning and I'm sure glad I did! I had the best Mexican Eggs Benedict I have ever tried! The chorizo and poached eggs were perfectly cooked and the sauce was delicious. They only serve this dish on Saturdays. I'm putting this place on my list of favorite breakfast places and looking forward to trying some other things on the menu!
4	this place is very unique. it really has great food, i took a picture of the back of the menu that tells the story of this place, it's quite intriguing! i walked in and the lady told me the debit/credit machine is down:( was slightly disappointed because this is where i wanted to eat! so i had to go to quick trip down the road and grab some cash out of the ATM. not to big of a deal, but this would turn most people to another place to eat. i ordered the chorizo plate. the food came with a choice of tortilla's or bread, i got tortillas of course! food was really good and fresh, and you can tell the kitchen is clean cause you can see it! the chorizo unfortunately was not spicy at all, but it was really good so i'm not going to complain to much. i would definately recommend this place because it's really the only decent place around this commercial warehouse area that you can sit down and relax, maybe do some computer work if ya need. it's really perfect for lunch meetings or even breakfast meetings. try it out. you won't be dissapointed.
5	SO RANDOM. SO GOOD. Came close to running scared when I saw this place. Don't run. The food is Fantastic.  Service was casual and comfortable. This is Clearly a family-run spot with everyone doing what they are good at.  No frills, but random enough to be entertaining.  A few pseudo-sophisticated dishes (very well prepared) such as the orange marmalade/cream cheese stuffed French toast and the overall yum factor of the classics, keeps this from being a typical diner.  Did I mention how random....?
1	Why does yelp force us to at least give one star? Yelp should realize some places deserve a negative rating. This place is one of them. Overpriced, badly cooked.
1	Heard great things about Kay's, unfortunately they were not true! Food was mediocre at best, service was slow, even had to wait to pay, once we finally got our check. Ownership needs to step up and bring this place back to its glory days!
5	A very family friendly restaurnt with great food and wonderful customer service.  My wife and I try to eat there every Saturday.
4	I've had lunch here a couple of times and have liked what I've had to eat. They have a good grilled cheese and chili special but will let you know that the grilled cheese was probably made with American cheese singles, which was ok because it made dunking the sandwich into the chili easier. I've also had their French dip sandwich with fries which wasn't that bad. Worth checking out.
5	Very happy that I was able to find this little gem using yelp.  I great little hidden away little diner.  Service was prompt, server was curteous and attentive, and my Ortega Burger was quick to the table and tasty . . . can't ask for much more.
