1	I visited Stone Creek Dental which is part of DentalWorks network, on March 16, 2012 at location 5055 West Ray Rd., Chandler, AZ.   I purchased a Living Social voucher to get four things done1.  My teeth cleaned2.  X-rays3.  Dental exam by their dentist4.  Take home teeth bleaching kitWhen they did a periodontal probe, they said that I had periodontal disease, and my pockets were as deep as #6.  I said I just had a "regular" $35 non periodontal disease cleaning at the end of Oct 2011 with my regular dentist and he did not say anything about periodontal disease.   He said my gums were in good shape.  I did not have any bleeding or inflamed gums when I entered the Stone Creek office that day March 16, 2012 and I had gotten other teeth cleanings thru Groupon, where another hygenist spent 1 hour cleaning my teeth and she gave me one of the best cleanings I ever had in my life.   No one in that office mentioned periodontal disease. How was I to know how far down the Stone Creek hygienist was pushing that probe down HARD to (exaggerate) measure my gum pockets.  When I asked this question, Stone Creek hygienist said that then it would hurt me if she pushed down further than necessary. Because she is in my mouth, I cannot see what she is doing with my own eyes.  She could call every 3 or 4 pocket and 5 or 6 so that I would have "periodontal disease".   As a result, Stone Creek Dental refused to clean my teeth.   Stone Creek said my periodontal disease was so severe that they said that I had to have "root planing and scaling" (this is the most drastic treatment of 3 levels, the first level is regular cleaning which is what I had 4 months before.   Stone Creek  gave me a treatment plan, that they would charge me $872.00 to treat my "periodontal disease".When I said what about the "teeth whitening", office told me "that is ONLY for people who get their teeth cleaned there", and as you will see below, they wanted $872. to clean my teeth in that office.   So I didn't get teeth whitening either. And when I asked for my X-rays, they told me they would only give me my X-rays if I paid another $25 for "duplication fee". So I did not get my X-rays either.   When I got my statement, showing what they had done, they listed that they did prophylactic cleaning and free teeth whitening, the exam, perio charting, and put .00 charges.  However I did not get the cleaning or teeth whitening, it only SAYS so on the paperwork I walked out with. So in the following 1.5 weeks, I made appointments with THREE other dentists, maybe four, I forgot. Not a one perio probe in other dental offices matched the severity of Stone Creek.  One of the dentists told me that Stone Creek was scamming me.  The other dentists would not comment about another office.  They all measured my pockets 3 and 4, but not 5 and 6 that Stone Creek said they measured in the SAME TEETH and the SAME places in the gums next to those teeth.  The other offices said 3 and 4 pockets are not unusual for age 61, especially around the molars.   I have at hand the four perio charts that the other dental offices did as a second, third and fourth opinion for me,  When I asked and told the same story about what happened at Stone Creek, ALL THE DENTISTS told me that I did not need the root planing and scaling that Stone Creek was trying to charge me almost $1000 for.  In the end I only got the dental exam from Stone Creek office, which is the least thing that I needed out of that deal.  I felt they were bait and switch when you get in their office.  I felt cheated.
1	My review and experience is consistent with Julia G.  This dentist is a SCAM, DO NOT GO HERE.  I purchased their Livingsocial deal for teeth cleaning as well.  They said I had gum disease and required about 1500 in treatment for that, and they refused to clean my teeth. Since I don't take no for an answer I had to insist they clean my teeth which they did, but they likely did not do a great job. I then saw 2 other dentists that confirmed I have NO gum disease or issues.SCAM dentist, do not go here.
1	Similar issue to the other reviewers! Was told I need a deep clean even though i had been to other dentists before and after than have never said the same. They charged me $600 for this, that was to me my co payment, my insurance paid out even more... Unless you want to get ripped off, DO NOT VISIT HERE
1	This place is a total SCAM. I wanted to share my experience with this dental office to try to help others so they don't waste their time or worse, get taken advantage of and have to pay for dental work they don't need. First off, I never write reviews so for me to take the time to do this says a lot.I started a consulting job that didn't provide benefits. So I bought a coupon from the Groupon.com website for a "teeth cleaning and dental exam and free whitening trays". When I got to the office they immediately took x-rays and impressions for the whitening trays. At that point, I was wondering why they didn't start cleaning.The doctor came in and explained that I had 4 cavities and would need a special type of "deep" cleaning done. They showed me the estimated cost at over $2,000!!At that point I decided I would get a second opinion and asked to just do the cleaning. This is what really upset me... they said they couldn't do a regular cleaning because I needed the "deep" cleaning.If all that isn't bad enough I went to my previous dentist and paid $200 for an exam and cleaning (regular cleaning was fine by the way) just to be told "No Cavities". That's right, 0. Only then did I realize what a horribly unethical scam Stone Creek Dental really was. Please avoid at all costs and spread the word.
2	Ok so I usually do not write negative reviews but I feel I have to share this. When I first went here I really liked it, the people were so nice! It was clean and modern. They said I would need to come back for some fillings, no big deal. When I came back for the fillings was where it all went to shit. They got me all numb and did the fillings and after she said your lips are dry you should put on some Chapstick. Ok whatever I thought. When I got home and looked in the mirror I had skin missing from my lip/cheek area! I couldn't feel it obviously but it looked painful. And there was also a blister in the corner of my mouth. All on the side she was working on. I have never had that happen at a dentist before and I will never be going back here.
5	I went here for the first time around 3 weeks ago. I wanted to wait until I had my six, yes six, fillings done before I left a review. I had a cleaning about 3 weeks ago. I hadn't been to the dentist in about 10 years. I was pretty sore afterward for about a week but I expected that since I hadn't been in so long. I had my fillings done this morning. The dentist did all 6 in about 70 min. One of them was pretty deep and during that one, he managed to not even hurt me one bit. At no point during my fillings did any of it hurt other than my jaw getting a little locked.  The dentist is very nice. The nurses and front desk staff are very nice. The lady who helped me with the filling pricing was a little pushy but compared to other dentists who have told me I had to have my wisdom teeth removed or I would DIE... These guys were great. The dentist didn't tell me I needed to have my wisdom teeth removed, my old silver filling replaced or a crown where my bigger cavity was this time. We they did it all for only about 300 over my yearly benefit. I will be recommending these guys and telling people to ignore the bad reviews. And I will come back next year to have my silver filling replaced.
