1	My 1st engagement ring wasn't fancy..I will be the first to admit that. It was not a flawless diamond...it probably didn't even have 1 flawless diamond in it. But, it was a special memory for me. This was not something that anyone at Gold Caster's Jewelry respected.8/31/12Throughout a period of time, I had noticed that the center(head) was loose, & I had two stones missing on the side(s). My ring is mirco-pave, so I know that it is possible to knock out stones..like with any ring.I looked for a jeweler close to my home, & this place popped up.  I wish I would have just gone to the place in the Galleria, (who fixed it faster, cheaper & the work LASTED)You wouldn't guess that this place has anything to do with jewelry, the front windows are full of junk..the inside is the same. Full of stuff that isn't jewelery related.There is a ramp that leads to the entrance. A door that is LOCKED during business hours to the outside, you have to be let in by a staff member.The older woman who dealt with me was rude. She looked at my ring, & informed me that the "boys" didn't like working on "this type" of ring..Almost like she was disgusted that my ring was even in her presence. What is that suppose to mean? This "type" of ring? Are "the boys" in jewelery business or not?She took it over to Michael, who from across the store, loudly laughed that the 2 diamonds missing on the sides, were in the exact same spot, oppositely. (I guess it's funny that my ring is in this shape) Since he felt the need to do this in front of a full store. I don't get a personal consultation?  Lovely. Trying to keep my annoyance under wraps, I joked, "I have good aim! How do you think I got pregnant?" (6mos) ..ENTIRE STORE LAUGHS. So, him "not knowing" I was pregnant, is far from true..Maybe he just thought I was fat ...?The rude woman created a ticket, & wrote to "tighten head" & to "replace 2 stones on SIDES" ...I paid in full for the repairs that day. 9/11I was called to pick up my ring.I checked to see if the stones on the SIDE were replaced--CHECK.The center (head) was secure & didn't wobble --AWESOME.I signed the envelope that the work *ASSIGNED* had been done.I walked out the door, & stopped on the RAMP.In the sun, I could see that a diamond was MISSING OUT OF THE CENTER. I immediately knock on the door & get let back in. I explain to the woman that a stone is missing out of my ring...One that was not missing EVER before.Michael told me that he wasn't responsible. It was "someone Else's work, he didn't make the ring",Thanks, I am aware of that. If that is your excuse, maybe you should only work on jewelery that you personally make. If this type of work something you can't handle..He told me that he didn't touch the center..which isn't true. It says on the ticket that his employee wrote to "TIGHTEN & FIX LOOSE CENTER"Michael also informed me that my ring has over 120 stones, & they are just ALL bound to fall out...Who says that?!?I didn't understand his logic. I didn't even make it off of their property!I was out of the store for 30 seconds when I saw that a diamond was missing from my ring. I would NEVER expect him to warranty some one else's work, and it was **never asked of him to do so.When you have had something in your possession, & something happens to it, YES, I am going to hold YOU responsible.How silly for me to want to walk out of a "jeweler" with my ring in 'like new' condition after having it "repaired." How insanely selfish of me!I am pregnant, so I know I can be emotional. I kept calm, and watched my tone... I never once rose my voice, never swore, nor did I degrade his store. I didn't demand my money back, I just asked him to fix it. It was obvious that the diamond fell out in his store!No one else had even laid eyes on it for the last 10 days!Michael told me that if I kept being "nasty" with him, he wasn't going to fix it...When no one was being nasty but him. You're refusing to fix something that you were responsible for, and I'm the nasty one?Overwhelmed with his D-bag attitude, I started to cry, he stormed off into the back room with my ring...He just left me standing there, crying. Reviews on other sites, there are a bunch of reviews that state how rude and abrasive he is....guess I'm not the only one who feels this way.**My ring was repaired. THANKFULLY!Unfortunately, the "welding" he did lasted only a few months..Not worth the money I paid.It was the right thing for a business owner to do.I don't understand why he had to argue with me about it.Checking to see that the ring was in PROPER CONDITION before you called me to pick it up the first time, would have been smart..This situation could have been avoided that way.He responded to this review, but he doesn't do it as himself. He does it as "Sadie M" He gives himself  5stars to boost the rating. 11/13/13 Thankfully, Yelp removed his fake review!
1	The owner Michael is always combative, very rude, and never has the work done on time. I think it's about time he shut his doors and leave the profession to where the customer gets the respect for trusting the jeweler. He certainly is not a people person but a nasty person. Iv 'e spent thousands of dollars their, but enough is enough. I'm going to an honest jeweler who appreciates my business, and doesn't make excuses time and time again for not having the items finished when promised, and doesn't fight with me about everything....
1	How do you know what I drive and where I live, is creepy. Second, I did spend thousands of dollars in your shop, check your receipts. I bought just a stone for $2,000. Again you argue with the facts. Third I didn't whisper, I told her, make sure she tells you I wrote three reviews. It's no secret your rude.
4	This shop is right down the street from my job and I know I've been here at least once before to have an antique ring from my mother fixed, but that's been years ago, before I started Yelping. Even then, I was quite satisfied with the work done, which was replacing a tiny diamond.  So, when I checked out the reviews prior to returning, I found them to be a little strange, weird, and downright off-putting.  However, I had a new birthday watch from the b/f that needed the band adjusted, so, really, how hard is that?  Well, not hard at all.  I was in and out of there in less than 20 minutes during my lunch break and it only cost me $5!  Go to Gold Casters for the same deal on watches that need adjusting; if it's ceramic, it's $15, but all others are $5.  This is a family-owned business on Water Street that has given me good service both times I've been here. The end.
4	My center diamond fell out of my engagement ring :(   Luckily I found the diamond and went straight to Gold Casters after I left work.  I was surprised how busy it was, but I was helped quickly.  The jeweler (I'm guessing Michael based off the other reviews) even checked that my wedding band diamonds were secure without me having to ask which was thoughtful.  They fixed the ring in 2 days, the prongs had to be rebuilt, and the price was reasonable ($42) I was a little worried about how new prongs would look but I think it looks even better than originally.  They weren't as busy when I came to pick it up and both employees were very friendly.  They told me that I can come in as often as I want to get the prongs checked for free ("you come every week if you want")  I've noticed that they've been around for as long as I can remember & won't hesitate to go there if I need any other jewelry repairs.
5	You can't beat their prices.  If you need to size a ring or get it looking brand new this is the place.  This is a small business so they have their quirks about not taking reward credit cards, but when you are saving over 1/2 of what the mall jewelers would charge and getting it back within a hours time you have to love it.  They were very fair and accommodating. Its hard to find local small businesses out there that are cheaper then the big corporations.  Definitely worth going to.
2	I first bought into the assumption that this owner was honest because he does watch battery replacements for $5.  This is merely a loss leader to get you into his store (which I have no problem with).  However, I had substantial amounts of gold, good and scrap I decided to sell to this retailer at 15% less than what I have been quoted elsewhere (I would not have sold here, but the "appraisal" work had already been done and I was not too worried so long as I could establish rapport with an "honest" business owner (and support local business on WATER STREET).  It turns out, the owner MAY not be honest and he is CERTAINLY unethical and a poor businessman.  One of the pieces I sold was an 18K broach with 24K nugget melted on, the size of my thumb and a 1/2 karat pear diamond (ugly, but valuable).  He gave me 70% of 18K spot, which I was not real happy about because of the large, pure nugget--his explanation was that because it was mixed 18 with 24 he could only pay 18...whatever!  I let it go, but the shiny rock in the middle, I would not.  He then told me that he just could not pay anything for diamonds because, in his words, "after a while, I just have so many of these, I can't do anything with and they just get put into a bucket and sit there".  So, we both agreed I would be traveling home with the "worthless" stone, though precious to ME!!  After cutting a check, fast (a few G's all said and done), I waited and waited as he helped customer after customer. Finally he told me to just come back when they were not so busy (yes they were very busy) "you'll be back, anyways for the watch", he said.  Yes, that was my mistake, I LEFT!!!  Upon my return a few days later, it was explained to me that they needed to "get into the safe" which would take some time but they would have it for me the next time I returned (now working with his assistants).  Upon returning a few days later, I was turned away, again to helping other customers' pressing pawn needs.  I could not become unruly, one, because it does no good and two, police, I'm sure respond quickly to precious metals stores.  Now, over a month later, the owner is telling me that he could not just turn the store inside out to find my stone and that had it been a few days after the incident "I maybe could do something for you".  I asked if we could look inside his so called "bucket of extra diamonds" or if there was anything he could do for me (pretty big loss) and when in his words he said: "now why would I want to do that?" I knew I had lost.  So, here I am, 2 AM, telling my story.  I give the old man two stars for his Coca Cola collection on display; as a former collector, I give props for a pretty cool collection; doing business with this outfit, however, I would recommend you take your pocketbook elsewhere--time and money can corrupt the soul, I guess and from this man, at least, I am just another victim.
5	I brought my 4 watches in this store, 1 Repair & 3 Battery Replacement. Got a very good price!! I cant believe i only paid $$ for 4 watches! Plus the wait time is so quick! Im so happy that Michael was able to fix my fave watch and my husband's Rado watch is back to business again! Very Satisfied with their service..
