2	Asian Express is located in a new strip mall at the very south end of the strip. Under their name it says Chinese/Thai food. I went in around 8:45 pm even though they close at 9 and they still took my order.. and they make everything fresh to order for everyone. I placed my ordered of Thai barbecue chicken and kung pao chicken and went to CVS in the same lot to pick up some travel sized toothpaste.Anyway, since the restaurant was closing I took the food back to our hotel room. Their "Thai barbecue chicken" was extremely dry and flavorless. The kung pao was also horrible.. it had too much sauce and way too many bamboo shoots / water chestnuts. I also asked for the dish to be mild-medium, but it was extremely spicy.The dishes range from $6.99 - $8.99 which is very fair, but the price reflects the quality. I wouldn't recommend ordering here. If they re-learn how to make the dishes correct and above-average I think they will be successful since there aren't any Thai-Chinese food places for miles in Las Vegas. + wide variety of dishes- food isn't authentic
4	The secret about this place? Amazing tofu. It's not on the menu, but they're incredibly flexible and will make any dish with some of their excellent soy goods. I ate here two days in a row on my little visit to vegas (although this partly was due to its proximity to the houses I was canvassing). But it's really good, the thai basil curry and the panang curry, the kung pao tofu, the garlic and vegetables with tofu. Cheap, gracious, hospitable!
3	We just arrived to vegas and this place was right across from our suite, and just ordered a few dishes to-go.  Ordered garlic wings, pad thai, and larb.  The lady told us their wings were huge and wont find em anywhere else.. haha!  omg, our jaws dropped when we opened the infamous "giant" wings.  It's super tiny, more like party wings..and wasnt garlicky but sweet and dry.  Pad thai with shrimp was alright, it needed more pizazz.  Larb was ehh..ok.  The store had like 4 photos of famous people who supposively enjoyed their food, which i think is fake.  Another one of those vacation spots where u go once and never come back..bleh.
3	place was across from cancun resort.like lala said the lady said the wings were huge..dude i could've finish all the wings myselfits just like another other chinese food to go places except they had pad thai..i liked it cuz it was for bland than usual..lol
4	So, my son and I were driving around trying to figure out what to eat for dinner. I was craving for Chinese, but he wanted chicken. So, we went to Asian Express. They have both Chinese and Thai food. I got their Special Fried Rice and Panang Chicken. As we were waiting for the order, the cashier said she forgot to ask if I wanted some other things. So I got charged a $1 for two little ego rolls (one banana and one veggie). Both of the egg rolls were fantastic. Along with the egg rolls, I got the littlest Chinese container with steam rice. I was sure good with some Teriyaki sauce on it, then finished off. After that, as I was opening the container for the Panang Chicken, it had this unusual smell, but tried it anyways. After a couple of bites, I kinda liked it, but will have to get back to you the details, because I ate Mashed Potatoes and gravy from Popyeyes. My son had chicken and mashed potatoes from Popeyes!!! Overall, I like there food and the service. O by the way, the cashier asked me for the Panang Chicken how spicy do I want it. I was a big chicken and only got 2 stars. Chat with you lata!
