5	What's the hardest thing about auto repairs? for me it is finding a reputable mechanic who looks out for my best interests and repairs my car without taking advantage of my lack of knowledge. John Clements owner & operater of Master Tech Auto does just that! I have been trusting all of my vehicle (s) maintenance/repairs with John & his friendly staff for 2 years & I wouldnt dream of going anywhere else!
5	Took the car in for a fuel pump replacement. Was in and out in under 2 hours. Great job. Talking with John I found out they also work on motorcycles and replace tires on motorcycles. Looks like this will be my shop to go to for my cars and my Harley. Reasonable prices as well.
1	Wow I wish I would have read their reviews first.  Not making that mistake again. My car overheated driving from California to Las Vegas.  A friend of a friend recommended this shop.  I have already told them I would never recommend them to anyone.   Terrible service.  So same thing as other lady Cindy said.  Ridiculous price for a diagnostic--$123.  So they repair a plastic overfill on my radiator.  $366 later.  They said they gave it a thorough test drive.  It's all fixed. That's all we can find on the system.   So I drive 10 minutes up the road.  The exact same thing occurs.  Overheating, fluid all over the inside of my engine.   How exactly did you do a test drive and know that it was good to go when I drove it 10 minutes and it basically explodes and reoccurs.  Total rip off.  They don't know what they are doing.  Did not take it back to them, and would tell everyone to STAY AWAY--you will be dissatisfied and frustrated using this shop.
5	5 STAR !!!!  after two other shops jerked us around ....This place got our car fixed!!!  The Service was fast and prompt....AND great prices !!!!   Totally going back ......This IS the place to go!!!  Honest and dependable service !!!!  hard to find these days!!
5	Very hard to find a good mechanic, but these guys are awesome. Honest, straight forward, and professional. I never once got that scummy vibe you get from most places. Everyone is friendly and down to earth. I never once thought I was getting ripped off. They care about their reputation and getting repeat business. Very happy I was referred here and I'll definitely recommend this shop to my friends and family.
4	I don't understand how this mechanic shop got any bad reviews. I have taken two different vehicles here and they have fixed both issues on each car in a timely, professional manner. Sure, they are a little pricey (hence the lack of 5th star), but it goes back to the age-old saying: "You get what ya pay for.'" I am the most skeptical person alive when it comes to automotive places (as well as everywhere else nowadays), and I can say that this is the best place to go if you want your automobile repaired the RIGHT way.
5	This shop did a great job on my car.  Friendly and knowledgable staff took care of me quickly and efficiently.  I would definitely recommend this shop to all of my family and friends.
5	I took my car in for service and would totally recommend this business. The owner personally discussed my vehicle issues with me. He was very professional and extremely knowledgeable. He explained everything in detail. Being a novice in auto mechanics it is very assuring to have a trustworthy mechanic who you can trust. The prices are competitive and not outrageous like a dealership. I was in and out of there within a reasonable time.
