4	I've now been to this X.O. Liquor twice as it is the closest liquor store to my house. No, I am not a booze hound! The first time I needed banana liquer for cupcakes I was making, but unfortunately they were all out, although the employee there was nice enough to look around and even make a suggestion for 99 Bananas. I didn't want the people eating my cupcakes to get totally smashed though, so I opted out of that one.However, this past Super Bowl Sunday I was in need of Chambord at a last minute decision to put the delicious liquor into my margaritas I was making. Lucky me, they had Chambord, for a decent price and also offered the smaller size bottle and the bigger bottle. I opted for the smaller one.Staff is always friendly and helpful. It is in a kind of skeezy area right off the freeway. But just power through that area into the store. Oh PS - I would NOT come here if it were not light out and NO I am NOT joking about that fact.
5	Wow....talk about great prices and cuatomer service!  I wanted a huge bottle of Goose and they had a great price on it. They didn't charge me extra to use my cc either like some liquor stores do.I am a loyal customer from this day forward.xoxoxoxo   :)
5	Wide variety and a very friendly staff!!! Also open 24-7 always a plus...
5	This place easily gets 5 stars simply because they carry a good selection of suds besides your average Crap Light beer. Craft beer lovers rejoice!
5	8 college buddies who graduated in 1982 are getting together in Vegas and time is of the essence so we don't want to be wasting time making our way to a liquor store and shopping for the weekend's beverages.  What to do ?   Call Mo at XO Liquors.  Place your order,  Mo will tell you the prices,  close the deal,  get your order and receipt via email,  and Mo delivers your entire order to the front door of the hotel right when you tell him to be there  -  and the party is on !   Great prices and superb service.  Shopping in an actual store when you can do it online before you ever arrive and have it delivered is for amateurs.
