1	Just another corporate money extraction scheme. They couldn't care less about the animals, just pump the bill and sell, sell, sell.
5	I came to this office seeking a second opinion regarding treatment for my elderly dog. I drove from across town to see Dr. Yates and was absolutely FLOORED by the excellent quality of service I received. She was unable to help us, but she was polite, kind, and did not charge us for the visit. In addition, I received a Get Well Soon card from her in the mail a few days later. Wow! This office is 25 miles from my home so I am not sure they will be my regular vet, but I so appreciate their fabulous treatment of their clientele.
5	We bring our poodle puppy Didimon there. Everyone who work there are friendly and Dr. Yates seems to really care about our puppy. We brought our Schnauzer Jack there too for many years until he passed away. We always had a good experience there.
5	Love this place! I have been taking my cat here since 2007. There is a wonderful staff, no wait time, and same day appointments! Remember to get your friend chipped!
1	Too bad this place can't be given ZERO stars, because that's exactly what they deserve. This review is long overdue, however I waited to see if the situation would remedy itself. I took my beautiful long hair cat to them for a lion cut almost a year and a half ago and they BUTCHERED HER. Not only did they shave off her undercoat, they nicked her in at least 5 different spots along her back, belly, and tail- all of which took a very long time to heal up because of cat's constant grooming. Long story short, her coat has been ruined because of the hack jobs they have doing the grooming here. When I called to find out if it was normal that my cat's fur was not growing back (6 months later) they treated me like I was the biggest idiot in the world on the phone. Now my cat looks patchy, and she has multiple BALD spots on her body and there isn't a damn thing that I can do about it except try to warn others to stay away from here!DO NOT - I REPEAT - DO NOT TAKE YOUR ANIMAL HERE FOR GROOMING OR THEY WILL BE RUINED BY NON-TRAINED HACKS!!!!!!!
5	Dr. Yates and the staff at Pet Medical Center have done an excellent job of helping us to find a solution to our pets persistent medical issue. They have taken all the steps necessary to handle the problem once and for all and have demonstrated great empathy for our situation and financial burden. They are professional, friendly, and the clinic is amount the most efficient in Las Vegas,
3	I take both my pit mix & golden lab to this vet. We moved out here from Chicago and after a long 2-days of driving, we stayed in the hotel right down the street. We were having a really hard time finding an apartment that would except pit bulls at their location and was told that if we had his papers changed from "pure - pitbull" to "pit/bulldog mix" we would have an easier time. We went to the Pet Medical Center for assistance and after an appointment with my pups, they were happy to help us in changing the papers. Since then, we have yet to go to another location for treatment for either pup. Pricing for services is more than other Las Vegas locations but the love they have for my dogs makes me happy to keep coming back.One thing I wish they had was a 24 hour service. My golden lab was attacked when we first moved out here and it was after hours for the vet so we had to go to an emergency location. Wish I would have been able to see them instead.
2	I would not recommend Pet Medical Center.  Over the years, we have been extorted for unnecessary medical procedures, which resulted in them attempting to extort money from us for a charge we did not authorize.They flip flop between being very nice (we actually did have a couple of positive experiences) and being very rude, so it's a mixed bag in that regard.The actual quality of care we experienced however, is very lacking.Three times we have boarded our cat there - the first time they hardly fed him and he lost a visible amount of weight and ate for a solid hour after we picked him up, all the while screaming and howling for more food. The second time we boarded him, he had days-old feces all over his body and the third time they added on an extra charge for medicine and lied to my wife, claiming that I authorized the charge, which I did not.  They were going to hold our cat hostage while extorting the money until I threatened to file suit, at which time they realized that they did not have a case.I accept a good amount of blame for continuing to use Pet Medical Center after the first negative incident, but it's difficult to switch when all of the records and prescriptions are under a particular vet. Please be very careful when deciding on a vet and always get a second opinion.  You owe it to yourselves and your beloved pets to get them the best care possible and avoid situations like we have had.
4	I think I found my go to vet. This is across town from where I live but super close to where I have my store so...... Add to that the fact that my cats occasionally visit my store on Saturdays I have found a place I can get to pretty quickly for routine visits. I adopt all our cats from Animal Foundation but finding a vet when I work full time plus has been a problem. The staff was super friendly even when I as usual was running a few minutes late; they sure didn't make me feel like it. The place was very clean and we were taken into a cats only room. My guy was very comfortable with everyone who came in which makes getting there all the easier in the future.Looking forward to developing a long and happy relationship
1	Total rip off! don't go here for your dogs surgery they over charge upwards of 1000 or more than anywhere else. Do your research on what is and isn't necessary. They itemize every charge separately when it should be included in the surgery cost.The "veterinary nurse" was extremely rude and condescending. First of all there is no such thing as a veterinary nurse. You're a vet tech making 10/hr posing as a nurse. I'm an RN at st. Rose so I'm well aware of this scam. These people throw medical terminology around trying to scare you, don't be fooled!! Do your research, got quoted 300-500 other places with doctors with more experience. I went here because it's close to my home and they quoted me 2000. Don't be a sucker.
4	This review is long overdue. I use Pet Medical center for my all my vet and boarding needs.  I travel often between Las Vegas and Los Angeles. It is very convenient to have my French bulldog Gucci get a physical, vaccinations if needed, and grooming while she is being boarded. Saves me so much time. I would have given a 5 star if they had puppy web cams. I would have loved to see how she's doing while there. Maybe it's something they will implement in the future. Overall, I'm satisfied with service.
5	I absolutely love this place. Dr. Yates is awesome! She cares for your pet as if it was her own and very thoughtful. Me and my boyfriend took our rott Pitt mix here when she got sick cause our old vet gave us no answers. She never sugar coated anything and was very honest with us on what was going on. Unfortunately we had to put our precious love down but we decided to do it here. They were very thoughtfull threw the whole process. Everyone spoke at a whisper and we were the only appointment for at least an hour. (Done purposely) so it was a very peaceful process done with care and at a very reasonable rate. We now take our new puppy here and recommend anyone to take their furkids here. Like I said thoughtful and caring staff.
