5	My new favorite Pizza Place! Great sauce, cheese and thin crust! Not only do they have great pizza but they have over 20 flavors of ice cream as well! I will come back every time I go to Frick Park.
4	We live practically across the street so we were excited to have Park Pizza open up. The owner is incredibly friendly and asked us how our food was and thanked us for coming. The pizza is tasty. I think they took their lead from Rose's on the ice cream and prices though, we ordered a shake which was $3.50 for a 12oz. shake and I think that's a bit high, but for me the convenience makes it forgiveable :) We're sure to be frequent customers.
3	Live right around the corner and was excited that someone had taken over after Rose's left. It's still early to tell for sure but it seemed a little unorganized. I'm only judging the ice cream since we did not have pizza this time but it was a bit on the icy side. I had cookie dough and it wasn't the best I'd ever had. Pizza didn't look like it was made fresh but I will have to try a slice to truly judge it.
4	Yum!  So glad to have this place in the neighborhood, we missed our ice cream this summer.  We have enjoyed both pizza and ice cream here several times.  The pizza is very good, there are probably a few places in Pgh we like better but for the convenience (and the ice cream :) it's perfect.  They're still trying to get organized, they have ample employees but they don't have an efficient system down yet so there end up being a lot of staff confused and or getting in each others' way.  Overall we really enjoyed it and look forward to watching them grow!  Owners are super friendly and really invested.
3	This place is really convient and cool.  We were really excited that something was moving in right down the block.  The pizza was great and the sub hit the spot.  My only issue was the price.  2 dollars per topping seems a little steep.  After getting a medium pizza and a six inch sub it came out to 32 dollars. I would go back more often but I think for the price, why not just go to D's hot dog and six pack down the street.
4	My co-diner and I were really excited this summer when we saw that this pizza place was opening up. We finally made it here for food, stopping for pizza at around 8 on a Thursday. The tables were empty, which is concerning because it's hard to imagine how this pizza place will be able to maintain enough business to stay open. It bills itself as being in Regent Square, but it's not exactly IN Regent Square. I'm hoping that the summer will bring diners from Frick Park across the street, because I don't want to lose this great new pizza place.We ordered an XL pizza, which is smaller than we thought it would be but still a nice size. The two of us ate nearly the entire thing for dinner, though. We got the Margherita Pizza and it was delicious, though I wish it had had more basil on it. We only had to wait about ten minutes for our za. The prices are reasonable and the hoagies and ice cream also look good. Please consider giving your business to this new restaurant!
5	Been wanting to try this place for a while. Very happy I finally did and can assure you my return will be often. From the moment you walk in you are greeted by the staff and made to feel welcomed. The pricing here is great, my total here for the amount of food I got was better than most chains and enough for two meals. I ordered a 10 inch six cut pepperoni pizza with a lemonade for the drink. I picked this because I thought I wouldn't eat at much and I'd have room to try one of their ice cream treats.  WRONG!  The amount of cheese put on the pizza was more than enough and really filled me up. I didn't even have enough room to get the free refill for my drink. My friend first decided to get half a meatball hoagie, but the staff directed him to get the special, a whole hoagie and drink for less than a buck more.  He also got an order of fries.  We were informed that they weren't even going to have hoagies when they first opened and just by chance started. Once they caught on, the rest is history. Everything is cooked right after you order. And I mean fresh from the oven. Even the fries go in the oven, no fryer here (healthy fries, yes please).  You can tell this place is meant for the warmer months too, with a window to order from on the sidewalk. Only four tables inside for indoor dining.  During warmer months I'm sure most people would like an ice cream treat and then go to Frick Park to walk it off.
4	Imagine finding fabulous pizza right in your own neighborhood!! it has the most delicious thin tasty crust and the toppings are perfect and it is not drowned with slimy cheap cheese.  They even use a bio degradable box!!  My grandson who loves pizza and is eight said "wow this is the best pizza ever".. I agree.
2	Good ice cream but the pizza was just ok. Not terrible, but I'd take Vocelli or any other chain over it on any day.
4	With a 10$ large pizza that tastes good I go back regularly.  Good price for the product.
5	these guys are awesome! their pizza is great and so are the subs. I mean hoagies. lets make sure this place stays in business for a long time! such a refreshing change for the Square.
5	Quality pizza, reasonably priced. I'm lazy, so I would like them to deliver, but otherwise, a great place to grab dinner.
4	Another great food joint in our neighborhood. Less than a five minute walk to yummy pizza and ice cream. Of course they have doggy ice cream treats that our furry guy looks forward to.
4	Still a big fan of this shop. Owners and staff couldn't be more friendly. They have good snacks like fries and soft pretzels. NY style pizza isn't my favorite kind of pizza but they do theirs well, everything always tastes very fresh. Nice variety of ice cream flavors. Great place for a snack after playing at the park with the kiddo.
4	Park Pizza & Cream was conveniently located in walking distance from rehearsals I had to attend last year.  We ended up here for pizza quite a bit.  The pizza tasted good and was reasonably priced.  I remember getting a slush puppy once too that was pretty good.  Nothing special pizza wise but solid quality!I'm questioning why I never got ice cream here now because it seems that I should have.  I failed.The biggest thing was that the workers were SUPER friendly.  One night we accidentally walked in about five minutes after closing time.  The workers wouldn't take no for an answer and let us put in orders!  It was very sweet and considerate of them.
