1	My car had trouble starting yesterday morning. I knew my battery must be going bad. I dropped my kids off to school and went to O'Reilly's to have them check my battery. (Since it should still be under warranty) For 8AM they were busy. I waited and finally an older man said he would test my battery. He asked me to start my car. It started up fine.  He tells me that there is nothing wrong with my battery. But will check it anyway.  I turn my car off and he hooks up his little device.  He tells me that my battery is 30% low and that I need to charge my battery. He said that my battery has a lot of life in it still.  He told me to come back this afternoon and he will charge it for me. He then told me that my alternator was bad and it wasn't the battery. He only checked to see if my battery was bad nothing was checked about the alternator. I leave and run some errands. I stopped to get gas and went to start my car up and it wouldn't turn over. AAA came out and with the same little device told me that my battery has a bad cell.  Printed off the report so I can prove to O'Reilly's that it is the battery. AAA jumped my car and off I went to another O'Reilly's they checked my battery and Alternator. He told me that my Alternator was good but I had a bad cell. I explained to him that I went to the 59th Ave store and they told me that nothing is wrong with the battery. Gary at the Lake Pleasant store told me that I should call the store and let them know that their machine might be broken since I did have a bad battery.Called asked to speak to a manager. Spoke with Jess who I told him first off that I wasn't calling to complain but, I wanted them to be aware that their battery test machine might be broken. I also told him that the older man told me that my alternator was bad. I also check with my mechanic and he told me that I would know if it was my Alternator.  Told him the story and he proceeded to tell me that he was  a certified mechanic and me and my Mechanic didn't know what we were talking about. He got really defensive. I told him that I was just call to have them check their machine not to start anything. He then was completely rude. I told him that I will go to a different store instead of the 59th Ave. store.  He then hung up on me......I had always bought my batteries and other car needs at their store. Not anymore.
5	Rick and Ed were fabulous tonight.  My battery went dead on my car in the middle of a nasty storm.  I went to O Reilly's right away to get my battery replaced.  They both worked diligently on my vehicle, even though my cable and connector to my battery were completely corroded.  They were able to get my car running, so that I could drive it again.  They answered all of my questions and educated me on what needed to be done in the near future.  I am grateful for both of them and the great customer service I received.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  They really know their stuff.
4	Helped my buy my new windshield wipers in the rain. One guy rang me up while the other ran outside to install for me. Was ready to go as soon ask signed my credit card slip! I will be back for auto supplies!
5	Great staff. They are always helpful. The store is well stocked. They will help you with the oil recycle our just allow you to go back and dump it yourself.
