1	I like Popeye's normally, but we were eating lunch there about 6 months ago and there was a employee sweeping the floors... then the tables.Yeah Sweeping the tables.. with the same broom.First he was doing it backwards. He should of swept the table then the floor... so he wouldn't need to resweep the floor.Second WHY ARE YOU SWEEPING THE TABLES WITH THE FLOOR BROOM!!!We have not been back.
5	Friendly staff, they got the order right & even cleaned my table with a smile. Order two chicken mild raps with fries and a drink. The spices are also tasty on the fries. I would come back again and this had been my only ever positive experience at a Popeye's.
3	I enjoy good fried chicken once in a while and I was in the neighborhood and saw this Popeye's.  I ordered the 3 pcs mix meal with side of red beans & rice,  drink and a cinnamon pie.  The chicken was hot but the breast was overcooked and dry so I exchanged it for another thigh. I prefer dark meat BC it's usually more tender. The cinnamon pie was tasty due to it's DEEP FRIED! After my meal I felt a little nauseated due to the heaviness of the food - but it was worth it!The service here was friendly and the place was clean.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS LOCATION, Franchise needs BETTER MANAGEMENT AT THIS LOCATION.    I love the Popeye's franchise and it's sad to have one so close to my house only to have inconsistent service and food quality.  Every time I tell myself I will never go back...I do and to my dismay...angered and upset.  Best advice being a FORMER avid fan...Stay Away. Drive to another location. Sad for the franchise.
3	I really don't do fast food that much but this is one of them that I do hit every so often. I've only ever had their fried chicken, biscuits and mashed potatoes with sausage gravy (which I love!) Not the greatest fried chicken but it's decent, pieces can be small which is a bummer but it's usually not dry or greasy. Staff is always friendly and I don't think I've ever gotten the wrong order which is usually a big problem at fast food restaurants.
3	I like popeye's but they can be a kind of hit and miss sometimes. This place can get pretty busy so go during non peak hours.
1	Stay away! They serve undercooked chicken!! One bite into their chicken "tenders" and was RAW inside. Tried to call to let management know, but no one ever picked up the phone.
2	Same as the first review.  It's close and near my place of employment but unfortunately every time I try it out the chicken tenders are always dry as hell. The corn and potatoes can be kept on a heat lamp for the most part but when it comes to the chicken it should be cooked to order. Skip Popeye's Louisiana and head to canes.
1	Worst fast food I've ever had. The first time I came here, I ordered a combo. The only thing I could eat was the biscuit. My four year old, too. So, today I came back for a biscuit and the drive thru guy asks me if I want my change! Since when is that optional? Then I needed a knife to spread the butter, but he wouldn't come back to the window so I could ask for one. Never returning.
1	I placed an order with Erik and this server had the hardest time taking a simple order, the whole group suffers with a lack of brains!   You want to get annoyed go to this Popeyes and eat.   The owner should go on mystery dinners.   They could double their money if the place get rid of the current staff  and hired some leadership!
2	Definitely not the best Popeye's that I've been to. Service was slower than usual and customer service was lacking. Chicken tasted as though it was a little undercooked, but seemed fine on the inside. Sad to give this location a 2 star rating as Popeye's is one of my favorite quick stops when I'm feeling a little homesick.
4	Only uncomfortable restroom that I was not satisfied in this restaurant.  Nice cashier and smile employees made me happy in the late afternoon. Food also was good but not reasonable price.
5	Yeah I know fried foods aint good for you yeah I know those buttery biscuits and all those carbs aren't good for you either but when you bite into some Popeyes fried chicken and eat those biscuits and that red beans and rice will most definitely smack your mama and don't ever forget the $0.99 Tuesday special I love me some Popeyes and there's not a leaf of spinach insight.....  The 99 cent special on Tuesdays is two pieces of chicken and a biscuit
2	Meh!!! Out running errands so we spotted the Popeye's. Food that you haven't had in a LONG time is usually good...or not. This fine establishment is connected to Fills mini-market. We ordered a 8-pc meal. Because they didn't have enough "spicy" chicken, they asked if we wanted 6 pieces now and wait for another batch that would be ready in 5 minutes. We thought...5 minutes...let's get all 8 pieces fresh. WRONG!!! So many appendages in my chicken. Ew...The batter was crumbly, in a bad way and the chicken was super dry, like beef jerky. The coleslaw didn't have that freshly made look. Mushy. Didn't even wanna eat the biscuit. Blech. Feeling gross now!!
1	The service is very slow, and some locations don't truly honor the Tuesday Special. Don't wait in a long line like I did for nothing! I drove to 3 locations today! Not good!!!
