5	Relaxing, well thought out greenspace. Various different areas, each with its own character. You can be busy with other people or find a secluded shelter for some peace and quiet. watch out for the kamikaze squirrels though! Wonderful glasshouse, but with an entry fee. Cafe a bit expensive so bring a lunch.Some nice events take place here so watch out for those.
4	The Royal Botanical Gardens are great for a free day out in the sun. The Gardens are huge and there is lots to see. The fact that it is free makes it far more appealing.I love the greenhouse and like to pretend I am in the jungle when walking through. There is a huge pond full of ducks and other duck like birds floating around which is nice to sit and watch. There is a rock garden, Chinese garden, herb garden and lots of random parts where you don't really know what is going on. Its hard not to appreciate the sheer beauty of all the gorgeous plants and flowers, and the fact you are in the middle of a city makes it even more spectacular. I used to live near here and we would occasionally go for a walk here in the winter. A lot quieter but still very beautiful with all the frost and snow. Great for a day out with the kids or just for a relaxing walk. Take a picnic though because the cafe is overpriced and disappointing.
5	There is something special about being able to step into a building from a busy, bustling and noisy city center - and be transported to a quiet, alive and organic rainforest of plants, trees and flowers.The Royal Botanic Garden is one such way that you can experience this feeling - the gardens, located in the city center are huge, spread out across a massive piece of land, and both indoors in a huge green house, and out in the gardens outside. The Garden is particularly pleasent in the summer, where the sun shines, the flowers bloom and generally you will feel one with nature. There is nothing better than spending a lazy day here, just wandering about admiring the plants and watching the world go by.
5	I have mentioned in previous reviews than I am very green fingered indeed, I just love foliage, so Royal Botanic Gardens was always going to be a winner in my book. Established in 1670 the Royal Botanic Gardens is very lush indeed and up there with the finest display of shrubbery in the world. Picture perfect on a summer's day when all the flowers are in bloom. It is absolutely free to enter and did you know that the largest palm tree in any greenhouse in Britain is housed right here? That was your useless fact of the day. In addition to this there's also the famous rock garden and an award winning collection of rhododendrons.
4	Yeah it;s lovely here. Yeah it's idyillic. But I used to come here every other week with my boyfriend, who cheated on me (scumbag), so I don't like these gardens so much.I know it's not their fault, but it's full of memories for me. But I suppose that's a testament to how brilliant the Botanic Gardens are  - they are really lovely and you can easily spend a whole day in here.I hope I can take my next boyfriend here and make new memories, because I don't want to lose the gardens!
4	You get two types of public gardens - landscaped garden focusing on general shape and form and spectacular floral displays.  This particular garden is more the former than the latter - more Capability Brown than Alan Titchmarsh.The paths offer easy access round the gardens, but if you really want to enjoy them let the things that catch your eye guide you not the path set out for you.  Upon leaving the main paths everything gets a bit more tranquil and you can be a bit more alone with your thoughts and a part of the garden around you.  These gardens are designed to draw you in and only once you are within them and surrounded by them can you truly appreciate them.  In addition, there are some fabulous secluded spots, some with hidden away benches, off the main path.It's free to get into the park so well worth a visit and on entry a map can be bought for 50p.  Points of interest include the Herbaceous Border, Rock Garden and the Pond.  That said, don't just head straight for these, just go in the general direction else you won't take it all in.  The greenhouses are also on offer and you will have to pay to get in - personally I don't think its worth it, but if you're interested it may be worth a peek.  In general the base opening hours are 10am till 4pm through the week, but longer in summer (closes at 7pm at peak of summer - check website for when it is open for longer).
4	An Edinburgh institution, the botanic gardens, or "Royal Botanic Garden" to put it properly, are a well preserved and conserved area of greenery and natural joy for the people of Edinburgh to appreciate plants, bushes, shrubbery, foliage, flowers and just natural life in general. Although Edinburgh is fairly small as cities go, it's still got all the traffic ridden, congested, busy features that city centres have, so it's pretty amazing that you can stroll into this world of glorious nature in no time from the centre of town. If you just want a bit of chill time, or a quiet walk and a banter with a friend, or you feel like you want to up your nature knowledge and have a peek round at what the earth can actually manage to grow, definitely get yourself down here.
5	As a lover of rich vegetation, a lover of ponds, and a lover of swans, there's only ever going to be one result in my review for The Botanic Gardens. It's a wonderful way to spend a sunny day, and far more civilised and tranquil than the cider-swilling meadows.At a B&B in Oban I once saw some prizewinning rhododendrons, and the bad boys on show in here are the first I've seen that could compete with the finest the rural West Coast has to offer. So full of wonderful purple colour they actually stain the surrounding leaves.Now that's proper horticulture for you.
5	I've been visiting The Botanic Garden ever since I was knee high and it never ceases to capture my imagination and wonder. From it's Palm houses to Inverleith House at the heart of the Gardens, every acre is filled with peace and tranquility in the middle of this metropolis. I now take my kids to the Gardens and to see them feed the squirrels and pigeons and to tumble and rush through the fallen leaves in Autumn as I used to do myself is priceless.
4	This is one of Edinburgh's crown jewels.  Open for a very long time, Edinburgh's Botanic Gardens are a tranquil oasis from the hustle and bustle of the city.  As Robert says, this place is more Capability Brown than Alan Titchmarsh.  There are open landscaped spaces, with plenty of trees, themed areas and flower beds dotted around.  There are also a few glass houses which house some tropical species, and one that specialises in carnivorous plants.  There's nothing more satisfying than watching these plants eat insects.  Well, I find it satisfying anyway.  With it's location in New Town, this is a lot more civilised than the ruffians you'll find in the Meadows - you're more likely to see a middle-aged couple in his and hers rainjackets than a gang of students here.Just brilliant, and truly glorious in the height of summer.
5	The Botanic Gardens are beautiful and a real gem within Edinburgh, it is free entry so you really have got nothing to lose by coming here, no matter what time of the year you go.Obviously the Spring and the Autumn are the best times to go where you can see all the flowers in full bloom or to see the beautiful display the trees put on in September. However, even if you go in the Winter, the greenhouses are kept at really humid conditions allowing all types of plants to prosper as well as giving you somewhere nice and warm to go in the cold months!The gardens are well kept and are very clean and there is a cafe towards the middle of the area if you want to stop for a cup of coffee and a snack. The grounds are also very easy to navigate around due to an abundance of signs and maps.
5	I love this place for the pigeons and squirrels, they are friendly and love getting fed, many will pose for photos and eat from your hand
5	The Botanic Garden in Edinburgh is about as close to heaven as it's possible to get in the city.  Outstandingly beautiful and peaceful with an attractive array of wildlife, including some very friendly squirrels who will eat out of your hand if you're patient enough - though be warned they will bite if they feel threatened.There is a restaurant on the grounds which is ridiculously overpriced and a not inexpensive shop, but the shop is good for souvenirs and if you take a picnic with you there are plenty of places you can enjoy it.  The arboretum is spectacular, though not cheap, but you don't need to visit it to enjoy the gardens and entrance is free.My favourite part has to be the Chinese garden with its bamboo and waterfalls, though there are plenty of nooks and crannies to explore and you can easily spend an entire day out there.  Not to be missed.
5	This place was absolutely incredible.  I visited in late March, but it seems to be the kind of place that has a different style of beauty at different points.  I'll talk about my two favorite parts: the greenhouse gardens and the general gardens (specifically the 'rock hill garden')Walking into each greenhouse was like discovering a whole new world.  Ranging from tropical rooms covered in brilliant flowers and lush vines to a desert room with cactus.  My only regret is that I wasn't able to run around and frolic among the plants like a little kid.  I have to say my favorite greenhouses were probably 8 and 10.  8 had a ton of carnivorous plants and orchids (which are awesome) and 10 had an Amorphophallus Titanum, a plant that grows an absolutely gigantic flower. Unfortunately it is in the beginning stages of this years growth, but that's just an incentive to come back :)The rock hill garden was both visually stunning and a great place for children to play.  While I was there, a wedding was being held and children were running around having a wild time.  If you have kids, take them here, they will love it.  From the top of the hill, you can see the Edinburgh skyline, complete with castle. Trust me its worth seeing.
5	Bit too many rhododendrons for me. But - am I going to knock a star off what is a lovely tranquil space to spend a day? Not I, said the fly. I haven't visited RBGE since I was kneehigh to a lawnmower, when we went to the glasshouses to learn about the rainforest and the threat to it's existence (how times have changed, eh? eh?) and tried dried mango for the first time. Roll on twenty-something years, and it's taken into our heads to revisit. And it really hasn't changed in any way. It's still beautiful, although I swear it was all indoors the last time I visited! Honest! For the tourist wanting to do something not directly on the main drag, or the local wanting somewhere pleasant to picnic in the town, you can't really go wrong. Enjoy.
3	What a great break from the bustle of touring Edinburgh.  Rhododendrons are the thing at the Botanic, and they were in full flower when we visited in mid-April.  Apparently the rhodies have some sort of blight and the Botanic is taking steps to deal with it, but some of them look a bit bedraggled.The coffee shop provided a needed shot of mid-afternoon caffeine.
5	I adore the Botanic Gardens and feel lucky to live within a short walking distance of them. One of my favourite memories is listening to Trespassers William play an acoustic set in the Victorian glasshouse. Under a canopy of palm leaves and to the beat of rain drumming on the glass ceiling, the setting for their music was majestic.http://offthebeatentracks.tv/2009/episode-21-trespassers-william/
4	Everything about my visit to the Botanic Gardens should lead to negative review. We walked all the way from our hotel on High St, which was tiring. It was pouring rain. And I hate nature and hiking.Even with all of these factors, I enjoyed the Gardens. It's really the perfect place for meandering. Not quite normal walking, definitely not hiking, somewhat similar to strolling - an unhurried, unguided meander is how you want to experience the Royal Botanic Garden. As one meanders one can see everything from a perfectly manicured Queens Garden to the overgrown Chinese Hillside. There are greenhouses with tropical flora and exhibits about sustainability. These areas are all separated by rolling grounds and lovely trees, so each new garden feels more like a discovery and less like an item on a checklist.
5	Splendid!  Just an extremely well-tended and well-curated garden that you can spend several hours wending through, and for free.  The glass houses are not free but are worth the extra poundage--each little ecosystem is almost magical in its transformation from the immediate outside surroundings.  Can't believe it's taken so many visits to Edinburgh to finally visit here--this is an excellent counterbalance to all that history and architecture, especially as many of the other EDI parks are either 1. private 2. filled with scary drunks or 3. on a big hill that is difficult to scale when pregnant.
5	This place is HUGE and gorgeous and educational and refreshing. Wow, I'm so glad my husband and I had an amazing sunny and warm day to visit this spot during our honeymoon in late September. Really, the weather couldn't have been more perfect.We witnessed some spectacular flowers and plants that we'd never seen in America and took such a relaxing stroll through the gardens. There were so many young parents with babies relaxing on the lawns. We came in the main entrance and left on the complete opposite side.TIP: Free restrooms!I also got to hug a giant tree. :)
4	These botanical gardens are huge! We were only there for a short spell and visited only a portion of the park but from what we could see it looked quite magnificent. The sheer size is noteworthy and I'm sure there are many wee areas to discover.We went to the duck pond and found it to be thoroughly exciting. My wee one just loved running around.
5	On a sunny day could the Botanic garden is one of those 'places to be'. I haven't actually been in a couple of years, but being in the area on a glorious day, I knew it was time.We entered through the West gate, which prepares you for your visit with loos, a restaurant, a gift/garden shop and a small information centre. Upon exiting this little centre, you arrive in the gardens. Entrance is free, though you pay to enter the greenhouses. I haven't been inside...At this time of year the garden is alive with flowers, though the leaves don't seem to  be appearing on the trees yet... There were plenty of families around having picnics and following the garden trail.  This is a really good place to breathe some fresh air and pretend you are in the countryside. It is identify species, thanks to the numerous signs providing common and scientific names.My favourite areas are:The rocky garden: This feels the most planned, the most ornamental, but it is very cute and idyllic with waterfalls, rocky pathways and little bridges.The Chinese hill: Bamboo, a mini Chinese style pavillion, a pond and tranquil paths. The pond: A waterfall runs into a large pond, home to ducks and various aquatic plants.
5	Oh it really is one of my favourite places to be on a sunny day, an autumn day even a snowy day but maybe not a rainy day ;) Such a serene and freeing place to be.I always seem to discover somewhere new every time I visit the the Royal Botanics. It's now a staple of my tour when friends and family stay over. The shop here is quaint as are the cafe and restaurant. Now and again a few friends and I can be caught enjoying a glass or two of wine on the terrace by the West gate :) It's totally suitable for anyone of any age and taste.
5	Gradens are large to keep you occupied... but not too big, and can be visited in an afternoon. Best of all, the attraction is free, although it is worth paying for if there was a fee.We walked in, walked around... had lunch at the restaurant (food was really good - especially the fish and chips).Rock garden is great, as well as the lawn area, and the overall landscaping.The center of the park has some great views of the city.A must if you are in Edinburgh.
5	I have liked the Botanics since the first time I visited, in the pouring rain with my Mum. As visits to places go, I have to admit it wasn't a particularly successful one, what with   us being too late for afternoon tea at the Gateway and the pouring rain, however we still had a lovely time. There are lots of different things to see here, I think I notice something new every time I visit. Different kinds of plants and gardens and an amazing view. I have to say I am not a garden fanatic as my parents are, but I do enjoy spending time here.Recently I took my class on a school trip here and they loved it. I found it a fantastic experience seeing the place through their eyes. I think this is definitely a place for all ages. If you haven't been, I would say definitely go.
4	I've lived in Edinburgh for 8 years and shamefully had never before been to the Botanics. But on a gloriously sunny long weekend my boyfriend and I headed down for a wander. Now, in my head it would be more like Glasgow's Botanics and we'd find a spot to sit and read - but it didn't feel quite right doing that here so instead we did a full circuit, admiring the beautiful botany and fabulous flowers. I was really pleasantly surprised by how lovely it all is (especially in the sun).Feeling a bit hungry we stopped by one of the cafes for a coffee and a cake and yep, it was on the more expensive side for what you got. Plus, chocolate melts...We missed out on the various greenhouses, as you have to pay to get in (and it's not especially cheap, from memory entrance was about a fiver), but otherwise had a great time - no doubt helped by the weather!
5	Beautiful gardens and a perfect day out of a sunny day. I love coming here with a good book, sprawling out on the grass and getting stuck in to a story. A must visit is the glasshouse - worth the small cost of entry without a doubt. The Botanics are an Edinburgh institution; long may the stunning gardens continue to delight the city's people.
5	I love this place, and I don't go enough! It's just on that other side of the city from me, that isn't really far at all, but feels like it to me. It's a really lovely place to go for a walk, and to bring visitors to. When I did support work this was a great place to bring the service users, as it's so spacious and relaxing, with lots of beautiful plants and trees, and many squirrels. There are good facilities here with a cafe on one side of the Botanics and a restaurant on the other, with a shop, exhibition area, and toilets. The Botanics seems to be a popular place for weddings too and I've seen lots of well dressed people wandering through.Writing this makes me want to go there again soon!
5	If you looking for a break away from the hectic buzz of the city, take a short stroll down to the Botanics, you won't be disappointed.  It's a very peaceful, relaxing and beautiful place.  I regularly visited the Botties when I was an art student, drawing the flora and fauna in the humid greenhouses.  Last year I attended my friends wedding here, a perfect venue for it.  More recently I went for the star gazing night event.  Attended to a lecture and looked at the stars and moon through their telescopes.  Fascinating!They have lots of events here, check out the website for workshops, talks and walks they arrange.  But do go for an easy wonder through, take a picnic along, get lost in nature and enjoy.
4	If you're looking for a free, child friendly and central activity on a sunny day in Edinburgh the Botanics are a great option. The grounds are very well kept, with lots of beautifully designed little areas, all hosting a wonderful selection of flowers. There are greenhouses (at least one of which is free to enter) alongside water features, pagodas, rock gardens and ponds.The most lovely aspect of the Botanical Gardens is how child friendly it is. Everywhere you go there are children running around, playing, learning and just having a brilliant time. The space is vast and safe, so parents can let their little ones run loose with comfort. Despite the masses of happy and excited children there are also plenty of quite spaces to sit and relax. I can imagine an author going to one of the magnificent benches to write, or a student to study, for example, so the space is very varied in that sense. The best part of it all is that it doesn't cost you a penny and, unlike many free attractions, the whole place is kept to a really high standard. Definitely worth a visit! Handy tip- they do host weddings here as well, so if you're looking for a beautiful spot, go and check it out!
5	I love the Botanics.  The Man and I used to come here for a stroll when we lived in the neighborhood and didn't have a garden - it's quiet and green with plenty of benches for relaxing, and as it's not the kind of place where you can bring a disposable BBQ, you're also not going to have to contend with drunk students.Lately I come here to have a poke around the edible garden and get some inspiration. Their polytunnel is fantastic, and they have several veggie patches that are maintained by groups of school kids.  As a gardener it really is fabulous to have so many different gardening techniques in use in one place so I can get an idea for what is best for our space.
5	The sun was out and so were the seasonal blooms!A stone throw away from the city, this is central park of Edinburgh but oh so much more sophistacated!!I love coming down here for some gardening inspiration.  A bonus if I have my big camera too!This is not my first visit and it certainly won't be my last!
3	The gardens themselves are lovely and maintained to a high standard. The exhibits inside are interesting and the restaurant is lovely. Sadly the cafe is an utter shambles. On our recent visit it was a filthy maze that charged extortionate prices. If you don't intend on visiting the restaurant then spare yourself the horror of a trip to the cafe and bring a picnic!!
5	I loved the Royal Botanic Garden. The paths are wide and there are lots of quiet little pockets to sit and read or just enjoy the scenery. There is plenty of pretty wildlife as well. We fed the squirrels and birds. This is where my husband purposed to me.
