5	I highly recommend Dr. Julie Crawford of Estrella Internal Medicine and Pediatrics. She is by far the most caring, thorough doctor I have ever had - and I've kind of had a lot of doctors. :-)Both Dr. Crawford and Dr. Johnson are board certified internists and pediatricians, so you may be waiting in a room with Nemo on the wall - which I find charming. Perhaps it's that pediatric touch that makes her bedside manner so refreshing.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Johnson's since 2000.  I have three kids - 10,3,2 that have all seen him since they were babies.  Occasionally we see Lindsey Michaud or Dr. Crawford if it is a last minute appointment.They are all AWESOME!!!  Their nurses are very kid-friendly as well.  It is very convenient that my whole family uses the same doctor's office, which has kid-themed "murals" in some rooms.I have referred several people I work with to these doctors - one has special needs - and they have all been happy.
5	hated to hear that Dr Julie Crawford left this practice.  Wish her well and her patients will be lucky to have her wherever  she goes.
5	These guys are awesome!  I just moved to the area and needed an 18 month well baby exam for my daughter.  I was very reluctant to go to a new office and did a *ton* of research before finally making the appointment (though I did struggle to find any recommendations for pediatricians in the area).  I finally settled on Estrella Ped. because they were close by and had a few good reviews (though they were both for Dr. Crawford who is no longer with the practice).To begin, whoever answers the phones is one of the most competent front office staffers I have ever spoken to!  She was able to answer all of my questions and was super friendly and helpful (and I probably called at least 4 times with questions).  The MA we had (Sonja, I believe) was great with my daughter!  She was super friendly, quick, gentle and highly competent.  Dealing with squirmy toddlers has got to be a challenge, but she got everything done before my daughter even knew what hit her.  For the actual visit, we saw Jenna, one of the PA's.  She too was great- did the exam, answered all of our questions, was super nice and friendly and never made us feel rushed.I am pregnant with my second child now and have no hesitations about taking the whole family back- this is a great office!
5	We take our daughter here and love love the staff.  We usually see the PA Eryn (sp?) and she is great with our kiddo.  The MAs are also great there.  I can call and ask a question about something regarding our daughter and get a prompt response if not then and there when i call.  As a first time parent, that is quite a blessing!So it is a little strange that old people and younglings go to the same office but if you can get past that, it's totally worth going, especially if you live in the area.  The staff is great and so is our daughter's board certified pediatrician, Dr. Johnson.  They are not particularly pushy about one opinion or another which I feel like is a good thing.
1	I was diagnosed with prostatitis and given a 23 day course of cipro.  The Dr. advised me NOT TO STOP even if I felt better due to the nature of my diagnosis.  After 5 days on Cipro I started suffering side-effects.  The Dr. did not take advise me on any side-effects at all, not a single one to look for.  I called and asked to speak with my Dr.  They said she was on vacation.  They advise a doctor would review my case and call me.   They said stop taking the medicine, I told them I already had for 3 day and that I still have they same symptoms.(23 day course of antibiotics)  They advised to wait some more time.  I said that doesn't make sense when my Dr. strongly advised I don't stop the medicine EVEN IF I FELT BETTER, which I clearly told them I DIDN'T FEEL BETTER.  I asked for a different antibiotic to treat my ailment.  They did nothing for me other that advise that my Dr would be back from vacation in a week.  I waited....  I called back today and more incompetent staff  handling my phone calls.  I asked to have the Dr call me, they said to come into the office.  I don't need to come into the office, have the Dr call me.  These people are morons!!  Its simple, I stopped taking the prescIribed medicine 5 days into a 23 day regimen.  I asked for an alternative to be prescribed and I got a bullsh!t run around with nobody wanting to take responsibility.  The day my Dr. returns from vacation I make request for a call back and they again refuse stating I need to return for an appointment!!  WTF is a matter with these idiots.  If your reading this please note, THE DR NEVER CALLED BACK, NEVER ACKNOWLEDGE MY REQUEST and WENT AGAINST HER OWN GOD DAMN MEDICAL OPINION!!!People is plain and simple, if you value your health, you value your time stay away from this archaic practice.  I'm mulling over a medical malpractice...only after speaking with another doctor about the ordeal I've gone through.
