3	Wendy's?  Reviewing Wendy's?  That's right.  Dave Thomas would be proud if he were still with us.  Except there isn't much to be proud of at this location.I mean it looks nice and all (really, it's a very nice example of what a Wendy's can look like), but it's not so nice other than that.  Service is s... l... o... w.  Even if you're from the south and single syllable words take three or more syllables to pronounce, this place is slow.The new (ish) menu at Wendy's is a step up from where they used to be, but I am pretty sure that isn't specific to this location.  The only downside is that speed of service.  It is downright painful.
2	This Wendy's looks to be less than a year old, but it's not kept very well.  It may have been bad timing, but it seems like none of the tables were wiped up and the bathroom was super dirty.  When we came in, there wasn't a large crowd or anything... it's a shame since the inside would be nice if it was just tidied up.The parking lot is very awkwardly designed.  You have to park on the side of the building and it seems like the drive-thru was the main forethought here.Service was super slow and the staff didn't seem that friendly.  I only ordered a frosty and it seemed like the employee was pulling teeth when mixing up the oreos into it.  I still enjoyed the frosty, but it made it way less fun to see that the person making it was miserable.
2	these 2 reviews are right on the money; i live in mint hill and HAVE to go to this one on the weekends if I want Wendys, and its a huge pain in the a-s because the service is AWFUL! Every day is like the 1st day it opened w/people running around like chickens w/their heads cut off. Inside is slow, drivethru is WORSE. And altho I've never seen it dirty-dirty I do notice that the floors seem to have an awful lot of trash them for no busier than the place is (they could easily have someone every cpl hrs wipe off the tops and quick sweep it.
1	From the outward appearance, this Wendy's is modern and easily accessible.  The inside is also very ergonomic and very nice.  That's about all the good I can say about it.  From the time we walked in, there was only one register open and the line was to the door.  The child in front of us even screamed he wanted to leave because he wanted to eat and he wanted it now!We hesitantly waited 20-25 minutes and I wanted to leave but by then we had too much time invested.  We finally got to place our order and the line behind us was still to the door and the manager even popped up front but refused to acknowledge the crowd and lack of service being given.  Despicable!To beat all, the chicken nuggets were cold and dry.  Service was poor and extremely dissatisfying.  I also noticed the drive thru was wrapped around the building and once you got in line, you couldn't get out because of the way it was poorly designed.  You're just stuck.  I don't think we were the only dissatisfied customers that day but I won't go back.
2	The drive thru is so tight , the curb will scratch your wheels unless you happen to be driving a European compact car.
3	It's Wendy's food. Good fast food that isn't super greasy. The spicy chicken sandwich is my favorite. The drive through is always friendly and fast. I haven't had a wrong order yet, which is a miracle at fast food places. To get into the Wendy's is kind of a pain sometimes. Especially now when there is construction going on the main road . Plenty of parking and always clean.
