3	Here are the positives of this store:It is beautifully put together and even though it is consignment, you don't feel like you are at a typical consignment shop.  There product is in better shape than most place in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  The negative: You have to be a smart shopper.  Some of their prices are as much as you would pay for the item new.  I just learned the hard way.  They seem to lean more toward the consigners wants than the true market value of an item.
1	Wow, made my first trip in to Dash the other day after going to 10 other consignment stores in Scottsdale.  I am furnishing a house and looking for quality merchandise at a decent price.  I could not believe the prices of their merchandise.  There are much better options for consignment furniture all over Scottsdale.
1	Buyer Beware! This store has some nice things but their prices are outrageous! I even lifted up a vase once that was marked higher than the original sticker on the bottom - they obviously forgot to remove the original. Their staff are really nasty sour people and walk around with noses in the air like they smell something bad about people who would buy less than new furniture. They also like to follow you around and tell you not to sit on the sofas. Skip this place!Ruth C
1	Beautifully laid out store but the staff is very uptight. The prices are very high and in many cases as high as a new item. To be the only consignment store in Scottsdale to not allow pictures is strange. What are they hiding?
1	My husband and I recently went to a few consignment stores in the area. The prices don't bother me as I like high end stuff like Robb and Stucky and Thomasville. The positives are they have nice quality things for the most part and it is nicely laid out. They also did initially call to ask if we were satisfied with the products. However, the negatives far out weigh the positives. The staff is rude and they use very high pressure sales. When we brought up some problems (for example they left only one stool out front and the other two in the back and wouldn't let us view them all together). When we brought them home they didn't even match. Also, their stuff is overpriced and when we explained we were frustrated and how I had a agreed with other yelp comments, I was told that the people on yelp were just all cheap. Well, we also went to air park consignment, lost and found, etc... Though they are all quite different in price and quality, some are even better quality and I didn't mind spending a couple thousand dollars on a piece as long as it was good quality, going to last, and I was not being taken advantage of. Definitely didn't feel that way at dash! Again, the staff was pushy, rude, and I didn't feel they were entirely honest about pricing. Would not return, though the philosophy of a consignment, as well as the price is well worth the visit to some of the other stores in the air park where the staff is also quite lovely!
1	I am absolutlely frightened at this moment.  I consigned 20 pieces there and when I checked on the items today only two were displayed.     When I first came in with picutres they were very enthusiastic about taking my furniture but wouldn't give me a contract.  After their movers brought the furniture in they wouldn't give me their price estimates because they hadn't processed it yet.  Ok.  When I came back I was appalled at the low prices because their furniture on display has very high prices.  I assumed mine would start higher and then drop as the month passed by.  They told me it was Chinese pieces and would be difficult to sell. I didn't even get to look at their contract until my 20 pieces were there. After 70 days then they told me over the phone that nothing had sold so  I decided to come in.  One piece had a price tag of $ 599.00 although on my contract they listed it for $200.  When confronted they said it was a mistake; it was mislabeled for another item.  The tag said what the item was. It wasn't what he went and changed the item to be.  Both my husband and I saw it.   The other item was not marked and they said it was being marked down so they hadn't gotten  to it.  Another item I demanded to see because they they said it was all scratched up.  I knew it wasn't; it was brand new.  They wouldn't let me in the back of their warehouse because "insurance didn't allow it"?  With every door locked they wouldn't allow me into the warehouse to see that my pieces were still there. (I have spoken to someone about that.  They said I have every right to go into their warehouse. ) They brought out the sides of the requested item barely scratched up, maybe by their delivery guys?  Obviously this item had not been displayed.  Here's the deal they said:  they rotate their furniture every two weeks.  They have to keep their displays fresh.  I told  them you never told me that.  Obviously my taken apart piece wasn't taken apart every two weeks.  They never displayed it.  I asked, " How are people to know you have other merchandise to sell?  You don't have any signs up indicating you have other merchandise in your warehouse. "They quickly answered,"  Oh people ask for things and we show them."  Come on.  If you go into a consignment shop you don't know there are things in their warehouse.  If I had  known their 'policy ' was they only display items on a rotation basis I would NEVER have consigned to them.  With only two items being displayed what are the odds that the other 18 were displayed on the next rotation. I still have 19 days there and I am absolutely frightened that my pieces will be marked down to nothing and I will not be able to take them somewhere else. These guys had an answer for everything except...Where is my furniture? I will wait to see that I have my items to pick up on the July 1 date Tanner gave me.  I hope this review helps me. I will report back.
1	So here's my update. When I originally posted, one of the things I mentioned was that I was impressed that they  made a follow up call to see if we were happy. During that phone call I mentioned that the stools didn't match and that they didn't fit our bar. They said they wouldn't take them back but would give someone who was also interested our number. Well she called so set up a time to see them. However, she went to Dash and they actually got another customer involved and showed her the review. They then had her call me from the store to say she wouldn't buy the stools due to the review. I mean if that isn't petty I don't know what is!  I find it interesting tht there are 5 bad reviews in 3 mths! What is going on! I sure hope they change their attitude and practice and start getting some positive refiew-even one! Lol! Otherwie they wont exist soon enough! If you look at the 5 star consignment stores in the air park (again some just as high if not higher quality and price), there are few or no bad review. Deff not 5 in 3 mths! One wonders why that is.... We can't all be writing bad reviews becaue we are all cheap as the manager on the phone said. Consignments are great! Just read yelp and only go to 5 star stores! There is a reason they received 5 stars-good quality, fair prices, and lovely staff!
1	DON'T go to this place. The staff who look janitors are the rudest n crude people you will ever meet. They talk down and everything the say it a lie just to sell the item. I would have never bought a used mattress and they assured me that it was a floor model and never been used. After paying for it I found a stain on the other side and they denied everything. They prices are more inflated than buying new. I found these Lamps in there store that were mark 700.00 and I had exact ditto one at home and had paid half the price brand new. They also said racial slur in which I heard and was shocked to see ppl that are sweeping the floors of this place could have such hatred to customers. Don't go. You will thank me for it !!!!!!!!!
1	Rude, rude, rude and overpriced.  Ripped off a friend of mine when she was consigning furniture.  Don't do business with them.  It was pathetic how they took advantage of her.
1	WORST consignment store in the Valley, and no wonder they are going out of business.  They never attempted to sell a very unique piece of art work I brought to consign, instead they "donated" a day after contract expired.  It's no wonder their sales people are rude and ignorant as they are completely unhappy they are going out of business and will never be able to open another business again...these guys are absolute crooks!
1	RUN AWAY fast!!!! The worst store I have ever been in- these Maricons are so rude- decided to close the store down when it was 3 in the afternoon while I was inside. They basically told me to get out, I guess they had a lovers spat or something.... Anyway I'm sure that "nature" will take it course and they will close for good. I seriously think they have a need for some years of therapy with the way they treat people.
1	Glad they are out of business.
1	I am appalled at the bitter and immature responses by the owners. Personal attacks have no place in business. I was hoping to refer clients to Dash however it wasn't the poor client reviews, it was the owners response that led me to a a professional  consignment competitor.
