4	At the N.E. corner of Desert Inn and Eastern, just a couple of doors down from Ross and behind the Starbucks on the corner is a small US Post Office. It's a retail unit that from the outside doesn't look like much. The PO box area is a little worn and tired looking, and the big metal door that covers the main section doesn't do much to make the place inviting. And yes, there's typically a line of 3-5 people when you step inside. But that line moves fast thanks to a USPS employee named DeDe who really knows her stuff. USPS employees like her used to be a common thing, now they are a rarity. She will get you in, get you what you need, and get you on your way pretty quickly. And you get it all without attitude, although I don't think I'd want to irritate her as she's not the type you wanna mess with. This location is a diamond in the rough, and when you need a Post Office and don't want to be standing around watching another episode of the slow and the clueless you go here. Things just get done here without fuss. And that's why I like it so much. 4 VERY strong Stars for this one.
3	The service from the one employee in here was very outgoing and fantastic. This office is small and run down, and poorly maintained. They do not have any self help kiosk, so you must wait in line to send a package. This location is very dirty and closes for lunch hour
2	CLOSED FOR LUNCH!!!It was Wednesday at 1:20 in the afternoon, the sun was out and my wife and I got way too much swag at the Heli Expo.  Now we couldn't get everything into our luggage, (yes we tried) so we decided to head to the nearest post office and get a flat rate box to ship stuff back home.  Now we all know that if it fits then it ships, and this was actually my first time ever using this wonderful system.  Now I can't lie, I was a little excited to see how much stuff I could fit into these boxes. So we got onto Yelp and looked up the local post office.  Found It!!   It was only a couple of miles away from the convention center and then it would be a quick drive to the airport.So we pull up to the post office, walk up to the door and notice there is a sign on the door saying they are closed for lunch and will be back at 2:00.  The door was open, so we walked inside and they didn't have any boxes or for that matter they didn't have anything that was accessible while they were at lunch.  So this meant that we either had to wait 40 minutes until they were done with lunch or go somewhere else.  What a pain!
2	ITS HARD TO SHIP A FLAT RATE BOX WITHOUT THE BOXRealizing that our two bag limit for carry-on items was going to be difficult to keep, we decided that we should ship a box home. Not a lot of stuff, and nothing important, just some documents and swag from the convention we attended. And some sandals, soap, hotel lotions, etc.  Decided to leave the alcohol behind. I hope someone at the auto rental place enjoys the vodka because we put it in the front seat for them. Next to the dirty car door they rented us.Unfortunately, after finding this location of USPS we stopped by and it was closed up. Lunch from 1-2 is fine but they had NO supplies available inside. Perhaps I'm spoiled here in Walnut Creek. Our USPS has supplies and stickers, tape, pens... all sorts of goodies and most available after-hours, as they are located in the area with P.O. Boxes. Boxes for flat-rate shipping are always available at the home office. And they don't close for lunch. Of course this is not the case while on vacation.Thanks a lot, USPS. Now we get to drive around some more. If your location is too small to stay open for lunch, perhaps it's not absolutely necessary to keep it open at all. Especially as the federal government is trying to cut USPS hours anyhow.
3	The service from the one employee in here was very outgoing and fantastic. This office is small and run down, and poorly maintained. They do not have any machines to
