4	When I first moved out to Middleton I split my grocery-shopping between the two aged Sentry and Kohl's stores, neither of which were altogether satisfactory but was still slightly better than driving to Woodman's and fighting the crowds.  When Kohl's became Copps not much changed, until one day I learned the store was closing and reopening in the Frank Lloyd Wright development further up Century.  About a month after the store opened I visited it for the first time, and I was highly impressed.  The layout is much more user-friendly and modern.  I especially like how the produce and deli sections come together, so you quickly can pick up meals-to-go and hit the salad bar right after walking in.  Another nice feature of the aisle layout is the "Natural & Organic" shelves.  In each section there is shelf space devoted to the natural and organic varieties, which makes them much easier to find then when everything is by brand.  I've recently found myself utilizing the self-checkouts when I am only buying a few items, and it is incredibly convenient.  I used to wait until I was out of just about everything to go to the store, but now I'm in and out in five minutes flat.  I can't believe I never did this before.I especially enjoy the organic produce being the first thing you see as you come in the doors.  The Farmers Market is great, but if you just need a tomato or an onion they're right there.  The deli and the salad bar are always reliable, though I tend to get off work fairly l late and selections can get picked over.  Just last night I discovered they sell sushi boxes, and I thought mine was very good - though the single soy sauce packet wasn't quite enough.  The check-out staff have always been quick and friendly, and once when an item slipped out of the bag at the counter the bagger chased me out to my car to return it to me.The drawbacks of the store are that the prices are generally higher than Woodman's and the selection can be a bit sparse.  I almost always find what I need, but there is always one item that is either no longer stocked or out of stock when I'm there, which can be really frustrating.  There used to be a bit of a wait for check-out but now with the self-checkouts this isn't much of a problem.  I also found that it is best not to go shopping on Sunday nights since much more seems to be out of stock.  Also, the parking lot can get a bit hectic especially on weekends.  Overall there's not much to dislike about the place, and it serves as a great anchor for the entire commercial development there.
4	Since this is only a few blocks from home, I tend to frequent Copps. The first time I went to a Copps, I was bowled over by their rainbow of gorgeous produce( I had been frequenting Woodman's East because of location...which has scary scary produce). I think I heard angels singing...but maybe that was just the Muzak in the background...They have a great selection of ethnic food(although not as large as Woodman's), a decent bulk section, and great meat/seafood counter. The guys there are always pretty helpful. The prices are a bit higher than several other chains in the area, but it's a great place to find those special items.
5	Great store with friendly workers. The selection is great, although as I was a visitor to the area, I am not sure if the prices are on par with other grocery stores. I had a special order cookie cake that the nice lady quickly personalized for the blizzard party I had at the hotel. The wine selection was pretty good and the prices for the bottles I bought were reasonable. The only thing I was surprised about was the lack of cheeses, particularly quality locally made varieties.
2	Only out of convience I shop here.  The cashiers give you the "what are you doing here" look.  Meat department must purchase anorexic cows.  Good luck getting consistency..
2	While Copp's is not my primary grocery store, I drop by periodically when traveling between Madison and my home base in Waunakee, especially if I need fresh produce.  In the past, the store has been generally clean and well maintained, but lately that's not always the case.The produce department is my favorite section of the store.  The quality of the produce is better than what I find at Woodmans or the local Piggly Wiggly.  Selection is solid as well.  They could do a better job sourcing local products.This location has the standard issue bakery options (cakes, cookies, doughnuts, bread and rolls).  The quality of the baked goods is pedestrian.The deli options are plentiful, including a small sushi counter.  The selection of specialty cheese could be better.I've never been a fan of the meat department.  The selection of cuts is limited and the quality of the meat doesn't pass the eye test.  The chicken breasts I've purchased from this store often cook up spongier than I would like.As for packaged goods, the prices for staples like cereal, flour, pasta and canned goods are 10% to 25% higher than the prices found at Woodmans.  The international and organic option pale in comparison to Woodsmans as well.Copps keeps changing up its policy on the use of loyalty cards to get the sales prices.  After a short reprieve where no loyalty card was needed, they recently introduced the FreshPerks Card recently which is required to get the sales price.  Hey Copps, you know what a real perk would be?  Not requiring me to carry another stupid loyalty card to make your pricing somewhat competitive.  The staff members are not overly friendly but competent.  Overall, it's better no better or worse then the majority of Copp's Food Centers in the area.
