4	I have been to this buffet Handful of times for breakfast and once for dinner.I'm giving this buffet four stars based upon overall value, service, and decor.The prices are great. Example: $5.99 for breakfast with players card. Service has always been great. The restaurant is spacious, modern, and overall attractive setting. The food pretty decent, stick to the cooking stations and fresh foods. Does it compare to the Wynn buffet or Wicked spoon? No, you get what you pay for. It is was it is, accept for what it is and you'll enjoy it.
2	I don't expect much from buffets because I've been disappointed so many times. I went at 4pm for the seafood buffet which was way overpriced. I paid 86.00 for four people including a 6 year old child. There are no discounts on seafood night for children. I also had a players card. I thought the food was okay. I did enjoy the variety of desserts (sugar-free). Overall I think you should go when you're really really hungry and feel like splurging. It  wasn't amazing but it wasn't horrible. It was like "eh".
4	Good food. Good service. And reasonable price.Nancy was a great server. Didnt bug too much but got us what we needed. Their meat selection is great. And for dessert I had some ice cream. Love their pistachio one. Also if you have the players card, you get a dollar off. We checked what promotion they had going on with the players card on their kiosk..and got a 2 for 1 entry.
1	Yuck. I was in the area and hungry so I decided to stop in for the Sunday brunch buffet, which is $11.99 pp with a players card. It was a little after noon when we got there but the brunch is supposed to be until 3. All the breakfast items were cold, old and hard. I tried the eggs and they were hard and crusty. The French toast was rock hard and the sausage patties were inedible. The best thing I had was a bagel with lox and cream cheese! The dessert section was lame, but they did have gelato and a variety of soft cookies. I tried the spumomi gelato and added little mini marshmallows on top and I almost broke my tooth chewing on one of the marshmallows. I will not be back.
4	So, this was once Feast Buffet.  I'm glad there's nothing that really changed though except for the name. As I've written in my Feast Review that I could no longer find, the best time to go is when they serve whatever food you like.  There's seafood night which I'm not too concerned about since I'm allergic to shellfish, and then, there's Lechon Tuesday!My buddy, Lawrence M was excited when I told him they have lechon. So, off we went!  We weren't sure what time they close so, we felt bad when we got there 3 minutes before they close.  We had a plan B in mind and were ready to march to a different place to eat but they allowed starving gym rats like us to go ahead and stuff our faces.  It really pays to be polite and kind! The hostesses, our server and foo station attendants were nice eventhough we got there so late. So yeah, they close at 9pm.Dinner for us was only about $12 with military discount on Veterans Day.  Normally, it's about $12/person and you get a discount with a player's card. That's really cheap! I'll say this again, lechon can be expensive because not a lot of places have it. You have to be in-the-know where to get lechon and normally, you have to pre-order it and buy the whole pig for abput $200 depending on the size of the pig. Anthony Bourdain dubs this succulent pig with crispy skin THE BEST PIG he's ever had. So, even if you paid full price for the buffet, you definitely get your money's worth. Get this, they even have Mang Tomas lechon sauce.They have the typical buffet fare such as prime rib, turkey, BBQ ribs, salads, pizza, pasta, potatoes, veggies, Chinese food, Mexican food, pies, cakes, cookies, ice cream, etc. Since we got there so late, the soft serve was liquid - but I didn't care, I just want the taste. The lady behind the counter kept telling me that it's liquid. But I like ice cream soup. The only thing was the coffee ice cream had ice particles. The other flavor I got was fine. The lady behind the ice cream and pie counter was sweet and funny.Items on my plates:Lechon - absolutely great! Skin was crispy - finding crispy skin requires great skill. 5/5Chicken Fajitas - a bit dry. 2/5Steamed BBQ Pork Buns - most buffet places that serve these are awful - too doughy, too dry. These were quite good for a buffet place. 4/5Sesame Balls - they're tinier than the ones you'll find at Chinese restaurants but this isn't a Chinese restaurant. These have red bean inside. 4/5Fried Plantains - I love fried bananas! Some bananas were soft, some were firmer. I pefer the softer ones as they tend to be sweeter. 4/5Meatballs - these were pretty good. Either that or I was just very hungry after working out. They're not dry and they're quite tasty. 3.5/5Prime Rib - juicy, medium-rare slice of beef. Mmmmm...3.5/5Turkey - I was expecting a very dry piece of turkey because it's closing time and it probably has been sitting under a heating lamp forever. I was pleasantly surprised that it was juicy. 4/5French Fries - I was so happy to see they have fries. I love fries! Warm, crispy fried potaoes. Add a little bit of salt and I'm happy. 4/5Kielbasa - I've been good at avoiding cured meats lately but Lawrence gave me his sausage. Since it was already on my plate, I had to try it. Maybe, I'm not used to salt anymore but it was pretty salty. 3/5
3	We met friends here for dinner partly because we'd never been in the place since it opened several years ago.While no longer a Station Casino, the buffet maintained some of the Red Rock Casino's layout and some of the items were identical to the buffet at Red Rock.  Probably the same supplier.We were seated promptly.  The area to get your food is quite large and makes getting around people fairly easy.  I was most pleased with the pulled pork at the BBQ section.  The pork buns in the Asian section were good and they have a nice selection of gelato. The rest of the desserts were a bit lacking.Refills of drinks and coffee at the end of the meal was very efficient.  I may be back when I'm looking for something different especially when I found out that Tuesday night, they have lechon.
5	BEST BREAKFAST DEAL IN LAS VEGAS!  Custom omeletes prepared specifically to your liking by one of the best omelete chef's in Las Vegas.  This would run $35 if it were on the strip but is only $5.99 with the Players card which is very quick to get if you don't already have one.  Seek out Jose, the guy is  a master.  Ask him for recommendations and let him go to work.  My relatives from out of state can't wait to visit Jose when they come in, it's their favorite part of the trip!  He's just a great guy whose is really good at what he does.  Great service and plenty to choose from.
4	One of my favorite places for brunch on the weekends.Only 11 dollars with a players card.Everything is always fresh and there is even an omelet station.Also,all you can drink champaign.Its a good deal
3	On weekdays a lunch at Medley Buffet is only $8.99. I had a BOGO coupon so lunch for two with drinks came to $9.72 - not too shabby. Unless you come on a night where there is a special dining theme (Hawaiian, Seafood), the available food options are always the same and typical of other Station Casinos. I always find myself hovering over the Italian and Mexican cuisine. For this occasion, I loaded up on Cheese Ravioli with some type of cream based sauce, garlic bread sticks, and a Caesar salad. On my second trip, I tried to do Mexican but was disappointed that they didn't have refried beans (they had black beans instead, but who wants to eat that healthy nonsense?). For dessert, I had two scoops of mint chocolate ice cream. One plus is that at Medley, the ice cream tastes like ice cream and not that gross watered down stuff. Bottom Line: the majority of the food is strictly mediocre, but for the price, you can't complain because you get to stuff your face on a dime.
4	Pretty good buffet and better than the surrounding local casinos.   Good salad bar and desserts.    Pizza also good.   Can't say anything is excellent but average or above.   One little thing I notice is that they must have a lazy food preparer in the back because their chicken for their fajitas and Chinese dishes is cut in large pieces and not small as usual. Try fitting them in a small corn tortilla and see what happens.   Same with some of the veggies.   That shows they rush things and need to be more attentive.  Service is also good. Like in most buffets they need to stir their foods more often.
3	As far as buffets go in Vegas, who rules the roost? Not Medley Buffet at Aliante, but for those living in the North/Northwest side of town - it will do.My husband, myself, and my brother trekked here on Christmas Day for dinner. We arrived at about 1:30 PM, which I think was the "sweet spot" because there was only a few others in line ahead of us, and when we were seated, there were no other patrons around us. However, as we got through our meal it got crowded real fast.This buffet offers the "norm" - meat carving station (props on the very succulent and juicy turkey, probably my fave of everything), and the prime rib was nothing to turn your nose up at. The ham though fell flat and dry. Other "traditional offerings" included stuffing, mashed potatoes, gravy, green bean casserole.Other sections of the buffet include: Asian, Mexican, and Desserts. It's not the greatest selection, nor is it the worst.Aliante has been broken away from Stations Casinos for a couple years, so don't expect to be able to use your Station Card to get a discount here, you have to sign up to Aliante's players club. However, since it was Christmas, the kind cashier charged my family the players club price anyway. Per usual this is a good deal taking about $3-$4 off the norm price.I was happy to not have to cook or clean dishes after a big meal. Only downside is, we have no leftovers! Oh well.
5	I love, love, love this buffet! The food is fresh, delicious, there's a large variety, and it is very clean! We love Aliante Casino, so the fact they have such a great buffet is a huge bonus. We love their Friday night seafood buffet, my husband loves the crab legs, my daughter loves the salmon, and I love their fish n chips. We even went here for Thanksgiving and were so pleased; classic turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes, ham, green bean casserole, sweet potatoes, pumpkin pie....just awesome. The service is excellent, fast, friendly, accommodating, and polite. Great salad bar, fresh fruit, American, Asian, Soul Food, Italian, dessert, I can't say enough good things. Try it out if you want to get away from the busy strip and outrageous prices. Enjoy!
3	Very reasonable, especially if you have a players club card. So get one for the buffet. Great place to take the kids, and very well priced. Menu items from pretty much all over the globe. If you are in the area, or staying here, it is well worth it.
