4	From pink 70's Cadillacs with 90-inch rims to terrible mothers with leopard print finger nails screaming at their children, this Walmart has it all. FUN FACT - sometimes I find chicken wing bones on shelves in the tooth paste aisle...irony. Having a bad day? Come on down and boost the old self esteem. That's one of my favorite things to do in Mountain Island. Live entertainment is more valuable than cable. P.s. Rice crispy treats cereal is sold here, so good.- Steve F.  (All stars given are not for the quality of the establishment, but for the entertainment it provides)
3	It's big. It's national. It's....a Walmart. Now, everyone knows about Wally World. Anyways, this one isn't too bad since the location of it is so close to my house. It is sort of still kind of new and clean inside and it hasn't been shot down with grime and dirtiness that we all associate Walmart to. This one sells food and all those goodies, and usually their bakery stuff goes on sale and comes out with good deals... even though you'll have to eat it in a day or two, it's worth it. If I'm looking for something immediately then you'll find me here...or not considering I'm in and out! Which usually takes about 20 minutes considering how big Walmarts are.Overall, it's a Walmart. I have no likes or hates about this place, even though I know their business practices are a bit ummm iffy. They say they save you money, which is true!
1	If you are thinking of buying a house in this zip code, don't.  You will be looking for a new home inside of a year.  The Walmart here tops it all off.  For the umpteenth time, my wife was sexually harassed by Walmart employees today.  Whenever she goes in there by herself she has to put up with lude and sexual comments, followed up by a proposition...from a Walmart employee.  The worst part is, today my wife said, "If it was somewhere else, I would care, but it's Walmart."  As if it is to be expected!  It isn't "ok" just because it is a ghetto trash Walmart.  This place is a zoo, and its filled with animals that don't understand how to function in modern society.  When I first moved here from NY, I thought it was funny.  Now, just seeing it from the road makes me imagine how many crown vics with 90" rims are blasting bass with an infant crying in the back seat while the 35 year old waste of space driving the car is trying to figure out how he can become one of the Mercedes drivers on disability hoarding the handicapped spots.  There is something wrong with people in this city.
4	This was likely my best  experience at any Walmart. On this visit, I picked up Christmas and birthday gifts for my daughter. Really huge gifts. So of course, they couldn't fit in the buggie. Two associates took my items to the front with no question. My only issue was customer service. The help I hot there was minimal. I had a lot of items but I was instructed to check out there. She didn't seem happy or very pleasant in general. Other than that great experience at Wally World.
1	Dirty store.  Lazy employees.  Never seem to have the fast check line open. When I asked why the employee said I don't know. This is the worst run store I have ever been in. Go up the road to the Denver Walmart. It's a totally different planet.
4	This review is for the Auto Center. I recently had a nail or so I thought in my tire and went to another tire place to have them fix it or replace the tire. They checked my tires or so I thought and said I only needed a plug. They plugged it up and I was on my way. The next morning my tire pressure light came on and after dealing with this for almost two weeks going back to the original place I decided to take my car to Wal-Mart which was closer to my house. They looked at the tire and let me know I had a huge chunk of metal in it. They told me that the tire would need to be replaced, which was something that the other place never even bothered to tell me . Mind you I had been to the other place like 2 times prior for the same tire and the first time they plugged it, second time they said it just needed air (yeah right). I had to wait around an hour which wasn't bad since I didn't have an appointment and I originally didn't come there to buy a tire.  The service technicians were pretty nice and let me know which one was the best deal or better tire for my car .. after an hour I was on my way and haven't had any more issue with my tire pressure lights on .
1	Hate this Walmart with a passion. Lazy, rude employees are abundant at this location. I've waited 10 minutes to make a return while the ladies behind the desk finished their conversation of their plans for Saturday night. We've had to hunt down people to pick up our "site to store" purchase since the employees ignored the call button walking back and forth from the stock room for 20 minutes.  Even the managers act like they've given up on making their worthless employees actually do something. We voluntarily drive the extra 15 minutes to the Denver Walmart or Northlake Target.
