5	Driving into the Royal Palms compound set the stage for a great lunch experience. The grounds and landscaping are great, colorful and relaxing, however it was the restaurant that left me smiling. We did not have a reservation during a rather busy holiday lunch crowd, but the maitre de'offered a table on the outside patio. I was all for that, but the people I went with were feeling chilled (being from Tucson and 60 is winter) and hesitated just a bit before saying the patio would be okay. The maitre de saw that short hesitation and made room for us in the dining room. All of the wait staff were just as attentive and perceptive. The food was very good, my cafe latte was fantastic. For the price of a mediocre lunch at Applebees I had a great experience at the Royal Palms.
5	i feel so cliche giving another five! we just got back from a five day stay at the Royal Palms and it was just fantastic. there were only two small gripes:1. the little cubby hole in the shower to put your shampoo in is at an angle and everything slides out2. there's no iPod connector in the room- a bummer since they were just remodeledhonestly, everything else was amazing. the rooms, the pool, the grounds, the spa, the food and most of all the service. the cabana boys at the pool were totally friendly day in and day out- no matter what you were asking of them or how busy they were. anything you asked was answered with a smile and "You got it!" and here's the kicker: tipping was all included on the front end. So they weren't even doing it to get a big tip! at night, the grounds are dotted with little fire pits and couches where you can sit, sip wine and chat. there are also free pilates and yoga classes, and hammocks and croquet set ups around the grounds.we couldn't have asked for anything more. i know it's in phoenix which is not always the most exciting place, but i'm telling you, this is a very nice destination resort for a conference, wedding or just chilling with a spouse or girlfriends.
5	Five stars.The staff at the Royal Palms is so unbelievably helpful and courteous.  I'm not sure I'm the type you might expect to find at a resort like this, but I've never detected a whiff of attitude from anyone here.Last year, I reserved a "Royal Romance Package" which included dinner and a room, complete with champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries.  Our room was a large casita at the corner of the property, resulting in a very quiet and private experience.  Walking around the resort, you feel like you're really (as lame as it sounds typing this) in an "oasis in the desert."  The other guests have those silly, serene looks stuck to their faces.  The staff is always smiling.  Everything just seems so...leisurely.Don't even get me started on T. Cook's.  The service and food are impeccable.  At first, the portions may seem a little smaller than you're used to, but the flavors more than make up for this.  I've eaten here a few times and the wait staff are always pleasant and conversational without intruding on our meal.My fiance and I are currently planning our wedding here in the small, private Alegria garden.  The Royal Palms was the first and last place we toured; we just absolutely love this resort.
5	I'm going to keep this short because I can write so much.Gorgeous resort and grounds.Exceptional service and staff.Great food at T.Cooke's.Wonderful spa services at Alvadora.I just came back from Royal Palms this past weekend and we had one of the best trips. Very romantic place for couples and at this time, Phoenix has really great weather. We absolutely loved this place.
4	Yes the place is pretty but....My sister gave me a visit for my birthday. I have mentioned a few times that I would like to try TCooks, is that the right name? Anyway she misunderstood me and reserved a room for me and my mate.  So we went, yeah it is pretty, the grounds are nice, the staff well ok I guess. They of course could not find the reservation even though my sister had already paid and I have the confirmation number. So we sat in the lobby area for a bout an hour and a half while they figured it out. Finally they sent us on to our room with a lead. He showed us the room and asked if we needed anything. Nope was our reply. The room was nice if one is in to the look, I guess many from the mid-west are. The room was small as was the bath. There was no space outside for sitting other than a chair next to the room beside us. Yes it was nice, but only to a point. That point dropped when I found out how much she paid for this room, I almost pooped my pants. I am accustomed to paying silly prices for rooms as I like nice. But my God my home is much nicer than this hotel and a whole lot more room. I have no idea what she was thinking, but I am happy she thought so much of me. So yeah if you are coming from an area where this look is not over done, it is a nice place to stay. But I would still be disappointed with the room considering the cost.
5	Best Hotel in the Valley... very expensive but when i have done comps it was actually cheaper then sanctuary... the staff is top notch and they enter your preferences in their computer system so when you come back they remember what you like.
4	I'm having my wedding here, so I'm a fan. Courtney their catering manager is great. I'll update the listing after the big day!
5	Nothing bad to say about this resort. Service, grounds and accomodations are top notch. Had wedding #3 here [don't ask]  in one of the gardens. Food was fabulous as was the service and the cake!! I asked the kitchen to stock my cooler after the reception with milk shakes and sandwiches and they did just that; along with the leftover cake! T Cooke's has never disappointed for client meals or romantic ones. Love this place. Love.
3	Pretty good massage, but the amernities were not nearly as good as it could be.The locker room/private spa area is pretty small, with a strangely placed hot tub and only two chairs for resting/sunning yourself. After my massage I wanted to have lubch at the pool. Impossible! The pool is in a seperate area so you have to compete with everyone staying at the Royal Palm (not to mention some Scottsdale crowd locals) to get a space at the pool. I had to brave walking to the pool in my robe from the spa (sounds silly but it was annoying). Then 50  LOUD douchebags had taken over the entire pol area and were partying and giving others the once over. I was just trying to relax! Of course there weren't any chairs left at the pool, so eventually I gave up and wen home. Not very relaxing.
5	I have stayed here since 1999 and I think it just gets better every time we come in to town. Service is top notch, the food is excellent and the rooms of course are beautiful with a great view. Nice quality mattresses, linens, and amenities. The service is comparable to the Beverly Hills Hotel. An example is: we asked about a restaurant and they brought reviews to us; and when we decided to dine there, they made reservations and printed a map. Everything was waiting in an envelope when we went to get our car for the evening. We are treated so well, weather we are in a smaller summer discount room or a suite in March for spring training. The employees of The Royal Palms Inn will go out of there way to assist you to the best of their ability, we did not hear "no" with out a very valid reason; and they came up with alternatives. I highly recommend this place to relax and be pampered.
5	Anyone who can find fault with this establishment is impossible to please...period.  This resort is exceptional in nearly every way.  The grounds are extremely intimate and phenomenally well designed and maintained...exotic, cozy, sexy, exclusive, warm, inviting.  Pool , workout room, yoga and spa services - quite nice.  Quiet classical guitar playing throughout the grounds by day, candlelit and the air "scented" with a fantastic piano player at night.  The food was way above average, the staff; front desk, concierge, bartenders, valet, "chambermaids", maintenance engineers were all extremely friendly, courteous and timely.  The other patrons were mature, respectful adults and we had the best time.  One last plus from my angle: no kids...YAY!!!
5	get married here!i did and the attention to detail of the place itself and those that work on the premises is just phenomenal. the grounds are intimate and immaculate, but also in a way that isn't stuffy and pretentious - everyone in our wedding party and the guests felt so comfortable. we got married in the Alegria Garden for a small private ceremony and then moved to the Palmera Salon for reception festivities - loved it!! for lodging, we started out in a casita and then moved to a spa suite....and quite frankly, both rooms were so wonderful - relaxing and romantic.if there is one downside to getting married at the Royal Palms (and this is a silly one, but i will mention), it's that there is no staging room for the bride and bridemaids to get ready....so we just met up in a friend's room, problem solved.the setting and the wait staff made it so easy to have a wonderful wedding experience.....there will be anniversary trips back to the Royal Palms in my future for sure!!
4	My husband and I spent a weekend at the Royal Palms Resort in mid-November. Let me preface my review by saying that usually I stay at Motel 6, but I've decided that at age 50, life is too short for hard beds, lumpy pillows, creepy carpet and ice machines right outside your door, no matter how screamin cheap it is. Amazing that when you pay more, it's really, really nice, The grounds are gorgeous and lush, meandering little paths, fairy lights, fountains and outdoor fireplaces at night. Reasonably attractive guests (not to heavy on the gold bling, yet we were in Phoenix so not particularly tastefully understated either). The R.P. was the venue for a couple of "Bride Magazine" weddings (generous breasts but not really over the top, so to speak, and nicely tanned ASU sorority and fraternity members who got a bit sloppy as the evening wore on. Clearly the dads have been minimally impacted by the "economic crisis". Excellent service, not a hint of snootiness. Just warm and efficient. We liked the pre-paid $22.00 gratuity charge. It eliminated all traces of sucking up and false cheeriness. The fitness facility was decent with a lovely outdoor stretching area on the second floor. Nice roomy hot tub and iced citrus water magically offered to rehydrate and wet our whistles. Still I could have done without the "romantic spanish guitar muzak" constantly playing in the background, clearly providing ambiance for those who don't know the difference. I happen to, being a classical and jazz musician. It makes my husband crazy, but what's wrong just rustling palms and trickling water? Must we always have to listen to someone else's musical selections? Okay, how was our room? Not bad, but probably the weakest part of the resort. Certainly an atmospheric "love shack" for 2 mature adults who have been married forever. Don't know what they intended us to do with all those pillows. For the bi-focal set, the room was too dark and clearly designed before CFL's became the new green way to save energy. Royal Palms, the light is cold, cold, cold. Deep six the cutesy stenciled Disney birds on the walls and re-paint. Color does matter! Excellent bathroom with plenty of shower space for fun and recreation. Very plush bed was too squeaky and springy for my aging back. For the money, I expect dead quiet and a mattress to die-for.  However, all in all I'd rank the R.P. highly, would recommend it to friends,  and would consider returning for another respite from the Colorado cold.
3	Probably would give it 3.5 stars but no half stars available. Others have pointed out the multiple positive findings at the RP: excellent staff, romantic setting, very good restaurant. Here are the negatives: It can be spendy (very) although recently they have been getting more price aggressive here. Rooms can be small and dark. I stayed in one of the newly remodeled "Spa suites" and would NOT recommend for the money. We never even used the living room area because of its unusual lay out. The balcony was very small as well, most appeared to be that way. The pool area is very small so if they are busy the place will get crowded and can be loud. I rented a cabana on a busy Saturday and it was worth the expense given the crowd. The spa is small but very very nice, 4-5 star.
5	This review is for the bar only - it's our 'go-to' place to unwind on any given night... Tonight happened to be a rare Friday evening where my fiance and I were ready to get our swig on. Royal Palms bar took good care of us... fantastic bartenders, fun company on either side of us, great wine, delicious food (especially the bread with pesto sauce), and Dwight on the piano with a vocalist.  Jared had a simple turkey sandwich with some sort of salami and a side of salad.  I went with the bronzini fish that was served with some vegetables - different than what I expected but very good.  In the past, I've gone with their burger and it's ahhhmazing!  One of these days we will actually spend the night at the Royal Palms, but until then, it's a treat to just go for several drinks, a meal, a cup of coffee, and a slow drive home.
5	I love the bar at the Royal Palms, not far off the beaten path, yet in a world unto it's own.You can easily pass the entrance as you cruise down Camelback.  Once you turn into the drive way the valet team greets you to park your car. On the way to the bar, stroll through the lovely garden/fountain area - as you step into a more tranquil time.The bar has a number of nooks & cranny's, four cool seating sections - the fireplace room, the tables along the windows bordering the garden, the spacious corner and up at the bar. The entire property has an early Arizona motif which is consistent in the bar with comfy chairs & couches and a wonderful mix of floor tiles.Caitlin, our waitress was welcoming and  crisp with her spot on recommendation's.  Pork  flatbread, was a stand out appetizer with a flavorful consistency of meat, cheese and mushrooms. The Bergstrom Pinot,  a real treat, was a nice compliment to our food.This gem of a hideaway was the perfect spot for a light bite and glass of vino on a rainy Monday night.
5	Stayed here after getting a terrific deal on Expedia.  Saved over 250.00 per night as the room we booked was normally over 500.00 a night.  Loved this place, probably the best resort I've stayed at in Scottsdale so far.  Our room was a terrace suite over looking the pool and Camelback Mountain.  Had two terraces on each side of the room and the views were beautiful.  This time of the year all of the citrus trees were blooming so this fragrance of lemon/orange filled the air!  If you go here during the summer months when the temperature in AZ reach well over 110 degrees you can save even more on the rooms.. This is a perfect romantic getaway destination and you won't be disappointed!
2	The two stars are for the spa. I would give the hotel itself 3.5 to 4. The hotel and restaurant are great. The spa is beautiful BUT BE WARNED, it is incredibly overpriced. I got a sub par massage for $170 (the guys seemed very inexperienced and clumsy) and worst of all a HORRIBLE pedicure that cost $100. Yes, you read that right $100. For that kind of money you expect all kinds of luxurious tinctures and specialized leg and foot massage treatments. NOT AT ALL - hardly a foot rub, basically roughed up rather than smoothed my feet and the polished lasted 3 days. HORRIBLE!!! I have had far, far, far superior pedicures for $15. Don't be fooled by the fancy name of the treatment, it isn't worth it.Facial was very good however.
4	Very nice and a great deal. Gal pals and myself flew in for a birthday weekend. Conveniently located pretty close to the airport. Also, running down to the shops in Scottsdale--we're right down the street. Feels like a home away from home. The service is very kind and accommodating. When they help you out, it feels really sincere. Pool guy, bell hop, valet, everybody.On Friday and Saturday night though, there were weddings. So I got roped from areas that I would've liked to sit at. My first time to Phoenix and was pretty happy.
5	This resort is just as nice as the Four Seasons.  I really like the service.  People are attentive and friendly.  It's a historic hotel, so it has history to it.  T.Cook's is DELICIOUS.  Last night, they had a chef's tasting menu that included a dish he created on Iron Chef.  My mom had that dish.  What really stood out was my breakfast this morning.  I'm not a breakfast person at all; however, my french toast with homemade chicken sausage was excellent.  The rooms are beautiful and clean.  It is still kind of dark with all the lights on; however, just step outside during the summer and you'll get enough light.The pool is small and not as nice as some other hotels I've stayed at, but that didn't bother me because as long as my toddler had a good time in there - that's all that matters to me.I definitely will come back next time.
3	Our family (7 people) stayed here in four rooms.  We loved our rooms and that they were located in small casitas and not a huge block hotel. The landscaping and grounds are absolutely beautiful.  We enjoyed just walking around the facilities.The pool and hot tub was very relaxing, and when we were there it was very empty.  T. Cooks restaurant was extremely good and has been one of the best meals I've had in the Phoenix area. We spent a day at the spa and enjoyed ourselves. The facilities are small and very pretty. We were asked to wait in the 'relaxation area' between treatments.  It was a lovely area with nice chairs, drinks etc... The very surprising thing was that it was basically the only place people could walk through, so it ended up being the least relaxing place. Every few minutes some one from the staff has to walk through the room to get from the treatment area to the front desk. Once someone even brought what looked like large laundry bags through.  It was a beautiful place and our treatments were great.  I just think the layout and timing of maintenance needs to be rethought.Frustrations: Check in and check out was slow.  The 'front desk' area is very quaint but too small when several people are needing attention at once.  Plan to wait a while if there is anyone else waiting.  The resort made several mistakes on our bill. They fixed it but only because we caught it. Also, when we came back to our room one afternoon our door was ajar.  We checked the room and nothing was missing.  We called resort security and they were able to trace back who last opened the door with their key card (a resort employee).  It was all ok, but we could have lost our jewelry or laptop if someone had decided to take advantage of the open door.I loved the food and beauty of the resort, but I don't think I'd stay here again because of the slow check in and out and the security problem.
5	Perhaps the nicest place I have ever stayed at...We stayed there the night of our wedding, before we headed to the airport in the morning for our honeymoon.  I don't know where to start, this place is overall phenomenal.  We were treated like royalty the whole time and we had the best service imaginable.
4	Such an amazing place for a wedding. Ambiance was incredible. I didn't stay here, but I definitely would in the future. We stayed down the street at the Phoenician, which was also lovely, but for different reasons. I felt like I was in a Spanish villa. So quaint and relaxed. Little nooks and crannies around every corner. Landscaping was phenomenal. The property is just amazing. The only downsides were the small pool and the food. I wouldn't come here if I had kids with me, but its a great setting for a romantic getaway. The food they served for the wedding dinner was sub par, especially at $140 a head. We had a meat and cheese plate for an appetizer but there was only 2 VERY small pieces of meat on the plate and lots of "filler."  The lobster bisque also wasn't very good. The entrees were just okay. Glad we stayed at the Phoenician, but next time we might stay a night or 3 at the Royal Palms.
4	Great hotel.  Reading the book about the history of this property made me appreciate the stay that much more.As you have probably read, service is very friendly without having that forced feel that many places have.  The property is visually appealing with nice landscaping throughout.  It's very quiet and serene with a view of Camelback Mountain in the backdrop.Nice pool and spa areaRooms are very nice and much different from standard hotels, and i really liked the change.  The bed was very comfortable.Location is good, and close to downtown Scottsdale.Overall I would def rec coming here.  Not really for a bunch of dudes, but more like a romantic vacation kinda thing
5	Beautiful grounds, great rooms and the restaurant is excellent!!! It's our favorite place for brunch. The room we stayed at was great and the bed was so damn comfortable that  we woke up in the middle of the night to comment on how comfortable the bed was!!The spa was OK, unfortunately my therapist kept talking and talking and talking and I was a wuss (yeah, I know...) and didn't told him to please just....shut up! The pool area is tiny, so if you're interested in more of a pool scene, this is not the place.4.5 but I'll round up because of the best bed ever!!
5	If you're going to eat til your sides hurt, it's good to get an early start!Thanksgiving in Arizona was a wonderful experience thanks to the feast we had here. We arrived at 11:15 and sat down for a 2.5 hour buffet enjoyed in their sunny side patio. This was my first time here and it's amazing to know that their renovations are fairly recent because you would never guess it! The Spanish style tile roofs, huge trees and beautiful overhanging Bouganvilla really set the tone for this place. It has so much character and thought put into the layout, you can't help but feel relaxed.Thanksgiving Day brunch was wonderful! (If only you could take some home for leftovers!) Although I did miss doing some cooking of my own, I have to admit it was nice to skip out on grocery store madness and be pampered for a change! We finished 4-6 plates (the guys ate more!) from their cutting station: turkey, of course, pesto topped salmon, and prime rib, made to order omelettes, salads, and desserts. My only critique is 3 of us got a bowl of squash soup and it was so salty none of us could eat it. Must have been a fluke because the rest of the meal was delicious. They definitely have hired the best. Everyone we came in contact with was friendly, gracious and made us feel right at home. And in case you missed their Thanksgiving buffet or you want a repeat performance of their awesome spread, you can go a month later for their Christmas smorgasbord. I would love to stay here next time. From what I learned, each of the rooms were decorated by a different interior designer so they are all unique. As I was sitting in the courtyard, I couldn't help thinking, this would be a beautiful place for a wedding! (Don't tell the BF I said that!)
4	When we decided to go to Phoenix for the weekend, my boyfriend and I agreed we didn't want a big time resort. We decided on Royal Palms and it did not disappoint. This resort just gives off that warm cozy feel...the decor, the service...we arrived late on Friday night and entering the reception area, were scented candles and a cozy fireplace. Our room, it was nice, spacious, great bathtub...but it felt a bit like a cave (heavy drapery and a small window)! Definitely request a room with a terrace or balcony with a view. The concierge, Mona, was fabulous!! She was such a help and the 3 restaurants that she suggested for us, definitely delivered!! The pool area was nice and the service was very accommodating and friendly. The spa was also very nice...small but quaint, nice. I enjoyed a massage was nice. The fitness area seemed very small, I didn't use the facility...Mona informed me of the canal, that was just a mile down the way that I ran to and along. The location was also great, it felt centrally located and easy to get around. I would definitely stay here again, and recommend it for a weekend getaway, a nice alternative to the 'over the top' massive resorts...
3	The bf and I needed some majoring pampering (or, I did, and dragged him along for the ride) and got a 90-minute couples massage.  It was a pretty decent experience, though I wish I could have been slightly closer to the bf.  He seemed like he was on the opposite side of the room which was counter-intuitive to the "couples" concept.  The facilities are decent, though small and slightly outdated.  It was odd how you have to pass through the steam room to get to the small soaking pool, and the temperature of the pool was too lukewarm to fully enjoy.  I wasn't the biggest fan of my masseuse, either.  She was a little snappy for a masseuse (you want a calming, soothing person to be touching you, and sadly this wasn't entirely the case) and had some really painful techniques.  Overall, however, for a couple's massage experience, it lived up to my expectations.
5	You have to do this. If you are reading this that means you are thinking about it. Stop thinking. Do it. Impossibly romantic this Scottsdale hideaway is understated, intimate and refined. Curving walkways through bougainvillea and honeysuckle camouflage casitas and villas all with private terraces. The rooms are Mediterranean Spanish with fireplaces and comfortable sitting chairs at the base of the massive bed. Go for the designer casitas. No two are alike. They are all amazing. The entire resort is filled with nooks and crannies where you can find solitude and luxuriate with a cocktail while you soak in the scented breezes and warm sun. It's like a private residence you have to yourself with a few others. The service is over the top good. Room service twice a day including turn-down with ice buckets and spring water. Need your car? Make one call and it's waiting at the entrance. The spa is small but you have it to yourself. Steam room, jacuzzi, massage. Do it again before martinis and a fabulous meal at T. Cooks, the on-site four star restaurant. In short, for a three day romantic getaway, there is no place I'd rather be than the Royal Palms.
5	My girlfriend and I wanted a weekend getaway.  We found the Royal Palms Resort and gave it a try.  It was a little pricey, but it was well worth it for the atmosphere and experience.  We loved the Hacienda feel of the property and enjoyed the time at the pool.  No rowdy kids were to be seen and everyone was enjoying the sun and quiet.  The whole evening was quiet.The room we stayed in was also amazing!  It consisted of a tile shower and shutters in front of the bath tub.  It was fun to get away for a weekend.  We even ate at TCooks restaurant.  The food was expensive but we enjoyed being pampered like royalty.  Oh and the drinks we just as great!I would go back to the Royal Palms anytime.  Definitely recommend it!
4	Royal Palms - such memories!  My wedding reception was at Royal Palms almost 10 years ago...if I could have Yelped then it would have definitely been 5 Stars.  Have stayed many times over the years and have always enjoyed returning to this special place...I would classify all as 4-5 star caliber visits.  The property remains beautiful and the location can't be beat.  Most recently returned for my wife's birthday this past weekend.  It was once again a terrific weekend, but there's clearly room for improvement.Pro:1. Beautiful property - perfect location2. Great room (designer casita #118)3. Good service4. "Surprise" birthday dessert in room was a nice touchCon:1. Time to jazz up the pool area: one poor server running around like a chicken sans head does not make for a relaxing environment...and the little shack of a bar does not exude opulence.  Try to be more like a miniature version of the Scottsdale Four Seasons Pool area.2. T'Cookes has not recaptured it's mojo from the glory years gone by - good service and food, but it used to be head and shoulders above typical resort fare.  (this could be another review if I had time).  3. They ran out of souvineer coffee mugs - this in and of itself is no big deal, in fact they gave us a token discount on a set removed from a room.  This would have been much more appreciated if we didn't find coffee residue in the mugs when we got home.  Not the end of the world, but annoying nevertheless.  4. $25 "Resort Fee" is irritating.  These nickel-dime charges and fees everywhere you turn these days are really getting out-of-control.  I'd rather pay the advertised price and take care of my own tips and such.  Overall, I'd say 3.5...rounding down in this case.**************************8/24: Updating from original 3 star level.  After reflecting on all the hapiness that Royal Palms has brought into my life, I just can't leave this as 3 stars.  The place deserves four...kind of like a lifetime achievement award.  I wrote the original review the day after consuming 4 lemon drops by the RP pool, a Boodles martini and an Anchor Steam at the Jade bar, wine and Irish Coffee at dinner at T'Cooks, a bottle of Champagne in the room, and a bloody mary and another anchor steam at brunch the next morning at Dick's Hideaway.  My liver may have weighed in with 3 stars, but the resort really deserves 4.
5	They sell an experience at this hotel, not size. And the experience and service are great!
4	A truly gorgeous getaway spot.  Excellent grounds -- a real escape right in the middle of a sprawling city.  Beautiful and beautifully maintained.  Right at the base of Camelback Mountain, it's just *gorgeous*.The staff was impeccable and friendly -- the service at T Cooks was some of the best we have ever had!!We had some (maintenance) problems with our room, but they were quick to send staff to repair it, and were very quick with compensating us for the inconvenience.  We were already happy with the room, but the room they moved us to was a dream.Amazing memories from a lovely lovely site.  Midweek days were even more lovely without the weekend rush.Bar and food at the pool was mediocre, but the staff was friendly.  Any minuses were made up for by great service and lovely environment.
5	Ohhhh~Laaa~Laaa Baby. want to impress your significant other? Um, ya, this is "IT". From the gorgeous drive into the tiny circular driveway, where guys hop to your vehicle immediately, to the tiny & intimate little archway into the little cozy 'front's' room, you are transported to a Mediterranean Dream World. Fabby Lounge Outdoor dinning Romantic Dinning. Amazing Courtyard Winding passageways Awesome soaker Tubs Serene Outdoor Yoga Beautiful Gurgling Fountains Interesting Nooks & Crooks in every turn. A+++
5	My hubby and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary by staying at the Royal Palms Resort. We journeyed windy walkways surrounded by manicured lawns, beautiful trees and blooming flowers. Our casita was lovely, private and had an incredible view of Camelback mountain. The staff surprised us by delivering a plate of yummy chocolates that said Happy Anniversary on it. We enjoyed a delicious dinner at romantic, Mediterranean T Cooks. We relaxed in the jacuzzi under the stars. The service at the hotel and the restaurant was impeccable-everyone was very friendly favorite person was James-the bellman-he has been there many years and really knew the history of the resort. We enjoyed the intimacy of this smaller resort-it was a memorable celebration, worth the investment and we plan to go back.
5	This was pretty much the first business I had the chance to experience when I came from CA to check out this city This hotel is a lover paradise. If you can afford few nights in one of their casita I believe you will share some happy stories with you grand children  about the time spent in paradise.By the way the spa and restaurant are also institutional in the city.
5	super nice resort.  the staff is friendly and the grounds are beautful.  i was here for a wedding and really enjoyed myself.  definitely recommend this place.  the prices of the room is a bit high though, but worth it for special occasions.  the reception cocktail food and dinner was was very scrumptious.  we had brunch at t.cooks and the food was fab also!    the rooms are spaceous and our room had a shower and tub that looked out to the living room.the alvadora spa is a bit smaller, but very nice.  the showers were big, steam room was a good size.  the jacuzzi was a bit small, but fine.  the waiting area for treatments got a bit crowded though, and it was also a unisex waiting area.  the spa is pretty luxurious and a very nice treat if you're staying at the Royal Palms.  def a place i would recommend friends to go to for a relaxing weekend!
5	What an amazing place!!  I had an incredibly enjoyable time staying at the Royal Palms Resort, and recommend it highly.  So many excellent points:  absolutely gorgeous accommodations, polite and helpful staff, excellent restaurant (breakfast/ brunch outside, with a delicious cup of coffee, is a must), a great spa, and a relaxing atmosphere.  My boyfriend and I stayed here for a conference in late October, which is a great season in Arizona.  Our stay was a pleasure from beginning to end.  The resort is well-suited for special occasions (there was a wedding reception and an outdoor conference dinner during our stay).  Our room was very comfortable, with excellent set-up and a great view of the mountains from the balcony.  The resort includes a pool, a small gym, several lounge areas with firepits and fireplaces, and the wonderful Alvadora spa (with massages, facials, outdoor-facing showers, and shaded lounge areas to your heart's content).  There are several mountain trails a short walk/ drive away from the resort, and downtown Scottsdale is 10-15 minutes away by car.  In all, a beautiful place for a special occasion!
1	DO NOT GET MARRIED HERE! This resort is beautiful from the outside, but start peeling back the layers and you will see an ugly company that will nickle and dime you at every turn. My wedding experience turned from one of joy and happiness to a feeling of dread and nausea at every turn with this company.  THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW UP FRONT: Expect to pay a 22% service charge that is TAXED with the sales tax + the regular sales tax on top of your bill. Also, plan to spend $100 per bartender and be expected to tip several key people during the reception, despite the service charge. Also, plan to pay $4.00 per every car that valets at your wedding. If you want a list of who actually used the valet, forget it. Expect to meet every deadline they give you with your payments, but do not expect such promptness from them. And if you use their "preferred vendors," remember who some of those vendors really work for at the end of the day... I have my contract on record for anyone who wants a glimpse at the "whole picture." Trust me when I say that the beautiful, sugary sweet image you get on your initial visit, will not depict the financial reality here.
5	One of the best resorts around.  Romantic, hidden and tucked away.  Staff is very accomodating and the casitas are spaced far away enough from each other that the patios do feel really private.  Depending on the time of year, you can get a decent price on a room.  The pool area is smallish compared to newer resorts but have been nicely rennovated.
5	I am only reviewing the Restaurant and Bar area.  This place is perfect, they get everything right, the visit to Royal Palms for dinner was the highlight of my trip.Reservations are met to perfection, the atmosphere is super classy without being over the top.  Service is top notch.  Food is great quality and fairly priced.As I usually do, I will keep it short - GO HERE for drinks and a dinner date.
5	This review is for Alvadora - the spa at the Royal Palms. [cue angelic voices...**ahhhhhh**] The lovely presented me with a spa gift cert for three services. When I arranged the appointment, I asked if I could increase the massage time from 60 to 90 minutes in lieu of the second service and was told 'of course'. So I booked a 90 minute stone massage and a pedicure. The day of the appointment - my birthday - I was greeted with a 'happy birthday' and shown to the women's shower/changing/steam room. Its not fair to call it a locker room, its simply too lovely for that. There is a second 'relaxation room' where you can sip tea an enjoy small bites while you wait. Delightful.As for the massage itself, may I just say that it was the most relaxing 90 minutes of my life?? It was one of those times where time goes by much more quickly than you want. I didn't want it to end. The room has a vaulted ceiling with what look to be the original beams. It has two tables and shower heads above each for the citrus scrubs [yikes did that sound sexy...] The woman [you can ask for gender preference if you like] who worked on me - Carol, I think - was great. I was kept warm the whole time either by her hands holding the smooth warm stones or by the perfect weight of the covers over the rest of me. I felt perfectly taken care of. My 5x operated shoulders have never felt so relaxed. I walked out of there and into the ahhhhmaaaazing not-locker room [stocked with everything - and I do mean everything - you might need, right down to qtips, shave cream and disposable razors] where an out of town guest asked me what I had done and she told me I looked stoned. All of that without drugs!! The showers, walk in and large enough for a family of 5, are similarly equipped with all of the spa products to use and enjoy. Lovely. As an aside, I don't mean to short-change the pedi but I am a girl who has frequent pedi's, so this was less of a treat than the massage which I'm less likely to get for myself. It was pleasant, in a nice atmosphere but nothing seriously out of the ordinary. And sorry my lovely, but not worth 80+ dollars. There are nooks outdoors - each with lounge chairs and fireplaces - where you can relax and unwind further. Or you can have lunch there with your book - which I did. Menu, lunch, it all comes to you quickly, sweetly, happily. Makes me wish I lived there. Its quiet and lovely and is a great match to the experience itself. The staff is kind and attentive and a dot on the i of the incredible experience.
5	I am really going against my better judgment in writing this review. Am I wildly, madly in love with everything at the Royal Palms resort? Absolutely!!! Do I want you to go there?? NO! But only because I want this place completely to myself! Located off Camelback at the base of the beautiful Camelback mountain, this boutique resort is a little slice of heaven in the middle of Scottsdale. From the towering palm trees to the lush green foliage to the heady aroma of flowers everywhere you go, this place is an oasis of beauty and relaxation. My favorite time to go to the Royal Palms is at night, when the twinkle lights wink at you from hidden corners, and candle glow from the various secluded tables light your way from nook to nook. I recommend going around 8, when the live music starts. Listen to the bluesy singer's sultry, melancholy voice as you enjoy a glass of wine on the garden patio. Or perhaps take a romantic stroll across the grounds until you come across a secret garden tucked away, waiting for you to find it. The restaurant and bar are top notch, and have a great happy hour that lasts until 6pm Monday through Thursday. Or, if it's a hot summer day, take a little stay-cation and relax by the gorgeous pool in your own private cabana. The entire property is enchanting, and makes you feel like you've stepped into a place where time stands still, and the only thing to do is enjoy the tranquility that surrounds you. But like I said, you really shouldn't go there......
5	Loved this place...took my mom for mothers day and we were there for 5 hours getting wonderful services and had lunch by the pool. Cant wait to go back
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! We had gone for our wedding anniversary, and I had booked the room through one of those travel websites, and if you do that regularly you now that your room is going to be just a room nothing special.  So as we are checking in to the hotel, the front desk clerk informs us that our room isn't ready, and that we had been upgraded to casita. I knew from our last stay here those rooms aren't cheap, but when he said that I was jumping for joy inside!The room was sooooo wonderful we didn't want to leave the next day!
5	I went to the Royal Palms for a conference hosted by IBM last week.  We had a catered lunch in a small conference room which was delicious (an assortment of sandwiches and tossed salads, champagne, wine) while the guest speakers were presenting.  The wait service was friendly and catered to every whim.  One of the bartenders gladly offered to make me a mimosa when I was hesitant to go for champagne.  I also got a 90 minute deep tissue massage (current rate is $200) by Evan on a secluded balcony with a beautiful view of the mountains.  I mentioned that I thought I had pulled my piriformis so he worked every muscle in my a$$ (yes, that's where it's located!) and even told me the names of all of them, hahaha.  He asked about the amount of pressure, how I was feeling, etc.  I felt extremely comfortable with him and he definitely fixed my piriformis!  We had nice conversation until the pain ended and the relaxing began and I started to doze off.  We also received gift certificates for the shop in the spa.  They have the usual type of products you would expect: body lotions, facial masks, candles, etc.  I bought a strawberry and kiwi shower gel and lotion set which smells insanely delicious.  (I think it actually put the idea of happy hour into my head...)  I also loved one of their perfumes, but for a tiny travel size bottle I believe it was $50!  Everybody is very attentive and pretty hands off at the spa and you can relax indoors or out before or after your treatment(s).  They provide big, comfy bath robes and slippers as well as lockers.  The only complaint I have is they don't have a nice, private place to change your clothes.  I changed mine in the restroom which has tile flooring, slats in the door so you're paranoid somebody can see in, and nowhere to hang up your clothing.  But maybe I just missed private changing areas.  If you ever get a chance to spa here, do it!
5	Stunning, gorgeous, heavenly!  I have a new-found like for the desert...if it's going to be at a place like this.Impeccable, friendly service, extremely accommodating.  Excellently appointed rooms.  There was a giant tub in my room that I didn't even jump in (why???).  There were nice smells everywhere.I was here for a wedding and had an amazing view of the mountain behind the hotel....very pretty at both dusk and dawn.This place is both peaceful and cozy.  The beds were super comfy.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a relaxing and care-free getaway....you won't have to do a damn thing but get there.
5	Oh dear Royal Palms Resort...can I please live here forever?  HAHA...this place is awesome!  My family and I have been going here since it opened...I remember this place when it was being built up...they have one of the best breakfasts, lunches and brunches ever!  They do not have as large of a selection as the Phoenician but it is delicious!  I love the green eggs and ham omelette!  YUMMY...it is an omelette with pesto, proscuitto, and parmesean!  They also have this gyro egg dish its awesome too!  My mom had her 40th bday here and we have had other large parties here too!  The hotel grounds are beautiful...it is much smaller then some of the resorts we have in the area but thats ok because they did an amazing job with the little space they have...the rooms are gorgeous and luxurious!  The pool area is small but its ok...whenever I have been there it is not crowded at all so I feel like I have my own pool...It is right against Camelback mountain so the views are beautiful...I have not gone to the spa yet...but I heard its great!  I need to save save save...hahaha...try this awesome resort you will not regret it!
5	What a gemStaff was amazing and skilled in the fine art of customer service. My wife and I are locals that wanted a staycation sans kids and to celebrate my wifes bday. I booked on Hotels.com and called the resort to confirm. Nina was awesome and asked if we were celebrating a special occasion. Some reviaewers mentioned the snooty attitudes of the valet staff and tcooksstaff. We had no such issues at all. They were all wonderful and if you tried to tip valet they reminded you about the resort fee an no tip policy. After a pleasant happy hour at t cooks with excellent service we retired to our room only to discover a clean room and chocolates for my wife. We will be coming back.
5	All I can say is... when I die, I hope Heaven is the Royal Palms with endless amounts of Malibu Rum and trips to the Alvadora Spa :)Their spa is by far the best in the metro-Phoenix area. Attendants and masseuses give five-star service is, time and time again, the single best hour of my life when I get to splurge and visit them. But worth every bloody penny!The grounds are pristine and an oasis in the Phoenix desertopia. Secluded south of the Camelback Mountains, you'd be amazed at how removed you are from the 3+ million people in the area. It's just that fabulous. The staff and valets are always accommodating and rarely have I ever saw or heard them get snooty as a few have complained about. The pool and bar is a must visit :) Especially during the eight months of summer in the Valley. The only downer... sometimes they just don't have enough loungers. But they quickly remedy that upon request.
5	Quiet, secluded, elegant, old Spanish, luxurious. Excellent restaurant and lounge with live music. Beautiful pool with cafe. Fantastic service at every level.  Perfect getaway. Five star hotel, but some real bargain prices available during July and August when it's inconceivably hot (temperatures were 110-ish on the weekend I was there).
5	Absolute Heaven.My husband and I decided on a stay-cation for our two year wedding anniversary and decided to stay at The Royal Palms based on reviews and the curb appeal of this beautiful resort. It looks similar to our wedding venue and we got an amazing deal (they price matched a "budget" travel website that I was skeptical of). When we made the hotel reservation, we also made reservations for the restaurant, T. Cooks and they asked if we were celebrating anything special.Upon checking in, our hotel key holder stated our name and "Happy Anniversary"  and they upgraded us to a suite as a present! Very nice. The bellman showed us to our room, which was beautiful. We immediately got changed into our swim suits and checked out the pool. It is small but is fine for the size of the resort. We ordered mojitos poolside and had a great afternoon!After getting ready for dinner, we walked the grounds before our reservation. The resort is nestled up right against Camelback and there are lots of courtyards and hidden gems around the property. We went to the bar for happy hour (great happy hour deals) and then went to T. Cooks for dinner. Our table had rose petals and candles and our menu said Happy Anniversary on it! Our meal was fabulous and when it came time for dessert, they brought over their special for the evening and in chocolate writing, it said Happy Anniversary! We truly felt like we were being treated like royalty! When we got back to the room, our bed had been turned down and there was a platter of fruit and chocolates and it also had the chocolate writing that said Happy Anniversary on it! Wow! This is the place to go if you are celebrating! This resort is amazing. The hotel is gorgeous, the grounds are beautiful and you will be treated like you are the only two people in the world! Thank you and we will be back!
5	Beginning NOW! They have a live Jazz Band on the courtyard playing that is out of this world great. Steven P is the vocalist-Producer-songwriter that is there now. Nice evenings there on Thursday! Nice staff and great fun. Sexy surroundings.
5	I spent the day at their spa and then got a 75 min massage. I don't splurge often and do spa days about once a year. Even though I have not been to many spas, I have to say, this is one of my favorites! I spent my time before my massage relaxing by the pool and drinking a couple of mixed drinks. The service was spot on coming by only when I looked up and the pool was nice and relaxing. I went on a Sunday and loved that it was not packed full of people. its not very relaxing when you have to be a vulture for a nice bed with shade, which I've experience in some previous spa days. The women's jacuzzi was private and quite lovely. it was outside, but the water was cool enough to relax in. And the massage was so soothing. With my nerves right now, this truly hit the spot.
5	There is no surprise this hotel is #1. The property is amazing. Location is perfect. Service is outstanding. Food is delicious. The Spa offers some of the best services Ive ever had. Cant wait to go back!Note: Service charges are included with everything including your car service, so no need to tip!
5	This is not a place to just sleep, you WANT to STAY here and not leave.   The grounds are so beautiful, flowers typically found in the South Pacific are all over the grounds.  Great food, quiet pool and lovely rooms.
4	The Royal Palms is so tranquil despite being near the heart of Scottsdale. Bunny rabbits run about and all you can hear is water trickling from fountains and the birds tweeting, it is SO quiet.The food is great too at the restaurant on the grounds and not unreasonably priced.We got a casita near the back of the resort which added to seclusive nature of the place but the room, although nicely decked out was much more claustrophobic and dark than those at the Montelucia or the Boulders. Plus the shower and the toilet were in the same room, a little weird. Wasn't thrilled by the floor plan or the excessively squeeky bed but the room was nice all the same.Other than that, I would recommend the Palms for a staycation as it so relaxing and the service is excellent.
5	There is a place, not so far away, where the wine is delicious and the tranquil sounds of divine music play. Should you arrive at this place with a desire for stomach satisfaction, the food will provide the vehicle for your satisfaction. My family came here to have dinner prior to going to Zoo Lights. Our guide was friendly and gentle. Ryn is the best and was able to direct our choices as to food and drink. We had the pizza which was okay (a little soggy) and the vegetabe plate and the hot dogs with fries and fruit. The place is best with just you and someone that you want to pounce on (super romantic) however, they are kind to children as well.
5	When I think Royal Palms, I think romantic getaway. A quaint yet exquisite resort, the Royal Palms was built in 1929 to emulate a colonial Spanish retreat. Colonial as in when the Spaniards were conquering the New World.  All of the historical details are presented on a frescoed wall in one of the courtyards.  We had heard some great things about J Cook's and decided to spend a leisurely Sunday morning dining on the patio. If you're looking to be treated like royalty, you want to dine hereI enjoyed exploring the hotel after a luxe breakfast at J.Cooks.  The staff are incredibly accomodating.  What an ideal location for an intimate stay-cation!  It's a nice place to go to grab some drinks and appetizers, I will definitely be back to see what more the resort has to offer!
1	This review is exclusively for the T Cook's (if it is part of T Cook's) lounge area only as we did not stay in the hotel. I don't enjoy writing bad reviews, however, we feel that people need to hear about the experience we had here. In summary, we would not return due to their poor customer service and have shared the following experience w/ our friends and family.  My husband thought it would be nice for us to go out and do something special before NYE to help us decide if we should spend NYE there. He did a whole lot of internet research and found that according to the website, the Lounge area of this hotel had flamenco entertainment once a month.  He called to verify and to see if we needed reservations, the woman who answered was quite nice, he said, and confirmed the start time of the entertainment. How fun, we thought! We dressed for the occasion and were very excited to go to this Lounge; we went wednesday december 28, 2011 and arrived at 6pm. The grounds are absolutely beautiful-we were even more excited as we were pointed towards the back area to The Lounge.  First off, we walked in, there was no hostess/host, no one to greet us- not knowing if we were in the right place, we looked around and at that time a waitress (or maybe the bus girl?) practically ran past us, clearly not wanting to be side tracked.  My husband asked her if this was the place where they had the flamenco entertainment and as she was walking away/running away, she said that there wasn't any flamenco there and pointed to the bar and told us to ask the "bar supervisor". My husband and I looked at each other wondering, huh? So we both walked over to the bar where there was a bartender and one of the waitresses, Kathryn and i think another bar person. We stood there waiting for them to agknowledge us, which they didn't, so after a few awkward seconds my  husband  asked them if this was the place, etc...Truly we felt like we were interrupting their conversation; we felt, at this point, very unwelcome and it hadn't even been 5 minutes since we arrived. We were pretty sure that we were in the wrong place and there's no flamenco entertainment here.  They all looked at each other to ask themselves, is there flamenco entertainment here? One said no, the other one had no idea and Kathryn the waitress said that they did but that it would be outside. All this while, no one was speaking to us, there were speaking amongst themselves. We found this to be extremely rude, impolite and uninviting. I think my husband asked if food was served there, Kathryn at this point said yes and informed us that there was also a restaurant down the hall (TCooks) that served food.  We felt pretty uninvited there, like she was shooing us away, actually now that i think about it, so we walked to TCooks and realized that we weren't in the mood for formal dining and returned grudgingly to The Lounge. We didn't get a 'welcome back' or any greeting that could turn the previous experience around but yet we decided to sit. The waitress Kathryn was dutifully pleasant while taking our order. The hors d'hoerves were good, but I have to mention this: when the "bus girl'? I didn't get her name served us the food, not a word from her. My husband politely said, "Thank you" as she served us the food and still not a word back from her. She's the one that nearly ran us over -i noted her above. All in all,  I'm not sure what was going on w/ their service staff,  I really feel they just didn't want to be there and secondly,  they have been inadequately trained in providing excellent customer service.Rude, impolite, unwelcoming and not knowledgeable about entertainment provided there. Definately not a place we will return to-that includes the resort.   We did not stay for the originally much anticipated flamenco entertainment which ended up being inside and not outside like were told-we felt too unwelcomed.
5	Totally loved it!  It's so quaint and charming.  I have been to some of the best hotels in the world, and this place rocks!  Here we go:-charming and professional.  Not uptight like the Ritz Cartlon.  Very, very personable staff-amazing food and will do special meals like vegan and gluten free.  Breakfast served at 6AM and coffee bar open.  So nice to be served early as some hotels have client wait till 7AM-wonderful conceirge who helped me w local restaurants and hiking -amazing spa.  It's like you have the place to yourself and the staff knows what they are doing-really nice gym w great equipment-little nocks and crannies of fireplaces, fountains and outdoor spaces.  I want my house to look and feel like this!I hope I get back to Phoenix just to stay here again.
5	Agree with those who describe this place as enchanting.  The rooms are extremely comfortable, the grounds are picture perfect and the pools are very pretty.  We had 8 people in our group ages 15-64 and everyone found something they loved about this place.
5	I've been in many presidential suites, few better than the one here.Everything is superb.Attention to detail, focused and sharp.And the room itself?Romantic with it's outdoor showers, making you feel almost naughty when showering.And room service?I enjoyed the eggs benedict, although it was somewhat cold.Too bad I onlly have until till two o'clock to get this room cleaned and ready for shift manager inspection.
5	My man and I stayed here for a Cinco de Mayo staycation. It is a beautiful resort. I spent most of my time relaxing. We ate brunch at the restaurant. It has a beautiful patio and great service.
5	My husband and I just returned from a trip to Arizona, made GLORIOUS by this gorgeous boutique resort.  From the moment we arrived we were greeted with authentic kindness and care. We were whisked from our car, straight to a simple check-in area [complete with delicious iced tea and lemonade] and given a tour of the grounds as we were shown to our room.   All the rooms in this resort are 'casitas.' Basically, you get your own little house with a kitchen, sitting area, big bathroom and lovely bedroom with plenty of storage space and dressers for each person to have their clothes.  Turn down service happens nightly and the cleaning crew seems to sneak in and out of there anytime you are gone.The pool is lovely, and again, the staff is welcoming and remember who you are after meeting you only once.  Also, they could gouge you on the prices there, but guess what THEY DONT.  [Especially in terms of resort standards]We also had a couples' massage at the spa which was incredible. Before the massage you can hang in your separate locker rooms which have a eucalyptus steam room that leads to an outdoor jacuzzi and shower, as well as lounge chairs to chill in the sunshine before you have your service.  When our awesome massages were complete, we were handed champagne on the way out and instructed to take a quick steam and shower to help pull out the toxins brought up by our massage.  Again, the staff was incredible and caring and I love them!One cool thing about this resort is that they provide an environment where you don't need to feel obligated to tip at every turn [except at the restaurants] by instilling a very reasonable daily resort fee [$28].  This included unlimited valet parking, which was worth it alone!All of this and I never even mentioned how gorgeous the grounds are. Immaculately kept, thoughtfully designed landscaping surround these historical grounds, and the rooms are lovely as well.   This is also a fairly small resort, which is nice because you end up being a part of a nice, intimate community of vacationers.  And on our trip, it was 95% adults. We saw one child the whole time we were there.  [Not that I don't like children, but it's nice to have some peace on vacation :)All in all I can't express how enamoured we both were by our stay here. We felt very special, were greeted with smiles and 'hellos' everywhere we went and treated like royalty. It's a great place to go for a romantic getaway, OR to have your wedding! I highly recommend it!
5	Oh Royal Palms, how I love thee so!!!We were just at RP this past weekend and thoroughly enjoyed this place.  Situated close to the Camelback mountains, when you enter through the gates you feel as if you are entering a Spanish mansion.  From the moment you pull up, the valet team are all over you making sure you and your luggage are properly taken care of.Every single soul that I met who worked here was exceptional, courteous and went above and beyond.  I was quickly checked in and given all of the information that I needed.  Afterwards, the bell man/valet come to escort you to your room with a quick overview of the property.  After walking me to my Terrace Casita Room, he did everything from lay out my suitcase to fill my ice bucket.  The best thing about their wonderful service is that all of the tipping (except restaurant & spa) is included with the resort fee ($30 per day).  The room (210) was marvelous!  We enjoyed the soaking tub that was so deep, I kept slipping under water =) as well as the huge shower, comfy king sized bed and our nice little patio.  We had a chance to take a swim in the pool as well and while there were several people out, it wasn't too crowded just yet.  I love their turn-down service (when do they even come in?!?), the yummy candies and bottled water they leave bedside and the concierge.  We booked last minute reservations through Mona at a swank French restaurant (separate review) and had no issues.  We were even given a complimentary glass of champagne as thanks to her sending us over. I genuinely loved just about everything here.  The grounds are quiet and well appointed and the hotel is close to some great shopping and fine-dining.  If I had to fuss it would be to say that our toilet in our bathroom kept running.  After a couple of jiggles of the handle it was all fine so no real complaints there.  We also went to T. Cooks Lounge around 10pm one night but was a little disappointed that we missed the live entertainment for the night.  The food and drinks there were just okay and we ended up sending one item back (smoked brie).  The drinks were a little watery but our bartender was super nice.I cannot wait to plan another trip here once the weather cools down a bit.  This would also be a nice place to head to once all of the kiddies are back in school.
5	I was king for a day. While staying a the Royal Palms I felt like the world was my oyster, every wish was my command and everything I desired seemed to be thought of before I desired it. In short, customer service here is phenomenal. Astounding even. The resort has beautiful grounds, a nice bar area, the basic room is fairly roomie and has a big ole bathtub in it, the pool is open twenty four hours... this is seriously huge for me because I work graveyard and honestly want to take a dip at 3am, I truly walked away unable to think of something that could have been better... and while I think I got my room for a steal, knowing how amazing this place is, I will have no problem paying full price the next time a staycation comes up. You just have to visit, look for a deal or whatever you need to do, but if the opportunity to stay here comes up, take it. You will love it.
5	Such a beautiful resort! My parents stayed here over the weekend so we popped over a few times to visit them & check it out. The staff were friendly & very helpful when we had any questions. The rooms are beautiful & pretty spacious. The bathroom is stocked with great products from their spa.The pool isn't large like other resorts in the area, but it's extremely relaxing & peaceful.Thanks to my parents, we'll be back to try T. Cook's restaurant soon!
5	Rarely do I give out five stars for hotels, but there you have it. A resort perfect in every way. My husband and I booked our stay for one night last Tuesday on the day of through the Hotel Tonight app. $100 for the room... truly a steal. There was an extra $30 resort fee tacked on that all guests must pay, and which pays gratuity for the valets and housekeepers, gives you access to the pool and fitness center, etc. The pool, by the way, is open 24 hours, which was so cool because we are such night owls and we totally had the pool all to ourselves at 1 in the morning. The pool also has floating rafts you can use for free, plus clean towels, comfy lounge chairs, cabanas, and bar service. The pool did not disappoint.The customer service was phenomenal. The woman who checked us in was very chipper and seemed genuinely happy to have us there, and one of the valets gave us the tour of the resort and showed us to our room. He was very helpful and kind.The room was decorated lovely, and although we had hoped for a king bed, we made do with the double beds we ended up with (apparently they were too booked to hook us up with a king bed). There is a large bathtub in the bathroom, but the wall next to it can be opened up completely, so it was like taking a bath in the bedroom. Really pretty and neat. Plus, they had candles set up, so you better believe your heiny I took advantage of those.My only qualm is that housekeeping came knocking at our door at 11 (check out wasn't until noon), successfully waking us up as we had gone to sleep really late the night before. My husband had to run to the door before they came in, as we were both *ahem* in the nude. He ended up stubbing his toe so hard in the process that his big toenail ripped off completely and therefore effectively ending our little staycation. Alas, missing toenail and all, an excellent experience in every way!
2	OK...'USED to BE' is the key word here.  I know I gave this place a high rating alst year...but NOW??? I used to Love this place and it had classy neighborhood people that  frequented it- from Paradise Valley, Arcadia areas... OMG! NOW? I There is an old geezer who's name starts with an H, who pretends to own the place,. He is  ALWAYS there.....and he invites tons of match dot com women to meet him there -in the bar lounge (that used to be awesome). He acts like he knows them all and play them like a fiddle- The Bar staff loves him because these poor women buy drinks and food...He makes sure to tell the women to get there before dinner so they buy BAR food...It is a gimmick. He also orchestrates jazz dancing in the courtyard...in which he is actually helping sell dance lessons pretty much and the Dance Instructor is a real creepy smelly guy! So,  I'd say this place is NOW a PIMP  place..because the manager and staff knows exactly that he is using the place as a pimp home for himself and since no one goes there much (May-Sept) he drives a little business to Royal Palm, making it look like a chick hang out...(Piano player is great) Bar tenders have their heads up there ass's (the fat one is rude) and the bar food gives you gas and taste like crap. This place is  not anything  like is used to be. Sad!
5	This is my favorite hotel to stay at in Arizona. It's a boutique hotel which I love, no chains here. The pool area is so nice, and the rooms are amazing!!! They have different styles and names of the rooms. The hotel makes you feel like your in a garden somewhere magical.T Cooks restaurant is inside and it's sooooo yummy! I go here with my girls.
5	This review is for the lounge that is part of this gorgeous hotel that boasts outstanding vistas along with a lush tropical feel to it.  My wife wanted to check this place out for happy hour. I'm glad we did; The food is excellent. They have $2 steak tacos on Tuesdays. Although they are relatively tiny, they were very tasty. We had the short rib flat bread for $7. Which is not what you are thinking when you hear the word flat bread. It's more like a tortilla in which you dish in the short rib meat (no bones) and lather it with this heavenly goat cheese. I could have eat that cheese all night. In addition, we had the pretzel bread bites that came with dipping cheese. The first few pretzels I dipped with the cheese but then I realized that I still had goat cheese left. Think of a bagel lathered with cream cheese. That's what I did with the goat cheese and pretzel bread. Our total tab came to $18 (included one soda) before tip.Needless to say, this place is very intimate and classy and very affordable for the regular folks.  And I might add that all of the employees are professional and helpful.
5	This might very well be my favorite resort in the whole land.  When you first turn onto the driveway lined with tall palm trees, approaching the Royal Palms serene entrance with the mountains looming in the background, you realize that this isn't any ordinary place to stay. Instantaneously, bags were retrieved from the vehicle and you're inside and helped in a jiffy. Yes, you're in Phoenix, yet somehow you're worlds away from it all. The room was serene and beautiful. The color scheme and accents had a Mediterranean influence, exotic yet familiar and calming. The room is spacious. The bed is comfortable. The bathroom is exquisite. A separate shower with perfect water pressure. A separate toilet. And a most excellent deep-soaking bathtub. And I stayed in an estate room. I can't imagine how glorious the estate suites, villas, or casitas are. The property itself is magnificent. The main courtyard with its center fountain, its Mediterranean style accented by palm trees and flowers and the mountains in the background is stunning. The grounds are lush and green and there are so many built in tranquil spots, both hidden and unhidden, where you can relax. The main pool is large, with adequate and comfortable seating. There isn't a spot within the Royal Palms that isn't scenic or relaxing. Service is top-notch. You get the sense that they will do anything to make your stay more comfortable. And if you really did not want to leave the property - no one would fault you for this - there is an amazing on site restaurant, T. Cook's. One of the best white-cloth dinners I've had in recent memory was at T. Cook's. Do you miss the Duck a L'Orange, it is ridiculously tasty. There are only good and great things to say about the Royal Palms. It is always considered one of the best in the area, if not the country. I can't argue with that. This place is absolutely amazing. If you can't manage to relax and unwind here, there is something seriously wrong with you :)
5	This place was AMAZING!  I have stayed in probably over 100 hotels, this one was the BEST hotel I have ever been to... staff was extremely friendly, I WILL be back!
5	Just returned from a pre-Thanksgiving,pre-family get together where my Husband surprised me and  booked us into the resort for some alone birthday r&r. I can't believe our good fortune to arrive at this oasis mid week and fine a staff that doted on our every need or want. The check-in area sets the mood for what is to come...plush desk area with a fabulous fire and beverages along with an upgrade(small snafu on the part of Kayak)..during our three days at the resort we never encountered anyone who was less than a true hospitality professional. Grounds and pool area are emaculate.   the rooms. Well,let's just say the balcony,soaking tub and high end linens just start the long list of amenities. We had dinner at t.cooks ,the on site restaurant and that equaled the rest of the faculty. Top quality food and service,worth every penny or pennies!if your looking for no unpleasant surprises and spending your money at a place that really does appreciate you being there,then I would book a few nights here. Compared to other high end hotels or boutique places we've been lucky to experience Royal Palms is in our top three...ever! Oh, you won't even miss shopping  Scottsdale to hang out here all day and night.to
5	One of the best resorts I have stayed in. Very different setting. Extremely friendly staff. If I come to Phoenix again, I would definitely stay here. Very relaxing and clean resort. Thumbs up!
5	Romantic, cozy and beautiful environs. The staff is top notch. Our room had a comfortable king-sized bed and a warm gas-fired fireplace. The decor is sort of rustic Spanish Mediterranean.  Always the mark of a great hotel, they will deliver the New York Times to your room each morning.  Be sure to have a cocktail -- I recommend the Pepino Diablo -- in the Cigar Room at the end of the evening. This is easily one of our favorite hotels in the United States!
5	I loved this boutique resort. I went in July so it was so hot but barely anyone there. We had the spa amenities to ourselves. :) The good was great! I didn't get tired of the T. Cooks menu. Would love to go back!
1	I am trying to love this place again and give it a thumbs up! You;'re killing me Royal palm Management! UGH! I  and went back a few weeks ago. I feel like I had this old boyfriend who was great and then he turned psycho and also didn't bathe again. So here I am searching for an old boy friend  which is what I am referring to - 'The Royal Palms resort' who was awesome in it's day, and NOW a mess- STILL.   The bar area  was changed and the entire main seating area is now entertainment wires and cords and the cheeeeziest  band. The furniture is filthy and the Bar tenders are REAL ass bites!!!! The food is tiny crappy taco type foods!!! Holy shit! Dear Daddy Warbucks: Do not take me here again! it is a  'HAS BEEN' place and now old and tired. Umm, like some of my dates!
5	Great rooms, Nice pool, Great staff...........Beautiful & peaceful resort...........two thumbs up! Cant wait to return.
4	This place is gorgeous.  I haven't stayed in the rooms, but have dined in T. Cooks many times and have attended several functions in the banquet rooms.  It's always a great experience.From the moment you arrive at Valet to the end of your event, the customer service here is awesome.  The banquet staff always goes over and above to make sure you're well taken care of.  At one particular breakfast meeting there wasn't any ice water available in the pre-breakfast area.  Instead of telling me "there's water inside", they went in and got a fresh glass for me.  At another meeting, I asked for a Lime for a Diet Coke I was drinking....they walked to the bar inside the building to slice up a fresh Lime for me, very cool.Whenever there's an event here, we try our best to attend because we know it will be over the top.Return Factor - 90%
4	My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay at The Royal Pams and we are huge fans. The grounds are beautiful and the employees are super friendly! I only gave this 4 stars because although the pool was gorgeous, it was really crowded and not nearly enough seating for all the guests. But, we still had a great time and the staff at the pool bar is exceptional. They are very accommodating and even come around to fill up every ones waters so you never have to go to the bar and ask for one. T Cooks was really good, more impressed with the breakfast than the dinner but dinner was still really good so I highly suggest making some time to dine there. The room was really nice, pretty standard size room but great bathroom and comfortable bed. I think that this hotel is in a great location - 2 miles from downtown Scottsdale, a few miles from Camelback and only a 2 hour drive to Sedona. I highly recommend this hotel for a long weekend/romantic getaway.
5	The experience lives up to the expectation set in its name. I was lucky enough to have my wedding at the Royal Palms and must say that the experience from start to finish was spectacular. Set against the backdrop of Camelback Mountain, the setting is simply stunning. We had our wedding reception in the Estrella Room with the cocktail hour in the courtyard in front of the room. Before getting married here, I was told by anyone I spoke to that the wedding food is by far the best they've ever had anywhere else. I completely agree with this statement. The food is a culinary masterpiece. It doesn't taste like your typical catered food. It tastes like the food they serve in T Cooks, if not better! Everything you eat, down to the bread and pesto dip is extraordinary.  The service is about as extraordinary as the food. I worked with Suzanne who was extremely helpful from start to finish. Each bride and groom gets a "shadow" for the wedding day. Our shadow was the fabulous Christy and followed us around while we took pictures and throughout the whole night and made sure we had cocktails, food and any other help throughout the night. She even helped me in the bathroom with my large wedding dress! I can't say enough about Christy and how helpful she was throughout the night. She was calm, comforting and helpful throughout the whole night. I will end this review by saying that "you get what you pay for" and while the Royal Palms is on the pricier end, it's worth every penny and they make sure they work for their money. Everyone is kind and helpful and I couldn't imagine getting married anywhere else.Besides the wedding experience, I was also lucky enough to stay at the Royal Palms the night before and the night of the wedding. I highly recommend staying in the Valencia Casita #125. It's got an adorable courtyard, little sitting area, a small kitchen and a nicely sized bedroom. The rooms are intimate and have a lot of character. The grounds are extremely relaxing and lovely to just walk around and take in. I have also been a guest at their spa and must say that it's a relaxing and luxurious experience! The staff is friendly, the amenities are very nice and everything is completely relaxing.
5	By far, one of my most favorite places in Arizona. And I'm a second generation native, I know a lot about this state and a lot about the hidden treasures. This is one of them.I've been meaning to write a review for sometime as its been quite awhile since we stayed here.My husband and I got married on April 11, 2009. It was the night before Easter and we had a room booked here. It was not only a holiday weekend but a popular wedding day, so we were competing with a lot of other couples.We showed up somewhere between 11:30-midnight to check in. Checking in before us was also another bride and groom who apparently got the last regular room. When we got to the front desk we were told they had overbooked. We were crushed as we really wanted to stay here and didn't know what our options were going to be., especially it being so late into the night. Without hesitation we were upgraded to the honeymoon suite, and on them! The staff was so nice, and prompt. It took us less than 10 minutes to check in, even with an upgrade. Everyone was so nice. The service was great. The room was huge, beautiful and we had 2 private patios. I wish we were able to stay for more than one night to really appreciate all the amenities. There was a large shower, a separate tub, a living room with lots of seating, and a bedroom with a large king bed. The linens were amazing and so soft. It was just the best experience! We ordered room service the next morning before check-out. The food was amazing, it came quickly, and again, the staff was amazing. I have no complaints about this place other than I wish we could have stayed a week instead of a night. Highly recommend!
3	I was really looking forward to my stay at the resort over Memorial Day weekend but have to admit the I was a little disappointed with the resort. Service at the restaurant, T Cooks, and by the pool was not quite up to par. We found that we often had to flag down waiters and waitresses to ask for drink refills, food and condiments. Service was not terrible, but it was annoying that the staff was not anticipating our needs prior to having us ask for everything. You have to pay a resort pool fee, which further adds to the excessive expense of this resort, and I did not feel I got my money's worth out of this fee. Another annoyance was the size of the pool and pool area, which was very small. Lounge chairs are crowded together and we had to fight for a chair every morning because there aren't that many.I was also disappointed in the gym. It was very small and the tvs on the machines did not work. Nothing was majorly wrong, but the little things added up to this resort not fully adding up to our expectations. The grounds are beautiful (gorgeous flowers and plants!) but I do not think I do not think this resort is worth the cost.
5	The resort is absolutely breathtaking, quiet and relaxing. The pool is gorgeous, the rooms clean, delicious food, and staff that went above and beyond to help us enjoy our stay. We can not wait to get back here.
5	This review is specifically for the Alvadora Spa...and even more so for Mariah who gave me the most incredible facial I have ever had in my entire life. Ladies and gents - if I were you I would definitely take advantage of the $99 summer promotion and treat yourself to a truly rejuvenating experience. I've had a number of facials in my life but I've never had an aesthetician actually stay in the room while the masks were drying and give upper back, cranial, arm and hand massages nor have I ever had luxuriously warm rehydrating hand mitts during the process of a facial. My skin has a new, refreshed glow to boot. This is the pinnacle of facials - I will never go anywhere else!
5	Second time staying at the Royal Palms Resort and Spa. From my first experience, I knew there was nowhere else to stay in the Phoenix area. First of all, the resort is absolutely breathtaking. This is not your average high end hotel, this is a beautiful resort filled with accommodating staff, guest services, amenities, and luxurious rooms.  And of course a fabulous restaurant/bar with an amazing chef and excellent menu.  The pool is also 5 star status, open 24 hours and food/beverage service is available certain hours. It is the ultimate in luxury. I have yet to experience the spa services, but I will hopefully indulge myself in them someday. The rooms feel like you are in a Tuscan villa. Every little details astounds you. We had very knowledgable and experienced waitstaff at the restaurant, Jeff and Miguel are amazing. Each staff member is enthusiastic and friendly. We invited a good friend from the area for dinner and she was so impressed her and her husband are booking  a romantic getaway here even though they live ten minutes away! They are also service animal friendly, and treat service dogs with extra care and respect. I will never stay anywhere else in this area. So glad I got to show my mom and friend the best of the best. This place is a cut above the rest.
4	My husband and I snagged a travelzoo voucher and decided to stay here for a night. The resort is beautiful and the staff is extremely friendly. If you're looking for a quiet and quaint getaway this is the place to go. The pool was smaller than expected but we were there in July so it wasn't crowded and the cabana staff was very accommodating. My two issues were the food menu was quite limited (although they do offer a happy hour which is nice, but only offer certain foods at certain times, which is frustrating), and my pedicure at the spa was below average.
4	This was our first visit to this resort and upon arrival, we were greeted by super friendly guys at valet (which is complimentary for the entire stay). We got a deal on travel zoo for a one night stay in a casita, two cocktails, a $25 food credit and and $50 spa credit. The resort grounds are truly beautiful. You almost forget you're in Phoenix; all the plants and flowers are so lush and green. The room was cozy with a large 4 poster bed. The room had a Kuerig machine which was nice to have, even though we didn't get a chance to use it. The shower was large and the room was really clean. The resort is a destination earth property and very Eco conscious which I liked. The resort also includes a daily resort fee so that way you don't feel obligated to tip at every turn.  All the staff were extremely polite. The only issues I had was with the spa and room service. The $50 spa credit could only be used on a 50 minute service. I really wanted a pedicure and we were gonna pay out of pocket for a second pedicure so we could do it like a couples treatment but it wasn't an option. Also, it was 40+ for breakfast for the equivalent of a Denny's grand slam breakfast and it didn't come with any juice or anything just water. The resort fee does allow you access to the fitness center, pool, hot tub and into the spa to use the showers and eucalyptus steam room which was so refreshing and relaxing.
5	my then boyfriend, now fiancee took me to a wonderful spa adventure for my bday.full body massage, facial, mani, pedi the whole works...followed by the eucalyptus steam room ~~~~ i walked out of there feeling like a million dollars baby!this spa is beautiful and relaxing.
5	Beautiful Spanish Colonial Hotel, the Royal Palms is a nice place to get away for a few days.  Hotel and grounds very well kept for an older hotel.  Staff courteous and professional.  The room spacious and comfortable, with good AC (very important in Phoenix!).  And Hotel close to old town Scottsdale, and nice place with lots of shops and restaurants.  Only downside was that T. Cooks, the hotel restaurant, was closed for renovations during our stay; other than that, it was great, and I would definitely recommend it.
5	We came here for a romantic three-night getaway on our anniversary. We stayed in a very spacious Alvadora Villa right outside the spa. Upon arrival, we were promptly greeted by valet service. They have the best valet service. I appreciated the guys always asking, "Will you be needing your vehicle shortly or should we park it in the garage?" Plus, they were always speedy about getting our car for us when we phoned them from our room. The front desk clerks were pleasant and there was always delicious complimentary Royal Palmer (aka Arnold Palmer + Grenadine) in the lobby.After setting our things down in our room, we took a late night tour of the resort. Wow! Absolutely gorgeous resort! It's a decent sized resort yet has a small Mediterranean-style feel to it. Since we were hungry, we stopped by T.Cook's Lounge. There was live jazz music and the food was delicious. Be sure to order a Moscow mule.The following morning, we went to the pool. All the pool servers were extremely attentive. As soon as we walked up to the chairs we wanted, they laid towels down for us and brought out large glasses of iced water. Talk about amazing service! The pool food was good, not great, but we didn't expect too much when it comes to poolside food. The pool area was very quiet and relaxing. Highlight of hanging at the pool? I got stung by a bee in the armpit as I was sunbathing on the pool float bed. Went from relaxed to freak out mode. Awesome! That would only happen to me. After much relaxing in the sun, we went for a hike on Camelback Mountain. Definitely a must. The scenery from up there is pretty cool.That evening, I managed to break the on/off handle to the bathroom shower as I went to turn it off. And I tell ya, that water came rushing out and pinned me to the wall! As I screamed for help, my significant other yelled out from the loo to see what was going on. It was Dra-matic like only something that would happen in a movie!  Luckily, their maintenance guys responded very quickly and took care of the issue. Oops!All-in-all, we had an amazing and relaxing time here. I'd highly recommend staying here while visiting the Phoenix area. You won't regret it.Things we loved about Royal Palms Resort & Spa:Gratuities were included in the resort fee.Amazing service from everyone. We were greeted with smiles by all employees everywhere we went on property.This would be a wonderful place to host a wedding.  Hint, hint, wink, wink.They had cute resident bunnies hopping around property.Live music at T.Cook's.Steam shower.Private outdoor shower.Very spacious rooms and clean room.Free WiFi.Complimentary Royal Palmer (aka Arnold Palmer + Grenadine) at the front desk.Surrounding scenery.
1	I stayed here for a conference. My diamond stud earrings went missing from the time my husband checked out to the time the room was cleaned. (He had seen them and forgot to grab them.) Estimated time of two hours in which the earrings were left unattended.He texted me when I was in the conference when he remembered seeing the earrings and notified security. The security person was cooperative and searched to no avail.I sat in the lobby for the Phoenix police. I asked for a comment card. I was told a survey would be emailed to me.  No one from management met me. I am told that the employees are longstanding and have a lot to lose meaning their job if they stole the earrings. I asked if they polygraph employees. It is the police's decision apparently.My biggest disappointment is that no one from the staff reached out. At least four employees knew of my situation, did not say my name or offer a sentence stating they were sorry about the situation. It was though I was the problem although I had not accused anyone of anything. I have to file a report for insurance. One star goes to the security officer. He was professional, sensitive and empathetic to my situation.
5	The grounds are gorgeous. Interior and decor are rustic chic. I am in love with this place! I will be back for sure :)
5	The best and most intimate resort in Phoenix. Stayed here for my wedding night so of course this is a special place fore but believe me we had many places to choose from. The rooms are beautiful, grounds are intimate and well kept and the staff will go above and beyond to meet your needs. I have not gone to the spa personally yet, but purchased a massage for my mom for Mother's Day and she loved it.
4	I don't come to Royal Palms to be socialize or work on my tan by the pool. Honestly, the pool is nothing to write home about. There is really no nightlife to speak of either. That's what Tally Ho is for. I love the Royal Palms because the service is extraordinary. From the moment you check in to the moment you leave, the staff makes you feel like a VIP. We arrived early for our check in on our last visit with perishable foods in our trunk because of a mistake I made. The bellhop courteously stored our food in a cooled storage space until we could go to our room. The rooms are absolutely gorgeous. I never want to leave because the bed is insanely comfortable and the showers are extremely large. Honestly, the bathrooms are quite stunning. If you call the bellhop for anything, they will deliver it to your room quickly and with a smile. I can't tell you how many times I've been to an upscale hotel or restaurant and been treated like a third class passenger find a lifeboat on the Titanic. There is nothing more insufferable than being treated by staff like I don't deserve to be there because of the way I dress or speak or who knows. I may not make much money, but I do like to treat myself once in a while, and my money spends just as well as anyone else's. At the Royal Palms, I get to feel like a millionaire, if only for a few days. I can't speak much of the other amenities because I never want to leave my room! I will say that I wish they had more than one pool because when my boyfriend and I tried to go, there was not an unoccupied pool chair in sight. And when we finally did find two, there were too many bees to enjoy ourselves. However, this is Arizona and there are many places to swim. Excellent customer service is a much harder find, and Royal Palms has it.
5	Royal Palms is easily in my top 3 resorts in Phoenix. This quaint resort is nestled into camelback mtn and feels like you are miles away from the hustle and bustle of PHX. Whether you are going for a cocktail on one of their many patios, or your staying overnight you will not be let down. The bar and T. Cooks have been renovated to provide more space and maintains the perfect ambiance. The rooms at the Royal Palms are a great extension of the overall resort. Beautiful warm rooms that will give you the comfort of home, but the luxury of a 5 star resort. Go for drinks or for the night, you won't be disappointed!
5	5+ visits here.   We stay at Royal Palms to get away:  from noise, from music, from kids, from crowds.  Service is top notch.  Get a Casita room (or if you can swing it, one of the Villas with outdoor showers...)Come here for Romance and to stay on property.  T Cook's is one of the top restaurants in Phoenix.  No need to leave. The pool is nice and quiet, but small.  Not a "Resort" pool.  Not a pool "Scene".  But a perfect spot to read a book, have a cold drink, and relax.Work out room is fine.  If you want to lift/run/stretch, use it.  Spa is really nice.  Worth going into once or twice during your stay.
5	This review is for the Alvadora Spa at the Royal Palms Resort.  My friend planned an amazing weekend in Scottsdale and our day at this resort was relaxing and fun.  This Spanish-style resort is quaint with a very European feel.I had a deep tissue massage, and it was among the best I've ever had.  Even better is that with any treatment, you can enjoy the rest of the resort for the balance of the day.  Coming from the Chicago winter, we chose to lay by the pool, basking in the Arizona sun with a couple of cocktails.  Perfect way to spend a girl's weekend away!
4	Lovely brunch, Bellini, omelette with crab, bousin. Delicious bread basket. Courtyard location the best. Beautiful old hotel.
5	My wife and I were able to enjoy two nights at the Royal Palm Resort, on Tuesday and Wednesday. Relaxing, romantic, and secluded. The rooms are unique and intimate. If you are looking for grand spaces...it's not going to be the place for you.  If you are looking for intimacy and luxury...it's all good.
1	This resort is beautiful. The grounds, pool, fitness center, and other amenities are amazing. If you are from snowy Chicago, Wisconsin, Minnesota and you want to getaway to beautiful Scottsdale AZ and enjoy serenity and comfort, you should consider Royal Palms Resort and Spa. Unfortunately, I had a bad experience at TJ Cooks restaurant for lunch. I ordered the flat iron steak and eggs. Except for the hash browns, the rest of the dish was INEDIBLE. I could have eaten a better meal at Denny's for a fourth of the price. I also ordered the Panini, a dessert combo of peanut butter, chocolate and bananas sandwiched inside a panini bread. This was also disappointing. My wife ordered the eggs sardou. It was cold and had no flavor but the hash brown potatoes were great. I'm hoping they had a substitute cook that day and this isn't their normal standard of taste. Again, you shouldn't miss the Resort, but I had reservations about TJ Cooks.
5	I stayed in a Valencia casita and it was cozy luxury, featuring a high bed, private patio, dramatic lighting, reliable temperature controls, intimate pool, Mediterranean meets southwest decor, and an overall boutique experience. Lovely!
5	This is a wonderful intimate boutique style hotel where everything is a close walk, not long distances  like the large resort style hotels.  The service is impeccable throughout.  It is situated in the middle of Scottsdale close to everything, but you feel like you have been transported to a place in colonial Mexico or Tuscany, the gardens awe amazing We stayed in a room that backed up to the street and one could hear traffic in the mornings, but this did not bother me in the least.  I will definitely return to this gem.
5	love, love, love. From the moment we got out of our car - the entire staff was amazing. The pool side bar and staff are fantastic, they went way out of their way to make sure we were not sunburned - drinks were perfect. The spa treatments are top shelf and the employees at the spa were kind and warm.
5	Got married here three years ago and now back from our anniversary and it's still as beautiful as ever. Mona and her team of personal concierge were amazing and helped us book out weekend! Even suggesting a hot air balloon ride, which I can't wait to do! Very private, got a great deal on a casita and everyone gives amazing service! The pool bar is the best! Try the hummus plate and the bloody Mary's!
5	Hate to leave this oasis in the desert.  My love brought me here to celebrate my birthday and it was a memorable one for sure.  I truly enjoyed our three night stay from the spa to simplying sitting in our peacefu patio.  It's a relaxing resort and a great place to disconnect from your everyday life and recharge.  I hope to return in the future and will highly recommend Roya Palms to everyone!
5	This resort makes me feel like I have died and gone to heaven.  I didn't want to ever leave.  The pool area is so lovely and quiet is feels like a sanctuary -not at all like the noisy pools at most resorts.  And then there is the restaurant, T.Cooks, which is amazing!  An outstanding menu by a talented chef and the ambiance of dining in a Mediterranean villa.  Staying here is a real treat!
3	Nice old Phoenix historical property. However : I checked In mid June day temps 108 degrees F. Rate was well below season rack rate at $90 bucks. But upon check in a $30.00 "resort fee" and a $15 buck parking fee not mentioned on my corporate travel portal.  Thus they are sneaky , especially in    mid June.  Rooms are great and the ambiance is fantastic. They just sock it to you for extra $$$$ at every turn. Beware. I will review the restaurant T cooks latter but what I have had so far a great roasted beer salad for $12 bucks was the size of a sampling at a restaurant week somewhere. Rip off.
4	Rooms are so beautiful and the grounds offer great romantic walks. The bed is so comfy. I wanted to take that bad boy home. Little benches and reading areas. 24/7 pool and hot tub Cons: Checkin slow waited over 10 minutes before someone even said hello. When I booked no mention of 30 a NIGHT resort fee.  Supervisor on sift could Cate less spoke with GM and she waved but ONLY after walking her through booking and proving wasn't mentioned. I would stay again on a special date but with such a high resort fee too high too stay a week for vacation.
3	The Royal Palms has spacious grounds, but I did not find them to be "breathtaking" as others did. Maybe I'm spoiled since I travel a bit and go to southern CA once a month. Hotel:Pros: The valet/bus boys were SO friendly and accommodating-always smiling, upbeat and ready with a cold bottle of water as your left for your summer excursion in Phx. Jenna the customer service manager is over-the-top customer service oriented, she was SO helpful! The yoga teacher was friendly and after over a decade of doing yoga, I learned some "new" mudras that I found extremely helpful. Gratuity fee of $15 covers all tips so you don't have to always be reaching for your wallet. And "Royal Palmers" (ice cold Arnold Palmers) when you check in!Cons: We reserved a Montevista Suite with a big bathtub and were "upgraded" to a casita, which sounds good, but was in reality a handicap room that lacked a certain charm that was situated along a walkway and had the world's shallowest one-person bathtub. When we asked to be moved to the room we actually reserved, we were told they were all taken (!!) for the night and we moved the next morning. The beds were not great and the one in the handicapped room was actually quite mushy and uncomfortable. The thermostats in the rooms can be set to lower than 72 degrees, but turn off at 72 degrees at night. Well 72 degrees sounds cool, but we needed to have a fan brought in to be cool enough to sleep (and we live in Tucson so heat is not new to us). Drinks at the pool are apparently $20 each according to our bill (!!). Yoga is outside in the mornings which during monsoon season means mosquito-central. Restaurant/Bar:Pros: Chuck the bartender at the Mix Up bar was also top-notch as he chatted us up and explained the specialty drink of the day. Our waiter at T Cooks for dinner was friendly enough and the food there is great! Try the antelope or the tasting menu. Cons: Can't think of any. Warning: Not knowing any better, we bought the BOGO free deal which listed room rates as $450/night with one night free came out to $225/night. The thing is the rack rate on their website for those nights was $179 and $139. So we could have saved money by getting the rack rate which I found irritating. Luckily Jenna the customer relations manager lowered our rate to the rack rate, but we had to ask and the woman who checked us out was none too happy about me asking to make sure we'd gotten the rate everyone else paid. Overall, a mid-range "resort" which a decent pool area, pretty gardens/grounds and at times excellent customer service. Overall I'll rate it A-OK, 3 stars. Not great, but certainly good enough (at the reduced summer prices).
4	Everything was great, just not really impressed with the room/casita. It's a great place, my rating is only based on comparison with other hotels with equivalent pricing.
1	Guys. Seriously? This place is not living up to the hype. My husband and I went here for an overnight stay to celebrate the fact that it was our first time away from our kids, um ever in two years (no big deal) and it was a Father's Day gift. We had booked through hotels.com and relayed the importance of our visit in the reservation. I upgraded the room to a private casita and chose the option to pay at the time of the booking, as opposed to paying later. Imagine my surprise when, upon check-in, I am confronted immediately with,"we need a credit card for this reservation".  "I thought I paid ahead, but ok...."  The front desk attendant then informs us of the $30 resort fee and $15 overnight parking fee. Really? Y'all can't even spring for free parking for your patrons? At a so-called 4.5 star resort? Please. The valet gave us a tour of the grounds and he was great. Informative, funny and honest. When we tipped him he made sure we knew that a tip was already included and wasn't necessary. We knew but he deserved the tip anyway, it was just nice of him to be honest.The stay was nice, the room was fine and dinner was good-but for a $250 check for two people I was expecting more. But what was really great happened next. Once we got home a few days passed and I spoke to my mom. She said she was surprised she didn't hear from me for a big thank you. I asked why? Well it turned out my parents paid for our stay as a nice gesture since we never get out. Odd, I thought, considering the first thing the front desk attendant did was ask for a credit card when my parents sent their info in and wanted to pay for any other incidentals above and beyond the room. I called and talked to the front desk attendant and told her the deal. She didn't sympathize, she didn't apologize, she just transferred me to the accounting department to leave a message. The following day, Eric from accounting called me back. We figured out that my card wasn't charged but there was a $300 hold on my debit that would "disappear in a week or so". Now, I don't have a lot of money, so for $300 to be tied up for a week was kind of a bummer. He keep repeating the same info about booking through hotels.com and how sometimes people who pay for rooms want to remain anonymous (I was asking why I wasn't told the room was paid for, why was I even asked to present a card when that part was handled?). He was droning on and I said, "I don't care about that, what I care about is..." I couldn't finish my sentence because Eric from accounting interrupted me and said that if I didn't care what he was saying he couldn't help me any further. Then he HUNG UP ON ME! I mean come on! Where's the hospitality? I was furious. I wanted to be done with the shitty ordeal but my friend persuaded me to call again and let management know what happened. So I did. I told her that I didn't want anything from them, that I simply would never come back. She assured me that she would take this higher and have it corrected. With all the awesome deals in the valley during the summer why throw it away on this place? Spend your hard earned money some place else.
5	Amazing.  I did not stay at the hotel , but I did visit the Alvadora spa.  This spa was very warm and inviting.  I liked the fact that it was indoor and outdoor, with plenty of natural sunlight.  I used the eucalyptus steam room, and private outdoor jacuzzi prior to my treatments.  I enjoyed that these facilities were separated from the men's facilities.  The treatment room was lovely, with floor to ceiling plantation shutters that offered just enough light.  Sometimes I feel like I am in a cave when getting a massage, so this was a welcome change.  The therapist, Jennifer, was an absolute delight.  Knowledgable, professional, and a great conversation.  She did both my massage and facial.  She gave me wonderful tips on skincare, and even taught me an exercise to stretch my back after a long day at work.  The rest of the staff was very pleasant and accommodating as well.  The products used were animal, and environmentally friendly.  I will be back for sure!
5	My wife and I went here for a weekend getaway . Very nice rooms . Great restaurant and bar .Excellent service . Very accomindating . It's small in relation to the Fairmont Princess but much more intamate.Would go back in a second.
4	So we picked this hotel as a romantic get away through Hotwire. When we arrived there was some mix up  with the room that Hotwire didn't know about but the hotel did. We apparently had the room cancelled, yet nobody told us. This was after 9.30pm at night. Long story short the manager was able to put us in the main suite for one night and we moved rooms for the next night. The pool was great, and we hired a cabana for a hundred dollars which was nice as the service was stepped up a level and it also had a fan.The food at the bar and music entertainment was good with an intimate feel.This hotel is perfect for couples wanting an romantic get away.
5	Absolutely wonderful no words can describe the tranquility I am feeling. Great staff, immaculate, and will receive serious pampering.  You deserve it. Go
4	I loved this spa. I really like their private line of grooming products. My massage was great and very relaxing. I truly like their adjustable massage tables. I did not care for how small the lockers area was but likely not an issue on a slow day. Pool area was nice but didnt like that they added service charge on my drink ticket as I almost tipped twice. Overall I eould go back but Montelucia around the corner would get my $ first.
4	Ideal small, intimate resort with stellar service!  They earned my repeat business.  If you're looking for a large, 5 start Ritz Carlton, go to the Ritz.  If you're looking for a gorgeous setting with a Tuscan vibe, gardens, fountains, nooks crannies and one-on-one service it's ideal.  It's not perfect, but as a frequent traveler it wins in my book!Resort fee covers all tips - not a usual perk!  Employees still go above and beyond.  Michael S. In valet, Robert and Matt at pool all extraordinary.  We didn't want for anything.  Parking is $15 for one vehicle but only a one time fee and you can go in and out.  This is also a deal for resorts.We had a travel zoo voucher and were on a tight budget so we used food credits in Mix up Bar.  Great wine, good food but very limited and neither Mix Up or TJ Cooks good for vegans.  TJ Cooks well known and smelled delicious and I'll eat there next time when not on budget travel.Pool great, but smaller so reserve chairs early.  We never waited for service or water or towels!  These are the perks of smaller property!  Water was very cold but would be good in hotter weather.  Hot tub was too hot to use.Since we were on a budget we didn't get to use our $40 spa credits because it was limited to massage or body work for 50min or more.  We did get to do free yoga class which was awesome!  Will be better outside when bugs aren't biting.  We also got to use steam room (even though we didn't get services - another perk of smaller property.)  Spa smaller but luxurious with amenities, steam room, showers, small private hot tub women only, and good lotions.My only complaints were room service dishes all over property and not picked up despite employees out and about.  And better vegan food options.  That sent us off property to close restaurants.  Either way I'll be back.  Rooms were great, romantic, big beds, robes, big bathroom, dressing room, separate bag area and nice showers.  Check for tub if you want to take a bath.  Don't hesitate... great place!
4	My husband and I celebrated our wedding anniversary with a stay-cation this past holiday weekend.  We absolutely love Royal Palms and we were just as impressed with our stay as we were the first time we came 2 years ago except for one issue- Mosquitoes!  During our last visit we stayed in a designer casita and loved the private patios in front and back.  This trip we stayed in the Montevista area in an Estate suite.  The room was great but the lighting is really dark and it was hard for me to put on make-up in the evening.   We especially loved our dinner at TCooks. We had the King Crab, Farmer's Salad, Antelope and Mushroom side dish. Very good food.  We appreciated the anniversary dessert and the special print on our menu.  We also appreciated the special anniversary chocolates and bottle of sparkling water in our room. We are always impressed with how friendly every person working on property is and how considerate they are when pushing carts around. I love every single nook and cranny of this resort.  We really enjoyed looking at all of the artwork and the library room near the business center.  We never saw that last time! Some people may not know that you can utilize the steam room, showers and plunge pool at the spa as part of your resort fee.  If you can't afford the $200 for a treatment, this is a great way to utilize your $30/day resort fee.  I love sitting thru a couple cycles of steam and then taking a gloriously long shower in the huge spa shower room.  I also escaped to the spa waiting room to read my book for a little while too. My husband was just "ehhh" over having a DJ at the pool Saturday and Sunday. He prefers the "Zen" quality of the small pool and prefers subtle music.I felt the DJ played a great variety of music that was not overwhelming and could appeal to a variety of crowds.  We have never stayed at Royal Palms for a holiday so we were a bit surprised at the crowds.  On Sunday we had a difficult time getting a chair at the pool. The pool staff was great though and did their best to get us set up in our preferred location as soon as quests left.    Even though we had a great visit, unfortunately, we are suffering quite a bit today and sent an email to the hotel to bring it to their attention. There are tons of pesky mosquitoes on property and they are so sneaky that you don't really ever see them!  I saw quite a few in the spa and in our room and did my best to swat them if I saw them. Never once did I feel like I was getting "bit" by the mosquitoes and I didn't feel like I was constantly swatting them away. However, upon returning home yesterday my husband and I were covered in bites.  I have at least 30 bites and they all flared up 4-5 hours after we got home. My husband is having a reaction to the large number of bites he got, and has a more severe rash today. We are disappointed that our wonderful trip to Royal Palms is clouded because we are so uncomfortable today.  When we checked in there was no mention of possible mosquitoes, so my hope is that they either heavily spray/treat the mosquito problem, or tell future guests so they can bring their own bug spray.  Or, as part of the resort fee maybe they can possibly provide cans of bug spray as a convenience.  Again, we love Royal Palms but we are so uncomfortable we felt we needed to share as part of our review
2	This was our 7 year wedding anniversary and we had  very high hopes of having a wonderful time. The grounds themselves are gorgeous, and the hotel is kept up very well.The problem lied in the staff. When we came back from breakfast, our room was being cleaned with the French doors propped open by the housekeeper's cleaning cart. There is a specific sign that says to please not leave the doors open because bugs get in, and indeed they did as we had both dead and live bugs including a baby lizard!While at the pool, my husband went up to ask for our tab as we wanted to leave, and the server was apparently having a terrible day. He lit up my husband about what a terribly run place this bar is, and how they were out of everything, computers down, & a litany of profanity in expressing his dismay at having to work there! We could not believe this, and were taken aback.We asked that are covers be turned down on our final evening there, as there were yellow stains on the comforter. While it seems that the sheets were changed, the same yellow stains were on the comforter after they cleaned the room.There were other issues, I won't bore you with the details, we did make the front desk aware of the entire list and she did deduct $75 off of our stay of 3 nights, but that didn't make up for the ridiculous charges and abuse we endured while being there. The parking charge of $15 per day is also absurd, especially since we took other means of transportation everywhere we went during our stay.While the grounds are beautiful, I would appreciate going to a place that is was not as unprofessional as they were here, including some snide remarks made by the valets, in an attempt to be funny. I fully expected management to call me the next day after my list of gripes, however our business was apparently not important enough for them to do so. I also suspect that the front desk person did not even convey these to management, which we did ask to speak to before we left, but were told she was not in.There are plenty of other gorgeous resorts in Paradise Valley and Scottsdale who will receive our business in the future.
5	Came here for a family celebration for Friday/Saturday night stay. All the staff was great and quite friendly. It truly felt like a dream over the weekend. We stayed at one of the Valencia Casitas. Luckily enough, everyone was placed in the same court yard, making it easy to get in contact with everyone. The rooms were absolutely spectacular. Huge king sized bed with a room that was beautifully furnished with a working fireplace. The bathroom was huge, lots of area to get ready. In the room, a book about the history of the resort was available with all the spectacular pictures of each type of room. Compared to the picture in the history book, the renovation of the bar looks great. We stopped by on our first night and had a few drinks. We are from Las Vegas, so to say that bar looked great.... is a great compliment. We also had lunch and breakfast at T Cook's. The service we got was great each time. The sever remember we were here for an 80th birthday, so each time, he brought out a complimentary desert tray. Overall, I had a fantastic time. I wish I could still be there right now and I hope I will be able to visit within the next couple of months again.
4	Beautiful hotel grounds, staff were all nice & friendly. Feels like your in Spain with all the Spanish influenced architecture. The resort has lots of corner spots & little nooks with water or fire pits. The pool is heated & open 24/7. I would definitely come back...great location as well. This hotel is situated on Camelback Rd & has an awesome view of Camelback Mountain.
4	We just returned from a long weekend in Phoenix. We booked our room through Hot wire so I was not sure what to expect. This hotel was what Hot wire chose for us. The person who checked us in was very friendly and warm. The lobby is nice. We had no real issues with the elevator. Go to the bottom level to get the elevator if you are carrying your own luggage up. Otherwise you will have to carry luggage up several steps. The room was very clean, with flat screen tv and white comforters which is a huge plus. The space good. My one and only complaint is that there is no coffee maker in the room. Starbucks is available in the lobby bar with limited hours. The hotel location is excellent. We would definitely stay again.
4	This hotel is awesome! Great location, nice clean updated rooms!!! Free valet!!! Nice restaurant!!! And awesome customer service! Everyone was so friendly and nice always saying hi and asking if we were ok. Riley is awesome really went above and beyond when checking us in and sending us a great complimentary snack for our honeymoon! Couldn't have picked a better place to stay!! We will definitely be back!!!!
5	This is a great place for a staycation!!!  It really feels like you are at a Mexican resort.  We went in July and got good use of the pool.  It is smaller, but served it's purpose of relaxation and had really attentive service.  The rooms are very nice and romantic.   They have a great lounge with live music and excellent mixologists.  I didn't get a chance to try the  restaurant, so I will definitely return for that, as I have read and heard great things.  If I remember correctly, all tips are included so no need to worry about awkwardly pulling out your wallet.  Highly recommend!
