5	I really need to write a full review, but just haven't had the time... so I will second everything in David B.'s review.  More later...
5	Alan did a beautiful job with two pieces I brought to him. It's my first framing experience in Phoenix, but I have no reason to shop around. Plus, he has very cool art installations in his lobby that make me wish, for the millionth time, that I had a couple thousand bucks lying around to spend on arte.
5	Last Christmas I bought a beautiful Jason Hill print (the Phoenix Financial Center, if you must know). I needed to get it framed to give to my boyfriend and I knew I couldn't take it to Micheal's. After searching a bit on Yelp! I came across some great recommendations for Framin Works.The gal who helped me (Catherine - sp?) was very helpful and she took the time to get a good sense of what I was looking for. I am not well-versed in the art of framing, nor do have a particularly good eye for what makes things pop. She helped me pick the perfect frame, double mats, and even ordered a special mat for me! I was a little uncertain about the frame at first, but it turned out beautifully and my boyfriend love Love LOVES it!The cost was very reasonable for framing and they even had a first-time-customer coupon on their website.The next time I need something framed, I will take it to Framin Works.
5	Alan at Framin' Works does excellent work!  I don't get things framed very often, but a friend gave me a limited edition photograph recently, and I did not want to take it to a chain shop.  The Yelpers that led me to Framin' Works are absolutely right, Alan is a pro and helped me find exactly the right materials and presentation format for my unusual photo.  I'm very picky about mats and sizing, but Framin' Works has the latest in technology - Alan set up my materials and we checked out different proportions right there on the computer screen.  It was great to know how my art would look before it was finalized, that gave me peace of mind knowing that it would be perfect when I picked it up, which it was!   As Arnold says, "I'll be back".
5	As I get older I'd like to think that my tastes are becoming more refined. That is to say, rather than having a poster tacked to the wall, I now prefer that said poster is framed. After spending a whopping ten bucks on two original photos I decided that I needed some custom framing done. Thanks to Yelp I found Framin' Works. The shop itself is a large open space with many works in progress. Alan, the proprietor, clearly knows his business. I explained what I had in mind and in no time at all I had several samples laid out. It was a painless process. I left with the understanding that he'd call when my frames were done. Several weeks later I got a very apologetic call from Alan. It would seem that while he was on vacation some of the workload fell behind. It wasn't a big deal and my photos were beautifully framed. My only dilemma now is that, though I intended to hang the photos in the bathroom, they look too good for that.
5	Alan totally helped me out a couple weeks ago when I was in a rush to get a family photo framed. I found him thanks to yelpers stating how awesome he was- and they were 100% right. He was friendly, professional, does beautiful work and for a very reasonable price. I will never go anywhere else for my framing needs again. Thanks, Alan! :)
2	Here's the thing - the customer service was excellent. As an experienced customer service supervisor, I know what good service looks like, and I felt like a valued customer. These prices, however, are ludicrous. I was given a quote on framing that ranged from $240-350. Astounded that the prices would be so high (and at an already discounted 25%, no less), I drove down the street to Hobby Lobby, where I purchased all of the materials that would have been used in framing my product. I completed the project within 45 minutes (as opposed to the week timeframe I was quoted at Framin' Works). Oh, and I paid $39. I know that the owners are trying hard and appreciate our business, but they can't expect to bring in much with those types of prices.
5	I've been into Framin' Works 3 times now - having a total of 9 pieces framed. Each time I've been extremely impressed by Alan's excellent advice on frames/mats, great service and equally excellent quality of work. Good selection of frames & mats. I highly recommend Framin' Works - all my framing work will continue to go here.
5	Found Framing' Works on Yelp...  Shop was tricky to find but once there all was good.  Alan was great to work with...patient while trying to put the perfect mat and frame together for my husband's Christmas gift.  A few weeks out, I was worried I'd left the project too late to get it back in time, but Alan said it would be done.  It was done quickly and beautifully!  Will definitely go back!
5	This store is great. Helpful and friendly. They have paper and crayons for kids. They gave me a coupon and a free print!
5	Framin' Works rocks!I was given a beautiful photo print as a gift and I quickly realized it needed a professional framing job.  I did a bit of hunting for a quality frame shop and found Framin' Works.  I stopped in with my print and was greeted by Alan.  He was extremely friendly and helpful.  We had a frame and mat picked out in no time and I left the print in his capable hands.  Upon my return to pick up the finished product I was extremely pleased with the quality of their work.  So pleased that I brought in a couple other small prints that had been packed away for years to be properly matted and framed as well.  Once again, Alan and Neil helped me make excellent framing and mat choices that really show off each piece.  I just picked them up a few days ago and they look fabulous. Professional framing done right is totally worth it.  The folks at Framin' Works really know what they are doing technically and they have a great eye for what will make your piece of art really pop.  Not to mention that I am always happy to support awesome local businesses.
5	I just went in today to have two paintings framed and they were not only great on the phone with my time constraint and getting me a cost up front, they went the extra mile when I was in the store. They let me bring in my puppy and even gave him a treat which in hot Az is a big help. They also got me a couple options of stock frame which was above and beyond. Great local business, def worth the slight drive!
5	Was referred by a family member a few years ago and they have never disappointed. Allen has always gotten my holiday framing projects done on schedule and at the highest quality. They've even coached me through sizing and canvas issues when I've enlarged photos all of which have turned out great. Take a look for yourself...
5	Found Framin Works on Yelp. and was not disappointed. I had a very large picture that needed framing. In the past, I had gone the easy route, and gone to Michaels for all my framing needs. The picture I had was so large that I decided to call them with the dimensions of the picture and tell them what I was looking to have done. The lowest prices they quoted me was almost $400, and that was with a 60%+20% off coupon!!! i decided to try Framin works, and saved over $100 off the lowest price that Michael's had quoted me. Granted, this price included a 25% off coupon, but I still thought the price was very fair. When I brought the picture in, the owner was very fair and didn't try to oversell me. He actually, told me that all I really needed for the picture was a new frame. He said the glass was fine, and that matting was in pretty good shape. I ended up replacing the matting and the frame. The finished product was great. I will definitely be back!
5	I went here to get a print mounted.Alan helped me out, I was in and out in 10 minutes and it was very affordable. Alan was nice and very helpful and enthusiastic about what he does.I will definitely be back and recommending Framin' Works to friends.
4	The Getty shows American philanthropy at it's very best. Everything about this museum is superlative: starting from the parking lot, the tram ride with the welcome by the CEO, the knowledgeable guides, the exquisite exhibits, the immaculate garden, the architecture with the stunning blue sky backdrop and the restaurant with Michelin grade food and wine. Getty protected antiquities. Hope the next generation of  AZ philanthropists protect and preserve contemporary art on this scale.
4	Even if you're not into art you will be after being here. Every hall you walk down; every little room you enter has a unique and exciting surprise. It also offers a comfortable area for lunch. And many nights there's music.
