4	This was my neighborhood Big Lots.  I bought stuff for my apartment here.  I bought gifts here.  I spend way too much time here wandering up each and every aisle waiting for the perfect thing to jump out at me.  If you've never been to a big lots, picture a Wal-Mart, squeezed down into a space not much larger than a Walgreen's.  Food, games, toys, crafts, kitchenware, cards, candles, frames, linens - all the departments are there - just much smaller.  And you could have a different grouping of stuff there every time you go - theoretically at least.  Some brands feel like they are always there, but it's hard to know which ones unless you've been going for quite a while.  To me, Big Lots is like a sport.  The competition is how good a deal you can get.  If you're willing to take a sticky bottle, dented can, or sometimes just an old label - it can be amazing.
4	I was totally surprised by this place. Went with the wife to pick up some inexpensive office furniture and the selection was really good- and they had way nicer stuff than I would have expected. The guy in the furniture department was one of the nicer I have dealt with in a department store in a long time. The cashier looked like I should be thankful that she was awake, but she rang us up right, so I guess that was all I needed. They carried out the furniture and loaded it up and to top it all off we had a 20% off coupon for the whole order so cheap became damn cheap... sweet!
4	This is by far the finest Big Lot's I've visited in the Phoenix area. If you've never been to Big Lots, prepare to be amazed! They have a little bit of everything, mostly overstocks from department stores and companies that go out of business. Towels, luggage, sheets, cutlery, furniture, food, makeup, toys and tons of other little knic-knacky stuff and it's cheap. Clean store, good selection, and the have a furniture section to boot. Sign up for their email list and get the inside scoop on special deals and promotions.
4	I like this Big Lots! I mean, it's a Big Lots, so I really don't expect it to be immaculate, all that organized and not be crowded. They do have more organization here than most and the employees look like they work really hard and are always pleasant. This location in particular has a HUGE section of kids toys that blow other places out of the water price wise. They are current and brand name toys, too. The grocery section sometimes has some gems (name brand juices and juice packets, candy, you name it). I mainly come for the cleaning supplies. They are half the price of competitors and usually just some scent or packaging that got nixed for whatever reason from larger stores. They also have a massive card section. I have seen there is a furniture and home section to the left when you walk in that looks really nice and big. I haven't gone to that side, but probably should. The parking lot is big and spacious. Give it a try! You may be surprised and your wallet will sure thank you!
5	My family and I always go to this Big Lots on our way to Roadrunner Park.  We like to stop by and get bread for the duckies and snacks and drinks for us while we enjoy the park next door.Great customer service.  Great location.
4	This store was so much FUN!! I didn't have much time to shop as I had to get home to get the girls to gymnastics!The prices are slightly misleading making it look as if it's cheaper than other stores, but their not that far off.It was fun though and I spent a lot of money in the short time I was there.They even have furniture in there. Not great quality, but others may enjoy it.I will be back and give myself at least an hour or 2 to roam the whole store next time!!!
4	I was really surprised at how much good stuff they had at Christmas. I was looking for gigantic bows and I found them there and more! The gal that stocks the place really takes pride to make sure everything is where it should be and knows it like the back of her hand. You ask, she knew exactly where it "would' be if they still had it. I will go back.
3	I love Big Lots! They have some great deals on food. We have a toddler and we get fruit pouches for a fraction of the cost here. Most of the products are not the best quality, so you have to be a bit picky. There are some great deals if you can find them, though.
5	Staff is cool, stuff is cheap, did I mention that the stuff is cheap? There really shouldn't be any reason to lower the stars for a Big Lots being a Big Lots. I hate a lot of things, this place isn't one of those things. If you're a regular, they'll definitely make you feel like one, even if you don't show for a couple months. Go in, say hello, but some stuff, repeat! It's a nice little local junk shop :)
