5	Really great food with good prices.  For the lunch special, you get free soup and an egg roll with your choice of entree.  Great service is a constant.  The decor is especially impressive, with intricate wood carvings.
4	The Thai House is the first place I ever ate Thai food, ( back when they had a location on Sharon Amity, I think it is called Inka Pollo now , so you're best bet is to hit up the Thai House at the University, same owners, same great menu.) and needless to say it was great.  I am a big fan of the Pad See Ewe; the big chunks of beef, seasoned with thick noodles, and the perfect balance of broccoli and  scrambled egg, make this one of my favorite meals. The taste, the mouth feel all combine to create a very enjoyable eating experience, not to mention the copious servings.  The Pad Thai with shrimp is very good also.  Thai House's lunch specials are really hard to beat, and whether you are dining in or taking out the service here is quick and courteous.  The restaurant is clean, with high ceilings and beautiful Thai wood carvings on the wall and as part of the central cashier station in the middle of the restaurant.  Great tasting Thai food, affordable prices, pleasant relaxing, Asian ambiance, Thai House is a winner.
4	The staff gets 5 stars. The food gets 4. I have friends who are regulars here and rave about it. Fried tofu appetizer was really nice.  Spring rolls (not fried)... not so good. I had pad thai that was decent. My husband had the pad talay (a seafood dish) that he enjoyed in the restaurant but couldn't finish the leftovers. I think he's not used to those spices- they didn't set well with him. Service is excellent! The staff is just so friendly and has a sense of humor.
3	Decent Thai food. I had a Tom Yum and the Thai Salad with Peanut sauce.I have had many Thai Salads at other restaurants which prominently feature fried cubes of tofu. These tofu bits were so miniscule (about 1 cm square) it was like when you are a kid desperately hunting for those little Lucky Charms in your cereal! They kindly brought me some additional tofu. They were also super accommodating with the Tom Yum. I asked for it vegetarian, hold the mushrooms and add rice noodles. I really appreciated how flexible they were. The coconut broth was decent but nothing to write home about. I would eat here in again when I am in town but would love to find something even more delicious. Service was good in some respects, the servers were kind and friendly but they way they laid my plates down was like someone passing a baton in a relay race. They would whizz by and just drop a bowl of something on my table without a word or without pausing to check if I needed something. I had to really wait for  a few people passing by before I was able get there attention to get that additional tofu. They seemed very preoccupied and busy although the restaurant was less than half full.
3	I've had three different experiences at the Thai House.  My first was our office holiday luncheon.  We were seated way in the back corner of the restaurant.  The food was so-so and the service was the same, I think because we had such a large group.  The second time was a two-person lunch meeting.  The service was much better, the experience better, and I got a different impression of the Thai House (especially sitting more in the highly decorated center of the room).  Based on the 2nd experience, I went there for dinner one evening with a friend of mine.  The food was a lot more pricier at night, the food average, and the service slow (when the restaurant wasn't even busy) but rushed to get you out of there once you were finished, if that makes any sense. So after three experiences (one good, two bad), I've had to determine that I can find better Thai places around town.  I will give them credit for their decor inside, though.  They're in a strip mall, but they've managed to give it that Thai feel as you walk in the door.
4	I looked in Chakalaka (charlotte) for different Thai places in the surrounding area trying to see if I could find better Thai places. Let me help you out, there ain't none! The menu is cheaper for lunches, most places in Charlotte will have lunch specials, the atmosphere is cool, very cultural. It's a very nice place for a date. They also have TVs set up, although I'm not sure that they actually show any special events, like a fight or a specific game. The food is why you want to come here. Try the padkee mao, pad Thai of coarse, any of the noodle dishes you can't go wrong! Curry is very decent. I came here almost once a month and maybe once was the service mediocre. Service is great but when you get annoying first timers they really screw up the service timing, especially when you get big groups, they are 99% time clueless. I seen it. Anyways save yourself some trouble you want good Thai food in Charlotte, this is the place.
4	The food is awesome and I love this place. You should try the fried rice with chicken or tofu, the pad thai is one of the best that I have eaten, the green and red curries are delicious. Most of the food in this restaurant is really good and good value for the price! I would highly recommend this place.
3	Solid Thai food.  Not the best i have ever had but decent that i return once a month (more or less).    Good value for the price - i found the Pad Thai to be good but nothing to write home about.  The curries are a better bet and if you like Thai food - check this place out.
4	Very good! A-
2	Service is great, fast and friendly. Decor is nice also. The food, eh is something left to be desired. I judge my Thai restaurants based on three simple dishes; Pad Thai, yellow (or masaman) curry and pad see ew. These dishes are the staple at every Thai restaurant and if they can't get these dishes right, its highly likely others wont be good. The yellow curry was thick and a little on the bland side. The Pad See Ew, was way too soy sauce tasting. It was all wrong. The pad thai I havent tried, but a friend said it wasn't great. But I can't speak about that. I haven't tried too many Thai restaurants in Clt, but I hear there are some good ones. I have only had Monsoon, this place and Siam Garden. Siam Garden has been the best. It is in south Charlotte off the 485. They are always consistent and tasty. Their prad prik king is delicious.
4	Definitely good.  Very tasty food (flavorful ALWAYS) and good service.
4	I really like Thai food and I really like this restaurant. Lunch is a great value since you automatically get soup and spring roll with your order. I love the Pad See Ew and the curry dishes. Nice decor and speedy service.
4	I've been here twice now.  On my most recent trip, I actually ended up ordering the same dish, which was the wide noodle.They have pretty decent sized servings, and also dish out a little soup.  I believe the soup varies as the first time I thought mine was creamy.  The second time mine had celery in it, which is pretty much one of two vegetables I really dislike.  I dug mine out, but finally gave up as the broth was pretty overwhelming with the celery taste.  (This is just me)..I had a thai ice tea as well, which also was pretty good.The service was always decent, the waiters/waitresses aren't very talkative, and they get a little busy at times.  (The place is usually pretty packed).I can't comment about the other dishes, but I doubt I'll switch over from what I like.  I am betting next time I'm out there I will go back for lunch again.
3	I've gone to Thai House multiple times for lunch. Service has always been quick and I have never had a bad meal. I've never had a GREAT meal either. I do want to try it for dinner to see how it is different, since I have only experienced the lunch menu.Pad thai and pad khing are good. The curries are ok but i was expecting more spice. I will chalk that up to me not asking for in more spicy.Usually, I ask for medium spicy. This has ranged from mild to hot so you're mileage WILL vary I think.If you want to err on the cautious side you can always order you're dish mild and add in the different spicy condiments that they offer.
2	If you are a Thai food lover, you probably have better then this place. I love pad thai and I don't like theirs. Its not as flavor as it should be. Everything else is just okay, but not so great and kind of pricey for the quality of the food.Service is also just okay. All in all I have yet to find a good Thai restaurant in the Charlotte area!
3	The food was OK.  The atmosphere was great.  The only thing I don't believe is they do not have garlic.  A Thai Restaurant with no garlic?  I asked for minced garlice for my Plik Nam Plah and was told they did not have.  Amazing how a restaurant especially an Asian restaurant not having one.
4	I absolutely love Thai Food. This is not the best Thai- but the place is excellent. The service is incredible. The food is yummy. The atmosphere is lovely (especially considering that it is in a strip mall). The servings are big- enough for leftovers.I still have not found a Thai restaurant in Charlotte that I absolutely LOVE. I'm still searching.
4	I was here on a Saturday for "brunch" - it was really great!  The atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice, not what I expected in a strip mall. The service was friendly and fast - having a pitcher of diet coke on my table was a happy surprise.My husband ordered chicken Pad Thai and I ordered the Namprigpaow - tofu stir-fried with veggies. I ordered "very spicy" but I couldn't taste much hot. The pepper sauce on the table was a very good addition, but would have been better cooked into the sauce. That said, the veggies were cooked beautifully.The spring roll was WONDERFUL - hot, fresh, crispy - the filling was tasty and fresh. I could have eaten several of those!Altogether, I really enjoyed the Thai House and will definitely go back.
4	San Francisco has no shortage of amazing Thai Food and we used to live literally down the street from a great place. Needless to say, when we moved to NC, it was a priority to find a good Thai restaurant. We tried a few places close to Davidson but the food was barely edible.We stumbled upon Thai House after our DMV appointment and were pleasantly surprised by the food. We regularly order the Chicken Satay, Pad See Ew, and alternate between the Red, Green, and Yellow Curry. We also really enjoy the Sticky Rice w/ Mango desert. This is the best Thai food we've had in NC so far and our "go-to" place. I'm not sure why this place is rated relatively low, but if anybody knows of better Thai food, please let me know!
4	I've gotten take out from here a bunch of times, always the Pad Thai and with either chicken or shrimp.  I don't like spicy food because I don't have a tolerance for it, so I always get the Pad Thai with no spice.  I like it.  Sometimes I will be sitting at my desk at work and get a craving and will just pick up and leave to run down the street to Thai House and its always ready w/in 5-10 minutes from when I call.  When you walk in the door the employees are always friendly, and when I leave they all thank me and wish me well.  What's not to like!!
5	Som Tum salad. Yum. It is the very best thing I've ever eaten in my whole, entire life. It's spicy. It's fruity. It's crunchy and salty and sweet and amazing. I've eaten it so many times lately that the waiters know I'm the Som Tum salad girl. I am also a fan of the mango sticky rice. I love Thai, but I think this is my favorite Thai restaurant in the whole world.
5	Best Thai food in Charlotte.  I have been going here for 9 years and It's always good.  Try the Pad Thai (Thai style) and the Som Tom (green papaya salad).  I also like the Rad Nar with seafood and the Yellow curry and the penang curry.  You can order spice level 1-4 so they will make it your spice level.  The servers are some of the sweetest and kindest people I have ever met.  I consider them family.  Beautiful souls.  Also the sweet iced tea is great.  They use Jasmine tea and it's perfect.  This place is pure love.
2	My wife really likes this place, I thought it was very generic tasting, no kick at all.
4	Nice little place tucked away in this shopping center.  Could get easily lost in the mix between the sports bars and other restaurants that are in the same complex.The interior is nicely decorated - I really felt transported away from Charlotte.  I couldn't tell you if it was authentic or not, but it felt nicely done.I had the Kang Masaman Curry which was delicious.  At medium heat, it gave just enough numbing to the lips that it was enjoyable and not painful.  My friends also split an order of fried pot stickers which were really good.Overall, had a good first experience here.  Wish I had found out about this place sooner - The service could use some ramping up (they weren't really busy, but it seemed like our waitress took a while to come check on us and for refills).
4	Thai House is really a Thai house once you walk inside. It's neatly decorated with Thai ornaments with wood panellings and carvings and a traditional Thai music is piped in. Fried spring rolls for appetizer tasted good but the sweet and sour sauce that came with it was too sweet. We always get Pad Thai everytime we are in a Thai restaurant. That has become one of my basis to initially gauge what has yet to come. And it tasted alright although it was on the border of being too sweet. The green curry was a delight! Light creamy sauce and a bit spicy. You should try it. We also had the King and I, shrimp in a sweet and salty sauce with brocolli, red and green onions. It was good but not my favorite. So far, this is my favorite of all Thai restaurants we've ever been. Will come back to sample more dishes.
4	Soooo... the gaggle reunited again for a Thai experience...  It did not fail. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly... check their pants out when you go... and YOU'RE WELCOME!  Can you say a mash up between a genie and MC Hammer!  They're awesome!  My dinner was fantastic!  I'm not going to lie...  Any dish can be made veggie friendly and that's exactly what I did with the eggplant something or nother! (Can't remember the name)  Not an single gaggle-member was dissatisfied with their meals.  I can tell by the empty plates!  Plenty of food for decent prices.  Definitely will be going back!  Get the medium if you want a little bit of a kick and if you venture for spicier... Good luck! :)
4	Overall a great experience at the Thai house with my fellow yelpers...everyone loved their dish (and the variety on the menu was huge).  The 'mild' spice had a lot of kick to it and I'd definitely recommend that if you want some zing to your dish, but don't want to leave with your mouth on fire.  The wait staff at first was very attentive and their dress was pretty awesome, some crazy colors for sure!  As the dinner wore on, I think our waiter forgot our table existed, another waiter, after almost 30 min realized we had never received our check and promptly brought it to us - I was beginning to think a free meal was in the making!  Great company, great atmosphere, and great food...a solid 4 star rating from me.
3	Decor is gorgeous, very dark, lots of carved wood and imported artifacts. Service is demure and attentive and very, very quick. Prices are pretty high by my standards but not so much by CLT's - a dollar or two more a dinner entree than, say, Monsoon or Viet-Thai.But let's be honest, Kids, this is white-i-fied Thai.As in - sweeeeeet to an extreme and no 5 on the heat scale. Or even a 4. They kinda hit 3 when we got our curry "Thai hot" and, well, ya.Pepper plate at every table was a nice touch - most of the time you need to request it. Presentation was lovely - our papaya salad came out on a cross between a cake stand and a hot pot, neeeet (note to veggies - it swims in fish sauce, so make your choice). But if you're me, and obsessive about curry, it's gotta be stellar to earn the stars. And while TH's has a great variety of vegetable matter it lacks a deepness of flavor and that all important punch of heat it needs to transcend.  Still, not a bad spot for a casual dinner or even a date. Just don't come expecting a perfect, traditional plate of curry (which I did, and was). And stay away from the noodles unless you like things dessert-sweet.
4	Thai House is the only place I will get Pad Thai in Charlotte!  I wish I was more sophisticated about Thai food because I would have more to say about the rest of the menu.  I was so thrilled when Thai House said they were opening a location at the EpiCentre - ug that was supposed to be a year ago and havent heard a peep about it since.  Sad Face!!!!  if it was closer I would abandon my staple eats and branch out to try more of the menu.  This location however has gorgeous interior and the wait staff is so courteous I am thanking them every time I see them.  Thai House please open uptown too!!!  I will be your Number One Customer!!!  :-D
4	I loved the food at the Thai House!  I ordered the pad thai with medium spice and it was delicious.  I like my food spicy hot and medium spice at most places is still not quite enough but medium at the Thai House really has some kick!  My original intentions were to eat half of my plate and take the rest home but it was so good I couldn't stop eating.  By time I was finished there wasn't enough left over to mess with taking home.The decorations were almost a little cheesy and the waiters were wearing funny baggy pants uniforms.  The service was decent until we reached the end of our meal and had to wait for what seemed like 15 minutes or more to get our bill.  I think our original waiter left and our new waiter wasn't sure what to do with our table, but he eventually figured it out.  Fortunately we had good company and didn't mind the long wait for our bill.  I will definitely be back for the pad thai!
4	This place has the best Thai food in town. I love the ambiance as well.
4	This is a good standby Thai alternative. It's not the best, nor is it the worst. The staff is very good, the food was fine...and I like the woodwork, cheesey or not! If I am near UNCC and craving Thai...this is where I go!
4	I just went back here after a long "break" -- it had probably been at least two years.  Happy to report that the Duck Panang is as delicious as it always has been.  I'm one of those people that goes to a place for a food.  If I want Duck Panang, I go to Thai House, even though they have other things that are good too.  Maybe that's a mistake, but that's how I roll.  Anyway, it's very cute when the waiters bring your Duck Panang to the table inside a little clay duck dish, and quack at you as they deliver it.  This is a good, solid Thai option in the University area.
2	Thai house was good but not the best thai place I have had. I had the red curry chicken medium and it didn't seem to be spicy enough for being medium. Also it was pretty expensive.
4	Yellow curry is delicious. Look for the "country soup." Chicken in all dishes was cooked very well, which was surprising for shredded cuts. For the less adventurous, try the Thai Sweet and Sour shrimp.
3	I've had Thai House in my Yelp bookmarks for a long, long time. You see, I love Thai food and I've heard really wonderful things about this spot. Finally when I had a meeting in University I jumped at the chance to grab some lunch here. The Good: The service was incredible fast (scary fast), efficient and friendly. Water glasses were kept full and I felt welcomed at all times. The restaurant, albeit a bit dark, was quite clean and definitely crowded for the lunch rush (always a good sign). Prices were affordable and spot on for the Thai fare offered. The Meh: My Pad See Ew was just ok. It had a nice spice to it (I asked for spice level three) but it was lacking in noodles. And it's a noodle dish. Maybe I just got the runt of the pad see ew litter, but there was twice as much chicken as noodles. Taste wise it was fine but nothing to really write home about. As for the gratis sweet & sour soup that comes at the beginning of the meal - frankly I'm never a fan of that soup in general, so it's not so fair to judge it here. Overall it was a fine meal, but I'm not rushing back to Thai House. If I find myself hankering for pad thai or curry while rolling around University, I'd definitely give it another go.
4	Good food at a fair price. The seafood pad tai was great.
3	The food is great but smiling waiter told me they do not have minced garlic.  What kind of a restaurant does not have minced garlic?  Of course they do cook with garlic.  Had to go to the grocery store and buy my own garlic and lime juice to bring in the restaurant.
3	Solid place to stop for lunch if you're jonesing for some Thai food. I love the inside-it's very dim and intimate with asian artifacts and plants. Service was kinda meh, I had to flag one of the 13 servers down just to get a glass of water. Then, I ordered the lunch special pad thai which comes with soup if you're dining in and the soup never came out. However, they redeemed themself with the pad thai. Even though it was lunch, it was clearly enough for two people so I took a few bites and then boxed up the rest to go. Two meals for $7? Works for me!
4	Very good Thai food. Over price and small portions.
4	One of the few restaurants I really liked in the University area.  Service was good.  They were very attentive, but it was slow.  Very nice decor.Vegetarian friendly like all Thai places.  I wish they had their menu online so I could remember the name of what I had.  I am always excited when I see a vegetarian item on a Thai menu that I haven't seen before, so that's what I got.  Not sure what it was called, but it was grilled eggplant with basil and veggies. I pretty much stopped ordering eggplant at restaurants unless it was deep-fried, because every time I got eggplant grilled, baked, etc., even at white tablecloth places, it was not done and not very good.  But I wanted to see what the Thai take on eggplant was, and it was delicious!!!  Perfectly grilled, and great by itself, but excellent with the basil veggies.  I would still be hesitant about ordering it some place else, but would definitely have it again here.The main reason I'm not giving this place full stars is that it was kind of pricey.  I mean pricey in general for Thai, but considering that it is the only Thai place in the university area, really pricey.  This kind of upset me, as most college students aren't exactly rolling in the dough yet.Still, very good.  Recommended for a date or with family.
5	I love this restaurant. I go there for lunch often and the staff and owner are great. The food is excellent and keeps me coming back for more. The Krapraw is excellent.
3	08/20/11Still enjoying the carved woodwork.  Was still full from BBQ lunch, so I only ordered the fried tofu salad, while sisters and BIL split a couple of delicious-looking entrees.  I really enjoyed my salad-- the peanut salad dressing was almost addicting!Prompt and courteous service, w/out the snobbery we've encountered in other recent jaunts.  Maybe we'll go back for a proper meal before we leave for home...
5	I love Thai House, everything I've gotten was delicious! The staff is also more than willing to adjust the spiciness of an entree, or adjust a meal for vegetarians. My favorites (so far) have been the Pad Se Ew and yellow curry. Their springrolls (I ask for vegetarian ones although they normally come with chicken) are excellent.
4	Our fave go-to Thai place. My bf loves their pork fried rice. Good menu - pretty good padthai. It's actually the best in Charlotte, but I have high expectations. Their green curry is good too, but sometimes has too much fish sauce in it...
3	Let's start by bottom lining it:  it's good food, authentic Thai but nothing "exceptional" and as other reviewers have noted, it's expensive for Thai.The woodwork is beautiful.  I disagree with the reviewer who though the decor was cheesy.  I've spent plenty of time in Thailand and the carved woodwork is very authentic.The service was quirky.  Everyone was very kind, smiling and eager to please... but not really around that much.  It wasn't really slow exactly; it was just a little "odd" somehow.  Again, very sweet staff, just a little scarce.The food:  I had my old stand-by Red Curry Chicken and it was good.  I've taken to ordering my food at That restaurants I don't know as "mild" and then asking for the Fish Sauce with Chili's to spice it up.  Their fish sauce chili was fresh and authentic.  The curry was very good.  Chicken was tender and not overcooked, as can too often be the case.I also had the "Tod Mon" appetizer which was actually VERY good.  Tod Mon (actually Tod Mon Pla) is a "fish cake" which if you haven't tried them before might not sound that good.  They are very nice. Served with a sweet-spicy cucumber and crushed peanut dipping sauce, they were really good, and their sauce was unique, having larger chunks of cucumber than I usually see. (If you go somewhere and see Tod Mon Goong; that's the same thing with shrimp instead of fish and that is really delicious.)As I said about Monsoon Thai, I felt somehow disappointed in general.  I just don't like spending north of $20 bucks for a Thai appetizer and entree.  My favorite Thai places are usually small, "mom & pop" type places, rather inexpensive with awesome food.  So while the food was definitely good, and I would order both items again, it just irks me that they charge so much here. I'm NOT saying that "$20 bucks is expensive;just that it seems expensive for Thai food compared to what I'm used to.)Having just relocated from Nashville where I had several really awesome places with excellent food and very inexpensive prices, I don't like, as other reviewers have commented, paying these prices.Go.  You won't be disappointed but you'll pay a little more than (I think) you shouldPS- My yardstick is a little street vendor at the head of Khao San Road in Bangkok.  I also cook my own Thai which has caused my Thai friends to suggest I open my own restaurant.  I can tell ya - that AIN'T gonna happen.   I just mention it to say, I've had the real deal; made the real deal  and that's what I compare to anything I have at a restaurant here.I'm still looking for a Thai place "to die for" here in Charlotte.  You can be sure I'll post it when I (hopefully) find it.
5	We love Thai House at University.We've done dinner and lunch here. Lunch prices are more reasonable of course but portion sizes are good for both meals.I cannot eat peanuts but there is lots on this menu that works for me.  I've had shrimp, chicken and vegetarian meals here. I love the hot jasmine tea. The staff here is very gracious, as I have found all Thai people I've known. They are efficient without being in the way regarding refills, clearing dishes, etc. We seem to get the same waiter for 75% of our visits.The food is filling though everything I've ordered has seemed light.The booths are comfy. I've sat at a table once. I don't like tables, here or any where.Soothing decor, cool waitstaff uniforms.All around, an enjoyable dining experience.
4	Best Pad Thai I've ever had (so far) and, believe me, I'm on a hunt. The atmosphere was beautiful, the servers were friendly and attentive. Too bad I live thousands of miles away. The yellow curry was pretty tasty, too.
4	I must disclose I have only ever been here for lunch (several times). It makes for a very relaxing place to eat. The dim lighting, fancy wood carvings, and kind waiting staff provide good atmosphere.They do a great job with their tofu! Also the veggies, the sauces, the rice... yep, they have been solid (tasty) every time. It's definitely not the best Thai, however it's consistency and atmosphere make it a four.
2	Price is reasonable, service is good, food average. I eat at alot of Thai restaurants but this Pud Thai is drenched in a soup like very sweet sauce that doesn't resemble the flavor or texture of authentic Pud Thai. Otherwise everything else is average.
5	This place is probably one of my favorite places to go in the area.First thing, The decor in this place is amazing.  There is a gazebo looking top on the bar made out of wood that has a lot of detailed carvings.  There is other wood carvings around the place but the one over the bar is the most impressive.  The atmosphere at Thai House is very relaxed and quiet.Sometimes you can find a coupon on restaurants.com.  There is a $50 minimum that does not include alcohol.  The last time I used a coupon, I went with only my girlfriend and we ended up getting a lot of food to cover it.  I really enjoyed that because I got to try a lot of different food.  Spring rolls are good but I would like to see some fresh cold spring rolls.  The potstickers are good.  They are different.  They are wrapped in wonton skins.  I was really impressed with the Thai House Salad.  Very light and refreshing.  If your new to Thai food I recommend the Masaman Beef, a great choice here.  If you want something a little different the roasted duck is very good with a solid presentation.  If you want something light you can get the noodle soup (Pho).  I am not sure if this traditional Vietnamese dish is also a Thai dish but it is good, especially if your stomach is a little upset.Like I said earlier very calm relaxing place to eat.  Sometimes the service is not as good when they are busy.  Weekdays are good.  The staff is very friendly.  When my duck was brought out the waiter was quietly quacking.  By the way, there is no liquor, only beer and wine.
5	Best Thai food I've had in Charlotte!My absolute favorite thing here is their Tom Yung Koong soup.  If you have never had it before, it's a spicy lemon grass based broth with shrimp, mushrooms and tomatoes.  It also has hot chili oil in it, and I think white pepper.  It starts out spicy, but by the time you're at the bottom of the bowl it's downright hot!  But, it's DELICIOUS, so if you like spicy and flavorful food you've got to try it.I've only had a couple of other dishes here and the standout was crispy duck.  Their presentation is really nice, as well as the food being tasty and the decor really let's you know you're in a Thai restaurant.  The service has always been good the times I've been.The prices are about middle of the road, in my book.  I would not say they're cheap, , but the quality of the food is really high, so I don't mind paying a bit more for a great meal.  People go here in jeans and t-shirts, but it is a really nicely decorated place with good atmosphere, so I wouldn't rule it out if you're looking for someplace for a nice dinner outing.
3	Food is not as consistant but its alright for a quick lunch. Service is so-so. Food is not worth the bad service! Lol
2	The beckoning smells from the Thai house have made me want to try this place out for years. A few coworkers were raving about this place so I finally decided to give try it out.The decor was festive but very dark. My friend and I were seated really close to the front door, but I didn't mind that too much. We were greeted quickly and our waitress was very kind. The menu was overwhelming and went on for pages. I'm no Thai expert so I was sure what to eat. I thought about the traditional Pad Thai but ended up ordering this eggplant stir fry and a soup. My friend went with the green curry. Our soup was odd. The broth was very bland. My eggplant wasn't cooked very well and one of the spices dominated the dish.  I'll give the Thai House one more shot, but I'll have to eat a recommended dish.
4	This has been a staple of the University area for a long time. They have all of the standard Thai fair, and everything I've ordered over the years has been delicious. Lunch and dinner both start with a small bowl of a wonderfull light soup, not salty or overpowering in any way, almost delicate in taste. If you feel like it and it is available order the mango desert, it's truly something to savor, sweet without being sickening and light, but isn't the whole point of Thai cuisine to be light and tasty. The only reason I'm not giving this a 5 star is becaust the mango dessert is not always available ... booo
5	Visit Charlotte on business every two months and have to hit Thai house. Pad Thai noodles are outstanding.   Can't recommend anything else because I get the same thing every time.
2	I love thai food but I'm not a big fan of the flavors from this restaurant. The pad thai tasted very different from any pad thai I had before, and I always try the pad thai at any thai restaurant. The panang curry was very soupy, again a very different flavor and kind of bland. The service is great but unfortunately the food not so good in my opinion.
1	I will have to say the food wasn't the issue, although it wasn't that great to begin with and the price is a little much, the issue was with the service. We were a table of 6 and seated right in front of the cashier, so I'm sure they were aware we were there. However, we didn't get any service until repeated attempts to gain one of the multiple servers attention. Once we finally got service the server was extremely rude and rushing us to order. One person was not ready so he said "never mind, I'll come back later" and I was not happy. I told him there were other people ready to order. He saw I had a Restaurant.com coupon and he immediately grabs the Brunch menus out of our hands and says "Coupon is only for dinner." I said, "the coupon does not say that, but that is fine, we will not use it." He still continues to try to get us to order off the dinner menu when I say excuse me, no. He finally gives us back the brunch menu and tries to again walk away when I said please stop, we are ready to order. He asks if everyone wants water, which I instantly reply "no" and he takes those orders. Once one person is done with a number on the brunch item he walks away, even though they aren't done ordering. I have to tell him to stop and slow down several times during the order process. After we are done ordering he asks for the drink orders again and I was just upset at that point. My Mom ordered hot water and when they brought the drinks out, they put them on the edge of the table and said "pass it down". No hot water. I asked three different people and we received the water after we receive the brunch, which they again, left on the edge of the table for us to pass down to each other. After our brunch is served, they serve our appetizers.With that type of service, if they actually let me use my coupon, I still would never come back.
4	Pretty decent place. The food was above average, but the wait staff was very helpful and polite. I thought their outfits looked pretty funny. The waiter said it is the original outfit that waiters used to wear in Thailand over 100 years ago. Pricing was fair with ample parking
3	I haven't had a meal at Thai House that wasn't good, but I constantly run into the same problem.  Order my food "Thai Hot. As spicy as you'll make it" and i end up with, " Kinda spicy, but not so much that i wouldn't give it to a kid." I know I dont look like I can take it, but don't mess with mama's spicy food. She doesn't take kindly. Also, the potstickers are oddly grainy.That being said, the soup is great and i love the flavor on the Pad Kee Mao & Kra Prow. Thai House is a great standby and if I'm up that way it's a good contender, but rarely will I pass up closer, spicier Thai places to head there.
5	Awesome Thai!!  Whenever I am in town I like to go visit Thai House for some amazing food.  The staff here is great, always going out of their way to make the experience perfect.  Ask them to bring the spices tray to the table, mix the chili sauce in with the dish and wham you have something awesome.  I can truly say, that I wish I could find a Thai restaurant this good back home.
3	Thai food can be one of the most fragrant, delicious cuisines with all sorts of spices playing well together.  That being said, this restaurant is not the best example of how good Thai food can be. It is not necessarily bad either, just the consistency is not there. You can have a great meal one night and a mediocre one the next.  The best thing there are the curries by far.  They pretty much always taste he same.  H problem comes in with the stir fry dishes.  The can be good or bad depending on the day.  The service is not bad but can be kind of indifferent.  I have had a hard time finding a great Thai restaurant in Charlotte.
3	Thai cuisine is without a doubt one of my favorite types of restaurants to visit. In most cases the dishes are prepared with spices that are unique to the owner's personal recipes. I believe that spicy Thai dishes are far more healthy for you too. I was recently in Charlotte, North Carolina and paid a visit to Thai House (University) for dinner. As other reviewers have pointed out, the decor is exceptionally ornate with teak wood carvings and a wait staff dressed in colorful and traditional costumes. Being a resident of South Florida has given me an opportunity to sample many Thai restaurants. I think that the weather must be similar to Bangkok, because each year more and more Thai restaurants seem to open up. Regardless, I was eager to try Thai House. I began with an ice cold Sing-Ha beer and a small bowl of chicken rice soup. The soup was served steaming hot and had a generous amount of chicken that was flavored nicely with celery and cilantro. Yes...cilantro! Not just for making salsa anymore! In other Thai restaurants, I have had this soup with basil or mint, and those are good too. The high temperature allowed the flavors to blend and create a very delightful and flavor rich soup. I was favorably impressed. Next, came my entree, chicken with mixed vegetables & cashews that was served with white jasmine rice. I ordered the dish 4-stars hot expecting that would be an adequate amount of spiciness. Wrong. The dish was in fact spiced with various bell and hot peppers, but no where near the heat index commonly found in other Thai restaurants that I have become accustomed to. Too bad. The reason might be that the locals simply do not prefer more traditional levels of Thai spice, and I understand that. Higher levels of spiciness come from a gradual and acquired level of exploration and comfort. Although it is very possible to overdo it, when you do find your "heat threshold" it is hard to accept less for some reason. My entree was fresh and and presented with cleverly cut carrots in the shape of flower petals. Besides the entree not having much of a spice-kick, the cashews were over cooked, and were too soft. Still, a generous portion by any standard. I usually order dessert, but this night I did not. The bottom line is I liked Thai House enough to recommend it. After only one visit my review is based on a single entree and soup. In other words, my report deserves more visits than I could provide, but at least it seems like a good choice based on my limited experience and overall impression. One last thing to consider. Thai House is kind of expensive for restaurants of the shopping center variety. True, I don't pay their rent, and Thai restaurants are not as common as other choices in Charlotte, so it is kind of a novelty. Give it a try, and judge for yourself. It's also a good ambiance for couples and families.
3	Meh. Food was very good - I ordered the pad woon sen with chicken - but I'm knocking off a star for service and a star for price.Spent a lot of time in Thai Town in LA and I've been to Thailand, so I know how amazing Thai hospitality can be and how inexpensive the food is. At Thai House, the host was friendly, but the bartender who I ordered a beer and my to-go order from was kinda surly. Food was great and plentiful, but my order of glass noodles and a Singha set me back $18.Not worth going back to.
5	We loved the food. It was spicy but not hot. They can adjust the heat level up to 4 or 5. The service was great!  The food came out quickly and  hot. If we lived here we would go often.  Dinner for two was $38.00 with tax.
4	I had lunch here today with a friend... I had the Pad Thai(Thai style) Wednesday lunch special.  YUM YUM... and the spinach & chicken pot stickers were yum also.  Definite spot to visit when you are in the University area and in the mood for Thai food.
5	I have been a loyal Thai House customer since they had their first location on Sharon Amity. I'm a vegetarian and they have a wonderful selection of food for vegetarians. I usually get the deep-fried veggie spring rolls, which are the best that I've ever tasted. I have tried to find other spring rolls that are equivalent or better but after hundreds of spring rolls tried, I still have yet to find any. The vegetable tempura is also a favorite. As far as main courses go, I usually get the vegetarian Rad Nar. Its a mix of thick chewy (but not in a bad way) wide rice noodles, veggies and tofu in a brown sauce. Again, I've never found anything comparable. Especially if you drizzle some of the brown sauce over some white rice. DELICIOUS. Their Thai iced tea is also pretty good- sweet, creamy and delicious. This is one of several places in Charlotte that I would be devastated over if they were to close completely. I couldn't imagine a world without my spring rolls and Rad Nar.
4	Gotta judge a thai place by it's pad Thai.. It's really good here. A bit spendy but good food. Their green curry and satay are both good
5	We go here quite often, both for lunch and dinner.  Food is always top-notch, fresh, tasty, tender, hot, large portions.  Wait staff is friendly and efficient.
5	Service is superb! Entire wait staff is very attentive and efficient. Food presentation is nice. You have to specify brown rice if you want it because they seem to push the white rice, especially on take-out. Green chicken curry was very tasty... Sauce a bit thin, but still good. Namprigpaow was excellent. I will definitely return.
5	When I am in the University area and I'm craving some Asian cuisine, this is normally the place I go to. I have yet to try every dish on the menu, but everything that I have had has been delicious. The waitstaff is always very nice and the wait time for food is not long at all. I tend to go here only for dinner though since the lunch menu is smaller.
5	YUM!
4	Very prompt and friendly service.
5	Best Thai food in Charlotte
3	I like this place, they have good food. I go there a lot since its so close to my job. Their service could be better, but overall is a good experience.
4	Some have knocked the service here but on our visit the staff bent over backwards for us. They were attentive but not overbearing.The food was good. We had the tom sum (papaya salad) and it was plentiful and tasty. Not as spicy as I have had at other places, but flavorful. The panang duck was tasty as well - nice thing about duck is it is fattier than chicken so can take some overcooking, and I think mine was a bit over. It was complimented by plentiful broccoli, carrots, and snow peas. The sauce had a good level of heat for me - which is to say, spicy but not too spicy. I asked for 2 on their 4 star heat scale.The prices are a bit higher than I find in Winston-Salem, but the restaurant is between the Carolina Medical Center and UNCC so I would expect to pay more and the portions are generous.I would definitely go back if I find myself in the area again.
4	Some friends and I were in town for the weekend and we tried Thai House on a whim, even though the reviews were so-so.  We went for lunch at around 1:30 on a Saturday and were immediately seated.Our booth was roomy, and the decor was a little more festive than other Thai places I've been to. Our service was good - the waiter was very nice and kept my glass filled, so no complaints here.We each ordered lunch specials, which come with a spring roll and soup. The soup didn't do much for me - I assumed (which is my fault) that it would be a creamy tom kha-type soup, but what we got instead was vegetables in a clear broth. The soup wasn't bad by any means, it just wasn't great. I could take it or leave it. The spring roll was good, though. Crispy, not too greasy, meatless filling.I can't speak for what my companions had, but I ordered the Pad Krapraw with chicken and it was pretty tasty. I'd give it 3.5 stars. At Thai restaurants I haven't been to before, I always get medium spice instead of hot just in case it's a place that is generous with the chili peppers, and I'm glad I did here because the medium was quite hot. Not, like, blisters on the insides of my cheek hot or anything, but it wasn't a medium. I'm okay with that though, since I like my food on the kicky side. The rest of the dish was perfectly spiced too - you could tell the basil and onions were there, but they didn't overwhelm the dish. This was the third day in a row I'd had Thai food (I was on a kick, okay?), and even on top of that, this place was still good. So overall, four stars for me. I'd go again the next time I came to Charlotte.
4	My favorite Thai restaurant in Charlotte! Dine in or carry out the staff is very courteous and friendly. They know my wife and I and what we order. Prices are great and fast service.
5	Authentic Pad Thai!  The jasmine sweet tea is great!  Highly recommended!
4	I was in Charlotte for work and wanted to try some of the options of a larger city (than were I currently live at least).  I went here with a co-worked and had an amazing good meal.  We based our decision off other Yelp reviewers and lie normal - the yelpers were on to a good thing.  I believe this restaurant serves very authentic Thai food and many people coming and going throughout the night seemed like regulars as the staff knew them, which is always a good thing. Overall it's great food, nice atmospher, and worth a visit!
5	Best Thai food in the University area! I may be biased since I basically grew up my entire life going to this restaurant, but the food and service is impeccable. The restaurant is designed and decorated as if we were in a Thai restaurant in Thailand, which makes the mood and ambiance so relaxing and much more enjoyable.Anything on the menu is great, but the pad-see-ew and fried rice (both with chicken) are two of my favorite dishes here. You won't be disappointed with either one! Also get their deep fried egg rolls as an appetizer - so good! Try the Thai iced tea as well - best drink to have there!Staff are always on point with their service and will provide an exceptional experience. Try it out - you'll want to go back all the time!
5	We tried this place yesterday and it was fabulous.  The food was wonderful and the service was attentive and friendly.  I had Sweet and Sour Chicken which was Great and my friends had Pad Thai which they loved.  I will be back.  We went for lunch so the prices were not too bad but it did look like dinner might be expensive.  HOWEVER, this is one of the few places that the food is well worth the money.  Kudos to That House for one of the best meals I have had since moving to Charlotte!
4	Love this place! Staff is super friendly and work fast during the lunch and dinner rush. Food is amazing. The satay is my favorite appetizer and it's much better than the one at Thai Taste. They always give you a mountain of food, especially when you get take out. If you love Thai food, definitely come here!
4	My first impression upon walking in was mixed. I asked to be at at a table with an outlet so I could charge my phone (the curse of the digital age) and it was done promptly. However, after noticing a Wi-Fi connection, I asked and they just informed me that it isn't public. It is their prerogative, yes, but for people like me (business traveler) that is usually a negative, so I'm deducting one star for it. I ordered the tofu basil rolls and the chicken pad kapraw (mild) with brown rice. The rolls were fresh and the peanut side was perfect. The pad praw was tasty, although a bot greasyOverall a nice experience. I will return if the decide to revise their WiFi policy
4	Placed a pick up order though I wish I ate on site; the decor is warm and inviting.  The chu chee was delicious!  If I am in town again I will definitely eat here and try more of the menu.
4	Extremely friendly staff delicious food great prices. Cozy atmosphere. One of my favorites in clt.
1	The only good thing right here is the taste of the food is good. That's it.There are several bad things you need to pay attention to:1. Be attention to your bill. They may charge your disinfectant smell ice water as a coke.2. Be attention to whether they have served you all the food you ordered. For example, they didn't  serve me the soup in the combo until I asked a waiter to do it.3. Be attention if you are a uncc student and you want to get a uncc discount. This place is the only one that asks all the guests to provide the uncc id to get a discount. So you should be attention that if you want to get the discount, remember to ask all your friends to bring the uncc id with them.Overall, if you can't live without curry, you have to come here because they have the best curry in the area. However, if you can live without curry, my suggestion is to avoid this place.
5	I guess you could call us "regulars" here. I have been eating here for ten years now and have never been disappointed. The food is excellent, the service is wonderful and friendly. You are always seated promptly, greeted with big Tai smiles from a waitstaff wearing traditional Tai garb. Try the squid salad. To the reviewer who complained about no free WiFi here, I say "Great! I love that this is a place to enjoy your food experience, NOT spending time on your laptop or smart phone."  If you want to eat and do your work online,  then go to a place like Panera, that encourages that kind of thing. If you are interested in a great Tai dining experience, then come here!
2	Okay - perhaps I am biased having moved here from Southern California... The dishes appear normal, but the flavor profile was really off, like the difference between filtered and tap water. One tastes great; the other has a funk to it. The soup base is definitely unfiltered city water. This restaurant just serves food that tastes funky. How some of these posts have five star reviews is suspect. Avoid if you can.
4	First time in Charlotte, first stop in this store, Nice food and service! Will come again
3	I'm not much of a Thai lover but this place hit the mark for me.  I enjoyed my Pad Kadapow?  I forget how to spell it.  To start the lunch, they serve a nice soup and then followed up with my entree and it was piping hot tempature wise.  I chose chicken as my protein and to be honest I was a little surprised it came out as ground chicken and not little tenders as I expected.  Maybe that's just the style of the dish, again, I'm not a Thai lover so my knowledge of the dishes is very limited.The interior is actually very nice in here with nice wood carvings and a bit better than a lot of the other Thai resturants I've visted.  The staff were super efficient and quick to the table for our water, food and checks.  I would certainly make another visit sometime.
5	Awesome Thai spot! Great service and great food! Anytime in Charlotte I make sure to find time to eat here.
5	Ok, I usually have to try the pad Thai to officially evaluate a place but I got the Tom Yum soup and yellow curry and it was the best I've ever eaten. I have moved around a bit and am new to the area. I don't have to go anywhere else, this is my new spot!
5	My server never forgets my family and I. Always makes us feel welcomed, and the service is superb.
5	Best pad thai in Charlotte. Also, the royal seafood green curry is the best curry I have ever had in my life. It had New Zealand green lipped mussels, scallops, white fish, shrimp, squid, etc. All the mussels on it were female, which I think taste better. There was an orange on the side to squeeze over it. OH BABY! ....It is not the westernized curry we tend to picture. This spicy green curry was thinner, aromatic, and had a touch of complexity without becoming muddy.Our waitress was from Thailand and I asked her a bit about Khao Lak, Phi Phi, and Pattaya, etc. She was very nice. Don't really have much else to say. Only downside is that it's located in UNIVERSITY.
4	I love coming to eat here. Good atmosphere, good food, friendly and professional staff. All lunch specials comes with a cup of  soup which is delicious! The Pad Thai and Basil fried rice is a must. Definitely one of the best Asian restaurants in the area.
3	Thai house is solid Thai food in a slightly inconvenient location.Pros:-Good Thai food.  Try the green curry, pad kee mow, pad thai, thai iced tea/thai iced coffee-Fast service and polite staff-Ambiance is superb. Most other asian restaurants in the area have no thematic decor/ambient lighting/music-Wait staff have interesting traditional uniforms-Outstanding Groupon/restaurants.com dealsCons:-Parking is a pain in that town center.-Certain servers have thick accents.-Speed is inconsistent.  Sometimes entrees come out before appetizers.-Easy to rack up a big bill here.  Bills are comparable to Basil in uptown... but this area is University.
5	Out in Charlotte for work and I spent a good bit of money the night before at Capital Grille (which was a total waste at the charlotte location!), so I came here looking for even decent Thai on a lower budget. Thai House at University hit the nail on those expectations. Above average Thai for a good price. Thai food lovers have a pretty great option here near the University.Food: I had the Pad Kee Mow beef (like Drunken Noodles) and it was terrific.
5	Always great service! Favorite go to dishes are the pad Thai and padseeawee. Family style eating is probably best to take advantage of the different dishes and vibrant Thai foods! Their papaya salad is very very spicy!! Make sure you can take the heat!
5	Excellent service! Staff was very attentive and polite. I had the yellow curry (chicken), cucumber salad, and thai iced tea. I will be back to enjoy some pad thai soon!
1	Stopped by half an hour before closing time by myself (not a big group or anything). Was turned away because supposedly the cook has left already.
1	Not sure why this place has such a high rating. Perhaps some of their food is good but what I and the rest of my party ordered was dry and just covered in a layer of chilli/curry powder. Wouldn't go back ever again.
4	Lunch special for roughly $8 per person prior to tax and tip.  All 3 in our group enjoyed the pad Thai.  University area of Charlotte in a plaza near Walgreens.  My wife also enjoys the Potak soup.
4	Very good food, nice atmosphere, good service, and they even wear traditional ethnic "a-THAI-er"!
4	This place was recommended by one of my friend's sister that lived in Charlotte. Great recommendation! I liked it a lot more than I thought I would.  We went on--I think--a Wednesday which they have a lunch special for pad thai. I ended up getting the chicken pad thai special and it was delicious! You have to mix the entire plate including pepper and sugar in order to get the full taste! They also gave us a chicken soup appetizer which was also pretty good. The waitresses and waiters were nice, but we were being waited on by like 3 different people ..? I didn't mind it much though, just confusing. The pricing wasn't too bad either. For really good thai food, it was pretty cheap! Oh and if you can't find parking right in front of the restaurant, there's a whole big parking deck behind and on top where you can take the stairs or elevator.
5	Love this place. I was looking for an excellent Thai restaurant in Charlotte and I have found it. The food is delicious and cooked traditionally. We had the spring rolls, Pad Khing, Pad Thai, and Green Curry, all with tofu. Yummy!  I've eaten a lot of Thai food and even cook it sometimes. Thai House gets it right. The service it top notch. They are friendly, polite, and tentative. I really feel like they value their customers. It is decorated beautifully with lots of ornate wood work, they have good taste.  Our family will definitely be back and we will bring out of town guests here as well. Bravo Thai House!
5	Great first experience here. Food came out extremely fast and was good quality. I got a brunch special (weekends 12-3pm) of Chicken Pad See-Ew which came with soup and a spring roll. The soup had veggies and rice in a clear broth and was simple but perfect to tide me over until my entree arrived. I also got a Thai iced tea which was a bit sweet but overall filled my craving. Service was polite but not super friendly. Overall a good experience.
5	This place is the best- the staff is so friendly and the chicken pad thai lunch special is a  delicious deal.
5	Great service and incredible food. Our family had a couple of the curries and noodle dishes. We then got the mango sticky rice, which was 100% worth trying. There was absolutely nothing to complain about from the entire experience. We will be back!
4	Great food and service. We really enjoyed the red and green curry dishes along with the Pad Thai.
4	Solid.. good food, good service. I've had better thai, but for Charlotte, it's very good.
3	When I walked into Thai House, I found it darker and much busier than expected for a Wednesday lunch. Nonetheless, I was seated immediately to wait for a friend.  The servers that helped me didn't speak much English but they were very friendly and attentive.  The lunch menu was short and simple. Very cheap and all looked scrumptious.  I had the dish with sweet and sour sauce + cashews and it was deliciousssss. I also had it "spicy" but I guess their spicy isn't really. Not too sure if I'd come for dinner since it is considerably more expensive but Thai House is a really good option for anyone looking for a casual lunch
4	it was my first visit, good food, service was very attentive,,
4	good
4	Food was good. You can taste the difference with the various herbs used in the food. Great service and a nice price point for lunch.  The parking lot can be crowded at lunch.
5	I have been coming here for years. This is the best Thai food I've has in Charlotte. The staff is friendly and it is always clean.
5	This place gas a great atmosphere. The staff are very attentive and friendly. Excellent panang curry dish. Very fresh and full of flavor.
4	Had dinner here on a Wednesday night at 7 pm.  In a strip mall but great atmosphere.  Food was excellent and had their seafood special with a squid salad.  Service was pretty good but lacking a knife... Which came later..so it's a 4-5
3	5 star food, 1 star service.  Would have gone 4 stars but I actually got yelled at for not paying before I even got my entree this time.  The last 2 times in a row they've gotten my takeout order wrong and I swore to give one more chance before a mediocre review.Some of the best Thai food in town but absolutely horrific service.  Took almost 2 hours for a table of 3 to get in and out with no drinks and no desert.I love you guys.  Great lunch for like $8 and even includes a soup.  That said, I would never eat there again after the way I was treated, if you weren't so good at what you do.  The last 2 times I called my order in, both times it was wrong.  That is still way better than what I experienced on Thursday night.Here's the deal.  Some friends of mine just moved to Charlotte.  They live down Harris in an area that isn't ideal to foodies.  They were quite open minded to hit up Lang Van, Panda Den, or many of good Mexican spots around the way.  I however convinced them to follow me back to society and eat in University.  Thai house was my first idea and we went with it.After 5+ minutes of waiting to be seated, then another 15+ to get a drink order we should have just walked out.  Our fault I guess.  I just assumed if they weren't able to handle more people in a not packed restaurant they would of told us.  Once we finally did get a server after basically grabbing someone to tell them we NEEDED water they took an order.  They wanted all at once.  No drinks first, apps first, or anything like that.  "WHAT YOU WANT!"  We order Thai ice tea's, soups, salads, springs rolls, and entrees.We got our drinks in only like 5-10 minutes.  Not horrible.  But then no service for 30 minutes plus.  This lady came by and barked at us every 10-15 minutes in Thai, very strange.  Eventually, after 30-45 minutes one of us got a salad.  We were so hungry we all picked at it.  Sorry buddy, I couldn't help myself.  Then shortly there after Tom Kha soup and spring rolls.  Great, some food.  We ate it like we were literally being starved.  No touching my plate you guys.  After we were done with these apps, the same lady that had occasionally been yelling at us came by to take the plates and asked "Together or separate" in very broken English.  I said, pardon?  She repeated.  Was the third time before I understood what she was screaming at me.  I then replied, please separate our bills, but I would prefer to eat my dinner before paying.  No apology, just a pssssht and a walk away.Another 10-15 mins went by and then we got our entrees.  A good hour after we ordered.  The food was great.  One of the worst experiences I've ever had in Charlotte, but yet they still get 3 stars.  Not the most amazing Thai food ever, but damn good for this town.  I had the garlicy chicken in brown sauce, #48.  Others had pad thai and green curry.  All worth much more than the $10-12 price tag.We were never asked about desert, and were more than happy to leave at that point.  This same random lady that was not our waiter (who we rarely saw), decided to give us the check.  After yelling earlier about together or separate, she forgot to separate the bill.  We just put on a card and gave our buddy cash.  She took it, ran it, then left it sitting at the bar.  For like 10-15 minutes, lol.  WTF!?  We eventually got it, tipped our 15-20% in cash and all swore never to eat there again (Except for take-out).Moral of the story is, they need help.  I want to go back, I just don't have the patience.  I'll get it to go till I hear otherwise.  Its bad, real bad.  But, not bad enough to keep me from eating the food.
4	This place is generally good for their food and ambience. Decent pricing of meals too. Sometimes, the food gets a little on the tangy side, but most of the times, the quality is decent. Its a must place for Thai food lovers ..
4	Spent a bit of time at this restaurant enjoying both the food and the atmosphere. I loved the authentic servers dresswear. I'm not very original in my Thai food choices but because I tend to order Pad Thai most always I can say this was one if the best. I did expand my culinary endeavors a bit with my choice of drink which was delicious!!
5	My family and I come here often.  The food is ALWAYS good and the service is great.  It really is one of my most favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
5	Shredded chicken and basil is amazing! L1! Service is extremely fast and food is always amazing!
