2	Food was good, service was good. Owner very nice throughout our meal, seemed amazed the kids loved sushi so much. Prices not bad for sushi. They have 2 for 1 roll specials Tuesday - Thursday as of this writing.But then...we found the dead cockroach on the floor underneath an adjacent table. Kinda ruined our appetite, glad we pretty much finished our meal by the time we found it. We know Henderson is in the middle of the desert, so lots of critters running around, but it changed our perception for this place.If it wasn' for our discovery, would have given this at least 3 stars. The owner is really nice and the food was actually good, especially the different rolls we ordered. Sashimi was okay too.2 stars, while adamantly throwing positive vibes over to M. Sushi.
4	I drove by this place a few times and was curious about it. One night my girlfriend and I decided to celebrate the start of our vacation with All You Can Eat Sushi. She and I have been to many places all over Vegas for AYCE; and we have our standard favorites, so we were skeptical to try this "new" place out, especially because it does not look like a quality sushi place from its store front. To our delighted surprise, the sushi and variety were great. All though the service was a bit slow, the overall experience demands a return visit from us. It proves that great food takes time. There are a couple other sushi places for AYCE around town which are better; however, for its proximity to our home, customer service, and its family run ambiance, you can't beat it.
4	Sumo Sushi was closed and I hadn't been here since it changed management.  I was hesitant but hungry, so we gave the AYCE a chance.  Pleasantly surprised! The sushi was tasty and the service was great. Everytime one of us picked up the menu to pick our next roll, the young guy waiting on us would rush over with his little pad and take our order. The staff was very nice, so some of the negative comments surprise me. I would recommend giving this family owned place a try and support the Henderson community. It's one of my new favorites.
5	I think some of the negative posts here are shills. Today was the third time I've had lunch at M, and just like the last two visits-- The food was really good. I admit I am a high maintenance gal and my husband and I frequent upscale places like Nobu when we want our usual  perfect meal--- But this place has a ton of potential!  It's probably not somewhere we would come for dinner because it's a little too casual for us but it's a perfect lunch spot!It's a smaller, but cozy corner lot in a popular strip mall in the middle of Henderson.  They offer AYCE and different lunch options.The restaurant seems family owned, and that's what made me like it. All three times I was there I was waited on by the same younger man. He was very polite and answered a few questions I had about their special rolls.The fish was extremely fresh, They had a flair and a unique appeal that will have me coming back for lunch more often! I'm never a fan of the California roll.. It's too boring for me.. I'm from New York anyway.. But that's besides the point.. They made a baked bay scallop cali roll with ponzu sauce. It was different because the roll wasn't baked, just the scallops were. I like that cold/hot mixed textured kind of thing.
3	I always pass by this place and finally decided to see how it was. I was not impressed. Most of the rolls are around 12 so it would have better if I did the AYCE. Although the rolls were not that great the service was awesome. Every time I picked up the menu the waiter rushed to our table and was ready to take our order. Overall it was not that great and I probably won't go back any time soon.
5	This is the same place I reviewed as O Yummy Sushi but with a new name!http://www.yelp.com/biz/oyummy-sushi-and-roll-henderson#hrid:BDgVs4eT6tQIfmQOPqlF3w
2	Service was good, he was right on it - but that's pretty easy when you're the only customer in the place. Overall, food was meh - perhaps that's what their "M" stands for? Small portions, nothing too grand, prices pretty high for what you get.
4	This place is kind of hidden, but in a good location. It is fairly small and appears more like a fast food atmosphere, but has a some dine in tables. The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. They have a nice variety on their menu and a favorite of mine was the lobster roll. They also have take out ordering available. The food was good and we definitely would go again. All you can eat sushi...lunch $19.95, dinner $23.95
3	Really a plain looking place, but the sushi is surprisingly good and well prepared. The volcano was tasty with a good smokey flavor that we experienced at a few other places. The ala carte menu has items with the same name as the all you can eat menu, but have different ingredients, which can be confusing. Yes, they make the sushi in the back area where you can't see the ingredients, but the food is prepared promptly and the service is good. My only suggestion is to bring in some new furniture, don't play funky music, keep the front door closed (unprofessional) and improve the ambience. There is potential here, but they need to improve the overall feel of the place since there is some competition nearby.
5	I'm really starting to love sushi! This place was right on the spot perfect! The crazy Philadelphia is my favorite and all i have been craving since i had it! The place is small and when i first walked in the right tables were a little dirty but we didn't sit on that side so it didn't bother me. Our easier was very prompt and friendly helped my fiance decide on which sushi to try and they all were delish! He cleaned up our table and was there to offer more suggestions seeing as he had the ayce. And he even refilled our drinks. Prices are cheaper than most sushi joints, and the quality and quantity of food was amazing. Will most certainly be going back especially because its right down the street from my place.Love it!
1	Dont now now is a new owner but i try to order sonething happend i dint like the old guy was very umprofetional i never went back
5	This place kicks ass.  No two ways about it.  Here we are in a mini mall in the middle of the desert, and somehow I end up with sushi that tastes like if just jumped out of the ocean.  I don't know how they do it....
5	The shop is small and quaint. I guess it used to be called Yummy sushi. While the sushi was yummy, calling it "M" is much better. It seemed like people knew about this little gem. I had the AYCE sushi and after eating good portion of food, my server offered half portions instead. Towards the end, half portions were the way to go. Because its small, my server did presume I was there to pick up food and leave, but if you can, grab a table and see who walks in. The people watching was just as interesting as the food. I really liked the White Tuna. The texture and taste was awesome. No bad sushi here. I'm glad that I decided to check it out on a whim.
5	I've eaten at a lot of all you eat places in Vegas and California.  This is my favorite.  Better than sake2me in socal.  Better than sushi twister in Vegas. My favorites are wild wild west (salmon, cream cheese, a sweet sauce)  lion roll, and the salmon.  Place isnt that busy so dont have to wait long fir food.  Next to trader joes on Sunset.  Great value.
5	This place rocks great sushi. They make it how you want it and fill this big boy up. I have never had a bad experience here. Must try the popcorn lobster roll. IT WILL ROCK YOUR WORLD!!! Btw if you come before 12 just call to make sure they are open.
5	The place is awesome, good food and very very nice people. They serve several complimentary side dishes with your entree and are very kind. Gives you a warm family feel.
5	I would highly recommend!!!! Great Korean food! Better than alot of Korean restaurants back in LA. Under new ownership. The Korean couple who own it are friendly, especially the Ahjussi (man). Give it a try if you like Asian cuisine with quality ingredients.Place was extremely clean too.
5	My family and I were on a walk and decided to have lunch here. We all love sushi so thats what we ordered. It was alright. However, the service and the Korean food was absolutely amazing! The owner serves while the wife cooks. While we waiting for our rolls, the owner brought out Korean meatballs, Korean pancakes and miso soup for free. It wasn't anything I would have normally ordered but the food was amazing! He brought me extra rice for my kids and after the meal he brought us all mini bowls of pumpkin soup just so we could try it. It was awesome! The owner was very nice, his wifes Korean cooking is to die for. I will definitely be back but next time for Korean food!I highly recommend!!!
4	Fellow Yelpers....here is an update from yesterday's visit here.   M Sushi no longer serves sushi.   I talked with the husband who operates this nice little restaurant with his wife who does the cooking.   He told me that he is in the process of converting his menu to all Korean.  In fact there are now red and white signs that say Korean BBQ and Rolls.Their service and food quality are very good but he is undecided on a name for his new concept. So this place has gone from O Yummy Sushi to M Sushi and now to a full Korean menu most of which currently needs to be ordered off menu.   I suggested he invest in some stone bowls for the crispy rice in Bibimbap.   I think he is onto a good concept if he can execute on the required changes before customers get turned off by no sushi.  I will support this place and look for the best. .....
5	This place is not the same M Sushi anymore as they now serve mainly Korean dishes. The couple who owns it are two extremely nice people. The food is superb. I always come here for lunch so I'm not sure if the menu changes for dinner. I have never had Korean food before so it was a great first experience. Awesome! Will come back for more.
5	Got to love a true mom and pop place like this legit food homestyle Korean cooking some of the best I've ever had and the service Is fantastic these people do what they love and it shows in their food
5	This is the best mom and pops Korean restaurant I have ever been to. They treated us like their own family and spoiled us immensely. It's a small hole in the wall place that needs more visitors here. Try it once and you will be hooked. I plan on coming here again and again. The chef/wife's cooking is to die for. The husband/ host is absolutely hilarious and genuine. It's hard to find great quality food run by an old loving couple. The husband is a chemical engineer and the wife was a nurse for many years so you know they pay attention to every detail of the cooking and make sure everything is clean and perfect when ready to be served on the plate. They gave us 3 free dishes and even offered us a 4th free dish and even refused our tip because we were students. I made sure to slip one pass the husband though lol and still we did not think that was enough to express our gratitude towards such an eventful experience at their restaurant. We truly felt like we were at home and we were sitting around dinner table amongst family!!  I highly recommend them and would give more than 5 stars if possible!!
5	Food is great and the owner is really nice and very attentive. Will definitely come back..
5	M Sushi has changed ownership and now have soon dubu and bibimbap! I was informed by the new owner that the name will be changing in the upcoming months.
5	Owner is in the process of converting the restaurant from a sushi place to a Korean restaurant.  Green Valley has been sorely missing a good Korean spot...this place definitely fills the void!  Food is great...and meals start with a free Korean meatball/Korean pancake appetizer.  Lunch specials are cheap, filling, and delicious.  Soondubu and dol sot bi bim bap are good.  The service puts this place over the top.  The owner is awesome -- he's attentive and extremely friendly!  When you eat here, you feel like he's your Korean grandfather!  He conversed with my kids...they loved him,  Definitely a spot to check out, and will definitely return -- it's a fun, delicious Korean meal just a couple minutes from my house.  Sure beats driving from Henderson to Spring Mountain!
5	The place for delicious Korean food. Wait time for food may seem long since the owner's wife cooks all orders but totally worth the wait. The owner is entertaining and generous--impeccable customer service.
5	So Good!  I was reading the take out menu outside and the owner came out to invite me in for lunch. It was like he invited me into his home. His wife was in the kitchen making all the food and he was the entertainer. Food was authentic Korean and he also brought me more Kim chee when he saw I finished what I had. Please come support these wonderful people  you'll be glad you did.
5	Customer service was outstanding!!! My boyfriend and I were treated like royalty by the owner. We called ahead and the owner offered us all-you-can-eat for $15, which is $10 cheaper than any other place nearby. The owner seems to be in the business for personal enjoyment rather than profit as he was inclined to connect on a personal level.   The food was authentic and tasty.
5	Three things I want to talk about, the food, customer service & the owner. 1) The food is amazing. It's straight fresh. The best part is that you get a free appetizer for breakfast. These Korean meatballs & pancakes were so delicious. TRY THEIR FISH KATSU! So bomb. 2) The customer service was perfectly fine. It may have taken a while for the food to come out, but that's because the owner's wife is the only cook at the moment. But overall, they served my friend & I so kindly. We were treated like royals. 3) The owner was such a gentleman. He told us about himself & his business. They make everything fresh & he's been running a restaurant in LA for a very long time. The reason why their food is fresh and tastes absolutely good is because the wife is an RN/Nutritionist. She tries to stay away from the junk ingredients as much as possible. Come to this place & spread the word. They just opened recently. Love this & definitely going back again.
4	This hole in the wall place is a must. The food was great and had a sense of the traditional home cooked Korean meal. What puts this place above many many other Korean eateries is the hospitality provided by the owners. Her food was wonderful and his service was amazing!  I enjoyed that he made suggestions on the menu as well as bringing us samples on top of the usual Korean side dishes.I would greatly recommend this place and can't wait for the launch of their lunch boxes! A must try if you are in the neighborhood.
5	The owner is such a sweet man. Ate here tonight for the first time. Its a hidden gem! Loved everything we ate & loved everything the owner brought us to try. Ill definately go back to eat!
5	Absolutely outstanding service!  Lee is great, and he explained the ins-and-outs of Korean cuisine to us.  His wife is the cook, and she made some great spicy pork.  This place is a treasure!  Check it out now.
5	Great food,  great service,  and great overall experience.  The owner is really friendly. I see myself going back.
5	If I could, I would like to give this place  10 stars for taste and service!  My family and I decided to go after reading the favorable reviews and for sure, we were not disappointed.  The Galbi, spicy pork and Mandoo dishes that we ordered were just delicious!  The meat dishes were seasoned just right and the Mandoo was hand made (not factory made)  by the owner.  The dishes taste genuinely homemade with very fresh ingredients.  The owners shared that their backgrounds in science and nursing keeps them conscious to use natural and fresh ingredients.  I was relieved and comforted to hear their standard in food quality.  We plan on going back and trying the other dishes!  This was truly a fantastic find.
5	This place and the owners are adorable. The food is exceptional, and the to-go containers make me feel like I'm back in Japan. Definitely going back!
5	I'm from Southern California where good Korean food is always around the corner but man on man am I ruined. The food and service at M leaves nothing to be desired. Lee and his wife are so sweet ! This will be my go to spot when I'm craving amazing home cooked Korean food.
5	Back when this place served sushi my wife and I would visit every one in a great while, now that the Lee's have taken ownership and started serving authentic homemade Korean food I think we'll be here every week. Our first visit was fantastic and was an experience unlike any other restaurant I've ever been to. Before they even brought us a menu they were bringing us food. Even after we'd ordered they continued to bring us food (just to be clear, they only charged us for what we ordered). It's like when someone discovers something great and they tell everybody "you have to try this"! That's how the Lee's are about their own cooking. It was awesome. THEY were awesome. So kind and so genuine and such good food! I highly recommend the Korean Pancakes, which they serve you as an appetizer but I could have eaten a lot more of them, the kimchi fried rice and the pork bulgagi (not sure if I spelled that right but it's a big sizzling plate of seasoned pork that was amazing)!
5	This place is byfar the best korean restaurant I've been to in Vegas. I'm from SoCal, particularly Garden Grove, where korean food is just around the corner. The food here is authentic. The owners are so cute and kind. They gave me and my bf more food as they learned that we are students. 'You need more energy for studying'- they said. Not that we need any more food cuz their portions are already just right for our preference,  but i really appreciate their gesture. Definitely give them a try my friends if you are looking for a good place to eat. Its not a fastfood restaurant. The owners take their time to cook and serve you like family.
5	A small Korean restaurant ran by an older Korean couple. They are super friendly. I came here for the first time based on other's positive reviews. I ordered Soon Du Bu w/ kimchi & beef and a Dragon Roll. Simple dishes but very fresh and delicious. They gave me Jeon/Korean pancakes and pan-fried dumplings to just taste, which was a very nice of them. Side dishes were good too, and they gave me more without a charge. I liked that that they use no MSG. Everything made fresh, not frozen. Simple but authentic Korean food. Quiet space. Nice owners. Definitely suggest this restaurant! :)
5	This is an EXCELLENT restaurant!Lee is very friendly, and his wife creates very tasty dishes!! My favorite place in Henderson!!
5	Food is sooo good! Owners wife left restaurant just to get ice cream! We are definitely coming back!
5	Great place, be patient.   Worth the effort.   Hole in the wall and the food is fantastic.   Kind older Korean couple.   Don't be in a hurry and you will enjoy it.
5	Must go. Ran by an sweet old Korean couple, no one else. Everything made fresh and is delicious. We were given a lot of little samples of food as well, I definitely recommend. Glad I don't have to drive all the way to Spring Mt. for authentic, good Korean food.
5	If you're looking for authentic, fresh and tasty Korean food then this is your place. The service was friendly and the food is incredible! The husband serves the tables while the wife cooks the food. When we first walked in I wasn't sure about this place but I am hooked!
5	Mr.Lee is amazing, and really cares about the quality of his food, and service. I felt like I was at home, with his life stories and flavorful home cooking. He always wanted to make sure my group was full and satisfied, and kept bringing out extra food for us to try. He truly has a passion for his food, which he told us is more of a hobby for him and not a way of life. He took a lot of time just chatting and entertaining us, which was refreshing. He works with just himself and his wife, which may slow down your service, but if you're patient this place is well worth it!! Mr. Lee always makes sure everyone is taken care of. I'd definitely recommend it.
5	Such a cute little place run by an adorable old couple. Service is great and the food is absolutely delicious!!! Love the rice tea too
5	My boyfriend found this place online. he noticed it had a high star rating and only a 1-2 dollar rating so we decided to try it out. we are soo glad we did. the food was absolutely delicious, and it came with soup and appetizer as well as a sweet drink dessert. the owner and his wife are so very friendly and wonderful. we love the atmosphere here. we would come here just for the pleasant hospitable service. the restaurant is very honest.my boyfriend says, "the food is wonderful, and even if it weren't that great, I would come here just for the pleasant, honest, and hospitable service."we absolutely love it and HIGHLY recommend it!
5	This is such great place!The owner and his wife are super sweet!1) the food is pretty good for the price, and they are not stingy with the side dishes2) They gave us exra dumplings and salmon side dishes because we were students!3) Both the husband and wife personally came to our table and asked us if we needed anything at least 5 times. They even gave us the remote control to the TV so we can watch what we wanted.Pretty much, it is a great place to enjoy some good Korean food. I will definitely be coming here more often.
5	My husband and I are craving for some Korean food and we found this resto at yelp, since we are around the area we gave it a try little did we know that we would have the best dinning experience ever! The older couple was so accomodating they gave us chicken soup and potstickers for appetizer ( all for free). We ordered korean meatball patties, beef bulgogi and japchae he suggested that that is too much for us and suggested he'll just give us a portion of japchae to try on for FREE! I mean this couple are the most kindest of all! They are not after the money they could have earned but of the good experience their customer would ever had!
5	Note, while they do still serve sushi, this is primarily a family style korean restaurant, ran by an older couple. My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch and decided on the Number 12 lunchbox, a collection of korean pancakes (shrimp, fish, etc). We were also served a selection of banchan, a creamy chicken soup before the meal, and a dessert drink. Very good value for the money, with huge portions, and refills on all the banchan. Even my picky boyfriend had to admit that this was good, and he claims to hate korean food. The owners could not have been sweeter. We'll definitely be back the next time we're on that side of town.
4	It's now Korean Bbq and Rolls even though storefront sign still says M Sushi. Owner said they've been here almost a year now. Nobody has updated listing yet hence why some are on here.  There is a page for them so  my official review will be there. See Korean Bbq and Rolls listing for the 411 of this place.*submitted business listing change to Yelp 10/13
2	I was hungry one night and this place sounded like a good idea: cheap, convenient and four stars on Yelp.I walked in 20 minutes before they were close and it was quiet. The elderly couple that run this joint were sweet. I ordered the lunchbox #12 and dragon #8. As I waited, they gave me soup and I thought that was sweet; them, not the soup. The soup was white and creamy. Delicious and fit for a cool evening like tonight.I got my food and they billed me $3 extra from the price on the menu. It threw me off a bit, I could've said something but I didn't wanna make a fuss. I talked to the man, I thought he was adorable but I couldn't understand much of what he said. "We've been open for months," he said, what about the only thing I heard properly.Anyway, I decided to take my food to go and eat somewhere scenic. They packaged my food fairly neat. It had two pairs of chopsticks and plenty of condiments to go with my lunchbox. I have yet to eat my dragon roll but for the most part the food was okay. A little bland in my opinion and the sauces and the rice didn't compliment the meats. Whatever that meatball thingy, I'm pretty sure it was undercooked but I'm not sure if that was intended or not... probably not.Overall, the place was quaint. The couple that ran this joint were endearingly adorable, attentive and welcoming. I really wanted to like this place but I probably won't recommend the food. It wasn't as cheap as I thought it would be and I still tipped them. I'm hoping that they are fairly clean with prepping their food so I don't get sick from their undercooked meat.
1	Dirty and no service. Got tired of waiting and left.  I do not understand the great reviews.  Who knows maybe I went on a had day. But there were only two other tables and one had finished eating alread.
5	Very great food! I got the dragon roll which is my favorite roll! And Galbi with other sides! I love kimchi. Lee is very nice and great custom service.  Defiantly hidden gem that my bf and I found.
