3	Patrons with a trucker hat, moustache, and thick longsleeve plaid shirt?  Nope, not at this diner.   Why not?Oooh!  A "delux" version of 5 & Diner?  Yes, it's called 5 & Diner Delux and there's only two of them in the country, according to their website.   I inquired about the difference and my server said she said that they prep their own food.  Hmmm... makes me not want to eat at the other 5 & Diner locations now!This location is on Bell Road on the north side in the relatively new strip mall development on a corner.  It's more spacious than most 5 & Diners, and the patrons are much different as well, in both appearance and age.  Staff was mostly teenage kids who provide minimal service, some with face piercings and some without.  Not sure why those in charge of hiring would find this ideal for a customer base of retired folks.Pancakes were moist and light, and their syrup had a good maple flavor.  Hashbrowns were golden brown but on the oily side.  Prices reasonable.  Parking is ample.
1	This is the worse restaurant with the worse wait staff, worse food and worse service of any place that I have been to in the 2 months that I moved to Arizona.  If you go, be aware of the evening sun, there are no blinds  on any of the windows and the restaurant faces the west.  The hostess is not bashful about seating you facing directly in the blinding setting sun.When I went to their web site to voice my dissatisfaction, I was under the impression that a company rep would contact me within 24 hours.  That was a week ago; so I guess that a lack of service runs from the top down.
2	Other than the fact that it is not in a diner shaped building- there isn't much difference between 5 & Diner Delux and the regular 5  & Diner.The menus are pretty much the same with standard diner fare. The big difference is supposed to be that they prep there own food, but I couldn't really feel the extra love in my bacon cheeseburger.I guess the biggest dissapointment was the fact that my chocolate shake was made with vanilla icecream and chocolate syrup. This produces the same flavor as a fast food shake and the steep price of $4.49. A chocolate shakemade with chocolate ice cream is just more authentic and really what this pregnant lady was craving at the time.
4	Not a lot of great breakfast places out in Surprise. We tried this place out about 2 weeks ago...I was surprised the place was so dead, especially considering we went at 9am, thinking we'd catch the late breakfast crowd. Coffee was fresh, skillet breakfast was tasty and portions we larger than I expected. Pancakes and sausage were good, too. The place still looks new and is very clean. Prices seemed reasonable, too. If you're looking to grab a bite to eat in the area...give it a try.
1	We tried this restaurant on a Sunday morning after church for breakfast. We're used to waiting 30 minutes or more on Sunday morning, but at this restaurant, we were seated right away. Now we know why. The food was mediocre, at best, the service poor and the menu is not as good as the regular 5 & Diner on Bell in Peoria. When we arrived, only 4 tables were occupied. You would think we would get great service, eh? There were more than enough servers, 4 or 5, and 3 cooks in the kitchen. We had to continually ask for refills of our drinks. Our server was pleasant but I'd rather have someone who didn't talk with me but was prompt and attentive, then a friendly server who was poor. In fact, one table of 6 got up and left because no one approached their table to serve them. When our checks came, they were mixed up with one person's drink on the other person's bill. (There were only 4 of us on 2 separate checks. How hard is that?) WILL go to the 5 & Diner again, but it'll be the Bell Ave location in Peoria, not this one.
2	Well if I had to sum this place up in one word it would be, BORING.  There's nothing really wrong with it but there's certainly nothing great about it either.  It is located in that weirdly painted little strip center right off of Bell Rd.  I know some people love the paint scheme, I'm just not one of them.  Anyway when I think of a 5 & Diner I think of a retro, 50s style place with little juke boxes at each booth etc.  Not here.  I guess they are trying for a more upscale look but in my opinion it didn't work.  The menu is very much like the traditional 5& Diner's.  We were there around 11 am on a Saturday and ordered breakfast.  My wife got an omelet and I had the BIG breakfast (3 eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns and biscuit).  The food was good my wife especially enjoyed hers so no points off there.  Our waitress was pleasant but not overly attentive considering there was more wait staff on duty then there were customers in the restaurant.  Both of our drinks ran dry before she offered to refill them.  Kind of a pet peeve of mine but not a big deal.With the economy being the way it is and so many restaurants trying to hang on that deserve your business I would give this place a pass.
1	We went here for lunch on a Saturday.  The banner out front said they were under new management, but I have to agree with Mary L. in that we'll go to the 5 and Diner at Arrowhead before we'll go back to this location.  My veggie sandwich had one enormous piece of cucumber (not thin slices that would actually make sense in a sandwich), but was otherwise what I expected.  Nothing fancy, just veggies and cheese on bread.  My daughter's grilled cheese was better, but her fruit cup was a little weird.  None of the ice cream, fountain, or dessert choices were in the menu we wer given and our server didn't know what wet fries were.  My husband's cheeseburger was fine, but nothing to get excited about.I didn't see a jukebox and the wait staff all wore jeans and T-shirts.  How is that "Delux"?  Maybe it's that they serve beer and have a TV with football on?  I have no idea.  Regardless, we won't be back.
1	Was this awful or what? I have never ate at a worse diner! Table was sticky when I asked for cloth she ran across once with dirty towel and still sticky and wet! Only people in place and waited a long time for food! The French fries were so salty!!! Tea had refrigerated taste with very little ice!!! I will never return!
5	This is a fun place to go, the food is good and the portions are hearty. They know how to make a chicken fried steak the old fashioned way, and it's great. Remember, this isn't fine dining - it's just good old fashioned food.We are always seated promptly, and our server is always excellent. We like to go on Monday evenings when they have live music (50's & 60's) and dancing. It's usually pretty busy, especially when the Snow Birds are here, but the service is fast and the staff is on the ball. I have noticed a positive difference with the change in management. We sometimes go for lunch and enjoy the cheese burgers, chocolate cokes, and fries with gravy! Just like the diners when we were younger. The decorations are fun and bring back memories. Let the old fogies go to the classy restaurants and pay a fortune for small portions! We'll stick with the diner for a pleasant night out.
4	Stangely this 5 & Diner isn't in a "diner" car, it's in a strip mall and is a little harder to find when you normally know what a 5 & D looks like.  The food seemed just as good, on this day it was slow (customer wise) but out food was timely and of good quality & taste.  Next time in the area we will certainly consider a repeat visit.
2	Food wasn't bad. Just ok, cheese wasn't completely melted on omelet. Amber server woulda been better pretty sure if she wasnt the only one on or if the mgr on duty was better. He tried to give me a burnt english muffin after waiting 15 mins for it. Glad this place isn't one that I crave.
1	Ok, we have ow given this 'joint' three tries and they are OUT! First visit, about two years ago, it was decent, had potential, but slow service and the food could have been something neat but just missed the mark by being boring, bland, and overpriced.Second visit, about the same but the service was so slow, complacent, and deplorable that we were just grateful to escape.Final visit ever was three weeks ago.  We had the unique pleasure of watching our waitress eat Easter candy behind the counter, with her bare hands, then serve food without washing. Another customer had an issue with the food preparation, quality, and handling and requested to talk to a manager. They scraped up some guy from the back wearing dirty jeans with tattoos and hickeys on his neck to play this role... When she finished airing her concerns, the staff congregated at the counter to piss and moan about her, make fun of her, mock her, and justify their poor skills, behavior, and bad attitudes to one another.  This was simply appalling to watch!As this drama was taking place, I see our plates hit the top shelf in the kitchen. They appear to possess our fries, kettle chips, and buns/bread. They sit, and sit, and sit while everyone in employ counts their cash, chats about anything but the business of food service, and did I mention the Easter candy eating?????? Yeah, our food server of the year is mowing through that bag as if her life depends on it and giving commentary about its tasteful wonders... Still.... Are you kidding me?????I see our proteins land on the bread and our ever diligent server addresses them with garnish immediately after finishing her candy and not washing her hands! Awesome!!!! At least this experience will boost my immunity... Kinda like eating mud pies and drinking from the hoses when you were a kid...So here's the issue, the burger and chicken sandwich were good, damn good as a matter of fact. We ditched the bread, it was cold and nasty, but the proteins were fabulous. Too bad the fries were cold and the kettle chips burnt to the point of no return, then both had sat so long they were soggy, chewy, just rancid.Our server, remember her? Good, glad you did, because she could not seem to remember us... No beverage refills... No checking on us... Nothing.We have to flag her down to ask for the check. She looks at our plates, with bread, chips, and fries still on them and asks if things were good. The main main says the bun was clearly from a bag and not even toasted and the fries cold and chewy. She declares this to be too bad and tells us she is going to give us a coupon for a free shake on our next visit.Oh, whoa, stop there... Next visit? What was so impressive about this visit that we would spend our hard earned dollars on a next one???? No offer to make it right on the spot, that day, that moment... But a 'hey stupid, come on back for a shake so we can neglect your health and welfare and treat you like crap' coupon. We never asked for this, we responded honestly to her inquiry and got a patronizing response. And btw Easter candy queen, did we order anything dairy? What makes you think we would be appeased by a cheap dairy treat?We paid, we left the coupon for her to use as she appeared to enjoy sugar laden treats, and departed. Never, ever, to return again. How do businesses survive in this economy with such negligent, dangerous, lax service?????
1	Not impressed at all and being be a fairly new building and everything but the service is not friendly food get sent back, I'm just dropping a small Group of seniors I'll be back later to pick them up.  I had it here before and I wasn't impressed the first time and now the second I'm still not, u give a try.
1	My husband and I frequently visit the 5 and diner on 75th and bell and love it.So last weekend we were in the area and decided to try out this place. I ordered a lemonade and when i took a drink it tasted like plastic it was awful and im not a picky person I asked for something else because it tasted weird and our waitress tells us how people have been complaining about the taste and sending it back. .. so I guess that's fine for me to get served it right???. It takes over 20 minutes for our food my husband ordered a sandwich and I had a burger nothing fancy .. there were only two other people in the restaurant so it wasn't busy. My burger was so Nasty I barely could eat it my first bite was a chunk of gristle the toppings were really sparse like a quarter of a slice of pickle and a chunk of lettuce!..honestly ive had better burgers and service at McDonald's and that's saying something! I wouldnt eat here again if I was paid to it was such a disappointment.
