5	SawTh[sic] Sense Christmas show for the second time last weekend.  Great show - laughed my ass off.  Thinking about going back for closing weekend...  :)
5	This troupe is obviously having a great time as they perform off-color-with-a-heart (sometimes) comedy.  Nothing is sacred as the Holidays get a swift poke in the ribs and a pinch on the cheek.  Funniest Holiday show around, please don't bring the children or a stick up your bum, or you'll be sorry.  A perfect cocktail with a valium to soothe the nerves before we face the Holiday joy just around the corner.
4	not much to say. these guys are very funny, a little raunchy, and the theatre is a dive.not bad enough to keep me from going back though.
5	This group is awesome.Always funny, not for the faint of heart. If you dont like off color, political, raunchy, ridiculous, awesomely funny shows dont go see them. But know that youre missing out.Have a drink and dinner at Paisley Violin next door and then venture over to Soul Invictus for the show.
5	[Th] Sic Sense rocks my ass off.Every show is fresh and different.  This is edgy stuff.  Go see it, you WILL laugh. HARD.
5	Listen.  Making people laugh isn't easy.  These folks do it without regard for what is or is not politically correct.  Are you easily offended?  If so, you should move on and find something safer.  If not, you're in for a treat.  While the theater may be the smallest I've ever been to, it's cozy - and you can tell that the performers put a lot of work into making it as funny as possible.  For about the price of a movie, you can see a sketch comedy show that might just make you pee your pants.  Couple of tips: 1.bring something to drink, concessions are not offered & 2. if your rear gets sore easily, bring a stadium cushion as the chairs there just aren't comfy.
4	Super cool, tiny venue for a true up close and personal theater experience.  Staff was terrific, and very informative too.  We went to Poefest.  Great time.
5	This year's Holiday Show: 'Tis The SicnessAMAZING.  Come and check it out.  Seriously.  This may be the funniest Holiday show I've seen from these guys.  if you have a quirky/disgusting/questionable sense of humor, this show is for you!http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/496813
4	This is a fun clan of thespians with a small but die-hard following. Do not bring your children. Do bring that person that always thinks you should "get together" and you want to drive them off; I have used this group for that reason, it is effective. Come on a slow night, any they're pretty good, come on the right night, and you will laugh until your face hurts.
5	Listen, my Yelp brothers and sisters.If you haven't seen our very own Brian "Nucks" N.'s comedy troupe The [SIC] Sense perform, what the serious f!@# is your problem?!Ahem, I mean, what are you waiting for?! Had the pleasure of attending their Holiday Show with Homegirl Extraordinaire Missy F., at the Scottsdale Comedy Spot, and it was a great time. If you're easily offended, I'd recommend skipping this - Heck, one of their holiday parody songs caught *me* off guard, but didn't stop me from enjoying myself. If you have a sick, twisted and raunchy sense of humor, you will enjoy. And for the love of Kraken, please leave your kids at home. Can't wait for the next one! :)
