5	I cannot say enough about Mary. She was the best!! My mom and I were in Vegas for work for a few days( from Denver) and we felt that we needed to bring my mom's dog who is a 14 year old Bichon Frise. He's blind and a little slow, so he needs extra love and attention. We love him so much, that we were really having a hard time trying to figure out who would watch him while we attended meetings. After getting a referral, we spoke to Mary and instantly got a great feeling. She came over to the hotel room and met with us and Polo and we all hit it off. Mary watched Polo a few different times, and at no point were we nervous or worried about him, we could tell he really enjoyed her company. We could also tell she really really loves dogs. Mary has such a kind spirit about her. We wish she lived in Denver, so we could use her services more. I would absolutely recommend Mary! Especially for those doggie parents who get a little nervous about leaving their little ones at a doggy daycare etc.
5	Mary is the best pet sitter I have ever had! She is so kind and caring towards my husky Mia , I was completely comfortable leaving Mia in her care. She sent me updates while we were gone and there was even a little report for us to read when we got back! I will never use anybody else now that I have found Mary!
5	Olive and Jack were guests of Mary and  and her family for both daycare and overnights.  Given their exuberance every time we drive up to her house, they love being there and I love having them there.  I don't have one moments worry when I leave two loves  of my life at her home.  Plus Olive is a swimming machine and they were so generous to let them use their pool.Mary's is top notch.  Your puppies will be well loved and taken care of.  She is actually six stars,  I have a feeling she is going to be in high demand!Lorrie  C.
5	Mary is amazing! We are new in town and needed to find a reliable person to look after our two cats. We had never hired a pet sitter before and were hesitant to allow someone into our home. However, the idea of putting our baby boys in a small unfamiliar cage at a boarding facility was not an option. Mary came over for a consult/visit before we took our trip and we were instantly put at ease. Mary is a caring, thoughtful and kind human being who took the time to get to know our boys and us. While we were out of town Mary sent us daily updates and photos via text to let us know our boys were in good hands. Oh, and let's not forget how affordable she is! Worth every penny! As I told Mary, "You earned yourself a couple of customers for life."
5	Mary was a true blessing and a great find! She came to meet my wife and I along with my three dogs and my dogs took to her right away! She gave daily updates and left a daily log behind as well.I have no reservations recommending her at all and I plan on using her again!Thanks again Mary!
5	Mary is wonderful!!! She  cares for my puppy as if he were hers!  She texts me daily and often sends me a picture! She has been a lifesaver and I would recommend her to anyone needing pet care.
5	I started using Mary to walk my 3 little dogs a couple of weeks ago.  She has been great!  She is flexible in availability and willing to come to my high rise (which so many dog walkers wouldn't.)  My dogs seem very happy with her - and she always leaves notes and texts to let me know what is happening.  I would highly recommend her!
5	Finding Mary was a blessing. I had moved from Henderson and no longer had a dog sitter that would now come to Rhodes Ranch. I got referrals from my prior dog sitter, searched yelp, Facebook and nv pet websites for dog sitters in my area. They either lived to far for my comfort or charged way too much money for what I needed. Mary came to my home for the initial visit. I knew right away she was the one. She is super sweet with the dogs. I showed her around, we went over her rates and she provided some paperwork for the dogs needs and wants. She lives in mountains edge area so she does not charge mileage rates if you live near there and rhodes ranch is included.. Yippee! We went to our out of town trip and she provided photos each day. Fun stuff too! She took the dogs on walks and made sure they were fed and taken care of. She even caught my lab jumping in the pool to cool off after a walk. It was hilarious! When we got home our mail  was collected and everything was in place. She left a log chart of the time she got in and left and what was done that day. It also showed if they were eating good, etc. She text me the night we got home to make sure the dogs were doing good. They were doing great, they were pooped! I definitely plan on using Mary again in the near future. Great service and in the Southwest!
5	Mary is exceptional! I was recommended to Mary from Lisa of Lisa's Pet Care Services when Lisa was booked up one weekend. Mary was super accommodating for my last minute need for a weekend sitter. Furthermore, I had some kittens I was fostering in addition to my two cats, and Mary was totally not phased by the task at hand. She took amazing care of the entire feline gang, and kept me posted with updates and photos. You can't go wrong with Mary!
5	I couldn't be more pleased with Mary & the amazing service she provided. Mary came highly recommended by a colleague of hers; I found her to be incredibly personable & professional. I left for an extended overseas trip confident that Mary was the right person for the job; she took thorough notes of my requests & my pets' needs. Mary offers a range of visit options and her fees are more than reasonable. She quickly made friends with my dogs (not easy with those temperamental beasts) and kept me updated with regular texts & photos. I returned home to watered plants, collected mail & newspapers, and stress-free animals... contrary to my experiences with other sitters, including family & friends. I wouldn't hesitate to call on her again or recommend her to others in Southwest LV.
