4	You have to bring your patience card when you go to Burlington.  They have LOTS of stuff to distract you.  I went in for a coat and was constantly distracted by other items (toys, shoes, housewares, knick knacks, etc.) before I got to the coats section.  At that time, I realized I needed a cart.  All settled in, I spent quite a lot of time going through ALL OF THE COATS to find the perfect one, as requested by my daughter.  When she saw the coat, she was pleased.  I was able to get out of the store with minimal damage to my finances.  Burlington is definitely the place to go for coats.  Use your patience card to find the right one for the right person.
3	Browsing around this store, my little girl and I were looking for a back-scratcher for my bride for Christmas - we wouldn't have any such luck here, though.This particular BCF is generally cleaner than many I've been in, (especially the Durham store on Roxboro Rd).  It's otherwise not very memorable.  Nothing stands out and says "BUY ME!" The shelving at one of the the entrance-ways has boxed items that obviously contain broken glass (you can tell just by looking if one looks closely enough).  This tells me there is a lack of adequate care when it comes to pulling damaged stock and is opening the store up to liability claims if someone were to cut themselves handling the boxes with the broken glass items.Since we didn't find what we were looking for, we meandered off to somewhere else.
3	So this one is higher than the one on Independence blvd so unless your in the mall go off indepence
3	Can a store be too large? Yes, yes it can.We found our visit to Burlington Coat Factory to be overwhelming. There's just way too much floor space and too many racks of clothing to look at. Yes, I've only just finished complaining about a store that was too small, but I found this Burlington is Goldilocks "too big" for a comfortable shopping experience.With no specific shopping list, just a general Christmas shopping list, we wandered from section to section with nothing jumping out to say "buy me!" In the end, we left and headed back into the mall.
