5	I absolutely adore Mexicasa.  We've been going there since it opened.  For starters, the salsa is spicy - I abhor going out for Mexican and getting wimpy salsa.  They also offer cheese dip and guacamole on the appetizer menu, and both are worth a try.I have tried just about everything on this menu, and I have found nothing that I do not like!  The seven layer burrito is my absolute favorite.  I especially like that they will adjust ingredients per your request.  Super service, great people, and really fast take-out service!
5	1.99 margaritas on Thursdays
4	Mexican food that is almost as good as border town food.  Having lived in San Diego, we were really spoiled regarding Mexican food, and have been sorely disappointed many times.  When we moved to Harrisburg, we noticed Mexicasa and one night my daughter and I decided to give it a try.  The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the food was superb!  Probably the best we've had since leaving San Diego.  I convinced my very picky husband to join me on my next trip, and it's become a staple in our take-out and eating out rotation.  In addition to having actual flavor, and authentic Mexican taste, the food is reasonably priced and very generous portions.  The Super Combo is something ridiculous like $12 and takes 2 takeout boxes to carry it, and will feed a grown man for 2 - 3 meals.  I definitely recommend this to friends.
5	Wonderful and wonderful service!  Iam a huge fan of mexican cuisine so this is one of my favorite places to gather with family and friends.
4	I really enjoy eating at Mexicasa. The service and food is always excellent! I'd mark it five stars if they had a little more authentic Mexican food. Their Margaretas are very good!
5	We come all the time, very good food
5	Absolutely the best every time. We go several times a month. Always great food and the best servers.
3	Not in our typical neck of the woods, but we decided to go out to eat on our way to a show, and this is one of the places that came up as a possible option.The location was a bit of a challenge to find, since you have to get into the parking lot, then double back a bit, but it is not all that bad.  Once inside, the staff is friendly and quick to fill the chips and drinks.Menu items are fairly typical for your Mexican restaurant, and the plates are well-filled.  Food is similar to many of the other restaurants of this caliber around town - not your authentic variety, but it will certainly do in a pinch.
5	Everything I've eaten there has been great...but the one dish that stands out above all others is the Sopa de Marina...A hearty seafood stew...It is really hard to put into words all the flavors that go into dish. It's a thin tomato/seafood broth, w/ nothing but seafood...Shrimp, scallops, fish, calamari, etc...A squeeze of line and you set. If you like seafood, you MUST try this dish...The staff is always great.
5	I can sum it up with one word "Fantabulous ".
4	I am always impressed by the food at this restaurant.  This is a step above the typical Mexican place.  Mexicasa also has great drink specials!My only complaint is that the food can sometimes take a long time to come out, and on three separate occasions I've ordered carnitas and the tortillas took an additional 10 minutes to come to my table after the food arrived.
3	My husband and I are a HUGE fan of the food and margaritas at Mexicasa.....I think I should explain why I only rate this restraurant 3 stars....lack of consistency. We would rate their food and margaritas 5 stars when the restraurant is not busy. However, when it is busy, the food is just ok and the margaritas don't have ANY tequila in them. The staff is always very grateful for our business and that's what keeps us going back....we do only go during non-peak hours now and that will guarentee a great experience for us.
4	Best Mexican restaurant I've been to!!! This place is way better then your typical Mexican restaurant.  They need help with the service though. Service was slow and very "hairy" feeling, maybe they were understaffed. Other then that great spot.
4	Great service.  Delicious food.  Run by a staff who always seem happy to see you.  Highly recommended.
4	As a native Californian, I'm super picky about my Mexican food. At a bare minimum, I expect: actual salsa, not ketchup masquerading as salsa; guacamole that is something other than an avocado paste; beans that don't taste like they came from a can; margaritas that contain tequila; and my server must know the difference between carnitas and carne asada. (This last one is a new requirement based on visit to a different Mexican restaurant in North Carolina.)Mexicasa hit all the marks. The beans, rice, guacamole and margaritas were great. The salsa could have been spicier, but was good nonetheless. The chicken in the chicken enchilada was a but dry, but still good. The beef in the beef enchilada was ground, not shredded, but still very tasty. They do offer shredded beef in the menu, so that maybe an option if requested. The boyfriend ordered Arroz con Pollo. It was delicious and a huge portion. They were very busy when we were there, so the service was a little slow, but not too bad, and the servers were very attentive. I will definitely eat here again!
2	This is typical American-Mexican food.  Many items are thrown into the microwave for heating (cooking). I sat in direct view of the kitchen. I will agree that the food is good, not great, although my take out order was missing the black beans. Take out is charged an additional .50 on your order. So if you're going to charge more for take out make sure everything is included in the order. Also, portions much smaller on take out.
4	Good, inexpensive, and authentic Mexican food in Harrisburg! The pollo fundido is one of my faves and I hear the chicken soup is great, too.
5	Mexicasa is a delight to a neighborhood city with no other evidence of mexican within 10 miles. Nonetheless, this place will stand anywhere even in Texas and California full of mexican delights.  They have a great Mariscos menus full of Ceviche and Seafood enchiladas.   The traditional menus are good as well.  My only issue if it is a bias issue is they only have guy waiters no waitresses.
5	Great Street tacos, great service, great selection! I would recommend Mexicasa to anyone looking for a great Mexican food joint.
5	My go to Mexican restaurant- I love the chicken soup! Great chips and salsa, wonderful specials, decent prices and a friendly staff. Good margaritas
5	The best Mexican restaurant!  You won't find the grease covered, premade slop here. Everything is fresh and delicious!  I absolutely LOVE the street tacos. They are a new addition to the menu and I can't have enough of them!  If you are in Harrisburg, this is the BEST choice around by far!
2	Well I stopped in because I saw the 4 1/2 star rating which is hard to obtain, BUT the Enchilada and Taco plate I ate was surprisingly Bland with a capital "B".  The chicken was possibly just boiled in a lot of water with little to no seasoning.  I saw no evidence of vegetable seasoning either, such as onion or cilantro throughout the chicken.  The salsa was not seasoned very well either and was watery.  It almost tasted just like the glass of water I had.  I will say this; the service was fast and attentiveThank goodness the food was inexpensive or I would have been mad as all get out.
4	Margarita....checkCheese dip....checkKabobs....checkTaco salad....not so muchStaff....check for courtesy and politeness, not so much for attention to detail. One item we ordered never came and they never realized it.They were very busy and so we will come back because we feel the food is very good on the whole.
2	I have been here on a few occasions for work functions for my husband. Every time I am very disappointed in the food. There are much better Mexican restaurants around the Charlotte area and are worth the drive. I would not recommend this one.
3	Just okay. I order the usual dish that I order from every Mexican restaurant-burrito and enchilada combo. It was just ok. Very very bland. The salsa is way to spicy. My son usually loves all Mexican rice but he refused to eat the rice. Probably will not come back. Very sweet family owns the restaurant. I do love the kids eat free on Saturdays promo but I rather have better food.
4	Really good food.... Staff could be a little friendlier but over all pretty good experience
4	Very nice local restaurant.  My husband and I wanted to try something new and different, well I should say I wanted to try something out of he norm, he pretty much likes to stick to what he knows.  So, when he agreed to try it out I was hoping that it would be good and they didn't disappoint.To start off the atmosphere was very casual.  It was a Friday afternoon and they had natural light coming in and no lights on inside, not sure if it was part of them adding to the atmosphere or saving on energy but none the less it worked.For lunch we had tortilla chips and salsa for appetizer, fat burrito for the meal and for a drink a Jamaica.  The tortilla chips were very good, definitely taste fresh and homemade, the salsa was just ok, a little too watery and could have used a little more flavor.  The burrito also taste homemade, fresh and it was a good size.  It was a little hard to handle but really not an issue, I was able to inhale the whole thing.  The Jamaica drink was very good.  The waitress told me in Mexico they call it "water with flavor"...I call it sorrel with sugar...it was good.  The service was great.  The waitress was beyond sweet, very patient, explained the menu and I learned a little about Mexico.Overall great experience.  Our total bill was less than $20, that's enough to make anybody happy for tasty food.  I was pleased and so was the hubby.  The only reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because although the food was very good it was not a WOW factor.  It taste like something I can try to replicate at home.  I would recommend this place to family and friends as a very nice local restaurant to check out.
2	Have eaten here in the past and the food was good, not so much tonight. The chips tasted stale and the food was flavorless. Don't know if it was an off night or not, but I will try another place before returning.
