2	I received a coupon to come in and try them because they were open. We were looking forward to trying this mid eastern style place. I saw the big banners saying they were open. We walked in and were Thrown Out at approximately 5:30 because they reserved the place for a party. Not a soul was there and they wouldn't even let us sit in the bar. My first impression wasn't a good one. The woman asked us to come back tomorrow. If they put a note on the door I would be more understanding. I hope they let YOU in when you make the trip.
2	The sofa section with the hookahs and the dance floor looked like something I wanted to partake in but the service was less than wonderful and the food was undercooked - I've had better.Unfortunately, most Middle Eastern restaurants that I have been to lack In the service department. We were the 2nd table in the Egyptian themed restaurant. About 10 min after us, a large group came in and the one server/bartender didn't seem to be able to cut it. We had an appetizer before we had even ordered our main meal. We were done with the appetizer before we even got a chance to get drinks or order our main meals. This meant that we were sitting with menus in our hands while eating the appetizer. It wouldn't have been a big deal but I really wanted to have a drink other than water as well. The appetizer we got was the Cleopatra platter for $15 and it had a lot of food with it! I think the best item on the platter was the Tabouleh but adding the meat to the hummus was also pretty tasty. For me, that's where the praise ends.The service was poor due to being understaffed so I had to flag down someone when my Salmon Kabob came out RAW. The Shrimp Kabob was good but it was not an easy process to actually get to the meat. Even after the Salmon was replaced, no one bothered to even offer to discount any part of the meal. Overall, I am disappointed and will probably not go back.Meh. I've experienced better.
1	POOR SERVICE , BAD DRINKS , and SPOILED FOOD.I do note the poor service was NOT the waitress's fault as she alone was waiting on close to fifty people all by herself.We looked at the wine selection and decided to go with mixed drinks so we ordered a mojito and long island iced tea. When the drinks arrived we tasted them and they nearly tasted the same. Both tasted mainly of budget artificial lemon aid drink mix. Nether of us could stomach these drinks. The drinks were truly horrible.We ordered two appetizers, the falafels and the Lebanese Muhammara (spicy red pepper and walnut  dip). I thought the dip was good but the falafels weren't really made right. They were fluffy but had hard things in them that might have been chunks of uncooked hard beans?, unless it was something nonfood?  I was afraid I might break my teeth eating them.Our dinners arrive and when I took a bite out of the salmon it wasn't right. The salmon was past not fresh and was spoiled. My husband confirmed it as spoiled. The waitress is running around with lots of tables and never comes back. I am left with a plate of spoiled fish to look at. I nibble on the few vegetables I have and notice they cooked some of my tomatoes but added a RAW tomato to plate. (see photo) My husband gives me some food off his plate so I'd have some dinner.On the cleopatra plate the Kafta had good flavor but was dry. The Chicken was flavorful and good. The filet mignon was so overdone it was dry , chewy and tasteless and didn't even taste like beef with no beef flavor left in it. The plate was came with a little cup that I thought might be hummus but turned out to be unmelted garlic butter.If somebody puts a gun  to your head and makes you come here for dinner get the chicken kabob.The waitress arrives and ask if I want a box for my plate. I told her no because the fish was spoiled. She told the management and nobody said anything to me but my meal was removed only because I had a buy one get one coupon.You won't see any belly dancers either unless you eat dinner at 9pm or later.This is a new business and I hope they work things out and improve because we have very few nice places to dine at in this part of town.BUT I NEVER imagined the first time I was here and didn't eat would be the better of my two visits.I do feel slightly bad but not completely.My thoughts are I can't forgive about spoiled fish they didn't care about but I did enjoy the chicken and the pepper dip. But bad management can spoil a place as we know.
1	I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern cuisine but I regret to say that much of the food at Cleopatra was decidedly bad. The humus and spinach pie appetizers were both tasty but the "fresh" grilled tilapia brought on the gag reflex. It was anything but fresh. The kafta kebab also tasted like it had seen one day too many. The sirloin kebab was tender and good and the salmon kebab was just OK. The desserts (baklava, knafe, and baklava fingers) all tasted rancid or at the very least, they were not made with butter but rather a less expensive shortening substitute. The subpar cuisine was matched by loud background radio (with commercials).  Apart from the very pleasant wait staff, the food and soundtrack combined to make this dining experience very unpleasant. As another reviewer said, I hope they can improve because the West Valley needs more decent non-chain restaurants.
4	My dinner here tonight was really pleasant.  We ordered the hot appetizers plate, which gave us a nice sampling of several items, all of which where good. The lamb chops were terrific - juicy, grilled just right, and with great flavor; I love lamb and these were the best lamb chops I've had in years! I was also pleased by the items in the Cleopatra plate - properly grilled chicken, beef, kafta, and vegetable kebabs on a bed of fluffy basmati rice.  The dining area is very spacious, table settings were impeccable, and the service was very friendly and gracious. I am glad that we have this new restaurant in this northwest part of metro Phoenix.
4	I've just had an excellent Mediterranean / middle eastern meal and without doubt the best, most tender, flavorful lamb I've ever had in my life.  Our server was gracious, helpful, and friendly, and lovely to boot.  She informed us her grandfather had just arrived from Lebanon to their kitchen - and I don't know if the restaurant was operating poorly without him before as indicated in some other reviews, but I'm glad he made his flight and all was well, very well, in the kitchen and operations tonight..  The other reviews scared us off the salmon and from going on a busy night, but  thank goodness & Groupon, did not keep us from giving the restaurant a try, as neither service nor the food could have been much better.    The inside is large, clean, and neatly appointed. Tables are neatly set with tablecloths and cloth napkins.  Nothing pretentious, but it conveyed a sense of neatness and moderate or higher level of class, compromised a bit by a somewhat incongruously informal level of dress on the part of the manager and some of the light staff, but then it was Sunday night, and slow, at least at our 7:15 PM or so arrival and throughout our meal, though a small number of patrons trickled in during our time there.  I think all appeared to be part of the local middle-eastern community and nearly all appeared to be personally acquainted with the manager or staff..  A substantial area is devoted to hookah smokers and though there were more than there were diners in the undivided restaurant, the odors did not intrude, and were completely undetectable at our table, or when we passed nearer on our way out.   We did not order mixed drinks so cannot speak to the quality of those, but we did note there was a bartender, and not our server doing double-duty.  But as to the food: excellent throughout.  The Cleopatra Platter lists "1 each" of chicken, kafta, and filet mignon kabobs, which consisted of a 3 lines of chunks of each meat spanning the length of the sizeable oblong plate atop a sizeable serving of basmati rice cooked to light, fluffy perfection.  Each chunk of chicken was moist, cooked and lightly seasoned to perfection, and the kafta (or as my spellcheck says "Kafka")  though I lack knowledge to adequately describe it, was also among, if not THE best I've ever had, in that it was not only not dry, but pleasurably seasoned.  Only the filet mignon, a little well-done for my blood-thirsty tastes, was only an ordinary level of "good".   I strongly encourage those who had a less than stellar experience to go back -  on a slower night.  Perhaps grandfather wasn't in the kitchen or the limited staff was just overwhelmed on the night you were there, but you would be depriving yourself to not give Cleo another opportunity to float your barge as well as they did ours.
5	We went here for our date night.  It was amazing....The waitress was wonderful...She knew the menu and was able to answer all our questions.  I had the grilled tilapia...It was cooked to perfection...The rice and grilled veg's were spot on also.  My husband had the steak kebab.  He said the steak was jucy and full of flavor.  The service was excellent.  Never had to ask for anything.  We will be back...Many times...Great experience....
5	My husband and I ate here tonight after buying their groupon a couple weeks ago. The service was good and the food was outstanding! We tried 3 different appetizers- the cheese borak (AMAZING), the hummus with meat (DELICIOUS) and the spinach pies (good but not outstanding). For our entree we both had the Cleopatra platter... 3 kebobs- chicken, kafta and filet mignon. The chicken and kafta were VERY flavorful, the filet was good but not quite as great as the other 2 kebobs. By far the best thing on the plate was the garlic dip/sauce that came with the chicken. A delicious creamy, garlic sauce that was good on everything! ;-) I highly recommend the restaurant and am very confused by the bad reviews on the restaurant. We will for sure be going back. The location is kinda in a hidden spot, but I hope the restaurant sticks around for awhile...I'm glad to finally have a good middle eastern place in the area! Give it a try!
5	The food was amazing! We had the hot appetizer platter and the Cleopatra platter... We will definitely return... Soon!
5	Love my nationality. Absolutely love this place and Mijana. Very fun for an Assyrian and Chaldean get together!
3	My boyfriend and I had lunch here today. This is a big place and it's beautifully decorated. We were literally the ONLY people eating there, so it was like we had a private restaurant. I was glad to hear from the waitress that the food is Halal, because this means I can bring my mom and family here someday and they can eat anything on the menu.  We had the Cleopatra Hot combination appetizer which came with Kibbe fried, cheese borak, Sambosik, Falafel, and Lolli pop chicken. The lollipop chicken had this wonderful chile type sauce on it and the cheese borak was delicious. We also ordered a greek salad with chicken, which was big enough for two people to share plus I brought a good amount home. The waitress was attentive and made sure we didn't want for anything. I wish they had some exotic non-alcoholic drinks instead of the standard coke products. Standard fare Mediterranean, nothing special and nothing bad.
1	Dined here last night while attending a benefit comedy show the show started at 8pm so we arrived at 6:30 so we could talk and eat dinner.When seated we immediately got water but then our waitress was no where to be found.  When we saw her again  we couldn't seem to get her attention. After a long wait we finally did by then several friends of ours who were also there early for dinner and the show, couldn't get service so I told her they wanted to orderr. With prompting she finally waited on their table as well.Other friends of ours who were there for the show walked out because of the poor service because they were hungry and tired of waiting. THE SERVICE HERE WAS TERRIBLE ! We had to ask for everything from that point on because the waitress like in the review Pepper T. was alone so it wasn't her fault. The restaurant was warned that the place would be busy for the benefit and they only had one server on the floor. There was three of us in my party. Kathy R. my wife and myself. We ordered coconut shrimp and spinach pies for appetizers. After a while the waitress informed us they were out of the coconut shrimp at that point we ordered our drinks since the waitress still hadn't asked what we wanted. I stuck with water my wife Carol got a coke and our friend Kathy R. ordered an ice tea.Because we were there for the comedy show and we were visiting with a lot of people we knew before we realized it an hour had gone by and still no food yet people all around us were getting served. We ordered the Kafta Kabab ( $13.95 )  which was marinated ground beef mixed with minced onions and seasoning and Filet Mignon Kabob ( $16.95 ) Marinated Filet Mignon with grilled veggies. But after another hour waiting for our food there was still nothing. When we finally inquired where our food was we were told by the waitress she lost our ticket but our food was in the back and she would get it. More waiting and waiting and waiting. By now the comedy show started and it was 8pm and our food finally arrived. Both of the Kababs were not hot they were warm, the meat was overcooked, dry and tough. I was expecting a flavorful Lebanese food , NOT!! Would have been much better warmer. The waitress never even asked how our food was. They get a single star only for the pita and the rice, beyond that.... fast food has a leg or two up on their food. Sad but true! FOOD: The kebabs were dry and without much flavor. Overall a big waste of money. We left hungry, and needless to say I was pretty dissatisfied with the whole establishment, the food and can not recommend it. PRICE: Expensive for what you get. The food is my main complaint, which is pretty serious if the review is about a restaurant. SERVICE:  EXTREMELY SLOW !!. Obviously I'm waiting for my food and even after asking about it were still waiting.. but still no word... Seriously?  AMBIANCE:  Modern Middle eastern with plenty of room. Definitely NOT short on ambience. But my review is not about the ambience or the comedy show it's on the food there. CONCLUSION:I rate this place at a 1 Not worth wasting your money. We're never spending another penny at this place. Sad the first time I ate here and it will definitely be the very last RETURN FACTOR: 0************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
4	After 13 months Norm R and I returned to Cleo's on Saturday evening, 10/19/13, and we remain totally satisfied customers who loved the food before and now. This time I went for the lamb chops I'd sampled before and they were equally perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, tender, moist, and just, well, perfect.  The plate also included I think 4 stuffed grape leaf pieces, which were quite satisfying and tasty, and a bed of fluffy  (basmati?) rice. There were perhaps two groups of 10-12 each, and one other pair of unaffiliated customers in the large dining room.  Our server was friendly, helpful, and kept on the move.  I did not notice if there was another server, but as on our previous visit, there was a separate person serving as bartender, so our server was not doing double duty. My water glass only went dry once for a couple of minutes, and never required flagging our waitress down for refill.   Having a bit to spare at the end, we treated ourselves to a baklava, which unusually but deliciously, was served warm.  Not so much a negative as a distraction, there were perhaps four barren, slightly battered small tables with chairs outside along the sidewalk. With no tablecloths or anything else, they just gave the impression of being a place for the middle eastern guys to sit outside and smoke, though they were unoccupied on this occasion.  Overall however, we thoroughly enjoyed the meal and have no complaints about the service.  Good Lord and Groupon willing, I'm hoping for far less time in between the next visit.
4	Love everything about this place!...except the service. We went on a Sat night for a friend's birthday. The belly dancer was awesome and funny. The band was excellent. Everybody there was super friendly and welcoming. And the food was so good! Our only complaint was that the bartenders & waitresses seemed to not really care that there were customers there. We bought a Yelp deal and they were refusing to honor it...then we went up to the bar to talk to someone else and he refused to honor it. My fiancee, who works at Yelp, knew it was valid & that they had to honor it & eventually they did. A minor inconvenience though for an otherwise great night!
5	Went back here tonight with my family. They loved the zucchini rings and the saffron rice. Mom likes the grape leaves. The wings are really good. The lamb was a little bland. I like the feta in the Greek salad and the olives were delicious. The atmosphere is nice, it's not loud, you can have a conversation. Nice bar and hookahs.
5	Unlike the real Cleopatra who swooned her subjects with her beauty and majestic presence, this Cleopatra is a plain Jane from the exterior.  It's in a non-descript strip mall next to Winco and from the exterior, it looks like a sad, forgotten bar.  And we were a little confused by their hours of operation from 3pm-midnight.Luckily, this Cleopatra is anything but plain Jane when you walk thru the front door.  It's by no means fancy.  Instead, I felt like minutes before I was in Phoenix, AZ and now I am in another country, more specifically Turkey.The interior of the restaurant is what I imagine a restaurant in Turkey would be set up.  To the left, big seating area with couches for those communal pipes and drinking of coffee and tea by men.  To the right, lots of table and chairs with numbers on them for what I assume is for karoke singing and dancing as to the right side back there is a band setup, karoke machine, and a dance floor.The best surprise, which every restaurant strives for and what costumers to write about is that the FOOD was delicious, excellent, and mouth watering yum, yum!We ordered the Cleopatra salad, spinach pie, falafel, lamb chops and chicken kabob.The salad dressing on the salad had just the right amount of herbs and tanginess that it opened up our appetite.  My son devoured the chicken kabob and asked if we could get the recipe from the restaurant.  My husband and I loved the spinach pie, falafel, and I loved the lamb chops.  The lamp chops were perfectly grilled.  And the falafels were possibly the best I've ever had.  Slightly crispy on the outside but oh so delicate, moist and flaky on the inside.Throughout our dinner, we commented that we were soooo happy to have come here, what a pleasant surprise the food was as from the exterior, we did not expect much and how we would definitely return again as good Mediterranean food is hard to find in the Valley.So Cleopatra, thanks for a wonderful dining experience and see you soon again!
1	My boyfriend and I were going to eat at this restaurant even after reading some of the negative reviews for this place. When we got to the door, we noticed how run-down this place was although they've only been there for a year.  Upon entering, it was very bright and had cafeteria-styled seating to the right, rows of sofas for hookahs on the left, a giant bar at center, and was not-at-all busy for a Friday night. There was one waitress as far as we could tell, who was confused by why we were there, "are you here to stay for dinner, or...?" We were seated, began reading the menu, and everything was quite expensive.  We decided based on the ambiance to go to the amazing fondue and crepe place just across the parking lot.
4	Not as good as Persian Room, yet they have really good meat and great service.Hookah is well packed, hookah guys are nice and change out charcoal and maintain regularly. Lots of options.They also have live music sometimes. Drinks are pretty good too.
5	The food here is absolutely amazing.  It hasn't been busy either time that I came, but for the price and the serving size, I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for something out of the ordinary and truly unique.  The inside has a great atmosphere complemented with music videos of artists from all over the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and Northern Africa.  Definitely check this place out!
2	Love the food here, but I just came by at 6:30 on a Friday to get some food and they're closed... nothing posted on the door that they would be closed during this time... super disappointed. Please update your hours of operation if you're going to be closed. That's just bad business.
1	this was the worst service by far, this place is under staffed, for such a big place that gets pretty busy on weekends it only has 3 servers that ive seenwhen we have a party of 10 or 15 and there is one server who has many other tables that are also big parties it takes forever! i have never waited so long for a simple hookah. the BAR IS EVEN WORSE THERE IS TWO OR ONE BARTENDERS AND THEY ARE SLOW THEY SUCK AT MIXING DRINKS. AND THEY ARE OVERPRICED.I pay for quality and if i am paying a good chunck of cash on the weekend i expect good service. they need more staff for sure. and new bartenders. it just takes too long for everything. even when the place is packed. Im never going back. dont waste your time.
1	The food is great, but the restaurant is shady. I placed a large order through GrubHub and waited for for over an hour and a half until the expected delivery time. Then I waited another 30 minutes for good measure, when I called GrubHub they talked with the restaurant and they were informed by the restaurant that they did not have a driver and they did not make the order. This is appalling to me, all the restaurant had to do was contact GrubHub and tell them they were not able to complete the order. I would not have been happy, but I would not have waited two hours with no food being made. This makes me re-think whether I should even return to the restaurant to eat in.
4	We were a little worried when we arrived at the restaurant at 6 PM and there was no one else there. In addition, some of the kitchen appliances were sitting in the dining room as though they needed to be sent to storage or just weren't put away. So, we were pleasantly surprised when the service and food was excellent. There were four in our party and we each tried a different dish. Not one of us had a complaint about the food.
3	This place although completely unassuming from the outside and almost hidden from the main drag,Bell Rd.. It surprised me once inside!  Great food, cocktails & service!  I only give it the 3 stars for now because the ambiance is lacking a bit. I was there with three others and we basically were the only customers all evening!  Craziness. The place is nicely decorated (bordering on gawdy) but still,. Nice-ish. The owner came by to see how we were doing and to invite us back on a Saturday night, they apparently have belly dancers and dj music for late night dancing. I'll go back for that and re-evaluate my review then. Hope I can give them more stars..   We shall see: TBA! Xo
3	Went for my sons birthday with a groupon. What a pleasant surprise. Service was great, food was delicious. Ambiance is good however they need more staff to service the tables. Took forever to receive our check after requesting then forever to bring change.  Gave a $20 for a 3.73 bill and received $11.00 in singles . Call me cranky but that is rude and assuming that this will ensure a large tip.  The only other tip I want to give is on off days when I owned a restaurant or hours when closed staff would clean. The black speaker hanging from the ceiling has dust and spider galore. Yum a nice garnish with chicken kabobs!
5	This is the most delicious middle eastern restaurant we have here in Phoenix.It doesn't matter how far you need to drive, it's worth the trip.We found Cleopatras thru group on and have been back multiple times.Each time, it's as fresh as can be, flavorful, and authentically Delicious
5	My mother in law has a family friend in town who is originally from Lebanon, so a group of us got together in search of some good falafel.  We found it at Cleopatra.  We came in early, so weren't too surprised that it was quiet. I got to sample (from various plates in our group) the Chicken Schwarma, the Kafta Kabob, and the Filet Mignon Kabob.  The rice and vegetables were excellent (a happy little kick to the vegetables!), as was the cold appetizer plate I ordered, which included Dolmeh, Baba Ghannouj, Tabbouleh, and I swapped out the Hummus for Falafel (our waitress was very accommodating!)  It was interesting to watch the small group of hookah smokers who came in, and our waitress (again - very accommodating and sweet; no sign of awful service for our party!) gave us a mini crash course on hookah.  We were happy to have discovered something a little different from the norm here in the West Valley; I hope others will try and enjoy Cleopatra so it's around for years to come!
4	We live in the area and finally tried this place, glad we did.   We split 3 apps and entree.  For the apps, we did the spinach pies, the cheese borak, and the maanek (sausage).  For our entree, we did the lamb kabob, which came with rice and veggies. Everything we had was delicious.   The place itself is quite large, they have a stage for live music and a robust bar/lounge area.  I hope this place does well because it's fun to branch out with a non-chain option.  We didn't have any issues with service, our server checked on us frequently as did the other staff.
5	Hubbies and I shared a geek salad with lamb. Not a combination I have had before, but I will definitely do it again. It was really flavorful.  We also shared Cleopatra platter. It comes with a garlicky sauce. Use sparingly and it was awesome. We had enough to take home for another meal. Has great decor and had no wait on a Friday night. We will be back.
3	My husband, two kids(2&13) and I went for dinner on a Friday about 5. There was only one other table of people. It was fine though because they had music playing so it helped with it not being too quiet. The service was great! The food was excellent! Our server said that live music and dancing starts at 9:30. My husband and I decided to take the kids home and go back for a date night. We sat at the bar from 8:45-11:00. We had a nice time but no live music or dancing happened . At least not while we were there. A lot of sound checks but that's it.
5	When I want good Mediterranean food, I always choose Cleopatra's.  The hummus is fantastic. We always start with the hummus and an order of meat pies.  The meat pies are so flavorful!  Our other fo to is the Cleopatra Combination.  The kafka, chicken and steak are tender and flavorful. The roasted veggies are good. What is really nice is the garlic paste.  So good!  But if you're with somebody, you had better both eat the garlic or you might find yourself with nobody to "talk to" later.Also, if you dine before 9pm, the restaurant is fairly quite.  The service is great and friendly.  They are always ready and willing to help out the mid-east food neophyte.
3	Always slow first time I came here the filet minion kabob was on point second time around not so great but friendly staff worth a try
5	Food was outstanding, served hot, and delicious. Portion size was enough for lunch the next day. The atmosphere was inviting. Wait staff courteous and fast. Will definitely be returning.
5	Came at very nearly closing time, with a Groupon.  Absolutely fantastic food, great service. The ambiance and decor are beautiful,  the service courteous and attentive. My only critique is that waitstaff should be more knowledgeable about what ingredients are in the menu items.
2	Amazing  kibble and some great appetizers but that's about the only good thing I can say.   Dry lamb kebabs, grizzly meat on the hummus, strange atmosphere altogether.   Bummed.   I  need a good Middle Eastern restaurant.
4	Once past the strange vibes of this at once overly ornate and simultaneously cavernous restaurant, the food is surprisingly good. Not much that is unique, but well executed Middle Eastern food. On weekends they offer entertainment and one most likely to require ear protection. The basterma and baba were very good. The Armenian sala a surprise, and the lefts plate plentiful. Enjoy!
5	Good atmosphere good food music very entertaining and if you are familiar with a middle eastern business and Hookah lounge then you should go . If you have never been before take some friends and go very friendly staff and owner is personable.
