4	Got a groupon deal here so I tried it out. I've only had to treatments so fa but it went well. I was very nervous about the whole laser thing. They use a cold laser and it really doen't hurt but rather feels like a really cold chill. Like I said it's only been two treatments so I haven't really noticed the results. Both times the girls were really nice, quick, and professional. The office is located in a plastic surgeon office.
1	OK, love the laser, the customer service has been the biggest disappointment I think I can remember or have experienced, ever. I arrive, sit for over 10 minutes after checking in and then I am told, I have to reschedule because I was late...??? The clock is 5 minutes fast, you have a sign in the lobby saying they only allow 5 minutes to be late (to be fair to the other clients)  or they reschedule, and then argue with you about what time I actually arrived.... Argue, seriously!  Then I see two techs sitting in the back office, on their phones, clearly not servicing clients. It is now 20 minutes after I arrived and while trying to reschedule, a client comes in and leaves. So I ask, why if you have no clients when I got here, and you have none now do I have to reschedule. She tells me some BS that they have to be fair to the other clients..... what clients?? I was the only customer in the office! Then the next lady arrives late, she got caught in the same accident as I did, they immediately tell her she needs to reschedule, still, no new clients. I spent over 30 minutes after arriving, signing in, waiting to be told I have to reschedule then having to wait to reschedule ...  wouldn't it have been more customer service oriented to stop arguing and just perform the procedure. It literally takes 2-5 minutes for two procedures.... I spent more time on the office rescheduling than I have combined over all of the appointments I have previously attended.But guess what, now I am late for my next appointment, at which I was not told to reschedule, but was accommodated, I was treated as a paying customer.... Oh, I get it now, Simplicity already has my money, they do not need to be polite or provide customer service, they only need to argue with me...  Never wrote a review before, that was negative, this is a first and hopefully will be my last. I will be asking for a refund but I am sure I will be told No... the easiest answer they can give instead of providing customer service. Scottsdale, AZ office.
1	I got suckered into signing up for the whole body unlimited month to month.   The tech burned me so badly I blistered and was in so much PAin.  So I tried again and they told me the laser was on the lowest setting.  It again burned me.  I took pics and I could not get out of the contract, spoke many times to corp office in Utah and told them the situation.  They made me pay my contract in full each month even though I was only able to do two treatments. Rip off, I do not recommends this business to anyone and have pics and bank statements to prove it. Beware of this company.
