5	YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG.$5.50 per person for unlimited pizza, pasta, salad and dessert. Extra $1 for a fountain drink. If you opt out, snag a water cup and fill it with Sprite. They didn't say anything to us. I mean, it's Cici's. It's ghetto like that.Some necessary items to try: The Bacon Salad (only because I don't know what exactly the "bacon" is-- bits of plastic?), The Buffalo Chicken Pizza (I only verified this from the website-- we all thought it was nacho pizza), The Alfredo Pizza (no Marinara, sub Alfredo-- weird), and last but not least THE MACARONI AND CHEESE PIZZA. No marinara, sub maca-cheese sauce, with noodles all over the top. Nasty in the best way possible.I probably ate my weight in pizza. I'm not kidding here-- at least 8 slices, plus some salad, some pasta, a gank of garlic bread, topping it off with four or five cinnamon rolls and a slice of apple-cinnamon pizza. Delicious. This is good and satisfying the way that hangover food is satisfying. It's like Souplantation-- but not good for you. It's like all you can eat Shakey's. Cici's doesn't attract the nicest clientele, and there's lots of kids running all over the place, but facing these horrors is worth it for the experience. I drove all the way to Vegas and 15 miles farther up the I-15 than I needed to just to experience this place.There's commercials for this joint all over California, but I believe I can confidently say that me and my boyfriend were some of the first Californians to go out of our way to experience the nastiness that is Cici's Pizza.For some reason, this listing doesn't come up in Google and I was only able to find it by searching by zip code on the Cici's website. Next time you're in Vegas, hit it up!
3	My expectations were way too high--I've been hearing about this place from my boyfriend for a solid 4 years and I finally got to try it this week. The place is one big open room, with mustard yellow colored walls and photos of their food nailed up. I'd say 85% of the customers (at least when I was there) are overweight, with a percentage of that being obese, hands down. Lots of kids of course, it's only $5.50, where else can you get a deal like that for a family with kids?We'll go down the list here:Cheese Pizza: Maybe this is the alfredo pizza Melissa C was talking about...it was just crust with white sauce and mozzarella. I needed to dip it in marinara to get some flavor.Spinach Alfredo: Same as above, the sauce was more prominent and had cooked spinach. Good, but since I knew it was alfredo I only had one serving. Alfredo=super bad for me in my mind. I know, I know, I'm at a freakin' pizza buffet, but I felt like this one was higher cal than the other choices.Cheese Pizza with marinara sauce: This was a rare occurence! I guess it kept getting snatched up by the little kids.Macaroni and Cheese Pizza: I wish I had this when it was fresh out of the oven, but it was an experience. Interesting flavor combo.Buffalo Chicken Pizza - I'm a vegetarian and even if I weren't I would have picked off the tiny tiny cubes of chicken. They didn't look appetizing at all. This one has cheese with drizzles of hot wing sauce--There was a little too much sauce on my pizza, I think the sauce could be changed, or the cheese, something, the flavor is just not balancing out.Cinnamon Buns: OMG heaven. I love cinnamon. They were soft, warm, ooey gooey. Not your traditional "cinnamon bun," it was a small bun covered, COVERED in cinnamon sugar/butter mix with a light drizzle of icing.Apple Pizza - yummy sweet dough with an apple goo (no discernable pieces of apple here!) sprinkled with a streusel topping.The desserts made the experience. Bottomline, I had been too hyped up on this place, the expectations were too high. I'd like to see some partitions or something in the restaurant to divide it up, it is literally just one big room filled with tables, I felt like I was in a cafeteria.If they had this place in CA I would definitely go because 1. It's cheap. 2. It's a buffet 3. Dessert.
4	I live in LA, this Cici's location is the closest I can possibly go.  This moment finally arrived.  I couldn't believe in myself.  After Checking out from Trumph, I drove all the way to Cici's Pizza.   I want to tell you the best thing of this place is not pizza, but the CHICKEN WINGS (you need to pay extra.  I know it's a buffet....)  I'm not going to tell you how good it is for now.  Didn't know what went wrong,  the manager came out and told us that we needed to wait 10 more minutes for the wings.  Then he handed me a free buffet card with no expiration date.  COOL!  (even though I don't know when I'm gonna use it) I went there on Sunday around 1pm.  The atmosphere was good (50% black, 50% white) Lots of kids and parents.   We arrived a bit earlier b4 them, so there were plenty of food and salads.  My short comment for this place: go in happy and hungry; get out happy and full.
1	kind of strange this is the only one in town. it's a pizza,pasta & salad buffet. all you can eat for under $6!!the pizza is unusual like somebody is in the back just randomly throw stuff on pizza. the mac & cheese was surprisingly good. believe it or not-the best thin & crispy taco pizza i've had in vegas. the pizzas were pretty decent for buffet pizza. the salads were fresh & crisp and the pasta was pretty good too. just spaghetti & lasagna. for eating cheap this may be the best value around town. but for quality it's just ok. the place was very clean. the help was friendly and the buffet had fresh stuff every time i went back(like 4-5 times). self-serve drinks & ice cream too.if you are feeding a family it's better than the drive-thru & cheaper
4	My husband really liked this place.   It's a huge restaurant and the workers were very friendly.  Cheap meal with all you can eat pizza, pasta, and salad for $5.49.  Of course when you have a place this cheap it attracts certain types of people.  I noticed that a lot of the people there were really big and rush the line for the fresh pizza.  Other than that though, it was woth the money and I would go again.
1	WOW is all I can say. This place is a real hole in the wall. It looks promising when you walk in, but does it go down hill fast. You see people eating a stack of 3 pieces as if it was a club sandwich. They you look the other way and there is a family with two mountains of pizza crusts. I guess you can't expect much for a $6 pizza buffet. I think it would be better if it was located in a nicer part of the town. The food was not great. I think I got sick from eating such a low quality of food. A lot of the pizzas were greasy and very random flavor combination. An example would be an alfredo pizza with jalapenos and olives. I think the cooks are just throwing stuff on premade pizzas. The only thing that was decent was the macaroni and cheese pizza. I thought it would be gross, but pizza with a bunch of macaroni and cheese and more mozzarella cheese on top is not bad.I don't see myself ever going back, but it was an experience to say that I've been to Cici's Pizza.
2	After seeing so many commercials about this Cici's Pizza, and then finding out the nearest one was in Las Vegas NV I made it a point to stop when in Vegas this last time I visited. People : This is an AYCE place that charges $5 - how can you excpect it to be compared to CPK or Mortons ? I don't get it... I read the reviews so I was expecting what can be expected of an AYCE. The food was OK and it helped that I was in an inebrieated state but the MAC and CHEESE pizza is AMAZING ! I noticed that 85% of the people there were dumb blondes who were simply poking at their plates for fear of gaining weight.  LOL. But really that girl must have gone on a night where she was the ONLY skinny bitch in there... I digress. YES there is fat people everywhere - but who cares ??
4	I became sick and tired of Cici's advertising their damn 5 dollar pizza buffet on my tv and radio when the nearest location is over 300 miles away from my house! I can't possibly be the only San Diegan that has made a stop to Cici's while vacationing in Vegas, am I? Anyways, the overall selection of pizza is awesome! Their customer service is very good, the ambiance is quite welcoming. The price? Unbeatable! I was just about ready to give this place a 5 star review...... until i took a bite of their pizza.  It was ok at best. The cinnamon rolls are this place's saving grace! Everything you need to know about the food has already been said about this place. Its all about value folks. Lets keep it at that.I will admit that all that Cici's cheap pizza dough did a great job of soaking up the all the alcohol that was eating away at my stomach. I don't know that's a good thing or a bad thing, but shit, I'm ready to eat another 15 slices next time I'm in town!
3	I'm feeling the review below me - CiCi's pizza isn't located anywhere near me. But there's some in Vegas?!? We gotta hit that up.It was cool - I like pizza... I am accustomed to larger buffets though, and less expensive fountain drinks. Everything was the kind of quality that could whip up in 10 minutes or less. It also didn't help that there was some weird fundraiser going on where this loud guy was announcing all this weird crap I didn't care about. I was still hung over and wasn't prepared for this kiddie festival - excuse me. The commercials don't advertise that it's like a Discovery Zone without the playground.Nonetheless, some of the pizza had tasty combinations. And I suppose at $5 you can't complain too much when it's all-you-can-eat.
3	endless pizzas yumm! 5.99?! wow! but ghetto place :(
1	Let me preface by saying that I don't really like pizza. To me its just bread with a bunch of crap on top and I feel like there are so many other types of cuisines out there waiting for me to be tried. With that being said, I'm not really very picky with my pizza and could care less whether its from Dominos or a gourmet pizza place. However, Cici's pizza really just made me realize what good pizza is and what horrible pizza is. Yes, its cheap and its a buffet. But jeez, they all tasted like cardboard smeared with pizza sauce and various toppings. I already kinda had a feeling; I mean, $3.99 for unlimited pizza? Can't be too good. But after months and months of seeing the commercials on TV, my baby sister felt like she had an urgent calling to try the place. Honestly, their only saving grace is the cinnamon rolls, which I gobbled down furiously, and I HATE CINNAMON. That's how much everything else sucked.
4	Did you say pizza buffet. I came here because my mother has nagged that she wanted to go. I finally decided to take her yesterday 1/30/13. My sister and her 2 children went along as well. We had buy one get one free coupons.Well as soon as we walked in I asked how much for my daughter Natalie, it was free for her because she is under 4. I didn't know this at the time. We went up to the counter to check out the pizza options. I want to give you my favorite ones because they are super delicious, and highly recommend that you give them a whirl.Buffalo pizzaBBQ pizzas The bestThin crust Deep dishOther than these 4, they are just mehhh regular pizza to me. What I think is the best part of the experience is that Stephanie the young woman who works there. Was very polite we asked her to make fresh spinach pizza, sure enough she did.Then my mom asked her to make some weird dessert and sure enough she did. No hesitation. No questions asked. She was very upbeat and had a sense of humor.Overall my experience was great.My only downfall was the damn table was lop sided, or un even.
4	You know...I didn't expect much, when I went to this place, partly because the person who invited me has horrible taste in restaurants.However, the pizza was good.It was saucy, plenty of cheese, and the crust was fine.They had a selection of about 7 types of pizza (none of which I particularly like), but I just asked them to prepare one with the toppings that I wanted, and they did so in about 15 minutes (I just took the whole pizza back to our table and ate it).I was happily surprised.They have a soda fountain, so you can get as many re-fills (or different sodas, if you prefer) that you want.This place is good for parties, and there was a small child's birthday party when we were there.The only part of the experience that I didn't like, was when the cleaning person started mopping the floors near us, and we could smell the ammonia, but I just told him to stop, and he complied.All-in-all, I'm a fan.
5	Now before you question how I can give a place with such cardboard style pizza 5 stars let me explain, I have small children aged 7 and 4. We go here because it's cheap and EASY and lots of fun for my children. I was here for a evening of fun with my kids for $13 I paid for One adult and 3 kids meals.I prefer this location to any of the others because of the great customer service. Everytime I have been to this location everyone has been friendly and eager to help. This past visit was a 5 star one because the girl who was bussing tables was quick and never left a dirty dish on my table for long at all. It was a Saturday night too so it wasn't like the place was empty. Her name was Hailey and she was VERY friendly! another notable worker was their Shift Manager Vernel *sp* he was very nice. He went around to check if everyone was doing all right and when taking my specialized order for pizza he was super friendly! I know some people aren't aware but they will make you ANY type of pizza you want so if you get there and it all looks gross just ask them to make you a fresh pizza with WHATEVER you want on it and they hand deliver the slices to your table. Not to mention children 3 and under are free!!!!
5	For the price of the food you can't really complain. Came in here after a night of having some fun in Vegas with my friends. We all enjoyed the food and we all ate tons of food for such a cheap price. The employees are very nice and it wasn't packed when we came in(around 12). It began to get packed around lunch time so practically after an hour we were there. The cinnamon buns were so delicious! All their desserts were great. The pizza was ok, for the price though you can't complain. Great place to come eat after a long night at the Vegas strip.
