5	A great new Spanish restaurant in the brand new Intercontinental Hotel in Paradise Valley. Love the ambiance of this place, I feel like I am in some far removed castle somewhere outside Barcelona. The lighting and setting is beautiful. And the food is as good as Spanish cuisine gets. The octopus salad that we ordered was very small portion wise, like the size of a crab cake. But it was a very tasty little bite. Full of the olive flavors that it was made with. There were so many tantalizing items on the menu. It was a tough choice between all the paella's and stews. I ended up having the basque cod stew and was delighted with my choice. Usually when I see cod , I am reminded of fish sticks I ate when I was young. But this was not any fish stick cod! It was melty and buttery and went perfect with the veggies in the stew. I could eat this every night.Not only will I be back to eat this wonderful basque cod stew again, I will be back just to chill in their bar and take in the beautiful atmosphere on a lovely AZ winter night.
2	I think its going to take some time for this place to really come about. While the space is nice the food was kind of mediocre. Started with the Sea Bream Ceviche.. all I could taste was vinegar and citrus, no fish flavor came though.. had the lamb trio for dinner.. the sausage was raw in the middle, was a super mega turn off! They were quick to replace the sausage but the damage was done.. the chop was alright but could get that anywhere.. the shank was completely flavorless.. now at these prices I was expecting a whole lot more in terms of flavor and execution. Also tried the Fideua' which was salty drippy and fishy, not good at all. There were a few bright spots.. the service was good as well as both the burrata appetizer and the grilled rib eye.. the steak was one of the tastiest Ive had in quite some time. The churros were pretty good too though these bright spots are not enough to come back. Now M Bar Id go back to.. they have loads of different tapas and are really well priced!Gawd, what a let down!
3	I can't help but laugh at the name Prado, being in Paradise Valley, I always think of old wealthy ladies with their PradA bags eating here. Anyway, the restaurant is the least attractive part of the resort, and still blows a lot of places away in terms of beauty. If you get a chance to tour the property, you'll see what I mean. The spa, rooms, and other public areas are unbelievable. I looked for a place where they skimped and could not find one... then I walked into Prado, and lo and behold, it may be that skimp.I dined on pallea, a few tapas plates, and had a couple of samplings from their extensive wine list. The Chorizo sausage is amazing, but where they lost me was with the seafood. Maybe they are concerned with food-bourne allergies a little too much because I've never had mussels that were soooo rubbery. The bar area is gorgeous as well, and has plenty of seating in the lounge as well as at the bar. I might reccommend someone to come in and check out the bar, have a small plate, and peace out. Try other, more well established restaurants in the area, but don't pass up the Montelucia without seeing it. The place really is jaw-dropping.
1	Probably my worst dining experience ever. Waited over 10 minutes after being seated for waiter to come over. We decided on breakfast buffet -- BIG mistake.  Boring items -- undercooked eggs, cold pan cakes, bacon, sausage, fruit, oatmeal, yogurt parfait and omelets to order.  No bowls were out for the oatmeal -- had to ask 2 different people to get me one. Then discovered were out of oatmeal and were making more. Then no yogurt parfait -- asked to have some more made to the waiter.  Waited over 15 minutes and still nothing.  Waiter then just came to our table and without saying a word, placed the bill for $58 on our table.  Never came to fill our empty water and juice glasses and never apologized for them being out of the oatmeal and parfait. As we were leaving, overheard couple in front saying they too would never return.
5	we visited Prado  3 times this week and we were pleased with everything that we had speacially the service was nice our server took his time to explain the food to us before we order so it was clear to us you know this restaurant they dont write everything in the menu you need a server help to order and their manager was cheking every table and greeding them which is nice  . My husband and I loved  the portions and the value is what you can get every where else i guess and also you are eating at resot so it is resonable..... I had half chiken and it was the most juicy chiken i have ever eaten and the flavors where just right. my husband had lamb pasta which is something  commen but it was really good and tasty .. and the dessert ohh my god it was so good . I had This Warm curros with Hot dark Chocolate sauce on side which you dip in it was marvelous...... and i might go tonight and have one more time before i leave  this great  resort and restaurant .....
2	As we were at the Montelucia resort for the night we figured we would check out their 'Slow Movement' restaurant Prado. Well slow service just what we received. The place was busy (not jammed) and the waiters just couldn't cope, The service was painfully slow and our guy was frankly jaded. He said all the right things but you didn't believe a word of it.I had some delicious scallops but with polenta that was essentially fancy grits. I have tasted much better elsewhere. I went on to lamb for my entree which was OK, but again just OK. To top off the evening our red wine was served at room temperature and I mean Arizona with no AC room temperature! Not good. I would pass on this place and if you are staying at the otherwise excellent resort. Jump in a cab and head to the nearby excellent Tarbells on Camelback Road.
5	LUNCH: Came here for a late lunch pre-dinner snack. Even though it was prior to Happy Hour we were still offered to order from the Tapas menu. We decided to share the Blue Prawn BLT sandwich from the Lunch menu and the Fried Calamari from the Tapas menu (see pics) The Sandwich was just Delicious I loved every bite of the chewy ciabatta, the butter lettuce, pimento spread, the tender grilled prawns and the flavorful bacon! The accompanying fries were Hot, Fresh and Tasty Crisp too! The Calamari was Very Fresh and Tender, loved that as well! The waiter was oblivious and had to be waved down just so we could pay and get out of there. We were one of 2 or 3 couples in the restaurant at this time and service was painfully slow, Thank God for the generous bread basket, which by the way had several varieties of fresh bread with olive oil for dipping. DINNER: The Bar was packed with obvious locals dining on HH Tapas and drinks. The restaurant itself was pretty full as well. We were seated right away and greeted by our server Ashley who despite being very busy took very good care of us and was very knowledgeable about the menu. We started with a Wild Arugula Salad and Fried Zucchini Blossoms. (see pics) Both were Absolutely Divine. The salad was lightly dressed and served atop this thin crisp bread/cracker then topped with tomato and Spanish cheese I would liken to a more pungent Parmesan. Delicious! The Squash Blossom were filled with Ricotta, Mozzarella and Salami....WOW! These were Amazingly Tasty I wish there were more of them! For our Entrees My Husband chose the Rigatoni with Bacon and I chose the Pork Chop (see pics) Ashley our server explained that this was Carabuda Pork, the finest Pig in the world and let me tell you it did not disappoint! Served on top of brown rice with toasted pine nuts and figs drizzled with grape must, it was just unbelievably good, better than a steak. I highly recommend it, my husband loved it as well, I shared with him and he was just in awe of how good it was. His pasta was delicious as well with fresh tomato sauce, basil and bacon! Yum! For we ordered the Churros and a Peach Tart (see pics) If you've never had a fresh churro you don't know what your missing! OMG! They were Fabulous! The Peach tart was quite yummy too though I though it could have used more peaches! BREAKFAST BUFFET: On the weekend they serve the buffet with a couple menu items. It was just OK, their fresh fruit was good, the omelet bar was so-so, service again was slow, waiting for drink and salt and pepper, they were missing bowls for the oatmeal. Not much to say here. WRAP UP: I would absolutely eat here again just not for breakfast. Dinner was Amazing and our lunch was Delicious too despite waiting a bit too ling.I must give 5 stars for our food during dinner though!
4	We went to prado for diner last night! For appetizer we had the beat salad and the burrata. For dinner the lamb t-bone and the sonoma chicken. Dessert the churros. Everything was delicious, very simple and rustic from the atomsphere to the dishes itself. Would definately return.
2	With dishes ranging from unpleasant to mediocre to excellent, this was a difficult score to determine.  Ultimately I decided on 2 stars because of the price - for Prado's prices I expect consistent excellence.The salad I ordered for lunch was accompanied by some lovely manchego cheese, however the greens were soused in what tasted like pure balsamic vinegar - too much of an acid trip for either me or my husband.  A couple other small plates for lunch were edible but forgettable.  The paella was a bland disappointment. The soft shell crab appetizer was fantastic, as was the whole roasted oratta (sp?), a Mediterranean fish.  The service was completely lacking - once our dinner was served we were completely left to our own devices - pouring our own wine, no water refills, etc.  At lunch we were left waiting with our menus for  about 15 minutes before our orders were taken - it a nearly empty place.  Maybe I'll pop in again for whole fish, but there are too many better places to drop a couple hundred for dinner.
4	I went to Prado during Restaurant Week with my favorite dining companion Mike B.  It was my "Last Supper" before getting my tonsils out this week.  Since it's Friday night and I just had Jello for dinner, I thought this is a good time to reminisce about Prado and write my very 1st Yelp review.   We had early reservations for Sunday night.  Service was great, waiter was handsome (sure, I say it matters), decor was very comfortable and nice.  Since it was during restaurant week, our selections were from a limited menu, but the $29 included a glass of wine.  Bonus!   I have to assume that the Restaurant week menu has smaller servings than the regular menu, because for one of our appetizers, the Day Boat Scallops, was actually one scallop.  It was good, but I added salt to it, which I rarely do.  For dinner I really enjoyed the flat iron steak, very tender, great flavor.   For dessert we tried a Hazelnut cake and a chocolate cake with gelato.  I thought the Hazelnut cake was the big winner - light and delicious.  I think it's hard to really judge a restaurant during restaurant week, just because it's difficult to tell how things like portions translate to the regular menu (like the one scallop).  Now if only I had been smart and scheduled my tonsils to come out AFTER restaurant week, I'd have more restaurants to review.  ;)
2	To me, this is a typical resort restaurant.  They are working very hard to make sure their restaurant is as upscale as possible & by concentrating on that, they miss the mark in other important areas (food, comfortable atmopshere...).  I have a few pet peeves--when they insist on putting your napkin on your lap.  When they trick you into buying bottled water.  Things like that.  I also don't like when they tell you a fish is very similar to sea bass and it's just tilapia in disguise.  Not a fan.  I stayed at this resort and LOVED it.  But I think they went in the wrong direction with their restaurant.  They really should take a lesson from BLT Steak down the street on what a more successful restaurant is doing and what the customers want.
4	This review is for breakfast at Prado...Read on if you're interested in an impressive place for your morning meal!(I hear that lunch and dinner can be inconsistent, but I have a new favorite breakfast place in town thanks to the meal I shared with my HUSBAND on Monday morning at Prado.While I walked by Prado, the Montelucia's main restaurant, several times throughout our wedding weekend, I'd never been in for breakfast or lunch.  So, after a fabulous yoga class at Joya spa on Monday, my HUSBAND (yes, I love saying that) met me for breakfast at Prado.There is patio seating but we sat indoors.  Either way, it's beautiful with a fantastic Spanish decor and ambiance.I went with the egg white omelette, which comes with peppers, spinach, and mushrooms and a side of your choice of toast.  Multi-grain was my choice.  Jared ordered the burrito, which includes scrambled eggs, merguez sausage, onions, potatoes, and pico de gallo.  Each of these items are priced at $10.My omelette was delicious!  It came well done just as I requested and they did not skimp on the veggies.  It was served with a delicious salsa and it was so big I couldn't finish it.  I may just have to return with a friend and order one omelette to share.  I didn't want to stop eating although I was getting full, but Jared was sick of waiting on me.  So, he left me eating and went to go take care of some "business" if you know what I mean.Luckily, our server, Dominic, was super sweet.  He came and chatted with me and kept my water and coffee full.  And he didn't make me feel like an idiot when I asked for sweet 'n low and it was there just hiding in the sweetener box right in front of me.  He also dropped off a special quote of the day with my bill.  My quote reads "Time has a wonderful way of showing us what really matters." (Margaret Peters).  So maybe the quote isn't necessarily UFC as it relates to my review, but if you're up for sharing a well done, fluffy egg white omelette with me for breakfast some time, let me know... we can meet at Prado at the Montelucia!
3	After checking into our lovely suite at the Montelucia my hubby said he was in the mood for some chips, guac and a margarita. I think he had mistaken Scottsdale for Mexico and unfortunately the restaurant at The Montelucia (Prado) had none of the above. Instead we enjoyed a glass of wine (Riesling for me), a bowl of gazpacho and shared the snapper ceviche.  Service was a bit on the slow side, but the tasty food made up for it...We ended up back at Prado the next morning for breakfast- we were quite starving after hiking Camelback (or part of Camelback).  I was a bit disappointed with their breakfast menu. They had very few things to choose from besides the $25 breakfast buffet. I wasn't in a buffet kind of mood, but it didn't seem like we had a choice. However, I seemed to get the most out of my $25 after stuffing my face with an omlette, mini breakfast burrito, fruit, yogurt parfait, etc.  Our waiter did a bit of a disappearing act, but fortunately we didn't need him much for the buffet.They do have some good food, but they could use some more options...and better service.
5	Amazing place!  The food is spectacular - the atmosphere wonderful.  The food is "clean" not mucked up.  The staff is great.  Poolside lunch is great too!  And they dont sweat you for being a "local" to enjoy the pool/resort!  This is my favorite resort in Scottsdale, hands down!  Mainly because I don't feel like I am in Scottsdale!  Love this place!
4	At first I was hesitant about trying Prado out because of some of the reviews. I got the impression that I may in for a hit-or-miss experience. And it was my fear that I'd catch one of their "miss" days. I was pleasantly surprised when I had an absolutely sublime meal! Since the menu changes nightly, I won't bore you with details of the meal. I'm a huge fan of restaurants using local, organic produce &/or meats....and I'm a bigger fan of Prado b/c of this! The resort and the restaurant is extremely sexy! You really do feel as if you've traveled to Spain. I encourage people to take advantage of the local gem!!Bon Appetite!
5	Great ambiance and even better staff and drinks. Probably one of the most hidden hotspots around town. I'm telling you, just try it one time. You'll be back...I promise!
3	Went to Prado for a birthday celebration and things started off very well - it's a beautiful dining room, and the live guitar music is a nice addition. The hostess and maitre d' were both friendly and personable. They pour you a glass of sherry on the way to sit down at the table, a lovely touch of authentic Spain. All good so far. However, the food is very hit or miss, as others have suggested. Some dishes really shined (butternut squash soup, bison short rib, pineapple coconut cake) while others really disappointed (one-dimensional gazpacho, chewy calamari, fish overpowered by olive tapenade). My advice: soak in the atmosphere and music at the bar, maybe snack on some tapas, but skip the restaurant unless you're okay with hit-and-miss. Such a shame, too, because I LOVED Chef Urciuoli's cuisine when he was at Taggia.
3	A great effort, but misses the mark for excellence.  Ingredients are wonderfully fresh, and top-quality, but the taste is inconsistent and a bit jarring.  If you're going to a restaurant of this caliber, try someplace more stable.  Prado feels a bit overrated and out of balance. I appreciated my dining experience at Prado the same way I'd appreciate looking at a stained-glass Window:  There's real sense of thought, taste, and unique design that goes into the experience.  Of the overall picture, some pieces are truly wonderful, others just add a slight sense of chaos.  I'm intrigued, but not totally relaxed, and while the ingredients are good, the overall consumption is just a bit wacky.Let's start with the ambience.  You can't beat the gorgeous backdrop of Camelback Mountain, but there's a real feeling of "we're trying very hard to be Mediterrenean" when you gaze out across the property to the splashing fountains, multi-colored tiles, patios, and terrazas.  They've done a nice job selecting the individual pieces, but they don't come together smoothly.  It's busy.  I like the Gypsy King soundtrack but somehow it feels forced onto the base of the Camel when it's played here.  Am I supposed to be in Marrakesh?  I think they could have been more subtle in their effort to bring the Mediterranean to the Valley of the Sun.  Less is more, in my opinion, but when it comes to design, they've tried a bit too hard to make it work.As for the food, I give them top marks for the quality of the ingredients.  The Olive Oil they serve with their bread is of superior quality, extra virgin and super refined, don't skip a taste of it.  The fish (I ordered a Crab and Yellowfin Tuna appetizer) is extremely fresh, as are the meats (the Bison Steak was perfectly cooked, deliciously tender, and paired well with fresh white beans).  Portions were well-sized, and the wine list had some perfect selections to pair.My complaint with regards to food, is the dishes seemed pretty hit-or-miss.  Another in my party ordered a Salad that felt underwhelming, despite fresh ingredients.  And while the fish was fresh, it was garnished with a bit too much of that olive oil.  I suppose I had a lack of understanding of what I was signing up for when coming to this restaurant.  The food is tasteful and tastefully portioned, but the decor and culinary combinations just leave you feeling a little imbalanced. Unique dishes, that's a guarantee. But for a smoother overall experience, you might not put this at the top of your list.
4	I love Prado.  I have dined there several times and every time the food options are better and better. The Halibut is out of this world.  The service can be slow at sometimes but the atmosphere and live music makes up for it.  Prado practices the slo food movement and I think that is why the servers take their time.  The Mbar in the front of the venue has happy hours that are a lot of fun $5 wine and tapas which allow you to sample the menu at an affordable price.  Definitely going back!
4	We went to Prado based solely on a review of their Paella for 2. This turned out to be a good call as we enjoyed our dining experience. Prado has a wonderful atmosphere and sits off Lincoln near the base of Camelback Mountain in a relatively new resort hotel owned by InterContinental. We didn't stay here as the Scottsdale Fairmont Princess still gets my vote (and share of wallet). The atmosphere was nice and there was a wedding going on just outside of the exterior seating. Funny aside: I ran into a groomsman in the restroom who begged me to "swap places with him", as he was an El Paso native and uncomfortable with the posh, chic Scottsdale environs. I assured him he'd make it through the night!The restaurant serves Niman ranch beef and at least one of us tried the New York. After starting with Gazpacho, I split the Paella for 2 and thought it was very good, but really needed saffron. (It probably had a bare minimum, but needed more.) The seafood was excellent.The ambiance was 5 star and the service was probably 4 star. Unfortunately, based on what I ordered, the food was 3 star. (Gazpacho was ok, not great and the Paella needed a little pizazz. I'd go back and give this place another try. Definitely make a reservation as they are busy on the weekend!
2	I agree whole heartedly with my fellow Yelper, Phil S., who stated, "...misses the mark for excellence.  Ingredients are wonderfully fresh, and top-quality but...Prado feels a bit overrated..."I ordered the beet salad because it sounded so different.  When it arrived, I could not help it, it just fell out of my mouth, I said, "That is the smallest salad I have ever seen."  The waiter (who was awesome) did not skip a "beet" (couldn't resist) and responded with, "Would you like some fresh greens to go with that?"  You have to love the man and you have to love the professionalism because they did not charge me for that great little side salad.The atmosphere is just gorgeous, right down to the gorgeous men having drinks poolside at the more casual restaurant, ROQ, across the courtyard.But the menu, in my opinion, just uses fancy words for sandwiches like "chicken" and "tuna salad," and isn't truly different or appealing.
4	Went here for lunch with my husband and two friends today.  The restaurant is beautiful and the setting of the resort is spectacular.  The food and wine list were very good, but our server was not impressive.  He was slow to take our order and not all that helpful.  The entree portions were large, but the desserts were tiny, but good!Overall, a very nice place though!
2	Good service. Nice atmosphere. Rubbery burger. 6 raviolis for 18 bux.
3	My third visit b/c I love the views of Camelback at sunset.  I love the zucchini florets and the pasta tastes homemade.  I would have probably given four stars, but the service was blase'.  The prices are a bit on the high side.  We opted for Chelsea's Kitchen for dessert b/c it has been disappointing in the past but it looks like their adding desserts from Julia Baker.  WIll have to try next visit.
3	Ate here for a late dinner. Service was spot on. Our server was friendly, attentive, knowledgeable, and had a sweet moustache.The food was alright, we were not blown away by our entrees, but I think we ordered the wrong items. Perhaps we'll come back and not be so drunk from pool partying and might be able to appreciate the toned down Italian cuisine with all natural locally farmed ingredients.
3	went here for birthday dinner with the boyfriend...BEAUTIFUL atmosphere, I didn't want to leave!!  Our server was great; I hate when servers are just trying to sell the most expensive thing on the menu but she gave some great suggestions and was totally honest about whether or not she had actually tried the different dishes.  The menu is a very modern take on Italian food and changes each week based on what's most fresh from local farms and grower's which I LOVED.  We ordered a bottle of wine-hess chardonnay and it was perfectly chilled-and then snacked on the bread which was so good I could have just eaten that.  The portions are perfect to share, so we started with the tonno-tuna appetizer, really good start to the meal.  Next we shared their maiz pasta with peppers and beans, good but it just seamed to be lacking something-we thought a cheese would have been nice but no one came by to see how it was or offer anything else and we didn't want it to get cold.  finally we shared the pork chops which were good, I wasn't the biggest fan of the veggies and potatoes that accompanied it though.  For my birthday they let me pick any dessert on the menu, but were out of the one I wanted :( but every dessert was chocolate, chocolate or more chocolate; we ended up picking the only non-chocolate dish which was hazelnut gelato and this apple pastry thing-it was okay not great again it was just missing that little something.  I think I would have given more stars had I been completely wow'd by our meal but I just wasn't.  You can tell that it's all very fresh ingredients but I just felt like they were seasoned weird and when I go to a place like this and are spending the money like we did I really wanted to wow my taste buds.  It was a good night, great ambiance and I did like our server I just wish the food made me want to go back.
5	I only gave this 5 stars because that was the limit. My wife and I just had a one-to-one meal with the Head Chef, Claudia. His passion for food is incredible, the man is a genius.The experience was $65 per head. I defy anywhere in Scottsdale to match this for value for money!
1	Probably my worst dining experience EVER!  Went on Saturday evening, had a lovely time drinking overpriced cocktails outside while enjoying the gorgeous setting.  That is where any mention of a pleasurable experience ends.  Once seated the service was dismal at best.  Server took 15 mins to bring one glass of champagne even though we saw it sitting in the bar ready to be picked up for over 12 mins (the other members of my party were never even offered a refreshed cocktail the entirety of our stay).  Took another 15 mins for us to track down a different waiter so he could go find OUR waiter so we could order.  Appetizers came fairly quickly and were just ok, very disproportionate servings and not at all worth the prices.  After our apps came, another 30 mins passed before we finally flagged down the manager to find out 1) where our waiter was, and 2) where the rest of our meal was.  10 mins later the manager came back to tell us that the delay was due to our chicken.  2 people in my party ordered the chicken - didn't realize they had to kill the chicken and prep it before cooking because I have never had to wait over 45 mins for chicken (15 mins while we ate our apps and another 30 mins eating our 2nd basket of bread).  Our waiter finally showed up acting completely aloof wondering why we were upset and then quickly disappeared again.  Another 20 mins and still NO FOOD.  We had had enough.  We flagged down the manager to advise we'd be leaving.  He tried to get us to stay and offered to pay for our meals.  At that point he could have offered us meals for the next month for free and we would not have bitten.  This was beyond horrible and honestly the one star I gave it was very generous.  There is nothing anyone could do to ever make me return to this establishment with the staff they have working there.  For what was supposed to be high end resort dining, this was anything but.  I've gotten much better service at Chili's Bar and Grill, and that is just pathetic.  The management and owners of Prado should be ashamed!
2	I don't write many yelp reviews but I thought that I would do one on Prado because it has changed a lot since my last visit and people might not know. I've been here 2 -3 times now with my girlfriend and others.  However, the first two times were about a year ago when the restaurant had more of a spanish theme. We went this past week (11/19/10) and were disappointed with the new italian menu. The menu differed greatly from the one posted online, and also the one posted near the front door. Our guest was very disappointed because he had picked out what he wanted to eat while having a drink at the bar before dinner, and none of his selections were on the dinner menu once we sat down. I ordered a calamari appetizer that was an interesting idea but did not taste very good (not traditional fried calamari). It tasted very earthy, slightly like dirt.I had a crab pasta entree that was good but not memorable. My girlfriend ordered a whole (roasted?, cant remember) Branzino with gnocci. The gnocci were good, but the fish was overcooked and dry.Most importantly, the new menu no longer carries the amazing churros that Prado used to serve for dessert. Sometimes we went there just for churros. The new menu features desserts from the Julia Baker chocolate shop next door, which we also visited after dinner. The shop is cute and the chocolates are great, but the churros are sorely missed.  We also had some awesome paella from the old menu that was much better than anything we ordered off the new menu. Overall, our tourist guest was disappointed and I am going to remove Prado from our lineup.  There are many other comparable choices in the area that I prefer.  Among others, T Cook's and Lon's at the Hermosa offer the same fancy resort feel, and have better food in my opinion, now that Prado's menu has changed.
5	Had a dinner party here in one of their private dining rooms.  The food, drinks, and service were all outstanding.   Started with the calamari, Antipasto (w/cured meats, artisan cheese, marinated olives, Marcona almonds, quince paste and flat bread), Crispy Calamari with aioli and Lamb Merguez Sausage; followed by the Caprese; mozzarella, tomato and basil; and for the main course I had the Flat Iron steak, fingerling potatoes, shishito peppers, piperade sauce (cooked perfectly).  I finished off my meal with the Julia Baker Chocolate Mousse Cake.  I have to say everything was 5 star: food was fabulous, service was excellent, I'll  certainly be back again!
4	This restuarant is inside  the beautiful InterContinental Montelucia Resort & Spa. Driving up towards the hotel and restaurant has breathtaking views and once inside the awesome ambience and decor continues. Food is good though not the best I have ever eaten. Me and a  group of friends went there for dinner. A friend and I had the lamb sausage pasta which was quite nice. Another friend had the potato gnocchi which he liked. The server was patient and reasonably attentive. For desert we had the lava cake and a raspberry pistachio tart which was ok. Also,the bread that comes with the food wasnt the best. The restaurant scores because of the amazing ambience , live music, great atmosphere and crowd and the overall good experience me and my friends had. Tip: Valet parking is complimentary if you are dining at this restaurant.
3	My group had a lovely table at the window with a very nice Italian waiter.  We ordered a bottle of the St. Michelle Riesling - one of the best I've had!I ordered the Yellowtail Tuna Crudo - nice combination of citrus with each yellowtail bite but it didn't match anything else on the menu and Tagliatelle pasta - w/ truffle & duck egg, etc.  I should've known better because the pasta was super RICH and packed w/ flavor, maybe too much.  And for dessert, I ordered the Toffee Bread Pudding - it was good  but again should've known better it just made me feel even more disgustingly full.Service was pretty good, but not a lot of menu options.  I was here the previous night for happy hour.  Interesting menu.  The burrata, almonds, and calamari were the best items on the menu.  The omelette was decent and I didn't try the spicy sausage.
4	We went here for dinner the other night to celebrate a special occasion. We decided to go with the chef's tasting menu with wine pairings and we were not disappointed! The chef came to our table and asked us our likes and dislikes (yes to everything!!) and before we knew it our first course and flute of champagne were at the table. The food and wine pairings were delicious, and the impeccable service by our waiter, Oliverio, as well as the Chef coming out and presenting each plate made for a very memorable evening.  As many reviewers have already stated, the resort is a destination on its own. The architecture, lighting, and attention-to-detail gives a romantic vibe, and the outstanding service and food will definitely bring us back again.
4	I've been back to Pado 3 more times for breakfast versus dinner. This review will cover their breakfast.Prado offers a hot and a cold buffett. The hot buffet is a whopping $45 and the cold Buffett is $15. Both include juice and coffee. There are also about 10 menu items which can be ordered a la carte, I have tried the breakfast burrito which is excellent and the cold buffet which offers a variety of breads, a ton of very fresh fruits, oatmeal, ceral and even Atlantic salmon. Both are excellent, and the burrio at only $12.50 is a value. Service and ambiance are excellent!
3	Upon my arrival to the hotel, I wandered into Prado's bar area until my room was ready.  The staff was soooo helpful and friendly.  Ann and Angela took the time to show me around the resort and talk about the Scottsdale area.   During my stay, I had an early dinner and the service was average (not Ann or Angela), as was the food.  Granted, the menu was not my style, but I can still appreciate good food when I eat it.  The wine choices were poor.  :(  But the atmosphere...the atmosphere inside and out was spectacular!!  It was romantic and inviting.  They had live music, which was relaxing and fun.
4	Had a very good dinner here while we stayed at the Intercontinental. We weren't sure if we were going to try it or not, just assuming it was going to be super pricey like the other food and drinks at the resort. Boy were we surprised. Our meal, including an appetizer, salad, two entrees and wine was just over $100. The food was great! We had a hard time deciding what we were going to order because all of it looked delicious. In the end I got a pasta dish, the Tagliatelli with parmesan, butter and a duck egg yolk. I usually don't order rich dishes like that, but I am glad I did this time! It was so good. My husband got the Spaghetti Nero. It was a pasta with octopus, clams, mussels and a spicy red sauce. He loved his too! The only downfall of Prado I think is their breakfast buffet. It's $25 and we looked at the food and it wasn't inviting. The scrambled eggs were runny and the other items didn't look very good.
4	We had a group dinner in one of their private rooms... the wine room, which as decent, obviously wines all around us, but a nice room for a group of 10.  Anyways, the food we had was amazing... be sure to try the the appetizer - DRUNKEN BREAD (Cabrales fonduta', White Wine, Garlic, Herbs).  For my entree I had the RIGATONCINI w/  Sweet & Spicy 'Schreiner's' Lamb Sausage, Heirloom Legumes, Local Greens,  Charred Tomatoes, Chili, Pecorino.  It was perfect with a nice kick to it. Definitely recommend it.  And for dessert...PRADO SUNDAEHouse Made Vanilla Gelato | Apple Wood Bacon | Caramelized Bananas  Amarone Cherries | Warm Chocolate Sauce | Roasted Almonds | Whip Cream | Biscotti Crumble... amazing... my first bacon dessert and it was worth it.  Also, try the 'DULCE DE LECHE' BREAD PUDDING  Bourbon Caramel Sauce | Vanilla Anglaise | Chantilly Cream.  And get yourself a mojito while you are there, surprisingly good.  Of course this is the main restaurant at the Montelucia Resort, so expect "hotel pricing."  The menus are also seasonal, so my recommendations now might be completely different when you go there.
3	I had been meaning to check out Prado for a while now... opted to take a dates suggestion and go last night. The server was not entirely helpful on the wine list and was almost annoyed that my date was interested in knowing what the beer selection was. My salmon was quite good, the veggies served with it were quite good and complimentary to my entire meal. The overall experience was okay, the food... good, but for the price - not very impressive. We opted for the sundae dessert, which was fun, but nothing that was something I would have again. I have to admit, the best part was walking around the resort after and enjoying an abnormally cooler July evening.
4	$23+ tax seemed a bit pricey for a breakfast buffet, but always being in the adventurous spirit, we went to Prado to try out the buffet before indulging in a spa treatment at Joya.  All the ingredients here are fresh and well prepared.  The hot buffet today consisted of pancakes, breakfast quesadilla, applewood bacon, pork sausage, and roasted potatoes.  The bacon was excellent- perfectly crispy, not at all chewy, with great subtle smokey flavor, not too salty at all.  The potatoes were also excellently cooked,  as well as the sausage.  The quesadilla was decent, but tasted a bit too cheesy for me.  They have an omelet and Belgian waffle station as well, made to order.  The omelet I had was excellent- very fluffy with fresh ingredients.  The cold selections are also diverse and flavorful as well.  There is a wide selection of fresh fruit, pastries, cheese and bread, smoked salmon, and divine fruit and granola parfaits.  I'm sure these parfaits aren't really that healthy for you since they taste so good, but they are probably some of the best breakfast items I've had in a long time!  The yogurt in the parfait is whipped to a light airy consistency, and sprinkled with spiced granola, crisp nuts, candied fruit, and fresh fruit.The buffet includes juice, coffee, tea, and milk.  Service was a bit sluggish initially, but picked up later on.  There is a wide selection of juices to choose from, and the coffee is very smooth.  Generally, this isn't a buffet I'll be going to a whole lot, but if I'm in the mood for splurging and indulging in a buffet for breakfast, I'll know where to go.
2	I give this place two starts because it is very pretty. The restaurant is picture perfect and why shouldn't it be? It is after all in the Montelucia Resort. The food on the other hand was pretty bad. It was bad compared to other hotels and to other restaurants. I was here for breakfast so I am not sure what dinner or lunch is like. I ordered the mushroom and cheese omelet that came with potatoes. My bf ordered the spinach frittata that came with fruit. Neither of our dishes were tasty. Both of us couldn't finish it. This is the key piece of information here. I always finish my plate. Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and I was very sad at my situation. There just was no taste to it. Completely bland and not worth $15.
5	Yes, I know, I can't believe I would rate any restaurant a 5 star.  The only other restaurant I have ever rated a 5 star would be Razz in Scottsdale.We stay at this resort every time we go to Arizona and we tried the restaurant about a year ago.  Wasn't impressed now BUT very impressed now.  We took a cooking class from the new Chef, Peter in May and loved it, therefore we gave the restaurant another try.Our waiter Arne was a certified sommelier and selected a fabulous Spanish wine for us.  He was extremely knowledgeable on wines, which we loved.  He also appreiciated us being huge foodies.  He also had several recommendations on the food, which all turned out to be over the top.Appetizer:  Truffle infused beef tartare w/quail egg,  mustard aioli and parmesean cheese cracker - OMG....First Course:  Homemade tagliatelle with pork sausage ragu, roasted cherry tomatoes, some other veggies in a very light cheese/butter sauce - so delicious!Second Course:  Lamb chops with a cucumber yogurt puree, lentils with a complex, deep veal reduction sauce and a side of spinach w/chunks of pancetta and squash/zucchini with minted breadcrumbs.Dessert:  We ordered tiramisu, which was the lightest I have ever had.  he also brought basil flavored gelatto.  I wouldn't have ever ordered it on a menu because it doesn't sound appealing - what a great surprise!The dessert wine he recommended from Canada was fabulous.  I tasted the fruit rather than the sugar.   The service was impreccable, the food fabulous and sitting on the patio of this beautiful resort (even in the Arizona summer) was awesome!Given their yelp rating I wouldn't have tried them; however, their yelp ratings will definitely improve over time as they have completely changed.
2	BAR ONLY--wandered down here one night from the Camelback Inn just to check the place out (it's only about a 15-minute walk, with a dramatic view of CB mountain all the way). We stopped in at the bar and had a few drinks; the whole place has a very pre-fab feel like some set designer's version of an Italian estate, which seemed jarring after the authenticity of the Camelback. The drink menu is extensive, though they were out of a few things. It's a little spendy, but not too awful. Seems like they may do quite a bit of group business at the hotel, because there was a group of drunk, loud douchebag conventioneers at one end of the bar.I will say the bar staff was wonderful--very friendly and attentive, but after a couple of drinks I felt like I'd gotten all I ever would out of this place.
1	I really wanted to like this place for a few reasons.  #1 - We were staying at Montelucia, and the Montelucia is absolutely beautiful.#2 - I order in-room dining at least once for breakfast and once for dinner whenever I stay at a hotel or resort.  I was very pleased with what was on Prado's menu.  I also adored sheer size and artful brilliance of the in-room menu of Prado.#3 - Prado is the main restaurant of Montelucia.  Again- I am a big fan of Montelucia.So anyhow, this is what we ordered.  Chilaquiles (if a restaurant has chilaquiles on the menu- I try it), eggs benedict, blueberry muffin and chocolate chip muffin.  Chilaquiles was really good actually.  Eggs benedict was nothing special.  Tasted like regular ol' benedict.  The kick was the muffins.  So, I reach over for a blueberry muffin, and I immediately knew that it was going to be disgusting.  Why?  It was ROCK solid.  Bad thing for us is we don't like to waste food.  If it's in front of me, I really do try and eat it.  So I take a bite and taste oats.  Blueberry muffin with oats?  It's not a blueberry muffin.  It's an oat muffin.  Okay, not a big deal.  I call in-room dining and tell them.  They said they actually didn't have blueberry muffins anymore.  Okay fine.  Would've helped if you let me know from the get go instead of assuming that I would like an alternative to what I ordered.  She offers to send up some danishes.  Fair trade, let's do this.Danishes come up, and the first thing the server says to us is "these danishes are not that much better than the hard muffins, but there's nothing I can do."  Okay.  Sure?I bite into the danish.  Not good.  Stale, dry and old.  I set that aside.  I took the oat muffin and tried to eat it.  I even started dipping it into my coffee.  A few bites in, my fiance tells me that there's something in it that looks like blueberries, but he can't eat anymore of it because it tastes spoiled.  He's just staring and peeling away at the muffin with this confused look on his face. What?  Blueberries in an oat muffin?  I take a bite out of mine, and I too taste something wrong.  I peel away at the paper and crumble the muffin and low and behold -- there's green mold.  Disgusting.  Takes the Prado manager about a half hour to call me back since no one was available when I called them to tell them about the moldy muffin.Server comes up, and tells me to make sure to tell the manager because they have been trying to tell the Chef that he can't make bunches of pastries and freeze them since there are no preservatives in them.  Chef doesn't listen to them.  Seriously?  Chef whoever you are - you're a FOOL!  You want to be a premier restaurant at a gorgeous resort, and you willingly serve days old pastries?! Anyhow - the manager comps the meal, and we go on our merry way.  We had reservations the next day for my fiance's birthday brunch.  We cancelled right away.  We were not taking anymore chances or giving them anymore business.
5	Maitre D' Ann B. was welcoming and suggested a wonderful table for two that offered a great view of the restaurant. I recommend the Butternut Squash Soup to start of any evening. This dish made my wine selection, the Girard Sauvignon Blanc, so nice I asked for another glass with my entre. I completed my meal with the Wild Striped Bass al Cartoccio. We had a great time and the pictures in front of the fireplace were fun to take.We recommend Prado for any evening. Great for and Beautiful Staff!
4	Beautiful and large. We loved the illuminated menus. Did not have to hit flashlight on my iPhone. Started with a generous antipasti plate with 4 meats and cheese with olives, grapes and quince paste. Wonderful service. My squid ink linguini was large and came with lobster and scallops. While the seafood was cooked perfectly the pasta was beyond al dents. A little too much time in the bath.
3	Early Saturday evening walk in was able to be seated, but given a bit of a look from the maitre d' for not having a reservation, although the place was 90%empty.  Attractive and stylish decor with both indoor and patio seating.  Located on the grounds of the very stylish Montelucia Resort.  Great waiter, very helpful and accommodating.  Menu was far from stereotypical Italian, but clearly loosely Italian based.  Menu items were esoteric and eclectic, a bit of a jumble (after cooking for a nice Italian restaurant I never thought I would see mint as a primary spice in a pasta dish).  A special for the night salad was small and anything but special, while my Squid Ink Linguine with lobster and scallops came with cold in the center scallops and a fairly bland base covering the pasta, despite being advertised with chili flakes.  Not dry but then lacking something to tie the whole dish together. Excellent coffee freshly brewed, but decided to skip the after dinner offerings.  Funny how unimpressed I could be with a restaurant the maitre d' went out of her way to brag about being a top 20 restaurant in the country.  After living in Phoenix for only two years I can think of twenty better restaurants in the metro area very easily.  Sorry but Prado will not enter my list of particularly memorable dinners.
3	Went with my parents who were visiting from out of town. I had never been but knew the location and thought it would be nice to see the view and walk around the resort after. The resort itself must be very beautiful when it is not undergoing a lot of construction. The website photos look stunning. Currently, however, many of the fountains were empty and construction barriers were up so we didn't get to enjoy the full visual effect. The restaurant itself though is beautiful, and huge! We went early so there was plenty of seating, and we got a nice booth by the wall. Our server was very nice and helped make a few wine suggestions for the three of us. The bread and olive oil at the beginning was standard. No interesting crackers or garlic cloves in the olive oil or anything.For entrees my dad ordered the gnocchi which he didn't finish....and he usually finishes everything.  My mom ordered the organic chicken which was a pretty big portion and she had enough to take home. I opted for the wild striped sea bass. I asked for it light on the oil/butter and our server informed me that it was cooked in parchment paper and essentially steamed so it would be lighter. I thought, oh that's great! However, when it arrived, there was a pool of oil at the bottom of the parchment paper. Bummer. It was a nicely cooked piece of fish, but again too oily and the artichoke hearts that accompanied it were either very dry on the outer leaves or could've had a few more leaves trimmed off. The mushrooms with it were very nice but it did not come with any spring onions, as the menu indicated.Our server tried to "sell us" some dessert after we mentioned we were full, but overall we did like him. We knew what the prices were like ahead of time,  but somehow, I don't feel like the food reflected the prices accurately.
1	Consistently bad! I've stayed at this property a few times and dined at Prado every time.  You would think I'd learn. Food is terrible at best, service is nonexistent over 3 hrs for dinner, and crazy overpriced. Anyone who uses Yelp and still goes here gets what they deserve.Went for breakfast next day. The chef came over and spoke to us regarding our experience.  He's trying to clean up the brand, has a lot of work...Will not go back.
3	The food was good. Not outstanding, but not junk either. I had the Squid Ink Angel Hair Pasta ($29) and my wife had the Rib Eye ($42). Pretty pricey for what you get, but we are staying at Montelucia Resort for our honeymoon and aren't counting pennies this week. The restaurant is beautiful and comfortable and the employees were really nice. I think we'll try something off property for our next dinner.
3	We stayed overnight at the resort and so had opportunity for both lunch and dinner at Prado.  The food is good but if you're expecting a quiet elegant restaurant, this isn't it!  It's very noisy and not the best venue for a couple wanting a romantic meal with conversation.Table service was good, food presentation was very nice and the selection of house margaritas or other cocktails were plenty.  We ate at the resort because of our overnight stay but we won't return.  We can get food of the same and better caliber at better prices and with much better ambiance elsewhere.
4	We had dinner here on a Saturday night. Our reservations were at 8. The service and the food was excellent. At 9 a band started that played a bunch of good songs. Highly recommend.
5	Spent a week at the resort and ate at Prado several times a day. This restaurant is wonderful! The chef's ribeye steak was hands down better than highly rated Mastro's, which we also visited during the week.They have a decent wine by the glass list as well as full bottles. Our last night at Prado's was the best of all.Chef special foie gras appetizer was the best preparation I've ever had; with a coddled egg, applewood smoked bacon and croutons for the egg yolk. Manager sent over a moscato to go with the dish. Then had to do the ribeye again with wild mushroom risotto. Yummy.To top it off the manager opened a wonderful bottle that is going on the list, Cade, so I could drink by the glass.When we returned to our room the restaurant staff sent over a plate of cookies. Doesn't get any better than this for food and service.
2	By far, the best thing about Prado is the view from the patio. The view of the grounds, Kasbah Pool, and Camelback Mountain might be one of the best vantage points in all of Phoenix and Scottsdale. Your main motivation to come here should not be based on the food. The food is only okay here and you're better off exploring your culinary options - and there are plenty of better ones - elsewhere. I ate here on two occasions, I had the huevos rancheros (for breakfast) and a chicken sandwich (with tomato, avocado, and a side salad) and these were mediocre at best. Service was clunky. Pleasant, but not up to speed at times.Normally I'm not so critical about hotel and resort dining options. But in a city where the Royal Palms has T. Cook's and Sheraton Wild Horse has Kai, Montelucia's Prado is just so incredibly disappointing.
5	hubs and I stayed at Montelucia to celebrate our 4th year anniversary.Starving after checking in the resort so we headed straight to Prado.we were greeted warmly and was seated right away.the hostess was really nice, she checked on us a few times during the meal and was very helpful in recommending food.Our server was also great. she even insisted to give us a anniversary dessert even though we were too full.  we're glad we took that dessert though because that banana foster was to die for!We had crab cake and white kale salad for starters.  both were fabulous.had pasta while hubby had the steak... very good.drinks were good as well and servers were really helpful.we also came back for Sunday brunch and had the same server.brunch was a bit busy and the omelette chef was a bit slow but it didn't bother us.would love to be back.
2	So disappointed - this use to be my favorite place to lunch in the Valley.  Went today and the food was mediocre, the server was curt and inattentive - not the standard I expect for the price.  Think it is time to move on....
5	I  love this restaurant! It's elegant, beautiful and the food is always amazing. This is a great place to go on a special occasion. The food and service is superbe and the view and ambiance are gorgeous. One of my new favorites.
1	Made reservations through Opentable on 12/22 for reservations at 8:15 pm at Prado on 12/31/12 for a New Years and my birthday celebration.  Called Prado the next day to confirm just to be sure.  On the day of the reservation, hostess called me and left a msg to see if we were doing New Years Eve menu or not.  Upon calling back, we were notified that there were no 8:15 spots like we had booked and there was only seating at 6 or 9 and only a New years eve menu was to be offered at either $90 (at 6pm) or $150 (at 9 pm) per person.  This was quite inconvenient especially since I am a vegetarian and was counting on being able to order from the regular dinner menu.  Manager had no suitable solutions to offer us and we cancelled.  Extremely disappointed in opentable and Prado.  WIll not dine here in the future and will unrecommend to others.
5	We went to Prado last night for a girlfriend's birthday and I cannot rave more about this place! Our server, Leah, made our experience so amazing! Not only was she super helpful, she knew just about everything you can imagine about the menu. AND she was totally personable, called us by our names the entire evening. Such a nice added touch! I got the Branzino and it-was-amazing! So flavorful and the touch of orange was perfect!It is a little pricey for an everyday kind of meal, but a great place if you're looking for something a little nicer than the usual! :)
5	Wow.  The setting is beautiful.  Our server was knowledgeable (both about the food and the wine), friendly (without being too friendly) and competent.  The food was fantastic.  And both the chef and the sous chef came out to see how we enjoyed our meal.  I notice that one of the other reviewers mentioned how good the Branzino was.  I also had this fish dish and it was exceptional. But so were the braised short ribs my wife selected.This experience was way beyond anything I would expect at a hotel restaurant.
4	Went for Sunday brunch. We made reservations for our party of six by phone in advance.  Beautiful restaurant, killer view. The brunch was buffet-style, cold plates of cut fruit, cheeses, antipasti, salame, etc. Hot foods in covered chafing dishes: bacon, sausages, potatoes, quesadillas/breakfast tacos, pancakes, waffles, etc. Omelet bar with name-your-own omelets. Bagels/lox/cream cheese. Very tasty food, and there will be something for everyone.Everything VERY fresh, constantly restocked, and high quality.Coffee cups sometimes not refilled, waters not refilled, OJ only offered at beginning of meal and then not refilled. Waitress was not busy, so this is why we only give four stars. If she had more "hustle" we would have awarded five stars due to the surroundings, the food quality and variety, and the friendliness of the manager who stopped by our table three times during the meal to make sure we had everything we needed.Classy operation; we'll definitely be back.
2	We went here for a holiday weekend while staying at the hotel. Thinking the food would have to be good for the extremely high price we went in with high expectations. The food was VERY mediocre at best. The scallops were cooked well, but over seasoned and the risotto they came with was gross. The salmon was overcooked and came with a vegetable side that ever more disgusting than the risotto which we could not finish. Needless to say we will not be going back...
5	This please is beautiful.  The food was amazing.  We started with the kale salad, my daughter had the scallops which were cooks perfect.  I had the best gnocchi ever.  They light and creamy.  The service was wonderful and can't wait to come back.
5	Crazy that it was almost 4 years ago that I wrote my initial review of Prado... time flies!I admit... despite plenty of visits to the Montelucia and to Joya Spa, I haven't been back too many times to Prado to dine.  That is, until a couple of weeks ago when I planned a bachelorette party dinner at Prado for my sister.  There was a group of nine of us and we dined in Prado's private wine cellar.  It was such a fabulous and memorable experience.I worked with the Sous Chef, Shawn, and he created a custom menu for our group with a limited selection of items from their new dinner menu. We started with shared plates of Chickpea Hummus, Cerignola Olives, and Calamari... all perfect and highly recommended.  We then had a choice of Fried Baby Artichoke or Tuscan Kale Salad.  (I went with the kale and loved it!) Next up was a choice of entree.  I had the salmon which was also amazing, but the girls that had the Prime Flat Iron Steak were extremely psyched with their order too.  Chef Shawn outdid himself and created a special "happy ending" (dessert) for us as well: strawberry cheesecake in a jar... again incredible all around!  In addition to the five star food, the service was extremely attentive and the drinks were tasty and strong... just what we needed!So is Prado good for groups?  It sure is!  Bonus: they have live music on Saturday nights.  You can't go wrong with the views at the Montelucia either... Five sexy stars for Prado (and Chef Shawn)!
2	We came here for a day at the spa.  We kicked off our visit to Prado for brunch.  Love the place and the surroundings.  We were greeted right away and had the choice to sit inside or outside.  I chose inside since it was a little warm still.  The server was a little slow in drinks, refills, getting the bill, and she forgot to bring a drink.  She was hard to flag down or get attention of.  I ordered the ham and cheese omlette, it was ok.  Bland, just bearly cooked to done and just not too great.  The potatoes were not fully cooked, still crunchy.  Meh...
2	visited Prado for my 22nd birthday dinner. Sad to say that this place is just OK. We started off with the burrata appetizer served with foccacia bread (which was untoasted). flavor was good but hard to enjoyed with cold, chewy bread. I had the sea scallops with chorizo risotto. Dish came with 3 beautifully cooked and seasoned scallops and mediocre risotto. The mister got the gnocchi dish which was excellent, however portion size was SO small. Enjoyed two cocktails one with some ginger syrup, great. I do not recommend the purple haze drink. Overall, the menu selection was small and the cuisine did not meet the standards of fine dining. Total ripoff and I would not return.
5	Normally I'm not a fan of hotel restaurants, but this place is a GEM!!  Fresh ingredients, great flavor combos, ambience is cozy and yet upbeat, and the service was amazing. Go early, have a drink outside by the fire, and watch the sunset on Camelback Mountain. Once inside, ask to sit in Nathan's section, he's awesome! He's so attentive without hovering, great suggestions, even brought me a sample of his favorite salad so I could try it! (Which I then ordered!)Order the kale salad...to die for and I don't even like kale! And the lamb chop app...wow! Have yet to check out dessert menu, service was so good, I'm writing this while finishing the lamb chops!
3	You are definitely paying for the resort's view when you come here. The outdoor patio is alongside a beautiful fountain row, surrounded by palm trees, with a breathtaking view of the Camelback mountains. The high arches of the patio give it a palatial feel. We opted for the continental breakfast ($26/person) since most of the main items that were featured on the breakfast menu (~15/dish) were included, along with coffee and orange juice. There is an omelette bar, waffles, breakfast tacos, potatoes, lox, yogurt parfait, and fruit. The food was mediocre at best-- I had very little motivation to finish any of the cooked dishes. The quality was what I would expect at a Denny's or hospital cafeteria (albeit a higher end hospital). The yogurt parfait was unfortunately the best item; the waffles weren't bad. Especially since I was staying at the resort so had already basqued in the view and there are so many great places to eat in Scottsdale, I should've been less lazy and left for lunch.
3	(Lyrics - Chic - Le Freak)Ah, Pra Do!Monte, LuciaPra Do!Ah, Pra Do!Monte, LuciaPra Do!Ah, Pra Do!Monte, LuciaPra Do!Ah, Pra Do!Monte, LuciaPra Do!Have you heard about the Montelucia?Come try it out, I'm sure you'll be amazedBig taste to be had by everyoneIt's up to you, it surely can be doneYoung and old are trying it, I'm toldJust one try and you too will be soldIt's called 'Prado', they're serving night and dayAllow us, we'll show you the wayPrado is located inside the famous Montelucia Resort & Spa.  Man this place brings it when it comes to relaxation and posh.  Overall, the service and atmosphere is top notch and nothing I can complain about.  Food wise, let's start the talking.  My group ordered some lamb, calamari and cherry tomato salad to start.  The lamb was delicious and well cooked.  Nice and tender and extra pink.  The calamari and cherry tomato salad I thought were okay at best.  For my main entree I ordered the Scallops.  Needless to say, the Scallops were cooked perfectly and atop a bed of rice.  Here's the thing, everything was well done and well cooked. Overall, service was awesome and food was good, but nothing surprising.  However, it's not to say I didn't enjoy my visit.  In the end, it's a pretty cool hangout for drinks simply because of the ambiance. - Enjoy!
2	The server was kinda silly but overall he was kind. The busboy was on top of it and they remembered it was our anniversary so that was very special. I'm sad to say that our food was mediocre. I ordered the gnocchi and my husband orders the salmon. The gnocchi was really mushy and oily. The salmon was bland. The cauliflower app was really yummy. I won't be coming back. Our bill was over $100 and I just didn't feel it was worth it.
5	A case study in great service. No more than 10 minutes after sharing our unfortunate and clearly uncommon experience, we received a call from the head of food and beverage extending their sincerest apologies.Everyone can make a mistake from time to time, but the great places make things right. In our case they made things right and then some. We've never been taken care of so well as we were by the staff and management of Prado.Thank you for an even more memorable evening than we were expecting!
2	Came for brunch and made the mistake of sitting at a high top by the bar since there was a wait for seating in the main dining room. We had the brunch buffet so the food was easy to access but no one ever came to wait on us so had to ask the hostess for utensils and a random waiter for drinks who never followed up with us again (I assume they thought we were being helped by someone else). We had to get the hostess to track down another random waiter to get our check printed too. I like buffets in that there is minimal interaction with wait staff but SOME I think is needed. You know, so you can have a water while you're choking down your dry pancake.I think it was $20 for the buffet and $26 for bigger buffet option where you could get sausage links, bacon and pancakes. That isn't clearly labeled though so just look at the menu at what the continental $20 buffet entails if you don't want the bigger one. The continental comes with a waffle an omelet station where you could build your own. That cook did make me a pretty great omelet.Also, the restaurant setting itself was nice- and glad I tried it since I hadn't before but I wouldn't go back.
2	This Italian restaurant is in a very serene resort with great service and outstanding decor. My dinner couldn't  match the hype. My server was very difficult to understand though he kept saying he was there to help me. After some deliberation, I chose the Burata and Tagliatelle. I wanted more Burata than tomatoes. It was overwhelming amounts. Same for the pasta. I think the ratio was 3 to 1 sauce to pasta. I sent most of the tomatoes and the sauce for the pasta back with no concern from my server. He was quick to drop the dessert menu, though. I was very disappointed. I would not attempt to return with those prices.
5	Location and view play a predominant role in my experiences.  This location is nestled in the mountains of Scottsdale and the view from the outdoor patio is breathtaking.  Five stars for that.The food is prepared and beautifully presented.  All dishes contained delicious tasting sauces and all used high quality ingredients.  Everything that touched our palate received either a nod, a smile or a swoon.  The chef and his staff are well trained in pleasing the eye, the mouth and the olfactory senses. Five stars for the food and presentation.Service was amazing.  It was not crowded and I felt like I was a Princess being waited on along with my Prince.  The total package was a five star experience.  Can't wait to return.  Bravo!
5	This place was sooooo good!!!!  I started out with the cauliflower small plate, and they know how to do cauliflower right!  It was amazing!For dinner I had the Bolognese, and it was as good as what I had in Italy!  Definitely the best pasta I've had in a while!The Tuscan red wine I had was also pretty amazing.Definitely check this place out.  The food was great!
