5	A great thrift store.  I discovered a lot of neat treasures here including a small collection of interesting T-shirts, a pair of blue Diesel sneakers that fit me perfectly, and a pocket reference book containing a bizarre set of numerical tables.Also I bought a set of shot glasses here that did not have the name of some city frosted on the side but instead are just plain clear glass as shot glasses should be.
3	Come here to pan for gold! Well, maybe bronze...or brass...Thrift shops of the new millennium tend to first get raided by other trendy-thrift stores, savvy fashionistas, and hipsters trying to avoid the Urban Outfitters look. ... annnnnnd the crumbs are left for us. But on occasion, you find store that appears promising!Come through the double doors with an open mind, and an 'everything to gain' attitude. You might leave empty handed, or you might leave with a bag full of goodies. I was lucky enough to drop in for their 1/2 off sticker sale, and walked out with a darling vase, denim skirt, super cool carpet/travel bag, and a new umbrella...all for under $10. I can't say this store is always a sure thing, but it's worth passing by from time to time...
5	This is my favorite Goodwill of the ones I've been to.  It is pretty large and well spaced out.  The clothes are organized by size and type of clothing, and there is a decent variety.  There are some name brands, and some great finds, but it is still a game of chance.  If all else fails, they have a lot of books that are in a nice nook to choose from.  The 'stuff section' is a little messy, but I'm in it for the clothes.  They also have some overstocks from Target to spice things up.  You do have to be careful about the parking which is either in a tiny lot which is often full, or on the street.  If I park on the street I use it an excuse to grab some food in the area or to go shopping at the stores in the 'Southside Works' across the street.  I hope this place can keep up its variety with more and more people shopping here for a good find.
3	The things I take home from this store tend to be newer items in fair-to-good condition. This is not a good store for vintage or unique clothes. The prices skew fair to high. The dress selection is pretty extensive, and seems to be a treasure trove if you're looking for the kindergarten teacher jumper-style of dress. The furniture and housewares section is kind of worthless- most things I like are priced beyond my "flinch point" at this goodwill. They definitely have a concept of the "value" of items, and price accordingly. There is rarely cute furniture, but I did score a beautiful metal vintage cabinet (that appeared to be... i can't verify the origins) straight out of a 1950s science classroom for $10. They do have a private lot, which fills up kind of quickly. It's a giant pain because parking is so scarce over there by SS Works. I am curious to see how long this GW can last across the street from that upscale strip mall experience. Worth a note: this is the motherload of all goodwill dumpsters, but you will have to do some scaling/crawling (under/over tall fences) with a careful lookout stationed on carson to avoid being ambushed & caught. Ive seen several working bikes come out of that dumpster.
3	Between the two major Goodwill Stores in the 'Burgh--the other one is on Ohio Street--this seems to be the better one.  Parking here is a little tight--the lot is very small for this size store.  On the upside, this store is very well organized.  They usually have stuff according to size.  The menswear is very well organized  and extensive.  On the downside, you do have to do a lot of poking around to find what you are looking for--especially if you are into vintage dresses like I am.  This isn't so much a haven for vintage wear.  I would imagine that in tough economic times as these, people come here more and more just to find everyday wear.They do have a good selection of used books.  I bought "East of Eden" from John Steinbeck here for $1.00 and an old copy of "David Copperfield" by Charles Dickens for 75 cents.
3	Just got back from the Goodwill Store.  Me -n- the Girl Posse (my friends Marla, Sherry, and Maryann) just kind of headed over here, spur-on-the moment.  We weren't really looking for anything in particular.  I did find a few used books I'd like to have.  But then again, I remembered the words I told myself, "No more used books, Susan, until you read the ones you've already bought."  Boy, that Susan D. sure spoils all of my fun!
2	I lived near this place for two years and almost never bought anything. Eventually I just stopped going. This is the Goodwill that everybody goes to, so you're not going to find anything here. And I hate that they make you check all bags. Usually, I just walked past because inevitably I had a bag with me.
3	Goodwill is well known as a place where you can get used, newer clothes in good condition.  But did you know that it can be the perfect place to get your Halloween costume?  I was searching for a polka dot dress 'cos I was dressing up as Minnie Mouse for Halloween.  And lo and behold I found one here in my size.  Of course I was Minnie Mouse because this past weekend, my husband Rick and I took our niece and nephew out to Idlewild Park.  On Halloween proper, Minnie's sluttier sister Maxine Mouse will appear!
3	A decent Goodwill.  There are a lot of rows of clothing for you.  I did manage to find some name brands tucked away amidst all of the Old Navy, Target and Walmart brands...for example, I did find some okay Banana Republic, Ann Taylor LOFT, Guess, Armani Exchange, etc.  However, if you really want to find cute, high quality clothing, be prepared to dig.  Luckily, this Goodwill organizes clothes (usually) by size with colored tags.  They also have a flat rate pricing for stuff unless it's considered a special find. There are also two small dressing rooms and a bathroom for your convenience. All in all, a decent Goodwill that requires some patience to find the right stuff for you :-)
4	This Goodwill is the primary place I get work slacks.  Thank you donaters for allowing me to dress for success for less! They have racks of slacks, khakis, blue jeans, skirts, dresses and shirts.  Waiting for a dressing room can take forever, but there's nothing you can do about it, so just look at the 70's ties while you wait.  There's a reasonable selection of shoes and accessories, as well as home wares and electronics.In addition to hunting for Halloween costumes, they also have a decent selection of holiday decorations that are fun to pick through.
5	Okay, I've gotta upgrade this one to five stars.  I was here on Friday thrifting with my friend Maryann.  We were going through the racks of used clothes and other assorted consignment goodies, not having much luck, when he happened upon some used DVDs.  And there it was. "Parker Lewis Can't Lose, the Complete First Season."Holee Shite!"Parker Lewis Can't Lose, the Complete First Season".One more time..."Parker Lewis Can't Lose, the Complete First Season"I'd nearly forgotten all about that show, but I used to watch it all the time when I was a teenager.  I didn't even know it was on DVD and I wondered who the hell would be getting rid of such a treasure.For those of you who don't know, "Parker Lewis" was an inventive early Fox TV show that paved the way for such later fare as "Malcolm in the Middle" (only without that show's nastiness) and "Scrubs".  I remembered how it was primarily a single-cam show with lots of fast edits and sound effects.  I remembered how it had odd colors in places and its quirky humor.  I remembered that Parker Lewis and his buds Mikey Randall and Jerry Steiner used their wit, some gadgetry, and their general cool to negotiate the world of high school.  Parker would pull some stunts on the show, but they were generally out of kindness and a desire to help his fellow students.  And if he just happened to promote himself doing so, so much the better.  But what I'd forgotten was how it was an important bridge between the 80s and 90s.  It went from pastels to grunge.  And it's a riot seeing some of the gadgets they used--VHS tapes, two way radios (remember, no cel phones), analogue TVs, cassettes and reel-to-reel tapes!  Doesn't make the show any less enjoyable watching it 20 years later.  Oh yeah, and the catchphrases:  "Not a problem", "Mental note", and my favorite, "Synchronize Swatches"!Coolness!
4	Great store at a great location with it's own private parking lot.  I have usually gotten lucky here, since hipsters and the rich people of point breeze, squirrel hill, and ShadySide dump off last season's clothing.  Plus they accept donations in their parking lot also, which is convenient during spring and fall cleaning!Plus, since my weight loss/tone up journey from last year, I frequent there every time I drop a Jean size.  I can usually get lucky and find a decent pair of Express or American Eagle jeans if I look long enough.  :-)
3	I'm a full on total spoiled brat when it comes to thrifting. I grew up in a town where the Salvation Army was organized by size, color, and even down to TYPE of shirt.That said, this Goodwill is NOT that. It's barely organized into shirts and pants. I don't want to be too tough on them. I have found some pants gems. (Not bedazzled jeans, not those types of gems.)It's sort of dirty and you can smell the toilet pretty much all over the store. Just don't expect department store level cleanliness or organization, keep your head down, look for the deals, and have cash on you. More than once I've been there and they couldn't take cards for some reason.
4	I want to commend the Goodwill for all the good work they do for the disabled, handicapped, mentally challenged and really anyone who needs a helping hand. This location sales about anything you would need, from clothes to shoes, mattresses and dishes. Oh and books!  There was a period of my life when I utilized the Goodwill driving services, which is a driving school. Their rates back there were $50.00, for an hour of instruction. Way cheaper than any comparable driving service that I could find at that time.  The instructor was an older gentlemen who was patient.
4	While shopping in the South Side Flats area, I also stopped in the Goodwill store.  I went in hoping to find a toaster... yes, yes, I know it was a gamble.  In fact, they didn't have much at all in the way of any small appliances.  However, I did find some other goodies though.  They had a great selection of women's shoes, gently worn.  If only I wore a 10 or a 7... drat!  Next time.  I also spotted a skirt I liked but one size too small.  The store was clean and well organized -- every shirt and skirt on the racks were perfectly hung and the quality of the clothing and shoes I scanned through was quite good.
5	Came in here with my mom from CA on a whim. We knew the thrift stores of SF set the standard (seriously, they're amazing!) so we really weren't expecting much. However, within a few minutes, I already had a few nice things in my basket - a genuine leather CHANEL pursue for $7.99, a black lace dress for $4.99, a floral summer dress for $4.99, navy blue J.Crew shorts for $2.99, black slipons from Ann Taylor Loft and a few cute blouses. I tried things on, tossed some and kept some. I was really impressed by the selection, how organized it was, and it even smelled really nice upon entering. The woman at the checkout, Patty, is so sweet and we chatted for several minutes. Upon checkout, she also gave me a 10% discount as a student, even for my mom's stuff,too! Excellent goodwill, very pleased and definitely plan on going back!
5	I love you Goodwill.You would think that would be a good enough review, wouldn't you?This Goodwill location on the SouthSide is amazing.  I love it because of how you can pull up and drop off your donations, then swing your vehicle in a spot and then go into the store and browse.  Take a deep breath, that mixture of old, warmth, and donated is the scent of Goodwill.When I said browse before, I hope you have at least a hour to browse.  It's part of the experience.  If you don't have time to browse plan to come on a day you can just putz around in the store and not have to be in a rush to head out to work or something.  Wouldn't want you to miss out on an awesome shirt, or maybe that coffee table you've been looking for is sitting there, or maybe somebody donated a CD you've been searching forever for.Take your time here.  And if you plan on coming here, take time at home to clean out that closet, make room in your dresser, sneak out a gift you really didn't want from last Christmas, then bring it with you, donate, then shop!Oh, good tip: don't forget to ask for your tax receipt when you donate, every penny counts nowadays.
3	pretty high turnover of furniture and housewares.  still looking for a bookshelf.
3	I am giving these guys three stars, its a large store sometimes they get good furniture items. I am guessing if you came by on their days new truckloads are brought in you could find some good stuff. I don't go here all of the time but have found some good clothing for clients here, at good prices. I stop in from time to time just to see what they have. I also really like what Goodwill does for the community in the Southside they offer jobs and job training programs for people with low income and special needs. They also have other various social service resources. So the charity factor is high for me here. Antique factor: 2/5 never seen any beauties here but you could one day. Thrift factor 4/5 most prices are on point. Customer Service 5/5: always been helpful staff here when I needed anything.
2	I wanted books. Everyone said how great this place was for books. NO. It really isn't. Very few, a shelf that spans a wall that it shares with VHS, DVDs and crates of useless vinyl (I collect that too). I found six books that interested me and let me tell you they were hard as hell to find- they just threw books on that shelf, no categorization, alphabetical order? You're out of luck. Good for everything I didn't want. Useless for bibliophiles. It's cheap but you can get books cheap from the Carnegie Libraries. Save your money and go there.
3	This Goodwill is bright, well-organized and fairly clean. I made some great finds especially in housewares and electronics. There is ample free parking which is very important in this area! I found some kitchen appliances with all parts and their original boxes. The pricing is reasonable.
5	Nuts to hitting Macy's or Target for after -Christmas sales (although I did do that).  Hitting up Goodwill is the way to go!  And because it'd been awhile since we did some serious thrifting, my friend Marla and I came here looking for some bargains.And find good bargains we did!  I found a beautiful Ralph Lauren cotton blazer.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  First of all, who gets rid of a Ralph Lauren?  Second of all, who'd ever expect to find one at Goodwill?  You'd expect to see something like that a good consignment shop.  Marla found some gorgeous sweaters for herself.  Sometimes it pays to really poke around in a place like this!
4	If you want to know what was popular in Pittsburgh a few years ago, I recommend the t-shirt racks at the Southside Goodwill. You can, of course get your fill of Penguins, Pirates and Steelers shirts, but  there's something super-entertaining about the shirts for college orientations long over, proms already celebrated, days of thanks for EMS staff ("I save lives every day, and all they gave me was this t-shirt" - I'm not sure that's as appreciative as their employer intended), and local festivals I hadn't heard of until they were over.I go for the good selection of clothing in decent condition, plus lots of other great, less essential finds. I stay for the entertainment value of the t-shirt racks, every time.
5	I had such a great experience here! I was on the prowl for some good novelty T-shirts for the summer; plus, I wanted to look at the couches because I'm moving to a new place in a couple of weeks. They had a really great selection. I almost even bought one of the couches that was in really good shape, but I would have had to pick it up in 24 hours and I wouldn't have been able to do that (although I might come back for it).  And the staff was super friendly and helpful- that is uncommon at a thrift store. After I had scoured through everything and got an armful of stuff, I walked up to the woman at the counter and we chatted for a bit. She even gave me a student discount (which I didn't even know that they had) even though I didn't have my ID card. I got 10 T-shirts, 2 pairs of pants and 2 sweaters all for about $35. I can't wait to come back, and I might even come back soon to pick up that couch!
1	Goodwill Sucks! They are not out to help anyone, especially the homeless! They are FOR PROFIT! Do not even try to order from them online! Garbage!
4	This Goodwill is a *little* better than other Goodwills I've been too. The clothes here are more modern and stylish and the crowd that shops here is younger. This store is small so I would recommend coming at least once a week to check for "new" items.
