5	We went with just a little trepidation, as we used to love this place under its old ownership as the Olive Branch. But I need not have feared. On this occasion we went with a party of six, three adults and three children from infant to teen. And without exception we were delighted. Not pretentious, but neither was it dull. The important thing was that the ingredients are well sourced and excellent, and then compiled into well balanced and delightful combinations. The staff too were friendly and helpful without being either too attentive or too absent, as seems to happen too often. And the ambience is perfect, neither too noisy nor too quiet. It all just works as a well thought through and executed package. Congratulations to the owners. Go there, they deserve it. And so do you.
5	I think Bia Bistrot will always hold a special spot because it was one of the first restaurants I visited in this city. I came across this place on a fluke with my uncle when I first arrived to Edinburgh back in November 2010.  It was pouring rain - in fact it mimicked a tropical rain shower except it was cold. We stood under a church canopy on the Holy Corner waiting for the rain to subside.  We quickly ran into Tesco to dry off but then realised we were hungry (and thirsty for something to take the edge off us being completely drenched!) Across the road we saw a packed bistro that looked very cosy. I recall there was only one table left and we quickly sat down. We both enjoyed a fantastic meal - I had venison which was cooked perfectly. It was such a memorable restaurant, that whenever my uncle visits me we make a point of coming here for dinner. The staff are very friendly and you can tell the chef takes real pride in the food. Bia Bistrot really lives up to being, "fresh, local, seasonal, sustainable, and homemade". They also have an excellent wine list. Further, for what they serve I think Bia Bistrot is very reasonably priced! I'll have to make a note to check this place out for lunch!
5	Hands down - this is my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh!
