4	Great Calamari and Southwest Nachos...used to work next door and frequent for lunch.  Staff very friendly.www.tenayacreekbrewery.com
4	I recently hosted a office luncheon here and all the food was good...especially the nachos with chicken.  Of course, the gold medal pilsner was tasty as well.  It seems to be good place to stop for a brew after work.
4	This place is pretty close to my house, and I've been meaning to try this place out for awhile.  When my friends wanted to grab a bite at a "low key place," this one came right to mind.  They had two soups to choose from for my friend that just had jaw surgery, so that was that.  Right before I left I happened to check restaurant.com, and they had a $25 gift certificate for sale for $10.  I bought that and headed over there to meet my friends.We discovered there was a $35 minimum for the gift certificate, but it included drinks.  We ran up a $65 tab or so with two beers (imperial-size microbrews for $5, not bad), two entrees (I had the fish of the day -- blackened tuna, which was very good), and an appetizer.  After the gift certificate, it was $40, plus the $10 we paid, so $50.  Oh, and that included an 18% gratuity.Our server was very friendly, and was very good.  The kitchen messed up and gave me mashed potatoes instead of the rice pilaf I asked for, but they made up for it by bringing out a large plate of rice pilaf, so it was all good.  Apparently it's happy hour all day Friday and Saturday at the bar with $6 apps, so that's a selling point, too.  I'll definitely pop back into this spot, especially if their menu is 24/7, which I think it is.
4	Great little brewery off the strip in Vegas.  The beer is quite tasty and a nice variety.  I'd recommend the Ringtail Pale and the Robust Porter.  Food is good as well, with many different options to choose from, ranging from salads to pizza to sandwiches to pasta.  The atmosphere is nice, and the times I've been here it's been kinda dead with just the locals hanging out playing pool, drinking some beers and hanging out with their friends.  My kinda place.
3	Definitely a place for beer. The beer was really good and reasonably priced for microbrew. There was a good selection and you can sample before you order.The food was ordinary. We had the hot wings, which were large and nicely spiced and came with a big scoop of cole slaw. We also had a ribeye steak which was fine, but not great. It came with mixed veggies which were both over and under cooked at the same time.I used a restaurant.com gift certificate and including beer it was easy to spend the required $35. I would go back for the beer but I was not impressed by the food. There are so many better choices in Vegas.
5	Great place for a quick bite and a micro brewed beer. I love their Heffeweizen the best. Very refreshing and you can't stop drinking them. (hic!)Was close to my house and work and was always my favorite watering hole when I lived there.
3	Just an update, called to make reservations for a client lunch, was informed as they no longer have a kitchen, they no longer take reservations.  FYI. Gave three stars b/c I haven't been.
3	We went here for drinks with a friend. We didn't have any food, so I can't comment on that. As mentioned by previous yelpers the beer is reasonably priced for a micro brew. The beer is pretty good too. They have a few pool tables if your the pool playing type. We had a nice night there, may go back again.
3	The beer is a 5-star experience - great brew and a knowledgeable staff make the beer here worth the 25 minute trek for me to visit.  However, in 2008 they closed their kitchen so no food is available anymore, which turned this place from a 5 star location to a 3.  No food?!  This is cheap.  Yes, we all know the real income for a location is the bar and gaming.  But the lack of food has turned the bar from a nice place to meet up for lunch into a kinda yucky place to go after work or on the weekend to smoke an entire pack of cigarettes in one sitting.  Beer great.  Staff knowledgeable.  But beer does not an afternoon make.
4	Our first stop on the "Microbrew Mini Crawl" (it's not a real crawl if you only manage to hit three bars) was Tenaya Creek Brewery.  Tenaya Creek is a solid craft brewery in Vegas, about 6 miles off the strip and next to a hospital.  In fact when we arrived the only things that stood out on the street were the hospital and the brewery which was sort of odd.Tenaya Creek is all about the beer.  And this being Vegas there is of course a little gambling thrown in.  They do not serve food.  No kitchen on site.  I recommend either picking up some tasty takeout on your way here or having a pizza delivered to Tenaya.  They don't mind.Back to the beer.  The Hefeweizen (4.8%) is a solid full bodied brew...very tasty indeed.  The 10th Anniversary Double Altbier (9%) is yummy and has an interesting heft.  Not very sudsy and with what I can best describe as a hint of a "beer liqour".  The Monsoon Double IPA  (7.6%) was double hopped and really popped.  Overall, Tenaya Creek was my favorite of the microbreweries that we visited and had the best beer and best selection of beer.  Next time I go I'll bring dinner in.
3	The restaurant was closed to the efforts of the anti-smoking Nazi's. The beer is still great but I miss the food.
4	Beers are very well done and worth the effort to trek out here if you're staying on the strip. Had the Hop Ride IPA and Pilsner and would order both again.
4	You'd think after a long day at AIDs Walk and Frankies Tiki Bar I'd be done up, but for whatever reason felt we must get some brews. We had a great Groupon deal of a sample flight, 2 pints and 2 takehome glasses( or you don't take the glass you get 2 more pints) for $10. Hefeweisen- very easy going and wheat creaminess with very light fruit in the end. Pilsner- moderate to high carbonation, crispNut Brown Ale- very smooth, malty and refreshingRingtail Pale Ale- malty but had some hoppy taste to itHoptide IPA- complex IPA, more bitter on the backend. This was surprising and I will come back to drink more of this, but it is a bitter beast, in a good way.  I like to fuck with my tastebuds. Barleywine- kinda tasted like if a Belgian beer like Chimay and Dogfish Head Midas Touch had a baby. Smooth at firsy yet has a bit of a raw bite and some grapey sweetness to it but not overly so. After a long day, I just went with a Nut Brown ale as I found it just smooth, easy and refreshing and BF went with a Hefeweisen as he was feeling for something easy too. Normally would grab the Hoptide or the Barleywine...this was smooth but 10.5% was a bit much for me being tired and also already had cocktails.  Other than those made by them, they usually have a few guests on tap. Currently it was the Dogfish Head Aprihop, Sierra Nevada 30th Anniversary and Glissade.  They also offer Growlers and Kegs to take home. I definitely will think about grabbing up a growler for a dinner party or just for us to enjoy. They're about $15 and then refills are a bit cheaper when you bring your jug back in. The place is actually very pleasant inside. The place is a large bar upfront and in the back was some tall tables, a couch, pinball/arcade and 3 pool tables. We played some pool and I'm royally bad in it.Shame that they took away their kitchen. I know its for the better right now because it's being made into a bottling facility to bust out into the market, but it seems a lot of local business is lost through not offering food. Its surrounded by offices who would probably gladly grab lunch here. I'd go more often too if there was food too- I've only heard good things about the previous food here. Hope one day they expand to bring it back. Even bigger craft spots like Stone who doesnt really need a restaurant has one on the brew site. Beer is just better with something to nosh on. Still, I like to support quality brews so I will be back.
4	Jeff the bartender made our couple hours here even better!  It was a nice breezy evening, Jeff hooked us up with a flight and told us about the brews, we selected a couple favorites after we finished the flight...nice evening.One of my favorites Vegas spots!
4	Although I do not frequent as much as I used to, this place is way off the beaten path and offers some fine food and beer.Always friendly and with great beer, good food and gaming it offers a nice alternative to the usual joints.
3	Tenaya Creek Brewery is not some place that you'll just happen upon.  Its a destination place.  The beer was quite good in both taste and selection.  The night I went, the place was rather loud due to a large group and it was very smokey.   They don't serve food, so be forewarned.  However, if you like beer and live in Vegas, Tenaya is a must go.
3	the drinks are great... im sad that they dont server food anymore... the food was pretty good... an the happy hour was cheap... I get off one night  from a long day at work... i stop by to get a drink!  so i order a tall hefeweizen beer... slowly calm myself down... totally hits the spot..!!  good atmosphere... stop by!!
4	The beers here are great! I am particularly fond of the Hop Ride IPA (and if you like Bear Republic's Hop Rod IPA, you'll like the Hop Ride) and the seasonals are good as well.  The guest taps are nice picks - once there were two Lagunitas brews.The downside - there's no kitchen!  The bartender is more than happy to recommend places that deliver, though, and we had a great pizza as a result.  The bigger downside - smokers! :( Fortunately you can get beers to go in 22 oz bottles or growlers fresh from the tap!
4	This past summer I bought 2 Groupons for TCB. In typical form, it has taken me a while to use them. The Groupons were for a beer sampler and 2 pints. A fellow beer lover friend of mine and myself decided that tonight would be the night to put these Groupons to use.Tenaya Creek Brewery is out there. If you live in the North West its close, if you live elsewhere it is not. It is also not in a shopping center, but across the street from the hospital. That seems like an odd place for a brewery. Oh well.I first noticed that the facility is large, but upon entering into the building, I noticed that most of the building is the brewery. That is a good sign! The bar area is not too big, but cozy. There are also a few video games and 2 pool tables in the adjacent room. All service is at the bar, and there is a snack machine if you get hungry. The inside strikes me as a typical beer pub. There are tons of TV's, and a beer list on the wall. There are a lot of windows, so that is unusual for Las Vegas bars. It was pretty smoky, but the ventilation seems nice, and the outside doors of the bar were open for most of the time we were there, which helped keep the air flowing. The bartenders were very friendly. They seemed to know the regulars, but were very helpful with us. They have a good selection of styles of beer made in house, plus a couple other micros on guest tap. Today one of the guests was from Big Dogs. I am not a huge Big Dogs fan, but I like to see other local breweries supporting each other. If you don't like beer, they also have a full bar...but if you are coming here and don't like beer, there may be something wrong  with you ;-P. The sampler was great, we had 7 beers. I am not an IPA fan and there were 2, but the Hop Rider did have a good spice flavor to it, which I've not found on other IPAs. I knew going in that my two favorites would be the Nut Brown and the Hefe. I also liked the Oatmeal Stout, not too heavy and a nice sweetness to it.  You can find TCB beer at other establishments across the valley, but you can also grab a growler or two here if you please. I wish that this place was closer to my house, but I will go back. They have the best beer other than Chicago Brewing Company (in my opinion) in Las Vegas.
5	Came here to watch the Super Bowl.  I was expecting the place to be packed, but there were only 10 people when I arrived at 2 pm.  By the time the game started, there were only 20 of us in the bar, perfect!  We saddled up to a table and had a fun time watching the game.  Here's what I ordered:Tenaya Creek Hop Ride IPA 7.2% abv ($5)2 - Tenaya Creek Oatmeal Stout 5.2% abv ($8)2 - Big Dog's War Dog Imperial IPA 8.8% abv ($6)Old Jackalope Barley Wine 10.4% abv ($5)The Beer was fantastic....every one of them were excellent.  The best part......my total bar tab was $24!!!!!  Yes, only $24 for all of that!  The bartenders were really cool and so was the other customers.The only thing that could make it better is if they served food.....but that's ok, we ordered a Pizza from Northside Nathan's (separate review) and that was awesome too.Other misc info:- There are 2 pool tables.- There's a breathalyzer machine where you can check your drunkness....didn't use it, LOL.- There's a small patio....that would be great during the Spring/Fall months.  It was actually really nice the evening we were there but there wasn't a TV outside to watch the game, so we passed.Return Factor - 100%
4	Came out for a UYE a few days ago and the beer was very good, from what I remember.  :)  My alcohol tolerance has been a moving target these past few weeks.That being said, the Tenaya Creek IPA here is really good as is the War Dog IPA that they carry.  I think it is cool they sell other beers besides their own.  One person in our party got the beer sampler with the groupon and the display they use to serve it is really cool.I'm a little bummed they don't serve food so they can have smoking.  They have a vending machine in the corner if someone gets really hungry.  And I've heard they let you bring outside food in.  I'll definitely be back to try more of their beers.
4	I always try new to find breweries on trips.  My friend had their Hop Ride IPA at Holstein in the Cosmopolitan Hotel so we decided to make the trek out to where the beer was born.  The brewery is on the Northwest side of town, about a 15 minute drive from the strip.  It's pretty nondescript.  Interior is very nice and casual.  We went on a Saturday afternoon and there were about five people at the bar drinking, surfing the net, or playing video poker.  Bartender (nice gal, can't recall name) was very polite and answered all our questions.  Seems like the perfect, casual place to go and have a couple locally brewed beers.  The best beer they had on tap (of their own) was the Hop Ride.  And awesome IPA.  The rest of the offerings were pretty run of the mill.  No food, which is why I won't give it five stars.  But, if you need a little break from the action on the strip, this is a great place to go, relax, and throw back a couple.  Nice pool table room, too.
4	This is a good gem tucked in the Hospital district over here in Summerlin.  Their brown ales and oatmeal stouts are very delicious.  Their many TVs make watching March Madness a major to-do.   They have pool and darts too if you aren't feeling up to that (or are there after next week).   Very good price per pint.
4	The 2nd leg of Ken M's "Tamales and Brewskies" UYE found us at Tenaya Creek Brewery. Needless to say, this was the brewsky portion of the festivities.I'll cut to the chase. Great beers. Decent price points. If you like local breweries, you can't go wrong with TCB. I had the Hop Ride IPA (7.2% ABV) and Matt's Midnight Porter (6.6% ABV). I love IPAs and this one was no exception. The porter was a nice change-up to round off a successful night.If it wasn't so far from me, I'd probably be here more often. Support your local breweries! OK that's my PSA for the week.
4	Awesome local brewery!  You like craft beer?  You must go here!  We tried several beers here, including the Hope Ride IPA, the new barley wine, and the Red Ryder, as well as a few guest taps (Lagunitas Gnarly Wine and the Deschutes Hop in the Dark (black IPA).  The Hope Ride and the Red Ryder were both beautifully hoppy beers.  The Hop Ride was just a tad maltier than a prefer, but overall an excellent IPA.  The Red Ryder was an amber with a little hop bite to it, which I loved, along with an American Amber Ale mouth feel and taste.  The barley wine was a bit too sweet, which tells me that it might not have fermented completely.  I'd skip this year's TC Barley wine.  The guest taps are amazing.  You aren't going to find Anheuser Busch on tap here, only craft brews with quality ingredients and care.  The Lagunitas Gnarly Wine was excellent, although a bit malty for my personal taste.  The Deschutes... well, that brewery always makes top notch beer.  Sometimes they have some Big Dogs brews on tap here, and often the last of the batch!Although the craft beer here is amazing for Vegas, the downside to Tenaya is that they closed their kitchen about three years ago.  However, there are more than enough restaurants in the area that cater to Tenaya Creek, and are more than happy to deliver food.  Rock on, Tenaya Creak, keep brewing great beer!
3	I would rather go somewhere else. It's hard to find a bar in Vegas that doesn't have a smoking problem and this bar is no exception. I enjoyed my beer but could do without the smell of cigarettes.
4	I have a lot of input for this place:~The food they once served was stellar,but is now gone...to make more room for the brewery,fine,cool.+Gotta give it up to being a local brewery that can make and pimp out their own product to several Vegas valley locations-I see them everywhere.+Price is right, as every time I go, it seems to be happy hour. BTW HAPPY HOUR IS Mon - Fri 4pm - 7pm and 10pm - Close. All Day Saturday and Sunday!+They do pitchers. if it's happy hour, $9.+Holy lord, they do growlers.(A take home jug!!)+You can rent out the pool room for birthdays.+They have the usual, plus seasonal and guest taps as well.+I see the same bartender, bustin' his ass every time I go.+Has a pay-breathalizer machine!!!!!-I do miss the food. Eat before you get here. I have heard they let you bring food from outside,but not confirmed.~hours 10a-2a; which I guess I'm neutral about. Rarely am I at a bar after 2a.~Beers on tap are their own hefeweizen, nut brown ale, gold medal pilsner, and hop ride IPA....which to me are ok, but I'm not quite a beer snob yet.-typical smoky, gambling,sporty,loud bar atmosphere.~I don't gamble,but they always have some jackpot or card promo.
5	As a self proclaimed beer snob, I love to try any new and off the wall beer that I can get my hands on.  Tenaya Creek is one of the best places in town to do just that!Aside from their standard collection of brewed on site beer, Tenaya Creek always features a few seasonals.  You can find everything from an oatmeal stout to a double IPA, depending on the season.  They also carry rarer beers on tap from breweries such as Sierra Nevada, Stone, New Belgium, Rogue, North Coast, etc.If you're looking for Budweiser, this isn't the place to go. However,  if you want a quality beer at a great price, I'd advise anyone to stop in and give it a try.  In fact, if you're looking for Budweiser, go to Tenaya Creek and have their high quality Pilsner instead.  Your taste buds will thank you!
5	Love their beers! Love the Tandem Double IPA and the Calico Brown is now on tap in my house. They also have some rare beers on tap besides their own brews.
4	I like this place....much more now than when it first came around.Since their early days they have closed their kitchen and concentrated on one thing. BEER. Have no fear though..they have a complete list of local eateries that deliver so you can still get your grub on. They have really come into their own as a local microbrewery. Waiting for their Oktoberfest to come on tap and see how they are doing with it. As with most microbreweries they have something for everybody to give em a try..It is great to see a good brewery thrive here in Vegas.
4	Beer four to five stars, but no food?  Their food used to be so good too!  It's nice to get away from the strip, but makes for an expensive cab ride when you enjoy a few of their great craft beers.  I'll give them four stars, but could easily downgrade to three for no food.
1	So I had driven by the place and thought it looked pretty chill. I like finding unique places, especially when they brew their own brew. So I looked it up, and found that they were open until 2am, awesome! So a bunch of us tried to go last night. We showed up at 1am and despite the fact that they had big bold lettering "open 10am til 2am" on the front door - they were closed.I'm sorry I can't get behind a business that is going to close early without warning. If you are going to do that maybe don't put in large font on both your front door and your website that you are open until a certain time. Good luck trying to convince me to go there! No thank you.
4	As I write this review, I am sipping on a growler of their Oktoberfest, which I wait for with great anticipation every year. I have been coming to this bar for probably a good 5 or so years. That says alot for a beer snob such as myself. So, here goes a mini critique on some choice microbrews offered here.Their Pilsner is by far my absolute favorite of all pilsner style beers. Period. The Hefeweizen is ranked pretty high for me. It's not your typical all coriander and orange taste like most others. Oktoberfest is just plain legit. I definitely know it's fall when I'm sipping on a pint. Nut Brown is not typically my style, but theirs is the only one I will drink. I can say the same about the Hop Ride IPA; also not typically a style of beers I'm crazy about. Theirs is extremely well balanced compared to others. Say maybe a way of getting your feet wet in the world of IPAS, just incredibly well balanced.I'm proud for them now extending out of just the one bar, I've sold and seen their taps in other bars and restaurants, mad props, I hope business is good.Another thing, which should be automatic when you work at a micro brew establishment.. your bartenders actually know their shit. I hate going to a bar where the barkeeps don't have a clue on what they're pouring. Alot of people are used to the gas station variety, and I understand that. But if you come here, why not get the full experience instead of ordering a "KERS LIGHT," haha.Only reason they're not getting a 5 outta 5 is cuz of the drastic changes regarding no more kitchen and closing at 2 AM versus 24 hours : (
4	Las Vegas Brewery Stop #2No food, just beer...the way I like it. Focus. Too many places try to do it all.  Sampler:PilsnerHefeweizenCalico Brown AleHop Ride IPA - A beautifully hopped beerSeasonal: Summer Sunrise KolschSeasonal: Moonsoon - DIPASeasonal: OktoberfestEverything was incredibly balanced. The Hop Ride IPA was delicious, defiantly West Coast style. The Calico Brown was really interesting...there was just something about it that made me want to get to know it better. If you wanted to try something new their guest tap included Lagunitas, Deschutes, Dogfish....really impressed. This was probably my favorite brewery in Vegas. Thank you Tenaya for your delicious beers and for investing in a bottling line for us out of towners.
4	I finally got to try Tenaya Creek Brewery when I was in town last week for a convention.    This place is pretty chill.   I was staying at the La Quinta just down the street so I figured, what the heck.   I had read good reviews on Yelp about it.   After dinner at Big Dog's Draft House, I stopped by Tenaya Creek at about 11 pm.  The bar was pretty full, but I found a spot to sit.    The bartender was fast and very friendly.   I started off with the Monsoon DIPA and it was really good.   It had a nice hoppy finish.   I followed that with a Hop Ride IPA which was equally tasty.   Looking back, I wished I had started that evening earlier as I had to call it a night after only two beers.   The room was a little smokey, but hey, it's a bar.   The other bummer is that they don't serve food.   It was fine for me since I had just eaten, but happy hour isn't complete unless there is some food.   Kudos to the bartender, he did a great job.  Will I be back?   Yup.
5	Great place to just hang out and enjoy a good beer! My husband and I had some time to kill before our flight home to Las Vegas, and I had seen this place on Yelp, so we decided to venture away from the Strip and have a few pints. We were not disappointed at all, in fact we couldn't believe that for two beers we only had to pay $6. We wish we had known about Tenaya Creek a week sooner, because then we would have bought a growler and taken it to our hotel room for the duration. Meanwhile the bartender was awesome, and the other customers were friendly and local. We couldn't have found a better temporary home, and we will be back!
5	GREAT GREAT and oh yeah GREAT! Super staff....amazing beers. They have their own on tap and always have a nice selection of other craft brews! I could spend a ton of time on each beer but just go in....sample em all you wont be disappointed and wil be just as hooked as i am!
5	being that im from San Diego, CA this brewery is a 5 star in vegas. after trying sin city and not liking it. I couldnt wait to get back home to my micro-brews down home. but my bff was wanting a crafted beer from vegas so i call around to see who bottled there own beer and this place was the first to tell me YES. and i tried there beer while i was there and was not disappointed.
4	Beers are hoppy and my boyfriend loved the beer there. No kitchen, but there is a small vending machine with snacks.
2	I really wanted to try this place, it was close to my hotel and gets good Yelp reviews.  I went on a Thursday evening around 7 PM.  When I walked in the door there was no hostess to seat me, but that's okay because I could see into the bar and find my own place to sit.  But every table I walked past was covered in a substantial layer of foood and beer.  There were no menus at any of the tables.  What would normally be a very nice bar was ruined by the presence of video poker machines set into the bar.  No room to eat at the bar due to the video poker.  There were two guys at opposite ends of the bar arguing at full volume and the bartender just stood there and ignored the whole scene.  I did find a place to sit, but never saw any wait staff to offer me a menu or take my order.I'll give this place a shot next time I'm in town because my experience seems to be in such stark contrast to the other reviews and I hate to condem a place based on a single experience.
5	I really like this brewery and I love the fact that it is more local and not touristy. There is only a bar, no kitchen, and the atmosphere is super chill. They have two pool tables in a back room, plus dart and some other games. I love their Calico Brown Ale. This is what I order every time. The bartender is very friendly and helpful. The first time we showed up there, he gave us samples and explained all the beers. I'm getting thirsty writing this review. Cannot wait to go back!
4	You can find their brews in local shops around town if you cant make it down to see them in person but its highly recommended that you do. The staffs is very knowledgeable about their beers and are happy to give you a sample of whatever guest brew they have on tap that month. The regulars were very welcoming whenever I show up and were always had a new and interesting topic to discuss from politics; to sports and even music. The beer is always fresh, super cold and refreshing its worth the drive to experience a local brewery at its finest. Only negative and reason I didn't give them five stars is that they don't serve food any longer; if you get hungry they are always willing to place an order for you and they have a seemingly unending list of local menus.
4	Been back a few times since my first review and on a recent visit came for a going away party. This was a really good easy going venue to do that. There is plenty of seating, there are billiards, games so everyone could interact. It wasn't overly smoky and it was quiet to carry on conversation. Of course the one downside is there isn't any food, but we had pizza delivered to the spot and they have no problems with people bringing in food. The bartenders here are friendly and actually try to talk to patrons. Every beer they brew is pretty solid, with Hoptide being my favorite. They also have a few well selected guest taps each season. I would say if you have beer geek friends and you want somewhere easy going to hang this is a really good spot to do that. Bring in some food and you're set!
4	Amazing beer but sucks no food; however, you can bring your own food in. Gets good crowd for Sunday football! Pool tables and arcade games make it enjoyable time
5	Visited Tenaya meanwhile on Vacation to Vegas from California. We hoped around from micro brewery to micro brewery but we were especially looking forward to this one. We kept in contact with the head brewer a month prior to our visit to arrange a brewery tour (which is a hobby of ours). When the big day finally arrived we were super impressed with the location, the brewery and the employees. It is a great spot to play pool and drink some great beer, and I sincerely do mean GREAT BEER. It was nice to have the lady finally find an IPA that she enjoys.If visiting and a craft beer enthusiast I recommend setting up a tour. It was enjoyable and very informative. Tenaya Creek will be a Brewery we will look forward to stopping by when in town.
5	I can NEVER!!!! NEVER!!!! get enough of this brewery!!! I wish I could work here!!! they are simply one of the best...local brewery's around and I stop by often!!Just remember they Do Not server food any more!! they often have food trucks come by...But don't let that stop you!!!!
5	Spectacular beer and an interesting atmosphere.Tenaya Creek has great and honest beer. They're starting to get traction throughout the valley because of how popular they've become. Both of their IPAs (Monsoon and Hop Ride) are spectacular and it's nice to finally see a brewery with the cajones to release two beers in the same style. Get the sampler. The guest taps were expert as well, some rare new belgium (which was probably the best beer I've had in months) and some Coronado Brews on tap. These are also excellent.The place itself was kinda dark late into the Sunday evening I went but everyone was clearly having a good time. The service was fast and spectacular- whoever ran the bar around 8pm on 11/18 was a testament to hard working bartenders everywhere. It's clean and reasonable inside. Outside would've been nice but it was too cold.The oddball here is their BYOF policy. I called and asked about this and a helpful employee immediately started providing solutions and delivery services. Also they occaisionally have food trucks out. It's actually not a bad thing at all, especially when KOMEX is only about 10 minutes away. If you haven't looked up KOMEX do yourself that favor.On top of all this: sweet mother of tight-walleted goodness was this cheap. I bought for my threesome of solid beer snobbery and brought some beer to go and ended up at Thirty Two bucks. Great deal.Should've bought a growler. Those were a good deal too.
4	For sure the best brewery in all of Las Vegas. They brew some great craft beer here, really great beer!For as big of a city Vegas is, I was always disappointed in their offerings. I'd been burned by some of the bigger and more advertised breweries in town, but Tenaya made up for all of them.I'm a hop head, so my favorite offerings are the Hop Ride IPA and the Double Tandem Double IPA. Both are solid and have everything you could want from a west coast IPA. If you're not into the big hop flavor, give the Red Ryder a go, it's an excellent balanced beer. And I've never been a huge brown ale fan, but their Calico Brown is damn tasty. And the Pilsner is a very approachable, easy drinking beer that I would recommend to anyone that says "I don't like beer". I like how they both sell bomber bottles on site, as well as fill growlers here. If you find a beer you love, getting a full growler for enjoying at home is the way to go.
1	Soooooo smokey and nasty inside that we could hardly breathe yet alone smell our beers. The smoke was so bad that we didn't even stay to finish our beers, we were choking and gagging for air the entire time, we paid and left after 5 minutes.I ordered the house Hefeweizen and was utterly disappointed to see that they put a lemon in it, a clear sign that it is going to be a watery, tasteless, shitty Hef and lone and behold it was like drinking water. The kitchen was closed so we couldn't get anything to eat, not that I wanted to spend another minute in place. The only good thing about this place is that the drafts were $4
3	I haven't been here in over 2 years and used to really enjoy the place. The beer is still pretty good, but the service, smokey atmosphere and absence of food has really made me consider if the beer is good enough to come back for. I'm not a beer snob and enjoy a good craft beer, but when it takes me 10 minutes to get a beer at the bar on a pretty average night I question if it worth it.The game area is better and has two pool tables, electronic darts and a few arcade games. The sitting area is ample for the room and the air circulation is considerably better than the bar area.All in all, its a decent place and is worth the short walk from my condo, but I wouldn't go much further to be honest.
5	The guys at Tenaya Creek are real passionate about what they do and it shows.I had the opportunity to take tour of brewery courtesy of the UNLV Beverage Club a few weeks ago. We got a chance to go behind the scene and see how the beer is actually made. Tour gives one a chance to see just how painstaking and complicated it is to make  brew the beers this microbrewery serves up. Its good to see the owners drinking their own product cause it tells you that the beer is good. The tour allows you to sample 3 of their most popular beers: the pilsner, the hefeweizen, and the IPA.The hefe was nice and light, with a great wheat taste. The IPA though not my favorite had high alch content and a good hoppy flavor to it. The pilsner was a good intermediate.Keep in the mind that this place is a straight up brewery. They do not serve food - just their own craft beer. To me this this really the only downside - if your hungry you will have to look else where, but the beer is the real reason you should be checking this place out anyways. In the back room they have a few arcade games (typical bar fare) and a pool table for those interested. This place is a must for anyone looking for true craft beer!
5	Love the Hef, love the staff. The prices are great, and I can bring in my own food.
5	I sometimes stop by here after work to slam down a few beers.The place is small and quiet, no kitchen, so it's strictly a place for drinking, but there's a pool table, tv, and other things to keep you entertained while you drown yourself in your sorrows.It's a very local-type place, so shmoozers come in and go out real fast, and you don't have to be worried about bothersome assholes. I think this is one of the only bars I can go to and not be fucking bothered by some loser. Everyone is real good at keeping to themselves.The bartenders have always been nice to me here, and pretty funny too!What's the bonus, it's right across the street from the hospital. So if you get too slammed, your golden ticket to the ER is only a barf, skip, and roll away!
5	Very tasty beers. The IPA's here are very well made and definately West Coast Style, loaded with hop flavor and aroma. All of the other beers are also very well made, and reasonably priced. Plus it's open 24/7, Damn I Love Vegas!!!No food, but hey who needs food, damn fine beer, damn fine service, and a very laid back atmosphere, oh and if it's available the Old Jackalope Barleywine is a MUST TRY!!!
5	By far my favorite local brewery! The brew is fantastic (Hop Ride IPA, Monsoon, Old Jackalope Barley wine are my fav), and the bartenders are super knowledgeable and welcoming. There is no longer a kitchen, but its for the best. You can bring in or order whatever you want to eat! My girl and i religously refill and destroy growlers on "two-for-one" Sundays. :)
5	This is our "Cheers" or "Winchester".They have REALLY been upping the game lately, with special offerings! It's American craft beer week and they are releasing a different beer for each day! Food trucks often appear (I'm pretty sure most of the week now), and they partner with local talent to make beer infused popcorn, chocolates, and I've attended a dinner night at Whole foods featuring Tenaya Creek beer.They also have art night in the back, I believe once a month.It's not typical of me to make friends out in public, when when you see the same crowds, it's hard not to! So I have a whole group of friends now centered around good beer!SO if you haven't been in a while here's what else to expect:Food trucks visit because the kitchen has been closed since 2008.They allow you to rent out the pool room space for events.Live bands play here.Jukebox lets you pay on your phone and remote transmit your request.Specials around "holidays", and I say that in quotes because beer holidays are not observed anywhere but at bars.The website is doing much better, with updates of "what's on tap?"...something I've always appreciated, a place letting customers know the latest brews.I dont have anything bad to say :D
5	I've been going to this bar since I turned 21 and I even had my 30th birthday party there.  I love this bar.  The beer is very tasty and is finally getting the recognition it deserves.  The bartenders kick ass and the environment is laid back.  Go check it out!
4	This brewery was nice and cozy...oh, and their beers were pretty tasty too!.  Their brewing facility did look really cool and bartender Mia and their head brewer were both very friendly and extremely knowledgeable about their stock.  Their beers frequently change which is great for those who like trying new things!
4	For Vegas breweries, 4 stars, for the Pacific NW, California, or Colorado 2-3.Craft beer in Las Vegas is mediocre, I'm sad to say, so the bar is set low. Granted, craft beer is only 10% by volume of the US beer market and much of the Las Vegas tourism trade is more interested in Bud/Miller/Coors.The beers are generally below average for the national craft beer scene, but above average for Vegas. The taster is cheap, and we got to try 8 beers- hefeweizen, pilsner, brown, oatmeal stout, barleywine, IPA, double IPA, and a pale ale. For the most part 4.5-5.5%ABV average beers without a strong malt or hop presence except the IPA. Surprisingly, the double IPA was much less hoppy than the IPA, and was overpowered by a sweet finish. For a beer geek like me a flaw, for others probably still an OK beer.I liked the brown the best, like many other reviewers, but not because it was a great beer, more because it was the better of the bunch. Don't come here with high beer expectations if you are a Las Vegas visitor, and you won't be disappointed.Pros: variety of taps, locally brewed fresh beer rather than macro lagers, good compared to the competition, view of the brewery, good parking, decent bar interior and very friendly service.Cons: not great beer, hard to see taplist board in a dark room, hefeweizen tasted like a pilsner and other flaws, no food available except from food trucks on Thursdays and Fridays.
4	Checked out a few different breweries in the area while on a recent visit to the area.  This was by far one of the best.  They had a great selection of many different types of beer and each one was really good.  The service was good, the brewery was large and the atmosphere dark and noisy.  You can order from a full bar as well or get one of their beers in a bottle or growler to go.  They have a large parking lot and they are easy to find and not far off the freeway.
5	Awesome beer! Best pilsner ever! Check the Facebook page for their special events including food trucks that stop by. And careful with the Barley Wine!
4	I come here about once a week, especially if my growlers are on E. Usually, I make a trip on Sundays for all day Happy Hour and 2-4-1 growler refills. $11 for 2 64oz jugs of their calico brown is a pretty sweet deal. Just be sure you have Tenaya Creek growlers. They offer a nice selection of draft and the staff provides good customer service. They closed the kitchen to use the space for bottling but you can get food delivered or just bring your own. If I'm planning on having more than one brew and staying awhile I usually pick up some grub on the way. I consider the lack of food service to be a positive rather than a negative because I'm not limited to any particular menu at Tenaya. The only reason this joint doesn't get 5 stars is the smoke factor. Sometimes it's a non-issue and sometimes it gets pretty smoky in here. It really varies depending on the time of day and the weather. If it's nice out and the patio doors are open it's usually not bad.
4	The craft beer scene in Las Vegas is practicality nonexistent so I'm always happy to find good craft beer when I visit Vegas.  A few friends and I stopped in to check out what TC had going on in the craft beer realm.  As someone that likes hoppy high ABV brews, I was happy to find multiple IPAs and Pale Ales.  The Monsoon, Hop Ride and Tandem were all solid IPAs with different tastes.  I was surprised how smooth and easy to drink all three were.  I also really liked the hauling oats oatmeal stout, that was also very smooth ... but I guess that's what you get when you serve it on nitro.All in all, solid beer and good service.  A few random things about TC ... they don't serve food which means you can smoke in there.  Which means it's a little smokey in there ... just be ready for that.
4	The kitchen has been closed for some time now and concentrating on the beer has seemingly given them greater exposure as they are widely distributed locally.
5	This is one of the few bars in Vegas where I truly feel at home when I walk in. Awesome craft beer, great cocktails, and the best part: super friendly, cool bartenders. It's also a great set-up: wide, attractive bar, handwritten daily brew specials. Live music on weekends & a good spot for watching the game the rest of the time.
4	This place has everything you could ask for from a local bar.  Great service, friendly staff, good beer. The only reason why they don't get 5 stars is because they need food!! Having food here would seal the deal to one of the best local bars in town
4	They brew their own beer very good I will be going back.
4	Cool brewery in Las Vegas.  My buddy mapped out a brewery crawl for Vegas and this was the first brewery on our list.  They sell this beer at Costco so Tanaya is coming up.The beers here are pretty good but very odd. The color/look of the beers don't look like what I'm used to seeing.  For example, the IPA doesn't look nor taste like an IPA; it looks more like a hef (picture a really bright yellow instead of a dark-orange); it also tastes like more like a Belgium than an IPA. A lot of the beers have a floral/fruity to them which I'm not used to.  I give them props for trying different stuff.-For example, they make their traditional IPA infused w/ grapefruit.  Very odd.  A bit acidic w/ an odd aftertaste.  -Their alternate IPA, Monsoon IPA, is infused w/ flowers as well.  It tasted okay but also odd.-I really enjoyed the local 702 pale ale.  It's an American pale ale but infused w/ floral.  It reminded me a bit of Alesmith's My Bloody Valentine.  This beer was definitely my favorite.  Very smooth.PROS:-Cheap!  $1 for tasters (even the seasonals).  You can try all 10 of their beers for $10!-Full bar -You are allowed to smoke inside.  The smoke can be strong; we had to sit outside in the patio area.-Cool patio area-Games inside like skeeball, pool table, a punching bag game.CONS:-They no longer have a food menuTIPS:-Located across the street from a hospital.
3	The world of craft beer has come to Las Vegas. Well, it has been here, I've just finally found it. I've been here on two separate occasions, once during the day and once last night. I guess the most pressing issue here is my opinion on the beer. Well, for my first visit I had the HEFEWEIZEN which is pretty darn tasty. I had a lemon with mine and it's more of a wheat-y beer. I was quite impressed. My second visit, I explored more into their choices and tried the stout HAULING OATS. Now this was a delicious oatmeal stout. Most people don't like stouts, well those who I've come across. This my friends, was a stout that I would introduce my friends too if they wanted to get their stout game on.Finally, at the pinnacle of my taste buds rested my good friend CALICO BROWN. This is a brown ale that honestly hit the spot. Great stuff and all of their beers are fairly priced. The location of Tenaya Creek is across from Mountain View Hospital on Tenaya, which if you end up drinking too much, could always just make your way too for some IV fluids. Well to be honest, please don't do that. The inside is very nice, there are two pool tables and some games to play like darts and some video games. Bar stuff if you will.The one downside is that they don't serve food. I heard an ancient tale that they used to serve food but they weren't really making much off of it. That's okay, because it seems as if most nights they have this awesome taco truck pull up outside and they feed you delicious food. At first, I was skeptical of this place. But I've actually started to really like this place and appreciate it for more than their craft beer. So for all you beer fanatics, take a trip down to Tenaya Creek and don't leave without trying at least two of their beers.
4	This is an excellent tasting room. Tenaya Creek beers are great and unavailable where i live in San Diego. So when I took a trip to Vegas I had to check out their brewery. Its kind of off the beaten path for a tourist butt well worth the effort to get there. The place is larger than most tastings rooms that I have been to but it is a very intimate and casual type of place. The bar tender was very knowledgeable on the beer and the locals were very friendly. I will definitely go back.
4	A nice place that serves great beer. It does not have food. After a couple of beers, you need to leave to get food at another place and finish the day/night there. Bartenders are friendly and decor is pleasant.
5	I'm usually here with my best yelper friend Traci T, go figure. ;) The local craft beer is good and they have a Local 702 APA which is my fave but they also have the Hauling Oats and the Hop Ride, which are also good and I'll sometimes drink if something Hoppier is on my taste buds that day. The kitchen has been closed for some time, the RIP headstone above commemorates the time but they allow you to bring in food and often have a food trunk in the parking lot. The bartenders are super cool, and friendly. They have a patio, so well probably be seeing them more this summer, however if they have HH it's not widely advertised and that would make it even better. Beyond they bar they have a pool table, plenty of TV's, an electronic dart game and an annoying electronic punching bag.
5	Sunday 2 4 1 refills are great
5	Super chill locals bar with amazing craft beers! The bartenders Jeff and Brian know their regulars and are loved by all! It seriously feels like a second home here.  Pool tables, some arcade games and an amazing skee ball game that allows you to win tickets for beer!! Tenaya will feature a few guest beers on tap but you really should try their seasonals or whatever Jeff and Brian suggest that night.  My personal favorite is the God of Thunder Baltic Porter! Delish!  Since they don't serve food here they have a food truck that rolls in many nights or people bring their own! It's welcomed! Great spot to throw back a few beers and conversate!
4	I liked this place! The bartender was wearing a Tigers jersey and he shows Tigers games! My boyfriend and I like this! :)PROS:The bartender was very cool, personable and helpful. I could see us becoming regulars because if the service and atmosphere and good beer.The beers were pretty good! My boyfriend really liked the Local 702. I had the Haulin Oats on nitro which was good too.There were no kids so this was a plus! I hate going to breweries and seeing families and kids. Pretty sure this place is 21+I liked that they had a parking lot. So parking was not an issue. I was even able to park in the shade under a tree. In the Vegas heat, this is a big plus! CONS:No food menu.
5	Real simple:Amazing beerGREAT pricesWide varietyCool bartenderIt's definitely more of a bar than a brew pub.
3	I'd give this a score of 3 1/2 if I could. Good quality beer. I rated each one 3.75 out of 5 on both BeerAdvocate and Untappd. I was really looking forward to the oatmeal stout, but they were out. Maybe next time. There's no food, but good atmosphere and friendly staff.
5	My go to. Regular here, love the bartenders, best bloody marys in vegaa. Great beers. Great atmosphere. 10/10
1	Bad customer  service....walked in and walked right out.  Their beer selection  is not very good.
4	This place is known for their Pilsner so I had to make time to stop in and try a pint or two.   We decided on doing a sampler along with a full pint of the Pilsner.  The tasters were excellent which included two IPA's- hopride and monsoon, hefeweizen, hauling oats oatmeal stout, brown ale, Oktoberfest and old jackalope a barley wine.  Their pricing on their growlers is very reasonable at $15 including the growler. They also have a two for one growler fill on Sundays. We didn't get a chance to try any of the food but we will definitely be back to give it a shot.I'll definitely be back. e didn't get a chance to try and
5	I come here for the Bonanza Brown, formerly Calico Brown, which is one of my favorite beers. It's worth a trip here just for the home brews.   They will, from time to time, have seasonal beers. The service is always good, and I never feel like I'm unwanted because I'm not a gambler, which is common in many Vegas bars. It's a nice atmosphere.
5	Great atmosphere, great bartenders, great beer, pretty good clientele... my only complaints are that it can get pretty smokey in there at time and that they are not closer to my house.
