5	My car totally spazzed out last night!!!! I replaced my battery Saturday after it died and then weird things happened on the way home last night. I totally broke down at Priest and University, got a jump and parked outside Ronnie's Auto Service (Cnr of University and Roosevelt). I had an idea it was my alternator and left a crazy note on their door. I have met Rick (the owner) on many occasions as I will drive by and get him to put air in my tires. He is always very very nice to me and will not take a tip. I had no hesitation asking him to fix my car this morning. He examined my car very early, even though there were other cars there, (he said he would try to get to it first). He called me promptly with an estimate and a diagnosis. The alternator was expensive (thats just how it goes sometimes) but he didn't charge me that much for labor, and he did go through my car to make sure nothing else was really wrong. He said he would try his best to have me leaving for work at 11:00am today.Thank you Rick!!!!! You made a horrible evening into a brighter day!!!!I thoroughly recommend Ronnie's Auto Service!!!
1	I had a flat tire and had the tire replaced at Ronnie's.  Months later, I found out that the replacement tire was a different size from the other 3 tires on the car.I replaced all 4 tires and now have a spare, relatively new tire (the one I got from Ronnie's) which is largely useless, unless I want to use an oddly shaped tire again.The service was prompt and courteous, but putting the wrong size tire on my car will keep me from coming back.
1	My car had been overheating and when It stalled on me on Priest and University, I found that Ronnies Auto Shop was the closest shop. . .I then waited for my car 2 cool down, and drove 2 Ronnies Auto. . .I pointed out 2 Rick my Water inlet had a hole in it. . .and I was looking for a full diagnostic on the vehicle. . . I left my vehicle there and they informed me after they performed and engine compression check, it was not holding pressure. They changed out the reservoir as it was damaged at the top seal. . .Afterwards I got a call I needed a new Oil sending unit. I gave them the okay on that too. .I was informed I would need a new thermostat but they were gonna charge too much and I already knew somebody who could do it for me. . .When I got my car bk. the next day. . The car ran rough. . . When I tried to start the car the next morning, the car would not start. . .I had never had a starting problem until I took my vehicle to Ronnies Auto.. .I had a mechanic diagnose the problem. He told me it appeared a new Oil sending unit was not replaced or new, and I had a ton of water in my engine. He had taken out a spark plug and shook the vehicle. The engine was filled with water. . .I paid in total 650.00 in parts and labor. I filed a complaint with the BBB and my problem was never resolved. . . I don't recommend Ronnies Auto.
5	I've used Ronnie's for a number of years and the mechanics have always done a wonderful job and the owner always goes out of the way to make sure I understand the cost before they do anything and he always tries to find the most affordable option for car repairs. I've had some pretty significant repairs over the years and he has always explained what needed to be done, in ways that as a non-mechanic I could understand offered me the ideal repair and also a more affordable fix now, if that was an option. You really get the feel here that you are valued as a person, not just as a source of income, and it is a good feeling!
5	My family has had three different vehicles to Ronnie's in the last several years. They have always done an excellent job. They know how to fix pretty much any vehicle and don't charge and arm and a leg like a dealer or a speciality shop. More importantly they communicate well and treat you like a real person. I'm sure there are plenty of quality mechanics out there, but finding one that you know isn't going to rip you off and most importantly understands how to treat their customers is a bit different. You can really tell that Ronnie's isn't a chain shop and it makes a world of difference. They've earned their rating from me and I tell all my friends in Tempe that this is the place to go.
