4	Pulled into a gas station to put some gas in my car when I noticed this taco place adjunct to the Sinclair store. I was kinda hungry so I decided to fill up my own tank with tacos. The place looks kinda new so it was very clean and the people working there were very attentive. I ordered some carne asada tacos and a shrimp cocktail for dessert. The tacos. Tacos were pretty good they had plenty of meat although they were a little too greasy for me when trying to maintain my six pack not looking like a keg (half ways there)So next time I'll just ask them to use less oil a that should bring the tacos to perfect.The shrimp. This is one dish I would consider myself an expert, I eat more than my share of shrimp and I have the cholesterol to prove it! Best deal in the house for the price. They were fresh and juice was flavorful and had the right amount of spiciness. It may be a little to spicy for some green..folks that..go there, but you can always ask for your level of spice. I also got a can soda, I have nothing against can sodas as a matter of fact I collect the cans ( they turn into tacos) but I prefer the fountain sodas, I always like to refill my cup as I leave a fast food establishment, there's nothing better than the feeling of getting something for free. So here's my free gift to you... Do yourself a favor and try this new place, the food is great, prices are good and you'll be supporting a local business...your tank and the economy will thank you.
3	Good fast food mexican place close to the office. Attached to a Sinclair gas station so filler up, car wash and mexican dinner! 3 for 1 as I call it!
4	I found out about this place by accident as I stopped to get gas at the next door station and noticed menus for El Ranchero so I took one. I noticed that it is a taco shop located adjacent to the gas station and after browsing the menu I made note to come back.My sweetheart and I were in the mood for Mexican food one night so we stopped here to give it a try and we also got 10% our tab for checking in on Yelp!The food was super good, fresh, authentic, generous with great prices!What we ordered...shredded beef burrito which was stuffed with tender meat, green peppers and onion!rolled tacos with guacamole and cheese, hand stuffed and rolled!carne asada soft street tacos, full and delicious!California burrito, jam packed good!The place is clean and the staff is Amazing. You can dine in, take out or use their drive thru window for on the go grub! We decided to dine in on our last visit and it was a nice and comfortable experience.They boast about being Authentic and they are! I have to say they have the best homemade frijoles (refried beans) I have ever tasted!We will be back again for sure, and lucky for us they are close to our home!
5	I have ate here at least 7 times never been disappointed, the food is fresh and the price is so low. Its rare to find that, love the chicken tortas here.
5	Once again my gf and I continue to eat here and always the food is great especially considering its affordable and fresh. Great place for lunch or dinner!
5	Friendly staff, food is great, feels authentic, and be sure to try the shrimp cocktail.
