5	With three small children it's sometimes hard to find activities that they can all enjoy at the same time that don't break the bank. We stubled on Play Factory a few months ago when it first opened at Desert Ridge and I am thrilled that they are in the neighborhood. It's clean, air conditioned, and the layout is such that you can watch multpple children at the same time. My twins LOVE the indoor rock wall. They're 2 1/2 and the wall is designed so that older and younger kids can play. The staff also did a great job of helping them so that they could be successful (even if they only got 12 inches off the ground).Another reason we like Play Factory is Toddler Tuesday. . .kids have unlimited play for $5/each. Not a bad deal. And Desert Ridge is an ideal location. There are tons of kid-friendly restaurants (fthere is also a snack bar at Play Factory) and a splash pad within walking distance.
5	Perfect size place for my bunch ages 18 months to 7 yrs.  They do great daily deals and the place is clean!!  You can also have them order pizza for you, from nearby and they have plenty of snacks, drinks on hand that won't break the bank.  The staff was awesome from the front desk to the staff helping out my kids.  Two of my boys actually knocked into each other on the slide, I was tending to my toddler at the time.  Maybe an extra staff person there would help, the kids are wanting to go down two or more at a time.
1	I was very disappointed with this place!!  First off, I am not a cheap person and am willing to pay but this place is a rip off!!!  They allowed WAY too many people in....it was a zoo!!!!  Many children were unattended while their mothers played on their iPads.  They were under staffed.  They have the smallest section for the younger toddlers.... It was chaos.  I will never go back!!!
2	I am actually pretty shocked by all of the 5 star ratings! This place is small, overpriced, and doesn't have healthy lunch options. And if your not going to offer healthy lunch options then you should either allow re-entry or allow outside food to be brought inside. They do not allow either of these options. This is very frustrating considering the price you pay. It is $9 per child. One parent per child can play for free which is nice. But if you have multiple kids this can get very pricy. The children's museum is only $2 more and you can bring your own food or leave for lunch and come back. And it is huge so you can easily spend an entire day there. I would recommend trying that instead. But if you are in the desert ridge area and want to beat the heat, give it a try. Don't forget socks!
4	My girls (age 6 & 8) love coming here for the Parent's Night Out.  It costs me $25 each to drop them off to play and have pizza from 7pm-11pm.  I wish the hours were 6pm to 10pm instead.  Also, my daughter said the pizza wasn't very good last time.However, the pros outweigh the cons and we are fans.
1	I stopped by here tonight with my five year old son with the idea of having a fun night for him with other kids and me eating at North.  The price is simply outrageous at over $25 per child for a few hours of pizza and playing with other children.  My son complained that the portion was tiny and I had to take him out to eat afterwards.The women who operate are simply rude and obnoxious.  Once the place is full they shoo kids and parents out of there like flies on a horse.This place is small and cramped and not worth leaving your child.  Next time my boy is joining us for dinner.Avoid this overpriced trap at all costs.
2	Toddler Tuesday was priced okay as we had the toddler area almost to ourselves the first hour, however, it's not as clean as I would like. My boy got mad because he found snacks under the step stool of the bouncy castle. We brought our own sippycup and snack and ate it there. As there NOT a single healthy item on the menu....oh, yeah, organic milk, but what if your child is lactose intolerant...fairly common. the place is really small and gets crowded fast, brace yourself going there for the summer when school is out. Toddler Tuesdays, during summer will be only up to six years, but it can get full too easy. One other thing that took a star away is the music. Loud and obnoxious pop music with a lot of cussing. Something that shouldn't be played in a kid friendly environment.  Yes, we would go back early mornings and for the toddler Tuesday, but the parents night out and birthday parties. NEVER!
5	I am a mother of 3 young children and we all love going to The Play Factory at Desert Ridge! All of my kids love climbing up the rock climbing walls and sliding down the slides. My sons love the video game playing areas and my daughter and I have a lot of fun playing Ms. Pacman together. I think the staff members are like wonderful camp counselors with all the kids and they're very helpful and encouraging on the rock climbing walls. We also had my daughter's 4th birthday party at The Play Factory and then 5 kids in her pre-school class all had birthday parties there after that. The Play Factory has truly become the most "in" place to have a preschool birthday party. The kids have a great time and so do the parents. We all love the pizza that they order in for the parties. Oh - and the monthly Friday Night Character Dinners are awesome! All in all, I would highly recommend The Play Factory for great, indoor, air-conditioned FUN all year long!
2	I am a mom of 3.  Our first visit here was very frustrating.  There was a fieldtrip there during our visit and it was way too crowded.  We gave it another shot and it was better but there are still some really irritating things about it. I find it so frustrating that they do not allow you to bring your own food when all they offer is junk. Also, having to walk by the candy to go in is just stupid.  Clearly this is not a place that cares about the well-being of children but is looking for every angle to make money.  It is also unnecessary to have TVs on while kids are jumping and playing.  When parents are paying a lot to enter they certainly don't want their kids sitting and watching TV.  I think there are some good roots to this place. I only hope they take some steps to make it a positive experience for parents and children.
4	Maybe I'm easy to please, but this place isn't bad. Being that I wasn't brave enough to have more than one child, my daughter needs to get out of the house if she wants to play with people her age. The Play Factory is a decent place to accomplish that goal.Now, being that my daughter is only three, we get to enjoy the awesome Toddler Tuesday pricing ($4.00). At that price, I feel like I'm getting a bargain. I mean, she gets interaction from peers, and she burns off all kinds of energy with all of the running and climbing. That ends up benefiting EVERYBODY!Now, the place (for toddlers) isn't all that extensive. If you have a child with a shorter than average attention span, they might run out of things to do in a hurry. Thankfully, my daughter only suffers from light to moderate A.D.D., so she enjoys herself immensely.One really cool feature about this place is the indoor rock wall. I was a little apprehensive to let my daughter try it, but I'm glad I did. She LOVED it. Of course, there are plenty of safery precautions, so there really wasn't any reason to be nervous.After reading some of the negative reviews about this place, I can only assume that they were from the parents of older children. This place has a FEW things for them to do, but for the price, it's probably better to find something else. There are a few video games and whatnot, but older kids aren't really afforded the same energy-expending opportunities as the toddlers.If you have low-maintenance toddlers, they'll certainly enjoy running circles around this place for an hour or two.
4	I like this place, I have been coming here since the twins were about 18 months old.  I am glad I don't have to climb with them anymore, though.  Not a fan of all the twirling and tumbling around.  Yeah, not looking forward to roller coaster in the future, but I digress.  What I like the most is when we have birthday parties here, since it is just the friends, I can relax and chat with my mom friends while they climb, slide and tumble around.  Parties are short and sweet, just the way I like them.
3	I can see how this place wouldn't be great for older kids.  I'm thinking if your kid is older than 8, then they will probably be bored with this place.  There isn't much to do in here for bigger kids (there's an inflatable slide, a rock climbing wall, and a jungle gym thing in the back) but I think they could get bored in about 20 minutes.  I come for the toddler area.  My son is one and even though he can't maintain balance or jump in the bounce house, he loves it.  I only come on toddler Tuesdays and Thursdays.  With tax it's $4.99 and a great way for the kid to get some energy out when it's too hot outside.  I do prefer going when the place is empty though- other kids who aren't supervised can cause a problem (i.e. leaving the gate open to the toddler area or being too rough with the little ones).
5	Perfect place for younger kids! I was looking for a place to take my two grandkids (3 and 1 year old) to have fun and beat the AZ  heat.  WOW! This is the perfect place particularly on Toddler Tuesday and Thursday.  When we arrived, we were warmly welcomed by the Manager/Owner Simon.  The place is open, not huge and not too small.  The bright red sparkly entry floors just made you want to smile and got the children excited from the moment we entered.  Areas are separated for different activities.  We were lucky as it was a toddler day and since we arrived late morning we did not have to worry about separating the little ones from older kids. However, there is a separate gated area for the littlest ones--our one-year old spend most of his time here. Our three-year-old loved the climbing slides and meshed floor climber.  Pros:  Open, clean, colorful, little-child friendly environment.Great place to work-off energy with lots of bouncy things to do.Most everything is trimmed in rubber for safety. Toddler-Day pricing is reasonable to allow for more frequent visits.Caretaker can remove shoes and join the younger ones to help them navigate the more challenging spots.It is small enough to keep track of the kids easily.Separate toddler area with its own bounce house.The climber has lots of different and fun activities throughout. This is about a 1.5 to 2 hour activity including a snack break.The parents and caretakers all seemed to be watching their kids and involved.  Cautions:Lots of candy for sale.  Yes, they have applesauce and some healthy choices but the candy and treats are so colorfully displayed (and within kids reach) that it make the fruit look dull by comparison.  You can order Pizza. If you are going to do this you might order when you first arrive and request it for a specific time.  I think hot-dogs were also available.  We purchased some crackers and informed the kids that we would be going next store for lunch after play.  That seemed to satisfy everyone.  Sans a medical condition, outside food is not allowed but personal water is fine.Tip: Show kids how to walk on the webbing--and alert them what to do if and when they mis-step and their foot goes thru a space.  I saw this happen to  a little girl and she (understandably) panicked thinking her leg had been gobbled up.
4	We love the Play Factory! We come here all the time with my 3 year old and 8 month old. It's nice that they have a smaller children's area where she can crawl around safely while my son can burn off tons of energy without burning himself on the scorching park playgrounds. This place is always clean, they keep the air down low, and if you go on Toddler Tuesdays/Thursdays (half off), it's an affordable way to keep your kids busy. My only complaint is the lack of seating within visual range of the bigger play area, and the fact that you can't bring your own snacks. I know that they want to make money off of the crackers and cookies, but I prefer to bring my son fresh fruit or a sandwich so he doesn't come home with a sugar high. Groupon always has great summer deals, we just purchased an unlimited month for $19, so check them for deals too.
3	We came here for a birthday party over the weekend and the kids had a great time. The facility had only the one birthday party going on (which I assume happens with all parties), so for about 15 kids and parents, this place was perfect. The actual play area is pretty small. There is an inflatable slide, a climbing structure, and a rock wall. There is a separate toddler area with a bounce house and some toys so the little ones aren't trampled by bigger kids during open play. They have a few video game consoles and some sit down video games that you can play for an extra charge. The snack bar seemed reasonably priced and had lunchables, drink options, and it looks like you can order pizza and they bring it in from Slices.The party was fun but I don't think that I would come back for open play. On their website it says that admission is $9 for all day, with no re-entry. Parents are free. For the size, that seems a little steep, not just because it probably gets pretty crowded but the kids would probably get bored after a couple hours.
3	There was a lot to like about The Play Factory.  The best part?  The superb customer service.  Their employees were so helpful and friendly.  They made me and my child feel right at home, despite us using a Groupon for a huge discount! The main drawbacks?  It just got busy so quickly, which made the smallish space get a bit claustrophobic to me.  Going right at opening time and leaving by 10:30am is your best bet!  My 2 year old had a great time climbing, but I know that my 7-year-old would be bored quickly with only a couple climbers to choose from.It is a handy escape from the heat, and worth checking out - but come EARLY!
4	We went to a birthday party here just this past weekend.There's a lot to like about this place; it's small and there was only 1 party going on during the time we were there.Our friends had a LOT of kids there-so I can't imagine during open play, how crowded this place must get.Like other reviewers have said, it's small, so it's fairly limited.My toddler rode on the couple of coin operated cars and we hung out in the toddler section. That had some balls, pads to crawl on, a mini jump section, and some other toys.I like that they had high chairs during food time.Staff was friendly and attentive.Bathroom was spotless!! There is a changing table, and when I told the attendant there was no bag in the diaper bin, she promptly put one in.Cute place!
4	I took my kids, ages 6, 2, and 9 months, one day because it was just too hot to play outside. They all three had a really great time! We went on a Tuesday so my two year old got in at a discounted price (and my 9 month old was free anyway) so I paid very little for unlimited play. There was a large blow up slide, a rock climbing wall, and a large climbing structure with slides. It was enough to tire the kids out and I liked that they were open all day rather than just having a two hour period with open play like many bounce house places do. I was slightly disappointed that the play area was as small as it was. I would probably make a point to only go on Tuesdays and Thursdays for the discounted toddler price. There was limited seating in the immediate area for parents so many people were kind of standing around awkwardly  trying to dodge the playing kids. There was additional seating in the snack bar area, but I wasn't personally comfortable moving that far away from where my two year old was playing (I would have had to completely leave the main area to take my younger kids over to the smaller area). I also with the toddler play area was a bit closer, but I can also see the benefit of separating it from the larger play area so that the employees aren't constantly having to ask older kids to stay out of it.
3	Pro's - great place to burn energy when the outside temps are too hot to go to the park; love the character dinner nights;  Toddler Tuesdays are affordable.Con's - as many have said, it is small and there is a huge separation between the baby zone and bigger kids' area, so if you have two kids that are 1 and 4, for ex, you need an extra adult with you.  Non-healthy food options and candy everywhere...I just tell my son "no," but is it even necessary to have all that junk?  And the biggest Con for me is safety.  We went on a day where it was not very crowded, BUT the age range of kids on the blowup slide was probably 3-10.  My four year old got kicked in the face so hard his gums were bleeding, and the employee who was supposed to be watching the slide was oblivious and off doing something else.  I had to chase him down to get ice for my son.  He was concerned, and very nice...I just question the wisdom of allowing twelve year olds (the max age) in the same play space with three and four year olds.  I was watching my son and he still got hurt; so just be aware if you go that the age ranges vary a great deal.Overall, we still plan to go for character nights etc.
1	Stay away.  Arrived to a friend's birthday party a little late only to be told we needed socks for the kids to play on the equipment.  One quick trip later from a clothing store, the kids were allowed to leave the dining area.  Little did I know that the play area was closed so the children would eat...closed for the remainder of the party!  The play area was only open for 1 hour of a 2 hour party!?  Does this place even understand why it's open; hint, its not for the food or service.
1	CLOSED to the PUBLIC on weekends! Stupid, stupid, stupid! Parents want to play with their kids on weekends. Not attend ridiculously overpriced gift collections. Place is small. Place is unsafe. Parents and staff do not supervise kids. Go to the park instead...it is free!!!!
3	This place was OK.  I don't like how they have all these sugary selections in the front of the establishment.  I'd rather them market healthier choices.  The playground itself isn't too big compared to other ones I've been to but it's definitely unique.  I didn't like it b'c climbing that net thing hurt my feet but my toddler had a ball.  There's also a bounce house slide and rock climbing.  I heard a kid say something about an X-box so I'm guessing there's one around there as well.  There's also a toddler area.  The whole layout is just too spread out so if you had a toddler and older child (but still too young to be left unsupervised) it would be a bit of a hassle.  I didn't try any of their food so I comment on that.  It looked like they sold food though.
2	Kinda lame. It's a large space with not as many things for the kids to do as you would think. The rock climbing was closed, so there was one bouncy slide and one jungle gym. One toddler bounce house that was small.Also, a girl fell out of the slide entrance and hit her head on the hard plastic stool, then floor. Put a mat down!
1	I was l looking for a place to have a party for my niece. I found out about this place online. I happened to be in the area on a Sunday and it seemed to be open based on the doors being open. I walked in and asked if I could look around the play area real quick cause I was interested in hosting a kids birthday party there. The girl in the front told me no. She was a little rude, and said if you were hosting a private party you wouldn't want strangers wandering around. I asked her if she could escort me in just to take a look around. She once again said no and showed me a brochure and said I could look at the pictures. Duh!! I seen those online and drove 40 miles to check this place out with my own eyes. There was no manager on staff. The place looked really small with a bunch of crap I would never serve my child. Will never go there. EVER! NEVER!!
2	Took my 2 year old nephew here for "Toddler Tuesday" (where you pay half-price for kids under 4: $4.50 vs. reg. $9). We read the rules before hand and left all snacks and drinks at home, and walk it to find parents drinking lattes from Starbucks... The front lobby includes a huge (in comparison to the size of the building) candy store (of course where the candy is low enough for the children to get into) and the snack bar serves mostly junk food: candy, pizza, cotton candy, soda, icees, etc. although they did have juice box, organic milk and gogurt. The parent seating was limited unless you wanted to be in the snack area (a separate room from the play area and this would be necessary if busy) Was disappointed that the "Play" factory had a video game and movie set up... Although I saw the staff vacuuming play area and cleaning the restrooms, overall the play area felt dirty (dust under and around back of play area, netting in play area is brown), and I was extremely displeased to see the exposed electrical outlets, unpadded wall corners and the 1ft step to get in and out of the main play area (difficult for a 2 year old to get over) Overall, I feel like deep down there is a great idea here, unfortunately the execution was cheap and poorly done... Hope they use their profit to destroy this play area and try again, otherwise not sure we will be back...
2	This used to be one of my favorite places, but it really seems to have gone downhill.  Everything used to be spotless and the facility was always well lit, cool, and airy.   Today it feels dirty and gloomy.   Bulbs are burnt out, lots of things are in need of minor repair, stock is low, it's warm.   It feels neglected.   So sad.   :-(
1	First impressions; small and cramped, very limited play equipment, toddler area barren of toys, activities and run down. Biggest turn off was that it felt dirty. I Ieft feeling creepy and went home to shower! The jump house in toddler area smelled like urine. There was NO supervision of play areas by staff or the majority of parents. I had to ask multiple children to leave toddler area because they were posing  a safety hazard for my grandchildren and well over maximum age of four. My daughter had to physically help remove a child sitting on top of another child and punching him!Two thirds of the space is wasted for a candy/gift shop, unoccupied tables and video games. Area that could be used for much needed additional play equipment!New husband/wife owners took over two days earlier. The husband asked and was receptive to my first impressions and concerns. He immediately had the jump house sanitized and was going to use the upcoming holiday to fully clean and sanitize the facility. He is committed to bring the place up to par.Although I purchased a month pass on Groupon, I don't think I can make myself go back because of feeling filthy when leaving. I wish I felt differently, as I would like to be supportive of the new owners.
3	This place is TINY.  It's quite deceiving from the outside.  The front area is quite large - it has a concession stand and seating area for birthday parties.  There's also a corner to play video games and a small area for toddlers to play in. But when you walk around the corner to the actual "play area", it shocks you to how small it is.  It consists of one giant bounce slide (the one's you can rent for your home parties) and 1 jungle gym play area.  That's it.  That's it, folks.  Oh, and there's a rock climbing wall.  I purchased a groupon for $20 for 10 visits.  I think it was $20.  My 5YO loved it there and after 2.5 hours he still didn't want to leave.  So as long as he enjoyed it, that's all that matters to me.
3	As other reviewers have mentioned, this place is small. Half the square footage is taken up by a candy shoppe and concession stand. No offense, but I brought my kid to play- not to eat garbage- there are plenty of restaurants at and around desert ridge that I'd rather dine at. There are also arcade games, which to me was also puzzling. If you're paying to get your kid out of the house to play, and you don't want to be in the heat, wouldn't you want them to be active instead of sitting on their behind playing video games? Toddler area is TINY. One bounce house. Once jungle gym. The rock climbing wall was cool. The equipment was clean and in good repair, staff was courteous. I just don't think I will be back considering the lack of things to actually climb and bounce on, which for us was the purpose of coming in the first place.
3	It was a lot smaller than I was expecting it to be, despite this the kids still had a great time. Plus points; play areas were clean and bathrooms were clean and in good working order, there was lots of comfortable seating for parents in all areas so no matter where your kids where you can sit and watch them easily. We didn't eat so can't comment on that but the kitchen looked well stocked and also tidy. There is no time limit to play and the equipment was all in good working order. Overall it was good but a little basic in it's feel and that's really the only bad point here.
1	I am severely disappointed with this place. I was looking for something to do with my daughter that didn't cost an arm and a leg. So I found this place on Google and it looked pretty cool. The website listed the hours but said to call to make sure there were no parties booked. Thats exactly what I did. I was told that there was only 2 parties booked and that they would have open play at 1pm. I drove all the way up to desert ridge from avondale only to be told that they were closed all day for private parties. I told them I called not more than an hour ago and was told that they were open to the public. All I got was a shoulder shrug. I'm definately not wasting my time by coming back here ever again.
