1	placed an online order which it was schedule to be deliver in 30 mts. an hour later i got a cold pizza..ewww!will not recoment this location..if you live in the uncc area..dominos is a your best option!
1	This has to be one of THE WORST pizza huts in charlotte!!I absolutely HATE ordering from this place. The customer service stinks and the delivery people always take their time. It's better to just go to the store yourself and get behind the counter and make your own pizza, because that seems to be the only way you're going to get your pizza in a timely manner. No really, it's better to go to the store and order, because calling them on the phone is like a hit or miss. I have to call on AVERAGE 9 times before I can get my order through. I found out I have a friend who works there, so I text them to see if they're working, and if so, I put in my order through them. Now that is so GHETTO! Just like the whole restaurant. I should NOT have to do that, just to order some pizza.If you reach someone on the phone, IF THEY ANSWER, 8 times out of 10 they will hang up on you, or put you on hold for 15 mins or more. I absolutely hate this Pizza Hut. They should close down, hire new workers or something. It's like they're so lazy and customers ordering is a game to them.
1	THE ABSOLUTE WORST PIZZA I HAVE EVER HAD. There was no cheese on the pizza and the bread was tough. The cheese bread was tough and didn't have cheese on it either. The pizza sauce was dried out and was too much. There was barely any cheese on the pizza. Lets talk about how the young lady at the counter took a 10 minute personal phone call on her cell phone. Never asked me if I needed any help. Another lady walks in and takes care of her and never asks if I have already ordered or need to order. Thank goodness for the woman in the back that came up to assist me. The girl  up front didn't apologize after she was done with her phone call. The staff was unpolished and look like they just hire anybody. I will never go back there. They could be giving pizza away and I would pass. Save your money and do not go to this Pizza Hut.
1	I thought the location move would help this pizza hut.  I was wrong it takes an hour and 30 min to get food and its cold. How does it stay open?
