4	This Serrano's is my favorite because it is cozy, dark and the service is really fast.  I love that you get salsa AND bean dip here, and that both are very good.  The food is seasoned well and if you add some hot sauce it has just enough kick to make your nose run, which is a good barometer for spice in my book.The food is good and you get a lot for the price.
4	Not my all time favorite but definitely up there!  I've always had good service at this location and the bean dip and chips are wonderful.  There's nothing incredibly creative on the menu, but what's on there is usually pretty darn good!
2	I have to disagree with the previous comments. While the bean dip with the chip is a good option, the food is below par and the prices are way too high. The tacos I got literally looked like the ones at Jack in the Box. And slip a brew or two into your experience and you're looking at over $20. The service was ok, but the food just really isnt that great imho, and i've been there a couple times.
4	My buddies and I get together for Sunday lunch, and we've eaten at Serrano's more than we should. As most Italian food joints fill you with bread, Serrano's fills you with their addictive, creamy refried bean dip and chips.  If' you're feeling cheap, order a bowl of pozole (pretty tasty) and then get your fill on the chips and dips. If you're just ordering a burrito and a soda, you might get out under 10 bucks.Their grilled meat dishes are the best things on the menu, but, of course, also the most expensive. The margaritas are delicious (though I'm pretty easy to please here) . My only complaint (and this mostly applies to the Dobson/Guadalupe location) is the service. It is generally slow, and groups seem the intimidate the 16 year-old servers working here. The Rural location has better service, however, and a nicer bar.
2	I'm sorry, but those of you who have given Serrano's  a good review never had really great authentic Mexican food. I've tried this place a couple times, only because it is close to my house. Each time I am hopeful it will get better. Each time it disappoints more than the previous. Save your money.
2	When I was younger and first moved to Arizona, Serrano's on Rural Road became a family tradition to get mexican food. It was basically all I knew till adulthood. If I would have reviewed this place 10 years ago, it would have been 5 stars but now the blinders are off and I have money to try better places. One by one they all seem to dwarf Serrano's in most every way. I feel kinda guilty writing this and hope my family does not read this :) But it has to be said. I would still eat at Serrano's but it doesn't have the same feeling anymore. The Chimichangas are good and their bean dip is awesome. Nothing I have had is gross or anything but its just   basic greasy mexican food. There are better places out there. Once again to any family reading this....I'm sorry :)
4	I'm not sure if they changed something after reading horrible reviews, but it's a WHOLE lot different than when I was in there before.  Food was actually really good as was our waiter "Omar".  The fundito was really good...chicken was SUPER moist!  Fajitas were a bit on the veggie side (a LOT more veggies than steak), but still good too!
1	When my wife gets nostalgic for those good ol' high school days, she always mentions that Serrano's was a frequent hang out with friends. She recalls the great bean dip and the tasty enchiladas as her meal of choice. Well, after the eventual buildup of wonderful Mexican food, it really is a disappointment to find such memories are best left in the past.My wife and I went to dinner here when we first moved down to the Tempe area. It was a week day during the lunch hours. It's a dark lit restaurant for "cosy" evenings (as one of my fellow reviewers mentions). No complaints on the service side of things, but no standouts either. When service is just fine, I typically don't come back because I know there might be something better on the other side of town. When it comes to the food, I'll give some credit to the bean dip. However, seeing as an appetizer was the most enjoyable item eaten that night, you won't hear another compliment from me. The food I had heard so much about was bland, boring and down right meh. Don't expect to see me hanging around this restaurant as I'll be spending my money on good Mexican food.
5	Serrano's is my favorite Mexican restaurant when I want to go to one with table service and cloth napkins. My family has been going regularly (once every 1 to 2 months) since 1984, and it is where we take out-of-town guests for a nice Southwestern meal - especially if they've never had real, Sonoran Mexican food. It is also the first restaurant we go to after we've been out of town for more than a few days!
4	My favorite Mexican restaurant around. Best chips and salsa too. The restaurant is in a terrible strip mall and the atmosphere is lacking but the great food makes up for all that.
5	My favorite Mexican food!  Unlimited Chips, Bean Dip & Salsa - delicious!  This place has a homely feel and reminds me of my Grandma's cooking.  Love the chimichangas & Taco platter.  Definitely try this place!
5	Hands down my favorite mexican food place in the world. The bean dip is, of course, awesome. You gotta make sure you don't get full on the bean dip because they'll just keep filling it up and bringing out fresh chips! I alternate between the machaca quesadilla and the carne asada chimi, and although I don't venture out much beyond that, my family enjoys the machaca tacos, the chicken enchiladas, and the green chile burro. Oh, and I really like the salsa - great taste, great hotness level. I'm getting hungry just thinking about this place.
4	The services was outstanding; they are great with kids and families.  The food was good.
5	One of the best Mexican Restaurants in AZ. BEST BEAN DIP EVAR!!!! I don't know how they do it but I have seriously considered bribing someone to give me the dam recipe! The texture is nice, cheesy, and I love that they put tons of onions in it. I am a huge onion fan. The more onion, the better! Their salsa is great too. Very chunky, flavorful, and of course, lots of onions. Chips are crispy and they give you plenty. I only order one thing when I go to Serrano's.... Its the crunchy pork taco's. Shredded pork with spices, nice and greasy with lots of lettuce, tomatoes and their great salsa. Their rice and beans are good too but I always just get two pork taco's ala carte. The service is always speedy, yet friendly. Oh and did I mention that they have terrific fried ice cream??? One of my all time favorite desserts. Go here if you want cheap, tasty, quick Mexican food goodness!
4	I was a regular at Serrano's in the 80s while a student at ASU, and have been an infrequent visitor since. Would I drive 20 miles for Serrano's? No.  Would I frequent if I lived in the area?  Absolutely yes.  Do I visit when in the area?  Yes.On my recent visit, I was seated quickly.  The service was extremely fast and friendly, the food hot and fresh, and they serve the most amazing iced tea- the old school Lipton variety, fresh brewed, clear and cold.   At the recommendation of another Yelper, I ordered a pork taco, which was delicious. I also had a cheese enchilada and, coupled with their very hot and fresh chips, tasty salsa and bean dip, my meal was complete.The food arrives quickly, which is important if you are on a tight schedule or have a tight boss who will flip if you take a 61 minute lunch.  I usually don't comment on another reviewer's commentary- after all, we all have a right to our opinion.  BUT... One Star rating??? ... --what do people want?  This is an old school neighborhood family restaurant.  One star because it isn't as good as other Mexican places in the valley just isn't fair.  If you're in the area, try Serrano's.  They serve a reliable, old-school Sonoran style Mexican food in a clean, comfortable old-school dining room.(visit on 1/11)
5	Went here again last night and it was amazing as always. One thing I forgot to mention in my previous review is that this is one of the few places that actually pays attention to their comment cards. So if you see one with your bill, I would recommend filling it out if you have any suggestions. The husband really wanted pollo fundido on their menu so he kept writing that on their cards and low and behold, a few months later, there it was on the menu. He likes to take credit for that one and say he is the reason they have it. Haha. I also wrote on their card that they needed new cups cause the old ones they had were looking pretty grimy and not very good. A week after writting that, I go there and there are new cups being used. Its great that they really pay attention to what their customers have to say.On a sad note: We found out last night that they like to charge 1.75 for side of jalapenos. That kinda sucks! Maybe we will mention this in the comment card and suggest that they be free or 5 cents!
4	Very unique Mexican joint. I have really fallen in love with the veggie fajitas but even more so the atmosphere. Great drink specials all day long and I've never had to wait for a table even though they can sometimes get packed. I also rate the chips and salsa at all Mexican restaurants and this place is bomb diggity.
1	Yuk. poor food and even worse service.
3	Loved the mexican pizza.
4	Serrano's has my favorite salsa period. I love the chunkiness and the flavor. The salsa is the THE REASON I go to Serrano's. I used to work a mile down the street from the location at Rural and Guadalupe and I'd eat there at least once a week for lunch. I usually ordered something ala carte because the salsa was the reason I was there.   The rest of the menu is simply ordinary in my opinion. Ordinary food is the reason they get 4 stars instead of 5. Still, I try and eat at Serrano's every time I'm on the east side of town since there are no locations west of Tempe.  I live 35 miles from the closest restaurant and still find a way to eat at one 5 or 6 times a year.  I'm amazed to see the same faces working there 10 years later too. They must be doing more than just salsa right!
4	had family friends come in town and they wanted good mexican food and good fajitas. serranos had both- the bean dip and salsa they bring to the table were excellent. the service was great and our entrees were wonderful. will be returning again soon!
4	Great food.  Seated quickly.  Sat in lounge which was kind of 70s.  Had a beef taco and cheese enchilada special for $5.99 which were fantastic.  Beef taco was the best. Definitely would visit again.
2	i'd rather go to amado's!the only thing that's good here is the bean dip, and i'm only saying that so that i have something nice to say.
4	Great restaurant! It really is nice to look at and the food is great. My friends and I have stopped in just to chat and soak up up the atmosphere over some chips and shirley temples!
2	This is not real mexican food.Who serves beans with chips?  The beans were good but the concept was not understood.  Even in Mexico they don't give you a bowl of beans with chips for an appetizer.  It was free though so plus for that!  The salsa was decent as well and of all the food we ordered (5 people total), the carne asada was the best flavor with grill tasting all over it.  Cute how they give you a "serrano" chile with each meal.Everything else was bland.  My fried ice cream was not crunchy and way too hard that we couldn't finish it because we couldn't wait for it to melt more.  A little over priced too.
5	This is my favorite Mexican food restaurant in the valley.  The chips and salsa are just the way I like: chips not too thick with a good amount of salt; salsa is chunky and flavorful. I've had several things on the menu, but my favorite is the nachos with machaca beef.  Service has always been good every time I've gone.
3	Been here several times, food is always good, services is sometimes slow but very friendly, and it's in my hood. So, not sure why it's not my go to place for Mexican food. Definitely need to move them higher up in the rotation, especially since I love, love, love their beef machaca.I also recently discovered that they have a margarita cupcake. It's a vanilla cupcake infused with tequila and lime, topped with lime cream cheese frosting, and garnished with lime zest and salt. Heaven!
4	Good option for Mexican food.  I like their rellenos, which can be stuffed with meat rather than just cheese.  Their machaca is slow cooked, tender, juicy, with a lot of flavor.  Their machaca taco in particular is great.  The taco shell is deep fried, so it is a bit greasy though.  Despite what some may say, I like how they bring out bean dip in addition to salsa with the chips.  It helps distract you from the blahness of the chips : )  Too bad they don't have aguas frescas though.  Some horchata would really hit the spot!
4	We were looking for authentic Mexican food and this place had great reviews. Most other restaurants on a weeknight closed at 9p but Serrano's closed at 10p which worked out for us. They bring your homemade chips & salsa (3 different kinds) to start off, while you look over the menu. There's a fair amount of options. They even have combinations where you can mix&match tacos/enchiladas and/or flautas. Most items cost about $10-12.We asked for a spicy salsa and make the mistake of dipping too much. Our mouths were on fire! The service was fast and the waitress was really professional, courteous and smiley. Overall, it was a good dining experience.
5	Came here last night, but i have visted this location many times.   Friendly Place with very quick service. Chips and salsa and bean dip are served before the meal..     The bean dip is excellent!                   Salsa is good, just a little too much cilantro.  Our meals very very good. We even ate everything. Though it was a lot of food for sure.   Sauses are nice and spicy but, not overwhelming.                                            FIsh and shrimp very good. The enchilada was light, almost like a  crepe. We will difinitely go back. Lots of parking. Open late on Sunday till 9pm/
4	GREAT enchiladas!!! I really liked the taco also, much better shell then the normal corn ones. I also liked the bean dip and salsa with the chips. It is a nice touch we do not get back east. The margarita cupcake was also really nice!!!It took 15 minutes before anyone showed up to seat us... (not nice)
5	We came here again for dinner. We do really like it. It was a cold night, but they had the restaurant  nice and warm.  We got our favorite booth,without even asking.  The food was wonderful as always, Makes us happy that we chose such a good place. Fish here is really good as well as the shrimp and bean dip. All very tasty!!
4	Stopped in for dinner while in Tempe for spring training.  Choose Serrano's based upon Yelp feedback and glad we did.  7 of us in our party and everyone was pleased with their meal.  Loved the spinach enchiladas!
4	Good Mexican Food. Salsa is very good. Price is on higher side.
3	It is Serrano's and I think people either like Serrano's or they don't. It will pass for Mexican food by many locals and most visitors. As a general rule, I find Serrano's only "OK" Mexican food. To me if the rice and beans aren't great, it's a mark against a Mexican restaurant. On the other hand, the bean dip they serve with the chips is good.So specific to this place which we visited Friday - Chile Relleno w/shrimp (wanted a change) was great, no complaints. Wife's Carne Asada was heavy on the pepper for some reason. Our dinner guest had Tostadas and seemed quite happy with them. Margarita's were extremely lame, didn't even bother to order another.Decor is in serious need of an overhaul. Visiting the restrooms and peering into the kitchen, the place just needs a revamp.
2	Ehhh.....it was ok. Quesadilla was ok......Carne Asada burrito my daughter had was down right aweful. Queso dip was good. I doubt I'll be back. GREAT service tho, very attentive and polite waitress.
1	Quite honestly, I'm surprised by the numerous positive reviews about serranos. I went here with my brother and we were cut off after 2 margaritas. We were far from drunk because there is zero tequila in their margs and they just taste like sweet and sour. After being so insulted, we asked for the check. P.s., those that comment on their great salsa...must really like ketchup, because that's all it is. When I asked them for something hotter, they offered Tabasco?! Louisiana hotsauce at an "authentic" Mexican food place? Comon. This place is over priced garnage and they hire illegals to work the kitchen and serve their patrons
2	Nothing is authentic here, too much cheese, beans and not much flavor. The chicken looks it has freezer burns,  no flavor because they boil it before putting if on the grill
5	I love Mexican food. I've lived in southern California almost all my life. I was visiting a friend a few times a year for a couple of years, and we would come here regularly at my request. (Either this location or the one in Mesa.) Now I always order the same thing. I get the shredded beef flauta and a cup of albondigas soup, plus I order a large container of bean dip to go, and I am in heaven. This is actually my favorite restaurant, ever. I used to have a favorite mexican restaurant local to me, but they aren't as good as Serrano's is to me. I have actually made a road trip (6 hours drive from Anaheim) out to Tempe just to play at Gameworks and go eat Serranos with a friend. Stayed the night in a hotel and went home. I wish I could take Serrano's back home with me. The food gets five stars from me, and the servers get five stars from me. Every server I've had was super friendly, and some of them have been working there for some twenty years. They get to know their regulars. Also the atmosphere of the restaurant is nice, it's air conditioned (of course, in AZ you would die without it), and spacious, and the bathrooms are clean. Love this place!
5	i have been dining with all the valley serranos since 1986.  consistently good food, excellent service, fantastic chips,  bean dip is presented to every table, hot sauce to die for.  fluffy rice, flavorful meats, sauces and cheeses.  excellent.  it is a family place...so not right for a sexy sophisticated evening, but it is always clean, consistent, and just plain good.
3	I wanted to try Serrano's because I have been told they are great?  I went and sat at the bar and ordered the food came out fast was good but service was ok not the best?  There was a weird homeless guy at the bar deffinetely a turn off but he didnt seem homeless until he asked me about cheap motels in the area?  I noticed the no firearms sign outside WILL NOT BE Back.  Signs dont stop criminals it just stops Law biding citizens from going into your establishment good luck.
5	This is the best Mexican place in town. Prices very reasonable, unlimited chips, bean dip and salsa, and great service. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking to try a real deal family style mexican restaurant.
2	I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, so I usually order a quesadilla of some sort. I came here for lunch today and ordered a cheese quesadilla. The server asked if I wanted it crispy or soft. I was a little confused and told him I wanted a folded quesadilla, not a cheese crisp. He then told me that unless I order the quesadilla with meat, that all they do is put cheese on the tortilla and put it in the microwave. I was even more confused. Why would I come to a restaurant to order food that has been prepared in the microwave? And why would a restaurant admit to microwaving their food? Anyways, my friend and I decided to split an order of mediocre nachos. Needless to say, I will not be back.
2	Yikes. This was a really interesting experience at Serrano's. I've been to other locations and like the food, but that was not the case here. This was my first visit to this location, and I won't be back. The restaurant: The interior was old and dated, and I felt like it hadn't been cleaned in awhile. Gross.The food: Meh. I got a cheese quesadilla and not only was there grease all over the plate, but I felt like I needed to take a shower when I got done with it. My husband was not impressed with his tacos, and the rice and beans were just ok.The service: This was their one redeeming quality. Our server was really nice and quick (we were on a lunch break).Overall, I would skip Serrano's- at least this location.
4	Tasty.  Nice, sit down Mexican food place with very friendly service.  Lots of options available including veggie.  Somewhat outdated interior, but still pleasant.  Kudos to the server that got us a fresh chips and salsa refill BEFORE we asked for it.Significantly better than your average Mexican joint.  Closed on Sundays.
3	We came here the other night for dinner. Our server was really good and they always have a helper, a bus boy so to speak. But, he also brings you chips and salsa,water, takes away the dishes, etc. They seem to really work as a team.Our service was really good, we enjoyed our server Liliana,she was great.This time however, our food was not as good as it usally is.I can't quite place it . The salsa seemed a little different. Far too much Cilantro.The bean dip was good and our meals were good. But, we both felt very bloated all night, Even full to the next day. That does not usally happen. It is a nice place and we like it but, food quality has changed, gone down a bit. Ever so slowly.Lots of parking in the lot, nice atmosphere, warm inside.Plus the coffee was fresh and really good. My girlfriend loves coffee with Mexican food and it really is the way to go. because, the one bad thing here is the water tatses like it is straight from the tap.
2	So i decided to try the mexican place across the street from me thinking it might be tasty... unfortunately my phone call started with a elderly woman who did not know what was on the menu and she almost caused me to cuss at her and hang up... I finally get my order through and i go to pick up my food.  It was sorta busy and the service was better once i got inside... sadly the food was... bland... i ordered the Machacha plate with corn tortillas... there was a small lake beneath my machacha, the beans were ok as well as the rice.  The tortillas were whatevers also.  It was bad but it was good... i dont think ill be returning... maybe im spoiled cuz im from California... so much better food in Cali
5	Serrano's is one of the most amazing mexican restaurants i have ever been to. The food is great, super tasty. There is always a constant supply of chips salsa and bean sauce at every table. But what really made my experience here awesome was the exceptional service. All of the staff are efficient, fast, and super super super friendly. There is always someone ready to help. Kudos to all of the employees!
5	Took the girl out for date night and I must say this place is top notch. Food was delicious, no mistakes. Waitress was a delight and kept our beverages filled. It was slower than expected for a Sat night but that didn't stop them from doing a fantastic job. Servings were large but we still splurged for a dessert, chocolate tortuga was spectacular.
4	Went here for a team lunch yesterday to celebrate a couple birthdays.  Easily in the top five Mexican chains here in the Phoenix area.  Fresh chips and salsa, and they also bring a really tasty bean dip to the table while you're waiting for your food.  Our table ordered the nachos and the queso fundido (jalapeno cream cheese dip) and both were nice.  I got the chicken enchiladas suizas - which was covered in tomatillo sauce.  The beans and rice were spot on and the enchiladas were nicely seasoned.  So, this is a good standby - I won't be in a hurry to get back, but it's a solid choice if you're craving Mexican food.
3	Chips & salsa AND bean dip.  Salsa seems to have improved.  Green chile con carne.  Mmm.
5	Serrano's is on of my most favorite restaurants of all time.  I go at least once a week.   Chips and Salsa are Great! As well as the service and food.  I would suggest sitting in the lounge/bar area. It's nice and quiet and the servers are fabulous.
4	bartender was awesome. She took good care of me and the food was excellent. I am on a low carb diet and she ordered my meal just the way I wanted it without any issues. I would return here again.
4	It's not earth shattering food but we come back here every time we visit family for the chips, salsa, and bean dip. We were suckered into hitting up another restaurant this visit and it just didn't have the same pull. I won't make that mistake again!
5	I am an AZ native from Chandler, and I remember going to Serranos as a kid in Downtown Chandler. In my opinion, it is one of those AZ Mexican style restaurants that emphasizes the greatness of the food genre out here and brings some class to the history of the city. I personally have never had a bad time or bad service in any Serranos location I have visited.I've also yet to order a meal that I have not liked. Granted, I always feel tremendously full when I leave, but I can't fault the restaurant for that. It is mostly due to the delicious salsa and bean dip you get before you even order the actual meal. If you want a recommendation on what to order, you can't go wrong with Chicken Fajitas. Just don't fill up on too many chips, salsa, and bean dip.
5	What can I say?  I love this place!All the food is wonderful and the staff is very attentive.The salsa is very good as is the hot sauce and bean dip that come standard with your chips.  How can you not love that?It is pretty standard fare with a few twists but it is all done very well and with careful attention to quality and detail.I go every week and will continue to do so....Plus....in this day and age, they close on Sunday's to give their employees a day for religious observance. I'm not remotely religious but appreciate a business that gives thought to their employees even if it cost them $$.  Of course, I do like Mexican food on Sundays so.....that's problematic... ;)
5	Some of the best Mexican food I have had! Then again, I am in the southwest. Beam dip is amazing! I kinda wanted to lick the bowl. The chicken chimichanga was amazingly flavorful and delicious! Great chips and salsa. Friendly service.Ps. I'm catching up on reviews....this was from 10 months ago. Oops
4	awesome food.....found this place while vising from the far west valley will definetly be back worth the drive homemade chips and the bean dip was great thanks again.
3	Not the greatest place for vegetarians but deserts look great
4	It is not new, it is not hip or sheek, but it is casual, and quite good.Start your meal with the signature bean dip, chips and salsa. In reality this is all you need for a meal but it is polite and delicious to try the other offerings. I oped for the chile relleno. A large chile stuffed with cheese battered and covered in a rich red sauce and more cheese. What is there not to love.The red enchilada sauce here is deep and rich it pairs well with the cheese. So give the old local AZ chain a try I bet you will like it.
2	If you've ever experienced terrible service, you know the irritable feeling that builds and builds as you sit for 20 minutes and watch the tables around you being seated and waited on until you're finally "greeted" by a surly waitress rushing you to order after she finally decides to waddle her way to your table.  I had some high expectations for the place because I'd heard everyone rave on about it, so I was patient and enjoyed the cheese crisp appetizer that came 15 minutes after ordering it while the table of three directly across from my duet table enjoyed the meal they ordered after they sat down 15 minutes behind us. As the clock made it's way to the 45 minute mark, and all the ice in the water pitcher they gave us had long-since melted, my friend laid out her ultimatum, "if she doesn't come out with the food the next time she comes out of that kitchen, we're leaving".  Even though I was dying to try the fajitas, I was all on board since the cheese crisp had already settled in my stomach. Apparently I was meant to have fajitas that day because I heard that distant sizzling that whispers "yourrrr fajittasssss arrrrre coooommiiiinnnnggg" get louder and louder until a stranger popped in front of us like a ray of sunshine over our gloom.  Quite the contrast from our waitress, that was clearly deciding to indulge in her mid-life crisis during the Father's Day rush, he was exceptional.I suppose she had already kissed her tip goodbye when she came to see if we needed anything a couple of minutes after we finally got our food (from someone else) and we asked for the check (since we didn't want to wait until closing to get it), because she was sure to impart upon us a sassy, "I will if you'll give me a minute".  NEVER in my life have I complained at a restaurant and I would have taken it all with a grain of salt if she hadn't used the tone she used when we asked for the check, but that was too much.  On top of that, she began rushing us out of the booth once she placed the bills in front of us.  "Would like some to-go cups?"  I know the server-vernacular you fossil fuel. We flagged down a bus boy to send a manger our way and he was polite enough to give us a discount (of course it was the principle of the whole situation at that point).  She avoided us like the plague before, but when she saw that manager hovering over us, she was suddenly Gladys Kravitz. After paying our discounted bill, we found the bus boy who had basically done our waitress' job and gave him a very generous tip, leaving her nothing.  Another first in my life, but well-deserved, and I flew out of there in hopes to avoid the already awkward situation of the restaurant-complaint.Had the food not been delicious, I would've given this place 1 star and had the service not been atrocious, I would have given it 4 stars.   I'd recommend the restaurant, but not this particular location, especially if there is any sort of holiday, or the scent of any sales going on in the area.
4	After living in Boston for a long time, the land of the worst Mexican food ever, I yearn...YEARN...for good Mexican food on a consistent basis now that I'm back in the Southwest. Serranos, though not the ultimate foodie experience as it tends very traditional, is delicious. Free bean dip, chips and salsa are an easy way to my heart, but followed by enchiladas or a burrito fundido style with a house margarita...Yes, please! I've always had really great service at this location even when they were swamped. Plus...there's always the bean dip to tide you over till you order.
2	I've eaten here at least 4 times in the past 15 years.  The best it's ever been was average.  The most recent time, about a month ago, I ordered a green burro.  It was very close to the worst green burro I've ever had at a restaurant.  Mostly soupy tasteless gravy, a few scattered bits of meat, and some slivers of something that might have been green chile many days earlier before the taste and texture had been completely cooked out of it.  The complimentary chips and dips are decent but the hot sauce is barely on the hot side. Garcia's is much better.
4	We like to come here. It is never too busy but has plenty of customers in and out. Although it is open like most restaurants, it has a very quiet calming mood. The unlimited chips, chunky salsa, and warm bean dip is a huge plus! One of the reasons we love to come. The food is not unique but it is pretty good. I always have a combination plate, they have all been satisfying.We definitely recommend this place. *** Side Note: the food was a 5 star at the Serranos on Guadalupe. Unfortunately, they closed. :(
3	We love Serrano's. Even had them cater our wedding.  We were regulars @ the Dobson location before it closed.Really not a fan of this location.  Service is poor.Today my mother and I tried to walk in with the remnants of our coffees and before we were even all the way in the door were told by two employees that we'd have to leave our drinks at the front. Rude.We left and spent our $40 @ Valle Luna. It was delicious!
3	My family consists of 5 Serrano's regulars and we all love the food dearly. It is with serious dismay that I give this location 3 stars. I've been to this one much more than usual since it is closest to my new home, but holy shizen is the service terrible. There are two waiters, one male in the dining room and one female primarily in the bar that are attentive, friendly, and give a serious hustle. But literally everyone else that I've had at my table - bussers, waiters, & hosts included have been incredibly awkward and slow. I'm not a fan of sitting for two hours at a restaurant and I definitely don't want to be harassed about the number of chips I eat relative to my boyfriend by a sassy, teenage bus boy. Not only did he stop by the table about nine times to talk to us and not SERVE us, but he was rude and extremely awkward each and every time. I'll always choose the downtown Chandler location if I can but sometimes just have to suck up the service for a good taco.
2	I was not impressed with this place. Host seemed inexperienced. Water and tea has a musty taste. Salsa was too chunky. Waited a long time for check. I had a taco salad with beef asada. The beef had good flavor. The staff was friendly.
3	Really nice local restaurant.  Love their bean dip.  They have an awesome bar too.  I rate their salsa a 4 out of 5.  Stopping by today after the ASU game.  Go devils!!!
5	We have been visiting this restaurant for years. We love the consistency of the food and the friendliness of the staff. As the economy recovers this place is super busy. We visited on a Friday night and there was a 25 minute wait. However, we got into the bar and there were two seats at the bar that were separate. Their customer service was fabulous in the fact that they moved the other barstool down next to the one so they were together and asked everyone to scoot down. How cool is that. The customers were really nice and the fact that they didn't mind moving down. I always have the chili Relleno with rice and beans and my husband has steak fajitas. They are really really good and it's always consistently good every time we go. This is one of our favorite local Mexican restaurants that we visit about every month. We will continue to come back!
