4	I am more familiar with Utrecht from when I was in S.F. ,but there is a location here in AZ. They seem like any other art supply sotre, wexcept I have a discount card that goes into addition with my student discountso I prefer them over others. Otherwise they are like any other art store I suppose. Maybe some better prices on certain things tho.wow i am really retarded I mean to put the name is as ARTS... wow I'm tired...
4	Great customer service, good prices for quality art supplies.  It ranks right up there with Dick Blick.My only complaint is that their catalog isn't as yummy as some other art supply places.
4	When their products are not on sale, they're a bit on the pricey side, however their store is generally inexpensive once their discounts come into play. I love that they have a TON of different sized stretched canvas. They have a ton of supplies you can use too, some out of the ordinary. The nice part is that it's by ASU. That's also the bad part too. I have a feeling that their prices are a bit expensive generally in the off-school season because of the ASU students. So typically I try and avoid going there around those times. However, the best time to buy is when school starts or a new semester starts.
4	I've been here a few times looking for speciality paper, art supplies and tools. They have a pretty good selection of products in different sizes and varieties, much more so than your typical office supply store.The price is competitive. If I need anything particular, I just ask the clerk and he\she is pretty good at directing me to the exact item. I would add this place on my short list of art stores because I find so few of them.If you are an ASU student, they give a small discount. It's not bad.
4	I have recently started painting and Utrecht is the only art supply store I have been to so I do not have anything to compare it to, just my experience the past few times I have frequented. They have a wide assortment of ALL supplies, I always want everything I see! They do not carry Alkyd paints though FYI. I originally chose Alkyd paint because it is lower in VOC's than other oil paints but as they run out I am going to start using acrylics so this is not really an inconvenience at all. But they DO carry Golden Open Acrylics brand which are "slow drying acrylics" as opposed to the Alkyds which are "fast drying oils" if you happen to be looking for something in that middle ground. They always have a lot of different items on sale and the store clerks are always so friendly and helpful that I definitely see many more trips to Utrecht in my future!
4	Utrecht and I have a complex relationship. The "competitor prices" they display always seem to come from an alternate universe, and merchandise isn't so much organized as stuffed where there's room (which isn't necessarily bad if you're aware of it), but they've got a good selection, friendly employees, and--most importantly--the house brand. The whole reason to shop at Utrecht, catalog or retail, is for Utrecht's house-brand paint. They generally beat competing brands in price handily. Their acrylics are made in the US. Quality in the Artist grade paints is top-notch while the "Studio Series" (which is the most euphemistic and optimistic student grade moniker  I've ever seen) ranges, as do most student-grade paints, from decent to mind-blowingly terrible. Skip straight to Artist for difficult colors like yellows if you know what's good for you.This store maintains an excellent supply of acrylic and oil Utrecht paints in both grades in just about every color you could possibly want. They may even carry the full range. Outside of Utrecht-branded paints, mediums, and substrates, though, you're almost certainly going to get better pricing at Arizona Art Supply. And while Utrecht stocks a wide variety of house-brand brushes, almost to the detriment of name brand selection, they're probably the crappiest brushes I've ever used.  I'd only buy Utrecht brushes for something that's going to destroy them, like resist or masking fluid. But for paint, gesso, mediums, canvas, or paper? Definitely swing by Utrecht.Pro Tip: Don't even think about shopping here at the start of a semester or near finals. The entire ASU College of Fine Arts--wait, sorry, Michael Crow took that behind a shed; Institute For Design--descends upon Utrecht like a horde of locusts, leaving empty shelves in its wake.
4	Yes I am a fan....now I just need to re establish a work space for my artistic endevors.  I wandered their asiles looking, unfortunately I didn't have the time to keep looking or the budget (or the workspace) to take home many of the items I have been looking for to take the swirling images from my head into a more tangable medium.  I can see this as being a go to place for me to pick up paints, inks, canvas and clay.  I will also have to check out their catalog.My first visit I was given a discount for signing up for their frequent shopper program.  I can't wait to spend more time here.
4	This is a pretty cool store!I've recently found my artistic spirit through an old coworker, and I paid a visit to Utrecht one day to pickup some pastels and a sketchbook. They had all kinds of great stuff here, and the prices are very reasonable.The staff was pretty friendly, and helpful. I am not an artist, and I have no idea what I am doing with any of the mediums, but I didn't feel ashamed to ask questions.The location is a bit out of my way since I live in Scottsdale....and we found a store a little closer, Arizona Art Supply. BUT....this store is worth the drive and worth a visit.
4	Very nice staff.  The manager took alot of time helping me squeeze my ne easel into my small car.  Thankyou!
4	So much stuff in such a little space! If you can't find what you need here you're looking for a unicorn. It can feel a little cluttered and at times can be confusing locating exactly what you need, but they have fair prices and tons of inventory. Overall a quite good shop.
4	Everyone here is very friendly and helpful even when they are slammed with customers. I love going here even if I don't truly need anything. Inventory is always great and like I said, the staff are amazing!
4	I like this place.  Its the perfect place for the art student.  Its not huge like a Michaels.  When you walk in they greet you and try to help you right away.  Most of them seem to know exactly what they are talking about almost like they might even be artists themselves unlike the Michaels chick last night that said she didnt know anything about any of the markers they had locked up in jail.  Arent you tired of hearing I dont know from these A holes?  What ever happened to I dont know let me find out or let me get someone that knows something.  Argh I am so tired of stupid people!!  and back to review.....You can also see everything they have and they dont lock it up like they do at Michaels.  They also have really good coupons here 50% etc. so make sure to sign up for those.
4	good store near campus for buying all of your art or school supplies. i have to come here pretty often to stock up on stuff, and they almost always have what i need. the employees are really familiar with what's in stock and where things are, so it makes it convenient when i need to get a ton of different items and don't want to wander around looking for hours. if you're like me and live closer to arizona art supply than utrecht, i recommend making the drive out to tempe regardless. although az art supply is a decent store and they get their stock from the same supplier as utrecht, they are often out of things or don't carry what i'm looking for. utrecht's prices are comparable to other art stores in the valley, and they give out some pretty decent discounts if you're a student. the only downside is that they can get busy during the school year. on more than one occasion i've had to stand in line for 20+ minutes.
4	Wish this place was closer to us, but it's worth driving for anyways!  They have great sales and the staff is incredibly helpful with anything you have questions on or need help finding.  We have headed down to this location many times now, and we haven't had a bad experience to date!  They have an array of art materials to be found here from paints and brushes, to whimsical greeting cards and modeling clay.Check in to save 20% off any regular priced purchase and if you sign up for their mailing list, you'll get regular coupons through snail mail or email!Overall: AStaff is always ready to help and know the products. Store is well organized and clean. Art supplies galore!
3	My 201st review!!!It's convenient to have something so close to campus. Staff is pretty friendly and usually stocked with the supplies I need. Some stuff is a little pricey but that's art for ya. Pricey supplies!Not as big as Jerry's a few miles from campus but like I said, nothing beats walking distance when you need something to finish a project.
